Front- End Developer <span class="hl">Front</span>-<span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Frontend Developer | Expertise in JavaScript, React & Redux San Jose, CA • An exceptionally focused and reliable Front- End developer with an outstanding work ethic and ability to thrive in  a fast-paced environment  • 2+ years of experience in designing highly transactional and scalable frontend applications using HTML5, CSS3,  JavaScript, jQuery, JSON, AJAX, ReactJS, SASS, LESS  • Proficient in ES6, JSX and TypeScript along with Babel for developing single page web applications in React and  Angular  • MERN stack experience using ReactJS for front- end, NodeJS as a platform, ExpressJS for RESTful API services and  MongoDB for back- end database.  • Considerable knowledge of OO JavaScript design pattern and JavaScript MVC Patterns.  • Performed unit testing using Jasmine and Karma, along with integration testing using Chrome Inspector to fix bugs  and worked closely with QA  • Experience creating ADA compliant webpages following WCAG 2.0 level AA Accessibility Guidelines.  • Proficient in using third-party APIs and libraries in web app development to implement extra features  • Acquired knowledge with backend technologies such as NodeJS, Firebase and Webpack to handle external  modules  • Experience with versioning tools such as Git and SVN.  • Experience with deploying and utilizing AWS services such as Amazon EC2 and S3 for both Windows and Linux  operating systems  • Experience with Agile Scrum and Waterfall development methodologies. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Front- End Developer UnravelCloud - San Jose, CA March 2018 to Present Description: Assisted the UI team to deliver fast, intuitive apps that aims to build and manage custom enterprise  software for clients and developed web-based tools for maximizing high quality solutions using ReactJS  Responsibilities:  • Designed and developed a responsive web user interface using HTML5, JavaScript and CSS3 with ReactJS and NodeJS  • Used ReactJS to implement rich functions in various pages: Form Validation, CRUD, Grid List, Search, Sort,  Pagination, Multi-selection, Tags-input, Advanced/custom Directives, Authentication and unit tests.  • Coordinated/assisted developers with establishing and applying appropriate branching, labeling/naming  conventions using GIT source control.  • Implemented data security by using OAuth to secure access.  • Participated in maintenance and product support.  • Refactored and enhanced many React components and models resulting in 20% code reduction.  • Created interactive UI's using One-way data flow, Virtual DOM, JSX and React concepts.  • Created Custom Reusable React Components Library.  • Used NodeJS to split up a web address by parsing the query string and created API end points  • Built reusable components (notification icon, table filter, multi-select combo-box) and front- end libraries using  ReactJS for future use.  • In Phase Two, worked closely with the Back- End team to display data using the Custom Components, library  Components, and Redux.  • Used HTML5 elements like video, section, article, canvas, label, area and attributes like id, headers, scope,  captions, alt for making webpages more understandable and robust as per ADA Compliance guidelines.  • Configured and tested React components using Jasmine custom matchers, custom reporters and custom equality  modules.  • Implemented application testability and diagnostics and fixing bugs with the help of REDUX (reducers)  architecture.  • Utilized SASS framework to generate efficient and reusable CSS files that cater to desktop versions, Tablets and Smartphones [iOS and Android].  • Developed code on strict cross-browser compatibility support for: IE8/9/10, Firefox, Chrome, and Safari.  • Extensive experience working under Agile methodologies environment (scrum, Kanban).    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, ReactJS, Redux, NodeJS, JSON, AWS S3, AWS EC2, Linux, Jasmine,  Karma, Web Pack. Web Developer Sonata Systems - Mumbai, Maharashtra June 2013 to August 2015 Description: Modified designs and templates for better user interaction and understanding using Vanilla JavaScript,  HTML, CSS.  Responsibilities:  • Designed and developed browser compatible pages using HTML, XHTML, CSS, Vanilla JavaScript.  • Implemented single page apps by using Backbone views and routes to take user to various views by using RESTful.  • Developed user application by editing updating using MVC pattern in Backbone and underscore template.  • Worked in an Agile development environment, including XP methods such as Test-Driven Development and pair  programming.  • Converted mockups into pixel perfect Webpages using HTML5, CSS, and jQuery.  • Responsible for creating the screens with table-less design meeting W3 standards.  • CRUD operation was handled using Mongo Models  • Maintained existing NodeJS web server and used JIRA for bug tracking.  • Took part in every step of the software development lifecycle (SDLC).  • Worked on cross-browser compatibility issues and integration of the project.  Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, BackboneJS, jQuery. Education Masters International Technological University - San Jose, CA 2016 to 2017 Bachelors Gujarat Technological University 2009 to 2013 Skills Front End (4 years), Javascript (4 years), UI (4 years), React (3 years), Redux (2 years), Nodejs (2 years), Rest APIs (2 years), Version Control GIT (2 years) Links https://github.com/Djagz Assessments Critical Thinking — Familiar June 2019 Using logic to solve problems. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/kdb-4j-v90-ze49s Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  Languages & Web Technologies Testing  • JavaScript, Python • Jasmine, Karma  • JQuery, ES5, ES6, JSX, TypeScript • Chrome Developer Tools and React Developer Tools  • HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, NPM and Postman  • AJAX, JSON, D3.js, SASS, Back- End  • Git, SEO, OAuth • NodeJS, Webpack, ExpressJS  • RESTful Services • MySQL, MongoDB, PostgreSQL, Firebase  • Google Web Analytics • AWS EC2 S3, Heroku Deployment  Frameworks Environment and IDEs  • React • Mac OS, Windows, Linux  • Angular • VS Code, Atom, Web Storm