Front End developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">developer</span> Front End developer - Meeami Technologies Santa Clara, CA • Over 5 years of Web Development experience in designing, developing and deploying web applications.  • Proficient at building a single page application website using AngularJS and ReactJS.  • Highly proficient Using ReactJS with REDUX and developing single page responsive web application.  • Extensive knowledge and working experience of web development technologies such as, JavaScript, jQuery UI, AngularJS, Angular2/4, React.js, HTML5, CSS3, SASS and Bootstrap.  • Acquired knowledge over the years by working on all aspects of web development, from front- end to back- end including business logic layer, mid-tier, data access layer and database.  • Excellent knowledge in implementing AJAX method to communicate with a server.  • Experience with project management tool, source/version control such as: Team Foundation Server, JIRA ,Bitbucket, GIT and Mecurial.  • Extensive knowledge in designing and creating database and tables in SQL Server.  • Hands on experience in working with Stored Procedures, Indexes, Triggers, Temp Tables and Views using SQL Server 2012.  • Proven track record working with different software development cycle processes: Waterfall, Agile-Scrum and Extreme Programming.  • Experience with multiple web servers including IIS and Apache.  • Excellent experience in implementing UI components using ReactJS along with Redux Framework and JS ES 7 with Strong experience in developing Redux forms with react life cycle.  • Extensive Full-Stack/ Front- End development experience building, deploying, and maintaining web apps with CSS3, JavaScript, AngularJS, ReactJS, HTML5, Bootstrap, NodeJS, AJAX and JSON.  • Deep experience with JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3 (Bootstrap, Media Queries), jQuery UI plugin. Skilled in creating Single Page Applications (SPA) using ReactJS and implementing React routers,  • Experienced in webpack, ES6, React API, Redux-promises, Ajax; ES6 makes JS so much more powerful.  • Strong experience with NodeJS; I've built several apps in Node, from an mobile API platform for a social media/interaction app. To the foundation for a next-gen e-commerce platform.  • In-depth understanding of RDBMS and Database Design in Oracle, MySQL, SQL Server.  • Comfortable working with JSON data format to consume RESTful web services.  • Expertise in developing both front end & back end applications using Java, Servlets, JSP, ANT, AJAX, EJB, Struts 2.0, Hibernate, JMS, JDBC, XML, Restful Web Services.  • Good experience in configuring, deploying applications using Weblogic, Websphere, Apache Tomcat, JBoss Servers.  • Experience developing Oracle based stored procedures using PL/SQL.  • Strong exposure working with J2EE design patterns like MVC, Front Controller, and Factory Design pattern, Value Object, Singleton and Proxy Design Pattern.  • Proficiency in developing Model View Controller (MVC) Architecture based applications using Struts and Spring Frameworks.  • Good Knowledge with Multithreading, Collections and Exceptions.  • Strong understanding in RDBMS technologies like SQL, Sub Queries, Stored Procedures, Triggers, Functions.  • Valuable team player with excellent communication skills, troubleshooting skills with ability to learn and adapt to new technologies quickly. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Front End developer Meeami Technologies - Santa Clara, CA March 2016 to Present Description: Project was to develop a single page web based application to efficiently speed up the user requests. Authenticated users can access this application and for finding the plan of their future house and can access the services like finding a houses or land or to rent a house which are posted by the sellers and buyers and makes the user communication easy of different fields of people. This is a UI project allowing the users communication easier and can use voice inputs for the expected output.    Responsibilities:  • Developed dynamic web pages using HTML5, CSS3, jQuery, ReactJS, Bootstrap, NodeJS and AJAX.  • Produced content pages with CSS3 layout and style markup presentations and used JavaScript methods and properties.  • Involved in building applications using ReactJS by building re-usable UI Components.  • Worked on Bootstrap, LESS to develop User Interface with responsive design.  • Created responsive layouts for mobile plot forms by created grid model using bootstrap.  • Used JavaScript and GWT to update a portion of a web page thus reducing bandwidth usage and load time in web pages to get user input and requests and Developed dynamic frontends using ReactJS.  • Involved in building applications using React JS by building re-usable UI Components.  • Used Redux to store data from multiple API endpoints.  • Extensively used core features like Props and State.  • Worked on React JS for developing UI using Sorting, Pagination and rendering for search product page.  • Used React JS to create Controllers to handle events triggered by clients and send request to server.  • Used AJAX to reduce the network load and update only the certain components of the website.  • Used ReactJS with Redux to create a single page web application with efficient data flow between the client and server and used to create Controllers to handle events triggered by clients and send request to server.  • Involved in ReactJS for Data patterns which improves readability and made it easier to maintain larger apps and used ReactJS for declarative, efficient, and flexible JavaScript library for building user interfaces.  • Utilized a concept called Virtual DOM in ReactJS to create in-memory data structure cache, enumerate the resulting differences, and then update the browser's displayed DOM efficiently.  • Used Babel to transpile ES6 and JSX into ES5.  • Worked with the project management tool BitBucket.  • Performed the Synchronous/Asynchronous file operations and created web server with the help of Express Using NodeJS.  • Worked on Express Framework to set up middleware to respond to the HTTP requests with the help of NodeJS.  • Gathered data from API/web services via AJAX-JSON calls and updating the DOM within the result sets.  • Worked with Package managers NPM, Bower and build tools Grunt.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, JavaScript, Redux, ReactJS, MongoDB, Web pack, AJAX, JSON, RESTful Web Services, NodeJS, Grunt, Karma, GIT and Agile. Java Developer Huddl - San Jose, CA November 2014 to January 2016 Description: Project was to develop a web based application to efficiently speed up the background investigation process. Administrator and normal user could use the application to register or update new client's information simply by dropping in the original document to the web application which the document could be in TXT,CSV or Excel sheet format. The application would perform the custom validation on the file which can catch any error before sending the file to the database. User can also track the status of any further investigation and reviewing done on the document and download the error file if certain information from the file need to be updated.  Responsibilities:  • Developed single page applications using Angular 2, Typescript, HTML5, CSS3, and Bootstrap.  • Worked in an Agile- Scrum development methodology to ensure delivery of high quality work with monthly iteration, also involved in sprint planning and retrospectives.  • Followed the N-Tier architecture for the application development with DAL, BLL, and UI.  • Involved in requirement gathering, designing, development, UI reviews, and maintenance.  • Created Typescript reusable components and services to consume REST API's using Component-based architecture provided by Angular 2.  • Created reusable templates using Angular directives and worked with NPM package manager tools (Node JS).  • Good knowledge on using Angular APIs like @angular/http [For making HTTP requests], @angular/common[ Common core things including form validation], @angular/router[Routing for our entire app].  • Implemented HTTP requests using Rxjs Observable library to handle multiple values over time.  • Designed the page using Bootstrap and some custom CSS.  • Good knowledge on creating services with Angular 2 @injectable property, as to make the service available for dependency injection when creating components.  • Designed dynamic client-side JavaScript codes to build web forms and simulate process for a web application, page navigation using Angular 2.  • Worked on unit testing for the Angular application using karma.  • Called the Restful web service calls for POST, PUT, DELETE and GET methods.  • Developed CSS3 to style page layouts, navigation and page-loading spinner.  • Extensively worked with making calls to WEB APIs to fetch the data from the back end as JSON response and parse it on the UI for DOM/CSS Manipulation.  • Collaborated with the front- end design team and back- end team and started converting the static files with the dynamic content with the data is retrieved from the database by the API calls.  • Used Mercurial for managing source code by resolving merge conflicts that occur during collaboration of various stakeholders of the application.  Environment: Angular2, Angular 4, SQL server 2012, IIS 7, HTML, CSS3, Mecurial, Web API, JSON, Web API, Karma. Education Bachelor's Skills Bootstrap (3 years), DOM (3 years), HTML5 (3 years), JavaScript (3 years), JSON (3 years) Additional Information Skills  • Web Development: HTML5, SASS, LESS, Atomic CSS, CSS3, SASS, LESS, JavaScript, Servlet, JSP, PHP, JSON, JDBC, AJAX, XML, XHTML, MVC, DOM,Bootstrap,AngularJS,React.JS. HTML, J2EE, JAVASCRIPT , jQuery , Java/J2EE 1.6/1.6, Junit, Agile Methodologies, JUnit, Subversion (version control) JQuery, Hibernate, SOAP, Web services, Ajax, Oracle 11g.  • JavaScript Libraries: JQuery, React.js, Angular.js, Backbone.js, Require.js, Node.js, Bootstrap.  • Database: MySQL, MSSQL, Teradata, PLSQL, MongoDB.  • Operating System: Windows, Linux, Unix, Mac OS X.    • Methodologies: Agile, Scrum, Waterfall.  • IDEs worked on: Notepad++, Eclipse, Visual Studio, Adobe Dreamweaver, Sublime Text2  • Microsoft Publisher Application Servers: Apache Tomcat, Web Logic, Web Sphere.