Front End Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End Developer - JPM Chase Columbus, OH • 4 years of experience as UI Developer / Front End Developer.  • Extensive experience in developing web page quickly and effectively using jQuery, HTML5 and CSS3 and experience in making web pages cross browser compatible.  • Working experience with Angular.js and UI Framework for single page application.  • Experience working on Responsive Web Design by using Bootstrap and Media Query.  • Experience in developing and testing cross browser compatible web pages.  • Excellent written and oral communication skills.  • Self motivated Team player with excellent interpersonal and communicational skills  • Passionate about latest trends in interactive experiences across a variety of mediums with a strong desire for innovation.  • Involved in the Software life cycle phases like Requirement Analysis, Implementation and estimating the time-lines for the project.  • Knowledge of Agile methodology and experience working in a fast-paced Scrum environment Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Front End Developer JPM Chase - Columbus, OH January 2014 to Present Chase is the U.S. consumer and commercial banking business of JPMorgan Chase and Co, a leading global financial services firm and operations in more than 60 countries.  Responsibilities:  • Experienced working with JavaScript library like Angular, Bootstrap, chase JavaScript MVC framework.  • Developed single Page application using Angular and Chase JavaScript MVC framework.  • Developed Responsive Web Design using Bootstrap and Media Query.  • Worked on ractive.js and handlebars.js for data binding.  • Worked closely with UI team and BSA to ensure developed application meets UI guidelines and criteria acceptance.  • Used of breakpoint on different browsers development tools.  • Worked as a team player, provide general technical support to the development team to ensure high quality deliverable and meet targeted schedule.  • Developed cross-browser/platform HTML4/5, CSS2/3, CSS and JavaScript to match design specs for complex page layouts while adhering to code standards.  • Involved in complete SDLC - Requirement Analysis, Development, System and Integration Testing.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, Java Script, GIT, jQuery, AJAX, Sublime, Source Tree, Mac, Angular.js, Bootstrap, NodeJs UI Developer LA Times/Chicago Tribune - Los Angeles, CA May 2012 to December 2013 The Los Angeles Times, commonly referred to as the Times or LA Times, is a paid daily newspaper published in Los Angeles, California, since 1881. It was the largest metropolitan newspaper in circulation in the United States in 2008 and the fourth most widely distributed newspaper in the country.  Responsibilities  • Worked in a team, Involved in developing the UI, layout and front- end programming (HTML) for web application that matches requirements.  • Extensively involved design discussions and user experience sessions to provide inputs on the layout and UX.  • Developed non-functional HTML, CSS pages from the mock ups and involved in UI review with UI architect and Business Units.  • Developed UI page using JavaScript, HTML/HTML5, CSS3 in ongoing projects.  • Involved in bug fixing.  • Experience of media query for responsive web design.  • Used Chrome developer toolbar, Firebug and Safari developer tools for trouble shooting and debugging.    Environment: HTML4/5, CSS2/3, JavaScript, jQuery, Agile methodology Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILL  Web Technologies HTML4/5, CSS2/3, XHTML, XML, JavaScript, JQuery, JSON, AJAX, BOOTSTRAP, Responsive Web Design, SASS  IDE, HTML Editor Eclipse IDE, Notepad++, Spring Tool  Operating Systems Windows 2000, Windows XP, Win 7, Win 8, Mac