Front- end Developer <span class="hl">Front</span>-<span class="hl">end</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front- end Developer - People Tech Group Inc Seattle, WA Phone  313-877-3167  I'm a multi-disciplinary application engineer with a passion for creating exceptionally modern,  exciting, intuitive and delightful user experiences. Over the past several years, I have tackled high- E-mail  stakes, high-visibility projects in a variety of deadline-driven environments, in a leadership role. karthikdc88@gmail.com  I constantly educate myself with the very latest best practices and emerging technology trends, so I  can continue to efficiently provide industry-leading products and services to satisfy myriad Linkedin  demanding functional requirements from every sector. In addition to leading front- end development linkedin.com/in/  teams to create complex web applications for large enterprises, I have also worked directly embedded karthik-diwakar-chowdary  in UX and UI design teams to craft beautiful and useful products for companies at every level. My  diverse background in both design and development gives me a unique perspective, and allows me to  steer the big picture while facilitating the most granular details. Creative and resourceful, I help Skills  project teams overcome obstacles, collaborate across disciplines, launch gorgeous products, and  maintain stable tools and services. Ownership & Responsibility Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Front- end Developer People Tech Group Inc - Bellevue, WA November 2016 to Present Visual Thinking  2Y 4M  I led multiple project teams from kickoff to launch by mentoring and directing developers, and Testing & debugging  rolling up my own sleeves to generate code, and even UX design deliverables, like wireframes  Browser Development tools and user flows. Embedded in the UX/UI design team for few months, I learned the design  process and participated in design work, both in strategy and deliverable production. I now lead Command line the front- end development team on a large enterprise software product. I still work  collaboratively with the design team to facilitate cross-functional communication, allowing Version control/Git  smooth passage of assets and deliverables throughout the design-led, test-driven software WIreframing  development cycle. Also have the ability to debug and modify middle tier and DB code.  Including details of few projects I worked on below. Paper Prototyping    Project name, project type, result  Trufl product suite: restaurant workflow application (Angular), restaurant application MVP was Tech  launched to market in January 2019. Phase 2 is under development  Pearl: Claims Management Application (React), MVP targeted in March 2019. Contributed when HTML 5  project needed help to catch up, implemented key features to keep project in its green status.  YoMingo: Healthcare application (Cordova & Angular), MVP was launched to market. After the CSS 3  team hit an unexpected roadblock, I took over development, by learning the Cordova framework, to finish the deployment of a healthcare native app for Android, iOS and windows.  Bootstrap Software Developer Furdo.com - Bengaluru, Karnataka October 2015 to October 2016 Furdo was a product based startup company, where I worked as a developer using Ruby on rails. we  were a Small team of 4 working on customer-facing and internal portals. The project provided an Jquery  intuitive home interior design experience. Implemented Spree, an open source e-commerce  solution.  TypeScript  Enjoyed solving problems on a daily basis, was exposed to the entire process cycle from version  control to production deployments.  There was a time period where I stepped up and took the responsibility of running and maintaining Reactjs the companies entire e-commerce platform.  Integrated partner company web application through RESTful webservice for asynchronous data  Ruby On Rails  merges.  Followed continuous integration and Deployment to quickly get features live on the Website.  Deployments to live production environment end of every week. Cordova    Adobe Creative Cloud Suite Education Master's in Engineering in Engineering University of Leeds September 2010 to November 2011 Bachelor's in Engineering in KSIT Visvesvaraya University - Bengaluru, Karnataka August 2006 to June 2010 Skills UI, React, Front End, Javascript Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/karthik-diwakar-chowdary/ Additional Information Communication skills    Conflict resolution