System Operation Engineer System Operation Engineer System Operation Engineer - Tata Consultancy Services Work Experience System Operation Engineer Tata Consultancy Services - Atlanta, GA September 2018 to Present Client: Delta  Tools: Dynatrace, Site Scope, Riverbed, Spectrum, ServiceNow, Sumo Logic, DLTerm, VSTerm  ? I'm part of the Availability Team that works with Crisis Team and, Application Teams  ? Investigate and analysis all alerts that are received from monitoring tools like Dyantrace, Site Scope, Spectrum, and Sumo Logic that monitor Delta 74 critical applications and Delta.com.  ? Contact application support team to investigate alerts that shows inconsistency.  ? Provide live updates of application performance during Technical Bridges and Reference For Changes.  ? Contact the department of Homeland Security IT department when we receive an outage, so we can reactive the vetting system for Delta using DLTeam, and VSTerm.  ? Create incident ticket on ServiceNow for every action that involves application team.  ? Export reports from ServiceNow  ? Perform JVM restarts when server CPU are high.    Project: Investigation Track  Technologies: HTML, CSS3, Bootstrap, JavaScript, jQuery, Php  Create a web application that takes information from the user, and then create a PDF that will display the information that was enter after submission. Plus, that information will be sent to the email address that wad enter in the email field. I hosted it on the Delta Cloud Red Hat Linux that only be access on the Delta network. Remote Freelance Developer Sack Lunch Agency January 2019 to June 2019 Technologies: HTML, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, WordPress, PHP, Bootstrap, Photoshop  ? Build WordPress website from scratch using starter themes.  ? Convert Photoshop concept into functional, interactive, responsive web templates.  ? Coordinate with art director so that we can deliver the project before deadline.  ? Utilize plugins for functionalities.  ? Performed cross browser compatibility testing.  ? Gather requirements from project manager like photoshop mockups, and website functionalities  ? Setup hosting.    Project Links:  https://sacklunchagency.com  https://gameofaxes.com  https://silverconstructiongroup.com Web Developer James Ross Advertising April 2016 to August 2017 Technologies: HTML, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, WordPress, PHP, Bootstrap, Photoshop  ? Consulted with clients to gather requirements.  ? Built WordPress Themes from scratch to customize and enable site to provide a unique experience.  ? Convert Photoshop concept into functional, interactive, responsive web templates.  ? Leveraged WordPress tools to create E-commerce website and to modify existing static and dynamic sites.  ? Performed cross browser compatibility testing; utilized WordPress plugins to manage content and add new features.  ? Set up hosting; generated business reports using Google Analytic.    Project Links:  https://rspnutrition.com  https://jupitermarine.com  https://www.bertrodgers.com Front End Developer Bluegreen Vacation ? - Boca Raton, FL July 2015 to February 2016 Technologies: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, AngularJS, Git, XML, JSON  ? Collaborated with senior developer to create a hybrid application with Ionic, which is a HTML5 SDK that helps build mobile apps using HTML, CSS, and AngularJS. The application with a native look and feel for Android and iOS retrieves data from a RESTful API.  ? Created controllers, services, templates, styles, action sheet, slide and functionality.  ? Used Amazon Website Services S3 bucket and Code Deploy to push code changes to stage and production. Front End Web Developer Synechron ? - Sunrise, FL May 2014 to July 2015 Technologies: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Bootstrap, jQuery, NPM, Git, Jira  ? Collaborated with graphic designer to create responsive landing pages for a weight loss diet company mandated to deliver fresh food to customers three times daily; updated old landing pages to have a modern look and feel.  ? Served as Liaison to Quality Assurance and Development teams.  ? Implemented Google Analytic to facilitate the marketing team in tracking customer traffic. Education Bachelor of Applied Science in Information Technology Broward College August 2016 Associate of Science in Computer Program and Analysis Broward College May 2015