Front End Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End Developer - Comcast • Around 5+ years of ambitious web developer with a diverse background in programming tasked with creating efficient and effective websites and applications for various clients. Applies evolving technologies and standards to provide a dynamic user experience.  • Extensive experience in developing web pages using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript with ES5 and ES6, Typescript, jQuery, Angular 4, Angular JS, React JS, Redux, Node.js  • Developed a front- end web application for Global Network Operations using React.js, Redux, ES6/Babel and Webpack  • Experience building reusable components using react JS, React Router, Redux and custom stores, and in-house HOC for handling complex data flow and user input validation.  • Worked on CSS Background, CSS Positioning, CSS Text, CSS Border, CSS Margin, CSS Padding, CSS Table, Pseudo Classes, Pseudo Elements and CSS Behaviors in CSS.  • Hands on experience in developing prototype module using AngularJS and ExtJS, implemented Pagination and Data grid with google material design.  • Developed the application for responsive to different screen resolutions using Bootstrap and CSS media queries along with google material design.  • Experience in Javascript task runners like Webpack, Gulp, Grunt and Angular CLI for automating the recent tasks.  • Experience with applying web applications using AJAX, Plug-ins and JSON.  • Excellent experience in REST and RESTful Web services.  • Experience in developing applications for cross browser compatibility.  • Experience in debugging and troubleshooting the existing code using debugger tools like, Firebug, Chrome developer toolbar etc., and Able to identify problems in the initial stages and execute quick resolutions.  • Experienced in version control tools GIT and SVN.  • Worked on complete Agile/Scrum/Waterfall Methodology and User Interface web development in accordance with requirements.  • Excellent analytical and communication skills with capability to handle new technologies as an individual and as part of a team. Work Experience Front End Developer Comcast - Philadelphia, PA September 2018 to Present • Working on a next generation (Zeta) content Management system (CMS), which is powering 12 different sites across Comcast. This system offers an intuitive user interface with many options to ease content management tasks for website team/content managers.  • Developed the User Interface using HTML 5, Bootstrap, JavaScript, Angular4, jQuery and AJAX. Used SASS as a CSS preprocessor.  • Created new JSP views to incorporate backend functionality to display on the UI screens using the client rich technologies like jQuery, JavaScript, HTML, CSS files.  • Created Angular4 components, implemented interpolation, input variables, Bootstrapping, NgFor, NgIf, Router Outlet, binding the events, decorators.  • Used NPM build tools like Webpack and Angular CLI for better and faster compiling of Angular Apps  • Developing the components using Angular4 needed for the application from the scratch and customizing from various Angular related libraries to meet the application's functionality.  • Good knowledge on creating services with Angular4 @injectable property, as to make the service available for dependency injection when creating components.  • Worked with NPM commands and using package.json for managing dependencies and dev-dependencies of node.js applications.  • Implemented a feature that keeps track of all published content, updates and deletes with comprehensive and immutable logs.  • Built discussion forum for internal Comcast members to reflect on organization initiatives, express opinions, share thoughts and resources.  • For application strengthening developed core functionalities like indexing, search and retrieval, format management, revision control, and publishing.  • Working knowledge on steel cloud server, setting up Load Balancers, DNS and CDN (cache setup) for various applications  • Responsible for code optimization, Cross-Browser compatibility and fixed the bugs for several browsers.  • Coordinated project delivery between production, post-production and technical teams ensuring that content is precise and received within the required time frame.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Angular4, Bootstrap4, Sass, AJAX, JSON, XHTML, XML, Windows, Eclipse IDE. UI Developer Staples, Inc - Boston, MA November 2017 to August 2018 • Worked on complete Agile Scrum methodology and User Interface web development in accordance with requirement.  • Used Wireframe for UX designing and implemented responsive web design based on it.  • Extensively Worked on CSS Background, CSS Positioning, CSS Text, CSS Border, CSS Margin, CSS Sprites, CSS Padding, CSS Table, Pseudo Elements & Classes, and CSS Behaviors in CSS.  • Developed reusable style sheet partials using SASS Pre-Processor.  • Worked on Responsive web pages (RWD) using Bootstrap, RESTful API web development and media queries.  • Developed powerful Single Page Application and dynamic responsive Web Application with React JS.  • Involved in creating a Reusable component and React-Router to turn application into Single Page Application using React JS  • Used Redux-Store for storing state of the React Application and worked with middleware for the Redux-Store.  • Implemented a Single Page Web Applications (SPA) based front end for displaying user requests, user records history and security settings various users using JavaScript and React JS.  • Used Node JS to interact with Rest services and with Database, building real-time Web API's.  • Handled all aspects of the web application including maintaining, testing, debugging, deploying and printing.  • Used XML, JSON Web Services using REST protocol. Implemented front end user interface and features in the application using AJAX.  • Utilized Node.JS, mongo DB and Express to create Restful API's  • Used GITHUB for Version Control.  • Worked on Cross Browser Issues for different versions of IE, Mozilla and Chrome. Front- End UI Developer Cardinal Health, Inc - Dublin, OH October 2016 to September 2017 Environment: Typescript, Jasmine, Karma, GIT, VS Code, React, Redux, Node.js, Jenkins, HTML5, CSS3, NPM, JSON, Webpack, JIRA, TFS, Visual Studio.  Client: Cardinal Health, Inc Dublin, Ohio Oct 2016 - Sep 2017  Role: Front- End UI Developer  • Work side-by-side with User Experience designers, leveraging multimedia content creation applications and digital media to continuously provide the best Customer Experience.  • Implemented application testability and diagnostics and fixing bugs with the help of REDUX (Reducers) architecture.  • The front- end use HTML5, CSS3, React JS, jQuery and Bootstrap to build a single page web app that communicate with back- end via RESTful API.  • Responsible for implementing UI mockups, integrating third party REACT libraries, and handling/creating Redux store data.  • Developed user interface by using the React, Redux for SPA development.  • Used React-Router to turn application into Single Page Application  • Used ReactJS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router and Animations  • Worked on Node Js as the server side implementation.  • Built highly reusable UI components with React and Styled Components to increase scalability and reusability.  • Extracted reusable logic from components as Higher-Order Components such as infinity scroll to achieve more flexibility.  • Performs UNIT testing with Jest, and web-services with RESTful API.  • Developed the Drag and Drop functionality using React-Dragabble  • The middleware- end use NodeJS, Express to provide RESTful API.  • Used React JS to implement rich functions in various pages: form validation, crud, grid list, search, sort, pagination, multi-selection, tags-input, advanced/custom directives, authentication, unit tests, etc  • Coordinate/assist developers with establishing and applying appropriate branching, labelling/naming conventions using GIT source control.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Agile, Ajax, JSON, JQuery, Jasmine, Karma, Node.js, React js, Redux, Visual Studio. UI Developer (Angular Developer) Austin, TX November 2015 to July 2016 • Developed web application using HTML, CSS, JQuery, and JavaScript to meet the requirements of the client.  • Used advanced level of jQuery, AJAX, JavaScript, CSS, and CSS layouts. Developed Single Page Application (SPA) using Angular JS Framework.  • Developed Web Application to replace the existing and legacy Website using AngularJS Framework.  • Implemented Model View Controller (MVC) Design Pattern using Angular JS.  • Used Node.js as the package manager for development workflow dependent plugins.  • Created AngularJs components like Controller, Services, Directives, and form to collect different user data and implemented form validations in Angular JS.  • Debug the application using Firebug to traverse the documents and manipulated the Nodes using DOM and DOM Functions.  • Implemented and designed user interface for web-based customer application  • Developed the Single Page Application (SPA) using AngularJS Framework.  • Created Custom directives for data manipulations and Angular Js controllers, factories, filters, Routers, and services as well.  • Experienced in testing Angular controllers, Directives and services using Jasmine.  • Good understanding of writing unit tests and automated integration tests using Protractor.  • Performed client-side validations over the forms using AngularJS..  • Performed server-side JavaScript with Node.JS.  • Responsible for gathering functional requirements, analysis using Agile SDLC methodology.  • Contributed in decision making of the software and hardware requirements and tool evaluations.  • Used Git for version repository maintenance.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, AJAX, JSON, RESTful, AngularJS, NodeJS, Agile methodology. Front End Developer Electronic Arts India - Hyderabad, Telangana January 2014 to June 2015 • Involved in Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) from gathering user requirements to analysis, design, development, testing, deployment and production support.  • Designed the front- end applications, UI web pages using web technologies like HTML, XML, CSS, and Bootstrap.  • Used JQuery, JavaScript to present data to users in a user-friendly environment.  • Used JavaScript for custom client-side validation.  • Built responsive site using Bootstrap that fits devices of different visual sizes.  • Implemented the JavaScript, JQuery frameworks.  • Implemented the search functionality for Internal Application using AngularJS.  • Implemented AngularJS MVC structure to develop Application.  • Experience in creating test suites using Jasmine, Karma and worked on tools such as NPM, Bower.  • Enhanced the functionality of screens using JSP, HTML, JavaScript, CSS and JQuery.  • Designed various routing mechanisms and implemented Http functionality in Angular JS to retrieve data from web servers.  • Designed CSS based page layouts that are cross-browser compatible and standards-compliant.  • Used JQuery for basic animation and end user screen customization purposes.  • Made enhancement to existing CSS and DIV tags.  Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, AJAX, JSON, AngularJS, Node.JS, Bootstrap, Eclipse. Education Masters in Computer Engineering in Computer Engineering Oklahoma Christian University December 2016 Bachelors in Electronics and Communication Engineering in Electronics and Communication Engineering JNTU - Hyderabad, Telangana May 2014 Skills AJAX. (4 years), Apache (Less than 1 year), Application Server (Less than 1 year), Frameworks (Less than 1 year), GIT (1 year), HTML (2 years), JavaScript (4 years), jQuery (3 years), json (4 years), Linux (Less than 1 year), Subversion (Less than 1 year), SVN. (Less than 1 year), Tomcat (Less than 1 year), Version Control. (Less than 1 year), Web Sphere (Less than 1 year), WebLogic (Less than 1 year), XML (2 years), Angular, UI, Front-End, Front End, React Links https://linkedin.com/in/mohan-venkat-gurrala-a72a37165 Additional Information Technical Skills    Web Technologies: XHTML, HTML 5, CSS3, Bootstrap3/4, JavaScript, AJAX, JQuery, XML, JSON.  Frameworks/Libs: Angular4, Angular1.6, Node.js, jQuery, React JS, Redux  Application Server: Apache Tomcat 5.5/6.0,WebLogic Application Server, Web Sphere  Version Control: Tortoise SVN, Git  Package Manage: NPM, Bower, Grunt    Operating Systems: MS windows, OS X, Linux