Front- end Web Developer <span class="hl">Front</span>-<span class="hl">end</span> Web <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front- end Web Developer - Golden Gate University San Francisco, CA Currently, I am working as a Front- end Web Developer at the Golden Gate University in San Francisco,California. I have 3+ years of experience in producing exceptional user interface for web applications and high quality responsive websites using front end technologies which includes JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3 and  Bootstrap. In addition to that, I have strong knowledge and hands-on experience with ReactJs, Redux, ES6, NodeJs, AngularJs, LESS, Gulp, Git, Webpack and other modern web technologies, plus I hold a Master's Degree in Computer Science. I like to take ownership of the projects and constantly look for opportunities to improve. Work Experience Front- end Web Developer Golden Gate University - San Francisco, CA April 2016 to Present Successfully migrated the university's legacy website with 100,000+ unique visitors per month to a Responsive Design website. I received "VIP of Project" award for meeting project deliverables and  deadlines over 99% of the time and for exceeding expectations.  • Teamed up with marketing department to design and develop many Lead generation post-click  landing pages along with functionalities which interacts with Salesforce and Recruit CRM to automate  the admission processes; hence, boost the university's revenue.  • Built the front end of various web-based applications for students & employees from scratch using JSP, GSP, jQuery, AJAX and REST.  • Configured new sites on OUCampus CMS, maintained preexisting sites, created templates using XSLT  and developed dynamic as well as static web pages using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript and Bootstrap.  • Took the responsibility to revamp the UI of old web applications to make user experience much better  and I completed the task within set time frame, single handedly.  • Supported production deployment and project go-live tasks, wrote detailed technical documentation.  • Worked closely with Cross Functional Teams through the full SDLC lifecycle including troubleshooting, debugging of applications. Front- end Developer Intern Expedite Solutions - Vadodara, Gujarat May 2012 to June 2013 Built the User Interface of the in-house Project Management and Issue Tracking System using HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript.  • Developed code to call the Backend to fetch the data and populate on the UI using Ajax and JSON.  • Involved in daily scrum to discuss the design and work progress. Education Masters of Computer Science in Computer Science Northwestern Polytechnic University - Fremont, CA April 2016 Bachelors in Computer Engineering in Computer Engineering Sigma Institute of Engineering - Vadodara, Gujarat Skills Content management, Firebase, Git, Javascript, Bootstrap, Mongoose, Reactjs, Redux, Webpack, Jenkins, Json, Svn, Angularjs, Html5, Mvc, Sass, Ajax, jquery, Content management system, Mongodb, Front End, React, Angular, Node, CSS3 Additional Information Technical Skills  JavaScript: ES6, ES5, ReactJs, Redux, AngularJs, NodeJs, ExpressJs, JQuery  HTML5 + CSS3: Bootstrap, LESS, SASS  Cloud Platforms: Heroku, Firebase, AWS  Version Control System: Git, GitHub, SVN  Tools: NPM, Yarn, Grunt, Gulp, Bower, Babel, Webpack, Jenkins, Postman  Database: MongoDB with Mongoose, MySQL, Firestore  Content Management System: WordPress, OUCampus, Drupal  Web/Application Servers: Apache, Xampp  Other Expertise: RESTful JSON APIs, Responsive Design, Progressive Web App, Ajax, JWT, MVC