Job Seeker UI Developer Philadelphia, PA An accomplished Software Engineer, specializing in Object Oriented Design and analysis with extensive experience in the full life cycle of the software design process including requirement definition, prototyping, Proof of Concept, Design, Implementation and Testing.  SUMMARY:  • Professional experience as a JavaScript Front End Developer and with Full Stack developer Knowledge of database installation.  • Expericence on Web Technologies using JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3, SASS, Angularjs v2/v4, React js, JSON, Bootstrap Framework, AJAX, IDE and Tool.  • Extensive experience in developing web page quickly and effectively using AngularJS, JQuery, HTML5, CSS3, JSP and also in making web pages cross browser compatible.  • Thorough understanding of CSS principles with a clear ideology for managing maintainable, scalable and cross-browser code.  • Strong in Web designing technologies like HTML5, XHTML, JavaScript, CSS3, JQuery, Ajax and JSON.  • Extensively used new software tools in designing User Interfaces and capable of adapting to the changing environments.  • Experienced in applying the latest development approaches including MVC framework in the browser, event-driven applications using AJAX, Object Oriented (OO) JavaScript, JSON and XML.  • Expertise in maintaining websites, soft wares and understanding & modifying existing code.  • Extensive knowledge in developing single-page applications (SPAs) using various JavaScript frameworks like AngularJs and Bootstrap.  • Having strong knowledge On Node.js  • Good understanding of Angular v4 as I was involved in the process of upgrading Angular2 apps to Angular4.  • Experience with developing and implementing responsive designs into web transactions and applications.  • Experience working with testing tools like Firebug, Firebug Lite, Chrome/Safari web inspectors, IE Developer Toolbar Tools.  • Well versed with Software Development Life Cycle process which includes designing, developing, testing and implementation.  • Experienced in working in AGILE based development environment and participating in SCRUM sessions  • Involved in code deployments for different environments like Dev/Test/Stage/UAT using Jenkins.  • Knowledge optimized SQL queries on databases like MySQL and Oracle.  • Good experience in developing cloud solutions.  • Having good knowledge in Responsive web design.  • Good knowledge of Spring MVC and Spring integration with Hibernate Technologies.  • Experienced in working with Mobile App Development.  • Good knowledge of InDesign, Illustrator, Photoshop and Fireworks.  • Superior verbal, written and interpersonal communication skills with both technical and non-technical audiences, and able to effectively communicate with wide range of clients and coworkers.  • Demonstrated ability to complete high- end projects in deadline-oriented environments.  • Capable of quickly learning and delivering solutions as an individual and as part of a team.  • Good knowledge working on office 365. Work Experience Comcast - Philadelphia, PA April 2018 to April 2018 Still  Role: Software Dveloper  Responsibilities:-  • Involved in Agile and full software development lifecycle i.e., from Designing, coding, testing, debugging and support.Requirements gathering from the project team.  • Attending the daily Scrum meetings, kept up-to-date on best practices for JavaScript frameworks and techniques.  • Participated in meetings with the end-clients to develop custom UI Components using (Material UI) that are cross browser compatible.  • Worked closely with other senior developer, product managers and end client.  • Created a custom, responsive web application using React js, React Native, CSS, HTML, Javascript, Bootstrap to develop.  • Web application with the help of controllers, dependencies and modules.  • For testing we are using the Unit testing and Karma testing.  • Developed on demand, combo and compression server using the Node js and sql.  • Javascript building with NPM.  • Exposure to container technologies: Docker.  • Fixing the bugs/issues identified during the test cycle.  • Used SVN for version control and Bug tracking tool GitHub repository.  • Application developing Web app, IOS and Android platform. Design and build applications for the iOS platform.  • Working on cross-Browser compatibility and fixed the bugs for several browsers. Familiarity with continuous integraction.    Environment: - JavaScript, HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, SASS, Node.js, Windows, Safari, Chrome, Windows, Docker, Intellij,VS Code base, and SVN. Full Stack Dveloper Comcast - Kansas City, MO October 2017 to March 2018 Responsibilities:-  • UI developer technologies like HTML, CSS/Sass, React js, React Native, Javascript, Nodejs, and sql.  • Software developer life cycle and with analysis/development and testing phase. Hands on experience of SDK and how to deal with different screen sizes like IOS and web app's.  • Requirements gathering from the project team.  • Attending the daily Scrum meetings, kept up-to-date on best practices for JavaScript frameworks and techniques.  • Participated in meetings with the end-clients to develop custom UI Components using (Material UI) that are cross browser compatible.  • Worked closely with other senior developer, product managers and end client.  • Created a custom, responsive web application using React js, React Native, CSS, HTML, Javascript, Bootstrap to develop.  • Web application with the help of controllers, dependencies and modules.  • For testing we are using the Unit testing and Karma testing.  • Developed on demand, combo and compression server using the Node js and sql.  • Javascript building with NPM.  • Fixing the bugs/issues identified during the test cycle.  • Used SVN for version control and Bug tracking tool GitHub repository.  • Application developing Web app, IOS and Android platform. Design and build applications for the iOS platform.  • Working on cross-Browser compatibility and fixed the bugs for several browsers. Familiarity with continuous integraction.    Environment: - JavaScript, HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, SASS, Node.js, Windows, Safari, Chrome, Windows, Intellij,VS Code base, and SVN. Full Stack Developer United Airlines 2016 to August 2017 Responsibilities:-  • Wide expirience in Javascript, HTML and SCSS/SASS/Less.  • Participated in meetings with the end-clients to develop custom UI Components that are cross browser compatible.  • Debug the applications using Firebug to traverse the document and manipulated the Nodes using DOM and DOM Functions.  • Creating Front- end Applications using HTML,CSS and JavaScript.  • Used AngularJS HTTP methods to retrieve employee task data from entity models.  • Implemented UI design using Javascript, HTML and CSS.  • Tested cross-browsers compatibility on a range of projects.  • Worked closely with other senior developer, product managers, architects and the QA team to deliver optimal designs and software to meet and exceed expectations.  • Developing Service layer using spring and persistence layer using SpringJDBC, Hibernate and MVC.  • Extensively used the build tools like Jenkins, Junit.  • Ability to creact Microservices to access data using couchbase(nosql) and MongoDB.  • Developed an AngularJS 2 and after migrated to version 4, Typescript workflow manager leveraging Angular-UI's state router for flexible configuration and management of multi-step user input flows.  • JavaScript building with NPM,Gulp  • Created a custom, responsive web application using bootstrap to replace a legacy line-of-business web application with the help of controllers and modules.  • involved in providing pseudo application level code to interact with API's, Web Services using AJAX,JSON and XML.  • Unit testing using JASMINE  • Used CSS3 media queries to achieve the responsiveness of the user interface.  • CSS precompilers such as SASS/Compass.  • developed on demand, combo andcompression server using Node.js.  • Successfully executed the entire test cases and fixed any bugs/issues identified during the test cycles.  • Worked with teams where requirements are constantly being implemented, testing, debugging and deploying.  • Used (GitSVN,TFS for version control online etc).    Environment: -JavaScript, HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, SASS,AngularJS,Node.js, Bootstrap,Core Java, Hibernate, MVC, Spring, Windows,Internet Explorer,TFS, Firefox, Chrome, Windows, Intellij, and SVN. Front End Developer Pinsightmedia, MO January 2016 to March 2016 Responsibilities:-  • Developing the presentation layer using technologies Struts, JS, HTML, HTML5, CSS and AJAX.  • Created user-centered designs for a new enterprise platform, Mozu, with careful consideration for business requirements, user feedback, and usability findings.  • Assisted in native application development functions on iOS and Android platforms.  • Implemented procedures for development of HTML5 and Java applications for mobile devices.  • Supported technical team members in conceptual designing and development of mobile user interfaces.  • Worked with a team of designers, product owners and engineers to build new features and improve the current volusion platform.  • I have knowledge on PHP.  • Implemented UI design using Javascript, HTML and CSS.  • Evaluated all phases of client native systems and mobile applications.  • Involved in develoying a multitude applications almost all of the AWS.  • Write and extend WordPress plugins.  • Used AngularJS in developing single page applications.  • Worked with BootstrapTwitterFramework and AngularJS to Design single page application.  • Brief experience on implementing the Angular.js and model-view-controller (MVC) framework for data access.  • Responsible for client side UI Validation and implementing Business logic based on user selection usingJavaScript UI and AngularJs  • Ibuilt out our first product using Javascript.  • Used CSS3 media queries to achieve the responsive ness of the user interface.  • JavaScript building with NPM, Bower, Grunt.  • Build large-scale web applications and mobile-first website using JavaScript, React, AngularJS, and C#.  • Develop Android apps and frameworks that is highly responsive and multi-threaded.  • Responsible for the design of client websites right from the conceptualization stage.  • Implemented dynamic page elements and form error validations using JavaScript.  • Worked with teams where requirements are constantly being implemented, tested and improved.  • Worked on Cross-Browser compatibility and fixed the bugs for several browsers.  • Designed the table less web applications using CSS and with the help of div tags as per W3C standards.  • Produced visually appealing designs focused on usability, utility, UX, cross-browser compatibility and web standards.  • Working on Jenkins for CI integration to automate deployment process.  • Worked on sahi and Selenium Web Automation tool to automate system integration testing.  • Designing and developing dash boards, debugging production behavior and generating real time application usage reports using Splunk.  • Continuously provide input to project management activities throughout the project lifecycle, influencing scope, risk plan, project plan, issues and status.    Environment: - HTML, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript, Anjular js, iOS, Android, SQL Server 2012, Ajax, Node js, WordPress, Agile methodology. Front End Developer Arris - Lowell, MA September 2015 to November 2015 Responsibilities:-  • Involved in complete Agile/SDLC - Requirement Analysis, Development, System and Integration Testing.  • Worked closely with other senior developers, product managers, system architects, and the QA team to deliver optimal designs and software to meet and exceed expectations.  • Involved in various technical and architectural design discussions with back- end teams as well as front- end team to integrate front- end and back- end.  • Used MVC Framework for development of web based application.  • Experience in .NET technology, HTML, C#, MVC and .NET framework.  • Worked on Cross-BrowserCompatibility and fixed the bugs for several browsers.  • Used AngularJS in developing single page applications.  • Developing efficient user interface using Java Script, Knockout.js, angular.js as scripting libraries.  • Developing Service layer using spring and persistence layer using Hibernate, Spring JDBC and JDBC with efficient modularity and scalability.  • Working on Jenkins for CI integration to automate deployment process.  • Created a custom, responsive web application using bootstrap to replace a legacy line-of-business web application with the help of controllers and modules.  • involved in providing pseudo application level code to interact with API's, Web Services using AJAX,JSON and XML.  • Creating Front- end Applications using HTML,CSS and JavaScript.  • Used CSS3 media queries to achieve the responsiveness of the user interface.  • CSS precompilers such as SASS/Compass.  • developed on demand, combo andcompression server using Node.js.  • Successfully executed the entire test cases and fixed any bugs/issues identified during the test cycles.  • Developed and implemented UI controls and APIs with ExtJS.  • Advanced Javascript experience with working knowledge of framework React .js.  • Worked with teams where requirements are constantly being implemented, testing, debugging and deploying.  • Used SVN for version control.    Environment: - JavaScript, HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, SASS, jQuery, AngularJS, Node.js, Bootstrap, Windows, Agile SCRUM Methodology, Internet Explorer, Firefox, Chrome, Windows, Safari, Eclipse, and SVN. Web Applications Developer University of washington - Seattle, WA November 2013 to August 2015 Responsibilities:-  • Creating Front- end Applications using HTML, CSS and JavaScript.  • Worked closely with other senior developers, product managers, system architects, and the QA team to deliver optimal designs and software to meet and exceed expectations.  • Elegant implementation of page designs in standards-compliant HTML and CSS.  • Working directly with Clients/POs to design and develop elegant solutions.  • Tested cross-browsers compatibility on a range of projects.  • Created rapid prototypes of interfaces to be used as blueprints for technical development.    Environment: - JavaScript, HTML, CSS Agile SCRUM Methodology. Education Master's Skills Microsoft visual studio, Visual studio, Application server, Git, Html, Javascript, Bootstrap, Typescript, Json, Svn, Xml, Angularjs, Html5, Sass, Ajax, Css, Tomcat, Version control, Database, Sql server Additional Information Technical Skills:-  Web Technologies HTML, HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, AJAX, JSON, XML, Bootstrap, AngularJS/Angular v2/v4, Typescript, SASS, LESS, Jasmine, Karma.  Language JavaScript, Java  IDE & Editors Notepad++, Microsoft Visual Studio Code, Eclipse IDE, Sublime Text 2, IntelliJ and WebStorm.  Application Server Apache, Tomcat,  Database SQL Server, MongoDB.  Operating Syatem Windows 10, Mac OS  Version Control GIT, SVN  Other Tools MS Office, Firebug, Chrome developers Tool, Sketch, Mockup