Web APP Developer Web APP <span class="hl">Developer</span> Web APP Developer Edison, NJ Proficient in building Web Applications with mainstream technologies (HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Angular JS,  Node.js, and Bootstrap).  A resourceful, self-motivated team player with communication proficiency, effective in problem-solving and  decision-making.    Skill Stack  Front- End: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, Database: SQL, MongoDB  AngularJS, Bootstrap Testing: Jasmine, Karma  Back- End: Node.js Others: Agile, GIT, Gulp, Grunt, Bower Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Web APP Developer LovelyKids Vitamins, Omiracle Inc - Arcadia, CA October 2016 to December 2017 Developed a comprehensive B2B services roadmap product with features and capabilities specifications,  partners and platforms intercept.  Responsible for creating an efficient design and developing user interface using HTML5, CSS3, and  JavaScript.  Worked with grunt as task runner, Bower as package manager.  Integrated websites with various eCommerce tracking features, including features from Google Analytics.  Provided maintenance, bug fixes and developed patch sets for existing web applications. Front End Web Developer Marlabs Inc March 2016 to September 2016 Designed dynamic and browser compatible single page applications using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript,  Bootstrap, AngularJS and Node.js.  Used JavaScript and AngularJS to create Controllers to handle events triggered by clients and send requests  back to the server.  Worked with AngularJS Forms, Validations, Modules, Factory Services, DOM, Events, Expressions, Directives,  Controllers, Filters.  Used AngularJS form validation and used AJAX to send the form data to the server in JSON format.  Worked with the team in Agile Methodology and Test Driven Development and used Git for version control. Front End Developer China Resources Co Ltd - Beijing, CN June 2013 to December 2013 Beijing, China  Developed a website with an extensive use of HTML5 and CSS3.  Designed user-friendly UI with JavaScript, JQuery, AJAX. Consumed JSON for storing and exchanging  information between browsers and servers.  Used Git for project management and version control. Education Master of Engineer in Electrical Engineering University of New Haven - West Haven, CT January 2016 Bachelor of Engineer Beijing Institute of Technology - Beijing, CN June 2013