FRONT END DEVELOPER <span class="hl">FRONT</span> <span class="hl">END</span> <span class="hl">DEVELOPER</span> FRONT END DEVELOPER - WEBMD, MEDSCAPE Brooklyn, NY I am seeking a full-time, permanent front end development role in the electronic commerce industry with the objective of advancing to a MERN full stack developer. Work Experience FRONT END DEVELOPER WEBMD, MEDSCAPE - New York, NY May 2018 to Present • Responsible for designing, developing and maintaining complex web applications for the Professional website, with limited supervision from technical leads.  • Create cross-browser, fully functional web pages using HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript, while adhering to accessibility and W3C web standards.  • Build ten to fifteen websites per month along with providing edits for twenty to thirty other pharmaceutical ad products, such as banner ads and minisites.  • The development team consists of fifteen developers, one that solely works remote and one in the UK.  • The team supports around twenty-five account managers, completed 725 projects and generated $69MM in 2018.  • The role is 90% front end and 10% back end. DEVELOPER AND DATABASE ENGINEER VERISK ANALYTICS - Jersey City, NJ September 2016 to December 2017 • Provided CMS template, module and component, and HTML5 site support to web team of five developers for nine websites including the main website, which gets 600k visitors a month, for an international data analytics company.  • Primarily used JIRA for supporting the test, staging and production level of Verisk.com websites. The websites were both internal and external facing websites.  • Maintained PHP MySQL database and server files using SQLyog, Microsoft Workbench, WinSCP, FileZilla, WAMP, and phpmyadmin, creating Joomla, WordPress and full site backups for reuse.  • Formulated various spreadsheets and word documents outlining PHP, WordPress, Joomla and Joomla Plugin security vulnerabilities and analyzing changelogs for upgrades.  • Liaison between marketing, corporate systems, proxy, cloud and security departments. Calendared and facilitated meetings between DevOps, AWS, Security and Corporate Marketing and Development.  • Developed departmental application architectural diagram that outlined the internal and external communication between software and hardware supported by Corporate Systems. Created with Microsoft Visio.  • This role was 70% back end administration and 30% front end integration. FRONT END DEVELOPER ZERVE, INC - New York, NY June 2013 to March 2016 • Integration of ecommerce ticketing buttons, links, and SEO meta into clients' various web platforms such as WordPress, Joomla, Magento, and responsive Bootstrap sites. This includes exposure to and manipulation of WooCommerce, PayPal and other theme-specific shopping carts.  • Converted Photoshop comps to optimized HTML/HTML5, CSS, JavaScript and jQuery for five to nine account managers nationally. The solutions created were cross-browser, fully functional web pages that adhered to accessibility and W3C web standards.  • Consultation to the account managers was needed as well to determine the feasibility and functionality of the comps.  • Generated monthly minimum $5,000 worth of conversions for seller activities by integrating twenty to twenty-five sites per month.  • Gained experience coding for bilingual websites (English and Spanish).  • Inspected HTML, CSS, JavaScript, XML and JSON to debug client websites.  • This role was 80% front end development and 20% back end maintenance. Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Science in Computer Science Morehouse College - Atlanta, GA Skills HTML 5 (6 years), CSS3 (6 years), Javascript (4 years) Links https://github.com/rsolomonjr http://rodneysolomonjr.net