Web Developer (UI) Web <span class="hl">Developer</span> (UI) Web Developer (UI) - T-MOBILE • 3 years of experience in User Interface Design and development for Web Based applications.  • Experienced in developing web applications and interactive software products using HTML, HTML5, CSS2/3, JAVASCRIPT, JSP, jQuery, JQuery UI, AJAX, and JSON.  • Commendable Knowledge in developing Responsive Web Design to target Tablets, Mobiles and desktops.  • Good amount of Experience with browser testing, cross-browser compatibility, and cross-platform compatibility.  • Good Experience in working with Firebug for Mozilla and IE Developer Toolbar for Internet Explorer, Web Inspector for Safari, Developer Toolbar for Chrome.  • Experienced working on consuming RESTful services to fetch and post data with backend systems.  • Written various methods to manipulate HTML, CSS in jQuery as well as making the pages dynamic using AJAX, JSON and XML.  • Implemented Presentation layer using CSS Framework, Backbone.js, Angular.js, Knockout.js, Wire framing, HTML5.  • Experience in Object Oriented Programming, architecting scalable platform.  • Experience in usingBackbone.js as an MVC pattern and used Require.js for AMD loading.  • Strong knowledge of Handlebars.js to create templates in views for SPA.  • Used templating libraries like Handlebar.js to create html templates that could be re-used across the application.  • Experience in using Java Server Pages for creating dynamic web pages to read or write from session object.  • Developed websites using JavaScript frameworks such as Angular.js and Node.js.  • Expertise in solving Cross Browser compatibility problems using MODERNIZR, CSSPie.  • Experience in CSS preprocessors such as SASS, SUSY and Compass.  • Experience in creating unit test suites using Jasmine.  • Experience with SVN Source Control and GIT for code management.  • Designed dynamic client-side jQuery to build web forms and simulate process for web application and form validation.  • Experienced in writing database queries, tables, stored procedures and triggers using database like SQL and Oracle.  • Excellent interpersonal abilities, communication skills, time management and Team skills with an intention to work hard to meet project deadlines.  • Solid knowledge of SDLC - AGILE SCRUM and WATERFALL methodologies. Work Experience Web Developer (UI) T-MOBILE - Seattle, WA March 2016 to Present Project Name: TMO-NEXT Gen    Description:  T-mobile is a devoted to develop, nurture and embrace customer driven relationships. This application deals with building a visualization framework which is a US market developed enhancement of Macy's project to integrate third party JavaScript open source or low cost visualization libraries into business intelligence (BI) platform micro strategy (MSTR), visualization framework uses the MSTR out of box (OOTB) approved plugin architecture. This framework aims on converting MSTR objects into industry standard JSON objects and removing MSTR rendered objects staring with a blank slate.    Responsibilities:  • Participated with end users and business analyst to understand the business requirements.  • Developed, enhanced and modified various widgets using several third party libraries like DataTables, KendoGrid.UI, Highcharts.  • Involved in adding new features to the existing libraries like Go.js and DataTables.  • Participated in Sprint Planning meetings, stand-ups and Retrospectives for every iteration involved.  • Contributed in developing the custom visualization framework for T-mobile.  • Had done thorough benchmark analysis to discover the significant web libraries would suffice the need for the required features and functionalities to build the widgets in the application.  • Enhanced user experience by designing new web features using JavaScript MVC framework like Angular.js,  • Worked upon the dashboard for the project which contained a variety of charts and graphical components using jQuery UI Library.  • Developed responsive webpages using Twitter Bootstrap so it would render similar across all browsers and devices.  • Used JSON to fetch the data from Web Services.  • Responsible in software integration by collaborating with software developers.  • Utilized Modernizr extensively to build HTML5/CSS3 based page layouts that are cross-browser compatible and standards-compliant.  • Involved in debugging and troubleshooting existing code using Firebug and Developer Tools.  • Well experienced in using Subversion.  • Contributed in fixing Front- End issues with the layouts while tracking them in Target Process.  • Participated in Code review and Quality Assurance.  • Responsible to work closely with QA team to reproduce the bugs and made sure application worked across all the browsers IE 9 and up, Chrome.  Environment:  HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, JSON, GoJS.net, Highcharts, DataTables, Firebug, Modernizr, JSFiddle, Notepad++, SVN, Modernizr, Node.js, Angular.js, Target Process, Twitter Bootstrap. Front End Developer AETNA - Hartford, CT August 2015 to December 2015 Project Name: FlightTracker    Description:  Aetna is a U.S. medical insurance services mutual holding organization which offers individual life insurance, disability and Long-term care. This application supports the plans and/or policies of retirement services' participants and individual's policy holders. This is a secure site, which requires the participant or policy holder to login. Upon login, the participant/policy holder has access to information regarding all his plans and policies. Features vary across plans and policies, but a sampling of web site functions include checking the performance of plans and policies, changing investment options, transferring money between investment options and changing personal information. The application was implemented in 2000.    Responsibilities:  • Responsible for gathering the requirements doing the analysis and formulating the requirements specifications with the consistent inputs/requirements.  • Worked closely with cross-functional teams as a part of Agile environment.  • Involved in the complete development, testing and maintenance process of the application  • Managing the web application through Node.js, npm, Git, grunt, notepad++ editor.  • Developing a web portal application utilizing Node.js, Backbone.js, Handlebars.  • Implemented those features in a scalable, maintainable, and operationally fit fashion.  • Experienced in using CSS preprocessors such as LESS CSS to generate the smarter CSS for the web application. Setup framework for all current and future front- end projects to use JQuery, Backbone.js, Handlebars.js, and used Marionette.js.  • Designed and developed the application to be responsive for desktop, mobile and tablets using Twitter Bootstrap (HTML5, CSS, and JavaScript).  • Created form validations using HTML5, JavaScript.  • Worked on writing unit tests using Jasmine to ensure those features work as designed.  • Design and implement highly interactive and responsive interfaces in X platform.  • Assisting in the content development, documentation, and quality assurance of web solutions, working with Senior Information Architects to define site functionality, navigation, interaction, site architecture scheme and data flow, and supporting user research and usability test plans.  • Responsible for debugging and troubleshooting existing code using Firebug and Developer Tools.  • Involved in fixing Front- End issues with the layouts.  • Performed User acceptance testing to verify whether a solution works from business point of view and end users.    Environment:  HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Backbone.js, Node.js, Handlebar, Jasmine, Firebug, Modernizr, YSlow, Notepad++, GitHub, JIRA. Front End Developer COGNIZANT - Chennai, Tamil Nadu January 2013 to July 2014 Project Name: Digital Pharmacy Health    Description:  Cognizant is the largest drug retailing chain in the United States which provides access to consumer goods and services, plus pharmacy, photo studio, health and wellness services. This project deals with adding enhancements to existing RX pages using angular.js framework. We have taken the existing web pages as a reference and added new features to make it more appealing and flexible to the end user.    Responsibilities:  • Setup documentation and style guide for advertiser dashboard using Github wiki Pages.  • Converted Wireframes and Mock-ups into pixel perfect HTML and CSS pages.  • Develop user-centered design methodology, direct overall Web UI design and usability strategies (e.g., oversee all Web UI designs, specs, and standards; coordinate all Web UI design and usability dependencies).  • Actively used XML (documents and transformations) for creating templates with dynamic data from XML file.  • Extensively used/modified JavaScript, jQuery to perform service calls for creating interactive web pages on JSON response.  • Expertise in using XML/JSON and AJAX to link with back- end applications.  • Worked with backend developers to convert HTML/CSS non-functional pages into dynamic JSP pages.  • Used MVC Angular.js framework to develop the application.  • Involved in debugging and troubleshooting existing code using Firebug and Developer Tools.  • Worked with Cross Browser Compatibility issues and Optimization for web, including CSS Sprites and best practices.  • Well experienced in using version control systems subversion (SVN)  • Participated in code enhancement and bug fixes.    Environment:  HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQUERY, Angular.js, AJAX, XML, Modernizr, Notepad++, SVN. Education Masters in Computer Science University of central missouri December 2015 B.Tech in Computer Science and Engineering Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University - Kakinada, Andhra Pradesh May 2013 Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS    Web Technologies: HTML4/5, CSS2/3, JavaScript, JQUERY, JSON, AJAX, XML  Mobile Web Skills: Responsive Design, Twitter Bootstrap  Developer Tools: Eclipse IDE, IntelliJ, SubLime, Firebug, Dev tools, Fiddler, SVN, Perforce, GIT, MS Office, JIRA, Target Process  Backend Technologies: Java, JSP, Oracle, MS SQL Server  Development Frameworks: CSS: SASS, SUSY,COMPASS, MODERNIZR, CSS3 Pie  HTML: HTML5 Shiv.js, respond.js  JS: Backbone.js, Handlebars, Require.js, Angular.js  Application Servers: Apache Tomcat, Web Logic  Browser: IE 7 & up, Firefox, Opera, Chrome, Safari    GRADUATE WORK EXPERIENCE    Graduate Teaching Assistant Jan 2015 - May 2015  Course Assigned:. Web Development  • Worked with the team to develop web pages using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and database using SQL Server for the school project ExpertDB.  • Involved in teaching Web Application Development course to undergraduate students which mainly deals with HTML, CSS and JavaScript Programming. Also helped in conducting weekly lab sessions and programming related to the course.    Graduate Teaching Assistant sep 2014 - Dec 2014  Course Assigned: Software Development  • Involved in teaching the above mentioned course to undergraduate students which mainly deals with HTML, CSS and JavaScript Basics, Version control systems, Agile Development and Unit Testing.  • Involved in monitoring lab exams, grading and drafting student's performance.