Front End UI Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End UI Developer Fremont, CA Work Experience Front End UI Developer USAA - San Antonio, TX June 2016 to January 2018 Description: The United Services Automobile Association (USAA) is a Texas-based Fortune 500 diversified financial services group of companies including a Texas Department of Insurance regulated reciprocal inter-insurance exchange and subsidiaries offering banking, investing, and insurance to people and families that serve, or served, in the United States Military.  Responsibilities:  • Involved in development of User Interface using HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript(ES6), JSON, Node.JS and React.JS.  • Develop various screens for the front end using React.JS and used various predefined components from NPM (Node Package Manager) and Redux library.  • Implement the JavaScript/jQuery frameworks such as React.JS, Node.JS for MVC framework.  • Gather requirements for all new way interact to members in Conversation flow.  • Build infrastructure components for the chat with configurations and sections.  • Managed and implemented all codes changes via GIT.  • Works with Adaptive web-designing and developing CSS Media Queries in order to make the application compatible with iPad (Landscape and Portrait) and PC.  • Design, develop and test jQuery and React.JS that meets accessibility and web browser standards for website.  • Extensively used React.JS for retrieving data from the RESTFUL web services  • Solid understanding of React Virtual Dom Algorithm for React performance optimization.  • Using JavaScript, jQuery for user interactions in pages. Creating a Responsive web application integrating Twitter Bootstrap with React JS and media queries.  • Integrate with rest services using AXIOS API.  • Add features to modify goal details and achieve the goal on time.  • Worked on Agile design methodology.  Environment: ReactJS, Node JS, JQuery, Redux, Axios, CSS3, JSON, Restful, GIT, Web Storm, Chai, Mocha. Front- End UI Developer Verizon Wireless - St. Louis, MO August 2015 to May 2016 Description: Verizon Communications Inc., incorporated on October 7, 1983, is a holding company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, provides communications, information and entertainment products and services to consumers, businesses and governmental agencies. Its segments include Wireless and Wireline. The Wireless segment offers communications products and services, including wireless voice and data services and equipment sales, to consumer, business and government customers across the United States.    Responsibilities:  • Worked in a team, Involved in developing the Java, UI layout and front- end programming (HTML) for web application that matches requirements.  • Develop various screens for the front end using React JS and used various predefined components from NPM (Node Package Manager) and Redux library.  • Extensively involved in design discussions and user experience sessions to provide inputs on the layout and UX.  • Designed the front- end applications, user interactive (UI) web pages using web technologies like HTML, XHTML, and CSS3.  • Developed non-functional HTML, CSS pages from the mock ups and involved in UI review with UI architect and Business Units.  • Developed responsive web pages using Bootstrap and CSS3 media queries.  • Implementing client side Interface using React JS.  • Used advanced level of HTML5, JavaScript, CSS3 and pure CSS layouts.  • Converted the mock-ups into hand-written HTML/HTML5, CSS (2/3), XHTML, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, XML and JSON.  • Excellent Coordination in project activities and ensure that all project phases are followed and documented properly.  • Improved user experience by designing and creating new web components and features  • Worked with AngularJS for creating own HTML elements for building a very companied Web site which is an open Source Project  • Worked with Bootstrap for compiling CSS, JavaScript and building the System with the convenient methods with AngularJS  • Developed tableless HTML (DIV and SPAN) in a DOM based architecture.  • Responsible for the overall layout design, color scheme of the web site using HTML, XHTML, and CSS3.  • Handling cross browser/platform compatibility issues (IE, Firefox, and Safari) on both Windows.  • Managed application state using server and client-based State Management options.  • Coded JavaScript for page functionality and Light box Plug-in using Jquery.    Environment: HTML5/4, CSS3, JavaScript v1.8, jQuery, Bootstrap, React JS, React JS, AJAX, JSON, Node.js, backbone.js v1.3.3, JIRA, Web Services, Eclipse and Dreamweaver. UI Developer Syntel - IN June 2013 to November 2014 Responsibilities:  • Closely worked with business system analyst to understand the requirements to ensure that right set of UI modules been built.  • Wrote application level code to perform client side validation using jQuery and JavaScript.  • Designed the front- end applications, user interactive (UI) web pages using web technologies like HTML, XHTML, and CSS.  • Involved in writing application level code to interact with APIs, Web Services using AJAX, JSON.  • Designed and developed intranet web applications using JavaScript and CSS.  • Interacted with java controllers (jQuery, Ajax, and JSON to write/read data from back end systems).  • Maintain, enhance, and recommend solutions that best suit business and technology needs from UI standpoint.  • Creating cross-browser compatible and standards-compliant CSS-based page layouts.  • Strong communication, analytical and interpersonal skills working within cross-functional teams.  • Worked on cross browser compatibility issues and fix the bugs pertaining to various browsers.    Environment: HTML, XHTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, JSON. Education M.S. in Computer Science in Computer Science University Of Central Missouri 2015 to 2016 Skills AJAX (2 years), HTML (3 years), JavaScript (3 years), jQuery (3 years), JSON (3 years) Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  Web Technologies HTML/HTML5, CSS2/CSS3, JavaScript, AJAX, jQuery, JSON, React.JS.  JavaScript Libraries jQuery, AngularJS, Node.js, React.JS.  IDE & Tools Aptana Studio, Notepad++, Sublime Text, Adobe Dreamweaver  Version Control SVN and GIT  Debugging Tools Firebug, Chrome Developer toolbar, IE Developer Toolbar,  Operating System Windows 98/2000/XP/Vista/7/8, MAC OS X