Outsystems Developer Outsystems <span class="hl">Developer</span> Outsystems Developer - Sealed Air Corporation • Front End Web Developer with 3 Years of experience in structuring, Developing & implementing Interactive Websites.  • Extensive Experience with all stages of Software Development Life Cycle models like Waterfall, Agile and Scrum methodologies.  • Experience in working single handedly directly with the client and OutSystems Core Team.  • Experience working on front end Design and Development using JavaScript, JSON, jQuery, AJAX, HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, XML, Angular 4, Sencha EXTJS.  • Have a good understanding on design patterns such as MVC (Model View Controller).  • Experience in DOM (Document Object Model) to use in interacting with objects in HTML, XHTML and XML documents.  • Used JSON to load data into JQUERY data grid.  • Used jQuery to make the HTML and CSS code interact with the JavaScript functions to add dynamism to the web pages at the client side  • Exposure in source control with GitHub.  • Experience with AWS, S3, CloudWatch.  • Experience working in a cross functional team environment and working on complex projects.  • Good analytical and communication skills coupled with a proactive attitude with good team spirit.  • Able to complete Projects Efficiently and satisfy Customers with Attractive and user-friendly Websites.  • Zeal to drive with Passion to learn and build skills with contributing to the company's growth. Work Experience Outsystems Developer Sealed Air Corporation - Charlotte, NC May 2018 to Present Responsibilities:  • Provided full-stack Outsystems development for Smart Factory Applications and hand in hand with a global team in Portugal.  • Actively worked in the Agile Methodology which involves day to day scrum meetings and Sprint refinements and Sprint Deliverable meetings.  • Worked on Stored procedures, Views and implemented joins on multiple tables and created functions.  • Experience in working single handedly directly with the client and OutSystems Core Team.  • Worked on all phases of software development life cycle starting from requirement gathering till delivery.  • Used different types of custom extensions from Forge component in OutSystems.  • Worked on Developing Entity model and relations.  • Developed Web Pages based on the entities and UI/UX models.  • Used different types widgets for the development of the web pages and worked on doing changes to the existing code.  • Worked on creating server actions for the reusability of the code.  • Worked actively with the team during the first version of deployment of code.  • Responsible for Ongoing development in the Smart Factory Applications.  • Worked on Web based languages like HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript and jQuery.  • Designed webpages by using CSS3 for best customer experience possible.  • Used JavaScript and jQuery to upgrade the designs and functionalities of website.  • Worked on understanding business terms and concepts and relay that in detail to development.  • Ability to provide Transparency and to establish trust and supportive relationships.  • Ability to work well under stress. Strong analytical skills. Ability to multi-task.  • Involved in Production Support and foreseeing the Potential Issues, doing hot fixes and escalating to the higher levels.  • Worked on designing the components for the project within the platform.  Environment: OutSystems, OutSystems Service Studio HTML5, CSS3, BOOTSTRAP, JSON, JavaScript, SQL. Front End Web Developer Arka Technologies - Miami, FL May 2017 to April 2018 Responsibilities:  • Involved in various phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), followed agile methodology for the development of the application.  • Designed Front- end of the portal using JavaScript framework Angular4.  • Developed Custom Directives that are used throughout the portal.  • Designed UI elements with respect to BOOTSTRAP GRID SYSTEM.  • Used OAuth 2.0 for authentication and authorization for the application.  • Used JSON for data interchange and to get images changing the media type on API layer.  • Used Postgre SQL for storing data and displaying that content on Front- end of the portal.  • Experience in writing Unit-test cases using Karma (Jasmine framework) and did end-to- end testing using protractor with selenium.  • Created Cloud Formation Templates to snip-up EC2 instances and used them for hosting the application on AWS. Used SNS, Cloud Watch for setting up alarms, S3 Bucket for storing files on AWS.  • Used GitHub as a Version Control System to maintain the update.  • Involved in Production Support and foreseeing the Potential Issues, doing hot fixes and escalating to the higher levels.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, SASS, JavaScript, Angular4, Bootstrap, JSON, Git, Jasmine, Karma, Visual Studio, Apache Tomcat, Eclipse, Oracle, JAVA, JIRA. Front End Web Developer Netlink January 2015 to December 2015 Bhopal  Responsibilities:  • Involved in various phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), followed agile methodology for the development of the application.  • Designed Front- end of the portal using JavaScript framework EXTJS with Sencha.  • Handled Ext JS AJAX request and response using JavaScript and JSON.  • Developed Out of box EXT JS Custom Components, Layouts and plugins inside Grid systems. Also used Twitter Bootstrap CSS for custom design pages.  • Written Ajax driven JSON consuming JavaScript functions to save User selections such as radio button, drop-down menu selections into a cookie.  • Used GitHub as a Version Control System to maintain the update.  • Involved in project deployment using Jenkins and using web services like Amazon Web Services EC2, AWS S3, Cloud Watch.  • Designed and developed the database tables and Stored Procedures, functions, triggers using SQL, PL/SQL.  • Involved in production support, monitoring server and error logs and Foreseeing the Potential Issues, and escalating to the higher levels.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Bootstrap, JSON, Sencha EXTJS 5.0, Git, Agile, AWS, S3, WebStorm, PL/SQL, Kanban.  Academic Experience  Website Creation  • Allow users to order three types of products (ice-cream, milk shake and floats)  • Four different flavors of ice-cream, two serving vessels and two different flavors of soda.  • User can order only one of the three products at a time.    Design and Implementation of Advanced Encryption Standard (AES)  • This Project presents a high speed, fully pipelined FPGA implementation of AES Encryption.  • The main aim of our project is to provide security for data by doing encryption while sending the data and decrypting the data on receiver side. Education Master's in computer science in computer science University of Central Missouri - Warrensburg, MO May 2017 Bachelor's in Electronics and Communication Engineering in Electronics and Communication Engineering Vignana Bharathi Institute of Technology - Hyderabad, Telangana May 2015 Skills .net (1 year), Ajax (Less than 1 year), Bootstrap (3 years), Eclipse (1 year), Html5 (3 years), Java (1 year), Javascript (3 years), jquery. (1 year), Json (3 years), Linux (Less than 1 year), Model view controller (Less than 1 year), Model-view-controller (Less than 1 year), Mvc (Less than 1 year), Outsystems (1 year), Sass (1 year), Scripting (Less than 1 year), Sdlc (1 year), Sencha. (Less than 1 year), Unix (1 year), Visual studio (1 year) Additional Information Technical Skills    Web Technologies HTML5, XHTML, DHML, LESS, SASS, Bootstrap, JavaScript, jQuery, Angular JS, Angular 4, JSON, AJAX, XML, Sencha EXTJS.  Programming and Scripting languages C, MVC Framework, JAVA.    Operating Systems Unix, Linux, Windows.  Tools Chrome Developer Tools, GitHub, Outsystems.  IDE Sublime Text, Notepad++, Brackets, Eclipse, Code Pen, Visual Studio, Webstorm, Outsystems Visual Studio.  Others SDLC/Waterfall Model, SCRUM/Agile Methodology.