Front End Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End Developer - Port of Hood River ? 3+ years of extensive experience as a highly skilled Front- End Developer with web applications based on HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Ajax, XML, Bootstrap, AngularJS.  ? Extensive experience using JavaScript MVC frameworks like AngularJS and strong knowledge on node.js.  ? Experience on handling response data from Restful web services using XML, JSON and jQuery to update UI.  ? Skilled on programming Single Page Applications using AngularJS.  ? Significant experience in Responsive Web Design using Bootstrap.  ? Implemented various Validation Controls for form validation and implemented custom validation controls using Object Oriented JavaScript.  ? Handled Browser compatibility issues in HTML5, CSS3 and Java Script for IE, Firefox and Chrome browsers using Modernizr.  ? Strong understanding of SQL, PL/SQL relational databases and MongoDB.  ? Performed UNIT testing with Jasmine and Karma.  ? Experienced using Java/J2EE technologies such as Core Java, JDBC, Servlets and JSP  ? Strong experience in implementing MVC framework like Struts, Spring and ORM tools like Hibernate in J2EE architecture.  ? Experience in developing web pages in Responsive Design using Bootstrap and adapt to the changing environment.  ? Involved in SCRUM meetings to keep track of the ongoing project status and issues. Experience with test-driven development and Agile programming.  ? Well versed with Software Development Life Cycle process which includes designing, developing, testing and implementation.  ? Experience in using Git and SVN.  ? Ability to interact with end users, self-motivated, quick learner & Team player with good analytical skills and ability to manage multiple tasks with changing priorities & deadline. Work Experience Front End Developer Port of Hood River - Hood River, OR May 2016 to Present Responsibilities:  This project is aimed at developing a product called ETBOS which provides an advanced technology platform to provide a comprehensive suite of application software addressing complete end-to- end life cycle of Electronic Toll Collection systems operations and management. The Platform will cater to all application solutions required for Toll Collections operations, provide customer service and ability to enforce and process toll evasion.  Role & Responsibility:  ? Involved in the development of the J2E based product ETBOS (Enterprise Toll Back Office System).  ? Worked in the agile environment following Scrum, Sprint and daily stand up calls.  ? Involved in all the phases of SDLC.  ? Responsible for gathering and analyzing requirements and converting them into technical specifications.  ? Created Sequence and class diagrams using MS Visio  ? Worked as a front end developer in UI team where I used HTML, CSS, Angular JS, Bootstrap JS, JSON.  ? Design and develop webpages components to improve user experience and features using HTML, Bootstrap, CSS, JavaScript.  ? Used Bootstrap and CSS3 to create a responsive website that fit all devices from desktop to tablet and mobile phone and for styling the webpages.  ? Used AngularJS as framework to create a Single Page Application (SPA).  ? Used log4j to log all error messages of application along with debugging purposes.  ? Prepared build with the help of Maven.  ? Used SVN for version controlling, and installed the SVN, created repositories and also created SVN-users for the team.  ? Written test cases using JUnit.  ? Used MS Visio and Dreamweaver for web application development.  ? Involved in the design and development of database schema and entity relationship diagrams.  ? Designed and Developed Stored Procedures in Oracle and PostgreSQL to cater the needs for the entire application.  ? Involved in the setup and configuration of JBoss middleware servers, Postgres Sql in the development center.  ? Deployed the initial release and performed smoke tests.  ? Seen to the successful deployment of the recurring releases.  ? Created Architecture diagrams, component diagrams and logical to physical diagrams using MS Visio.  ? Had to collaborate with various off-shore teams in different locations.    Environment: Java, Eclipse, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Angular JS, Bootstrap JS, Hibernate, Spring, JUnit, JBoss middleware Servers, Active MQ, Jasper Report Server, Postgres SQL, Apache Maven, Log4j. Front End Web Developer Xerox - Webster, NY March 2015 to March 2016 Description:  Project Title: E-Commerce Application for Xerox Clients  Xerox Corporation offers a broad range of services, solutions, software and is a leader in document technologies, products, services which helps to improve business process and results.  Worked with multiple e-commerce web applications which ensure seamless workflow for sales process, accurate product and part details, accurate inventories and order management. It also has features for up sells, discounts based on customer purchase amount and promo codes.    Responsibilities:  ? Developed web pages for the applications using HTML5, CSS3, AngularJS, Bootstrap 4.0.2, JavaScript and JSON.  ? Developed Single Page Applications for products display module using AngularJS  ? Extensively used AngularJS Filters for filtering and sorting, and controllers to manipulate text within HTML views.  ? Responsive Web Design using responsive image and shape classes from Bootstrap, Also used other bootstrap classes and custom classes to design scalable navigation bars.  ? Consumed RESTful services through Angular factory service calls from front end.  ? Used CSS3 to develop Rich UI Components such as Accordions and Modal Windows using pure HTML 5 and CSS3.  ? Applied jQuery AutoComplete to improve the searching and filtering  ? Used Java coding for reusability and ease of maintenance.  ? Used JSP 2.2 framework along with HTML5, CSS, jQuery 2.0, JavaScript and Maven 2.0 to construct dynamic web pages.  ? Performed UNIT testing with Jasmine and Karma.  ? Implemented various Validation Controls for form validation and implemented custom validation controls using Object Oriented JavaScript.  ? Accessed and interacted with MongoDB from Node.js JavaScript code.  ? Used Modernizr to fix cross browser compatibility issues.  ? Participate in Agile methodology using SCRUM  ? Optimized the page load time for the pages that had heavy traffic and improvised those pages using external CSS files and Minification process.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, AngularJS, Bootstrap 4.0.2, JSON, REST Web Services, jQuery, Jasmine, Karma, node.js, Mongo DB, JSP 2.2, RWD, Maven2.0, Eclipse, Java 7 HTML Developer Film Flower Media Solutions (India) January 2012 to February 2014 Roles & responsibilities  ? Developed web pages using HTML and CSS.  ? Extensively used AngularJS Filters for filtering and sorting, and controllers to manipulate text within HTML views.  ? Communicated with back- end developers, system engineers and web designers to receive data needed for development.  ? Interacted and coordinated with technical teams and creative designers to integrate front- end design with back- end technology.  ? Implemented various Validation Controls for form validation and implemented custom validation controls using Object Oriented JavaScript.  ? Debugged and made changes to already existing code written by previous developers.  ? Executing Tests and analysing results as per client requirements    Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JSP, JDBC, SQL, Servlets, Java, JUnit, Eclipse Additional Information Technical Skills:    Web Development:  HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, PHP, JSON, JDBC, AJAX, XML, XHTML, DHTML, AngularJS, Angular-formly, BackboneJS, Node JS, Bootstrap.    Databases: MySQL, Oracle 10g/11g, SQL Server 2005/2008/2012, DB2  Programming Languages: C, C++, C#, JavaScript, SQL, Java.    Operating Systems: Windows, Linux, Unix  Software Tools: Microsoft Visual Studio, Photoshop, Dreamweaver, Sublime Text 2, Web Storm.  IDEs worked on: Notepad++, Visual Studio, Eclipse, NetBeans, Edit Plus, Adobe Photoshop, Dreamweaver.  Application Servers: Apache Tomcat, Web Logic, Web Sphere.