Front End Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End Developer Irving, TX ? 3+ years of overall experience in Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) in developing and designing user experiences of Internet/Intranet applications using HTML4.0/5, CSS2/3, XTHML, XML, JAVASCRIPT, JQUERY, JSON and AJAX meeting W3C standards.  ? Expert in creating Templates, Mockups, and Prototypes, Web Interfaces, Layouts and Flow of future pages.  ? Good knowledge in Twitter Bootstrap and Responsive Design.  ? Excellent working knowledge and thorough exposure on compatibility issues with different versions of browsers like Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Safari and Google Chrome.  ? Good Knowledge on how to implement the User-centered design (UCD) methodology.  ? Experience in using the JavaScript frameworks Jquery, Angular.js, RequireJs & Twitter Bootstrap.  ? Experience with CSS Preprocessors (LESS or SASS).  ? Very good experience in Document Object Model (DOM) and functions.  ? Knowledge in developing web pages complying with web content accessibility guidelines (WCAG) applying W3C web standards.  ? Experience on working with CSS SMACSS, Layouts, Positioning, Text, Border, Padding, Pseudo Classes, Elements and CSS behaviors in CSS.  ? Expertise in client side designing and validations using HTML, HTML5 and JavaScript.  ? Good knowledge of AngularJS, BackboneJS, ReactJS, NodeJS, Responsive design.  ? Experience in architecting and development of applications in SaaS model.  ? Extensively used the JavaScript frameworks and jQuery plugins.  ? Skilled at analyzing and solving browser compatibility challenges and possesses the ability to maintain consistency and well-commented HTML and CSS markup.  ? Highly Curious about new front- end development technologies and adept at promptly and thoroughly mastering them with a keen awareness of new industry developments and the evolution of programming solutions.  ? Having Strong written and oral communication skills.  ? Efficient in working as an individual and just as outstanding as a team player. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Front End Developer Verizon - Irving, TX August 2016 to March 2017 Responsibilities:  • Validations for the Zip Code, Phone Number using the web technologies for web forms as per the client request.  • Created a Registration and the profiles for the clients using the HTML, SQL Server, XML, and jQuery.  • Built the Master page with grid view, style sheet, client-side JavaScript validation.  • Used AngularJS, JavaScript, or reusable web components.  • Re-architected, and enhanced an existing AngularJS application to follow strict MVVM/MVC patterns for improved source code maintenance  • Used jQuery to make the HTML, DHTML and CSS code interact with the JavaScript functions to add dynamism to the web pages at the client side.  • Involved in JavaScript coding for validations, and passing attributes from one screen to another.  • Involved in writing, jQuery-based Ajax requests using jQuery.get (URL, data, callback, type) or jQuery.ajax (options) and jQuery.post (URL, data, callback, type).  • Used jQuery events to manipulate the elements depends on the user interactions (like. on(), hover(), bind(), click(), keypress(), etc ).  • Applied client side validations using JavaScript and jQuery and server side validations using SQL.  • Used the basic principles of MVC to incorporate the Angular.JS to build the client-side application.  • Built HTML and CSS system for controlling text display issues cross-platform and cross-browser.  • Used Firebug, Firebug Lite, and IE Developer Toolbar for debugging and browser compatibility.  • Used CSS Blueprint to create grids and adopt cross browser interactive features.  • Created Graphic User Interface and applied to the website.  • Increased developer productivity by using efficient programming methodologies and local development.  Environment: Windows, Dreamweaver, JavaScript, HTML, DHTML, CSS, Angular JS, jQuery, AJAX, SQL, MVC. Front End Developer AT&T - Dallas, TX September 2015 to July 2016 Responsibilities:  • Designed layouts on the front- end using JavaScript, HTML4, and CSS.  • Applied client side validations using JavaScript and jQuery and server side validations using PHP.  • Utilized HTML4, CSS3, JavaScript, Jquery, and AJAX to create a customer login page.  • Used the existing HTML website and updated content to be stored on the database instead of hard coded into each page.  • Implementation of enterprise application with jQuery, AngularJS, and Spring MVC  • Added the necessary Responsive Design for display and full functionality on tablet and mobile.  • Involved in doing the login pages for the modules portfolio, bill pay using JavaScript and Jquery.  • Developed WCF services to enable effective communication between SOA.  • Validations and Integration of the Payment Details for the product using jQuery, AJAX, and JavaScript.  • Designed the GUI using AJAX, JavaScript, and CSS.  • Involved in JavaScript coding for validations, and passing attributes from one screen to another.  • Written the business layer using Object Oriented JavaScript.  • Designing of web pages using HTML and CSS.  • Designed standards-based presentation Layer using XHTML, jQuery, JavaScript and CSS for the User Interface.    Environment: HTML5, XHTML, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, AngularJS, JSON, AJAX. Web Developer University of Houston - Clear Lake, TX September 2014 to August 2015 Responsibilities:  • Applied Use Cases diagram to validate and test web application design against the UI architecture.  • Created web pages for each project using XHTML, CSS, and JavaScript.  • Responsible for transforming designed mock-ups to web pages.  • Used to update the HTML pages using JQUERY AJAX via JSON response.  • Designed web pages and used applications that meet business needs and user goals through a user experience.  • Designed and developed AJAX calls to populate screens parts on demand  • Developed Web applications that are cross - browser compatible.  • Responsible in creating the screens with the table-less design.  • Performing new-website support research in the areas of Latest Web Technologies, Usability, Accessibility, and User Experience.  • Worked closely with team members to meet the client requirement.  • Actively participated in day-to-day meeting, status meeting, strong reporting and effective communication with the project manager.    Environment: HTML4, XHTML, CSS2/3, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, JSON, JavaScript, Dreamweaver and Eclipse IDE. Education BE in Computer Science JNTU May 2013 Skills AJAX (2 years), CSS (2 years), HTML (2 years), JAVASCRIPT (2 years), jQuery (2 years) Additional Information SKILL SET:    Web Technologies  HTML, HTML 5, DHTML, Cascading Style Sheets (CSS), CSS3, CSS SMACSS, XHTML, DHTML, XML, JavaScript, Angular.JS, JQUERY, MongoDB, JSON, AJAX, ReactJs, NodeJs, BackboneJs.    Languages C, C++, C#(.NET).  IDE & Tools Notepad++, Eclipse IDE, Adobe Dreamweaver, MS PowerPoint, Brackets, Sublime Text 3, MS Excel, MS Office.  Database Oracle11g, MySQL, SQL Server  Operating Systems Windows 98, 2000, XP, Windows7/8/10, Unix, MacOS Sierra.