UI Developer UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> UI Developer • 6+ years of extensive experience as a User Interface Developer in developing web applications using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, AngularJS, DOM, JQUERY and Ajax.  • Experienced in building Single Page Application (SPA) using Angular.js, created Multiple & Nested Views, Routing, Controllers, Services and Custom Directives.  • Experience in designing websites with W3C standards using HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap to get best cross-browser user experience for long-term user retention and engagement.  • Expertise in making pages responsive design with bootstrap framework and CSS media queries, for basic and data format validation.  • Developed powerful visualization components and DOM manipulation using D3.js, React JS, Ext js.  • Experience in creating Mock-ups and Wireframes. Experience in developing applications for cross browser compatibility.  • Proficient in designing web applications and web contents utilizing various Search Engine Optimization (SEO) techniques.  • Strong Experience in database design using PL/SQL to write Stored Procedures, Functions, Triggers and strong experience in writing complex queries using Oracle, DB2, SQL Server and MySQL.  • Worked on creating Unit Test Cases for JavaScript and its frameworks using Mocha, Jasmine and Karma.  • Experience with Version Control tools like Git, Github and SVN for Source Code version management and merging Source code after intermittent Project releases.  • Good understanding of using project management tools like JIRA.  • Good experience in all phase of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) like Requirement Analysis, Implementation and Maintenance, and extensive experience with Agile and SCRUM.  • Designed and developed various applications using Agile Methodology and followed Test Driven Development (TDD) and Scrum.  • Extensive experience in developing NodeJS applications using MVC frameworks and installation of client side dependencies using Bower, Grunt, and NPM.  • Ability to handle multiple tasks and to work independently as well as in a team  • Experienced in interacting with Business and Technology groups and giving valuable inputs.  • Versatile team player and a quick learner with strong written, oral and inter-personal communication skills.  • Highly curious about new front- end development technologies and adept at promptly and thoroughly mastering them with a keen awareness of new industry developments. Work Experience UI Developer International Software Systems Inc January 2016 to August 2017 Project Description: As a UI Developer in International Software Systems, I was responsible for designing, developing, extending and maintaining our web application. Demonstrated a strong focus on software design, user experience, workflow simplicity and elegance with an emphasis on interactive, real-time experiences with a multi-cloud backend.    Responsibilities:  • Involved in SDLC Requirements gathering, Analysis, Design, Development and Testing of application developed using AGILE methodology.  • Developed non-functional HTML, CSS pages from the mock ups and involved in UI review with UI architect and Business Units.  • Worked on Angular 2.0 by consuming RESTful web services & Used Angular 2.0 forms like Template Driven forms and Reactive Model Driven forms with RxJS to perform form validations both on server side and client side.  • Created various Angular Services & injected them into Angular controllers (using Dependency Injection) to enable Ajax calls and created custom directives to create own HTML tags and induce functional behavior to those tags.  • Created complex JIRA workflows including project workflows, screen schemes, permission scheme and notification schemes in JIRA.  • Used LDAP synchronization, publishing configuration and job management related to document.  • Responsible for transforming the existing web pages to new design based on client approved layouts.  • Performed standardizing and unit testing of the webpages according to W3C's WCAG and AA standards.  • Increased performance of the website by reducing the number of HTTP requests.  • Maintained Cross Browser Compatibility & implemented Responsive Web Design using Bootstrap, CSS custom media queries, with brand appropriate styles, colors, animations and font icons etc.  • Refactored the code to reduce the redundancy and help performing better with the overall application.  • Used grunt for validation, packaging UI assets having a development and production version.  • Wrote test cases, created specs, page objects and undergone End-to- End testing for whole application using Protractor for AngularJS on Node-JS command line  • Participated in code review for better code quality.  • Used GIT version control tools to manage source control.    Environment: HTML5, CSS23, Angular 2.0, JSON, Java Script, jQuery, AJAX, Usability Testing, GIT, Agile methodology, Eclipse. Front- End Developer International Software Systems Inc September 2014 to December 2015 Project Description: My duties here at International Software Systems included working collaboratively with the team and management on designing and delivering complex cross-browser application and maintaining existing products, online tools, mobile application and account management.    Responsibilities:  • Participated in Design and development of rich web applications using cutting edge technologies and frameworks like Angular JS, Bootstrap, REST/JSON, NoSQL databases to manage physical traffic visibility and analysis and extend it into the virtual environments.  • Performed GET and POST requests in AJAX call of XML, JSON using JavaScript, jQuery.  • Used Bootstrap JavaScript plug-ins to implement Tabs, Scroll Spy, Tooltips, Pop Overs, Buttons and Alerts.  • Worked on Styling Elements dynamically with ngClass, Outputting Lists with ngFor, Attribute Directives, Understanding ngSwitch, Pipes, Interpolation, Services and Dependency Injection.  • Developed Action controllers, Action Forms, Tiles Structure, Validation Structure (for data validation), JSP pages, Form Beans, AJAX code, JavaScript and worked on integration.  • Wrote application level code to interact with the backend (Java) code using AJAX and JSON.  • Involved in writing application level code to interact with APIs, RESTful web services using AJAX, JSON.  • Written and implemented Object Oriented JavaScript throughout the site, both as in-line and imported file.  • Used GRUNT to setup a proxy for you redirecting XHR requests on your own system within the grunt connect server to another system.  • Worked with Mocha Unit Test Framework to write unit tests for JavaScript code.  • Used JQuery plug-in's like Autocomplete that enables to quickly find pre-populated list of values, for leveraging searching and filtering.  • Followed Agile methodology for the software development and used JIRA for task assignment, bug tracking and fixture.  • Ensured site design integrity and quality control consistency throughout the project's lifecycle.  • Participated in day-to-day meeting, status meeting, strong reporting and effective communication with project manager and developers.  • Created and managed all of hosted or local repositories through Source Tree's simple interface of GIT client, collaborated with GIT command lines.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, AngularJS, AJAX, Bootstrap, JSON, RESTful web services, Eclipse, Sublime Editor, JQUERY, Apache and Static Server Access, JavaScript. Front- End Developer Emorphosys Software Solutions - IN December 2012 to August 2014 Project Description: As a Front- End Developer in Emorphosys Software Solutions, I was responsible for designing, developing, extending and maintaining our website. Demonstrated a strong focus on software design, user experience, workflow simplicity and elegance with an emphasis on interactive, real-time experiences with a multi-cloud backend. Created the initial design to determine the look and feel of the website by creating Wireframes, Mockup UIs, Screen Flows and Prototypes.    Responsibilities:  • Used Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) for styling and to achieve uniformity.    • Used the functionalities for writing code in HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, JQUERY, Ajax, JSON, and Bootstrap with MySQL database as the backend.    • Used JavaScript to provide AJAX functionality to make website perform better for image loading and for dynamic loading of the web page without refreshing.    • Written Ajax driven JSON consuming JavaScript functions to save User selections such as radio button, drop-down menu selections into a cookie.    • Used JavaScript for client side scripting, which reduce server trips and decrease the response time of the web application request.    • Development workflow using task runner Grunt, package management tools BOWER, NodeJS for the server side run-time environment.    • Handled all the client side validations, slide show, hide and show controls, dropdown menus and tab navigation using JQUERY.    • Actively participated in Object Oriented Analysis Design sessions of the Project, which is based on MVC Architecture using Spring Framework.    • Followed agile software development, practiced paired programming, test driven development TTD and scrum status meetings.    • Handled server side validation through JavaScript and AJAX for asynchronous communication to validate the user input on sign up page and to improve user experience.    • Involved in daily SCRUM meetings to keep track of the on-going project status and issues using JIRA.    Environment: HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript, PHP, WordPress, JQUERY, JSON, AJAX, SVN, Eclipse, M.S Windows. Education Bachelor of Technology in Information Technology Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University - Kakinada, Andhra Pradesh Skills AJAX (4 years), HTML5 (4 years), jQuery (4 years), JSON (4 years), JAVASCRIPT (3 years) Additional Information Skills and Technologies  • Web Technologies: HTML5, XML, CSS3, jQuery, AJAX, DOM, GUI, JSON, SASS, LESS.  • Programming Languages: C, C#, Java, PHP, JavaScript, Python  • Frameworks: AngularJS, EmberJS, BackboneJS, NodeJS, Meteor  • Web Servers & Database: Apache Tomcat, Microsoft SQL Server, MySQL, Oracle 11g, DB2  • Application Servers: JBOSS4.x, IBM WebSphere, Glassfish, Apache Tomcat.