IOS & AI Developer IOS &amp; AI <span class="hl">Developer</span> IOS & AI Developer - Drexel University Philadelphia, PA Bachelor of Science, Computer Science, AI & HCI Track  • GPA: 3.81  • Honors: Dean's List - 2015 - 2019, AJ Drexel Scholarship - 2015 - 2019    Professional Crowds, Inc., Philadelphia, PA Sept 2018 - Present Work Experience IOS & AI Developer Drexel University - Philadelphia, PA September 2016 to Present IOS & AI Developer  • Oversee development and testing of Crowds, an iOS app which allows users to review the crowd level in cafes, bars, restaurants, and other public venues.  • Create machine learning models using point of sale data and regression and KNN algorithms to predict sales.    Drexel University, Philadelphia, PA Sept 2016 - Present  Teaching Assistant  • Serve as a Teaching Assistant for several Computer Science courses, including Data Structures, Web Programming, and Programming Language Concepts.  • Assist professors with lesson planning, classroom management, and student engagement; serve as a liaison between students and faculty. Conduct regular office hours to provide additional assistance to students.  • Create grading rubrics for assignments and assist in grading assignments and exams. Application Developer Perelman School of Medicine, University of Pennsylvania - Philadelphia, PA April 2018 to September 2018 Created command line interfaces, data processing pipelines, and unit tests for CaPTk, a comprehensive cancer imaging analytics suite of algorithms which derives extensive panels of quantitative imaging features and integrates the panels into diagnostic and predictive models.  Selected Achievements:  • Coordinated with data analysts and researchers to create data processing script in Python, which significantly reduced data complexity and memory consumption, and decreased processing times from days to hours.  • Reorganized legacy applications; created a continuous integration environment and re-factored outdated code to update dependencies and allow for further development. Front- End Developer Brandywine Global Investment - Philadelphia, PA May 2017 to March 2018 • Developed APIs and data extraction tools used for system inventory, DevOps automation, and batch jobs.  • Created an information portal using HTML, CSS, Javascript, and Angular to allow business teams to communicate with the development team regarding project status and project alerts.  Selected Achievements:  • Assisted in completing a time-sensitive data exploration/extraction project using NumPy and pandas libraries. Web Developer Bristol-Myers Squibb - Pennington, NJ March 2016 to September 2016 • Created user interfaces and portals for internal databases using HTML, CSS, and AngularJS to allow for a shift from manual table entries to API, which reduced bugs and time consumption.  • Created monthly and quarterly dashboards to visualize data received from the business department in Java.    Technical Programming Languages: C#, C++, C, Python, Java, Swift, JavaScript, J2EE  Skills: Databases: MySQL, DynamoDB, Redshift, MS Access, PostGRESql  Frameworks / Libraries: Node.js, Express.js, React/React Native, ASP.NET, jQuery, Angular, Bootstrap  Tools / Technologies: Git, Hibernate, Springboot, AWS, Pytorch, Visual Studio, XCode, Android Studio Education Drexel University - Philadelphia, PA 2019 Skills Visual studio, Android studio, Git, Bootstrap, Node.js Links http://linkedin.com/in/amitbhattarai