Associate Technical Consultant Associate Technical Consultant Associate Technical Consultant Chicago, IL Work Experience Associate Technical Consultant Intuit, Gap Tech, MIHS, Atmos, and UTC - Chicago, IL January 2018 to June 2019 Hired to assume full responsibility for the development of Software Application, Database Queries, Data Analysis, Integration IT Management, and Service Now Implementation.  • Played an active role in the creation and content of work products built on the ServiceNow  platform. Efforts consisted of:  o Archiving up to 160,000 documents;  o Creating a portal of UI pages for Intuit, Gap Tech, MIHS, Atmos, and UTC;  o Developing automated test framework for various conditions for ServiceNow  implementation.  o Multiple catalog items for employees to be ordered in internal web applications  utilized for client/employee usage.  o Contextual searches to display data from other knowledge articles by using  keywords;  • Drove technical operations by debugging JavaScript Code for Service Now Portal UI, which resulted in the creation of catalog items for IT Management sector for companies. Efforts  ensured a more resourceful way to order IT products and created a more efficient way to resolve  incidents. Executive Branch of the U.S. Government and how Southern Illinois University March 2017 to May 2017 Spring 2017  • Successfully designed a user interface which presented a real-time reflection of public  opinion regarding the Executive Branch of the U.S. Government and how the citizens viewed it.  Leveraged technical expertise by developing an app by using Node.js, Couch Data Base, Pouch  Data Base, and React. Tutor Southern Illinois University - Carbondale, IL October 2016 to May 2017 Directly contributed to the University's overall academic achievement by tutoring students  with special needs in various areas that consist of Information Systems Technology and Computer Science.  • Maintained daily workflow by assisting students with the proctoring of their exam while ensuring the students adhered to testing procedures. Motor Sport Mechanic Personal Project Southern Illinois University September 2016 to November 2016 Web Crawler) Fall 2016  • Tackled the challenge of developing a web scraper in a Computer Science course using  JavaScript Browse, which resulted in the ability to retrieve data from HTML websites. Designed and created the app by using My SQL and Java.  Southern Illinois University (Study Group) Fall 2016  • Gained notoriety for the design of an Android app as a part of a Computer Science course  that allowed students to locate study group hubs across their campus. The app implementation  consisted of using Java, and My SQL.  Southern Illinois University Music Playlist (Personal Project) Fall 2015  • Recognized for the creation of a user interface where a user can create a play-list by adding their favorite artist, songs, and albums. Design efforts consisted of using Java, vector, and  link list implementation Car Simulator.  Motor Sport Mechanic Personal Project July 2017  • Configured an interface that enabled the user "Mechanic" to check off work that was  applied to repair the vehicle. The interface was created using JAVA, and abstract interface. Front End Developer HTML/CSS Southern Illinois University - Carbondale, IL September 2015 to May 2016 Garnered recognition for positively impacting station viewership by designing multiple  websites for WSIU TV for various aired programs.  • Leveraged technical expertise by rotating daily TV shows online to enable local viewers to see the daily lineup schedule. Level I, II, III Information Systems Technician Intern Rush University Medical Center - Chicago, IL September 2011 to August 2012 September 2011-August 2012  • Expertly analyzed registered employees' data to configure new passwords and emails to avoid any disruptions in operations while maintaining quality.  Chicago, IL 60601 312.543.1587 jazhan16@gmail.com  • Assumed full responsibility for providing top tier user support for software-related or hardware-related issues.  • Held accountable for timely pick up for timeworn computer components for recycling per  University rules and regulations. Education Bachelor of Arts in Computer Science Southern Illinois University - Carbondale, IL December 2017 to Present Skills Javascript, Meteor, Node.js, Python, Sql, Java, Html5, Css, Linux, Linux/unix, Unix, G.i.s Additional Information Skills Proficiency in Computer Languages Multi-task Management Website Management  Languages: HTML5/CSS Java Python JavaScript  Technical Skills: Couch DB G.I.S. SQL Meteor/React/Angular Node.js Linux/Unix