UI Developer UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> UI Developer - PerceptiMed • 4+ years of professional experience in web UI development using Angular.js, NodeJS, NPM, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX  • Developed websites using JavaScript, jQuery, HTML 5, CSS3(including Responsive web design), Bootstrap, Cross-platform Application, AJAX and JSON.  • Experience in Developing User Interface (UI) Rich Web Applications, and Web Service Applications using Front End/User Interface (UI) Technologies like Object Oriented JavaScript, Angular JS, Node JS, Media Queries, CSS Frameworks.  • Experience in Node environment using Node.js, NPM, Grunt, Gulp.  • Experienced in client-side design and validation using HTML and JavaScript.  • Experience on working with GitHub & Bitbucket (Git Client), Project Management Tool JIRA and many editors like NetBeans, WebStorm, Visual Source Code, and IntelliJ.  • Experience in using Chrome Developer Tools for debugging and troubleshooting the code.  • Expertise in using Angular JS directives, Controllers, Filters, Services, Templets, Events and Injectors.  • Experience in agile methodologies such as scrum and Test-Driven Development (TDD) using Jasmine for unit testing.  • Proficient with Angular.js to build single page application with creating custom directives, services, filters, and routing.  • Good in communicating with cross-functional teams in the enterprise at all levels.  • Excited to learn and implement new and emerging technologies. Work Experience UI Developer PerceptiMed - Mountain View, CA August 2018 to Present Responsibilities:  • Developed the UI layout, coordinated project activities and involved in the Application development life cycle (SDLC)- Requirement Analysis, Development, System and Integration Testing.  • Create and modify final designs using wireframe layouts as a structure.  • Designed and Developed User Interactive (UI) of Web pages with the help of HTML, HTML5, CSS, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap and AJAX.  • Involved in developing HTML, JSX and JavaScript for client-side presentation, data validation on the client side with in the forms.  • Experience in using Angular components.  • Re-engineered the existing legacy application into a web-based application using the latest web technologies.  • Involved in User Interface (UI) and User Experience (UX) design using HTML 5, XHTML, CSS3 and JavaScript and used Table Less Design in CSS for positioning.  • Experience in Node environment using Node.js, NPM.  • Worked in an Agile- Scrum development methodology to ensure delivery of high-quality work with two-week iteration, also involved in sprint planning and retrospectives.  • Used karma to test the project with Jasmine as a Framework & confluence for documentation.    Environment: HTML, CSS, Java Script, jQuery, Angular, NodeJS, JSON Front- End Engineer Intuit - Mountain View, CA August 2017 to July 2018 Responsibilities:  • Developed User Interface using HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, jQuery, AJAX, JSON and Angular.js  • Wrote application level code to interact with APIs, RESTful using AJAX, JSON.  • Produced content pages with CSS3 layout and style markup presentations and also used pure JavaScript methods and properties.  • Used AJAX extensively to implement front end /user interface features in the application  • Developed the pages that are complaint to W3C standard.  • Developed different jQuery component in MVC micro architecture framework which internally use various design pattern such as singleton, command, delegate, etc.  • Working experience in MongoDB and experience with CRUD operations on MongoDB collections and documents.  • Worked extensively on Angular JS in creating Controllers, Client and Server-side validations are done by AJAX calls using $http and JSON parse.  • Used Angular JS in development of the web application to bind the data/model that is being retrieved from a database through services provided in a controller to the view using scope.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, AngularJS, jQuery, JSON, AJAX, MongoDB Software Developer TCS - Mumbai, Maharashtra May 2015 to June 2017 Responsibilities:  • Developed web applications using JavaScript, CSS, HTML, jQuery to enhance functionality and user experience on web pages.  • Developed Responsive Designs (Mobile/Tablet/Desktop) using HTML & CSS, Bootstrap.  • Worked collaboratively with colleagues to build, design and deliver high quality solutions in line with the guidance and best practices of the department.  • Assist team with testing code in multiple browsers.  • Worked with Senior Developers to edit existing projects on certain client websites.  • Participated in weekly team meetings to discuss current projects and strategies on producing efficient work.  • Helped develop and follow best practices and development standards.  • Performed other related duties as assigned.    Environment: JavaScript, CSS, HTML, jQuery, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap Education MS in Computer Science in Computer Science University of Houston