UI Developer UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front- end Developer Chicago, IL Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience UI Developer Peak17 - Salt Lake City, UT March 2019 to Present • Debugs and develops single page web forms using Angular 4+  • Debugs AngularJS/Angular 7 web apps  • Writes unit and e2e tests and uses Protractor for testing. Familiar with Cypress Front- End Developer Salt Lake County - Salt Lake City, UT October 2018 to December 2018 Development  • Developed the user interface for an archiving tool.    Project Management   • Provided guidance on recommended best practices for setting up SharePoint intranet and collaboration sites. Developed a roll out and communication plan. Front- End Developer ACTIONET - Rosslyn, VA May 2017 to September 2018 Developed SharePoint solutions for the Bureau of Diplomatic Security in the Department of State.    • Mentored junior developers to improve their skills. Created development standards and procedures for the team's software development life cycle.    Development  • Architected and developed SharePoint solutions using SharePoint Designer 2010/2013, REST API, HTML/CSS, and JavaScript/jQuery.  • Developed a reporting system for Diplomatic Security using HTML/CSS, jQuery, Bootstrap 4, Moment.js, and SharePoint's REST API.  • Developed a division wide task tracking system with intuitive dashboards for SharePoint Online using the REST API, HTML/CSS, jQuery, Moment.js, and SharePoint Designer 2013 workflows.  • Developed the communication site for the migration from SharePoint 2010 to Online/2016.  • Created a visitor request system using SharePoint Designer 2013 workflows, HTML/CSS, jQuery, and Moment.js on SharePoint Online.  • Created a custom position request system to process and approve new job positions using SharePoint Designer 2010 and SP Services for SharePoint 2010.  • Developed the visual design into a responsive site collection by customizing the master page and page layouts via Bootstrap 4 for the SharePoint Online/2016 intranet.    Design  • Created the visual design for the new intranet for the Bureau of Diplomatic Security and internal teams sites. Front- end Developer CLIENT SOLUTIONS ARCHITECTS - Fairfax, VA September 2016 to April 2017 • Assisted in the visual redesign of the ECMS for the client. Redesigned the company intranet.  • Developed a new conference room request system. UX Designer AIS - Reston, VA May 2016 to August 2016 • Created visual designs for the company's intranet with using Adobe Photoshop. Developed prototypes with HTML, CSS, and Sass.  • Developed responsive designs with Sass and Bootstrap framework. Sr. Consultant Bravo Consulting - Reston, VA February 2016 to May 2016 • Developed wireframes, mockups, and prototypes. Designed nearly all UIs for top secret client.  • Created SharePoint Hosted Apps using the REST API and an HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript framework. Marketing Administrator Bravo Consulting Group - Reston, VA April 2015 to May 2016 • Designed the company’s logo. Created marketing collateral using Adobe Photoshop, InDesign, and Illustrator.  • Maintained company's public facing website. Education B.A. in Sociology UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN - Ann Arbor, MI April 2008 Skills SharePoint (8 years), HTML (3 years), CSS (3 years), JQuery (3 years), Javascript (1 year), User Interface Design (4 years), Nintex (1 year), Indesign (4 years), Illustrator (2 years), UI, Front-End (3 years), User Interface, Bootstrap (4 years), Angular (Less than 1 year), CSS3, HTML5, AngularJS (Less than 1 year) Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/ahlaverty/ Awards University of Michigan Alumni Club of Greater Washington D.C. Rookie of the Year 2017-06 The University of Michigan Alumni Club of Greater Washington D.C. is a 501(c)(3) non-profit that provides a scholarship for a student in need to attend the University of Michigan. Rookie of the Year is for a new volunteer who has gone above and beyond in their service to the organization and its mission. University of Michigan Alumni Club of Greater Washington D.C. Volunteer of the Quarter 2017-01 The University of Michigan Alumni Club of Greater Washington D.C. is a 501(c)(3) non-profit that provides a scholarship for a student in need to attend the University of Michigan. Volunteer of the Quarter is for a volunteer who has gone above and beyond in their service to the organization and its mission during the previous quarter.