Network Manager Network Manager Network Manager - Day Day Up Daycare Center Flushing, NY Sponsorship required to work in the US Work Experience Network Manager Day Day Up Daycare Center - Flushing, NY August 2018 to Present Description: Plan, coordinate, and direct computer-related activities at Day Day Up Adult Day Care  Center Inc. He has been developing a website for our company and has been in charge of managing, protecting and optimizing the website to drive traffic and opportunities to our business.  Responsibilities:  • Manage and maintain an editorial calendar regarding the events holding by the care center and en- sure all digital contents are fresh, current and engaging  • Ensure security of company's computer system and network, and electronically stored data/  information/documents.  • Plan and direct purchase, installation and maintenance of IT equipment(including computer  hardware and software) or use by staff and computer training classes for customers.  • Supervise and direct company's computer specialists/technicians; assign and assess work of such;  act as the liaison between IT personnel and GM.  • Develop and implement the organization's social media strategy, including plans that leverage ex- isting social media channels and blogs based on the data collected from the website.  • Develop and maintain online content like graphics, , e-newsletters, presentations, podcasts, videos  and other communications assets that attracts attention, generates interest and is easily shared by key audiences.  • Consistently be engaged with optimizing content according to modern best practices, including  responsive/mobile design, SEO. Front- end Developer Hyatt Hotels Corporation - Chicago, IL July 2016 to January 2018 Description: CA project is a Web-based screen that integrates tools and tasks supported by multiple  systems/interfaces that a front desk host is required to work on day-to-day operations. CA includes  Hyatt's property management system, custom central reservation system, custom sales system, custom  CRM, loyalty management system, guest request system, and electronic key lock system. While in most  cases Hyatt was able to use the existing APIs from its third-party providers to integrate with Colleague  Advantage, there were some instances where Hyatt had to work with its vendors to develop and test  new APIs or web services where none previously existed. Additionally, Hyatt worked with a third party  to assist in developing its change management platform that offered an engaging, gamified approach to learning.  Responsibilities:  • Programmed interactive features: animations, text boxes, navigation buttons, messaging systems, data tables, exclusively in JavaScript, HTML5, CSS, GIT and SCSS design engine.  • Used NodeJS to build a local development environment at the server side.  • Responsible for creating HTML5 templates using dust.js for each tile on the dashboard and used  Bootstrap framework to handle the layout of the tiles on the dashboard.  • Used JQuery to traverse through a DOM tree and manipulated the nodes in the tree. Implemented  the Drag and Drop functionality using JQuery framework.  • Strived to use web standards to build solutions using CSS3 and SCSS to create style sheets.  • Involved in consuming RESTful services and processed JSON data to render on UI.  • Specially working with AJAX data consisting of JSON responses, parsing the same and presenting on the UI layer.  • Used socket.io to implement real time messaging system within the project.  • Involved in Creating and Consuming RESTful Services using NodeJS and Express Framework.  • Used Grunt to handle minification, compilation, and unit testing using Karma/jsint and used Bower  to manage all package dependencies.  • Committed code change into repository by using version control tool SourceTree.  • Performed A/B testing for testing all features on the UI.  • Maintained Test Driven Development (TDD) approach using Agile Methodologies.  • Participated in meetings with the end-clients to develop layout, color scheme for the web page and implemented them with the help of HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript.  • Worked as a part of Agile team and followed the methodology on a routine and attended regular  Scrum meetings held by the Scrum Master.  • Expertise in Agile SDLC methodology & project planning using JIRA.  Environment: Node.js, HTML5, CSS3, SCSS, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap 3.0, Bower, Grunt, Karma, Source Tree, Jira, Sublime Editor, Windows XP. Frontend Developer hCentive - Reston, VA January 2015 to February 2016 Reston, VA Jan 2015 - Feb 2016  Project: Federally Facilitated Marketplace (FFM) for Small Business Health Options Program (SHOP)  Role: Java Developer    Description: hCentive provides cloud-based, healthcare technology solutions that help consumers & businesses connect, communicate and engage with health plans in an undemanding and informed  manner when acquiring health insurance.  FFM will operate in states that have chosen not to build their own Marketplace. It will be easily  adapted to meet the needs of any state that chooses to utilize this model on a temporary or permanent  basis. SHOP is the application, which can be used by employers and employees in small businesses throughout the US to purchase health insurance products in the Marketplace. Authorized third party  agencies are also allowed to operate on the application on behalf of their clients.  Responsibilities:  • For front- end UI development, used Web development tools like Angular JS, JavaScript, HTML5 and look-and-feel generated by CSS3.  • Developed various functionalities for front- end web pages according to new requirements provided  by BA team and UI team using RESTFul Webservices, Spring Core and Hibernate.  • Worked closely with backend team, designer and product owner implementing and ensuring code  solutions using AngularJS framework and JS libraries.  • Designed and developed user interface using RESTFul Webservices along with front- end tools.  • Implemented Model View Controller architecture by applying AngularJS framework.  • Used AngularJS Controllers, and created Directives for each data element using AngularJS  framework to create a customizable dashboard.  • Responsible for creating HTML templates for each tile on the dashboard and used Bootstrap  framework to handle the layout of the tiles on the dashboard.  • Strived to use web standards to build solutions using CSS3 and Less to create style sheets.  • Used NodeJS to build a local development environment at the server side.  • Consumed RESTful APIs provided by back- end.  • Used Grunt to handle minification, compilation, and unit testing and used Bower to manage all  package dependencies.  • Committed code change into repository by using version control tool SVN.  • Performed JUnit testing for testing all features on the UI.  • Worked as a part of Agile team and followed the methodology on a routine and attended regular  Scrum meetings held by the Scrum Master.  Environment: AngularJS 1.3, HTML5, CSS3, Less, Javascript, Bootstrap 3.0, Bower, Grunt, SVN, SQL Education Master of Science in Computer Science New Jersey Institute of Technology August 2013 to May 2015 Bachelor of Science in Software Engineering Southeast University - Nanjing, CN September 2009 to June 2013 Skills Git, JAVASCRIPT, ANGULAR.JS, BOOTSTRAP, NODE.JS, JSON, SVN, HTML5, AJAX, WEB SERVICES, VERSION CONTROL, JIRA, ECLIPSE, jQuery, REST, MAC, Front End, Angular, React, UI, Front-End