UI Developer UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> UI Developer - Visgence Inc Las Cruces, NM • Enthusiastic and Dedicated Versatile UI Developer with extensive experience and solid understanding of database, JavaScript Libraries in software development life cycle (SDLC) in developing of Web applications in various domains in Windows, Linux environment. Seeking opportunity to bring further success to established organization through testing, deployment, and software debugging.  • Experience in developing web-applications using HTML, CSS-LESS, SASS, DOM, JavaScript, Type Script, JQuery, Ajax, XML, Angular JS, React JS, Node JS.  • Participation in Software Development Life-Cycle (SDLC) preparing Requirement Specification documents, design documents, Test cases and Analysis, User Training documents and Technical Help documents.  • Experience working in Scrum environment of Agile Methodology for development.  • Adapted Model-View-Controller (MVC) frameworks for developing web applications.  • Created various desktop applications with Angular JS, React Js and Unit Test with Karma-Jasmine also with Jest.  • Expertise in UI Mocking Frameworks and Prototyping techniques.  • Hands on experience in React.JS, working with Redux and Flux architecture, Web pack module bundler. Proficient in building React JS web pages with JSX, React components.  • Experience in using React JS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, plus Redux, Animations and Flux concept. Also Familiar with creating Custom Reusable React Components Library.  • Solid experience building Responsive Web Design (RWD) for different types of devices like tablets and mobiles using Bootstrap and CSS Media Queries.  • Experience in working with CSS Preprocessors like LESS and SASS to make CSS more efficient.  • Good experience working on CSS Background, CSS Positioning, CSS Text, CSS Border, CSS Margin, CSS Padding, CSS Table, Pseudo Classes, Pseudo Elements and CSS Behaviors in CSS.  • Excellent skills in creating and accessing various databases like SQL server and NoSQL database like MongoDB.  • Experience in applying the latest development approaches including MVC in the browser, event-driven applications using AJAX, Object Oriented JavaScript, JSON and XML.  • Experience in version control tools like GIT, Github continuous integration tools like Jenkins.  • Good working experience with JIRA, Bugzilla for bug-tracking and JSLint for ensuring quality code.  • Sound knowledge in working with Browsers Compatibility issues with browsers like IE, Firefox, Safari, Opera, and Chrome.  • Knowledge of OOP principle concepts and server side languages like PHP.  • An experienced software developer, passionate about delivering quality software products with thorough & accurate testing and ample documentation. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience UI Developer Visgence Inc October 2018 to Present Responsibilities:  • Developing fully functional responsive modules based on Business Requirements using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript/ES6, graphQL, React.js and Redux.  • Participation in Software Development Life-Cycle (SDLC) preparing Requirement Specification documents, design documents, Test cases and Analysis, User Training documents and Technical Help documents.  • Involving creating reusable UI components to render view pages using ReactJS along with Redux.  • Implementing React-Redux life cycle boiler plate scripts to decrease the project duration.  • Working on Lifecycle methods, State, Props, Routers and Events to create interactive and stateful react components.  • Utilizing React-Redux Action Creators, create Store from redux library to connect reducers and containers, to update the state and virtual DOM.  • Managing projects with Webpack and combined with Bower package manager to install JavaScript latest version of libraries based on running in the Node.js environment.  • Mainly responsible for developing Restful API. Developed different controllers that return the response both in JSON and XML based on the request type.  • Working on Back- end on resolvers and GraphQL  • Performing Unit testing on applications using tools Jest by following Test Driven Development (TDD), using JIRA for bug tracking.  • Working with Amazon Web services like Lambda, EC2 and S3.  • Developed server based web traffic statistical analysis tool using Flask, Pandas.  • Designed and working on corporate website using the Django framework.  • Developed and designed an API (RESTful Web Service) for the client's website.  • Created a registration form for customer's details and also created different parameters to show up different frequencies in spectrum map in Python.  • Using GIT as version control tool to update work progress and attended daily Scrum sessions.  Environment: Visual Studio Code, Linux, React.Js, Redux, GraphQL, Python, Django, HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap3, SASS, JavaScript, AJAX, JSON, JQuery, Node.js, JIRA, Jest, Yarn, Git. UI Developer NYC Independent Film Festival - New York, NY April 2017 to September 2018 Responsibilities:  • Involved in gathering the requirements, analysis, design and development of the project.  • Designed and developed Web Responsive Screens using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, AJAX, Angular JS and Bootstrap.  • Proficient in developing applications using MVC design patterns.  • Customized Restful Web Service using Restful API, sending JSON format data packets between front- end and middle-tier controller.  • Performed DOM manipulations, create Templates, Custom Directives, Controllers, and established two-way Data binding using Angular JS.  • Extensively used Angular UI (Angular Bootstrap) for ng-grid, and UI components.  • Implemented Dependency injection (DI) using Angular injector for creating components, resolving their dependencies, and providing them components as requested.  • Created custom Angular directive and services.  • Implemented Caching, Session State, Cookie Management, View State, POST and GET techniques.  • Involved in Unit testing, integration testing and deployment of the application  • Used JIRA ticketing system to keep track of issues and Version One ALM tool for tracking work flow of User stories.  • Used Tortoise SVN for source code repository and versioning.  • Participated in daily Scrums (Agile) with the whole team to discuss about the progress of the application development, specs to be taken care and specs that already completed.  Environment: Windows, MVC, Angular JS 1.x, LESS, HTML5, Karma, node.js, REST, AGILE, XML, CSS, JQuery. UI/ Front End Developer Clover Health - Jersey City, NJ June 2016 to March 2017 Responsibilities:  • Developed fully functional responsive modules based on Business Requirements using HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, SASS, JavaScript/ES6, JQuery, JQuery plug in, React.js.  • Involved in creating reusable UI components to render view pages using ReactJS along with Redux.  • Implemented React-Redux life cycle boiler plate scripts to decrease the project duration.  • Worked on Lifecycle methods, State, Specs, Props, Routers and Events to create interactive and stateful react components.  • Utilized React-Redux Action Creators, create Store from redux library to connect reducers and containers, to update the state and virtual DOM.  • Implemented React-Express-Middleware for rending components and routing.  • Managed projects with Web pack and combined with Bower package manager to install JavaScript latest version of libraries based on running in the Node.js environment.  • Used React-Router to turn application into Single Page Application (SPA).  • Worked with ReactJS components, Redux Forms, Events, Router and Flux concept.  • Used React JS for frontend framework and Flux architecture for creating data layers for unidirectional data flow.  • Implemented various screens for the front end using React.js and used various predefined components from NPM (Node Package Manager) and redux library.  • Used React.js to create controllers to handle events triggered by clients and send request to server.  • Mainly responsible for developing Restful API using spring framework. Developed different controllers that return the response both in JSON and XML based on the request type.  • Worked with Jasmine in testing and performed Unit testing and execution testing utilizing JUNIT  • Used the Mozilla Firefox extension, Firebug, developer tools to view and debug HTML, DOM and JavaScript.  • Performed Unit testing on applications using tools Mocha by following Test Driven Development, used JIRA for bug tracking.  • Used Jenkins for continuous integration and continuous deployment pipeline.  • Used GIT as version control tool to update work progress and attended daily Scrum sessions.  Environment: ReactJs, Redux, HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap3, SASS, JavaScript, AJAX, JSON, XML, JQuery, Node.js, JIRA, Git. Web Developer ProStart Me Technologies Pvt. Ltd - IN April 2014 to December 2015 Responsibilities:  • Involved in gathering the requirements, analysis, design and development of the project.  • Designed and developed Web Responsive Screens using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, AJAX, Angular JS and Bootstrap.  • Proficient in developing applications using MVC and MVVM design patterns.  • Customized Restful Web Service using Restful API, sending JSON format data packets between front- end and middle-tier controller.  • Performed DOM manipulations, create Templates, Custom Directives, Controllers, and established two-way Data binding using Angular JS.  • Extensively used Angular UI (Angular Bootstrap) for ng-grid, and UI components.  • Implemented Dependency injection (DI) using Angular injector for creating components, resolving their dependencies, and providing them components as requested.  • Created custom Angular directive and services.  • Implemented Caching, Session State, Cookie Management, View State, POST and GET techniques.  • Involved in Unit testing, integration testing and deployment of the application  • Used JIRA ticketing system to keep track of issues and Version One ALM tool for tracking work flow of User stories.  • Used Tortoise SVN for source code repository and versioning.  • Participated in daily Scrums (Agile) with the whole team to discuss about the progress of the application development, specs to be taken care and specs that already completed.  Environment: Windows, MVC, Angular JS 1.x, LESS, HTML5, Karma, node.js, REST, AGILE, XML, CSS, JQuery. Education Master's Skills VISUAL STUDIO, DJANGO, Git, JAVASCRIPT, ANGULAR.JS, BOOTSTRAP, NODE.JS, REDUX, JENKINS, JSON, PYTHON, SVN, HTML5, SOAP, AJAX, TOMCAT, WEB SERVER, WEB SERVICES, WEBLOGIC, jQuery