Front End Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End Developer • A front- end web developer, a result-oriented professional having 4 years of experience with proven abilities in development, designing web applications/APIs for high-volume businesses.  • Experience in complete SDLC of projects from requirement gathering, coding, building, testing till the application is in operations.  • Have played a role of individual contributor as well as lead for the various teams.  • Highly adaptable in quickly changing technical environments with very strong analytical skills, an enthusiastic team player and deep creative thinker.  • Requirements gathering, Analysis and Estimation of new feature work or new systems.  • Design, Development, Code Reviews, Troubleshooting and Unit Testing to build scalable systems.  • Lead design discussions focused on testability, code health, and velocity. (Test driven development TDD).  • Experience with Automation tools like Selenium and Cucumber to achieve Behavior-Driven Development (BDD)  • Influence & communicate issues related to pain points in the development, test, & release process  • Individual contribution to development along with managing small teams.  • Proactively develop internal tools like automating code generation wherever possible to accelerate the development process, which helps to ship code faster, with better quality to end users.  • Proactively improve the legacy code using best coding standards, design patterns and SOLID principles. Work Experience Front End Developer App Nexus December 2017 to January 2019 Description: App Nexus offers online auction infrastructure and technology for data management, optimization, financial clearing and support for directly negotiated advertising campaigns.  Responsibilities:  - Developed service infrastructure components in Angular4/Typescript for a unified web UI initiative.  - Designed and coded customized Angular 4 services to interact with the backend API and server components.  - Worked on JavaScript frameworks (Angular JS, Node JS) to augment browser-based applications with MVC capability.  - Created Angular JS controllers, factories, filters, routers and services in registration module for making it a Single page Application.  - Expertise with backend programming using PL/SQL Stored procedures Triggers and prepared statements on databases like SQL Server, Oracle and MySQL.  - Used DB2 as the database and wrote SQL & PL-SQL.  - Created SPA (Single Page Application) by configuring React -Router. Used Browser Router for Web.  - Experience with third party React components like - react-grid, react-sortable, react-tags, react-infinite-scroll, react-date picker, and react-tags input, react-select.  - Hands-on experience in handling and pre-processing the CSS style sheets using SASS and LESS pre-processors for writing cleaner code with great reusability. Solid understanding of React Virtual Dom Algorithm, for React performance optimization.  - Worked with developers to fix bugs that occur during mobile testing using Jira.  - Tested the user interface by considering the mobile first approach and assured that the app is working as expected in different resolution screens using emulators and handsets.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3 media queries and MDB for Angular, Angular 4.0, Express JS, Mongo DB, Node.js v4, State management using Redux architecture, Jasmine and Karma, Agile, JIRA, GIT. UI Developer The Hartford - Hartford, CT April 2016 to November 2017 Description: The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc., usually known as The Hartford, is a United States-based investment and insurance company. The Hartford is a Fortune 500 company headquartered in Hartford.  Responsibilities:  - Worked with the user group for requirement gathering throughout the planning and implementation.  - Maintained the existing mobile app built using React Native Framework.  - Designed and implemented the Mobile Application on android platform.  - Involved in web development consulting focused on the React js, Node.js, Express.js, and MySQL  - Created re-usable components using React and created actions, reducers and integrated the components.  - Tested the Client-side JavaScript files using Karma framework.  - Used JIRA extensively for organizing issues, tracking the assigned work, and following team activity.  - Worked with Agile methodology, developed scrum teams within the development team and have ability to complete the tasks within given sprints.  - to optimize the code & remove scalability issues.  - Implemented automation using Selenium WebDriver, JAVA.  - Used Appium to perform Mobile automation testing for Native Testing, Web testing & hybrid testing.  - Hands-on experience in handling and pre-processing the CSS style sheets using SASS and LESS pre-processors for writing cleaner code with great reusability. Solid understanding of React Virtual Dom Algorithm, for React performance optimization  Environment: HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, JSON, React Native, Redux, Node.js, Bootstrap, Karma, MYSQL, JIRA, Agile, Sublime Text, windows. Web Developer Genpact - Chennai, Tamil Nadu May 2015 to November 2015 Description: Genpact as a unit within General Electric. Its charter was to provide business process services to GE's businesses. The company name, Genpact, is designed to convey the business impact it generates for its clients.  Responsibilities:  - Developed the User Interactive web application in a professional manner with using web technologies like HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, Less, JavaScript and Angular.JS, as per company's standards.  - Developed and consumed .NET Web Services using SOAP data in SharePoint List.  - Discussed various performance related issues with developers and architect teams and coordinated with them in resolving the problems before going to production and thereby giving a QA pass for the application.  - Developed, Configured and consumed Web Services in C#.  - Designed and coded Win Forms using C#, .NET.  - Extensively involved in User Interface designing using Web forms and Win forms.  - Used JavaScript and .NET Validation Controls for performing client-side validations.  - Experience in Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC), application design, functional and technical specs, and use case development using UML.  - Worked with the automation team to understand the Selenium scripts and review the code, run the tests and review the results and provide inputs to the team.  - Worked with the team of architects and back- end Developers to gather requirements and enhance the application functionality and add new features.  - Working with business system analyst to understand the requirements to ensure that right set of UI modules been built.  - Creating wireframes, mockups, prototype specifications and navigation maps for communication of designing ideas.  - Responsible for ensuring the pattern consistency across all pages.  Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, DOM, JSON, Angular JS, Agile methodology, Bootstrap, Eclipse. Web Developer Lince soft solutions - Hyderabad, Telangana June 2014 to April 2015 Description: Lince Soft Solutions Private Limited is an energetic organization providing total recruitment solutions. With an ongoing commitment to quality, the Company's continuing goal is to enhance its position as one of the leading independent providers of resources for IT, ITES and Non-IT industries.  Responsibilities:  - Designed, developed Webpages into HTML and DHTML.  - Conceptualized and coded user interfaces for websites projects using HTML, DHTML, CSS, Fireworks and JavaScript  - Designed and developed UI for Intranet applications.  - Used Java Script Dynamic Popup in the Webpages.  - Wrote DHTML, JavaScript and CSS for final application and tested code in cross browser platforms.  - Maintained Section 508 and W3C standards.  - Designed, developed, tested and maintained web pages from concept to completion  - Reduced inconsistencies and usability issues with the website.  - Created templates, Image Maps, Layers, using Dreamweaver.  - Designed Catalogs and Brochures using Photoshop.  Environment: HTML, XHTML, DHTML, XML, CSS, Photoshop, Illustrator, Adobe Photoshop, Macromedia Flash, Macromedia Dreamweaver, Microsoft FrontPage, JavaScript, Java. Education Master's in information assurance in information assurance Wilmington University - San Diego, CA February 2019 to Present Skills Visual studio, C#, Git, Javascript, Angular.js Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:  SDLC methodologies Agile and Waterfall  Languages C#, JavaScript, Typescript  Databases MySQL, MSSQL, PLSQL, MongoDB  Web technologies  HTML5, SASS, LESS, Atomic CSS, CSS3, SASS, LESS, JavaScript, Servlet, JSP, PHP, JSON, JDBC, AJAX, XML, XHTML, MVC, DOM, JavaScript Libraries jQuery, React.js, Angular.js, Backbone.js, Sass, Prime ng, Node.js, Bootstrap    Dev Tools  Visual Studio, SQL Management Studio, Team Foundation Server TFS, Git, SourceTree, Git hub, WebStorm, ANTS profiler, SQL Profiler, Dynatrace, browser developer tools, Atlassian suite (Bit Bucket, JIRA, Bamboo)    Cloud AWS