Front End-Angular Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span>-Angular <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End-Angular Developer - Macy's Alpharetta, GA • Extensive experience as a Front- End UI Developer (Angular 2/4/5/6), with a solid understanding of database designing, development, and installation of different modules.  • Professional understanding of Software development life cycle SDLC as well as various phases such as Analysis, Design, Development, and Testing.  • Expert in developing UI applications and professional web applications using JavaScript/TypeScript libraries like Angular 2/4/5/6, React, Node.js, HTML5, Bootstrap 4, CSS3(pre-processing platforms, such as LESS and SASS), JSON, NPM and Web Services such as SOAP/RESTful.  • Professional in creating Templates, Mockups and Prototypes, Web Interfaces, Layouts and Flow of Future Pages using Balsamiq and Axure RP.  • Worked in a fast-paced Agile / Scrum environment with multiple cross-functional teams.  • Experience with versioning tools like GITHUB and Bitbucket. Sponsorship required to work in the US Work Experience Front End-Angular Developer Macy's - Atlanta, GA March 2018 to Present Developed RTO @ POS (point of sale system) used by Macy's chain of department stores for generating real-time offers. RTO @ POS application enables to generate exclusive offers which include electronic tags or chips as well as barcodes for targeted customers. The objective is to connect with every customer and apply big data (RTDM) to do so, hence It's perfect for large stores with a high footfall, like Macy's. The main goal is to offer more localized, personalized and smarter retail customer experience across all channels and analyze a large number of different data points, such as out-of-stock rates, price promotions, sell-through rates etc. In addition to that, Macy's gathers, and of course analyses, a vast amount of customer data ranging from visit frequencies and sales to style preferences and online & offline personal motivations. And use this data to create a personalized customer experience including customized incentives at checkout.  Responsibilities:  • Created and Estimated efforts for software change requests or enhancements and thus achieved 25% annual reduction in setup/ modification time.  • Worked with internal business users/stakeholders (Marketing, Logistics, Customer Service) to develop analyses that lead to actionable insights that accelerate profitable growth by 30%.  • Work closely with project managers, business analysts, business clients, and other RTO @ POS team members define requirements, design, estimate, code, test, certify, pilot and rollout request changes.  • Involved in gathering User and Business Requirements and framing Use Cases, understanding the RTO @ POS (Based on AI, automation, workflow, UI/UX, Angular 2/4/5/6) application.  • Write robust front- end code with HTML5, Angular 2/4/5/6(Using components such as services, pipe, routing and Http with Observable), CSS3, and JavaScript/TypeScript frameworks and Bootstrap 4 libraries to implement RTO @ POS web application.    Environment: Jira, Bitbucket, SQL, MS Access, SAP Business Objects, SAP Crystal, HP Quality Center, Selenium, Sahi, Angular, Bootstrap, phpMyAdmin, Brackets/Microsoft Visual code, NPM. Front End-Angular Developer EGroupient Inc February 2017 to February 2018 Responsibilities:  • Act in the capacity of a Health Insurance application Front End/UI (Angular 2) Developer to actively participate in the definition, design, development, testing, test automation support and implementation of functionalities.  • Support the product owner in defining the overall user experience and engage appropriate technical team, UIX design team and business group to elicit, interpret, analyze and validate requirements for new functionality being requested by business groups and generate the system requirements in user story format for technical teams.  • Developed the front- end web page by using HTML5, Bootstrap 4, CSS3, and JavaScript/TypeScript, taking advantage of the Angular framework.  • Responsible for creating the JavaScript/TypeScript code, for different modules.  Environment: Jira, Workday, HP Quality Center, Lawson, PL/SQL, SAP Crystal Report/SSRS, MS Access, Web Services Selenium, Sahi, Angular, Bootstrap, NPM, Brackets/Microsoft Visual code. UI Developer Club Row Warehouses Ltd May 2013 to November 2015 Responsibilities:  • Designed and implemented the User Interface using HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, and MySQL.  • Proficient in OOD and Implementation Design Patterns Proficient in Bootstrap or Foundation works.  • Enhanced user experience by designing new web features using MVC Frameworks.  • Created CSS templates for use in all pages on the website working with CSS Background, positioning, text, border, margin, padding, table, Pseudo-classes, Pseudo-elements and CSS Transitions.  • Used JSON for data interchange.  • Experience with unit testing frameworks Such as Soap/Selenium/Sahi.    Environment: HTML5, CSS, JavaScript/TypeScript, Node.js, JSON, DOM, SOAP, RDBMS, SAP Crystal, SAP BO. Education Master of Science New England College - Henniker, NH December 2016 Master of Business Administration in Business Administration University of Greenwich - London July 2015 Bachelor of Business Administration in Business Administration GITAM University April 2012 Skills Javascript, Angular, Front End, React, UI, Front-End, HTML5, CSS3, User Interface, Java, Node, Bootstrap, Angularjs