Front End Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End Developer - American Express Rewards • Around 5 years of strong experience in Web and User Interface Design, Development of internet, internet Web-Applications    • Extensive experience in designing and developing front- end/user-interface (UI) of web applications using HTML 4.0/5.0, CSS3, DOM, JavaScript, JQuery, AngularJS, Bootstrap, AJAX, JSON, XML.    • Worked on Angular JS concepts of Scopes, Models, Services, Dependency Injection, Routing and Prototyping.    • Excellent knowledge in the development of User Experience web and mobile based applications.    • Involved in several web application development projects that required Responsive Web Design.  • Skilled at analyzing and solving browser compatibility challenges and possesses ability to maintain consistency and well commented HTML and CSS mark-up.    • Have experience utilizing CSS processors like LESS and SASS.    • Experience in working with code management tool GIT and Code Editing tools like Visual Studio Code & WebStorm.    • Utilized the latest front- end Technologies such as HTML5 and CSS3 for layouts.    • Experienced in designing Using Web Standards and developing table-less layouts.    • Create desktop application with Angular 2/4 and Unit Test with Karma-Jasmine.    • Experience in Developing User Interface (UI) Rich Web Applications, and Web Service Applications using Front End/User Interface (UI) Technologies like Object Oriented JavaScript, Type Script, Angular2, Angular 4, JS, Node JS, Bootstrap, Media Queries, CSS Frameworks, and Java.    • Expertise in Angular 2/4 framework and its ability to create simple and scalable code for SPA.    • Extensive experience on implementing the AJAX features using JavaScript and jQuery.    • Having experience building apps that integrate with RESTful APIs.    • Extensive experience on web application debugging skills using Firefox, Chrome developer's tool and Firebug Expertise in advanced JavaScript libraries and frameworks.    • Expert in creating Object-Oriented Web application utilizing MVC architecture.    • Worked in multiple projects on Agile Development Team methodology. Also worked on Waterfall method.    • Expert in developing Single Page Applications (SPA) using Angular2 Typescript module, components, views, router and Angular2 APIs like (Ng Module, Forms Module, Http Module, Browser Module, and Text Mask Module.  • Experienced in Angular2 Templates, directives, Routing and navigation, Components, Services and Data binding.    • Involved in Understanding functional specifications and developing creative solutions to meet business requirements.    • Effective communication skills and the ability to gather and filter requirements.    • Used GULP, GRUNT for task building, Compiling SASS files, Uglify and for minification of JS files, Unit-Testing and linting.    • Used TFS for Source Code Management, Reporting's, Automated builds and Test, release capabilities.    • Have excellent analytical, problem solving, communication and interpersonal skills, with an ability to interact with individuals at all levels and can work as a part of a team as well as independently. Work Experience Front End Developer American Express Rewards - Houston, TX January 2017 to Present Description: American Express is a type of business where customers make purchases and get reward points to card members based on the purchases. The purpose of this project is when a card member returns the product purchased the reward points allocated should be deducted, the criteria for the number of reward points to be deducted is determined through this project.    Responsibilities:    • Developed single page applications using Angular 2, Typescript, HTML5, CSS3, and Bootstrap.    • Developed web pages and forms with functionalities like login, register, forget password, Email, Filters using JavaScript and HTML5.  • Built the Responsive UI screen for create new customer process, create bill to and ship to screens, customer search results page, and customer dashboard page using Bootstrap.    • Developed single page applications using Angular 2, Typescript, HTML5, CSS3, and Bootstrap.    • Worked in an Agile- Scrum development methodology to ensure delivery of high quality work with monthly iteration, also involved in sprint planning and retrospectives.    • Followed the N-Tier architecture for the application development with DAL, BLL, and UI.    • Involved in requirement gathering, designing, development, UI reviews, and maintenance.    • Created Typescript reusable components and services to consume REST API's using Component-based architecture provided by Angular 2.  • Created reusable templates using Angular directives and worked with NPM package manager tools (Node JS).  • Experience in developing applications using Angular -Bootstrap like Grids, Toolbars, Panels, Combo-. Box and Button etc.  • Good knowledge on using Angular 2 APIs like @angular/http [For making HTTP requests], @angular/common [ Common core things including form validation], @angular/router [Routing for our entire app].    • Implemented HTTP requests using Rxjs Observable library to handle multiple values over time.    • Designed the page using Bootstrap and some custom CSS.    • Good knowledge on creating services with Angular 2 @injectable property, as to make the service available for dependency injection when creating components.  • Created generic web form for data retrieval and interactive forms using data grid. Made "Homepage", "FAQs", "Image Gallery", and "Login & Sign up Pages " &" About Us Pages.  • Designed dynamic client-side JavaScript codes to build web forms and simulate process for a web application, page navigation using Angular 2.    • Worked on unit testing for the Angular 2 application using karma.    • Called the Restful web service calls for POST, PUT, DELETE and GET methods.    • Developed CSS3 to style page layouts, navigation and page-loading spinner.    • Extensively worked with making calls to WEB APIs to fetch the data from the back end as JSON response and parse it on the UI for DOM/CSS Manipulation.    • Collaborated with the front- end design team and back- end team and started converting the static files with the dynamic content with the data is retrieved from the database by the API calls.    Environment:  Angular 2/4, SQL server 2012, IIS 7, HTML, CSS30, JSON, Web API, Karma, SASS, GULP. Software Developer Baker Hughes - Houston, TX September 2015 to December 2016 Description:    BHGE helps its customers acquire, transport and refine hydrocarbons more efficiently, productively and safely, with a smaller environmental footprint and at lower cost per barrel. Backed by the digital industrial strength of GE, the company deploys minds, machines and the cloud to break down silos and reduce waste and risk, applying breakthroughs from other industries to advance its own. Development of software architecture for application used for data acquisition, data processing and visualization. Identification of appropriate software technology stacks in a windows environment.    Responsibilities:    • Developed front end web applications by using web technologies such as AngularJS, HTML5, PHP, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap.  • Developed certain features of the application functionality i.e. CRUD (Create, read, update, delete) features using Backbone.js and Responsive Design.  • Extensively worked with making calls to APIs to fetch the data from the backend as JSON response and parse it on the UI for DOM/CSS Manipulation.    • Used JSPs for dynamic generation of HTML5 for client browsers.    • Using the Bootstrap for styling the HTML5 to create the interfaces and help manage the website responsive in all devices.  • Used jQuery to make the HTML 5 and CSS code interact with the JavaScript functions to add dynamic data to the web pages at the client side.  • Debug the application using Firebug to traverse the documents and manipulated the Nodes using DOM and DOM Functions.    • Managed Git repositories for branching, merging, and tagging.    • Implemented Client-Side Validations, JSON/XML parsing, manipulated DOM Events, Directives, Components, Pipes and Injectable Services.    • Extensively Used NodeJS and Express to retrieve server-side Data.    • Used the basic principles of MVC to incorporate the AngularJS to build client-side application and Node.js for building server-side API's.  • Used the Mongoose library and Node JS for implementation of Restful services and configuring to Mongo DB.    • Designed and developed data management system using Mongo DB.  • Worked with nested array for document in Mongo DB.    • Developed application to migrate from legacy MYSQL database to Mongo DB.    • Hands on experience in developing and implementing REST API using JAVA.    Environment: AngularJS, NodeJS, Sales JS and HTML5/CSS3, JavaScript, MongoDB, TFS, Visual Studio Code and SASS. Front end Developer Forde search May 2014 to August 2015 Description    Forde HRMS Project manages the different roles like client, employee, jobseeker and admin. It consists of attendance module, payroll generation module, tax declaration and joining formalities, manpower requisition by different clients, day to day time sheets and schedule of the employees and automated payroll generation for different level of employees with tax declarations.    Responsibilities:    • Dynamic web site design and programming using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery.    • Developed JQuery based calendar to schedule appointments.    • Created appropriate concept models, site organization prototypes, navigation, page layouts    • Interaction.    • Developed HTML prototype documents with CSS Style Sheets.    • Developed interface to display report data using JQuery, AJAX, JavaScript and JSON, XML    • Used various JQuery plugins like auto complete, date picker, color picker, document slider to enhance the usability, functionality and overall experience for website.    • Implemented pagination and sorting functionalities in different modules using JQuery plugins    • Designed the front- end applications, user interactive (UI) web pages using web technologies like HTML, XHTML, and CSS.    • Deployed the application using IBM Web Sphere Application Server.    • Served as the Lead Developer for the team of eight.    • Built complex desktop - style UI using HTML, CSS, JavaScript and AJAX including configuration wizards and interactive reports.    • Developed the Web Interface using Servlets, Java Server Pages, HTML and CSS.    • Developed the DAO objects using JDBC.    • Business Services using the Servlets and Java.    • Developed and modified Servlets to accept and process request from the clients.    • Developed various objects using java and HTML and DHTML to maintain well-structured GUI and to interact with Controllers to get data from Oracle database.    • User input validations done using JavaScript and developed use cases using UML.    • Extreme programming methodologies for replacing the existing code and testing in J2EE environment.    • Developed java classes for business layer.    • Developed frontend layout and intro for home page using Fireworks.    • Utilized the mail merge techniques in MS Word for the time reduction in sending certificates.    • Extensively used images of the product for web and catalogue.    • Web Application Developed using Web Technologies 2.0.    • Using advanced level of JQUERY, AJAX, JavaScript, CSS and pure CSS layouts.    • Used Firebug and IE Developer Toolbar for debugging and browser compatibility, cross-browser platform testing and compatibility assurance    • Using SVN for version control.  • Participated in requirement gathering, coordinated with various development teams in code integration.  Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, JSON, AJAX, XML, Adobe Dreamweaver, Eclipse, MySQL and IBM WebSphere Application Server.    • Analyzed, Designed and developed the system to meet the requirements of users.    • Participated in daily pulse of the application to come up with UI and provide best possible recommendations for the application from UI standpoint.    • Developed UI using JavaScript, HTML, CSS, JavaScript validations, jQuery and XML.    • Used AJAX for implementing part of the functionality for Customer Registration, View Customer information modules.    • Implemented interaction between frontend and backend using the JSON object.    • Wrote Cross Browser code of CSS and JavaScript for Internet Explorer and Firefox.    Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, JSON, AJAX, XML, Adobe Dreamweaver, Eclipse, MySQL and IBM WebSphere Application Server. Education Master's in NH computer information systems New England College Skills DATABASE (4 years), HTML (4 years), JAVASCRIPT (4 years), JSON (4 years), DOM (2 years) Additional Information Technical skills:  Web Technologies: Bootstrap3, Jquery, HTML, HTML5, CSS2/3, XML, JavaScript, DOM, AJAX, JSON, MV* Framework, Angular 2/4. Typescript, Angular CLI, Node Js, Azure cloud services  IDE, Editors: Sublime Text, Eclipse IDE, Notepad++, Adobe Photoshop. Visual  studio code  Web/App Servers: Apache Tomcat 7.0, HTTP Web Server, Web sphere, Web logic  Database: MySQL, SQL, Mongo db  Browser: All (IE, Firefox, Opera, Chrome, Safari)  Debugging Tools: Firefox, Developer Tools    Operating Systems: Windows, Mac, Linux  Package Manage: NPM, Bower, Grunt, GULP.  Frond End & Build tools: CorelDraw, Dreamweaver, Adobe Photoshop CS5, Illustrator & Jenkins  Version Control: GIT, TFS.