Software/Java Developer Software/Java <span class="hl">Developer</span> Software/Java Developer - Sony Music Entertainment Jersey City, NJ ? More than 5 years of professional experience in software design, development, and implementation of Web based and Client-Server applications.  ? Participation in all phases of Software Development Life Cycle including analysis, design, coding, testing.  ? Experience in developing REST API using JAX-RS.  ? Experience in Web Technologies using HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, JavaScript, JQuery and AJAX.  ? Experience in using JavaScript MVC based architectures like Angular2.  ? Well-versed in Object Oriented Programming (OOP) like Java Core and Java Enterprise Edition.  ? Involved in the Software Life Cycle phases like AGILE and estimating the timelines for projects.  ? Very good experience in Document Object Model (DOM).  ? Experience with SQL and Database related development.  ? Hands on experience working with ReactJS. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Software/Java Developer Sony Music Entertainment - New York, NY May 2014 to Present Project 1: Re-designing and development of Sony Music Asset Management System using Angular2  Skills & Tools: Angular2, JavaScript, Node JS, NPM Packages, JQuery Libraries, REST API, Jasmine, Karma    My responsibilities include:  ? Involved in requirements analysis and documenting technical specifications.  ? Designed the application in Component based architecture.  ? Designed mockup screens to demonstrate business user's requirements.  ? Developed core functionality with the Node JS using NPM packages.  ? Implementation of client side validations using Angular2.  ? Used Html5, CSS3 and Bootstrap to build responsive web pages according to the wireframes.  ? Implemented REST API web services to talk to the middleware.  ? Developed custom components, directives, pipes and services using Angular2.  ? Conduct unit testing using Jasmine testing framework and Karma test runner to ensure good quality of the work developed.  ? Providing Development / System Testing, UAT support.  ? Used and trained the team with GITLab server for version control.    Project 2: Re-designing the Sony Music Asset Delivery System using ReactJS  Skills & Tools: ReactJS, React Bootstrap, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, AJAX, JQuery Libraries, REST API, GitLab, Jasmine    My responsibilities include:  ? Involved in requirements analysis and documenting technical specifications.  ? Actively involved in every phase of the system design.  ? Responsible for developing efficient design and user interactive Sony Music's internal web application using HTML, CSS, JavaScript (ES6), ReactJS, React Bootstrap, AJAX and JSON.  ? Used React Bootstrap for making the application responsive.  ? Designed and developed REST APIs for fetching data efficiently from the database.  ? Tested the application by creating unit tests using Jasmine framework.  ? Designed mockup screens to demonstrate business user's requirements.  ? Implementation of client side validations using ReactJS.  ? Used Html5, CSS3 and React Bootstrap to build responsive web pages according to the wireframes.  ? Successfully pushed the application to production and handling the bug fixed and maintenance since then.    Project 3: Establishing workflows to enable data-sharing between several departments using web API calls  Skills & Tools: Java EE, Jersey, JAX-RS, Jackson, JSON    My responsibilities include:  ? Involved in requirements analysis and documenting technical specifications.  ? Designed the workflow patterns for two different systems for exchanging data.  ? Designed API Spec definition using Swagger Editor.  ? Developed REST API for exchanging data between two systems using Jersey framework.  ? Conducted manual and JSON response testing to ensure good quality of the work developed.  ? Providing technical and maintenance support.    Other Responsibilities:  ? Maintaining multiple development branches and HEAD/Master branch on GIT for multiple projects.  ? Strengthening development methodologies by introducing code quality practices. Front End Developer isrInfoTech - Gurgaon, IN June 2013 to April 2014 Online Merchandise Store Web Application Development  Skills & Tools: HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript, AJAX, Git, jQuery  My responsibilities include:  ? Involved in requirements analysis and documenting technical specifications.  ? Initiated the project and delivered before deadline while working collaboratively with other team members.  ? Developed dynamic and interactive web application that ensured high traffic, page views, user experience.  ? Utilized HTML, CSS and JavaScript to create views for the application.  ? Used AJAX controls, Web Forms, JavaScript and HTML for payments and inventory reports.  ? Developed various AJAX controls and widgets to build a rich user experience.  ? Involved in developing jQuery and AJAX wrapper classes for faster retrieval of data and user friendly animations.  ? Used JavaScript regular expressions for front- end validations.  ? Used SEO techniques for reducing traffic and increase performance of the web application.  ? Unit tested the entire application using Jasmine Unit Testing framework. Front End Developer Cien Systems - Gurgaon, IN August 2012 to May 2013 Health Care Company Development Website Development  Skills & Tools: HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript, PHP, Adobe InDesignCC, WordPress  My responsibilities include:  ? Involved in gathering requirements and documenting technical specifications.  ? Designed wireframes for the website using Adobe InDesignCC.  ? Initiated and developed the website and launched it successfully before the proposed deadline.  ? Utilized WordPress Content Management System for maintaining the website content and code.  ? Used HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript and PHP for creating custom theme and pages on WordPress.  ? Created multiple forms and downloadable content for the visitors.  ? Handled cross browser/platform compatibility issues (IE, Firefox, and Safari) on both Windows and Mac. Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Science Clemson University Skills Java (2 years), Javascript (4 years), angularJS2 (1 year), ReactJS (1 year), CSS3 (2 years), HTML 5 (2 years), REST API (2 years), NodeJS (2 years), JQuery (3 years), Python (Less than 1 year), Bootstrap (3 years) Awards President's List 2015-07 Earned inclusion on the Clemson University President's List, Summer 2015.  GPA: 4.0/4.0 Dean's List 2015-01 Earned inclusion on the Clemson University President's List, Spring 2015.  GPA: 3.64/4.0 Certifications/Licenses Accelerating Through Angular2 August 2016 to Present https://www.codeschool.com/ Mastering GitHub January 2016 to Present https://www.codeschool.com/