Front End Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End Developer - NJM Insurance Group Harrison, NJ ? Over 5 years of experience in user interface development and web application development.  ? Hands-on experience in Model-View-Controller (MVC) framework.  ? Strong Experience using front- end technology likes HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, XML, jQuery, Ajax, JSON.  ? Experienced in developing Single Page Applications.  ? Expertise in developing SPA's using Angular JS framework.  ? Solid experience in Angular Services, Factories, Routing, Filters and Factories.  ? Expertise in Creating Angular Templates using Angular UI BootStrap.  ? Strong developing experience in developing Responsive Web Applications using CSS3 Media Queries and CSS BootStrap.  ? Experience in developing Test Driven JavaScript components.  ? Solid experience in JavaScript OOP and PrototypeJS.  ? Expertise in JavaScript Unit Testing Tools like QUnit and Protractor.  ? Extensive experience on frameworks including AngularJS, Bootstrap, Node.js, Backbone.js etc.  ? Proficient in using Ajax for implementing dynamic Webpages where the content was fetched via API calls and updated the DOM (JSON Parsing).  ? Significant experience in web development tools like Eclipse and WebStorm.  ? Strong Experience in testing and handling cross browser compatibility issues across various browsers and platforms.  ? Experience in performing GET and POST requests in Ajax of HTML, XML, JSON using jQuery  ? Solid understanding of Object Oriented Programming concepts.  ? Experience in CORE JAVA, J2SE 1.6 & 1.7  ? Hands-on relational databases involved in application development using RDBMS likes MySQL, Oracle 11g  ? Experience in Agile methodologies.  ? Excellent understanding of Web Services (SOAP and REST).  ? Good knowledge on developing web based application using J2EE technologies like JSP, Servlet, JDBC, Spring, Hibernate, Maven, Apache Tomcat web server, GlassFish web server.  ? Strong Experience using mainstream browser developing tools including Firebug and Chrome Inspector.  ? Excellent analytical, problem solving and interpersonal skills. Ability to learn new concepts fast. Consistent team player with excellent communication skills.  ? Leading, Cooperating & communicating with other team members for efficient management of work.  ? Strong ability to understand business processes/requirements and translating them into technical requirements. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Front End Developer NJM Insurance Group - West Trenton, NJ May 2014 to Present Project: Insurance Policy Application  Description:    73 2 - 7 9 0 - 2 2 4 1    karlh.ui@outlook.com    New Jersey Manufacturers Insurance Company began in 1913, founded by factory owners who wanted to purchase insurance from a reliable, local, safety-oriented carrier. The Company has worked steadily ever since to build a reputation for efficiency, integrity and superior service.    Insurance policy application is a web based thin client to view a policy summary, make changes to it, quote changes , make payments and get forms and documents. Policy summary offer a comprehensive view of the policy including driver, vehicle and coverage information.  The application can be used to make payments online show claims activity and use the resource center which provides information like insurance 101, vehicle info, driving safety etc.    Responsibilities:  ? Involved in creating the UI screens and a dynamic website model.  ? Created neat and user-friendly webpage using HTML5 and CSS3, JS and jQuery.  ? Created responsive webpage to different platforms by applying Bootstrap CSS.  ? Implemented MVC architecture using Angular JS.  ? Implemented Credit Card payment interface using JavaScript and Angular JS Factories, Routing, Filters and Factories.  ? Designing user information page by creating Angular Templates using Angular UI BootStrap.  ? Filling up the Web Applications using CSS3 Media Queries and CSS BootStrap.  ? Performed Unit Testing using tools like QUnit and Protractor.  ? Used AJAX calls for data updates in UI along with JSON data parsing.  ? Optimized HTML and JavaScript code to reduce web page loading time.  ? Involved in debugging HTML, CSS and JS code using tools such as Chrome Inspector, Firefox Firebug, IE Tester protractor.  ? Resolved Cross-Browser issues for Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Internet Explorer, and Safari.  ? Collaborated with teammates and updated application versions using SVN.  ? Involved in website maintenance and support.    Environment:  HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, Bootstrap, JavaScript, Angular JS, AJAX, JSON, SVN, WebStorm Java.    Java Web developer Front End Web Developer Great Treasure, NJ August 2013 to April 2014 Project: Online Shopping Website Development  Description:    Great Treasures is a furnishing company that provides a large amount of good gifts and decor items for home. The online shopping website aims to provide a pleasant and safe shopping environment, including order tracking, returns management, supervise warranties, etc. I'm responsible for developing simple and user-friendly interactive web applications.    Responsibilities:  ? Designed and created a dynamic website model which served as design guide for the development team.  ? Used BootStrap framework created a well responsive single page website with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.  ? Developed rating and data fetched by using AJAX and JSON  ? Redesigned user interface HTML frameworks with Bootstrap and CSS styling.  ? Applied media queries to created responsive website across different size of screens.  ? Solved Cross-Browser Compatibility challenges and processing Responsiveness.  ? Designed and implemented navigation bar, interaction and styling for an AJAX environment.  ? Created unit tests, end to end (E2E) tests in Node.js with Protractor to test web application.  ? Used AJAX & JSON communication for accessing RESTful web services data payload.  ? Committed code change into repository by using version control tool SVN.  ? Worked closely with business-side clients to deliver attractive, easy-to-understand screens that appropriate reflected the company's fulfillment workflow.    Environment:  HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JSON, AJAX, XML, SVN, Chrome Inspector, IE Tester, Bootstrap, Java. UI Developer TD Bank November 2012 to July 2013 Description:    Ranked as the fifth-largest bank in US founded earliest in St. Louis, TD Bank provides several kinds of banking and financial services whose premium products include credit cards, consumer banking, corporate banking and investment banking. In this project, the main purpose was to build an interface for users to login the account, manage their account information and money. Also this project can help users to transfer money and pay bills online.    Responsibilities:  ? Responsible for designing, configuration, development, validating application.  ? Implemented user interface guidelines and standards throughout the development and maintenance of the website using DHTML, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery.  ? Used AJAX & JSON communication for accessing RESTful web services data payload.  ? Created Responsive Designs (Mobile/Tablet/Desktop) using HTML & CSS, Bootstrap.  ? Used CSS3 Gradients, Transitions, Transforms and Animations for the design.  ? Use Node.js package manager(npm) and bower for dependency management.  ? Created unit tests, end to end (E2E) tests in Node.js with Protractor to test web application.  ? Debugged the application using Firebug to traverse the documents and manipulated the Nodes using DOM and DOM Functions using Firefox and IE Developer Tool bar for IE.  ? Testing and handling cross browser compatibility issues across various browsers and platforms.  ? Enhanced and built reusable components across different modules using Custom directives and CSS classes.    Environment: JavaScript, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JSON, Ajax, XML, WebStorm, Protractor, Node.js, Java. J2EE Web Developer Bank of China - ??? June 2011 to July 2012 Bank of China Limited is one of the 5 biggest state-owned commercial banks in the People's Republic of China.  Project: Innovez    Project Description:  Innovez System is a high-performance Financial Application for the organizations, which deal with Equities, Foreign Exchange and Fixed Deposits. The application is a high-transactional e-commerce based application. This n-tier architecture supports a centralized data sharing between these subsystems using XML for data buffering and transfer. Developed and maintained systems on the principles of J2EE architecture.    Responsibility:  ? Associated with redesigning the database for future use and making a tuning for the database using SQL and PL/SQL for SQL Server.  ? Implemented user interface guidelines and standards throughout the development and maintenance of the website using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery.  ? Redesigned user interface HTML frameworks with CSS styling.  ? Involved in various phases of waterfall.  ? Collaborated with teammates and updated application versions using SVN.  ? Used JavaScript to do the validation part of the web pages.  Environment: JSP, JavaScript, CSS, HTML Front End Web Developer Huapai art exhibition and Trading Ltd - ??? April 2010 to May 2011 Project name: Huapai Artwork Exhibition and Trading Network  Project Description:  Huapai art exhibition network Revolve around the concept of "round the artist's dream", by the good faith as the principle to provide a platform for art lovers and the art appreciator to communicate through instant news and support online exhibition and trading for artworks.    Responsibility:  ? Designed and developed ( front- end) different web pages using HTML and CSS.  ? Designed the functions of the webpage by using JavaScript.  ? Redesigned user interface HTML frameworks with CSS styling.  ? Used JavaScript to do the validation part of the web pages.  ? Worked within a team environment.  Environment: JavaScript, HTML, CSS, jQuery, webstorm Education Master of Science in Electronic Engineering New Jersey Institute of Technology - Newark, NJ Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications - ??? Bachelor of Science in Electronic Engineering School of Communication Engineering Skills Angular Services, Factories, Routing, Filters and Factories, CSS3 Media Queries and CSS BootStrap, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, XML, jQuery, Ajax, JSON, AngularJS, Bootstrap, Node.js, Backbone.js, JSP, Servlet, JDBC, Spring, Hibernate, Maven, Apache Tomcat web server, GlassFish web server, Firebug and Chrome Inspector. Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  Operating Systems\ Design Patterns\  MS Windows (NT/2000/XP/2003/7/8)\ MVVM, MVC, MVP, Factory, Repository, \  Singleton  Languages\ J2EE  SQL, Java, Matlab JSP,Servlets,JDBC    WEB Technologies\ Rich GUI\  Servlets, XML, Web Services, Java Script, \ HTML5, CSS3\  SPRING MVC, Ajax, RESTful Services \ CSS Bootstrap, jQuery, jQuery UI \    RDBMS\ JavaScript API/Frameworks\  My SQL \ AngularJS, Node.Js\  PrototypeJs  IDE\ Application/Web Servers\  Eclipse, WebStorm\ Apache, Tomcat\  Versioning Tools\  SVN, CVS, GIT\