Front End Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End Developer - Wells Fargo, CA San Gabriel, CA • Over 4+ years of Hands on technical experience on Front End (client side) technologies like HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, Less/SASS, MVC, And Responsive Web Design.  • Strong front- end UI development skills using scripting languages like HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript and jQuery and AJAX.  • Hands on experience with Object-Oriented JavaScript. Good understanding of OOPS Concepts and prototypes.  • Expertise with MVC JavaScript Frameworks like Angular.JS for fast-paced web development and better functionality.  • Experienced in developing Single Page Applications.  • Extensive experience in Cross-browser HTML, CSS JavaScript coding to offer responsive website layouts to modern browsers and mobile devices.  • Responsible for creating responsive application by using HTML5, CSS3 and Bootstrap.  • Developed non-functional HTML and CSS pages from mockups and involved in UI review with Designers to ensure excellent User Experience (UX).  • Designed dynamic and browser compatible web page using web design techniques HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript and jQuery.  • Good knowledge of WordPress CMS.  • Experience in various Charting/UI tools like jqPlot, High Charts, Google API, Mapbox API, and jQuery UI.  • Experience in working with templating engines like jQuery Templates, jQuery Grow, jQuery Element and Tumbles YouTube Plugin.  • Worked on all phases of Software Development Life Cycle SDLC including requirements gathering through client interaction, Design, Documentation, Development, Integration, Testing, Configuration and Production Support.  • Experience in major web applications servers, including Apache Tomcat, JBoss and WebLogic.  • Participated in development of a well responsive single page application using Bootstrap framework, and jQuery in conjunction with HTML5, CSS3 standards, with front- end UI team.  • Proficient in developing web page quickly and effectively using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Responsive Web Design (RWD), and experience in making webpage cross browser compatible.  • Ability to learn new technologies with minimal time.  • Expert-level knowledge of cross-browser, cross-platform compatibility and design constraints and Google analytics. Developed RWD using Media Queries and Bootstrap. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Front End Developer Wells Fargo, CA April 2018 to Present • Participated in meetings with the end-clients to develop layout, color scheme for the web page and implemented them with the help of HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript.  • Collaborated with the team to improve existing functionality, maintain websites, and booking systems.  • Responsible for investigating the issues, defects, determining problem root cause and formulating corrective action.  • Handled browser compatibility issues working on different web browsers by using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, SASS for Google Chrome, Firefox, Safari and IE browsers.  • Built Web pages that are more user-interactive using jQuery plugins for Drag and Drop, Auto Complete, JSON, Angular JS, React JS, JavaScript, Bootstrap.  • Functionalities include writing code in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, JSF and testing the functionalities using JUnit.  • Created web services and desktop applications to access and display data needed by support teams using, Ajax, JavaScript, JQuery, Angular.JS, Node.js, Java, CSS and HTML.  • Experience in designing web applications employing Search Engine Optimization (SEO) techniques and Search Engine Strategies (SES).  • Coded pages with best Search Engine Optimization (SEO) techniques.  • Involved in the development, testing and debugging of Web API with Postman working in an Agile environment.  • Built backend web services to perform authentication, fetch user details integrating with the front- end code. Front End Web Developer Blue Cross Blue Shield April 2016 to March 2018 Extensive usage of JavaScript, Angular.JS, Typescript, Bootstrap, jQuery/AJAX, JSON, HTML4/5,  CSS2/3.  • The front- end use HTML5, CSS3, LESS and Bootstrap to build a single page web app that communicate with back- end via REST API.  • Developed different components through Angular-CLI for the web application.  • Creating Front- end Applications using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, React.JS, Redux, JQuery, AJAX, XML and JSON.  • Site core Certified Developer with working knowledge of several content management systems, including Site core, WordPress, Drupal, and MODX.  • Used Typescript and its features such as static typing, classes, and interfaces.  • Updated WordPress themes to meet the needs of the small business owner.  • Good knowledge about CMS concept, C Panel, WordPress and has modified theme as per requirements.  • Utilized HTML5, CSS3, Angular.JS, JavaScript, jQuery, and AJAX to create a user login system that allowed customers to login.  • Used Gulp to compile and compress the JavaScript, CSS, HTML files with Babel, ESlint and used Web pack to bundle files.  • Worked under Test-Driven Development (TDD) environment and performed unit testing using Jasmine and Karma.  • Worked with QA team on daily basis to fix the reported bugs/defects and checking cross platform compatibility.  • Installed the application on AWS EC2 instances and configured the storage on S3 buckets.  • Used GIT as a Version Control system and for code management.  • Worked in a collaborative and agile environment. UI Developer VIR Stocks - IN June 2013 to July 2015 • Code websites, create wireframes, storyboards to demonstrate the user journey, actions and contexts and comps to design UX/UI, produce Flash and jQuery animations.  • Extensive experience in designing professional UI web applications using technologies like HTML, CSS, JavaScript, XML, jQuery, and Bootstrap.  • Creation of page templates, CSS style sheets, HTML & platform-specific presentation layer code, content and style guides as a hands-on team member throughout development and implementation.  • Developed non-functional HTML, CSS pages from the mockups and involved in UI review with UI architect and Business Units.  • Used advanced level of HTML5, JavaScript, CSS3 and pure CSS layouts.  • Implemented online transferring user interface using HTML5, JavaScript validations on the front- end, with AJAX for asynchronous communication.  • Works with Adaptive web-designing and developing CSS Media Queries to make the application compatible with all devices.  • Involved in making the application Responsive using CSS and CSS preprocessors like SASS  • Used AJAX, JSON with jQuery to request data and response processing  • Involved in writing application-level code to interact with APIs, Web Services using AJAX, jQuery, and JSON  • Created Cross-Browser compatible and standards-compliant CSS-base page layouts.  • Debugged and tested the application using Jasmine and Chrome develop the tool.  • Used Ajax and jQuery to update the parts message sending and receiving part of the web application.  • Worked with CSS Background, CSS Layouts, CSS positioning, CSS text, CSS border, CSS margin, CSS padding, CSS table, Pseudo classes, Pseudo elements and CSS behaviors in CSS. Education Master of Computer Information Systems in Computer Information Systems California State University - Los Angeles, CA Skills AJAX (4 years), BOOTSTRAP (4 years), HTML5 (4 years), JAVASCRIPT (4 years), jQuery (4 years) Additional Information Skills    UI Technology: HTML5, CSS3, SASS, LESS, Bootstrap, JavaScript, jQuery    Libraries & frameworks: AngularJS 1.x/2.0/4.0, React, Node.js    Reporting Tools: D3.js, Angular Fusion Charts    Web Services Technologies: Chart.js XML, JSON, AJAX, REST    Databases: MySQL, MongoDB    Version Control Tools: GIT, SVN    Unit Testing Tools: Jasmine, QUnit, Karma, Mocha, Chai    Task runner & Bundler: Gulp, Grunt, Webpack    Development Methodologies: Agile, Scrum, TDD, BDD    Deployment Operating Systems: Amazon Web Services (AWS), Windows, Linux, Mac OS    IDEs: Eclipse, Vim, WebStorm, NetBeans, Sublime    Editors: text, Atom, Visual Studio Code, Dreamweaver