CEO CEO CEO Aliso Viejo, CA To work with a talented team creating world-class user experiences. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience CEO Chalk Brackets - Boston, MA March 2015 to November 2015 Recruited the founding team, handled all logistics such as legal, finances, partnerships, etc.  ? Acted originally as system architect, building the back end with Django & Django Rest Framework.  ? Once a CTO had been hired, shifted focus to front- end development and product, building the user  interface with the latest web technologies: React, WebPack, Babel, Gulp, etc Front End Developer Nanigans - Boston, MA January 2014 to June 2014 Created complex data-intensive user interfaces for a leading ad-tech SaaS company.  ? Wrote the vast majority of code using JavaScript and Less for a single-page app.  ? Key features created included a formula builder allowing creation of custom metrics, intelligent column  selection, MixPanel event tracking, & dynamic tooltips and popovers. Lead Front End Developer Punchey - Boston, MA February 2013 to August 2013 and again from July 2014 to June 2015  ? Worked across the full stack, adding and enhancing features to a payment and marketing SaaS  application for small businesses. The back- end was Django. The front- end made heavy use of jQuery.  ? Built online deal and gift-card platform, including a widget for businesses to add to their website through a JavaScript snippet.  ? Assisted in product management, wireframing, & design of new features in a small startup team.  ? Redesigned and rebuilt the entire external marketing site and onboarding flow multiple times. Software Developer CIDC - Cambridge, MA August 2011 to May 2012 First professional software experience, developing a state-of-the-art poker client in an Agile team using  FlashBuilder & ActionScript, porting logic from previous application written in C++. Education Computer Science University of Massachusetts Amherst - Amherst, MA Additional Information AREA OF EXPERTISE    with a focus on usability and design principles.  Front- end web development    TECHNICAL SKILLS    HTML, CSS/Less/Sass, JavaScript, Python, PHP, SQL  Languages:  Frameworks & Libraries: Django, Django Rest Framework, Node.js, jQuery, Bootstrap 3, Foundation 5  Git/GitHub & SVN  Version Control:  Product Management Tools: Trello, JIRA, Confluence, & Basecamp  Wireframing & Design: Balsamiq, Sketch, & Photoshop