Web Designer & Developer (Freelance) Web Designer &amp; <span class="hl">Developer</span> (Freelance) Front- End Developer / Interactive Designer Burbank, CA Work Experience Web Designer & Developer (Freelance) EpicTransmission - Burbank, CA June 2011 to Present Independent freelance work consisting of everything from accounting and client presentations to website design, development, and interactive media consulting. Recent work includes the launch of the Cucamonga Tool Co. E-commerce website using the Shopify e-commerce shopping framework, as well as company branding and website development for Appliance Plumbing using the Twitter bootstrap framework to compose markup and add site functionality. Front- End Developer GUESS? Inc. - Los Angeles, CA August 2013 to October 2014 Worked in the E-commerce sector developing the brand's digital presence with desktop and mobile pages for national sweepstakes and promotional webpages such a Denim Diaries and Looks To Love. Constructed dynamic Facebook-driven product display pages driven by Ajax and XML, and executed daily email newsletter creation using HTML table-based layouts with CSS. Utilized Photoshop and Automater to run scripts to resize large quantities of files and efficiently reorganize file structure and naming conventions. Worked proactively in a driven team environment to follow projects through to a finished state. Front- End Developer Forever 21 - Los Angeles, CA September 2012 to June 2013 Worked on a team of two in the E-commerce interactive department. Designed and developed site wide company updates implementing jQuery, HTML, and CSS, including moving away from table-based design and markup to more semantic div layouts, creation of revenue boosting holiday pop-up advertisements, and front- end development of a one-page checkout process. Designer & Developer Bemis Balkind - Los Angeles, CA August 2012 to September 2012 Worked as a member of the interactive team on production assets for The Rolling Stones 50 iBook. Responsibilities primarily consisted of Photoshop artwork production and developing JavaScript interaction for key parts of the book such as the interactive tour map, as well as internal company web pages for client presentations. Front- End Developer Trailer Park - Hollywood, CA October 2011 to March 2012 Used XHTML, CSS, and the iOS simulator in order to translate books from PDF files to interactive eBooks for the iPad and iPod as part of the company's Publishing team. Designed and developed numerous novels, cookbooks, and comics for the Apple iBookstore with titles from companies like Disney and Marvel including the Marvel: Avengers Digital Comic Book. Front- End Developer Hyperdisk Media - Irvine, CA October 2011 to October 2011 Translated Photoshop compositions into working web pages and singlehandedly developed Post Ranch Inn's Big Sur, CA vacation microsite (completed in 2 days); implemented extensive HTML to create email templates for holiday specials at both Squaw Valley and The Carneros Inn luxury resorts; updated website content for Sheraton Waikiki website through ASP-based CMS. Education Bachelors of Science in Web Design & Interactive Media The Art Institute of California - Santa Ana, CA Skills XHTML • HTML5 • CSS2, 3 • JavaScript • jQuery • PHP • Site Maps • User Flows • Wire Framing • Grid Systems • Content Strategy • Typography • Color Theory • Sublime Text 2 • Coda • Dreamweaver • Photoshop • Illustrator • After Effects Links http://www.epictransmission.com http://www.linkedin.com/in/segurachristian/