Front End Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End Developer - Owens Corning Perrysburg, OH A highly motivating and progressive career in the domain of Web Design & Development and Web based Products  and to work at my best to quickly and creatively achieve the desired outcome on a project.    Current Role  Front End Developer & UI Developer  On H1-B Employer Sponsored Visa which is valid till Sep 2017 & extendable for another 3 years.    Role Responsibilities  • Innovate, architect and develop elegant solutions for UI that matches requirements of the client.  • Follow modern practices of web development.  • Architect, design, development and testing of UI components.  • Evaluate and recommend technologies / frameworks.  • Advising client's on changes for improvement in website layout and making the website more user-friendly.  • Mainly focusing on cross-browser compatibility as well as on multi-device layouts (RWD).  • Improving Website SEO Using Accessibility Techniques. Sponsorship required to work in the US Work Experience Front End Developer Owens Corning May 2016 to Present Project: Business Dashboard Web Application    Responsibilities:  • Worked closely with the client to clearly define project requirements and plans.  • Applied responsive design principles to webpages using Twitter Bootstrap.  • Created dashboard interface using JavaScript and Angular JS.  • Used Angular JS $http service to consume RESTful services.  • Optimized HTML and JavaScript code to reduce web page loading time. UI Developer Cargill November 2015 to April 2016 Project: Conference Booking Hybrid Mobile App    Responsibilities:  • Worked closely with the client to clearly define project requirements and plans.  • Developed web applications in an agile environment.  • Involved in designing and creating a dynamic website model as a guide for the development team.  • Created layouts and wireframes by Axure.  • Developed screens by applying HTML5/CSS3 & Ionic Framework  • Used Angular JS $http service to consume RESTful services.  • Modified pictures to fit better on webpages using Adobe Photoshop. Front End Developer Owens Corning June 2015 to February 2016 Project: Pipe Strand Web Application http://www.owenscorning.com/composite/pipestrand    Responsibilities:  • Worked closely with the client to clearly define project requirements and plans.  • Implemented complete webpages design with interactive navigation as well as general architecture.  • Developed responsive webpages for different platforms by applying Foundation Framework.  • Angular JS form validation and used AJAX to send the form data to the server in JSON format.  • Optimized HTML and JavaScript code to reduce web page loading time.  • Collaborated with teammates and updated application versions using Git with GitHub. UI Developer Owens Corning October 2015 to November 2015 Project: SAP MII Web Application    Responsibilities:  • Developed user interface using HTML and CSS.  • Functionality implemented using JavaScript & Angular JS.  • Implemented fundamental web functions using JavaScript and jQuery.  • Implemented dynamic web applications using AJAX and JSON. Front End Developer Owens Corning March 2015 to May 2015 Project: Sign Board Web Application    Responsibilities:  • Developed user interface using HTML and CSS.  • Complex math functionality implemented using Math.js library.  • Implemented fundamental web functions using JavaScript and jQuery. Front End Developer Owens Corning September 2014 to February 2015 Project: Pultrusion Web Application http://www.owenscorning.com/composite/pultrusion    Responsibilities:  • Implemented complete webpages design with interactive navigation as well as general architecture.  • Developed responsive webpages for different platforms by applying Foundation Framework.  • Angular JS form validation and used AJAX to send the form data to the server in JSON format.  • Optimized HTML and JavaScript code to reduce web page loading time. Front End Developer Owens Corning May 2014 to August 2014 Project: Cavity Complete Web Application http://www.cavitycomplete.com/    Responsibilities:  • Implemented complete webpages design with interactive navigation as well as general architecture.  • Optimized HTML and JavaScript code to reduce web page loading time.  • Resolved Cross-Browser issues for Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Internet Explorer, Safari, and Opera.  • Collaborated with teammates and updated application versions using Tortoise SVN.  • Involved in website maintenance and support.  • Modified pictures to fit better on webpages using Adobe Photoshop. Web Application Developer Owens Corning December 2012 to April 2014 Project: Owens Corning Roofing Web Application https://w.owenscorning.com/    Responsibilities:  • Implemented application service layer using WCF services.  • Typical business functionality implemented in C#.  • Design few pages & form in HTML5/CSS3 and complete responsive.  • Resolved Cross-Browser issues for Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Internet Explorer, Safari, and Opera.  • Involved in website maintenance and support. Web Application Developer TCS Internal September 2012 to November 2012 Project: Employee Management System Web Application    Responsibilities:  • Developed user interface using HTML and CSS.  • Implemented system functionality in ASP.NET & ADO.NET.  • Implemented fundamental web functions using JavaScript and jQuery.  • Collaborated with teammates and updated application versions Microsoft TFS. Education B.Tech in Computer Science & Engineering University School of Information Technology - New Delhi, Delhi 2012 Additional Information Technical Skills    Web Programming  HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, jQuery UI, Angular JS, Sass & Less, Twitter Bootstrap Framework,  Foundation 5 Framework, Ionic Framework, Charts, Responsive Web Design (RWD), .NET, C#, WCF Services, Rest  APIs, JSON, XML, AJAX, Task Runner (Bower/Grunt/Gulp)    Tools/Software  Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Brackets, Adobe Dreamweaver, Axure, WebStorm, ScoutApp, Microsoft Visual Studio  2010-12, Tortoise SVN, GitHub    Certifications & Trainings  • Hybrid App Development  • Angular JS  • AJAX & JQuery  • HTML5/CSS3