Web Developer Web <span class="hl">Developer</span> Currently Web Developer at Wells Fargo Fremont, CA • Experienced in developing web applications using HTML5, CSS3, SASS, LESS, Bootstrap, JavaScript, JQuery, AngularJS, ReactJS, DustJS and RequireJS.  • Knowledge of various MVC JavaScript frameworks - node.js, react.js and lodash.js.  • Good knowledge in SOAP and RESTful web services development.  • Experience in performing GET and POST request in AJAX call of HTML, JSON/XML using JavaScript, JQuery and AngularJS.  • Worked extensively on Grunt, Gulp, Yeoman, Bower, Compass etc. developing tools. Work Experience Web Developer Wells Fargo - San Francisco, CA April 2017 to Present • Developed Page layouts complete explicit design with the help of HTML5 and CSS3 with the help of CSS preprocessors Less for creating clean and faster stylesheet and responsive by Media Queries.  • Handled CSS3 cross browser/platform compatibility issues (IE, Firefox, and Safari) on both Windows and MAC using Modernizer and polyfills.  • Utilized various JavaScript and jQuery libraries, Ajax for other interactive features.  • Used JQuery as library to create a Single Page Application (Phases) which can bind data to specific views and synchronize data with server.  • Utilized DustJS to load and render templates.  • Used RequireJS to split code into modules and loading them for fuzzy development.  • Expertise in unit and functional testing using jasmine and karma JavaScript testing frameworks Implemented and designed user interface for web based customer application.  • Developed UI for creating Dashboard for other application using ReactJS.   • Migrated current application on ReactJS framework.  • Also used JEST and Enzyme JavaScript library to test other application.   • Used Gulp to compile LESS files, uglify and compress js files.  • To maintain the code using GIT version control.  • To perform defect tracking and defect resolution management using JIRA tool.  • Be part of the daily stand up meetings and providing the daily updates following the Agile Methodology. Front End Developer ProTek Consulting - Los Angeles, CA August 2016 to March 2017 • Worked within a lean agile environment with a SCRUM process and continuous delivery, did pair programming with developers, regularly involved in estimations and sprint planning.  • Collaborated with BA, UX, QA and Back- end teams to deliver modules and their functionalities within sprint periods.  • Developed UI for creating Dashboard application using HTML5, CSS3, AngularJS and JavaScript.  • Worked on creating responsive website for multiple devices using responsive web design, Bootstrap and CSS3 media queries.   • Used AngularJS as framework to create a Single Page Application (SPA) which can bind data to specific views and synchronize data with server.  • Developed AngularJS controllers, services, filters, and directives for various modules in the application.  • Implemented nested views and routing using Angular UI Router as per the requirement.  • Implemented AngularJS promises to handle asynchronous communication with our Rest API for various requirements.  • Used AngularJS $http service to consume RESTful services to GET and POST JSON data for different modules from MongoDB.  • Extensively worked on Rest Services and dependency injection.  • Worked upon the dashboard for the project which contained a variety of charts using High charts.   • Expertise in unit and functional testing using jasmine and karma JavaScript testing frameworks Implemented and designed user interface for web based customer application. Web Developer Atyantik Technologies - Vadodara, Gujarat January 2014 to November 2014 • Translating market and product requirements into UI designs in the form of conceptual models, wire frames and prototypes.  • Developed applications that execute the same on various browsers like Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome, and Opera using various debugging tools like Firebug/IE Developer Tools.  • Developed the Front- End User Interface using HTML, CSS and Bootstrap.  • Design and development of Web pages using HTML, CSS including Ajax controls and XML Worked with View State to maintain data between the pages of the application.  • Developed websites using JavaScript, JQuery, Google Maps API (JavaScript Library), XML and Ajax.  • Developed Date Time Picker using Object Oriented JavaScript extensively.  • Designed and developed custom jQuery components for the front- end client side validations.  • Worked on integrating JQuery APIs with MVC pattern.  • Leverage knowledge of W3C standards, cross-browser development technique. Education CERTIFICATE in Computer Science Lamar University January 2015 to July 2016 Information Management 3-D Campus of Lamar University Lamar University campus can be each state different buildings of the university business autoservice center M.S. in Computer Science Lamar University B.E. in Computer Science Gujarat Technological University Skills JAVASCRIPT (3 years), JSON (3 years), CSS (3 years), XML (2 years), HTML5 (3 years), ReactJS (1 year), AngularJS (2 years) Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  • Programming: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, ECMAScript 6, TypeScript  • JavaScript Frameworks: AngularJS, DustJS, RequireJS, ReactJS.  • JavaScript Build Tool: GruntJS, GulpJS, Webpack.  • JavaScript Testing Framework: Karma, Jasmine, Enzyme, Jest  • CSS Frameworks: Bootstrap, Foundation.  • CSS Preprocessors: SASS-Compass, LESS  • Data Exchange: JSON, XML  • Databases: MySQL, MongoDB  • Version Control: GIT and SVN  • Build Tools and Continuous Integration: Maven, Gradle and Jenkins