Front End Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End Developer - State and Props in ReactJS Newark, DE • Interactive/UI Developer with 4+ years of professional IT experience with analysis, design, development and implementation of large-scale full life cycle technology solutions for multi-national companies.  • Experience on complete Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) in enterprise, web-based, Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) and client/server applications with models like Waterfall, Agile/Scrum Methodology.  • Experience in designing professional web applications and User Interface (UI) applications using HTML5, CSS3, SASS/SCSS, LESS, Bootstrap, JavaScript, jQuery, JSON, XML, AJAX, ReactJS, ES6, and D3.js.  • Hands-on project experience in implementing JavaScript frameworks and libraries such as jQuery, Node.js, Express, ReactJS, Redux.  • Experience applying the latest software development approaches including MVC, event - driven applications using AJAX, Object Oriented JavaScript, JSON and XML.  • Worked on integrating webpages with XML and JSON data using XSLT, REST and SOAP web services.  • Extensively implemented ES6 for building interactive cross platform web application and optimizing the application for high performance.  • Worked on ReactJS Virtual Dom and rendering views using components which contains additional components called custom HTML tags.  • Developed various screens for the front end using ReactJS and used various predefined components from NPM (Node Package Manager).  • Experience in Redux architecture and implemented SPA's with React Router.  • Used Babel as a JavaScript compiler  • Visualized interactive graphs from JSON data using Tableau, D3.js and Chart.js.  • Experience in Object-Oriented Analysis/Design (Java), progressing from problem statement to well-documented design and successful deployment.  • Experienced in various IDEs like Eclipse, NetBeans, Photoshop Edit Plus, JSFiddle, WebStorm, Sublime text, Notepad++, Microsoft Visual Studio, Microsoft Visual Studio Code, and Brackets.  • Experience in using the task runners like Grunt, Gulp and Webpack.  • Used JIRA for bug tracking and issue tracking.  • Experience using Trello, Kanban Board to track the status of a deliverable like progress and issues.  • Experience in using version controls like Subversion (SVN), GIT.  • Experience with WCAG 2.0 guidelines to provide equal access and equal opportunity to people with diverse abilities.  • Strong problem-solving, organizing, communication and planning skills, with ability to work in team environment. Work Experience Front End Developer State and Props in ReactJS - Dupont, DE March 2018 to Present Project: DuPont was the world's fourth-largest chemical company based on market capitalization[4] and eighth-largest based on revenue. The project is a web application where customers can manage their wealth structure, investments, funding, protection and checking the reports.  Responsibilities:  • Experience in full Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) that includes Requirement gathering and Analyzing, Designing, Coding, Testing, Deployment & Maintenance.  • Involved in designing and developing the web pages using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Bootstrap, SASS, ReactJS, Redux.  • Implemented various screens for the front end using ReactJS and used various predefined components from NPM (Node Package Manager) and redux library.  • Maintaining Parent and child elements by using State and Props in ReactJS.  • Used Babel to convert the ES6 code to browser compatible code.  • Experience in Agile and Scrum Methodology and deeply involved with UX and business team in understanding the requirements.  • Built REST Web services by building Node.js server in the back- end to handle request Ajax calls.  • Gathered data from API/web services via AJAX-JSON calls and updating the DOM within the result sets.  • Involved in code review and deployment of the application on development, testing of production servers.  • Used Jira for bug tracking, issue tracking and project management functions.  • Branching and merging with Git resolve conflicts were few responsibilities.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, SASS, JavaScript, ReactJS, Redux, Babel, Bitbucket, Jira, Jest, Eclipse, NetBeans UI Developer Northwest, Missouri, US November 2016 to December 2017 Project: Northwest is a true advocate of profession-based experience. The aim of the project is to design and develop an application for MS-ACS where students can have access to dashboards, current projects, an internal job portal and few other options.  Responsibilities:  • Involved in Requirement analysis, preparing software Design document, Implementation, UI reviews, and maintenance.  • Involved in web designing using HTML/HTML5, XHTML, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript and extensively used Tableless Design in CSS for positioning.  • Utilizing React JS to develop customer service application to facilitate real time data and report transfer application.  • Extensively implemented ES6 for building interactive cross platform web application and optimizing the application for high performance.  • Implemented UI Screens, Advanced Search, Timer, Navigation Bars, Navigation Menus, Forms, Sorting, Filtering in ReactJS.  • Worked in Agile Environment and attended scrum meetings regularly to show the functionalities implemented and worked closely with business analyst.  • Used ReactJS to create Controllers to handle events triggered by clients and send request to server.  • Utilized a concept called Virtual DOM in React JS to create in-memory data structure cache, enumerate the resulting differences, and then update the browser's displayed DOM efficiently.  • Extended Bootstrap classes to build custom front- end controls; example candidate isotopes.  • Analyzed code and fixed bugs for issues raised by customers and clients.  Environment: ReactJS, Redux, Babel, Java, HTML5, CSS3, SASS, Bootstrap, JavaScript, Node.js, GitHub, Bitbucket Jira, Jest, Eclipse, NetBeans UI Developer I-Exceed technology and solutions - Bengaluru, Karnataka May 2014 to August 2016 Responsibilities:  • Designed and developed the web application using HTML, JavaScript and CSS with focus on user experience and compliance to standards.  • Handled browser compatibility issues in HTML, CSS and JavaScript for IE, Firefox and Chrome.  • Involved in peer-to-peer code reviews and functional testing of the application.  • Developed intranet web applications using Java, JavaScript and CSS.  • Followed MVC pattern and conceptual understanding of unit integration and system testing patterns.  • Implemented dynamic page elements and form error validations using JavaScript.  • Worked on CSS3 to design the navigation, gradient background and used other style properties to enhance the look of the web page.  • Participated in bug thrashing sessions to discuss and resolve bugs with developers.  • Mentoring the new joiners and transfer knowledge to them regarding the UI technologies like HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.  Environment: JavaScript, HTML, CSS, jQuery, AJAX, Eclipse, WebStorm, Tomcat server and Windows XP Education Masters in Applied Computer Science in Applied Computer Science Northwest Missouri State University - Northwest, Missouri, US 2017 Bachelor of Technology in Information Technology in Information Technology Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University - Hyderabad, Telangana 2015 Skills HTML (3 years), JAVASCRIPT (4 years), ECLIPSE (4 years), JAVA (3 years), CSS (3 years), mysql Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  Programming Languages & Web Technologies Java, HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript, AJAX, JSON, XML, SASS/SCSS  JavaScript Libraries and Frameworks Bootstrap, jQuery, Node.js, ReactJS, Express.js, D3.js  Databases MySQL, Oracle, MongoDB, Robo 3T  Web/Application Servers HTTP Web Server, Apache Tomcat  Web Services SOAP and REST  Development tools/IDE  Eclipse IDE, NetBeans IDE, WebStorm, Sublime Text, Dreamweaver, Notepad++, Microsoft Visual Studio, Microsoft Visual Studio Code, Tableau    Testing Tools Junit, QUnit, Jest  Operating Systems Windows 2000/XP/7, Mac OS X, Unix, Ubuntu  Version Controls GitHub, Bitbucket, TortoiseSVN, Sourcetree  Methodologies Agile (Scrum, Kanban), Waterfall