Front end Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">end</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front end Developer Jersey City, NJ • Front end web Programmer around 4+ years of Experience in working with various J2EE technologies including Servlets, JSP, Java Beans, Spring, JDBC, REST Services.  • Experienced working in all the phases of Software Development Life Cycle using Core Java, JAVA, J2EE technologies.  • Developed applications based on Model-View-Controller (MVC) architecture using J2EE design patterns like Data Access Object, Business Delegate.  • Extensive knowledge working with My Eclipse 6.6, Eclipse 3.2/3.1 tools  • Expertise in developing reliable and scalable enterprise applications using Servlets, JSPs, JSTL, JDBC, AJAX, JSON, XML, XSLT, Web Services, JavaScript, CSS/CSS3 HTML/HTML5, PHP, DHTML and XHTML.  • Good knowledge on Scripting Languages like HTML, JavaScript, JQuery and Ajax  • Experience in developing application in Core Java  • Good knowledge on Object Oriented Analysis and Object Oriented Design, Modeling Applications with Use case, Class Diagrams & Sequence Diagrams.  • Experience in PL/SQL and SQL for writing SQL queries, Triggers functions and Stored Procedures on databases like Oracle 8i/9i/10g.  • Worked with Source control tools SVN  • Expertise in using Development Tool Eclipse, Weblogic Workshop and NetBeans  • Expert in using testing, logging and building tools like JUnit, Log4J and HPQC  • Exposure to Full Life Cycle Solution Development (Requirement gathering, Analysis, Design, Development, Documentation, Testing and User training)  • Ability to handle multiple tasks and work independently as well as in a team  • Expert Communication, Interpersonal, and Organizational skills    SOFWARE SKILLS:  Web Technologies HTML/HTML5, PHP, CSS2/CSS3, DHTML, XML, XHTML, XSLT, JavaScript, AJAX, JSON  JavaScript Libraries JQuery, Angular.js  Languages Java, SQL  IDE's and Tools Eclipse IDE, JSfiddle  Databases Oracle 9i, MySQL  Debugging Tools Firebug, BugZilla, (internet explorer) Work Experience Front end Developer Canon USA - Dayton, NJ June 2015 to April 2016 eManage application is an internet based account management tool that provides administrative control over your fleet of Canon devices. It fully integrated with internal database system, providing greater access to user account information. Upon enrollment, user can begin taking advantage of the many features of eManage, such as identifying and validating devices, reviewing installation by location, submitting meter reads, placing service requests and retrieving important account information.    Responsibilities:  • Doing enhancement as per request on regular basis.  • Developed screens for accessing canon devices using spring mvc  • Doing enhancements, bug fixing to the existing system.  • Used Log4J for logging to find and store exception messages.  • Used Maven for build creation.  Environment: Java 1.6, JSP, spring, Hibernate, webservice, Weblogic 10.3, Oracle10g, Log4J, PL/SQL, Eclipse 3.4.1, SVN, Oracle SQL Developer. Java Developer HCL America - Cary, NC October 2014 to May 2015 Responsibilities:  • Analyzing the client specifications and developing programs to make required business logic.  • Interacting with Business analysts to incorporate required program changes.  • Implementation and Development of all components, using Java Beans.  • Documented test cases and maintained all testing documentation using Quality Center  • Involved in developing web pages using JSP, HTML, DOM, XHTML, JavaScript and jQuery.  • Implemented JQuery and JSON to minimize code and manage complex data set.  • Involved in debugging and testing using testing tools like JUnit.  • Involved in creating Servlets using client and server side validations to integrate with the business logic.  • Generating XML objects using JAXB (Marshalling, Un marshalling).  • Responsible for development of the core backend business logic using Java.  • Interacting with the client to get clarifications and to coordinate with the client expectations in the project.  Environment: Java 1.4, Websphere, Servlets, JSP, spring, HTML, JavaScript, CSS, XML, XSLT, Windows XP. Java Developer Cognizant Technology Solutions - Chennai, Tamil Nadu February 2012 to September 2014 1) Project: Boss Tool  Description:  Boss Tool is designed as the web tool that is used to block the illegal/Abused contents in the website. The tool provides blocking, by listing the various categories for blocking and stating the reason for the content to be blocked. Thus helps the administrator to remove the blocked link details from the website after fining the reason for blocking turns to be valid.  Responsibilities:  • Involved in migrated the entire existing code from JavaScript to jquery.  • Involved in code refactoring thereby increased the efficiency and minimized the time to load the tool.  • Involved in the UI design for the BOSS front end.    2) Project: User Lookup / LinkedIn  Description:  The User lookup is a web application that uses the LinkedIn API to get details of the connections. Using this, the various degree connections of the logged in users can be obtained. The entire set of connections are used for the business purpose to search particular user who may be connected to any of the logged in user, to find the path by which the particular user can be reached, to list the companies that is associated with the user. The algorithm to sort the entire set of connections based on number of signals and providing weight-age to each signal is implemented.  Responsibilities:  • Analysis of the feasibility of the LinkedIn APIs that may be used to access the LinkedIn connection details.  • Developed the code to use the API call to extract the details of the connection.  • Designed the web page for the tool.  • Involved in the UI design of the page using CSS. Education Master of Engineering in Computer Science Kongu Engineering College Additional Information Operating Systems Sun Solaris, Windows, Linux  Version Control Svn