Front- end developer <span class="hl">Front</span>-<span class="hl">end</span> <span class="hl">developer</span> Front- end developer - Insticator LLC Astoria, NY • 3 years' experience in front- end web development. Able to handle multiple processes in the project  simultaneously. Always keep high attention in trend of front- end development. Ability to get involved in  team working quickly.  • In-depth knowledge of User Interface (UI) applications and practical web applications development using  HTML /HTML5, XHTML, CSS/CSS3, Less, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX and JSON.  • Experience in integrating application using Play Framework with JAVA.  • Experience in building Single Page Application (SPA) with MVC (Model View Controller) framework  such as AngularJS.  • Familiar with using Twitter Bootstrap framework and Media Query to build responsive website for  different sizes of devices.  • Experience in building separated frontend templates using dust.js  • Ability to work on different browsers like Safari, Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox and Google chrome to  confirm cross-browser compatibility of specific applications.  • Proficient in browser debugging tools and plugins like Chrome Inspector, Firebug, IE Tester, Web  Developer, Responsive Inspector.  • Experience in Version Control tools including Git and Tortoise HG.  • Comprehensive understanding about Object-Oriented Programming concept. Experienced in multiple  programming languages, such as C/C++/C#/ ASP.net/JAVA.  • Strong communication skills, with the ability to deliver concepts between people from various  backgrounds. Sponsorship required to work in the US Work Experience Front- end developer Insticator LLC November 2015 to Present Project: Landing Page and New Embed Implementation  Responsibilities:    • Use Dust template for page rendering by making AJAX call to fetch JSON.    • Use JavaScript and jQuery library for specific feature and logic, and using requireJS to organize  scripts in a modular way and load them appropriately.  • Mainly use LESS for organizing style sheet.    • Integrate the frontend code to backend which is written in Play framework with Java.    • Implement code organization to make code blocks testable and maintainable.    • Implement cross window communication technique using multiple Iframes and postmessage method.    • Test Cross-browser compatibility with virtual machine virtualbox.    • Use Git in terminal for version control.    • Daily website validation and maintenance.    • Contribute to page and embed design of new features.  Environment:  HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, JSON, Play, Dust. Web Developer International SOS, Great Philadelphia Area, PA March 2015 to November 2015 Project: Enterprise Content Management System  The goal of this project was to build the interface of emergency reports for clients. Clients can use this  website to retrieve, edit and send the existing emergency issue data including diseases reports, violence  reports, and even employee status reports. Appropriate decisions can be made, viewed, and processed using  this system. The mobile version of this system is currently being developed using Mooveweb technique.  Responsibilities:  • Constructed UI pages using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, ASP.net.    • Used Bootstrap to create dynamic features including reusable widget.    • Built responsive site using Media Query to fit devices of different visual sizes.  • Mainly used JavaScript with Jquery library to maintain the event driven pandemic site.    • Implemented data search and fetch methods using AJAX and JSON.    • Using Mapbox to handle geographic demands.    • The report and email templates were built using AngularJs.    • Used AngularJS as framework to create a Single Page Application (SPA) which can bind data to specific views and synchronize data with server.  • Developed all client-side logical implementation part of applications with either AngularJS  controllers under specific modules or the widely used Jquery library.  • Worked on Cross-browser Compatibility of UI pages. Implemented and tested the functionality on  Chrome, Firefox, IE 8/9/10/11.  • Updated the coding version using Tortoise HG.    • Involved in daily maintenance and support for whole user interface of system.    • Communicated with team members to update UI designs and improve user experience. Also  coordinated with project managers, system engineers and back- end developer to get new feather design in order to meet needs of clients.  Environment:  AngularJS, Bootstrap, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Jquery, Ajax, JSON, SVN, ASP.net, Mooveweb Front- end developer Technomax LLC - Plainsboro, NJ August 2014 to March 2015 Project: Internal Data Control System  Technomax LLC provides IT consulting services with additional business to its clients. The internal data  control system was for employees to exchange official data including phone numbers of clients, billing  information, and employee working schedules. Project was designed and implemented using MVC  architecture with HTML, CSS, JavaScript and etc.  Responsibilities:  • Participated in making decisions of website visual style.    • Used AngularJS to build the website which applied the MVC architecture.    • Used HTML, CSS to build wireframe of the page.    • Used JavaScript and jQuery library for additional feature such as reusable widget.    • Designed Menus, Lists, Badges and Forms with jQuery.    • Requested and got data from backend using Ajax function in jQuery to exchange JSON.  • Built responsive site using Bootstrap that fits devices of different visual sizes.    • Modified and integrated designs from different employees for better user experience.    • Used Tortoise SVN for version update and maintenance.    • Created cross-browser compatible page layouts.    • Website validation and maintenance.  Environment:  HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, AngularJS, Bootstrap, Ajax, JSON, SVN. Front- end developer Boise State University Nanoscale Materials & Device Group - Boise, ID May 2013 to May 2014 Project: Research Materials Post and Time Tracking System  Responsibilities:    • Took main responsibility of system outlook design and implementation including translating project  requirement into visual elements, information architecture and navigation design.  • Used HTML, CSS for building page layout as well as JavaScript and jQuery library for additional  feature.  • Fetched data from server using AJAX function in jQuery to exchange JSON data.    • Cross-browser compatibility verification.    • Daily website validation and maintenance.    • Contributed to design and implement new features.  Environment:  HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, JSON. Education Master of Engineering in Electrical Engineering Boise State University - Boise, ID August 2012 to May 2014 Bachelor of Engineering in Electrical Engineering Ohio State University - Columbus, OH March 2009 to March 2012 Skills AngularJS (2 years), HTML (3 years), Javascript (2 years), css (3 years), LESS (1 year), Play Framework (1 year), JQuery (2 years), Git (2 years) Links http://www.internationalSOS.com Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:    Web Technologies HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript.  Skills jQuery, JSON, Ajax, Media Query, Less  Framework Bootstrap, AngularJS, Play Framework, Dust.js  Developing Tools IntelliJ, NetBeans, Sublime Text, Notepad++.  Version Control Tortoise SVN, Git  Operating Systems Windows, OS X  Others C#, ASP.net, Mooveweb, Node.js, Java