UI Developer/ Front End Developer UI <span class="hl">Developer</span>/<span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> UI Developer/ Front End Developer - American Express (AMEX) New York, NY • 4+ years of experience in developing User Interface (UI) Applications and Professional Web  Applications, using: HTML4.01/5, CSS2/CSS3, reactJs, XHTML, JavaScript, jQuery,  AngularJS, AJAX, JSON and XML.  • Extensive programming experience in writing web application programs covering front-  end/UI Reactjs,Angular JavaScript, jQuery and AJAX for building rich user friendly, high  performance web applications.  • Detailed understanding of Document Object Model and DOM functions.  • Ability to apply W3C web standards in achieving the best cross-browser user experience  for sake of long-term user retention and engagement.  • Experienced in client side validations using HTML and JavaScript.  • Good understanding in JavaScript frameworks such as Angular Js, Node.js and JavaScript  libraries like Backbone Js, React Js, Ember. Js.  • Experience in implementing/consuming RESTful Web Services.  • Used Bootstrap in several web application development projects that required Responsive  Web Design and Mobile First Development.  • Experienced in implementing Web Applications using CSS Preprocessor like LESS, SASS.  • Responsible for checking cross browser compatibility and hence worked on different  browsers like Safari, Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox and Google chrome.  • Experienced in cross-browser issues handling.  • Experience with Firebug for Mozilla and IE Developer Toolbar for Internet Explorer.  • Implemented Unit testing using Mocha and Chai Enzyme, Karma and E2E testing using  Protractor.  • Good Experience working with High Traffic Websites.  • Experiences with full Software Development Life-cycle(SDLC), architecting scalable  platforms, object oriented programming, and agile methodologies.  • Used GIT for version management and the workflows associated with them (branching &  merging).  • Produced visually appealing designs focused on usability, utility, UX, cross-browser  compatibility and SEO / web standards. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience UI Developer/ Front End Developer American Express (AMEX) - New York, NY December 2016 to Present Responsibilities:  • Developed all the UI pages using react JS, Node JS, HTML5, CSS3, JSON, JavaScript,  jQuery, Ajax.  • Developed dynamic responsive Web Application by integrating React JS with Bootstrap  which is further integrated with Web Services.  • Developed a powerful Single Page application using React, Redux and ES.2016  Implemented reusable components using React JS which are used in multiple internal  projects.  • Experienced in using Modernizer to check cross- browser compatibility, making sure that  the HTML and CSS features are working properly.  • Good Experience in React.js for creating interactive UI's using One-way data flow, Virtual  DOM, JSX, React Native concepts testing the website on multiple browsers with their old as well as latest release  • Using React JS created Responsive Web Design (RWD) and did data manipulations to  display data in company standard format in UI.  • Development of the Navigation bars, Tables, Sliders, Calendars etc.  • Implemented a Single Page Web Applications (SPA) based front end for displaying user  requests, user records history and security settings various users using JavaScript and React JS.  • Used React JS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, plus Redux, Animations and Flux  concept.  • Used Node JS as proxy to interact with Rest services and also with Database, building  real-time Web API's.  • Created view-model and controllers and worked with demo JSON data and services until API gets ready.  • Developing and Testing UX Designed Wireframes using React JS, Bootstrap with ECMA6  Standards.  • Implementing Flux architecture using React-Redux.  • Unit tested all the front- end React JS code using Mocha and Chai Enzyme.  • Handled all aspects of the web application including maintaining, testing, debugging,  deploying and printing.  • Handled Deployment activities from Jenkins to trigger the build.  • Debug the issue in firebug for Firefox, web developer tools in Chrome, Safari and IE  8,9,10 browsers.  • Followed scrum methodology and biweekly sprint in the project.  Environment: React JS,ES6,Redux, webpack, Node JS, RWD, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, , NPM,  GIT, Mocha, Chai, Web storm, Chrome, Firefox, IE 10+ UI Front End Developer NantHealth - Tampa, FL December 2015 to August 2016 Responsibilities:  • Involved in various phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) of the application  like Requirements gathering, Design, Analysis and Code development.  • Extensively worked on HTML5, Dojo, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, AJAX, Bootstrap, Media  Query and AngularJS.  • Customizing already existing application using modern technologies like Ionic  framework, AngularJS, HTML5, CSS3  • Model building by hand in HTML, CSS, XHTML, JavaScript, jQuery and AJAX.  • Responsible for modernizing the application.  • Creating mobile applications which are responsive in nature.  • Developed HTML prototypes and UI deliverables, such as wireframes, flowcharts, screen  mock-ups, and interface design specifications.  • Designed Frontend with in object oriented JavaScript Framework like AngularJS.  • Creating the components and publish them as NPM packages.  • Worked on Bootstrap, LESS to develop User Interface with responsive design.  • Responsible for interacting with backend systems to fetch data.  • Responsible to encrypt the data for making service calls.  • Writing $Http service requests to fetch the data from the server.  • Parsing the JSON data that has been returned back from service call and rendering it to the view.  • Working environment included open source development tools, including Node, Grunt,  and Bower.  • Followed agile development Methodology.  • Responsible to write unit test cases using Karma, Jasmine, Protractor, Angular mock.  • Used GIT as version controller.  • Used LESS as pre-compiler to generate CSS.  • Used Cascading Style Sheets in order to separate presentation from the structure.  • Used best coding practices and naming conventions while writing code in angular.js,  Ionic, CSS and HTML.  • Used chrome Debugger for testing and debugging the application under development.  • Responsible for code optimization and testing across different platforms.  • Defined text alignment, borders, positioning and many other typographic characteristics.  • Used Grunt as task runner.  • Responsible for creating number of grunt-tasks for "less compilation to generate CSS",  "to build application", "to test the application", "to clean the application", and many  others specific to application.  • Responsible for creating new grunt task for building the application.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, Dojo, LESS, Ionic, JavaScript, JQuery, AngularJS, Twitter Bootstrap,  Adobe Photoshop, JSON, AJAX, Grunt , Backbone.JS,Agile, Media Query, Karma, Jasmine ,GIT,  Web Services. Front End Web Developer Level3 Communications, Accenture - Denver, CO December 2012 to June 2015 Responsibilities:  • Developed front end applications using HTML5/4, CSS3/2, JavaScript, JQuery, JQuery, AJAX,  Bootstrap, RWD and AngularJS.  • Provided feedback and strategies for inputs on the layouts and UX during design discussions  and user experience sessions.  • Conducted practicality investigation of transformation from JSP based UI to Angular based  HTML formats.  • Built Web pages that are more client intuitive utilizing AngularJS, JQuery, HTML5, CSS3,  Dojo, DOM, RESTful API Services, Media Query JavaScript, Node.js, Bootstrap, and JSON.  • Used Ajax, JSON to send request to the server to check the functionality of the websites.  • Developed non-functional HTML, CSS pages from the mock ups and involved in UI review  with UI architect and business units.  • Built Single Page Applications (SPA), Responsive Web Design (RWD) UI, Rich Restful Service  Applications, and HTML Wireframes using HTML5 Grid Structures/Layouts, CSS3 Media  Queries, Ajax, AngularJS and Bootstrap  • Testing the website on multiple browsers with their old as well as latest release.  • Experience in all phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) including Analysis,  Design, Development, Documentation, Testing, Deployment, Version Control and production  support.  • Worked on Bootstrap, LESS to develop User Interface with responsive design.  • Responsible to write unit test cases using jasmine-karma, Angular Mock.  • Used Eclipse & Web Strom as editor and used chrome Developer tools for debugging.  • Responsible for checking cross browser compatibility and hence worked on different  browsers like safari, IE, Firefox and Google chrome.  • Involved in daily SCRUM meetings to keep track of the on-going project status and issues  using JIRA. Using AngularJS created Responsive Web Design (RWD) and did data  manipulations to display data in company standard format in UI.  • Developed custom directives, Factories and Services in AngularJS.  • Adopted a cross program and cross stage way to deal with make the site more flexible and strong.  • Worked with teams where requirements are constantly being implemented, tested and improved.  • Worked closely with SQA team in fixing the reported bugs/defects and checking cross  platform compatibility. Used Junit for Unit Test  • Produced content pages with CSS layout and style markup presentations and used JavaScript  methods and properties.  • Used TFS for version control.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, Dojo, JavaScript, Media Query, JQuery, AJAX, JSON, Angular JS,  Node.JS, API REST Services, Bootstrap, Adobe Photoshop, Sublime. Education Master's Skills Ajax. (4 years), Bootstrap (4 years), HTML (4 years), HTML5 (4 years), JavaScript (4 years), Reactjs Links https://www.americanexpress.com/uk/credit-cards/all-cards/ Awards Microsoft Certified 2016-10 Microsoft certified professinal Certifications/Licenses Microsoft Certified Professional (MCP) October 2016 to Present Microsoft Certified Professional (MCP) Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:  Web Technologies HTML/HTML5, XHTML, DHTM, CSS2/CSS3, SASS, Bootstrap, JavaScript,  React JS, Angular Js, Ember JS, Backbone JS, Redux, JQuery, Node JS,  Dojo,Grunt, NPM, Jasmine, Mocha and Chai, REST full web services,  SOAP, AJAX, XML, JSON.  Languages, Scripts JavaScript, JQuery, AJAX, JSON, Angular JS, Backbone.js, React JS,  Ember. Js, Node.Js, Media Query.  IDE and Editors Sublime, Eclipse, Dreamweaver, Microsoft Visual Studio, Fiddle,  Web Storm.  Application Server Weblogic9.0/8.x/7.1, WebSphere6.0/5.X  Databases SQL Server, Oracle, DB2, MySQL, PL/SQL.  Operating System Windows, UNIX, Mac OS.  Other Tools Remedy, Firebug, Chrome Developers Tool, HP Quality Center and  Rally. Microsoft Office, Waterfall model, SCRUM/Agile methodology,  Requirements Engineering, Testing, Unified Model Language, and User  design, Wireframe Design, Layout Design, Responsive Design, Re-design  techniques, TDD.