Sr. Web Developer Sr. Web <span class="hl">Developer</span> Sr. Web Developer - Capital One ? Over 6 years' experience in web development by using HTML 4.0/5, XHTML, CSS2/CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, D3, AJAX and JSON.  ? Demonstrate strong understanding of data structure, algorithm and object-oriented concept  ? Over two years' experience in using Angular JS and have knowledge on Node.JS to build single page application  ? Using SASS to write logical, reusable code which is more efficient, and easier to maintain.  ? Experience in maintaining code for existing apps to support the latest devices and releases of IOS.  ? Able to use and handle Adobe Photoshop in need of designing.  ? Familiar with Grunt, Gulp task runner to manage project and Bower package manager to install  libraries such as jQuery and Bootstrap based on running in the Node.js environment.  ? Strong Model View Controller (MVC) framework experience for easy-maintained design.  ? Experience in using Jasmine testing framework with Karma test runner  ? Familiar with debugging and troubleshooting code using Jasmine testing framework  And mainstream browser tools like Chrome Element Inspector, Firebug, IE Tester.  ? Experience in using Twitter Bootstrap framework to create responsive layout for both desktop and mobile browser users  ? Strong academic background on using several programming language, including C, C++ and C#  ? Experience in solving security flaws  ? Familiar with Version Control Tools such as Git, SVN.  ? Experience in using different debugging tools with Google chrome, Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox and Safari  ? Experience in solving cross browser compatibility issue  ? Familiar with Agile Software Development process  ? Strong communication skills, with the ability to convey concepts/requirements between technical and non-technical stakeholders.  ? Self-motivated person with strong communication, problem-solving skills and highly  Attracted by new technologies. Work Experience Sr. Web Developer Capital One - Richmond, VA February 2014 to Present Project: IRIS (Interactive Resource Informative System)  Description:  Capital one is a diversified bank that offers broad array of financial products and services to consumers, small business and commercial clients.  Capital One's in-house application used by call center agents to serve card customers.  IRIS is a one stop application to handle any card related queries like - payments (auto pay, pay by phone, Debit card payments), adding additional users to the card, travel notifications, statements, Lost stolen etc. IRIS is a complicated web based application which interacts with several telephony integrations (inbound calls / Chat from www.capitalone.com), validates customers and presents customer information to agents in a fast and efficient way. Majority of the interaction happens with REST APIs which gets data from TSYS (external source) and several internal sources. This application is built on Component based architecture with Angular JS, JQuery as UI, .Net as middle ware and REST APIs as data layer. It was originally built with .Net UI. This project involves migrating UI from asp.net to AngularJS to provide rich UI and agent experience. Primarily worked on Statements tab, which loads customer's statement details for the last 6 months, spending details, detailed information on transactions, quick help guides for agents.  Responsibilities:  • Leading the development of IRIS application using AngularJS framework and JavaScript in conjunction with HTML5, CSS3, with front- end UI team.  • Implement the statement module by using AngularJS.  • Request and Get data from backend using Ajax function in jQuery to exchange JSON data with back- end.  • Used Bootstrap to create responsive layout.  • Using SASS to write logical, reusable code which is more efficient, and easier to maintain.  • Created angular directive and controller to handle logic, search features on statements module.  • Worked on resolving numerous cross browser compatibility such as IE, Mozilla Firebox,  Google Chrome and Safari.  • Used version control tools Git to update the project with other team members.  • Using Jasmine testing framework with Karma test runner to do testing.    • Worked on documentation and involved in maintenance and support. Experience includes working with Agile Scrum Methodology of Software Development Lifecycle which includes Scrum meetings, and Iterations.  • Contribute positively to the overall team dynamic; participate in stand-up meetings, planning and design sessions and other business-development working.  Environment: HTML5, CSS/ CSS3, JavaScript, AJAX, JSON, JQuery, Angular Js, Bootstrap, GIT. Front- end Developer Charles Schwab - Phoenix, AZ May 2012 to January 2014 Project: Desktop central.  Description:  Desktop central is the authoritative source of Client and account data and primarily tool used to serve clients. DCT centralizes information from numerous applications and acts as a single interface to assist clients. It also tracks live Bank information, trade order status, Mutual funds, Order corrections etc.  Responsibilities:  • Supported the development team by creating wireframes and prototype as needed based on requirements and revising those based on feedback.  • Built static and online mock-ups and prototypes for the user interface portions of the new features including dialogs, icons, and other visual elements in the product.  • Optimized CSS and HTML by using different techniques like Image sprites, minimize HTTP requests with grouped CSS, shorthand practices for CSS, etc.  • Delivered UI solutions as well as come up with UI designs.  • Experience in making Responsive web pages using Bootstrap and media queries.  • Developed/designed front- end UI with HTML, CSSand JavaScript.  • Website maintenance such as updating the content and solving different bug reports.  • Obfuscating JavaScript code.  Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Bootstrap, jQuery, Ajax, JSON, SVN Front- end Developer LA Custom Cabinets - Los Angeles, CA April 2012 to April 2012 Project: furniture ordering System  Description:  An LA custom cabinet is a company to help customers to build custom cabinets. Our team is responsible to build furniture ordering System which is our employee can order furniture that the custom cabinets required. Meanwhile, we are also responsible to transform their company website into responsive design by using Bootstrap and jQuery  Responsibilities:  • Used Bootstrap to create responsive layout.  • Used AJAX, JSON to interact between user and server.  • Web app maintenance including updating the content and solving bug report.  • Interpreted business requirement into technical requirement.  • Used SVN for version control.  • Strong communication, analytical, and interpersonal skills working within cross-functional teams.  • Maintenance of company homepage by optimizing functions that usedjQuery, using alternative Bootstrap layout and solving bug reports  • Analyzed and solved potential security flaws.  • Pair programming with my teammate and using Jasmine framework to test my app  • Attended team meeting every week    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Bootstrap, jQuery, Ajax, JSON, SVN Marketing Analysis, Front- end developer Wintec Industries Inc July 2011 to July 2011 Project: Interactive Travel System  Description:  Wintec Industries, Inc focused on hardware design, manufacturing, and supply chain service of memory components. Product Display System provided simple and clean interface to display company's products. It included a gallery system to display different color of the product.  Responsibilities:  • Used HTML, CSS to build page layouts.  • Used JavaScript and jQuery to handle all events that are triggered by users, such as hover and click.  • Following the design requirement to design user-friendly layout by using HTML and CSS.  • Request and Get data from backend using Ajax function in jQuery to exchange JSON data with back- end.  • Used SVN for version control and QC for defect tracking.  • Creating cross-browser compatibility and standards-compliant CSS-based page layouts.  • Daily website maintenance and updating content.    Environment: HTML, CSS, jQuery, Ajax, JSON, SVN. Education Master's in Computer Applications JNTU Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  Front- end- Technologies HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript, D3, DOM, JSON, Ajax, Sass/Less, Jade  Debugging Tools Firebug, Firebug Lite, Google Chrome Web Debugger, Jasmine and Karma  Library/Framework Bootstrap, AngularJS, NodeJS, JQuery, Bootstrap, AngularJS, Compass, Jasmine, JQuery UI  IDE/Test editor Sublime, WebStorm, NetBeans, Brackets, Notepad++, Visual Studio  Version Control SVN, GIT, Source Tree.  Operating Systems MS Windows, MAC OS  Testing Tools Testing Tools Chrome Element Inspector, Firebug, IE Tester  Other Photoshop, illustrator