Front End Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> UI/UX Front End Developer Dallas, TX • Front End UI/UX Developer with 6 years experience of solid understanding of web application development.  • Hands on experience in Designing and Developing Single Page Applications (SPA) using Angular6 along with other UI technologies such as JavaScript ES6, Bootstrap, HTML5 and NodeJS.  • Vast experience in Web/User Interface Development with REST API.  • Extensive experience in creating style guides, best practices and setting UI standards for enterprise/ consumer applications using UX skills.  • Experience in Software Development Life-Cycle (SDLC) preparing Requirement Specification documents, design documents, Test cases and Analysis, User Training documents and Technical Help documents.  • Experience using AWS for deploying Angular and Wordpress sites.  • Experience with Wordpress and Wix CRM for creating custom websites.  • Worked with source control systems like GIT and SVN.  • Experience in developing, publishing, running and maintaining websites on Linux and Windows environment. Work Experience Front End Developer iDoo Global - Houston, TX February 2018 to July 2019 Description: Web Developer for clients web applications. Responsible for developing landing pages from design concepts provided in layered art files to complete functional site. Evaluating and updating web pages wherever required as per need basis.    Responsibilities:  • Implemented new website design layout for conversion of existing static websites to responsive.  • Conceptualized, designed and developed along with UX Design team for creating 'rich wire frames' to visually facilitate understanding of user interactions in features and concepts with user centric design.  • Provided effective and functional web designs to customers that met their specific business/personal needs, which is visually pleasing and highly effective.  • Developed web interfaces using HTML, Bootstrap and web framework of Angular 6.  • Implemented variety of Angular modules for reusability across various projects.  • Made heavy use of Chrome Developer Tools + Firebug to ensure front- end code and assets were optimized and high quality.  • Instrumental in creating style guides to ensure uniformity across modules for client.  • Maintained various web portals of clients giving support and feature enhancements.  • Understand client requirements and provide quick prototypes to stakeholders to make decisions.  • Used Jira for tracking and managing the software development projects. Front End Developer Empyrean Benefit Solutions - Houston, TX January 2016 to January 2018 Description: Work collaboratively to design, build, test, deploy and maintain scalable, high performing, cross-browser compatible, responsive applications with technologies such as Angular, Express, Node.js, RESTful API, HTML5 and CSS in accordance with specifications, policies, procedures, and best practices.    Responsibilities:  • Designed and Developed UI for Customer Service Modules and Reports using Angular2, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, and JavaScript.  • Developed pages using Angular2 using custom and primeNG modules to bootstrap quick component creations.  • Involved in creating mobile centric responsive web design.  • Mentoring junior and pairing with developers to create complext Angular components.  • Created and consumed REST api's using Express JS along with Mongo DB to mock backend API for developing a full functional application.  • Working with Backend developers to define API's contract which were consumed by various applications.  • Tested the front- end application using Jasmine and Karma testing frameworks.  • Performed code reviews and provide guidelines for best practices of software management, Coding Standards and Code Commenting for better understand ability. Font End Developer Enbridge - Houston, TX April 2013 to December 2015 Description: Building sophisticated and elegant user interfaces collaborated with UX and visual designers, developers and product owners to implement scalable and interactive applications. Identify and keep abreast of novel technical concepts and markets. Providing technical leadership and documentation to developers and stakeholder's.    Responsibilities:  • Developed the User Interactive web pages in a professional manner with using web technologies like HTML, XHTML, and CSS as per company's standards.  • Developed client-side validation code using JavaScript and jQuery.  • Implemented design process upon client approval and built out all assets: buttons, products shots, UIcomponents, etc.  • Migrated content from existing website to a new database driven website; utilized in house Content Management System  • Designed multiple UI's (templates) for the website and discussed with team members before concluding.  • Assist with walk-through and usability testing. Updated UI per changing needs and requirements.  • Ensure Website quality, performance and reliability. Education Bachelor of Business Administration in Business Administration University of Houston Skills Visual studio, Javascript, Bootstrap, Mongoose, Typescript, Css, Web design, Html5, Sass, jquery, Frameworks, Wireframing, Prototyping, User research, Wordpress, Indesign, Photoshop, Adobe photoshop, Front End, Front-End, React, Angular, UI Additional Information Technical Skills:  • Client side Frameworks: Angular7/6, Bootstrap, Wordpress, jQuery.  • Server side Frameworks (JavaScript): NodeJS, ExpressJS, Mongoose.  • Languages: HTML5, CSS, LESS/SASS, JavaScript, Typescript.  • Interaction: User research, Wireframing, Prototyping, Responsive Web Design.  • IDE: Visual Studio Code Editor, Compass, Balsamique Mockups.  • Tools: Sketch, Figma, Adobe Photoshop, InDesign.