Front End/UI Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span>/UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End/UI Developer - Grand Bank of Texas Milwaukee, WI • Front- End Developer with 6+ years of professional experience in all phases of software development life cycle including requirements Analysis and Debugging, Applications Design, Development, Integration, Maintenance, Installation, Implementation, Deployment, Testing of various client/server, N-tier and web/native applications.  • Strong working knowledge in HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, TypeScript and Bootstrap with experience in Angular.js and Angular 2/4/5/6.  • Expertise in Client Scripting language and server side scripting languages like HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, JSON, Bootstrap, Angular.JS, React.JS and GitHub for repository.  • Experience in SAAS and LESS scripting languages they are interpreted or compiled into Cascading style sheets.  • Experience in designing and developing the business web applications by "Hand-Coding" methodology with the help of HTML5, DHTML, XHTML, and CSS3 based on the W3C standards.  • Good Understanding of Document Object Model (DOM) and DOM Functions compatibility and SEO / web standards.  • Good experience with Responsive Web Design, JSON, AJAX, Angular JS, React JS, Node JS.  • Experience applying the latest development approaches including MVC, event-driven applications using AJAX, Object Oriented (OO) Java Script, JSON, and XML.  • Experienced in working with CSS Backgrounds, CSS Layouts, CSS Positioning, CSS Animations, CSS Text, CSS Borders, CSS Margin, and CSS Padding.  • Experienced in various IDEs like Eclipse, Net Beans, IntelliJ IDEA, Notepad++, Firebug, Edit plus, Microsoft Visual and JS Fiddle.  • Expertise utilizing JavaScript and JQuery either to manipulate the DOM or for AJAX tasks.  • Well versed in version control tools like GIT and SVN to manage and control software development.  • Experience in developing web services such SOAP, WSDL and REST.  • Experience in writing SQL queries, PL/SQL stored procedures and functions using Oracle.  • Experienced working in Agile based advancement condition and taking part in SCRUM sessions.  • Strong correspondence, cooperation and group building abilities with capability in getting a handle on new specialized ideas rapidly.  • Self-starter constantly slanted to learn new innovations and Team Player with great correspondence, authoritative and relational aptitudes.  • Excellent communication and relationship building skills. Used to update User Interface based on changing needs and requirements. Work Experience Front End/UI Developer Grand Bank of Texas - Grand Prairie, TX March 2018 to Present Responsibilities:  • Designated UI architecture for the internal web application and worked with designers to constructs conceptual Wireframes and Mockups.  • Written modular, secure, and well-tested front- end code in JavaScript, HTML5 and CSS3 using Angular JS based on MVC architecture.  • Developed mockups and prototypes using HTML5 and CSS3.  • Developed cross browser and multi browser compatible web pages using HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript.  • Defined and developed the application's presentation layer using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript and JQuery Scripting.  • Extensively involved in redesigning the entire site with CSS styles for consistent look and feel across all browsers and all pages.  • Worked on Web/User Interface development using AJAX, HTML5, XHTML, DHTML, CSS3, Java Script.  • Built different modules, controllers, templates, custom filters and directives in Angular JS.  • Developed POC on Angular 2/4 components and templates for the application, replaced JSON and used TypeScript.  • Implemented Angular 5 Controllers to maintain each view data and Implemented Angular Service calls using Angular Factory.  • Implemented Angular 6 component router for navigation and Angular services to connect the web application to back- end APIs.  • Worked Extensively with Angular CLI for creating components, Services, pipes, Directives.  • Created websites for devices using Responsive Web Design.  • Involved in implementing the design to meet web standards (W3C), SEO and worked on various browsers for cross-browser implementation.  • Implement module into Node.JS to integrate with design and requirements.  • Involved in writing application level code to interact with APIs, Web Services using AJAX, JSON and Angular resources.  • Wrote Page level code using JavaScript with Angular.js framework along with JQUERY and other JavaScript libraries.  • Wrote application level code to interact with the backend databases JQUERY, AJAX and JSON.  • Used AJAX for asynchronously exchanging small amount of data with the server behind the scenes and updating the JSP page.  • Used JavaScript DOM manipulation and JavaScript event to generate the data result in UI.  • Created and modified new and existing pages, applied new styles on the pages with the help of Dojo and JavaScript.  • Used GIT for version control for defect tracking.  • Developed Web Services for data transfer from client to server and vice versa using SOAP and RestFul.  • The application was developed by agile development with Scrum methodology.  • Discussed various ideas/suggestions for the ongoing web sites regarding the page layout and creative design.    Environment: HTML5, JavaScript, CSS3, JQuery, AJAX, Responsive Web Design, Angular 2/4/5/6, Angular.js, Angular CLI, Node.js, JSON, DOM, XHTML, DHTML, Photoshop, Flash, Dreamweaver, Agile and Windows. Front End/UI Developer TJX - Framingham, MA November 2016 to February 2018 Responsibilities:  • Involved in the Software Development Life Cycle phases like Requirement Analysis, Implementation and estimating the time-lines for the project.  • Involved in the development of UI pages using HTML5, CSS3, Angular JS, EXT JS, Bootstrap and JavaScript.  • Developed user interface by using the React JS, Flux for SPA development.  • Implemented Single Page Application (SPA) using Material UI.  • Used React JS to build the UI components, developed filters to display different dimension of data and font size modifiers.  • Developed a single page, mobile-first, cross-device/cross-browser web application for real-time location sharing utilizing React JS, JavaScript API.  • Used React JS with Redux to separate the data and presentation layer. Utilized Redux stores to handle the states and update the UI.  • Worked on existing code base using Node JS and created React/Redux and Node JS based enterprise level web application.  • Developed Responsive web design using Media Queries.  • Used Dreamweaver, Photoshop, Flex for implementing application and designing graphics and images.  • Designed DOM based interactive to reprogram selected links and adopted WCAG standards for HTML and XHTML and W3C standards for CSS as well.  • Developed and deployed Action Classes and JSP for Dynamic HTML generation.  • Worked upon the dashboard for the project which contained a variety of charts and drag gable components using JQUERY UI Library.  • Used AJAX and JSON to make asynchronous calls to the project server to fetch data on the fly.  • Used AJAX for implementing part of the functionality for Customer Registration, View Customer information modules.  • Used XML Web Services using SOAP/RestFul to transfer the amount to transfer application that is remote and global to different financial institutions.  • Used GIT for version controlling and regularly pushed the code to GitHub.  • Used agile methodology for the software development.  • Coordinate with Business and Designer team to develop high level Business and Technical documents.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Bootstrap, EXT JS, Angular JS, Angular 2, Node JS, React JS, Redux, Responsive web design, Photoshop, Dreamweaver, XHTML, DOM, W3C, JSP, AJAX, JSON, JQuery, SOAP, XML, GIT, Agile and Windows. Front End/UI Developer Occupational Health Systems - Knoxville, TN July 2015 to October 2016 Responsibilities:  • Involved in the Software Development Life Cycle phases like Requirement Analysis, Implementation and estimating the time-lines for the project.  • Responsible for transforming design mock-ups to W3C standards compliant HTML pages using XHTML, CSS, JavaScript, and JQuery, XML and XSLT.  • Used MVC Framework Angular.js in the development for data binding and to consume RESTful web services.  • Involved in developing a data dash boarding site using Angular.js.  • Implemented user interface guidelines and standards throughout the development and maintenance of the website using DHTML (HTML, CSS and JavaScript).  • Responsible for developing various static and dynamic modules which are displayed in different web pages according to the specifications.  • Worked one-on-one with client to develop layout, color scheme for his website and implemented it into a final interface design with the HTML/CSS & JavaScript using Dreamweaver CS3.  • Developed and designed XML Schemas to transport and store data. XML was used to simplify data and allow for Created & worked on Angular.JS modules, controllers, services & filters  • Designed and implemented a SPA (Single Page Application) in Angular.JS.  • Platform Changes, as well as making data more available across the applications distributed platforms.  • Extensively used XSLT to transform XML documents to HTML.  • Wrote custom JQuery plugins and developed JavaScript functions to build a bleeding-edge, AJAX-driven user interface.  • Implemented dynamic page elements and form error validations using JavaScript.  • Developed social network services for user interaction using JavaScript, CSS and DHTML.  • Interacted with the Graphics design team in the use of Photoshop CS3, MS Visio, PowerPoint, Dreamweaver and Flash.  • Used Subversion (SVN) as a repository tool and as a version control.  • Participate in the team meetings on Agile development cycle.    Environment: HTML5, XHTML, DHTML, XML, XSLT, CSS, JavaScript, Angular.js, JQuery, AJAX, JSP, Dreamweaver, Flash, Photoshop, SVN, Eclipse, Agile, Windows. Software Developer (Web) Inspire Info Sol Ltd October 2012 to June 2015 Responsibilities:  • Designed the Web application layout and forms using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, jQuery.  • Responsible for creating the screens with table less design following W3C standards.  • Wrote code to fetch data from Web services using jQuery, AJAX via JSON response and updating the HTML pages.  • Wrote application level code to perform client-side validation using jQuery and JavaScript.  • Fixed bugs and provided support services for the application.  • Handled all the client-side validations, slide show, hide and show controls, dropdown menus and tab navigation using jQuery.  • Used AJAX calls for data updates in UI along with JSON data parsing.  • Used JQuery and AJAX to create attractive animations and smooth transitions for a better user experience.  • Used JQuery to traverse through a DOM tree and manipulated the nodes in the tree.  • Implemented the Drag and Drop functionality using JQuery framework.  • Used JQuery for creating various widgets, data manipulation, data traversing, from validations, create the content on the fly depend on the user request, implementing AJAX features for the application.  • Used SVN for version control and defect tracking.  • Designed applications that execute on various browsers such as Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox and Google Chrome using various debugging tools like Firebugs/IE Developer Tools.  • Worked on cross browser compatibility issues and fix the bugs pertaining to various browsers.  • Participated in day-to-day meeting, status meeting, strong reporting and effective communication with project manager and developers.    Environment: JavaScript, HTML, CSS, JQuery, JSON, AJAX, DOM, SVN, Firebug, and Windows. Skills Git, Javascript, Bootstrap, Node.js, Typescript, Json, Svn, Xml, Ajax, Opera, Tomcat, Web design, Web server, Java, jquery, Html5, Cvs, Flash, Http, Apache Additional Information Technical Skills:  Web Technologies HTML5, XHTML, XML, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, Ajax, JSON, Responsive Web Design  Version Controls SVN, CVS, Git  Java Script Libraries JQuery, Angular 2/4/5/6, React.js, Bootstrap, TypeScript, Node.js  Browser IE6, Firefox, Opera, Chrome , Safari  Graphic Tools Flash CS3, Photoshop  Methodologies Agile, Waterfall  Web/App Servers Apache Tomcat, HTTP Web Server  Operating Systems Windows NT, Windows 2000, Windows XP (Prof), Win 7