Front End Engineer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> Engineer Front End Engineer - TKC Holdings Inc Delaware City, DE • Over 5 Years of IT experience in development of web-based, client/server, distributed and Object oriented applications.  • Involved in various Phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) i.e. Analysis, Design, Development, Implementation, Testing and User Training of Enterprise Web-Applications, stand alone and Distributed applications.  • Strong knowledge of SCRUM, Agile development.  • Experience in developing the projects using various web frameworks, Angular, AngularJs, Sencha ExtJs, Node.js, AJAX, JavaScript and JQuery.  • Extensive Experience in writing Stored Procedures and User Defined Functions in SQL Server 2008/2012.  • Experience in writing Data Access Layers using an MVC-based architecture.  • Created persistent connection, relationships between databases using MySQLi (MySQL improved) to PHP and Node.js to MySQL to manage relational data as JSON objects.  • Knowledge on MongoDB, Mongoose for Object-Document Mapping (ODM).  • Proficient in using User controls and custom controls for application development.  • Experience in implementing Authentication and Authorization for the applications.  • Proficient in developing applications using ExtJs, React.js library.  • Expertise in writing Stored Procedures, Triggers, Functions, Views and Performance Tuning.  • Ability to adapt for new tools and technologies quickly and apply to the applications/projects.  • Innovative with a special talent for trouble shooting and resolving complex technical problems and escalated issues.  • Extensively used MS Visual Source Safe (VSS) and Git for software configuration management and version control.  • Expertise in installing, developing and deploying applications on web servers such as Amazon Web Services (AWS) and Heroku  • Experience in implementing error handling, exception management, tracing and logging features.  • Worked on Jest, QUnit, Mocha and Jasmine libraries for Unit Tests and Acceptance Tests and performed code reviews.  • A team player with excellent interpersonal, communication and presentation skills. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Front End Engineer TKC Holdings Inc August 2016 to Present Responsibilities:  • Implemented service logic to parse the web files which are of specific format from FTP by using JQuery as a part of console application.  • Developed RCM web application using Node, React.js, Java, Spring MVC, jQuery, SQL Server.  • Developed front- end code with Ajax call in React.js and jQuery to retrieve data as JSON Object from controllers in back- end RESTful Server.  • Created the Node.js Express Server combined with Socket.io to build MVC framework from front- end side Angular to back- end MongoDB.  • Displayed the well-organized result in web pages by writing React controller  • Implemented authentication and authorization.  • Implemented AJAX for partial page execution and asynchronous data transfer between service layer and client.  • Involved in unit testing for the change request and the defects. Implemented Business Objects layers using npm and new features like arrow functions, let and const, and promises.  • Created data objects in SQL server by creating stored procedures and functions.  • Used Sequelize as ORM tool to communicate between application and the SQL server.  • Developed web services and invoked them by using XML, SOAP and REST for creating proxy classes.  • Used ES6, Typescript, Spring MVC and LAMBDA expressions for communicating between Business Logic Layer and Data Access Layer.  • Performed validations by using client-side validations and filters.  • Worked on tuning the SQL Queries for better performance by looking at the different tools like SQL Profiler and execution plans.  • Developed Unit Test cases using QUnit.  • Used Team Foundation Server for managing version of the source code and all project related documents and tasks.    Environment: Angular4, Spring MVC, Node.js, Java, CSS, AJAX, jQuery, jqGrid, Chart.js, IIS7.5, SQL-Server 2012 UI Developer AT&T - Piscataway, NJ January 2012 to August 2016 Responsibilities:  • Involved in the Complete Software development life cycle (SDLC) from requirement analysis, designing UI/Middle tier/ database and transition.  • Implemented the web application framework using Sencha ExtJs, Node, JavaScript, JQuery and various Design Patterns for Custom solutions and the service Layer  • Created proof of concept for implementing views in React for development  • Implemented Data Access Layer using customized Flux. Express, EJS helps in partial views which are a user control and it is embedded inside other view.  • Dynamic web site design and programming using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery.  • Developed jQuery based calendar to schedule appointments.  • Responsible for creating efficient design and developing User Interaction screens using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery AJAX and JSON.  • Developed interface to display report data using jQuery, AJAX, JavaScript and JSON, XML  • Used various jQuery plugins like auto complete, date picker, color picker, document slider to enhance the usability, functionality and overall experience for website  • Implemented pagination and sorting functionalities in different modules using jQuery plugins  • Designed the front- end applications, user interactive (UI) web pages using web technologies like HTML, XHTML, and CSS.  • Using advanced level of JQUERY, AJAX, JavaScript, CSS and pure CSS layouts.  • Used Firebug and IE Developer Toolbar for debugging and browser compatibility, cross-browser / platform testing and compatibility assurance  • Using SVN for version control.  • Participated in requirement gathering, coordinated with various development teams in code integration.  • Worked extensively on CSS for making the application responsive over all screen sizes.  • Developing interfaces which can interact with other CRM systems and Microsoft AX environments. Used front- end web development tools like CSS, JavaScript, HTML and jQuery.  • Worked in Agile development environment and participated in meetings and discussions with department heads, project managers, architects and co - developers.  • Implemented various client side validations using JQuery and Angular, Passport Validation implemented at Controller level using Data Annotations.  • Extensively used JQuery a concise JavaScript Library for traversing HTML document, event handling and AJAX interactions.  • Actively involved in Database design and stored procedure and optimization.  • Develop administrative module to add/remove roles from users, activate users, configure privileges, and ensure authorized users had approval authority for certain actions.  • Implemented caching to improve performance and scalability in some processes that consume commonly used static data.    Environment: Angular, Spring MVC, REST, JavaScript, JQuery, Node, WCF, IIS 7.0, AJAX, PHP, HTML5, CSS Education Master's Skills AJAX (6 years), jQuery (6 years), JSON (6 years), MODEL VIEW CONTROLLER (6 years), MODEL-VIEW-CONTROLLER (6 years) Additional Information SKILLS  Angular JavaScript SQL Java Express Async  Spring Browserify Grunt Socket.IO Mocha Passport  Sencha ExtJs MySQLi Node.js JSX QUnit  SCRUM MVC Cheerio Nodemailer XML JSON  REST JQuery Backbone LESS SASS AJAX  JSLint JSHint ESLint WebPack GIT Subversion  Gulp Restify Intellij IDEA Marked Body-parser Compression  Oracle Mongoose MS SQL Server MYSQL Stripe Gulp  MongoDB JQuery OSX Windows Babel Inquirer  NoSQL Handlebars EJS AWS TypeScript Firebase  Bootstrap GitHub Bcrypt Redux NPM DB2  Angular Js React Http-server Nodemon Atom ODM    PREOFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE