Software/ Front End/ UI Developer Software/ <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span>/ UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> Software/ Front End/ UI Developer Herndon, VA • Over 7 years of experience in software designing and development of cross browser compatible webpage using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap and AngularJS.  • Extensive experience in DOM manipulation using JavaScript, jQuery.  • Experience with Bootstrap Grid System to make responsive webpage layout.  • Experience with working on resolving numerous cross browser compatibility issue related to CSS.  • Proficient in UI development using JavaScript framework AngularJS and library jQuery as well as JS Task Runners (Grunt).  • Experience with CSS and best practices, modifications of existing CSS files to enhance user experience.  • Proficient in using custom-directive, factories, routing and services for Single Page Application(SPA) by using front- end MVC framework AngularJS.  • Hands-on experience in using AngularJS AJAX for sending asynchronous request to web server.  • Experience in IDEs like WebStorm, Eclipse, Visual Studio and text editors like Sublime text3, Notepad++ and visual studio code to build web pages.  • Intermediate experience with Advanced JavaScript (including prototype-based inheritance, AJAX, JSON), and familiar with using CSS preprocessor (like SASS, LESS).  • Comfortable with AngularJS features MVW pattern, Templates and Two-way data binding.  • Having experience with using NodeJS to create web server and using npm to manage packages.  • Good understanding in SQL database and NoSQL database.  • Experience in debugging and troubleshooting the existing code using Chrome inspector, Firebug and AngularJS Batarang (plug-in for Chrome).  • Experience in using Jasmine to do Unit testing and protractor to do end to end test.  • Well-versed with multiple version control tools like CVS and Git.  • Understanding of all phases of SDLC and Agile development methodologies.  • Work efficiently and effectively both as an individual and within a team. Capable of multi-tasking work under a fast-paced environment with strong analytical and problem solving. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Software/ Front End/ UI Developer Department of Labor - Washington, DC July 2016 to Present Project Description:  Energy Compensation System (ECS) is a system which delivers benefits to eligible current and former employees of the Department of Energy (DOE), its contractors and subcontractors, and also to eligible survivors of such individual, as stipulated in the Energy Employees Occupational Illness Compensation Program Act (EEOICPA).  Responsibilities  • Follow up John Papa's style guide to developed different modules including Forms, EE1, EE2, EE3, and EE10.  • Implemented typeahead dropdown by using select2, fix bugs occurs in the library which causes the cross browser issue.  • Used CVS as repository version control.  • Implemented work queue modules inside of homepage sidebar by using HTML5, LESS, AngularJS.  • Created custom directives for alerts, custom reusable data table (ecs-datatable), date-picker, etc.  • Applied Bootstrap, and UI Bootstrap to take care of screen resolution, so the application can fit into different size of desktop, laptop and tablets.  • Implemented toastr/alert to warn user for the invalid fields after form submission.  • Used grunt for automation, JShint, minification, file's concatenation and zipped/compressed files  • Created the custom directive for draggable modal.  • Implemented client side validation by using ng-mask, ng -pattern, ng-minLength, and ng-maxlength.  • Created custom filter to display corresponding username depends on the user id in reassign work queue popup.  • Hand on experience with UI-routes.  • Developed the case search to allow user search case based on SSN, caseID and other user information, and populated the data display in ng-table.  • Created Angular custom service (factory) for reusable component across the whole app.  • Display all the filled form details in case level claim form module.  • Implemented the functionality of inline add/update/delete in ng-table.  • Developed the form summary which allow user to track the data they entered in different case.  • Debug the application using Chrome inspect tool.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, AngularJS, Less, Grunt, ng-table, Bootstrap, AJAX, Select2, Toastr, Angular drag and drop. Front End / UI Developer Tropical Cheese Industries - Perth Amboy, NJ March 2015 to June 2016 Project Description: Project is to redesign and rebuild the online website, add more functionalities on the original one and in conversion of existing UI screens of the website to AngularJS based UI and make website responsive to all devices and desktops.  Responsibilities  • Contributed as key resource of the "AngularJS Framework Team" in conversion of existing UI screens of the application to AngularJS based UI.  • Involved in development of commonly used Angular components across teams such as directives for pagination, conditional validations etc.  • Involved in development of numerous existing UI screens to HTML5, CSS3 and AngularJS for the UI modules.  • Development of custom AngularJS directives, which are used for DOM manipulation along with HTML5 components.  • Implementation of multiple design Layouts using Bootstrap Grid system.  • Participated in development of well responsive single page application using AngularJS framework with front- end UI team.  • Converted wireframes to HTML5/CSS3 that are fluid in nature which fit various resolutions for Mobile & Tablet.  • Implemented client side validation by using AngularJS form validation and HTML5 new input form type.  • Created Angular custom service (factory) for reusable component across the whole app.  • Worked on Grunt for JavaScript file's concatenation and minify to improve performance in loading web pages.  • Used AngularJS router to divide whole app into multiple partial views.  • Developed shopping cart module and implemented CRUD operations in the shopping cart.  • Used AngularJS filter to format user input to get the expected output.  • Debug the application using Firebug and Chrome inspect tool.  • Used jasmine to do unit test and execute end to end test using protractor.  • Used AngularJS AJAX for implementing dynamic Web Pages where the content was fetched via API calls and updated the DOM (JSON Parsing).  • Successfully executed all the test cases and fixed any bugs/issues identified during the test cycles.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, AngularJS, SASS, Bootstrap, AJAX, JSON, jasmine, protractor. Web/UI Developer Columbia Bank - Fair Lawn, NJ January 2014 to February 2015 Project Description: Project was to upgrade the wealth management module in online banking system. This module could help client's financial advisor create an actionable financial plan for reaching client's expectation based on client's financial status and various products including insurance plans, retirement plans and asset management.  I participate in creating the main dashboard of this module and involved in creating several components of the main page.  Responsibilities  • Developed Web applications using JavaScript framework AngularJS.  • Responsibilities include writing code in HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript and making using of Bootstrap to create the main dashboard.  • Used AngularJS ngRouter divide multiple views to enable financial advisor navigate to different pages.  • Used Git for version control across common source code used by developers.  • Developed dynamic responsive Web Application by integrating AngularJS with Twitter Bootstrap, provided by the development team.  • Created AngularJS custom directives for client front end authentication.  • Used AngularJS $resource to consume Rest API to fetch data from back end and render it on the web page.  • Developed Angular custom filter to format input.  • Created AngularJS custom service to encapsulate Ajax request so that this service can be reusable in the whole project.  • Made changes to various CSS properties to enhance the UI as per requirements.  • Involved in complete Software development lifecycle including Analysis, Design, Implementation, Testing and Maintenance employed SCRUM methodology of Agile model.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JSON, Ajax, AngularJS UI Developer Research Foundation of CUNY - New York, NY October 2012 to December 2013 Project Description:  This Project was to upgrade the web page style of the Research Foundation of CUNY so that it can have a better user experience. I involved in redesign and recreate the student service module in it.  Responsibilities  • Designed web pages using with HTML5, CSS3 and javaScript based on the W3C standard.  • Used the Mozilla Firefox extension, Firebug, to view and debug HTML, DOM and JavaScript.  • Developed and improved application using MVC Framework AngularJS.  • Proficiency in implementing the design to meet web standards (W3C), and worked on various browsers for cross-browser implementation.  • Used CSS selectors for condition based styling and pseudo-classes to add some special effects to selectors.  • Used Angular router to navigate to different templates.  • Used CSS box model and Bootstrap grid system to layout the website.  • Created dropdown list used AngularJS UI Bootstrap for different tabs within the sidebar like Academic resources, Career services, Student profiles and Graduation.  • Used AJAX to fetches the data from Web Services.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, AngularJS, Git, Web Services, REST Services, Angular UI Bootstrap Front End Developer Autohome Inc - Beijing, CN September 2011 to September 2012 Responsibilities  • Deep understanding of JavaScript and the jQuery library  • Elegant implementation of page designs in standards-compliant HTML and CSS.  • Designing and implementing functionality using technologies including JavaScript, AJAX, JavaScript libraries such as jQuery.  • Working with Bootstrap to design Single Page Applications.  • Developed user interface with JavaScript, jQuery and AJAX.  • Developed interactive and dynamic web pages using JavaScript.  • Designed dynamic and multi-browser compatible pages using HTML, CSS and JavaScript.  • Responsible for creating the screens with table-less designs meeting W3C standards.  • Applied jQuery scripts for basic animation and end user screen customization purposes.  • Used AJAX and JSON to make asynchronous calls to the project server to fetch data on the fly.  • Designed CSS based page layouts that are cross-browser compatible on all the major browsers like Safari, Chrome, Firefox and IE.  • Implemented various Validation Controls for form validation and implemented custom validation controls with JavaScript validation controls.  • Responsible for fixing all bugs encountered and communicating them back over to the QA team.  Environment: HTML, JavaScript, CSS, jQuery, AJAX, JSON, Bootstrap. Web Developer BUU - Beijing, CN September 2009 to August 2011 Responsibilities  • Implemented "Student Management System" using of HTML 4.01, CSS and AJAX to track all detail of students' attendance, complete semesters, curriculum, exam results, etc.  • Utilized HTML4, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, and AJAX to create a user login system that allowed customers to login.  • Admin Panel is designed and implemented for updating contents in application.  • JavaScript functions used to provide better and more visual environment to the user.  • Involved designing database and tables in SQL Server.  • Followed 3-Tier Architecture, designed and implemented corresponding Layers to provide data flow in the application. Used User Controls to use them repeatedly.  Environment: HTML, JavaScript, CSS, AJAX. Skills AngularJS (4 years), HTML (7 years), CSS (7 years) Additional Information SKILL SET:  Web Technologies: HTML5/4.01, CSS3, JavaScript, AJAX, Bootstrap, SASS/LESS, GRUNT, jQuery, JSON, DOM, AngularJS  IDE & Tools: WebStorm, Sublime Text, Brackets, Notepad++, Visual Studio Code.  Debugging Tools: Firebug, Chrome Inspector  Languages: Java, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Python, typescript  Operating Systems: Windows XP/7/8/10, Mac OS X, Red Hat Linux, Unix  Web/App Servers Apache Tomcat, HTTP Web Server  Database SQL Server, MySQL, MongoDB