UI Front- End Developer UI <span class="hl">Front</span>-<span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> UI Front- End Developer - Balfour/Taylor Publications ? Over 6+ years of experience in developing an application using JavaScript, Reactjs HTML5 /DHTML, DOM, XHTML, jQuery, CSS3, and Ajax.  ? Experience in Software life cycle phases like Requirement Analysis, Implementation and estimating the time-lines for the project.  ? Very strong knowledge in Object Oriented Analysis and Designing, Object oriented programming and Design Patterns.  ? Expert in developing User Interface (UI) applications and professional web applications using JavaScript, Reactjs HTML5 /DHTML.  ? Experience in using Software development methodologies such as Agile and Waterfall  ? Solid working experience in various IDE's: Atom, Visual Studio, Notepad++, Sublime Text, Eclipse, etc.  ? Very good experience in Document Object Model (DOM) and have a strong understanding of DOM Functions, alongside experienced in dealing with challenging High Traffic Websites and Cross Browser Issues handling.  ? Expert in handling Twitter Bootstrap framework i.e., the concept of Grids, making using of advance components like Navs, Nav bars, Pagination, Alerts, Progress bars etc.  ? Expertise in maintaining the websites, software, modifying and understanding the existing code.  ? Hands on experience with object oriented JavaScript code and responsible for client side validation using Angular Directives and JQuery functions.  ? Used JSON object for object manipulation in front end.  ? Experience in using various JavaScript Web application related libraries such as JQuery, NodeJS, AngularJS, REDUX, and Bootstrap.  ? Well versed with multiple version control tools like GIT Hub.  ? Experience in Service Oriented Architecture using Web Services like Soap& Restful.  ? Excellent communication and interpersonal skills.  ? Strong research, analytical, computing skills  ? Ability to work independently and adapt quickly to emerging new technologies. Work Experience UI Front- End Developer Balfour/Taylor Publications - Dallas, TX September 2016 to Present Responsibilities:  ? Description: Handled Studio Balfour- Suite with features from creation of stores to management of students  ? Involved in the Software Development Life Cycle phases like Requirement Analysis, Implementation and estimating the time-lines for the project.  ? Used agile methodology for the software development.  ? Few applications are built using Angular 1.x.  ? Development of the interactive UI's for the front end users using the front end technologies like HTML, CSS, JavaScript and JQuery.  ? Responsible for designing page layout using HTML5, CSS3 along with JQuery and adding dynamic functionality to each module.  ? Develop interactive and responsive front- end application using React, Webpack, and Nodejs.  ? Built Single Page Applications (SPA), Responsive Web design, UI using HTML5 Grid Layouts, CSS3.  ? Good knowledge on designing Responsive Pages using Bootstrap.  ? Extensively used CSS and Bootstrap for styling the HTML elements.  ? Utilized Reactjs & REDUX for rendering and deployment of end setting web pages.  ? Developed Tabbed pages using AJAX with JQuery and JSON for quick view of related content, providing both functionality and ease of access to the user.  ? Used GraphQL for API's and runtime for fulfilling those queries with the existing data.  ? Involved in writing application level code to interact with RESTful Web APIs, Web Services using AJAX, JSON, and jQuery.  ? Day to Day Scrum meetings to update and discuss issues.  ? Involved in fixing the bug's biweekly iteration and publishing the Dockets to all Environments.    Environment:HTML5, CSS3, JQuery, JavaScript, AJAX, GRAPHQL, RestAPI, NodeJS, React, Webpack, bootstrap, Gulp, Wordpress, Jenkins, JSON, jQuery. UI Developer Humana - Louisville, KY January 2015 to August 2016 Responsibilities:  ? Developed all the UI pages using HTML, XUL, DHTML, DOM, CSS, JSON, JavaScript, jQuery, Ajax.  ? Created XHTML Pages with CSS and the Box Model.  ? Used jQuery core library functions for the logical implementation part at client side for all the applications.  ? Trained designers and developers on creating icon fonts and using them in Axure, Photoshop and implementing them using HTML5 and CSS3.  ? Used jQuery Events to manipulate the elements depends on the user interactions (like. ready (), hover (), bind (), click (), keypress () etc.)  ? Used react bootstrap for Drag-and-Drop, Widgets, Menus, User Interface and Forms.  ? Developed Date Time Picker using Object Oriented JavaScript extensively.  ? Responsible for setting up React JS framework for UI development.  ? Involved in developing client side presentation and, data validation on the client side with in the forms.  ? Successfully executed all the test cases and fixed any bugs/issues identified during the test cycles.  ? Performed adequate unit testing and provide automated unit test cases.  ? Analyzing, Debugging and Fixing the Front End UI issues assigned through Jira bug tracking tools.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, Dreamweaver CS5, AJAX, JSON, IDE like Eclipse, Jasmine, widget, DOM functions, DHTML, XML, JSP, XHTML, Adobe Photoshop, Jira Java Developer LIC - Hyderabad, Telangana July 2013 to December 2014 Responsibilities:  • Designed and implemented User management using J2EE, JSP, Servlets, Struts and Oracle Database.  • Developed web applications using JQuery, CSS for styling and HTML.  • Implemented the business logic using JSP, Java Beans and service classes.  • Designed the presentation using Struts framework.  • Developed the classes, Action form classes, created JSP's using Struts tag libraries and configured in Struts-config.xml, web.xml files.  • Developed single page web application using JavaScript framework Angular JS.  • Used Multithreading in programming to improve overall performance.  • Extensive experience in J2EE, Java Servlets, Java Swing, AWT, JSPs, XML/XSL, DHTML, Oracle, JDBC Multi-Threading and Caching were used to improve user experience.  • Used spring Web Services template for accessing data in API's using SOAP Web Services.  • Strong knowledge in various Design Patterns including Singleton, and Model View Controller (MVC).  • For programming the internal business logics Core Java concepts are used.  • Back- end Java developer for Data Management Platform (DMP).  • Developed web applications using JQuery, CSS for styling and HTML.  • Develop the business logic using Java, JDBC and Deploy on Tomcat server.  • Implemented all the CRUD operations using JPA query language.  • Developed Junit test cases to validate the REST services.  • Responsible for the development and maintenance of Billing Engine and Pre-Audit, using Collection.  • Involved in the development of presentation layer and GUI framework using CSS3 and HTML.  • Client Side validations were done using JavaScript.    Environment: java JDK 1.7, J2EE, Log4J, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, JSF, JSON, AngularJS, JAVA, JSP, MYSQL, Spring MVC, Hibernate, Eclipse IDE, SOAP XML, web sphere application server. Java Developer Meridian Soft - Hyderabad, Telangana August 2012 to June 2013 Responsibilities:  • Involved in various phases of software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) as requirement gathering, modeling, analysis, architecture design and development, Testing, Support.  • Developed the web tier using JSP, Spring MVC.  • Used Java Script top develop the front- end application.  • Used spring framework as middle tier component and integrated with Hibernate for back- end development.  • Developed domain objects using hibernate and the respective configuration in xml files.  • Resolved many challenging tasks while migrating by taking care of the sessions and creating stubs as per the new environment.  • Worked web UI technologies JQuery, Java Script, HTML, Ajax and CSS.  • Designed front- end based on Bootstrap templates and embedded forms verification with JavaScript together with Regular Expression.  • Integrated Java code in JSP pages and responsible for setting up framework.  • Implemented code according to coding standards and created Angular JS Controller, which isolate scopes perform operations.  • Worked on unit and integration testing of the application.  • Created SQL queries, used functions, procedures and triggers.  • Coordinate with Interface Design Architects for meeting accessibility standards at code level.  • Design and build UIs on Server Platform in team environment.  • Participating in product development discussions and providing UI related information.  • Used log4j to log different types of messages to write on to the proprietary log model.    Environment: java JDK 1, J2EE, Log4J, HTML, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, JSF, AJAX JSON, JAVA, JSP, MYSQL, Spring MVC, Hibernate, Eclipse IDE, XML, web sphere application server. Education Master of science in Information Assurance in Information Assurance Wilmington University 2015 to 2016 Bachelor of Technology in Information Technology in Information Technology JNTU Hyderabad 2008 to 2012 Sri Chaitanya Junior College - Hyderabad, Telangana 2006 to 2008 SSC Bhashyam Public School - Hyderabad, Telangana 2006 Skills Visual studio, Javascript, Redux, Typescript, Eclipse, Java, Jsp, Servlets, Tomcat, Web logic, Web sphere, Angularjs, Html5, Ms access, Sql server, Sql server 2008, Mysql, Oracle, Sql, Apache Additional Information Technical Skills:    Web Technologies HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, ES6, React JS, Redux, Typescript, AngularJS  Programming Languages Java, JSP/ Servlets, SQL.  Databases SQL Server 2008, Oracle 11g, MySQL 5.1, MS Access 2007.  Operating Systems Windows, Linux and Mac OS.  IDE Atom, Visual Studio, Notepad++, Sublime Text, Eclipse  Servers Apache Tomcat, Web Logic, Web Sphere.