UI Developer UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> UI Developer - Company or Organization Tampa, FL Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience UI Developer Company or Organization - Tampa, FL December 2017 to Present Roles & Responsibilities:  • Closely worked with business system analyst to understand the requirements to ensure that right set of UI modules been built.  • Utilized HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, J Query, and AJAX to create a user login system that allowed customers to login.  • Developed Agent Portal with mobile friendly, responsive applications using HTML5, CSS, JSON, AJAX, Angular 5, J Query and Bootstrap for developing user interface and server-side technology.  • Revamped the existing HTML website and updated content to be stored on the database instead of hardcoded into each page.  • Designed complete layout of the pages of websites and table less web applications using CSS and with the help of tags as per W3C standards.  • Used JavaScript, Bootstrap, Vue JS, RxJS for validation and for developing modules on front- end.  • Developed a single page, mobile-first, cross-device web application for real-time location sharing utilizing Angular2/4, RXJS, and JavaScript API.  • Used Angular framework to extend the HTML5 template language.  • Created Angular controllers, services, directives, factories, services, routing, DOM manipulation using Java Script and angular  • Familiar with concept of Component, Modules, Metadata, Lazy Loading, Data-Binding, Service, Dependency Injection and RxJS in Angular2.  • Used Angular filters for filter functionality in search box and integrator functionalities.  • Created custom Angular filters to provide better search experience, Implemented Angular client-side validation forms using various controls and filters.  • Used Angular in creating multi-page view using templates &ng-route.  • Utilized Angular inbuilt directives for implementation also implemented costumed directives for the one's that is not available.  • Implemented AJAX to multiple aspects of the website to improve functionality.  • Used JSON to get response from server to check functionality of the websites.  • Designed PDF, Excel and Print previews for all the reports in the application using HTML/HTML5, JavaScript and SQL Stored Procedure.  • Responsible for checking cross browser compatibility and hence worked on different browsers like safari, Internet explorer, Firefox and Google chrome.  • Worked with teams where requirements are constantly being implemented, tested and improved.  • Worked closely with SQA team in fixing the reported bugs/defects and checking cross platform compatibility.  • Involved in implementation of MVC pattern using Angular 4 and Spring Controller.  • Ability to create self-contained, reusable, and testable modules and components.  • Highly used Angular 2 router to build single page application for navigates through the different status and multiple modals.  • Experience in building end to end web applications using MEAN stack with Angular1.X, 2, 4.  • Developed various Angular 2 Components, Services, Directive and Pipes using Type Script.  • Used Karma and Jasmine to write custom unit tests for testing of each component and angular application.  • Called the RESTful web services calls for POST, PUT, DELETE and GET methods.  • Built unit test cases and integration test cases using Mocha, Chai, Karma and Jasmine.  • Worked on Responsive web pages (RWD) using Bootstrap, Rx JS, RESTFUL API web development and media queries.  • Worked in an Agile- Scrum development methodology to ensure delivery of high quality work with monthly iteration, also involved in sprint planning and retrospectives.  • Created Typescript reusable components and services to consume REST API's using Component-based architecture provided by Angular 2/4.  • Good knowledge on creating services with Angular 2 @injectable property, as to make the service available for dependency injection when creating components.  • Designed dynamic client-side JavaScript codes to build web forms and simulate process for a web application, page navigation using Angular 4, Rx JS.  • Designed and developed the REST based Micro services using the Spring Boot.  Environment: HTML,HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, ECLIPSE, JQuery, Angular4,5, Backbone.js, AJAX, JSON, Bootstrap, MySQL, Pl/SQL, DOJO JS, React JS, Redux, RXJS, Notepad++,Node JS, VUE JS, EXTJS, Cross-browser compatibility, Azure, UI testing, Adobe Dream weaver, JSP,Angular2-CLI(dev and Prod),Angular4,PHP My Admin, MS Office, Jasmine, Karma, NPM , Gulp, GitHub, Quality Center and Jenkins, Mocha and chai, Cucumber, Micro services. UI Developer Company or Organization - Milwaukee, WI June 2016 to November 2017 Roles & Responsibilities:  • Worked on versioning tools like GIT and SVN.  • Worked in Agile Development and maintained good level of communication in team going through all phases of SDLC lifecycle.  • Developed Responsible Web Design (RWD) UI using HTML 5, CSS3 media queries, DOM, Ajax, JSON, Angular JS and Bootstrap.  • Implemented latest CSS3 features like creating various effects, shading, 2D 3D animation, Shapes and Handling multimedia.  • Developed the front- end for the Identity Guard member website in HTML5, CSS3, jQuery, and Angular 2, in a responsive grid layout using Angular UI framework based on Bootstrap.  • Embedded new Media Elements i.e., video and audio files using the HTML5 mark-ups and used HTML5 file API for uploading local files from the client-side.  • Designed and developed web pages using CSS pre-processors such as LESS and SAAS.  • Worked with Twitter Bootstrap framework making use of grids, advance components like Navigation bars, Pagination, Alerts, Progress bars etc.  • Experience in integration testing frameworks and libraries like Jasmine and Karma to create unit test cases and test individual functions/modules for AngularJS applications.  • Developed Custom directives to be reused across different modules in the application.  • Developed Web API using MVC framework for all business logic and exposed to the front- end interfaces.  • Gathered data from API/web services via AJAX-JSON calls and updating the DOM within the result sets.  • Developed RESTFUL API using Node.JS (Express) with offline support, response caching, request interception, API authentication error handling implemented as promise-based middleware and worked with open API standards like Swagger.  • Implemented the web application using React framework, along with Flux architecture on Node JS.  • Created reusable templates using Angular directives and worked with NPM package manager tools (Node JS).  • Used JQuery to make RESTful API calls and Designed/documented REST APIs for collection and retrieval of high data.  • Used JSON for data exchange between client and server and also Ajax to reduce the network load and update only the certain components of the website.  • Used GRUNT for UI task runner and mastered in using the GRUNT commands for building and deploying the project.  • Used Jasmine framework with Karma to write tests cases and performed end2end testing using protractor.  • Used W3C Validator for testing and worked on Unit testing with Karma and Jasmine.  • Debugged the issues in firebug for Firefox, web developer tools in Chrome, Safari and IE 8, 9, 10 browsers.  • Experienced in developing web applications using latest JavaScript ES6 features and frameworks such as React and Redux.  • sCreate complex JIRA work flows including project workflows, screen schemes, permission schemes and notification schemes in JIRA.  • Worked closely with SQA team in fixing the reported bugs/defects and checking cross platform compatibility.  • Developed Auction Search (REST) Service API/Server using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript/Typescript (AngularJS), Rx JS, AngularJS 2 (Angular Components, Angular Services using Typescript) on the client side stack and JavaScript/Node JS, Express/Node JS API, TLS/SSL Authentication, NoSQL and Elastic search.  • Used Bootstrap and Angular JS, React JS, Rx JS, Express JS, MONGO DB and Node.js in effective web design.  • Extensively used Firebug/web kit inspector to debug UI code and handle different browser CSS issues.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, Bootstrap, AngularJS, Angular 4, Rx JS, Node JS , React JS, Azure, JSON, RESTFUL web service, Apache Tomcat, Karma, Jasmine, SASS, JIRA, Twitter bootstrap, Karma, MS Office, PL/SQL,GIT, JAVA, MongoDB, NoSQL, MY SQL, Agile/Scrum Methodologies, Type Script. UI Developer Company or Organization - Roseland, NJ September 2015 to May 2016 Roles & Responsibilities: -  • Designed the user interactive (UI) web pages using web technologies like HTML5, XHTML, CSS3, Bootstrap framework.  • Manually loading the Bootstrap's J Query plugins into the Bootstrap module individually loads the file under the package's top level directory.  • Wrote application level code to perform client side validation using JQuery and JavaScript.  • Used JQuery to traverse through a DOM tree and manipulated the nodes in the tree.  • Handling PHP backend development for dynamic database driven website.  • Handled UI with Angular JS (MVC framework) to control the page layout.  • Built the reusable service components using Angular JS services with Object Oriented JavaScript, J Query, HTML, CSS3 based on the visual designs.  • Used Bootstrap to create more responsive webpages, which can be compatible with all the browsers and compatible with the different devices.  • Dynamic website design and programming using PHP, MySQL, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, and Ajax.  • Node JS to structure JavaScript code in an MVC (Model, View, and Controller).  • Implement modules into Node JS to integrate with designs and requirements.  • Involved in write application level code to interact with APIs, Web Services using AJAX, JSON and XML.  • Involved in writing SQL Queries, Stored Procedures.  • Worked on JavaScript frameworks (Angular JS, Node JS) to augment browser based applications with MVC capability.  • Worked on debugging JavaScript and HTML code with Firefox Firebug and Google chrome JavaScript debugger.  • Uses GITHUB for the Version control.  • Used MEAN (Mongo DB, Express, Angular, Node) Stack.  • Worked on ECMA script, Mocha, Chai.  • Developing Client Side Validations using JavaScript.  • Created images, logos and icons that are used across the web pages using Adobe Photoshop.  • Worked in all phases of SDLC, including requirements analysis, design and development, bug fixing, supporting QA teams and debugging production issues.  Environment: HTML, HTML5, DHTML, XHTML, CSS, CSS3, XML, JSON, DTD, XSL, XSLT, XQuery, XPath, XML DOM, AJAX, Jasmine, JavaScript, jQuery, Java, Karma, GitHub, MongoDB, JSP, Servlets, SQL, PHP, Require JS, Mozilla , IE, ECMA, JIRA,GITHUB, Photoshop, Responsive Design(RWD),Bootstrap, Web services, ANT, XML, Angular JS. Front End Developer Company or Organization July 2013 to August 2015 Roles & Responsibilities:  • Involvement in all stages of Software development life cycle including Analysis, development, Implementation, testing and support.  • Worked in developing dynamic robust UI screens using CSS, HTML, XHTML, and JavaScript.  • Extensive experience using Bootstrap for layout.  • Involved in writing application level code to interact with APIs, Web Services using AJAX, JSON and XML.  • Created reusable templates and style sheets based on UI standards and guidelines; Performed functional tasks using specifications and wireframes.  • Extensively used Debugging JavaScript using Chrome developer Toolbar, Firebug.  • Developed the UI with extensive use of JavaScript, JSON and Ajax.  • Coordinate with Interface Design Architects for meeting accessibility standards at code level.  • Participate in the team on agile development cycle.  • Followed SCRUM methodology.  • Worked on creating responsive website for smart devices using Responsive design and media queries.  • Used AJAX extensively to implement front end /user interface features in the application.  • Developed the pages that are complaint to W3C standard.  • Version control through Git.  • Actively participated and provided feedback in a constructive and insightful manner during weekly Iterative review meetings to track the progress for each iterative cycle and figure out the issues.  • Ensured site design integrity and quality control consistency throughout the project's lifecycle.  • Advocated Web interaction design best practices, with a focus on consistency and usability.  • Assured that all user input is validated before submitting to back- end.  • Built reusable code and libraries for future use.  • Closely worked with back- end developers to optimize existing web technology and create the best possible user experience.  • Developed new user-facing features.  • Developed site content and graphics by coordinating with copywriters and graphic artists, designing Images, icons, banners, audio enhancements.  • Developed site navigation by categorizing content, funneling traffic through content.  • Established locate ability by registering with search engines.  • Implemented functionality in JavaScript, Query and PHP.  • Implemented page designs in standards-compliant dynamic XHTML and CSS.  • Implemented skill on word press.  • Optimized application for maximum speed and scalability.  • Designed and developed a dashboard for the internal management system.  • Designed and developed a dashboard including login/logout page, overview page, work page, producer page and contact page.  • Provided a management platform including Add, Delete and Edit. The user can have access to the system and do some operations after successful login.  • Created SPA with loading multiple views using route services.  Environment: HTML, CSS, MVC,XHTML, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX JSON, Bootstrap, Responsive Design, Grunt, Web pack, Jasmine .Karma, GIT, Web services, Node.js, NPM, Oracle/ SQL,DB2, Cassandra, Agile, Photoshop, Web Services, REST FUL Web Services. Education Master's Skills Visual studio, C++, Cucumber, Html, Javascript, Bootstrap, Node.js, Redux, Vue.js, Json, Php, Ruby, Subversion, Vbscript, Xml, Ajax, Css, Mozilla, Opera, Tomcat, Front-End, UI, Angular, Front End, React Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:    Web Technologies HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, Bootstrap, Jasmine, XML, JSON, Media Queries, Responsive Web Design, CSS sprites, CSS grid.  JavaScript Libraries  Angular JS, Node JS, React JS, React Native, Redux, Flux, Backbone JS, Knockout JS, Express JS, Mocha JS, Require JS, JQUERY, Vue.js, EXT JS, Version control libraries(GitHub, Apache Subversion),Angular2,Angular 4,Angular5,Polymer,RXJS.    Scripts, Languages JavaScript, JQuery, AJAX, ECMAScript 5/6, Mocha and Chai.  Programming Languages C, C++, Java, HTML, XML, VBScript, PL/SQ, Ruby, PHP.  Java Script Frameworks Angular JS, Backbone JS, Bootstrap, Ember.js, WordPress, Express JS, Dojo JS, D3 JS,Struct1,Struct 2  Development Environment Node.JS, NPMS, Bower, Gulp, Grunt, Clone,Volumio2-UI, Angular cli, Babel, Web Pack.  IDE Tools/Text Editors  Web Strom, Atom, NetBeans, Eclipse, IntelliJ, Visual Studio, Window PowerShell, Sublime, Vim, Notepad++, Brackets, Text-Mate, Sublime Text, Cucumber, Azure.    Web Browser Google Chrome, Opera, Mozilla Firefox, Internet Explorer, Safari.  Microsoft tools MS-WORD, MS-EXCEL, Outlook.  Databases PL/SQL, MySQL, Oracle, DB2, SQL Server, MS Access, Mongo DB, Networking, TCP/IP, Positive SQL.  Operating Systems Windows, Android, IOS, UNIX, LINUX, HTTP Web Server, Apache Tomcat, Web logic, Apache Cordova