UI/ Front end Developer UI/ <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">end</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> UI/ Front end Developer - Geico Insurance Fort Worth, TX • 7 + years of solid experience in User Interface and Web development in telecommunication, insurance, banking and e-commerce background.  • Proficient in UI application development using HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, Bootstrap, JavaScript, jQuery, Angular.JS, React.Js, AJAX and JSON.  • Hands-on experience on creating Single Page Application by Angular 2.  • Extensive experience in Angular.JS for application implementation, proficient in creating modules, controllers, directives and customizable directives, factory, services, customizable filter, $http and $resource CRUD methods to realize functionalities like RESTful service with Ajax calls, input validations, drop-down lists and sortable contents.  • Hands-on experience on building application by Angular Material and UI Router.  • Hands-on experience with integration with Java back ends API by Angular http service.  • Experience in CSS3 preprocessors styling such as SASS, LESS.  • Experience in consuming RESTful Web Services to implement AJAX calls and updating dynamic functionality of HTML in JavaScript, jQuery and Angular.JS.  • Familiar with popular browsers development and debugging tools/plugins for Chrome Inspector, IE tester and Firebug.  • Unit testing experience with Jasmine, Karma by TDD for developing web application.  • Familiar with Grunt task runner to manage project. Using NPM package manager to install libraries such as jQuery and Bootstrap.  • Experience in Database development and implementation using different RDBMS such as SQL Server and MySQL. Have the knowledge of working with NoSQL databases such as MongoDB.  • Good understanding in new web technologies like Lodash, Babel, ES6 and Typescript.  • Use Bitbucket as version control tool and be familiar with GIT commands.  • Hands on using Express.js to build web framework in Node.js environment and connect with MongoDB to test our application data.  • Extensive working experience in various SDLC methodologies, especially Agile Scrum and Waterfall.  • Strong communication, problem-solving ability, excellent performance in teamwork, Solid organizational, project and team management skills, Reliable, motivated, hard-working, and attentive to details. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience UI/ Front end Developer Geico Insurance - Fort Worth, TX April 2017 to Present Responsibilities:  • Responsible for creating efficient design and developing User Interaction using HTML5, CSS3, SASS, JavaScript, React.JS, Underscore.js, AJAX and JSON.  • Involved in Agile/Scrum based approach to UI Development and Waterfall for seasonal general version update release.  • Used React JS in development of the web application to bind the data/model that is being retrieved from a database through services provided in a controller to the view using scope.  • Participated with end users and business analyst to understand the business requirements.  CSS styles were developed to preserve the uniformity of all the screens throughout the application and positioning of screen objects.  • Implemented MVVM architecture using Redux Architecture with React JS.  Worked in using React JS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, Animations and Redux concept.  • Develop various screens for the front end using React JS and used various predefined components from NPM (Node Package Manager) and Redux libraries.  • Extensively used SASS while styling with CSS3 and made the application responsive using Bootstrap and CSS Media Queries.  • Used Firebug for debugging and for element styling.  • Wrote services to store and retrieve user data from the Mongo DB for the application on devices.  • Involved in daily SCRUM meetings to keep track of the project status.  • Responsible for checking cross browser compatibility issues and hence worked on different browsers like Google chrome, Internet explorer, Firefox and safari.  • Involved in implementing Queries to the backend MongoDB database using Http service to fetch JSON contract.  Experienced in implementing CRUD database operation on such as MongoDB.  • Worked with Bit Bucket for recording the progress and later for version control.  • Used Protractor and Selenium as end to end testing tools for debugging and software quality insurance.  • Involved in documentation by writing the technical documents for the project. Also, part of the presentation team to the company's executives.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, SASS, React.JS, Ajax, JSON, REST APIs, GIT, Protractor, Selenium. UI/ Front end Developer USAA - San Antonio, TX February 2016 to March 2017 Responsibilities  • Involved in designing and developing cross-browser web pages using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery and Angular 2, MEAN stack.  • Involved in Agile/Scrum based approach to UI Development and Waterfall for seasonal general version update release.  • Used Observables imported from Rxjs and Subscribe method to trigger the code.  • Created several forms that take user input and performed client-side validation using Angular form reactive method.  • Implemented Bootstrap3 features such as grid-system, tables, date picker and tooltip to enhance user experience of the application.  • Implemented Angular components, directives and routing to create components and add meaningful behavior to those components in sub-modules under Home and Orders.  • Involved in building and maintaining backend API's that exposed RESTful data to be consumed by the UI client using Node.js.  • Performed token based authentication to authenticate Node.js API with JSON Web Tokens.  • Experience with Postman for API testing to verify the CRUD operations.  • Implemented Node.js server side code along with Express framework to interact with MongoDB to store and retrieve data by using the Mongoose package.  • Implemented MapReduce operations in MongoDB to condense large volumes of data by using the map and reduce phase.  • Implemented TDD (Test-Driven Development) by focusing on writing code that is necessary to pass the test cases utilizing Karma with Jasmine.  • Worked with version control tool Bitbucket as a code repository. Used Jenkins for Continuous integration purpose, which triggers a build for every change made in source code repository for example Git.  • Used Gulp task runner tool for code minification and compilation.  • Involved in development and initial testing phase of the modules by using JIRA as the SDLC tool.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap3, JavaScript, jQuery, Angular.js, Node.js, JSON, AJAX, Express, MongoDB, TDD, Karma, Jasmine, SVN, Grunt, JIRA UI/ Front end developer TEAM CAPITAL BANK - Bethlehem, PA October 2014 to January 2016 Responsibilities:  • Closely worked with Business System Analyst to understand the requirements to ensure that right set of UI Modules been built.  • Developed all the UI pages using HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, JSON, JavaScript, JQuery, and Ajax.  • Used Angular.JS framework where data from backend is stored in model and populated it to UI. Used Bootstrap for responsiveness and expertise in Grid Control System.  • Used Angular.JS factory and services for dependency injection.  • Proficiently used custom Angular.JS Filter, Directive, and Service to achieve the various functionalities of the website.  • Used $http in Angular.JS for consuming RESTful web-services.  • Used third-party UI Router to establish routing between nested html views.  • Experience on REST web service calls and getting response by sending request in node- platform.  • Worked on Cross-Browser compatibility and fixed the bugs for several browsers.  • Developed and implemented UI controls and API's using Angular.JS.  • Manipulated data using CRUD (create, read, update and delete) operations of Oracle database management system and handled database access and data transmission based on RESTful web service  • Managed and administered multiple instances of GIT, including build server and operating environment.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Bootstrap, jQuery, Ajax, JSON, REST APIs, Brackets, Angular.JS, Node.js, Underscore.js, Grunt, Protractor, Git. UI Developer MEETALL MARKET LLC - Taiyuan, CN July 2012 to September 2014 Responsibilities:  • Used HTML, Java, JavaScript, CSS to redesign page layouts, navigation, presented designs and concepts to the clients and the managements to review.  • Worked directly with business analysts to ascertain requirements and defined projects plan documents.  • Cooperated with team members to conduct user research with strong communication, analytical and interpersonal skills.  • Developed modules to retrieve data using AJAX calls through jQuery method.  • Applied XML into transferring administration data to the back end.  • Used JavaScript and XML to update a portion of a web page thus reducing bandwidth usage and load time and add modal dialog in web pages to get user input and requests. Validated the user input using jQuery validation plugin.  • Implemented a lightweight customizable jQuery plugin for styled appearance.  • Resolved Cross Browser Compatible Issues for different version of IE, Chrome, Firefox and Opera.  • Achieved responsive effect on internal test website using Bootstrap and LESS.  • Involved in developing HTML and JavaScript for client side presentation and data validation on the client side with in the forms.  • Optimized images for web page display, and feature item slides using Adobe Photoshop.    Environment: HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Ajax, JSON, SQL, Bootstrap, Photoshop, XML UI Developer BANK OF COMMUNICATION - Taiyuan, CN August 2010 to May 2012 Responsibilities:  • Responsible for reviewing business user requirements and participated in meeting the customers with Business Analysts.  • Wrote technical design documents and detailed design documents based on the requirement specifications.  • Handled Browser compatibility issues in HTML, CSS, JavaScript and Bootstrap2 for IE, Firefox and Chrome browsers  • Used AJAX and jQuery to update the parts of the trade information.  • Produced client side validation through JavaScript and Ajax for asynchronous communication.  • Created an interface to manage user menu and Bulk update of Attributes using JavaScript and jQuery.  • Created Images, logos and icons that are used across the web pages using Adobe Flash, Dreamweaver, Illustrator and Photoshop.  • Good exposure in meetings with various team members and project manager for future development planning and for reviewing project goals.    Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Bootstrap, AJAX, jQuery, Adobe Photoshop, XML, REST, Firebug, Adobe Flash, Photoshop. Education Bachelor's Skills AJAX (7 years), Bootstrap (6 years), HTML5 (5 years), JavaScript (7 years), jQuery (6 years), Front End, Angular, UI, React, Front-End Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  • Web Technologies: HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap, SASS, LESS, AJAX, JSON, XML, Angular.JS, Grunt, Bower, NPM, Node.js, React.js, Lodash, Underscore.js  • Programming Languages: Java, C++, C#, Matlab, Javascript, SQL, PHP, Python  • IDE/Text Editors: Sublime, Webstorm, Notepad++, Dreamweaver, Eclipse, Visual Studio  • Debugging &Testing Tools: Chrome Inspector, Firebug, Safari Web Inspector, IE tester, Jasmine, Karma  • Version Control System Tools: GIT, Bitbucket  • Database Management System: MySQL, Oracle, MongoDB  • Methodologies: Agile, Waterfall, Test Driven Development  • Others: Experienced user of Linux (Ubuntu), Windows and Mac, Adobe Photoshop