Front End Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End Developer - Visa Austin, TX ? Around 6 years of professional experience in developing and designing User Interface for web applications with deep insight using HTML 4/5, CSS2/3, Bootstrap, JavaScript, AngularJS1.x, Angular 2/4, ReactJS, jQuery, AJAX, JSON, NodeJS.  ? Excellent knowledge in CSS with preprocessors like LESS and SASS.  ? Experience in creating web applications using Angular 1.x/2.0 and ReactJS.  ? Developed web applications like message posting and auto complete form valuations using JSON, AJAX, and DOM scripting.  ? Developed Responsive web design (RWD) using Media Queries and Bootstrap.  ? Expertise in JavaScript coding and developed various Client-side validation libraries using JavaScript.  ? Expert in working with JavaScript frameworks and libraries like AngularJS, ReactJS, NodeJS, jQuery, JSON, AJAX and Restful services.  ? Experience in using various Query controls and corresponding Event handlers etc.  ? Good experience in JavaScript MVC framework like AngularJS.  ? Extensive experience in developing single-page applications using JavaScript frameworks like AngularJS and Bootstrap.  ? Strong experience in using React JS along with Redux and Flux for creating reusable UI components.  ? Experience in NodeJS modules like grunt, bower to integrate with designs and requirements  ? Used Webpack for client-side and server-side development with NodeJS.  ? Created a dashboard using Bootstrap 3.0., UsedD3.js for charting, jQuery and JavaScript for creating view models.  ? Involved in various phases of Software Development Life Cycle i.e. Requirement Analysis, Design, Implementation and Testing.  ? Expertise in Client Side designing and validations using HTML, DHTML and Java Script.  ? Excellent skills in creating and accessing various databases using MongoDB.  ? Pleasant experience working in health care, media, commercial and broadcasting domains.  ? Expert-level knowledge of cross-browser, cross-platform compatibility and design constraints and Google analytics.  ? Good Knowledge in using Jade Template and integrating back- end applications with AJAX driven web 2.0front- end using OO JavaScript framework.  ? Used Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment tools such as Jenkins.  ? knowledge on configuring, deploying and automating instances on cloud environments like AWS.  ? Implemented test driven development using Testing tools like Grunt/Gulp.  ? Used GIT, SVN for Version controlling, error reporting and project management tools JIRA.  ? Worked on Unit test by Test-Driven Development (TDD), writing test cases using Jasmine, QUnit, Karma, Mocha, Chai and Protractor for E2E testing.  ? Experience on working with CSS Backgrounds, CSS Layouts, CSS Positioning, CSS Animations, CSS Text, CSS Borders, CSS Margin, CSS Padding, CSS Table, Pseudo Classes and Pseudo Elements.  ? Strong Experience in dealing with CSS Animations, Backgrounds, Layouts, Positioning, Text, Border, Padding and CSS Box Model.  ? Implemented Ecommerce digital transformation for client teams to innovative solutions.  ? Dedicated team Player with excellent, communication and Interpersonal skills.  ? Experience in complete software SDLC which includes requirement gathering, coding, design, analysis, testing using Agile involved in daily SCRUM meetings and Sprint cycles. Work Experience Front End Developer Visa - Austin, TX February 2018 to Present Responsibility:-  ? Involved in designing and developing the web pages using HTML 5, CSS3, JavaScript, Bootstrap, SASS, LESS, React JS, Redux, Node JS, and Mongo DB.  ? Designed CSS templates for use in all pages on the website working with CSS Background, positioning, text, border, margin, padding, and table.  ? Worked on ReactJS Virtual Dom and React views, rendering using components which contains additional components called custom HTML tags.  ? Involved to implement various screens for the front end using Reactjs and used various predefined components from NPM (Node Package Manager) and Redux library.  ? Worked in using React JS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, Animations, and Redux concept.  ? Used React-Router to turn application into Single Page Application  ? Worked in using React JS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, Animations and Flux concept.  ? Used Web services (SOAP and RESTful) for transmission of large blocks of XML/JSON.  ? Maintained states in the stores and dispatched the actions using Redux.  ? Implemented the Drag and Drop functionality using React-Dnd.  ? Component for UX-Library consisted of Button, Checkbox, Input, Icons, Toggle Button, Dropdown, Multi-Level Dropdown and many more.  ? In Phase Two, worked closely with the Back- End team to display data using the Custom Components, library Components, and Redux.  ? Used Middleware, NodeJS in application to retrieve data from Back- End and to also perform RESTFUL services.  ? Added Dynamic Functionality by creating and dispatching Action Creators that deployed Actions.  ? Created and used Reducers that received said Actions to modify the Store State Tree.  ? Worked with backend engineers to optimize existing API calls to create efficiencies by deprecating unneeded API calls.  ? Called the Restful web services calls for POST, PUT, DELETE and GET methods.  ? Used React flux to polish the data and for single directional flow.  ? Used Object Oriented Programming concepts to develop UI components that could be reused across the Web Application.  ? Extensively used Git for version controlling and regularly pushed the code to GitHub and was responsible to resolve the code conflicts.  ? Used Web pack, Babel, grunt and gulp for transpiration (compilation) configuration for Typescript to be converted to JavaScript.  ? For Responsive Web design used Bootstrap to build grids, layouts and components. Used Bootstrap components like dropdown menus, navigation bar, alerts, and labels.  ? Used GIT bash commands to clone the project from bit bucket.  ? Worked with several open-source libraries based on ReactJS for efficient and expedited project delivery. Front End Developer OCI Chemical Corporation - Dallas, TX September 2014 to June 2017 Responsibility:  ? As a Senior Programmer involved in design phase and assisting the team to develop admin UI services like manage users, roles, messages, etc., using Spring MVC and Acegi security.  ? Implemented Persistence layer using Hibernate to interact with the Oracle database, Used Hibernate Framework for object relational mapping and persistence.  ? Developed a multi-user web application using JSP, JSTL, Action Forms, Action Classes, JavaScript and JDBC to provide the needed functionality.  ? Software is built as a web app on Node.js with Backbone.js. CSS is compiled with LESS and HTML template engine is Jade.  ? Developed web pages using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Angular.js, jQuery, AJAX and JSON.  ? Experience with various MVC Java frameworks like Angular.JS, Node.JS, bootstrap.JS, etc.  ? Responsible for React UI and architecture. Building components library, including Tree, Slide-View, and Table Grid.  ? Extensively used JSP, HTML, CSS, Java script for developing new pages.  ? Was involved in UI development, and Developed presentation layer using JSP, HTML5, DHTML, CSS, AJAX, JavaScript, JSTL Taglibs.  ? Developed UI screens using YUI, CSS and jQuery.  ? Design and development of many PL/SQL batches using JAVA with connectivity to Oracle for data maintenance and handling.  ? Developed JSPs, Struts Actions and Action Forms, Tiles layouts and DB2 SQLs.  ? Used JPA with Entity Beans for interacting with Persistence Layer for CRUD operations.  ? Technology leadership for the direction of the Cloud based application using Node.JS, PDFJS, Sencha, MongoDB and MS SQL Server integrating to a proprietary framework.  ? Developed Ruby on Rails 3 web applications using MongoDB and back-ground processes using Risqué and Redis • Implemented Web Services using SOAP Technology.  ? Used Web Services (SOAP) for transmission of large blocks of XML data between two interfaces.  ? Developed application code using Eclipse-Galaxo IDE and configured with Maven and JBoss • Extensively used IBM WebSphere Portal APIs for authentication and personalization features.  ? Development work is also done to the legacy system using WSAD IDE. The modified application is deployed on WebSphere using ANT and java scripts for use by interface project.  ? Developing a new Content Management System backed by subversion using java EE technologies.  ? Built Web pages that are more user-interactive using Angular.JS, Jasmine, Karma, HTML5, CSS3, LESS, RESTFUL API Services, JavaScript, Bootstrap, GIT, and JSON.  ? Written JUNIT test cases for testing UI Framework classes and wrote many Java Scripts to do client-side validations.  ? Built Web pages that are more user-interactive using Angular.JS, Jasmine, Karma, HTML5, CSS3, LESS, RESTFUL API Services, JavaScript, Bootstrap, GIT, and JSON.  ? Mentoring of junior members for Agile (Scrum) process & Junit testing • Mentored a team of 5 junior to mid-level developers in Java/J2EE Development using UML design documents.  ? Involved in writing Spring Configuration XML, file that contains declarations and business classes are wired-up to the frontend managed beans using Spring IOC pattern.  ? Responsible for implementing the code, Fixing QA defect raised on Quality Center/JIRA. Front End Developer Citi Bank - New York, NY February 2013 to August 2014 Responsibility:  ? Expertise in designing web applications using HTML5, XML, XHTML, DOM, CSS, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Node JS, AJAX, Angular 6, React JS, Bootstrap, jQuery.  ? Proficient with client-side web technologies HTML, HTML5, CSS, CSS3, AJAX, JavaScript, JSON, jQuery and Bootstrap.  ? Experience in Angular structural framework for Dynamic web application.  ? Exceptional understanding in JavaScript frameworks like jQuery  ? Implemented Single Page Application (SPA) architecture and client side MVC using Angular JS.  ? Used Node JS to develop I/O intensive web applications like video streaming sites, single page applications and other web applications.  ? Exceptional understanding in JavaScript frameworks like jQuery.  ? Expertise in object-oriented JavaScript and framework such as AngularJS  ? Developed the custom components using Angular 6.  ? Excellent working knowledge and through exposure on compatibility issues with different versions of browsers like Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Safari and Google Chrome.  ? Working with Bootstrap twitter framework to Design single page application.  ? Experience in Angular 6, node.JS, Twitter Bootstrap framework for developing UI.  ? Expertise in developing Web-enabled application using Bootstrap.  ? Good knowledge of Angular 6 frameworks and libraries such as jQuery and JavaScript, Bootstrap, Responsive design and is aware of cross-browser compatibility.  ? Professional understanding of System development life cycle (SDLC) as well as various phases such as Analysis/Design, Development and Testing.  ? Extensively used jQuery in implementing various GUI components in application portal.  ? Used jQuery to make the HTML, DHTML and CSS code interact with the JavaScript functions to add dynamism to the web pages at the client side.  ? Tested React components and application using Jasmine and Karma.  ? Used Angular 6 as framework to create a Single Page Application (SPA) which can bind data to specific views and synchronize data with server.  ? Used Agile methodology for the software development.  ? Actively Participated in Team Meetings, frequently communicated with Business Analysts to clarify the business requirements.  ? Operating Systems: Window, UNIX, Linux Education Master's Skills Front End, Front-End, Angular, Angularjs, Javascript, React, UI, User Interface, HTML 5 (5 years), Javascript (5 years), Java (5 years), CSS3 (3 years), CSS3 (5 years), C++ (5 years), Python (4 years), JQuery (4 years), SQL (6 years), Javascript (5 years), SDLC (4 years), SAS (3 years), Git (4 years), Gap Analysis (5 years), Bootstrap, HTML5, Node