Instructor Instructor Front End Engineer Seattle, WA I am a Front End Engineer that is also fascinated with back end technologies. My current technology stack is React, Redux, GraphQL, and Styled Components/JSS. I absolutely love taking every new day as an opportunity to learn and grow as an engineer. Work Experience Instructor UC Berkeley Extension - San Francisco, CA March 2018 to Present Develop and teach an introductory course in HTML5/CSS3 with JavaScript (jQuery). Touching base on topics such as Networking, Accessibility, Git/GitHub version control systems among other topics. Course goes through full workflow in creating a minimum 6 page website with wireframing, designing mockups, prototyping in InVision, coding, and deployment with personal hosting and domain.  Front End Engineer Postman - San Francisco, CA November 2018 to July 2019 Supported multiple web properties for the Marketing Technology Department in  collaboration with Product, Corporate Marketing, Design, Human Resources and Sales  Teams. With support to web properties those include the getpostman.com website,  Wordpress blog blog.getpostman.com, and learning.getpostman.com the  documentation site for the Postman application.    - Led the research and development of new technologies as well as creating proof of  concept applications for our documentation site (Gatsby + React), Component Library  (React, Styled Components, Storybook, NPM), and website rebuild (React, Redux,  Styled Components). Authored Review for Comments (RFCs) for new technology  proposals and blog articles documenting development of new technologies.    - Led proposal initiatives on topics such as workflow management and Agile Sprint  events. Initiatives include Continuous Deployment by transitioning from traditional  GitFlow to “OneFlow” workflow. Scheduling and leading sprint retrospectives, code  reviews, sprint planning, and backlog grooming.     - Used Postman application to develop Mock Server with full suite of Unit Tests and Monitoring for Marketing team to dynamically update sections of the getpostman site. As well as extensive step by step documentation for individuals without technical backgrounds to use technology to dynamically update site sections.    - Implemented End to End testing suite with Cypress on top of Continuous Deployment pipelines in Bitbucket for getpostman.com Software Engineer Airbnb - San Francisco, CA February 2017 to November 2018 Initially contracted to develop an application for on/off boarding call center agents during peak seasons. Contract was extended to build an internal company wide permission application with React, Apollo, and GraphQL. Contract was extended again to maintain the Airbnb Career pages, and internal Employee Calibration Tool.    - Create User Interfaces using Airbnb’s design language with Sketch  - Build prototype of applications in InVision for UX and Business Requirement fulfillment  - Develop application using React + Redux and Webpack using latest ES2015 and JSX support  - Provide high level support in building the API and RESTful API architecture. Support in deployment environments including Vagrant and AWS environments. Front End Web Developer ASUS COMPUTER INTERNATIONAL - Fremont, CA February 2016 to February 2017 Create sites of online campaigns, maintain in house applications, and develop WordPress sites for news blogging and an internal e-commerce portal.    - Develop/maintain sites using HTML5, CSS3(Sass), JavaScript, Bootstrap, Grunt/Gulp, WordPress, AngularJS, Bower, NPM, and Git. Support existing ASP.net, PHP, and MySQL/MS SQL applications.  - Manage development projects and scheduling  - Work with different marketing sub departments and design team on site development, design direction, and user experience input.  - Create Quarterly Business Reviews containing site analytics, visual representation models, and site feedback to enhance user experience and better understand user audience. Front End Web Developer Incentive Networks - San Carlos, CA August 2013 to February 2016 Develop responsive web sites within proprietary Content Management System for online loyalty programs.     -Create custom JavaScript, jQuery widgets, and script library.  -Develop sites using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, and mobile frameworks.  -Test for cross browser and iOS/Android mobile device compatibility .  -Provide mobile and responsive development consulting to marketing team and fellow development team.  -Develop flexible dynamic parent templates that can be restyled according to   client needs as child templates. Education Bachelor's in Web Design & Interactive Media The Art Institute of California - SF - San Francisco, CA October 2011 to December 2013 Associate in Visual Communications ITT Technical Institute - Dayton, OH August 2008 to March 2010 Skills Javascript (4 years), Front End, UI (6 years), Front-End, React (2 years), Redux (2 years), GraphQL (1 year), CSS (8 years), HTML (8 years), Wordpress (2 years), CSS3, Node (1 year), Bootstrap, HTML5, Jquery (5 years), User Interface, Angularjs Links https://github.com/wsfuller https://williamsfuller.com https://www.linkedin.com/in/william-s-fuller-56249751/ Certifications/Licenses Responsive Web Design Certification June 2018 to Present Completed 300 hours of coursework related to Responsive Web Design. Technologies include HTML5, CSS3, Web Accessibility, and several responsive web design projects