Staff Engineer Staff Engineer Staff Engineer - Western Digital About 8 years of experience developing web applications and working on every stage of application development right from collecting requirements, providing guidelines for design, creating application architecture, implementation that includes various stages in development, QA, code signing and releasing to Market.    • Experience developing web applications with SPA (Single Page Application) frameworks like AngularJS.  • Strong experience in working on a modern full stack, JavaScript environment like MEAN stack  • Extensively used UI-Router for binding data to different states and rendering different templates  • Extensive experience in developing applications in a single page (SPAs) using various JavaScript frameworks like AngularJS, React.js, Node.js, and Bootstrap.  • Experienced in developing micro services using NodeJS, ExpressJs, Docker and AWS.  • Used AngularJS concepts like Modules, Controllers, Directives, Filters, Factories/Services etc.  • Experience in using IDE's like WebStorm, Intellij Idea, VScode, PyCharm  • Experienced in Agile Development process for diverse requirements. Used tools like JIRA, Confluence.  • Experienced building components with ReactJS.  • Experienced with web services (RESTful and SOAP).  • Experienced with Git and other source control management.  • Experienced with SQL/NOSQL databases.  • Extensively worked on memory leaks, push notifications, content providers, multiple screen support, data offline usage, accounts and sync on Android.  • Expertise in Object Oriented Architecture, Design and Programming from design to implementation.  • Experience in architecture design, development and implementation of software applications and testing.  • Experienced in web service protocols such as JSON, HTTP and XML.  • Ability to coordinate with various team members involved in the project. Work Experience Staff Engineer Western Digital - San Jose, CA May 2016 to Present • Integral part in the design and development of the system management application for the storage racks that helps the end user to monitor dashboards and its data trends.  • I developed GUI for Customer Bring Up Wizard (CBW) which enhanced user experience and was well appreciated by customers.  • Controlled GUI elements based on roles and their permissions by following Role-based access control (RBAC) mechanism.  • Worked on full-stack development, with a focus on AngularJs on the front- end and NodeJS on the back- end.  • Worked on Node.js Middleware framework like Express.js, essentially developed microservices and serve them through middleware.  • Implemented token-based authentication with JWT.  • Created ExpressJs Server to build MVC framework from front- end AngularJS to back- end MongoDB, in order to provide broadcast service.  • Used NodeJS for server-side and ExpressJs as the framework. Written callback functions for the RESTful API and for creating Services.  • Involved in consuming RESTful Services using NodeJS and ExpressJs Framework and responsible for managing the interchange of data between the server and the users.  • Worked extensively with cloud services such as Amazon Web Services (AWS). Used JavaScript AWS-SDK to configure AWS S3, develop API's for bucket properties such as OLM, Versioning, Replication, also for bucket operations like create and delete of buckets and also managing policies for S3 buckets.  • Involved in developing Single Page web applications in microservice architecture using MEAN (Mongo, Express, Angular, Node) stack and NPM modules.  • Developed application using AngularJs and NodeJS connecting to Mongo database on the backend.  • Also, worked with the web application development team to ensure proper integration between backend and web application.  • Took part in automation by designing, developing of test cases for a particular feature using Java and Selenium WebDriver. Also took part in developing automation using BDD development process.  • Created automation scripts in python that validates the security of the APIs by checking authentication and authorization and also if the API response contains any secure data.  • Developed several REST APIs handling JSON requests.  • Used real-time search and analytics engine Elasticsearch as a metrics data store and use its aggregations to answer queries, such as reporting and plotting graphs in dashboard for horizontal scalability and high performance.  • Fixed issues faced during installation of single geo and multi geo systems at the customer site.  • Deployed and worked with virtual machines for local development and testing without the need to use physical racks.  • Worked with Continuous Integration/Deployment tools such as Jenkins to run integration jobs.  • Worked with version control tools such as GIT.  • Extensively worked in fast paced Agile development process and used tools such as JIRA and confluence.    Environment: NodeJS, AngularJs, ExpressJs, Mongo dB, Elasticsearch, AWS S3, Python, Shell, REST, Jenkins, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, Selenium, BDD, GIT, JIRA Software Developer Sprint - Livonia, MI January 2015 to May 2016 • Actively involved in all stages of Software development life cycle including Analysis, Implementation, testing and support.  • Used AngularJS as framework to create a Single Page Application (SPA) which can bind data to specific views and synchronize data with server.  • Extensively worked with node-rest-client module which Allows connecting to any API REST and get results as Object.  • Implemented the service using NodeJS for performance, development, maintenance and deployment reasons.  • Implemented different validation control on the web-pages using AngularJS.  • Extensively involved in design discussions and user experience sessions to provide inputs on the layout and UX.  • Implement data grid/tables using Bootstrap and AngularJS for front- end client facing the Single Page Application (SPA).  • Extensively used CSS and Bootstrap for styling the HTML elements.  • Handled client-side validation using JavaScript.  • Involved in several bug fixes for existing application and also made several enhancement requests.  • Responsible for consuming the REST services, and parsing JSON response and serve to the front- end.  • Coordinated with teams to ensure quality of service.  • Provided subsequent releases which included feature changes, enhancements and bug fixes.  • Worked in Agile Development process.  • Used JIRA for bug tracking.    Environment: JavaScript, AngularJs, NodeJS, TML, CSS, Bootstrap, REST, JIRA, Agile Front End Developer TIAA-CREF - Charlotte, NC February 2013 to December 2014 Responsibilities:  ? Documented the requirements and there by analyzed and involved in design, code.  ? Also worked with the web application development team to ensure proper integration between mobile application and web application.  ? Creating websites and small apps using MEAN Stack.  ? Implemented File Manipulation, Custom Servers using NodeJS.  ? Developed client application API using NodeJS and NPM modules.  ? Developed application using AngularJs and NodeJS connecting to Mongo on the backend.  ? Used Node.JS to interact with MongoDB for Database Persistence.  ? Created Responsive Designs (Mobile/Tablet/Desktop) using HTML5 & CSS3, Bootstrap.  ? Testing and handling cross browser compatibility issues across various browsers and platforms.  ? Enhance and build reusable components across different modules using Custom directives and CSS classes.  ? Worked with SPA framework AngularJS and Twitter Bootstrap CSS to create dynamic and Responsive UI.  ? Used AngularJS Directives like ng-app, ng-model, ng-repeat, ng-show, ng-hide, ng-controller,ng-route etc.  ? Used AngularJS Factories and Services to make Ajax calls or Restful Calls to get data in JSON Format.  ? Handling XML data using efficient parsing techniques such as JSON Parser, XML Pull Parser and DOM parser.  ? Involved in development and enhancements of features to restrict the usage based on Authorization and Authentication tokens.  Environment: AngularJs, NodeJs, JavaScript, BackboneJS, JQuery, Android API's, Bootstrap 2.3, RESTFUL Web service, MongoDB, XML, JSON, HTML, CSS, GIT (version control), Grunt, LESS. Front End Developer Caterpillar - Peoria, IL January 2011 to February 2013 Responsibilities:  ? Built the responsive UI screens using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery and Bootstrap framework.  ? Utilized AngularJS framework to bind HTML template (views) to JavaScript object(models)  ? Built AngularJS framework including MVC architectures, different modules, specific controllers, templates, custom directives and custom filters Applied multiple built-in Directives such as ng-model, ng-click into AngularJS application.  ? Used AngularJs library on a Single Page Application (SPA) which can bind data to specific views and synchronize data with server i.e. Data binding.  ? Embedded new Media Elements i.e., video and audio files using the HTML 5 mark-ups and used HTML5 file API for uploading local files from the client-side.  ? Developed source code to consume JSON response received through XHR/AJAX calls using JQuery. Ajax calls.  ? Used Bootstrap JavaScript plug-ins to implement Tabs, Tooltips, Pop Overs, Buttons and Alerts.  ? Used W3C Validator for testing and worked on Unit testing with Karma and Jasmine.  ? Used JQuery to make RESTful calls and Designed/documented REST APIs for collection and retrieval of high data.  ? Implemented latest CSS3 features like creating various effects, shading, 2D 3D animation, Shapes and Handling multimedia.  ? Developed Tabbed pages using AJAX with JQuery and JSON for quick view of related content, providing both functionality and ease of access to the user.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, AngularJS, Bootstrap, WebStorm, Oracle, MySQL, Karma, Jasmine, GIT Skills Git, JAVASCRIPT, REACTJS, WEBPACK, JSON, PYTHON, XML, ANGULARJS, MVC, REST WEB SERVICES, REST, AJAX, WEB SERVICES, ELASTICSEARCH, MONGODB, JUNIT, VERSION CONTROL, SQL, JAVA, jQuery