Software Developer Software <span class="hl">Developer</span> Las Vegas, NV Software developer with a comedic spirit, endless thirst to learn, and ability to work efficiently in a team setting or independently. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Software Developer Allegiant Airlines - Las Vegas, NV April 2019 to Present • Designing and developing rich user interfaces for mission-critical applications using JavaScript, PHP and other front- end technologies.  • Participate in user experience design, architecture initiatives, and code reviews with a major focus on ease of use, reusability, performance, and developmental efficiency.  • Work as a member of a team, helping the team respond quickly and effectively to business/project needs.  • Participating in daily SCRUM and sprint planning/review meetings.  • Writing comprehensive unit, regression and end-to- end testing.    Tech stack: React, AngularJS, Java, PHP, Javascript, MySQL, Axios Front- End Developer PCIHIPAA - Las Vegas, NV November 2017 to August 2018 • Contribute to a team dedicated to developing a complete front- end application aimed towards the medical industry.  • Participating in all steps of development process, from design to release and support.  • Weekly stand-up participation.  • Operating under strict TDD (test driven development) principles.   • Monitor support requests made by clients to identify any recurring issues and recommend changes to products or processes.    Tech stack: HTML5, CSS, LESS, Bootstrap, React, Express, Axios, Node.js, SQL, ASP.Net  Web Developer The BrandX Group - Los Angeles, CA April 2010 to June 2016 • Participating in the complete product development life-cycle of successfully launched applications  • Work and contribute to an Agile/Scrum environment to deliver high quality software.   • Investigating design approaches, prototyping new technology and evaluating technical feasibility.     Tech stack: HTML, CSS, GraphQL, React, Angular, MongoDB Education Education Lambda School Academy of Computer Science July 2018 to August 2019 Skills Javascript (8 years), C# (2 years), Python (Less than 1 year), SQL (3 years), Web Development (10+ years), MYSQL, PHP, Android, CSS, Git, ASP, Jquery, HTML 5 Links https://reactcustomerdatabase.herokuapp.com/ https://shoppingcartcheckout.herokuapp.com/ https://github.com/marcusbass323/ComicBookReader https://oauthcube.herokuapp.com/ Additional Information All Things Possible Organization  Volunteer - Full Stack Developer  March 2017 - Current    Tech stack: Node.js, JavaScript, HTML5, CSS, LESS. Express, Jest, Morgan, Helmet, React