ReactJS Developer ReactJS <span class="hl">Developer</span> ReactJS Developer - IEHP Rancho Cucamonga, CA • Around 7 years of experience in Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) in developing and designing user experiences of Internet/Intranet applications using HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, XTHML, XML, JAVASCRIPT, TYPESCRIPT, jQuery, JSON, AJAX, Electrode, Angular JS, Angular2/4/5 and React JS.  • Experienced in UI development process such as Analysis, Development and Testing, and associated methodologies  • Responsible for checking cross browser compatibility and hence worked on different browsers like Mozilla Firefox, Google chrome, Safari and Internet Explorer.  • Used AngularJS MVC Architecture to split the UI logic into Views, Models and Controllers.  • Developed front- end components using Angular, TypeScript, Angular Material and ngx-bootstrap.  • Working knowledge using component-based architecture provided by Angular 2/4/5 with Typescript rendering the components using the additional components called custom HTML tags.  • Involved in writing application level code to interact with APIs, RESTful Web Services using AJAX, JSON.  • Extensively used Angular2/4/5 features such as Directives, Filters, Two-way Data Binding, Services, Templates, Routing, MVVM and Dependency Injection to build Single-Page-Applications in a clean and maintainable way.  • Experience building reusable components using React JS, React Router, Redux and custom stores, and in-house HOC for handling complex data flow and user input validation.  • Experience on using Electrode platform used to build universal applications using React/NodeJS applications.  • Developed a few UI modules for the mobile version of the website using React JS.  • Developed a front- end web application for Global Network Operations using React JS, Redux, ES6/Babel and Web-pack.  • Developed the service layer Restful Web services using for various service tasks including email application, attachment service, and transfer of data across different applications.  • Implementation of components and wire-frames using cross-browser compatible JavaScript, jQuery and AJAX.  • Experienced in version control tools GIT and SVN Apache Tortoise Subversion.  • Knowledge in using npm, Bower, Gulp and Grunt for package management and installation  • Strong experience in SEO (Search Engine Optimization) and Progressive Enhancement.  • Skilled in conceptual development of Web-based Projects, including Project Strategy, Functionality, Information Architecture, Navigation Systems. Work Experience ReactJS Developer IEHP - Rancho Cucamonga, CA March 2018 to Present Responsibilities:  • Design, develop and test HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, JavaScript, jQuery and React.JS that meets accessibility and web browser standards for website.  • Designed CSS templates for use in all pages on the website working with CSS Background, positioning, text, border, margin, padding, and table.  • Applied optimization techniques to reduce page size and load times to enhance user experience using sprites.  • Developed user interface by using the React JS, Flux for SPA development.  • Implemented react JS code to handle cross browser compatibility issues in Mozilla, IE 7, 8, 9, Safari and FF.  • Used React-Router to turn application into Single Page Application  • Worked in using React JS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, Animations and Flux concept.  • Used Web services (SOAP and RESTful) for transmission of large blocks of XML/JSON.  • Worked on responsive design and developed a single ISOMORPHIC responsive website that could be served to desktop, Tablets and mobile users using React.js.  • Maintained states in the stores and dispatched the actions using redux.  • Implemented the Drag and Drop functionality using React-Draggable  • Used React-Autocomplete for creating google maps location search on the webpage Added Excel-Builder to download the Tabular data in Excel format using react.  • Used Excel Builder 3rd Party open source library and tweak it to make sure it will work with IE11.  • Used flickity.js for creating carousel-images.  • Component for UX-Library consisted of Button, Checkbox, Input, Icons, Toggle Button, Dropdown, Multi-Level Dropdown and many more.  • In Phase Two, worked closely with the Back- End team to display data using the Custom Components, library Components, and Redux.  • Used Middleware, Redux-Promise in application to retrieve data from Back- End and to also perform RESTFUL services.  • Added Dynamic Functionality by creating and dispatching Action Creators that deployed Actions.  • Created and used Reducers that received said Actions to modify the Store State Tree.  • Optimized animation logic with optimistic functions to increase performance in rendering.  • Worked with backend engineers to optimize existing API calls to create efficiencies by deprecating unneeded API calls.  • Called the Restful web services calls for POST, PUT, DELETE and GET methods.  • Have worked on AWS for fetch the pictures files from AWS to UI.  • Used React flux to polish the data and for single directional flow.  • Used Object Oriented Programming concepts to develop UI components that could be reused across the Web Application.  • Extensively used Git for version controlling and regularly pushed the code to GitHub.  • Used JIRA as the bug tracking system to track and maintain the history of bugs/issues on everyday basis.  • Worked with JASMINE unit test framework to write unit tests for JavaScript code.  • Extensively used debugging tools such as Firebug and IE Dev tools to investigate the issues and fix the bugs.  • Monitoring the offshore work and providing technical help to the offshore team for their JIRA tickets.  • Interacted with Testing Team, Scrum Masters and Business Analysts for fixing of Issues.  • Performed the System Testing, Regression Testing for Complete UI after fixing the Issues which are reported by Testing Team.    Environment: HTML 5, CSS3, Sass, Less, JavaScript, Bootstrap, Ajax, React JS, Redux, Flex, My SQL, XML, XSL, XSLT, JSON, Git hub, Restful API, AWS, JIRA, VS Code, Jasmine and Web Strom. Angular Developer Bank of America - Charlotte, NC January 2017 to March 2018 Responsibilities:  • As Angular Developer for the project, designed entire solution from scratch and initiated various modules and framework and implemented MVC 5.0 using Angular 2.  • Built an enterprise level single page application (SPA) using MEAN stack: Mongo DB, Express, Angular 2 and Node.js v4.  • Used Express Framework to set up middleware to respond to the HTTP requests with the help of Node JS.  • Performed complete application life cycle functions (SDLC) using Agile Methodology from conception to final release to users including design & analysis, Implementation, Testing, Deployment and Maintenance.  • Assisted my team with migration of existing applications built in Angular 1.6 to Angular 2 and to Angular 4 and to Angular 6.  • Developed multiple directives and services in Angular to provide a base structure for future developments and created components using Angular CLI.  • Gathered the requirements form client and built an application using Angular 2 routes.  • Created Angular 6 custom pipes to format the data before displaying it to the user.  • Used Node.js MongoDB and node package manager for installing dependencies and to run the application in a web server in staging environment.  • Managed and coordinated a team of 6 developers in development, peer testing and deployment of the application.  • Automated docker image deployment to a dev/fqt and production environment using Jenkins and ansible. (Baseline images: Jdk8, tomcat and CARAT).  • Selected the Test Cases to be automated and performed functional testing of the front end using Selenium (IDE and Web Driver) & created Data Driven framework using TestNG.  • Performed Regression testing to check compatibility of new functionality with the existing functionalities of the application using Selenium.  • Assisted Back- End team with creating RESTFUL Web Services using Node.js & Express.js  • Written server-side scripts using Node.js and Express framework.  • Used Node.js for database operation for logging, node event emitter for all engines.  • Designed and developed Presentation layer using Angular 4 and Angular material.  • Arranged code reviews, improvisation and involved off shore team in reviews.  • Developed dynamic web pages, mock-up and prototypes using HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript.  • Performed PCI audits on front- end pull requests and add bug fixes to features on a large-scale, multi-repository billing interface project using AngularJS, LESS, HTML, Git, and Gulp/Grunt.  • Coded extensively using JavaScript, MVC Framework, AngularJS to make rich internet web application for a Single page app.  • Experience in cross browser compatibility check and thoroughly performed unit testing and integration testing.  • Worked extensively web-based applications using Microsoft ASP.NET and SQL Server design, construction, unit testing, reviews and deployment of large scale applications.  • Worked extensively on .Net/Java/Maven for web restful Application Components.  • Expertise in Restful Web services and Big Web service development.  • Worked with Web API to provide services to HTTP requests and created Rest Services using ASP.Net Web API.  • Expertise in developing Graphical User Interface GUI using ASP.NET, Webforms application development.  • Used ASP.NET validations as well as developed custom validations using JavaScript in this application for validations.  • Implemented the front- end screen using ASP.Net controls, HTML & CSS for improved look and feel of the screens.  • Responsible for creating the screens with table-less designs meeting W3C standards.  • Developed CSS styles to maintain the uniformity of all the screens throughout the application and positioning of screen objects.  • Design and developed various view and partial view using Object Oriented JavaScript, Bootstrap, JSON, jQuery, Ajax Helpers, AngularJS and Node.js.  • Implemented client-side validations in registration forms, login and logout forms using Java Script.  • Implemented data-binding and MVC using AngularJS for front- end development of a current web application.  • Used AngularJS factory and services for dependency injection.  • Developed applications using AngularJS Router single page applications SPAs to improve page performance.  • Used $http in angularJS for consuming RESTful webservices.  • Extensively used jQuery, JSON, AJAX and DOM scripting to create interactive web applications like message posting and autocomplete form validations.  • Handled all aspects of the web applications including maintaining, testing, debugging and deploying.  • Creating Cross-browser compatible and standards-compliant CSS-based page layouts.  • Worked on JavaScript frameworks (Angular JS, Node JS) to augment browser-based applications with MVC capability.  • AngularJS created custom directives for data manipulations and to display data in company standard format in UI.  • Used $http Provider with Angular.JS interceptors to make sure the requests are authenticated.  • Applied industry best practices and standards when project requirements are lagging.  • Performing the different modules like login, search and download with tracking.  • Did extensive JavaScript and jQuery programming to give AJAX functionality for the website  • Interacted with RESTful Web services using Angular 2 Http Module.  • Optimized the performance of the application using Bundling and Angular 2.  • Worked in Agile Model and participated in daily sprints and retrospective meeting.  • Interacted with service developers to consume the RESTful API's.  • Transformed the Angular 2 response using Angular 2 observables.  • Developed cross-browser/platform with Ext JS 5.x/6.x, jQuery, AJAX and DHTML/CSS to desired design specs for single page layout using code standards.  • Worked on Ext JS and created reusable components like Menu Navigation, Session monitor which was very useful in the application.  • Experience in building or supporting web applications with Sencha 4 Ext JS and above, JavaScript, HTML and AJAX.  • Implemented custom Directives and structural Directives using Angular 2 and developed code on TypeScript and ES6 to implement Angular 2 Components.  • Bundled and minified the JavaScript files using Gulp.  • Worked with HTML 5, CSS 3, Bootstrap and Angular 5 to create a responsive application.  • Used Directives for Angular cross component interaction.  • Designed the UI templates to reflect the product in perspective with the font size, font color, navigation bar color, navigation style, color theme    Environment: HTML/HTML 5, CSS/CSS 3, SASS, Bootstrap3, Typescript, Angular 2/4/5, jQuery, AJAX, JSON, Responsive Web Design, Gulp, Bower, NPM, JAWS16, Jasmine, Karma, SAAS. Front- end Developer JPMorgan Chase - Houston, TX April 2016 to December 2016 Responsibilities:  • Achieved better user experience by developing single page applications using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript and AngularJS with MVC architecture.  • Worked on the waterfall methodology with weakly releases.  • Used JS library jQuery and AJAX to make HTTP calls.  • AngularJS filters were used to sort the data which is coming from remote servers and created custom filters to transform the data and display it on the UI screens.  • Used Git versioning controlling systems.  • Worked on RESTFUL webservices to integrate front end with backend.  • Involved in the application testing using Karma and Jasmine.  • Implemented AngularJS modules, directives, controllers, filters, services, validation.  • Implemented client-side validation for different modules using AngularJS and HTML5.  • Fixed cross browser compatibility issues to make sure all functionalities of the code are working as expected in all browsers.  • Made AJAX calls for triggering or fetching data from API's provided by backend team.  • Used Angular JS Http services to communicate with the RESTFUL webservice and JSON data.  • To exchange information between the servers and browsers JSON data was used.  • Worked on AngularJS routes using $scope to create a view using controllers.  • Created custom directives, custom filters, services and controllers using AngularJS.  • Created React/Redux based components for display and input of economic data.  • Built highly reusable UI components with React and Styled Components to increase scalability and reusability.  • Extracted reusable logic from components as Higher-Order Components such as infinity scroll to achieve more flexibility.  • Use React JS to create more responsive webpages, which can be compatible with all the browsers and compatible with the different devices.  • Experienced in developing web applications using latest JavaScript ES6 features and framework/Libs such as React and Redux.  • Wrote unit tests with Karma, Jasmine and Enzyme.  • We used jasmine and karma frame works for writing test cases and used to take care of unit test coverage for the functionalities developed.  • Following agile methodology with daily standups and regular sprints and used JIRA for tracking tasks and bugs.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, TypeScript, Agile, Ajax, JSON, jQuery, Angularjs, Web-pack, Jasmine, NodeJS, React, Redux Jr. Developer IGEFI Software India Pvt. Ltd January 2014 to July 2015 Responsibilities:  • Developed the application using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery and backbone.js  • Used JSP's for loading the web page and JSON structure for the content coming from the backend.  • Made AJAX calls using backbone.js for getting the data and parsing it for showing on the web page.  • Used various jQuery and Bootstrap plugins like date picker, bootstrap select etc.  • Made the application responsive for iOS and Android platforms using media queries and flexible grid layouts.  • Used jQuery for creating various widgets, data manipulation, data traversing, form validations, create the content on the fly depend on the user request, implementing Ajax features for the application.  • Wrote unit test cases for JavaScript code.  • Used Firebug, Firebug Lite, IE Developer Toolbar, for debugging and browser compatibility.  • Used SVN for revision control and code management.  • Troubleshot and resolved bugs in ASP.NET C# web applications to ensure optimal development environment.  • Used .NET LINQ for querying various sets of data  • Troubleshot and resolved bugs related to web applications integrating with MS SQL Server  Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, backbone.js, JSON, AJAX, Android, iOS and .net UI Front End Developer Infinx July 2012 to December 2013 Responsibilities:  • Developed web UI involving HTML, CSS, HTML, AJAX and JavaScript.  • Developed different modules using Struts Framework.  • Developed Presentation tier as HTML, Java Server Pages using Struts MVC Framework implementing Struts validator, Tiles and Struts Internationalization  • Involved in Java application testing and maintenance in development phase and production phase.  • Involved in developing JSP for client data presentation and, data validation on the client side with in the forms.  • Contact with different customer for their requirements and Modified code as the customer needs.  • Participated in web server development  • Participated in portal development  • Successfully executed all the web test cases and fixed any bugs/issues identified during the test cycles.  • Responsible for source code and version control (Clear Case), Involved in integration and deployment.    Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, AJAX JSON, XML, Bootstrap. Education Master's New England College December 2016 Skills Ajax (6 years), HTML (5 years), JavaScript (6 years), jQuery (4 years), JSON. (6 years) Additional Information Technical Skills:    Web Technologies: XHTML, HTML 5, CSS3, JavaScript, AJAX, jQuery, XML, JSON.  Frameworks/Libs: Angular, Node.js, loopback, jQuery, React JS  Application Server: Apache Tomcat 5.5/6.0, WebLogic Application Server, Web Sphere.  Version Control: Tortoise SVN, Git  Database MySQL, MongoDB, PostgreSQL  Package Manage: NPM, Bower, Grunt    Operating Systems: MS windows, OS X, Linux