UI Developer UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> UI Developer - DTCC Dallas, TX * Over 5+ years of experience as Front- End Developer specializing in designing the web pages in a responsive and efficient manner by making use of HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap3, JavaScript, Angular JS 2/6, AJAX, LESS, Node JS.  * Presenting in all phases of SDLC like Requirement Analysis, Design, Development, Implementation, Testing and Agile (Scrum) Methodologies.  * Present as a team player, quick learner, self-starter with effective communication, motivation and giving 100% with positive thinking in exploring new technologies. Work Experience UI Developer DTCC - Dallas, TX September 2018 to Present • Used React JS for templating for faster compilation and developing reusable components.  • Involved in development, design and implementation of front- end part of the application.  • Developed the UI Screens using HTML5, DHTML, XML, Java Scripts, Ajax, JQuery Custom-tags, JSTL DOM Layout and CSS3.  • Leverages knowledge of W3C standards, classical Model View Layer (MVC) architecture and cross-browser development techniques.  • Created sites to organize client contracts and to summarize monthly financial data using Ember.js and MySQL.  • Utilized Node JS to create a fast and efficient chat server.  • The concepts of cross-platform environment Node.js are successfully implemented on the Linux based Grunt (JavaScript task runner)  • Developed web presentation layer using HTML and CSS per internal standards and guidelines.  • Maintaining current (existing) ASI's website.  • Handled Client-side validations using JavaScript  • Developed the whole application module using object-oriented JavaScript and jQuery and made more interactive with the help of AJAX.  • Created responsive web pages on the tool using Bootstrap and CSS framework.  • Used Ember JS framework for creating single page applications.  • Used a combination of jQuery plugins, as well as completely custom JavaScript to build AJAX-driven user interface.  • Fetching the data from GitHub and making some changes in it and checking in the code.  • Used Node.js to develop faster, scalable application.  • Successfully handled JSON /XML data and carried out JSON/XML parsing for form submissions and DOM manipulation.  • Achieving RWD by using Bootstrap, Foundation and writing some media quires for CSS.  • Used MongoDB for storing data in JSON.  • Used Core Java to create modular program and reusable codes.  • Building web services by using RestAPI and SOAP  • Used ASP.NET framework for building web applications using Web forms, MVC and Web API.  • Used Entity Framework for accessing data code that need to write.  • Used JQuery plugins, autocomplete validation, drag and drop and more exceptionally.  • Used the Node.js MVC Frameworks in the development of the web applications.  • Involved in writing application level code to interact with APIs, RESTFul Web Services using AJAX, JSON.  • Effectively utilized the features of CSS3 and HTML5 to present data in a visually appealing format.  • Multi-column layout was adopted and used jQuery UI to make it more user friendly and compact  • Responsible for checking cross browser compatibility and hence worked on different browsers like safari, Internet explorer, Firefox and Google chrome.    Environment: HTML, DOM, DHTML, XHTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, JAVA, AJAX Controls, Wireframes, Adobe Flash, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Dreamweaver CS3, GIT, Quality Control, Quick Test Pro, JIRA. MD CareFirst, OwingsMills July 2017 to August 2018 UI Developer    • Used React JS for templating for faster compilation and developing reusable components.  • Involved in development, design and implementation of front- end part of the application.  • Developed the UI Screens using HTML5, DHTML, XML, Java Scripts, Ajax, JQuery Custom-tags, JSTL DOM Layout and CSS3.  • Leverages knowledge of W3C standards, classical Model View Layer (MVC) architecture and cross-browser development techniques.  • Created sites to organize client contracts and to summarize monthly financial data using Ember.js and MySQL.  • Utilized Node JS to create a fast and efficient chat server.  • The concepts of cross-platform environment Node.js are successfully implemented on the Linux based Grunt (JavaScript task runner)  • Developed web presentation layer using HTML and CSS per internal standards and guidelines.  • Maintaining current (existing) ASI's website.  • Handled Client-side validations using JavaScript  • Developed the whole application module using object-oriented JavaScript and jQuery and made more interactive with the help of AJAX.  • Created responsive web pages on the tool using Bootstrap and CSS framework.  • Used Ember JS framework for creating single page applications.  • Used a combination of jQuery plugins, as well as completely custom JavaScript to build AJAX-driven user interface.  • Fetching the data from GitHub and making some changes in it and checking in the code.  • Used Node.js to develop faster, scalable application.  • Successfully handled JSON /XML data and carried out JSON/XML parsing for form submissions and DOM manipulation.  • Achieving RWD by using Bootstrap, Foundation and writing some media quires for CSS.  • Used MongoDB for storing data in JSON.  • Used Core Java to create modular program and reusable codes.  • Building web services by using RestAPI and SOAP  • Used ASP.NET framework for building web applications using Web forms, MVC and Web API.  • Used Entity Framework for accessing data code that need to write.  • Used JQuery plugins, autocomplete validation, drag and drop and more exceptionally.  • Used the Node.js MVC Frameworks in the development of the web applications.  • Involved in writing application level code to interact with APIs, RESTFul Web Services using AJAX, JSON.  • Effectively utilized the features of CSS3 and HTML5 to present data in a visually appealing format.  • Multi-column layout was adopted and used jQuery UI to make it more user friendly and compact  • Responsible for checking cross browser compatibility and hence worked on different browsers like safari, Internet explorer, Firefox and Google chrome.    Environment: HTML, DOM, DHTML, XHTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, JAVA, AJAX Controls, Wireframes, Adobe Flash, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Dreamweaver CS3, GIT, Quality Control, Quick Test Pro, JIRA, Web Services. Front- End Developer Underwriters Laboratories - Northbrook, IL March 2016 to June 2017 * Support and maintain existing code in web applications.  * Work on customer information, portfolio management, profiling, classification, GUI design (mostly on business logic).  * Ability to work with web services including RESTful Web Services  * Using AngularJS created Responsive Web Design (RWD) and did data manipulations to display data in company standard format in UI.  * Utilized Angular 2 as the framework to build a single page application (SPA).  * Involved in the design and development of user profile planning for those accessing the system.  * Implemented Angular Router to enable navigation, Services and Dependency Injection in Angular to connect the web application to back- end APIs and for sharing the data between the components.  * Worked on REST API to create methods and consumed in Angular services by HTTP call.  * Worked in Agile Methodology and used JIRA for issue tracking and configuration management.  * Used Bitbucket to update and manage the version of the application.  * Handled all aspects of the web application including maintaining, testing, debugging, and deploying. Front- End/ UI Developer BenErg Software Solutions Pvt Ltd April 2014 to August 2015 * Built reusable custom-directives and custom-filters for DOM manipulation and format the displayed data in the view.  * Implemented various Validation Controls for form validation and implemented custom validation controls with JavaScript validation controls.  * Experience with Grunt task runner which helps automate repetitive tasks.  * Performed unit testing using Karma to increase the performance of the application.  * Experience in configuration management systems like GIT-HUB.  * Follow up with the development team on the improvements, integration and further enhancements in the website. Java Developer Nvidia Graphics Pvt Ltd August 2013 to February 2014 Responsibilities:  • Extensively involved in requirements gathering and analyzing them, checking the dependencies and design of the project.  • Implemented server-side tasks using Servlets and XML.  • Designed and developed User Interface using JSP, CSS, HTML and JavaScript. Used JavaScript DOM manipulation and JavaScript event to generate the data result in UI.  • Designed and Developed Java Script framework for UI Configuration widgets.  • Used OO Java Script, JSP, jQuery, HTML and CSS to develop the application.  • Involved in redesigning the entire site with CSS styles for consistent look and feel across all browsers and all pages.  • Responsible for transforming design mock-ups to W3C standards compliant HTML pages using HTML, XHTML, CSS.  • Wrote code to fetch data from Web services using JQUERY AJAX via JSON response and updating the HTML pages.  • Wrote script for AJAX implementations in the website.  • Performed XML Transformations from value objects to XML and from xml to HTML data.  • Designed and developed views, controller and model components implementing Struts Framework.  • Responsible for the process of UI design for Internet sites and applications. Skills Visual studio, Android studio, Git, Html, Javascript, Bootstrap, Typescript, Jenkins, Json, Svn, Xml, Ajax, Android, Jira, Eclipse, Sql server, Mysql, Sql Additional Information Technical Skills:  * Angular JS, 2,6, HTML 5, CSS3, JavaScript, TypeScript, Bootstrap, JSON, AJAX, XML, Node JS, React JS.  * MySQL, SQL server.  * Eclipse, Sublime Text 3, WebStorm, Visual Studio, NetBeans, My Eclipse, Android Studio.  * Web Development, Testing, Scrum, Agile Methodologies.  * GIT, SVN, Jenkins, Jira.