Front End Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End Developer Portsmouth, VA ? Having 8+ years of work experience in structuring, developing and implementing interactive websites using HTML/HTML5, CSS2/CSS3, JavaScript, ECMAScript6, jQuery, AJAX, AngularJS, React JS, Node JS, Redux, JSON, Bootstrap, SASS and LESS.  ? Involved in writing the front- end code for the application using Angular 2.0, Angular 4.0, Angular 5.0 and Angular 6.0  ? Created visualizations using D3.js, Chart.js and High Charts library for effectively demonstrating and analyzing data.  ? Working experience on integrating back- end technologies with JavaScript and jQuery by using AJAX and JSON.  ? Consuming Restful services using Ajax, HTML, XML, JSON, JavaScript, jQuery.  ? Designed and developed the application to be responsive for desktop, mobile and tablets using Twitter Bootstrap (HTML5, CSS, and JavaScript).  ? Used the functionalities for writing code in HTML5, CSS, Angular JS, Node JS, JavaScript, JQUERY, Ajax, JSON, and Bootstrap with MySQL database as the backend.  ? Proficiency with Vanilla JavaScript, including prototype, scope and module concepts.  ? Design Develop and support JavaScript/AngularJS based Application built to provide API and GUI for Customers.  ? Build some UI Services that interact with REST Layer which access/manipulate Database as per the Request from GUI meeting MVC Architecture.  ? Very good experience in Document Object Model (DOM).  ? Experience in writing internal and external API services  ? Used jQuery's UI features extensively to build several UI components of the web pages.  ? Unit testing of Angular2 components, services using karma-test- runner and Jasmine.  ? In-depth knowledge/experience of JavaScript, jQuery, W3C Standards.  ? Performed form validations using reactive forms from Angular2.0 framework.  ? Experience using React-Router to turn application into Single Page Application.  ? Experience and familiarity with newer specifications of ECMA Script.  ? Experience in writing internal and external API services using Node.js modules.  ? Implement Event-driven for building rich-client mobile applications using Node JS.  ? Developing cross-browser, cross-platform compatible solutions and knowledge on mobile development platform.  ? Involved in writing and executing test cases using Jest tool.  ? Used JIRA for bug tracking and for production issue tracker.  ? Notable experience in Java Programming Language, Object-oriented programming concepts like Inheritance, Polymorphism, Encapsulation, Abstraction.  ? Expertise in creating Requirement Traceability Matrix (RTM), Daily/Weekly Status Report, Defect Report and Project Report.  ? Excellent work experience in Sprint Planning, daily standup to sync up with Team for current sprint status.  ? Able to complete projects efficiently and satisfy customers with attractive, user-friendly websites.  ? Worked under Waterfall and Agile environment with regular basis of SCRUM.  ? Professional understanding of Software development life cycle's (SDLC) such as Development and Testing.  ? Worked with SVN and GIT for code management repository. Work Experience Front End Developer Towne Bank - Portsmouth, VA February 2018 to Present Job Description: I work as a Front End Developer at Century Link which is a telecommunication company. I am involved in building an SPA (Internal Only application) used by Customer Service Agents to order/update products for customers.    Roles and Responsibilities:  ? Working in a team, involved in developing the UI, layout and front- end programming for web application that matches requirements.  ? Built rich prototypes and applications using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Ajax, JSON, Angular 4.0/5.0/6.0 and Bootstrap.  ? Spearheaded adoption of new principles such as responsive design, mobile first and adaptive design using Angular5 libraries using Typescript.  ? Designing and coding customized Angular 5 services to interact with the backend API and serve components.  ? Working with Angular 4 forms, modules, DOM, events, expressions, controllers, filters and Http Request.  ? Implementing bootstrap, CSS in AngularJS for developing rich and responsive UI.  ? Using AngularJS HttpRequest to read data from web servers and process JSON data to render in the UI.  ? Developing Object Oriented JavaScript code and responsible for client-side validations using jQuery functions.  ? Developing source code to consume JSON response received through AJAX calls using jQuery.  ? Coding, testing of reusable JavaScript, CSS3, HTML5 widgets / libraries for complex UI controls.  ? Responsible for JavaScript / AJAX UI upgrades and improvements.  ? Experience with Angular 4 Directives, Dependency Injection, Services, Routing, pipes, Animations, Forms, AOT, Lazy Loading.  ? Creating TypeScript reusable components and services to consume REST API's using Component based architecture provided by Angular 4  ? Implementing Ng-2-smart table with various features like sorting, filtering, Pagination in the project.  ? Creating responsive web pages using HTML5, CSS3 media queries and MDB for angular  ? Extensively using JIRA for creating tasks, software defects and new feature requirements.  ? Developing the application using MEAN stack: Mongo DB, Angular 5.0, Express JS, Node.js and React JS.  ? Front- end prototype and theming with Bootstrap, Angular 5, jQuery.  ? Developing callback functions to parse and handle JSON data returned from the server.  ? Implementing JavaScript module patterns using asynchronous script loading.  ? Creating a build process for different environments like dev, test and production.  ? Demonstrated knowledge of code reviews, unit and regression testing, page speed testing.  ? Extensively using Jest for Unit testing and Integration testing  ? Made enhancements to existing CSS and DIV tags using box model.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, Angular 4/5/6 Node JS, JavaScript, JQuery, AJAX, Bootstrap framework, Jasmine, Tortoise SVN. UI Developer Discover, IL March 2014 to September 2016 Responsibilities:  ? Responsible for developing and maintaining entire web application using AngularJS, NodeJS, ReactJS No SQL based on W3C standards  ? Used AngularJS for client side validations  ? Exposure to Angular 2 and TypeScript since the application was migrating from Angular 1 to Angular 2.  ? Created Angular components like Controller, Directives, Services and Forms to collect the input from the User  ? Built SPA with loading multiple views using route services using Angular2 and NodeJS  ? Created Angular2 components, implemented Interpolation, Input variables, Bootstrapping, NgFor, NgIf, Router Outlet, binding the events, decorators  ? Used Third-party API in application to add functionality of tracking  ? Worked on project following Scrum Agile methodology that includes iterative application development, weekly Sprints, daily stand up meetings and customer reporting backlogs.  ? Utilized various jQuery plug-in to create Rich Internet Application (RIA) to make it look more intuitive  ? Created and performed test cases on application using protractor  Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Angular2, NodeJS, Typescript, ES6/5, NPM, Webpack, No SQL, GIT, Jasmine, Karma, Protractor. UI Developer Theorem India Pvt Ltd - Mysore, Karnataka May 2010 to September 2013 Roles and Responsibilities:  ? Involved in development, design and implementation of front- end part widget based application  ? Conducted daily scrum meetings and updated burnt chart  ? Utilized new software methodologies to adapt to changes in requirements quickly  ? Wrote application level code to interact with APIs, Web Services using AJAX, JSON and XML  ? Implemented unique features of Bootstrap  ? Involved in client-side tooling, testing & development with HTML, Modular JavaScript, etc.  ? Created and maintained the framework and layout of each portal with Cascading Style Sheets (CSS)  ? Enhanced the existing application utilizing JSP, created HTML navigation menu that is role-based.  ? Implemented Auto Complete/Auto Suggest functionality using AJAX, jQuery, DHTML, Web Service call and JSON  ? Developed dynamic e-mails using JavaScript and hand coding of HTML, XHTML, and CSS  ? Utilized various jQuery plugins to build Rich Internet Application (RIA) to provide a more intuitive and  ? user-friendly experience  ? Used AJAX, JSON with jQuery for request data and response processing  ? Developed programs to port the XML data to database to make the website XML driven  Environment: Object Oriented JavaScript, jQuery, JSON, AJAX, XML, HTML, DHTML, CSS, JSP, MVP, MySQL, Bootstrap Jr. Front End Developer IBM India Pvt Ltd - Bengaluru, Karnataka June 2008 to April 2010 Developed websites using HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, jQuery and JavaScript  ? Involved in the design and development of user profile planning for those accessing the system  ? Client/Server monitoring  ? Analyzed user requirements and converted into use cases  ? Used detailed wireframes and developed Mock-up designs as per the requirements of Business  ? Designed layouts on the front- end using JavaScript, CSS, HTML, Bootstrap  ? Experienced in designing and customizing JSP pages, Servlets, JavaScript, and XML and accomplished  Front- end validations  ? Created multiple types of content, each with unique features  ? Extensively used AJAX calls to send parameters and fetch data based on the user-triggered events  Environment: HTML, CSS, jQuery, JavaScript, AJAX, Bootstrap Education Bachelor's in Computer Science in Computer Science University of Mysore - Mysore, Karnataka May 2005 Master's in Computer Science in Computer Science Visveswaraiah Technological University - Mysore, Karnataka Skills MS VISUAL STUDIO, VISUAL STUDIO, APPLICATION SERVER, C#, Git