UI Developer UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> UI Developer - Allstate Denton, TX • Around 7+Years of experience in Software Development involving all phases of SDLC that include Analysis, Application Design, Development, Testing and Maintenance on Enterprise Applications across multiple business domains  • Designing, developing and debugging applications using technologies like .Net, Angular JS, JavaScript, CSS, HTML5, JSON,C# and Bootstrap  • Involved in setting up build and deploy tools like TeamCity and octopus for internal servers.  • Good knowledge in creating EC2 instances in Amazon web services.  • Experience in developing SOAP and RESTFUL Web services  • Experience in development and implementation of Restful Web APIs, and exposes endpoints using HTTP verbs like GET, PUT, POST and DELETE  • Well versed with build automation using open source tools such as Microsoft Team foundation Server, Maven and Ant  • Hands on experience using RxJs  • Worked in REACTJS for creating interactive UI's using One-way data flow  • Extensive professional experience of Healthcare web based applications.  • Exposure to web servers and application servers (Tomcat, WebLogic)  • Gathered the user requirements and converting them into software requirement specifications using UML.  • Experience with object oriented client side scripting using typescript, ES6 and JavaScript frameworks including jQuery , AngularJS  • Used node package manager (NPM) to manage or install the NodeJS modules like GRUNT, GULP  • Experience with working with version control like SVN and GIT HUB  • QA experience in cross-platforms testing Web-based and console applications.  • Well versed with Jenkins for setting up the CI/CD.  • Experience in UNIX and LINUX operating system  • Experience in using bug tracking tool Rally.  • Experience in developing using Vanilla Java Script  • Used Blue Bird Promise library and for data manipulation library used Lodash  • Worked in unit Testing, integration testing and preparing test cases.  • Written the SQL queries while performing testing .And working experience in writing the store procedure.  • Created Sitemap and annotated wireframes for e-commerce website  • Hands on experience using Sql Server SSIS  • Used features in Angular JS such as data binding, routing, custom filters, and custom directives to meet business requirements.  • Involved in Agile methodologies like scrum and moves accordingly for the sprint releases.  • Self-motivated to quickly learn modern technology and adopt to a new environment.  • Used ZOHO project management tool for sprint release and bug tracking. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience UI Developer Allstate - Irving, TX March 2017 to Present Responsibilities:  • UI development using Angular JS, Ajax, JQuery, Ext JS, HTML5, CSS and JavaScript.  • Developed the application by using HTML5, Java/J2EE. Designed and implemented the User Interface using JavaScript, HTML5, XHTML, XML, CSS3, JSP, AJAX and SQL.  • Experience working with agile methodologies, Familiar with SVN Versioning tool.  • Built UI components using Angular 4 that made HTTP API calls to back end Service Providers.  • Implemented data-binding and MVC using AngularJS for front- end development of current web application, Used AngularJS factory and services for dependency injection.  • Developed Billing API's based on the user stories and exposed them Enterprise Java Beans (EJB) for the Business logic.  • Developed various Database interaction objects by implementing the DAO (Data Access Object) patterns and used JDBC as Model Component.  • Used jQuery, JSON, AJAX and DOM scripting to create interactive web applications like message posting and auto complete form validations  • Used Web pack to build Type Script modules.  • Experience in popular build tools for JavaScript projects like Grunt or Gulp or Web pack task runners.  • Integrated REST web services calls to get data from response and show them on UI  • Used Node.js for server side code and Express.js as the framework. Written callback functions for the Restful API.  • Implementation using advanced Object Oriented JavaScript concepts such as Prototypes, Closure, and Class Structures.  • Used Angular2 to create a Single Page Application (SPA) which can bind data to specific views and synchronize data with server using Sass, LESS, Bootstrap.  • Used React JS for templating for faster compilation and developing reusable components.  • Used React flux to polish the data and for single directional flow.  • Involved in running Selenium automation scripts and updating the scripts according to enhanced requirements using selenium WebDriver.  • Built stable React components and stand-alone functions to be added to any future pages.    Environment: Core Java, Unix, Java Script, Node JS, CSS3, SASS, ExtJS, HTML5, Bootstrap, Angular2/4, , Web Services, NodeJS/NPM/Webpack. UI Developer Certify Global - Rockville, MD October 2015 to February 2017 Description: Certify uses revolutionary biometric authentication technology to up the chances of success for both you and to customers. Our flexible system allows you to choose any modality (fingerprint, voice, iris, etc.) for your identity management system. Projects worked in certify are Certify Access, Certify Portal, and Certify Kiosk.    Responsibilities:  • Developed few backend REST API modules Login, Profile, User manager for admin portal using Node JS based on SOA architecture.  • Implemented AJAX based application by fetching the response from backend API as a part of JSON  • Involved in setting up the TeamCity and OCTOPUS for the build and deploy for the internal servers.  • Used ZOHO for the project management and having tracking of bugs and sprint release  • Involved in daily stand up meetings with Dev and QA staff  • Designed and developed the login portal using framework Angular 1.6along with HTML, CSS.  • Developed XML for the Kiosk application based on the client requirement  • Performed Unit Testing of the applications and checking with in databases whether the data is been properly stored.  • Used Hibernate and Spring JDBC to connect to oracle database and retrieved data.  • Used ReactJS to create custom components for data manipulations  • Developed the Tab index functionality for the web application has per the client requirement.  • Fixing the bugs assigned in bug tracking tool and assign back to QA once after it is fixed.  • Designed and developed the application to be responsive for desktop and tablets using Bootstrap (HTML, CSS, and JavaScript).  • Design and implementation NodeJS web services using express SOAP and rest API for service as interface for all process.  • Experience in DOM manipulation using JavaScript, JQuery and Angular JS.  • Used the Kendo UI controllers for our applications for creating grids.  • Developed SPA using ReactJS to utilize the HTML5 DOM features and update elements that are modified in the webpage.  • Written the SQL queries for the inserting and updating the tables.  • Involved in team in setting up the build and deploy tools for our Dev and QA  • Worked on enhancements by requirement from the client  • Used Swagger tool for front- end user interfaces, low-level code libraries  • Participating in product development discussions and providing UI related information.    Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, AJAX, Bootstrap, Swagger UI, Node JS, React JS, Angular1.x/Angular 2, .NET, SQL Server 2012, TFS, IIS Server, TeamCity, OCTOPUS, XML. UI Developer Universal Studios - Orlando, FL January 2014 to September 2015 Description: Universal Studios is a theme park located in Orlando Florida, the park's theme is the entertainment industry. Our module of work is to provide the costumer a very flexible to choose their holiday destination    Responsibilities:  • Involved in migrating the Angular 1.6 to angular 2.0  • Developed the existing code for the component based structure for the performance of the web site.  • Developed the calendar with price for showing the daily basis prices for the available dates  • Used Tridion as content management to manage the content for the front end application  • Hands on experience using the Micro services for fetching the backend data  • Involved in developing Typescripts in Angular  • Utilized Futures and spring Framework to make Asynchronous calls to the application.  • Used Jenkins for the CI/CD process  • Experience in using Git Hub and add on (source tree) for the Git hub  • Build responsive application using Angular 1.x, NodeJS. Application compatible with mobile devices and different web platforms and browser. Consumed different plugins and angular modules and providers.  • Used the Lodash for the data manipulation (Chunk, Map, and Reduce).  • Used Rally for the bug tracking tool.  • Used RxJs (observables) for the application development  • Design, develop and test HTML5, CSS3,SCSS,SASS, Bootstrap, JavaScript, jQuery and ReactJS that meets accessibility and web browser standards for website  • Created the End points using Node JS  • Written unit test cases Jasmine and Karma and end to end test case using protractor  • IBM Cloud PaaS and SaaS Specializations included Application and Data Integration  • Implemented stable React components and stand-alone functions to be added to any future pages  • Implemented form validation using Validation controls using both Custom validation and Typescript was written for Client side validations in Angular 2  • Created Typescript reusable components and services to consume REST API's using Component based architecture provided by Angular 2  • Created custom directives in Angular 2 for reusable components (directives for browser controls).  • Developed the SASS for the web pages and CSS3 (Foundation Grid System).  • Developed applications with Typescript, Angular 2.0, HTML, CSS3 (Foundation Grid) as a single page Applications.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, SASS, JavaScript, JQuery, .NET,AJAX, Bootstrap, Node JS, Angular JS/Angular 2/4, Git Hub, Jenkins, Source Tree, Tridion, Micro Service, Windows, Lodash. Front End Developer Ripen Ecommerce Inc - Princeton, NJ June 2012 to December 2013 Description: Worked on E-commerce website of the company using Magento 1.8 and WordPress, built the responsive UI interface from PSD files using HTML5, CSS3, debugged and resolved the production website bugs using JavaScript and JQuery in google developer tool    Responsibilities:  • Designed and developed web applications using JavaScript and CSS.  • Involved in writing application level code to interact with APIs, Web Services using, AJAX, JSON and XML  • Developed web presentation layer using HTML5 and CSS.  • Involved in discussions with the System Analysts to identify the technical requirements  • Used AngularJS and other front- end libraries and frameworks for developing front end web applications  • Developed Date Time Picker for our application  • Involved in design, analysis and architectural meetings. Created Architecture Diagrams and Flow Charts using Microsoft Visio.  • Written SQL queries for fetching the data while performing the testing.  • Written the Test cases based on the requirement.  • Designed Single page web applications object oriented JavaScript Framework Angular.JS  • Built AngularJS modules, controllers, pop up modals, and file uploaders.  • Worked with code repository tool like SVN  • Done regression testing of our application and notified the Dev Team for bug fixes  • Worked with in agile environment    Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, Angular JS, ASP.NET, SQL server 2008, TFS, IIS server, XML. Education B-Tech in Computer Science Engineering Texas A&M University Kingsville Skills JSON (4 years), XML (4 years), AJAX (6 years), CSS (4 years), HTML5 (6 years) Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:  • Version Control Tools: SVN,GIT HUB  • CI/CD: Jenkins, TeamCity, OCTOPUS  • Project management Tool: ZOHO  • Databases: SQL server 2014/2008  • Operating Systems: Unix, Windows  • Web Technologies: Angular JS, Html5, CSS, XML, JAVA SCRIPT, AJAX, JSON, Angular 2  • Programming Languages: .Net, JAVA  • Methodologies: Agile, Waterfall  • Content Management: Tridion