Front End/UI Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span>/UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End/UI Developer - SAP Field glass Naperville, IL • Over8years of extensive experience in software development life cycle (SDLC) in developing and designing user experiences of Internet/Intranet applications using HTML5,ES6, HTML, XHTML XML CSS, CSS3, PHP, JavaScript, jQuery Meeting W3C standards.  • Proven track record in Graphic and User Experience Design and Transforming Web/Graphic Designers static prototypes into hand-coded HTML, specifically emphasizing accuracy and efficiency & adhering to W3C-established web standards with respect to maintaining cross-browser/cross-platform compatibility and delivering final page templates, including optimized images.  • Good knowledge of latest version of object oriented JavaScript Libraries like Angular.js, Node.js, Backbone.js, Bootstrap, ExtJS 4.0, and Require.js, Handlebars, React js and Dojo toolkit.  • Experience in designing web applications employing Search Engine Optimization (SEO) techniques and Search Engine Strategies (SES).  • Experience in Developing Web services Using JAVA SPRING.  • Experience with Responsive Web Design patterns and Bootstrap.  • Expert in creating Templates, Web Interfaces, Layouts, and Flow of Future Pages.  • Expertise in designing and developing User Experiences for Web Applications using Web Authoring tools such as Adobe Dreamweaver CS3, Adobe Illustrator, and Adobe Flash.  • High level of expertise in CSS pixel-level layout, Consistency with browsers, Version and Platform Independence.  • Good experience working on CSS Background, CSS Positioning, CSS Text, CSS Border, CSS Margin, CSS Padding, CSS Table, Pseudo Classes, Pseudo Elements and CSS Behaviors in CSS.  • Architecting and automating the build process for production, using task runners or scripts  • Documenting the code inline using JSDoc or other convention.  • Developed a responsive webpage using media queries with the latest version CSS3  • Expert in working with cutting edge front- end technologies/ framework and libraries like JQuery, Prototype, (X)HTML, DHTML, OO JavaScript, JSON, DOM, CSS, XML/XSLT, AJAX.  • Proficient with creating Logos, Banners, Buttons, Icons and Images using Adobe Flash and Adobe Illustrator.  • Well versed W3C standards.  • Used Wireframes as required by the client.  • Used CSS Sprites.  • Extensive experience in various UI widgets using JavaScript libraries (JQuery) and developing Rich Internet Applications RIA.  • Good knowledge of using JavaScript testing frameworks, Jasmine, Protractor and QUnit.  • Used JIRA in order to test and track the project status.  • Skilled at analyzing and solving browser compatibility challenges and possesses ability to maintain consistency and well commented HTML and CSS markup.  • Worked with Agile waterfall and scrum methodology.  • Experience in using Web Services like SOAP protocol in JAXWS and RESTFUL web services.  • Experience with User Acceptance Testing (UAT) and Accessibility Testing.  • Experience with iOS design, Android design, front- end design, OSX design, interaction design, Mobile app GUI design or usability.  • An energetic individual, able to communicate effectively, to work collaboratively to resolve problems and to motivate team members as well.  • An experienced software developer passionate about delivering quality software products with thorough & rigorous testing and ample documentation.  • Excellent analytical and logical programming skills with a good understanding at the conceptual level and possess excellent presentation, interpersonal skills with a strong desire to achieve specified goals. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Front End/UI Developer SAP Field glass - Naperville, IL April 2015 to Present Responsibilities:  • Involved in Requirements and Analysis Understanding the requirements of the client and the flow of the application as well as the application Framework.  • Developed HTML views with HTML5, ES6, CSS3, Bootstrap and Angular JS.  • Used JQuery for basic animation and end user screen customization purposes.  • Developed creative intuitive user interfaces that address business and end-user needs, while considering the technical, physical and temporal constraints of the users.  • Involved in the development of presentation layer and GUI framework using Angular JS and HTML.  • Built different modules , controllers , templates, custom filters and directives in Angular JS.  • Built Single Page Applications (SPA), Responsive Web design , UI using HTML5 Grid Layouts, CSS3 Media queries where its an expression and can be used to either True or false.  • Designed dynamic and browser compatible pages using HTML5, CSS3, JQuery and JavaScript.  • Involved in writing application level code to interact with APIs, Web Services using AJAX, JSON and Angular resources.  • Developed the administrative UI using Backbone.js and Backbone.Marionette.js.  • Responsible for making responsive web pages using twitter bootstrap and media queries.  • Used CSS pre-processors (SASS and LESS).  • Grunt is used to create UI builds and run UI tasks like compiling less files to generate a CSS file. Grunt is also used to • run multiple tasks like merging small icons into a single image to use sprites. Grunt also helped to maintain the code  • check code quality and also used the Grunt Task runner in order to manage the Project.  • The application was developed by agile development with Scrum methodology.  • Involved in Developer Testing, Review and Trouble shooting.  • Developed UI tests with Protractor and Java tests in jUnit.  • Worked closely with other senior developers, product managers, system architects, and the QA team to deliver optimal designs and software to meet and exceed expectations following MVC architecture.  • Designed and Developed automation script using Selenium Web Driver in Eclipse.  • Developed Mobile Application which is compatible to all the smart devices. Based on the size of the Screen and the features of the device developed the application  • Experience with iOS design, Android design, front- end design, OSX design, interaction design, Mobile app GUI design or usability.  • Used ReactJS to create Controllers to handle events triggered by clients and send request to server.  • Used ReactJS to create views to hook up models to the DOM and synchronize data with server as a Single Page Application (SPA).  • Handled response data from RESTFUL webservices using XML, JSON and JQuery to update UI. Interacted with java controllers (JQuery, Ajax, and JSON to write/read data from back end systems).  • Created GET/PUT/UPDATE request and response using RESTFUL web services.  • Developed Html5 Boilerplate a set of web development templates with the web's best practices baked in.  • Experienced in development of custom fully responsive website from scratch using Twitter Bootstrap.    Environment:HTML5, CSS3, AngularJS, AJAX, ES6, Responsive Web Design, Node.js, Marionette.js, JQuery UI, JSON, Nightwatch.js, Atom, Photoshop, Flax, JavaScript, JSP, SASS, LESS, Agile methodology, GIT, JBoss, Eclipse , LINUX commands. Front End/UI Developer Ercot - Austin, TX August 2013 to March 2015 Responsibilities:  • Involved in Requirement gathering phase in order to gather the requirements from the business users and dealing with UX team to continuously accommodate changing user requirements.  • Developed the front end of the application using HTML5, DHTML, CSS3, SASS, JSP, JavaScript  • Applied advanced HTML, JavaScript, and CSS to deliver cutting-edge user interfaces and components.  • Created interactive websites and website features using JavaScript and JQuery/ JQuery UI.  • Used Angular.js and Node.js for developing single page web applications.  • Used Ext.js for building rich internet applications, backbone.js, & Require.js to optimize in-browser use and to load the module and to improve the Speed.  • Wrote Page level code using JavaScript with Angular.js framework along with JQUERY and other JavaScript libraries.  • Spearheaded adoption of Responsive Web design principles.  • Creating interactive prototypes using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript front end code from a combination of wireframes, visual designs and design standards.  • Utilized Adobe Fireworks, Adobe shop, Adobe Dreamweaver and Illustrator for the front- end development such as graphics and multimedia's.  • Worked with Reducers, React Containers to update the state of an APP produced by Redux and by mapping those to the React component using React-Redux  • Converted existing websites to Responsive websites.  • Responsible for creating the screens with table-less designs meeting W3C standards.  • Wrote application level code to interact with the backend databases JQUERY, AJAX and JSON.  • Used Dreamweaver, Photoshop, Flex for implementing application and designing graphics and images.  • Applied JQuery scripts for basic animation and end user screen customization purposes.  • Worked upon the dashboard for the project which contained a variety of charts and drag gable components using JQUERY UI Library.  • Designed and developed of UI using HTML/DHTML, ES6, CSS, Dojo, & JavaScript.  • Used JQuery mainly for adding several functionalities to the application (calendar, tooltips, popover, hiding elements validation, making Ajax calls, etc.).  • Used AJAX for asynchronously exchanging small amount of data with the server behind the scenes and updating the JSP page.  • Used AJAX and JSON to make asynchronous calls to the project server to fetch data on the fly.  • Developed and deployed Action Classes and JSP for Dynamic HTML generation.  • Generated new and edited existing design with CSS to accommodate new changes in design and logic.  • Created web pages which are informative and yet very neat and interesting to look at.  • Pure MVC pattern has been incorporated for more robust coding and enhance unit testing.  • Responsible for design and development of the web pages from mock- ups.  • Worked closely with business users and developers of team to resolve issues.    Environment:HTML5, ES6, CSS3, JQuery, AJAX, Nightwatch.js, Responsive Web Design, Marionette.js, Angular.js, Node.js, JQuery UI, Reactjs, JSON, Dreamweaver, Photoshop, Flax, JavaScript, JSP, SASS , MVC. Front End/UI Developer Insight Enterprises January 2012 to May 2013 Responsibilities:  • Analyzed business requirements, participated in technical design, development and testing of various modules assigned.  • Used the functionalities to write code in HTML5/HTML, CSS3/CSS, Angular.js, JavaScript, JQuery, Ajax, JSON, and Bootstrap with MySQL database as the backend.  • The project is build upon the Single Page Application (SPA) criteria.  • Developed Web application for backend system using Angular.js with cutting edge HTML5 and CSS3 techniques.  • For new website features wrote Angular.js controllers, views and services.  • Involved in developing a new business application to the layout using Grid orientation model Bootstrap framework.  • Used Backbone.js and Require.js to create Views to hook up models to the DOM and synchronize data to/from server.  • Designed Frontend with in object oriented JavaScript Framework like Node.js and Ext.js.  • Developed JQuery code using an XML Http Request Adapter to send an AJAX request to the server side code and also implemented a callback function to handle the results.  • Worked on prototypes for Responsive Web design.  • Implemented JavaScript source code and embedded nested handling logic using JQuery event handlers and call back functions.  • Developed the JQuery callback functions for implementing asynchronous communication using AJAX.  • Extensively used JQuery UI for screen design and development.  • Involved in Coding, styling, testing of reusable JavaScript, CSS3, HTML5 widgets/ libraries for complete UI controls.  • Designed user friendly navigation for displaying various sections of data using JQuery.  • Created Dynamic Web Pages using Web Controls and developed forms using HTML5.  • Coded pages with best Search Engine Optimization (SEO) techniques.  • Used Dreamweaver, Photoshop, Flex for implementing application and designing graphics and images.  • Used Content Management system (CMS) for the dynamic configuration of the header and footer of the web application.  • Styling pages using CSS3.0 and developed JavaScript for user interfaces.  • Used CSS Blueprint to create grids and adopt cross browser interactive features and to make the web pages more.  • Implemented XML parsing code for different application.  • Developed server side REST style web services and called them from angular controllers.  • Frequently met with the project manager to review project goals and to create proposals for future developments, researching their fields for UI design.  • Used SVN for version control and JIRA for defect tracking and Hands on experience in Python for the automation of some tasks.  • Worked with the team of architects and back- end Developers to gather requirements and enhance the application functionality and add new features.    Environment: HTML5, CSS, JQuery, Bootstrap, Angular.js, Require.js, Ext.js, Node.js, Backbone.js, Responsive Web Design, AJAX, JQuery UI, JavaScript, Dreamweaver, Photoshop, Flex, MVC, Rest Web Services, JSON, XML, SEO, MySQL Server, Eclipse and Windows. Front End/UI Developer Wells Fargo - Minneapolis, MN November 2010 to December 2011 Responsibilities:  • Involved in designing and implementing Web2.0 Rich UI for the Self-service Application using JQuery AJAX framework and Widget based JavaScript programmed model.  • Followed the Agile and Scrum development methodologies  • Rendered HTML from XML stream using XSLT as per the business logic for different widgets.  • Developed screen functionality using HTML, CSS, JavaScript and JQUERY.  • Generated UI mock-ups from paper-and-pencil concepts to high-fidelity prototypes that convey the interaction model using HTML, CSS and JavaScript.  • Used JQuery core library functions for the logical implementation part at client side for all the application.  • Developed client side validation code using JavaScript and JQuery.  • Involved in developing HTML and JavaScript for client side presentation and, data validation on the client side with in the forms.  • Designed page - layouts using Dreamweaver and banner using Adobe Flash.  • Involved in implementing java rendering framework which manages the pages on the server side.  • Involved in developing the Validations across the application using JQuery Validator plug in.  • Participated in defect review meetings with the team members using Bugzilla, Firebug, and Google's element inspector.  • Involved in implementing the UI to support all the major browsers    Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQUERY, AJAX, XML, Dreamweaver, AdobeFlash, agile and Windows. UI Developer SnM Enterprise Solutions - Hyderabad, ANDHRA PRADESH, IN May 2008 to August 2010 Responsibilities:  • Closely worked with business system analyst to understand the requirements to ensure that right set of UI modules been built.  • Developed web pages and components using HTML and CSS and JavaScript.  • Created business classes and base objects.  • Utilized JavaScript and JQuery to improve overall design and UI of campaign websites.  • Worked alongside backend Java programmers to troubleshoot Java Script related issues with front- end connectivity.  • Extracted data in UI for different clients using JSON format.  • Implemented client-side validations using JavaScript.  • Implemented AJAX to speed up web application Used Web Developer, Firebug, and IE developer toolbar for debugging and browser compatibility.  • Participated in maintenance and production support.    Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, AJAX, JSON, Firebug and Windows. Education Bachelor in computer science Jntu - Hyderabad, ANDHRA PRADESH, IN Skills AJAX (8 years), CSS (8 years), HTML (8 years), JAVASCRIPT (8 years), jQuery (8 years), HTML5, CSS3, AngularJS, AJAX, ES6, Responsive Web Design, Node.js, Marionette.js, JQuery UI, JSON, Nightwatch.js, Atom, Photoshop, Flax, JavaScript, JSP, SASS, LESS, Agile methodology, GIT, JBoss, Eclipse , LINUX commands.HTML5, ES6, CSS3, JQuery, AJAX, Nightwatch.js, Responsive Web Design,Marionette.js, Angular.js, Node.js, JQuery UI, Reactjs, JSON, Dreamweaver, Photoshop, Flax, JavaScript, JSP, SASS , MVC. (8 years) Additional Information Technologies  • Web Technologies  • HTML, HTML5, XML, CSS, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, PHP,ES6, AJAX, DOM, DOJO, Core Java, GUI, Responsive Web design, JSON , Gradle ,Gulp ,Grunt , SASS ,LESS ,Media queries    • IDE & Tools  • Web Storm, Notepad++, Adobe Dreamweaver, Adobe Flash Professional + Action Script 2.0/3.0, Microsoft Publisher, Eclipse, Atom, Edit Plus.    • Version Control • SVN, CVS, GIT  • JavaScript Libraries    • Web Technologies    • JQuery UI, Ext JS 4.0, Require.js,Marionette.js, Backbone.js, Angular.js, Node.js, Bootstrap.js, React js,Nightwatch.js.    • HTML, HTML5, CSS, CSS3, PHP, XML, GRADLE ,GULP,GRUNT ,SASS, LESS ,Jasmine, JIRA    • Publishing Tools • Adobe PageMaker, MS Office  • Wire Frame Tools • Adobe Illustrator CS3  • Data Access    • Operating System    • MY SQL, Oracle,    • Windows , Mac OS ,Linux