Freelance Front End Developer Freelance <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Frontend Web Developer Norwalk, CA Self-motivated, energetic, and results-driven individual pursuing a Web Developer position focusing on front- end UI Development. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Freelance Front End Developer Hogarth Worldwide - Sunnyvale, CA August 2019 to Present ·   Liaise with QA and PM teams to update on progress and drive the development to deliver to the highest standards    ·   Develop new digital assets as identified by supervisor and management    ·   Modify existing code to accommodate for a locale – including changing image paths, server-side includes (SSI), file names, directories, other elements, and other development tasks. Freelance Front End Developer JS Production - Los Angeles, CA November 2017 to Present • Planning, implementing and creating an ERP that integrates with MWS for customers that sell products on Amazon. ERP front- end is built with VueJs, PHP, and Javscript. Make use of MWS PHP library to submit and collect data for reports, products and other resources.    • DentistsInSantaMonica.com and DentistsInBeverlyHills.dental: Hands on coding for Frontend(HTML, CSS, JavaScript) and Backend (PHP) for responsive web site. Collects user data and provides and markets participating dentists. Work closely with project manager and client to deliver product on schedule.    • CheapTermiteFumigation.com: Extracted image from provided PSD file. Developed website ground up using HTML, CSS, JavaScript and PHP. Implemented Bootstrap, Gulp, Webpack, Sass and responsive from mobile to desktop.    • OrexMotorsports.com: Design and develop responsive web site for business to business commerce. Hand code HTML, CSS, and JavaScript  integrated on a custom e-commence platform. Front End/PHP Laravel Developer A&F Apparel Inc - Santa Fe Springs, CA January 2019 to August 2019 • Maintain in-house Laravel system. Troubleshoot and fix any errors or bugs throughout the system.    • Develop program to integrate with Amazon MWS to automate work that can be done thru API. Developing an application with MWS to substitute Ship & Scan application that used to be provided by Amazon.    • Planning and implementing new pages for the system using JavaScript, PHP, Ajax, and MySQL to help increase efficiency in work and to reduce human errors. Front End Developer Cherish Apparel Inc - Vernon, CA December 2017 to January 2019 • Front End development for the company’s e-commerce website. Hands on coding for responsive UI in HTML, CSS, with jQuery plugins.     • Planning and implementing dynamic in-house application using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, PHP, Ajax, and MySQL to help existing customers pre-order incoming products with notification with the use of LAMP in AWS.    • IT support for company. Marketing Cherish Apparel Inc. - Vernon, CA October 2013 to August 2017 • Strong understanding of online B2B e-commerce website and the fashion industry.    • Provide customer service assist in warehouse logistics for shipping and receiving. Warehouse Supervisor Michelle Inc 2011 to 2013 • Direct warehouse functional areas, including receiving, replenishment, shipping, order filling, and return to ensure on time and accurate receipt and delivery of inventory. Optical Technician Assistant Lens Work - Sun Valley, CA 2010 to 2011 • Prepares equipment for operation by positioning and securing polishing heads, preparing tools, and monitoring polishing slurries. Education Engineer in Audio Engineering Musicians Institute 2015 Skills CSS (1 year), jQuery (1 year), JAVASCRIPT (1 year), PHP (1 year), BOOTSTRAP (1 year), Front End, VueJS (Less than 1 year), Laravel (Less than 1 year), CSS3, Front-End Additional Information Skills  • HTML5  • CSS  • SASS (CSS Preprocessor)  • JavaScript  • jQuery  • PHP  • NPM  • Gulp and Webpack build process  • Bootstrap  • Responsive Web Design  • Git  • AJAX    Other Qualifications  • Superior facility with Windows and MAC operating system  • Bilingual: English / Korean