UI Developer UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> UI Developer - United Airlines Houston, TX ? 7 years of experience with full Software Development Life-Cycle, architecting scalable platforms, objects-oriented programming, database design and agile methodologies.  ? Extensive experience in developing web pages using HTML/HTML5, XML, CSS/CSS3, Sass, Less, JavaScript, React.js, AngularJS, Angular 2/4, jQuery, JSON, Node.js, Ajax, Bootstrap, C#, .NET  ? Extensive experience in Cross-browser HTML, CSS JavaScript coding to offer responsive website layouts to modern browsers and mobile devices  ? Familiar with RESTful APIs and communicate with backend server with JSON and XML formatted data.  ? Experience in working with NodeJS Express framework and Grunt, Gulp plugins as task runners.  ? Extensive experience in UI development, frontend development, web 2.0 specifications, media compatibilities, application architecture, project and team management.  ? Expertise in UI designing like wireframe concepts, Mockup designs using Adobe Fireworks, Axure, Mockingbird, and Photoshop.  ? Good experience on working with CSS Background, padding, table, Animations and Layouts, positioning, border, margin, Pseudo elements and CSS behaviors including the Box model.  ? Expertise in coding optimized SQL queries, PL/SQL Stored Procedures, Functions, Packages and Triggers on databases like MySQL, SQL Server and Oracle.  ? Experience in working with React and Redux and created interactive and reusable UI Components.  ? Experience in building modern web application in React.js and React ecosystem libraries.  ? Expertise in AngularJS and Angular 2/4 for developing Single Page Applications (SPA).  ? Hands on experience with cross browser compatibility like Chrome, Firefox, Internet Explorer and Safari.  ? Strong ability in writing Test Plans, Test Cases, Test Procedures and Test scripts from requirements and Use Cases.  ? Experience in version control tools GIT, SVN and GIT Enterprise for JavaScript package manager including NPM and yarn.  ? Strong Experience in implemented Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) and Microservices using Spring Boot REST web Services.  ? Familiar with JavaScript unit test tools including Mocha and Jasmine.  ? Knowledge in working with the building tools like Maven, Ant, Jenkins.  ? Followed Waterfall and Agile/Scrum methodology of software development which satisfies the Customer through early and continuous delivery of valuable software. Work Experience UI Developer United Airlines - Houston, TX November 2017 to Present Responsibilities:  ? Worked with HTML5, CSS3, JSON, JavaScript, Angular, React JS, Node.js, Babel and ES6 for developing user interface. Used React JS for search engine optimization.  ? Design, develop and test HTML, CSS, jQuery and React.JS-Redux that meets accessibility and web browser standards.Adhere to web standards, usability, and best practices with a focus on consistency and usability.  ? Involved to implement various screens for the front end using ReactJS and used various predefined components from NPM (Node Pack Manager) and Redux library.  ? Research and developed a POC by using Angular 2 with Ionic 2 for the mobile devices.  ? Utilizing Responsive web design to support usability in desktop, mobile, and tablet environments.  ? Implemented client side Interface using Redux.  ? Built and deployed a NodeJS backend for implementing business logic and automating routine tasks such as importing stats, calculating scores, and managing contests.  ? Solid understanding of React Virtual DOM Algorithm, for React performance optimization.  ? Responsible for React UI and architecture. Building components library, including Tree, Slide-View, Table Grid.  ? Making changes to the existing web applications and creating new components using React JS.  ? Developed navigation bar, menu bar, drop down lists with react widgets and bootstrap.  ? Used Bootstrap front- end framework for faster and easier web development with MySQL database, Node JS as the backend.  ? Using JavaScript, jQuery, Kendo UI for user interactions in pages. Creating a Responsive web application integrating Twitter Bootstrap with React-redux and media queries.  ? Implemented load-balancing to allow dozens of Node JS instances to handle thousands of concurrent users.  ? Utilized a concept called Virtual DOM in ReactJS to create in-memory data structure cache, enumerate the resulting differences, and then update the browser's displayed DOM efficiently.  ? Using CSS preprocessor SASS to make CSS more efficient.  ? Added live reload configuration using Browserify and Watchify programmatically with libraries loaded from NPM and Bower.  ? Performed the Synchronous/Asynchronous file operations and created web server with the help of Express Using Node JS.  ? Providing consultation and development support services for engaging in a commercial grade search engine including Elastic search, HTML, CSS, Responsive Web Design, Test Driven Development (TDD), Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery.  ? Involved in fixing defects and Unit testing with test cases using JUnit.  ? Followed Jira for tracking processes and streamlining Agile planning.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, ES6, React JS, React Native, Node JS, Bootstrap, Redux, JQuery, Grunt, Bower, NPM, AJAX, LESS/SASS, JIRA, Junit, Git, Agile. Front end Developer BCBS, FL February 2017 to October 2017 Responsibilities:  ? Worked closely with the end users / business analysts to gather the requirements of the project and was responsible for the delivery of technical design document and implementation  ? Used front end web development tools HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Typescript, Bootstrap, Angular JS, Angular2/4 to design UI  ? Worked in Agile Environment and attended meetings regularly to show the functionalities implemented and worked closely with business analyst and solution architect  ? Moved existing AngularJS controllers and services to Angular 2 components for more responsive and less dependency.  ? Develop various screens for the front end using React JS and used various predefined components from NPM (Node Package Manager) and Redux library  ? Developed user interface by using the React JS, Redux for SPA development.  ? Developed single page applications using Angular 2/4, Typescript, web pack and grunt.  ? Hands on Experience on Angular2 technology for one complete project in rebasing the UI of the application using the techniques in Angular 2  ? Worked on Custom Renderers to get the native look and feel for the application  ? Created Portable class Library for targeting specific platform and used interfaces to provide platform specific functionalities  ? Used different Angular built in services for all data access, encapsulating URLs and Standardizing data access interfaces  ? Developed back end web services using Node JS and stored dependencies using NPM  ? Added user validations and user permissions by using the Node.js.  ? Used Node.js and Express.js to develop the relevant back end RESTAPI  ? Knowledge in configuring Cloud platform such as VMs, Azure AD, Web Apps, DB's, Cloud Services, etc.  ? Experienced with deployments, maintenance and troubleshooting applications on Azure Cloud.  ? Extensively Worked on CSS Background, CSS Positioning, CSS Text, CSS Border, CSS Margin, CSS Sprites, CSS Padding, CSS Table, Pseudo Elements & Classes, and CSS Behaviors in CSS.  ? Involved in agile software methodologies using TEST DRIVEN DEVELOPMENT(TDD)  ? Experience in unit testing by using Karma and Mocha  ? Worked on Agile methodology with one of the most flexible Agile project management tool JIRA  ? Used Rest API's for the communication between SQLite and SQL server  ? Involved in testing and fixed the issues occurred during the testing process    Environment: Angular2/4, JSON, Web API, Shell scripting (Bash/ corn), Web Service, Java Script, Angular JS, AJAX LESS, SASS, GRUNT, Jasmine, SVN, GitHub, GitLab, XML UI Developer Centene - Los Angeles, CA August 2014 to November 2016 Responsibilities:  ? Designed and implemented user interface for web-based customer application using HTML5, CSS3, Typescript, JSON, AJAX and Angular 2.  ? Defined new validations through Angular for the form field validation implemented using directives like valid, pristine, checked and also sanitizing the form.  ? Worked on Responsive Web Design using NG-Bootstrap and CSS3 Media Query.  ? Worked on Angular 2 by consuming RESTful web services and used Angular 2 forms like Template Driven forms and Modern Driven forms to perform form validations both on server and client side.  ? Used Angular 4 for client-side validations.  ? Created Angular components like Controller, Directives, Services and Forms to collect the input from the User.  ? Created Angular 4 components, implemented Interpolation, input variables, Bootstrapping, NgFor, NgIf, Router Outlet, binding the events, decorators.  ? Written modular code, including experience using amd/ES6 using Angular 4  ? Experience with Angular 2 & 4 Directives, Dependency Injection, Services, Routing, pipes, Animations, Forms, AOT, Lazy Loading, RXJS.  ? Used AJAX to make the service calls from the web page in the background using jQuery without performing a browser refresh.  ? Created classes using the Metadata Annotations derived through the decorators in Angular 2.  ? Developed single page web application using JavaScript framework Angular and Created multi custom directives by defining Angular directives.  ? Developed Typescript reusable components and services to consume REST API's using Component based architecture.  ? Created Angular2 custom pipe to format the data.  ? Optimized the code for reusability using the Decorators and injecting the services to access those in any components by using the providers property in Angular 2 Components.  ? Worked on Routes in Angular 2 to create the base route and extensions by using RouterConfig as an injectable URL path and customized component for each of the webpage.  ? Designed and implemented the enhanced development platform by doing POC using frameworks like Angular2, NodeJS, NPM.  ? Experience in developing of custom work flow, plug-ins, and integrating custom web pages into CRM.  ? Involved in configuring the GIT repository and used GIT for version control.  ? Used Agile software management (Scrum) that included iterative application development, demos, and retrospectives, stand up meetings and followed JIRA for tracking processes and streamlining Agile planning.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Bootstrap, jQuery, Angular 2 & 4, Angular CLI, RxJS, Grunt, GIT, NodeJS, Agile Methodology. Application Developer Augusta - IN May 2012 to July 2014 Responsibilities:  ? Participated in System Analysis and Application Designing Sessions with project managers, business analysts and team members to analyze business requirements and outline the proposed IT solution  ? Written SQL Scripts, Stored Procedures, and Triggers, Defining roles, creating database users and Assigning Roles in SQL Server 2008 using T-SQL  ? UI (User Interface) development using ASP.NET 2.0/3.5web server control, JavaScript, HTML, XDSL, XLS and DHTML, jQuery, JSON and Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) using Macromedia Dreamweaver  ? Created UML Diagrams / ERD Diagrams in assistance with Business Analyst  ? Used .NET Framework 3.0/3.5, n-tier architecture and Object-Oriented Methodologies (C#) for Application Development  ? Worked on Scaffolding Templates, Custom Html Helpers, Razor View Engine, Action Filters and Remote Validator on ASP.NET MVC application  ? Developed web-applications using ASP.NET, MVC, C#, AJAX & jQuery  ? Created class libraries for creating and consuming business components in ASP.NET  ? Design and code implementation of enterprise application using C# Win forms, WPF for GUI  ? Contributed in unit testing, bug tracking for web-based applications, TFS for Source control  ? Implemented Caching, Exception and Custom Error Handling using ASP.NET and C#.NET  ? Played a major role in Requirement Analysis and Design to support globalization to WPF Calendar Control using C# WPF forms  ? Involved in development of server-side parser using Custom code and calls to Web Service.  ? Involved in unit testing using NUnit Framework  ? Played a major role in Requirement Analysis, design and creating Windows GUI using C#, WPF  ? Used Layout Panels and Control Templates for Customization  ? Create a WCF contract using user-defined interface  ? Developed application using ASP.NET 2.0, business logic in the middle layer using C# and data service activities in the backend using SQL Server 2008  ? Used SSIS packages to roll our data to Live Tables and to Reservation Processing Database  ? Implemented WCF in the project for advanced functionalities  ? Developed Web Service for retrieving Employee Data (based on XML, WSDL and SOAP)  ? Designed Data Access Layer and its Methods (ADO.NET) as a connection between Business Logic and Database  ? Business Intelligence Development Studio BIDS -- Using BIDS to create, edit, and deploy SSRS, SSAS, and SSIS projects. Developed deployed and monitored SSIS packages including upgrades DTS to SSIS  ? Generated Crystal Reports for Job Allocation Purpose  ? Worked on XML Transformations into XHTML using XSLT  ? Used JavaScript Code for client-side validations    Environment: - .NET Framework 4/4.5, ASP, C#, VB.NET, ADO.NET, XML, Web services, HTML, JavaScript, IIS, Windows, Server, HTML, DHTML, XHTML, UML, CSS, UML, Ajax Toolkit, Visual Studio 2012, SSIS, SQL Server 2012. Education Master of Science in Computer and Information Science in Computer and Information Science Southern Arkansas University Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Science in Computer Science Vignan Institute of Technology & Science Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS    Web Technologies: HTML, HTML 5, DHTML, CSS, CSS3, XHTML, XML Spy, JavaScript, JQUERY, JSON, AJAX, Bootstrap, React JS, AngularJS, NodeJS, TypeScript, ES6, Web pack, Ionic, Backbone JS, Python.  Languages: C, C++, Java, JavaScript, C# and ASP.NET.  IDE, HTML Editor: Sublime Text 3, Notepad++, Eclipse IDE, Adobe Dreamweaver, Charles (debugging proxy), Safari & Chrome (and their development tools).  Application servers: Web Sphere, Web Logic, Apache, Grunt (http local web server), GulpGit Hub.  Database: Oracle11g, MySQL, SQL Server.  Operating Systems: Windows, Mac OS.  Version Controls: Tortoise SVN, Open CVS, Source Tree, Bitbucket, GIT Bash, GIT 1.6.12.