Sr. Front End Web Developer Sr. <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> Web <span class="hl">Developer</span> Sr. Front End Web Developer - Boston Scientific Corp Dearborn, MI • Around 7+ years of experience working in the corporate environment as a Front- end web developer. Strong technical skills in complex website development including web-based applications.  • Experience in system analysis, design, workflow architecture, development, testing and maintenance of web-based applications.  • Experience on developing highly interactive web applications using HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, Angular 4 and 6 frameworks.  • Expert in developing web pages for different devices like Mobile, Tablet, Desktop using Responsive web design and Twitter Bootstrap.  • Extensive experience in development of cross-browser compatible web pages using HTML5, JavaScript, CSS and MVC framework.  • Gained experience in using various Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) models like Waterfall, Agile model.  • Experience in working with Custom Directives, Controllers, Services, Filter modules of Angular.  • Good experience in developing the Single Page application (SPA) using Angular.  • Well organized, able to prioritize, coordinate tasks and projects.  • Experience in building web applications using JavaScript, jQuery and D3js.  • Experience in working on developing applications using RESTful services, Angular_JS, Angular 4/5/6, React_JS, Java/J2EE.  • Proven track record in Graphic and User Experience Design and Transforming Web/Graphic Designers static prototypes into hand-coded HTML, specifically emphasizing accuracy and efficiency & adhering to W3C-established web standards with respect to maintaining cross-browser/cross-platform compatibility and delivering final page templates, including optimized images.  • Proficient in in SQL databases such as MySQL, Oracle, SQL Server, DB2 and Postgre 'SQL.  • Expert in implementing MVC framework using MVC Architecture and various Design Patterns.  • Expertise in working with Design Patterns such as Front Controller, Dispatcher, Command, Singleton, Factory, Abstract, Java Annotations, Proxy and Reflection patters.  • Experience in designing applications using UML and deep knowledge in Object-oriented Analysis and Design.  • Extensively used D3JS to create interactive websites and visualizations.  • Extensively used Apache Tomcat.  • Good experience working on CSS Background, CSS Positioning, CSS Text, CSS Border, CSS Margin, CSS Padding, CSS Table, Pseudo Classes, Pseudo Elements and CSS Behaviors in CSS.  • Expert in working with cutting edge front- end technologies/ framework and libraries like JQuery, Prototype, (X)HTML, DHTML, OO JavaScript, JSON, DOM, CSS, XML/XSLT, AJAX.  • Proficient with creating Logos, Banners, Buttons, Icons and Images using Adobe Flash and Adobe Illustrator.  • Working knowledge on concepts of Angular 5 and 6.  • Expert in using development and version control tools like Eclipse, Intellij, SVN and Git.  • Ability to grasp new concepts quickly and work together as a team or individual with great communication skills. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr. Front End Web Developer Boston Scientific Corp - Marlborough, MA January 2018 to Present Responsibilities  • Designed the applications, user interactive (UI) web pages using web technologies like HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, JavaScript, Angular 2+  • Developed the GUI using XML, CSS and JavaScript for client-side scripting.  • Worked in a team and involved in developing the UI, layout and front- end programming (HTML) from wireframes.  • Used Angular4 Reactive forms to implement complex forms and performed the validations using Form Builder.  • Installed Node.js to build applications using Typescript.  • Worked on different components on Typescript like Language, Typescript Compiler  • Involved in creating various Components for the application using Angular 2, Typescript.  • Implemented Angular 2 services to connect the web application to back- end APIs to POST/GET the data used in the application.  • Used Node.js, cross-platform runtime environment for server-side JavaScript.  • Optimized the performance of application using Angular4 Lazy Loading and Time Compilation.  • Turned the application into a Highly Interactive, using AJAX web development techniques.  • Created few custom directives to extend the functionality of HTML5.  • Created Typescript reusable components and services to consume REST API'S.  • Worked on Typescript Identifiers.  • Created a build process for different environments like develop, staging and production.  • Created build scripts using Maven and Grunt.  • Highly used Angular2/4 router to build single page applications.  • Written application level code to interact with APIs, Web Services using Ajax.  • Used GIT as a source code version control system.  • Developed local server using Node JS to run the application in lower environment.  • Conducted testing on created pages using JavaScript testing frameworks Jasmine, Karma.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, SAAS/LESS, Angular2/4, Node.js, Typescript, JavaScript, Bootstrap, Ajax, JSON, Git, Jenkins, Jasmine, Grunt. Front- end Web Developer Equifax - Alpharetta, GA October 2016 to December 2017 Description: Online cancel feature is available to Equifax customer through GCS PET-Member center portal, to cancel the subscription of the Product which the user has been enrolled in. The focus of cancellation is towards the core credit product. Similarly, the online cancellation facility is available for monthly subscribed products and for Annual products.    Responsibilities:  • Worked with HTML5, CSS, XML, JavaScript, Bootstrap, Angular 6 framework for developing web applications.  • Working with applications using Java, Angular 4/5/6 and React_JS.  • Designed the front- end applications, user interactive (UI) web pages using web technologies like HTML4/5, XHTML, CSS2/3, Node.JS, Angular 2/4/5/6, Responsive Web Design and Bootstrap.  • Developed the application using React_JS, Redux, Angular JS, and Angular 2/4/5/6, CSS3, Node.JS, and Bootstrap in a Test-Driven Development Environment.  • Involved in all phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) using agile methodology in the project including Requirement Analysis, Designing, Building, Unit testing, and Deployment.  • Worked on tracking tools such as JIRA for sprint planning, bug tracking.  • Experienced in using the latest HTML5 elements for video playback, content rendering, creating animations.  • Worked on React routing to enable navigation among different views of the SPA.  • Working on React Forms, Events, Routing and Keys and on creating reusable React components  • Along with Redux.  • Worked on the Angular framework, used its two-way data binding to achieve the feedback functionality from the user.  • Participated in development of a well responsive single page application using the Angular framework.  • Perform Unit Testing to validate that each unit of the software performs as expected using Karma framework.  • Performed various kinds of Protractor Automation (e2e testing) using Jasmine and Cucumber framework to make sure the navigation and Routing is performing as designed.  • Skilled in using REST API's web services to display the data in various forms of representation.  • Implemented Model View controller concepts using the Angular framework.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, Angular 4, React_JS, Redux, Groovy, Grails, AJAX, Responsive Web Design, Node.js, LAMP, JQuery UI, JSON, Atom, Photoshop, Flax, JavaScript, JSP, SASS, LESS, Agile methodology, GIT, Java, Spring MVC, REST API, MySQL, Python, AWS, Eclipse and Windows Front- end Web Developer FORD - Dearborn, MI July 2015 to September 2016 Description: Ford Motor Company's ONE WARRANTY SOLUTION (OWS) team has certified PBS Systems for Ford dealerships. Ford's new global warranty processing system provides Ford  Dealers with a new portal for entering, editing and receiving updates for warranty claims with Real time processing and feedback for DMS initiated claims. The Service Writing module in Auto soft FLEX DMS is designed to allow dealers to generate Ford specific warranty repair orders. Once the warranty claims are generated, Ford dealers use the Ford One Warranty Solution program to enter additional Ford warranty information.    Responsibilities:  • Proficient in HTML5, CSS, XML, Javascript, Bootstrap, AJAX for developing web applications.  • Skilled in Javascript functions for form validation, incorrect input checking and data cleaning/correction.  • Use of Angular framework to implement the concept of data binding.  • Use of jQuery components for generating database view to users.  • Implemented HTML5 geolocation API to get the geographical position of the user.  • Perform Unit testing and Integration testing for every component.  • Use of bootstrap to implement responsive design features.  • Created interactive websites and website features using JavaScript and jQuery/jQuery Ui.  • Used Angular 2 and Node js to develop single page applications.  • Wrote Page level code using JavaScript with Angular 2 framework along with JQUERY and other JavaScript libraries.  • Added routes to different components of Angular 2 for single page web applications.  • Creating interactive prototypes using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript front end code from a combination of wireframes, visual designs and design standards.  • Utilized Adobe Fireworks, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Dreamweaver and Illustrator for the front- end development such as graphics and multimedia's.  • Converted existing websites to Responsive websites.  • Used Jasmine to perform unit testing of custom filters, custom directives and various parts of Angular application.  • Worked with applications on virtual machines, connecting and integrating them.    Environment: Java/ J2EE, Spring, REST API, HTML5, CSS3, JQuery, AJAX, Responsive WebDesign, Jasmine, Angular 2, Node.js, JQuery UI, JSON, Dreamweaver, Photoshop, Flax, JavaScript, JSP, SASS and Windows. UI Developer AT&T - San Ramon, CA April 2014 to June 2015 Description: AT&T Inc. is an American multinational conglomerate holding company headquartered at Whitacre Tower in Downtown Dallas, Texas.    Responsibilities  • Website Development, maintenance and content addition using HTML5, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript.  • Development, Debug and Knowledge skills for HTML5, Javascript, jQuery, Angular and use them.  • Hands-on experience with creating responsive websites utilizing Grid system concept.  • Wide knowledge on using Developer tools to test and fine tune the web pages.  • Utilized Angular framework to bind HTML5 template (views) to JavaScript object (models).  • Developed Angular controllers, views and services for new website features.  • Involved in working with various features of AngularJS design responsive web applications.  • Experience writing Angular code for developing Single Page Application (SPA), used several built-in directives, expressions and modules.  • Used Angular 2 and Node_JS to develop single page applications.  • Wrote Page level code using JavaScript with Angular 2 framework along with JQUERY and other JavaScript libraries.  • Added routes to different components of Angular 2 for single page web applications.  • Creating interactive prototypes using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript front end code from a combination of wireframes, visual designs and design standards.  • Utilized Adobe Fireworks, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Dreamweaver and Illustrator for the front- end development such as graphics and multimedia's.  • Converted existing websites to Responsive websites.  • Used Jasmine to perform unit testing of custom filters, custom directives and various parts of Angular application.  • Worked with applications on virtual machines, connecting and integrating them    Environment: Java/ J2EE, Spring, REST API, HTML5, CSS3, JQuery, AJAX, Responsive Web Design, Jasmine, Angular 2, Node.js, JQuery UI, JSON, Dreamweaver, Photoshop, Flax, JavaScript, JSP, SASS and Windows. Web Developer United Airlines - Chicago, IL January 2013 to March 2014 Description: United Airlines, Inc., commonly referred to as United, is a major American airline headquartered at Willis Tower in Chicago, Illinois. United operates a large domestic and international route network, with an extensive presence in the Asia-Pacific region.    Responsibilities:  • Responsible for creating an efficient design and developing UI with HTML, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX.  • Develop Website Architecture and layout based on the client requirements  • Implemented mobile-friendly and responsive web applications using twitter Bootstrap framework.  • Tested cross-browser functionality and fixed major layout bugs for supported browsers.  • Experience on modern front- end template framework of JavaScript including jQuery, Angular.  • Worked in the Agile/Scrum development environment with frequently changing requirements.  • Expertise in testing and debugging innovative programs using Developer Tools.  • REST - the standard HTTP Request and response mechanism, simplifying implementation and providing for a looser coupling of the client and the server.  • Involved in using GIT for project management and version control.  • Designed screens in IOS using storyboard and segue.  • Designed screens in Android using XML.  • Used layouts like linear, relative and grid.  • Designed overlay screens for Help using GIMP.  Environment: HTML, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, Twitter Bootstrap, jQuery, Javascript, Angular framework, MVC. Front- end web Developer Amdocs - Chesterfield, MO October 2011 to December 2012 Description: Amdocs is a multinational corporation that was founded in Israel and currently headquartered in Chesterfield, Missouri, with support and development centers located worldwide. The company specializes in software and services for communications, media and financial services providers and digital enterprises.    Responsibilities:  • Good experience in Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) of developing and designing user experienced Web applications using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, and AJAX.  • Responsible for checking Cross Browser Compatibility, Responsive Web Design and hence worked on different browsers like Safari, Firefox, Google Chrome and Internet Explorer.  • Expert in developing of Web pages for different devices like Mobile, Tablet and Desktop using Twitter Bootstrap.  • Experience in working with CSS properties such as Background, Layouts, positioning, text, border, margin, padding, tables, classes, Pseudo-elements.  • Created and implemented a custom CSS grid system, with CSS media queries for mobile responsiveness.  • Designed logos, brochure and static websites according to client's specifications.  • Strong experience in various IDEs like Eclipse, Sublime text, Visual studio code, Notepad++.  • Demonstrated the ability to work diligently under pressure to meet deadlines.  • Managed all stages of Website creations such as Initial design, development, deployment, and management of Web sites.  • Prioritized and fixed site-related problems and took the initiative to implement new features based on feedback from users.    Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, Twitter Bootstrap. Education Bachelor's Skills C++, FIREBASE, Git, HTML, JAVASCRIPT, BOOTSTRAP, JSON, VS CODE, SVN, AJAX, CSS, nginx, ECLIPSE, JAVA, jQuery, JIRA, SELENIUM, MYSQL, ORACLE, CMM Additional Information IT Skills  • Programming: C, C++, Java, JavaScript, Type Script, HTML, CSS  • Web Technologies: HTML, CSS3, Angular Framework, Angular Material, Bootstrap, AJAX, JQuery, JSON, Firebase Integration  • Databases: Oracle, MySQL, Mongo_DB, Google's Fire store  • Test Tools: Selenium  • Application Servers: Apache, Nginx, Google's Cloud  • Authentication Methods: Google's Authentication, JWT, SRP  • Quality Assurance: Six Sigma, CMM Level 3  • Operating Systems: Windows, Linux, MacOS  • Development Tools: Eclipse, VS Code  • Source Control: Git, SVN, Gitlab  • Process Tools: Jira, Red mine, Gitlab  • CLI Tools: curl, wget, Open SSL