Front End Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End Developer - GEICO Jersey City, NJ • 7 years of IT Experience as a Front- End UI developer in developing applications in various domains like E-commerce, Mass media, Hospitality and Insurance.  • Experience in building the end-to- end application using MEAN stack.  • Proficient in creating single page applications using AngularJS 1.X, AngularJS 2/4.  • Proficient in developing Angular 2.0 /4.0 app using Components, Observables, pipes, Reactive Forms, Router Guards and Lazy Loading.  • Good knowledge of implementing concepts like Closures, Prototypes and Promises of JavaScript.  • Used JavaScript libraries like jQuery v3.3.1 for DOM manipulation, event handling and Ajax.  • Strong experience of creating REST APIs in Node.js, ExpressJS as a Middleware and Mongoose as ODM to perform database operations with MongoDB.  • Hands on experience in consuming Web Services and authentication using JSON Web Tokens and OAuth 2.0.  • Expert in creating the responsive User interface using media queries in CSS3 and Bootstrap3.  • Experience in using CSS preprocessors SASS or LESS framework to create dynamic style sheets, minimize complexity and avoid duplication in CSS styles.  • Good knowledge of both relational databases (RDBMS) such as SQL, Sqlite3 and NoSQL databases such as MongoDB v3x.  • Have basic knowledge in Data structures, and Object-Oriented Programming Languages like python, Asp.net.  • Strong Object-Oriented Analysis and Design (OOAD), ERD documentation, UML modelling with ASP.NET projects • Experience in working with MVC framework.  • Good Experience in Data Visualization tools like D3.js and Angular Fusion Charts to display graphs.  • Experience in unit testing tools using Jasmine, Karma in TDD environment • Experience in version control tools like GIT.  • Strong knowledge on GRUNT and GULP task runners, used for image compression.  • Hands on Experience in Continuous Integration (CI) and Continuous Deployment (CD) using Jenkins.  • Experience in various IDEs, Dreamweaver, Notepad++, Eclipse, Sublime text editor, Visual Studio, Visual studio code and Visio.  • Strong analytical and programming skills to develop effective complex business solutions Work Experience Front End Developer GEICO - Chevy Chase, MD September 2017 to Present Online Claim System    The GEICO company provides the insurance services such as vehicle, property, business and more. Online Claim is a role-based application system used by agents, customers and internals of GEICO group to handle the claim process. The purpose of this system is to provide an easy and fast way to claim on their respective policies online.  Insurance service has many modules like account, policy and documentation, payment, offers, claim etc. From which I used to work on the claim module. The claim module provides services like claim a report, report glass damage, road-side help and managing the claim.    Responsibilities: • Developed MEAN stack application using Angular 4.0 with expertise in creating User interface.  • Created different forms for based on reactive from modules which provides validations using ng-pristine, ng-dirty, ng-untouched and ng-touched • Created TypeScript reusable components and services to consume REST APIs using Component based architecture provided by Angular 4.0.  • Managed subscriptions, event listeners using lifecycle hook of an Angular 4 app component.  • For rendering data between nested components and used @Input and @Output decorators for event and property binding.  • Used observables and subjects to handle asynchronous data streams using Reactive Extensions (RxJS).  • ngIf and else directives are used to manage different incident types.  • Route guards are used for security perspective. canActivate is used for authentication. I also implemented lazy loading, AOT of angular 4.0.  • Created RESTful APIs using NodeJS for getting and posting the details for claiming process with express middle ware and mongoose ODM.  • Designed dynamic and multi-browser compatible Web pages using HTML5, CSS3 and Bootstrap.  • Used CSS prefixes, media queries and CSS preprocessors for creating responsive page designing.  • Involved in developing project under AGILE software development methodology.  • Tested sample data-sets to check if the output from the program is as intended using Karma (Test Runner) and Jasmine (Testing Framework) within Test Driven Development (TDD) environment, GIT as version control, bug tracking application such as JIRA and automation software like Jenkins for Continuous integration.    Environment:  HTML5, CSS3, Typescript, Bootstrap 3.X, jQuery, Angular 4.0, SASS/SCSS, AJAX, JSON, NodeJS 7.X, ExpressJS 4.X, MongoDB 3.X, Mongoose, Agile, TDD environment, Jasmine, Karma, GIT UI Developer Blue Apron Inc - New York, NY January 2014 to August 2017 Meal Companion Delivery System    Description:  Blue Apron Inc. is an American ingredient-and-recipe meal kit service. It also offers e-commerce services to purchase online grocery along with the vessels and wines.  The scope of the project was to build a Meal Companion Delivery System which delivers customized meals, vessels, meal ingredients and wines to the customers. The project holds mainly two modules as Meal, Gifts, Wines and Market. The meal plans were categorized based on the serving size and family members. I was worked on the market module, it was designed in such a way that it can show the essentials from the lists of vessels, meal ingredients and wines, where customer can place an order.    Responsibilities: • Used Angular 2.0, NodeJS, Express.js and MongoDB to build market module.  • Configured the routing options using the Router module from Angular 2.0 to implement the feature module routing along with the Guards to protect the routes with canActivate method.  • Used nested components from Angular 2.0 to build the landing page which includes the sub-navbar and the list of items based on the certain categories.  • The list of items was fetched using the Angular Http module with the service.  • For scrolling the page to the category, I have implemented the attribute binding scroll events.  • Used Behavior Subject from RxJS to share the data between two sibling components.  • For adding the products to the cart, used the form with Template Driven Forms from Angular for better control of validations.  • To show the blue apron basket, used ngif with click event as well as @input and @output decorators with event emitter to communicate with nested components.  • The blue apron basket is holding several click events such as delete, item number, continue shopping and checkout options.  • Generated Shipping component form along with the reactive forms module with validations which does not allow the user to proceed further without completing the form.  • Responsible for creating REST APIs and created REST API using NodeJS as backend, ExpressJS as a Middleware and MongoDB as DB.  • The list of items was fetched using the Angular Http module with the service along with the Bootstrap class such as thumbnail.  • For the landing page component, I have used certain animations to build a fully-responsive slider, which shows product offers including each category.  • We were following Agile SDLC methodology, used JIRA for bug tracking and task assignment. Implemented Version controlling using GIT.  • Constructed test cases using Jasmine and Karma in TDD. Used Grunt to automate the repetitive tasks.  • Worked with a diverse team of product owners and UX designers in the fast-paced environment, with quick iterative cycles.    Environment:  Angular 2.0, HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap3, SASS, JavaScript, jQuery, JSON, AJAX, MongoDB (2.2.4), Express.js (4.14.0), Node.js (4.1.1), Grunt, Jasmine, Karma, Jenkins, JIRA, GIT UI Developer Blue Apron - Bengaluru, Karnataka April 2011 to December 2013 Account management system    Myntra is an Indian fashion e-commerce company headquartered in Bengaluru, Karnataka, India. It offers the way to sell the different products like fashion and lifestyle products. There are many types of products available like beauty, fragrances and clothing. The scope of the project was to re-engineer the account module and add a new gift card module.    Responsibility: • Involved in designing and developing the application using AngularJS 1.5, Bootstrap 3.3.0, JavaScript, JQuery, HTML5, and CSS3.  • Implemented application using MEAN stack technologies along with Mongoose Node Module for MongoDB data.  • Implemented AngularJS components like modules, controllers, built-in and customized directives, filters, services to build Model-View-Controller (MVC) architecture for the web application.  • Used Angular JS to create views performing two-way data binding that combining models to the DOM and synchronizing model with the server as a single page application.  • Involved in developing RESTful web services using Node.js and Express.js frameworks.  • Used AngularJS to consume the RESTful Web Services using AJAX services like $http to fetch data in JSON format.  • Designed and developed responsive Web Design using CSS Bootstrap, Media Queries, Integrated jQuery, jQuery UI plugins like dropdown, calendar and menu.  • Integrated D3.js to accomplish data visualization for reporting module.  • Designed table-less layouts using CSS and appropriate HTML tags and Implemented LESS framework to minimize complexity and avoid duplication in CSS files.  • Created and executed test cases in a TDD Environment and Involved in creating and executing Unit test cases using Jasmine and Karma and used version control tool GIT to manage the code repository.  • Involved in various phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) using Agile Methodology.    Environment:  HTML, CSS, AngularJS 1.5.5, jQuery, Bootstrap 3.0, Angular Fusion Charts, Node.js, Express.js, MongoDB, Mongoose, AJAX, RESTful Web Services, GIT, Agile, TDD Education Bachelor's