Python Developer Python <span class="hl">Developer</span> Python Developer - Wells Fargo Minneapolis, MN • 8+ years of industry experience working as a Full Stack Python Developer and Front end/UI Developer responsible in developing interactive web applications with valuable & intuitive user experiences.  • Worked with Python along with JavaScript to create scalable and robust common components which can be used across the whole framework.  • Developed web application using Python, Django, AWS, Flask, Jinga, WSGI, Nginx, Fabric, REDIS and MySQL.  • Involved in entire lifecycle of the projects including Design, Development, and Deployment, Testing and Implementation and Support.  • Cross browser compatibility testing and intellectual challenges in User Experience (UX).  • Familiar with JSON based REST Web services and Amazon Web services.  • Developed web-based applications with extensive use of Python 2.7, Django 1.4/1.3, JavaScript, jQuery, XML, CSS3, HTML5, DHTML.  • Worked on software development modules with knowledge of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC).  • Developed cutting-edge user interfaces and components using JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3, JSON and AJAX.  • Hands on experience in developing business processes and system solutions utilizing prototype development, system development and deployment.  • Extensive experience in various UI widgets using JavaScript libraries (jQuery) and developing rich Internet Applications.  • Thorough understanding of providing specifications using Waterfall, RUP or Agile Software methodology to modeling systems and business processes.    • Experience with Unit testing/ Test driven Development (TDD), Load Testing.  • Worked on an AJAX framework to transform datasets and data tables into HTTP-serializable JSON strings.  • Queried the data in MySQL using Stored Procedures, Triggers, Functions etc.  • Developed the required XML Schema documents and implemented the framework for parsing XML documents.  • Experience in writing/editing web content, technical and user documentation, business process analysis, process flowcharting and documentation.  • Experience in using Photoshop, Illustrator, Adobe Flash, SVN, Eclipse, MS Visio, SharePoint and Microsoft Front Page.  • Strong perseverance and diligence towards attaining challenging goals and possess good communication skills and quick learning ability.  • Excellent interpersonal and presentation skills and the ability to interact professionally with a diverse group, executives, managers, and subject matter experts.  • Experience with Agile methodology using TFS and Rally. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Python Developer Wells Fargo - Minneapolis, MN April 2017 to Present Description:  Worked on Wells Fargo framework development project for Store procedure creating components for Ads and credit card authorization mechanism.  Responsibilities:   • Created and helped deploy advertisements with AdvertServe.  • Used Estate and Google Analytics to analyze web traffic.  • Managed over 100 domains   • Started developing with Django 0.96 and currently developing with Django 1.0   • Deployed production sites using Apache 2.0 with mod_python   • Upgraded Python 2.3 to Python 2.5 on a RHEL 4 server, this required recompiling mod_python to use Python 2.5. This upgrade was necessary because because inlined models with UTF-8 characters were causing unexpected errors. Submitted a ticket to the Django project documenting this incompatibility with Python 2.3.  • Successfully migrated the Django database from SQLite to MySQL to PostgreSQL with complete data integrity.  • Using django_evolution and manual SQL modifications was able to modify Django models, while retaining all data, while sight was in production mode.  • AJAX with jQuery   • Worked very closely with designer, tightly integrating Flash into the CMS with the use of Flashvars stored in the Django models. Also created XML with Django to be used by the Flash.    Environment: Python, Django, mod_python, jQuery, JavaScript, AJAX, HTML/XHTML, XML Python Developer Toyota - Irvine, CA April 2015 to March 2017 Description:  Worked on creating internal framework components for crash testing and infotainment system data optimization. Created components for store location by mapping up the input to Google maps to show direction.  Responsibilities: • Built an AWS web application to analyze custom twitter trends.  • Built database structure and wrote PostgreSQL queries.  • Built Amazon AWS and REDIS servers for data storing.  • Built a web journal with Flask framework and Jinja templates.  • Built Instagram similar web application with Django, WSGI, Nginx.  • Built travel web application with Django, WSGI, Fabric, Nginx.  Project: Python/Oracle: • Configured two Ubuntu Open LDAP servers with replication.  • Configured Microsoft Active Directory Server • Configured Microsoft Domain Controller • Managed, developed, and designed a dashboard control panel for customers and Administrators using Django, Oracle DB, PostgreSQL, and VMware API call.  • Maintained Oracle, and Postgres DB's • Wrote multiple programs in Python to monitor virtual machine usage data using VMware API calls .  • Wrote a program to monitor Virtual Machine performance data using VMware API's.  • Wrote a program to use REST API calls to interface with Veeam backup server, and parse output reports of an excel file in Python to monitor customer backup usages.  Environment:Python, Django, AWS, Flask, Jinga, WSGI, Nginx, Fabric, PostgreSQL, REDIS, OracleDB, JQuery, JavaScript, AJAX, HTML/XHTML, XML JP Morgan Chase - San Francisco, CA May 2013 to March 2015 Front End Web Developer DirecTv - Mumbai, Maharashtra June 2011 to April 2013 Description:  Worked on Sales CRM Application to create a Shopping cart application for DirecTv products. This application allows users to contact sales service representative to get inner details about location specific deals and discounts along-with offering a quote for the product.  Responsibilities: • Worked in a team, involved in developing the UI, layout and front- end programming (HTML) for web application that matches requirements of the company.  • Excellent Coordination in project activities and ensure that all project phases are followed and documented properly.  • Extensively involved design discussions and user experience sessions to provide inputs on the layout and UX.  • Designed the front- end applications, user interactive (UI) web pages using web technologies like HTML, XHTML, and CSS.  • Developed non-functional HTML, CSS pages from the mock ups and involved in UI review with UI architect and Business Units.  • Developed GUI using JavaScript, HTML, DOM, XHTML, AJAX, CSS and JQuery in ongoing projects.  • Converted the mock-ups into hand-written HTML, CSS, XHTML, JavaScript, JQuery, AJAX, XML and JSON.  • Improved user experience by designing and creating new web components and features • Involved in complete SDLC - Requirement Analysis, Development, System and Integration Testing.  • Followed MVC Structure to develop Application.  • Handling cross browser/platform compatibility issues (IE, Firefox, and Safari) on both Windows.  • Managed application state using server and client-based State Management options.  • Coded Java Script for page functionality and Lightbox plugins using jQuery.    Environment:  HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Tomcat Apache, JQuery, JSP, Oracle, AJAX, SVN Python Developer Vitusa - Hyderabad, Telangana February 2012 to October 2012 Description:  Worked on UICC public project for Auto Loan and Home loan components with emphasis on creating web-services to provide data. Created applications for Payment and transfer project to optimize payment plans of businesses by using Django along-with BlueJs.  Responsibilities: • Worked with PYTHON, MYSQL, CSS, JavaScript, AJAX and XHTML to build a fully Web 2.0 compliant social networking website around online HD streaming video.  • Developed scalable applications.  • Developed applications using the Zend framework.  • Performed documentation and user training.  • Built key modules including photo gallery, blogging system, forums, profiles, articles, newsletters, email, chat and IM.  • Integrated third party software such as ImageMagic, TinyMceAJAX, IM.  • Wrote multi-thread scripts to obtain optimal performance.  • Used AJAX to reduce page reloads.  • Used the Model View controller(MVC) framework to build modular and maintainable applications.  • Wrote complex SQL queries.  • Created table-less design using CSS.  • Developed multi-page applications from beginning to end.  • Performed Flow Control, response to Front- End Request using PYTHON/MYSQL/AJAX.  • Conceived and created tables using MySQL 5.  • Created tables, stored procedures, triggers and views for data access and manipulation.  • Fixed bugs using Xdebug.  • Maintained code using SVN.    Environment: Python, Wordpress, MySQL, CSS3, JavaScript, AJAX, HTML/XHTML, XML, Zend framework, Drupal, SVN, Apache, Linux, Windows. Education Bachelor's Skills PHP, Android, MySQL, Javascript, ASP, Python, Django, mod_python, jQuery, JavaScript, AJAX, HTML/XHTML, XML (8 years) Additional Information " Technical Skills  Operating Systems Unix, Linux, Solaris, Ubuntu, Windows.  Languages Python, JavaScript, Java, C, PL/SQL, Shell Scripting, Perl, QT  Database MySQL, Oracle 10/11, SQL SERVER 2012/2008, MongoDB  Web Technologies HTML, XML, CSS, AJAX, JSON, Web Services(SOAP/REST).  Software Tools Eclipse, Intellij Idea, Make, GDB, DBX, Microsoft Visual Studio .Net 2008, MS Visio  Version Control Tools Git, CVS, Perforce