Senior Front- End Engineer Senior <span class="hl">Front</span>-<span class="hl">End</span> Engineer Senior Front- End Engineer - Capital One San Jose, CA ? Over 6+ years of IT experience including Web development, Database systems, web applications development using HTML, CSS, JAVASCRIPT, REACT, REDUX, VUE, AJAX, JSON technologies.  ? Involved in responsive design and developed a responsive website that could be served to desktop, Tablets and mobile users using REACT JS and REACT NATIVE.  ? Hands-on knowledge of JavaScript frameworks such as REACT JS and VUE JS.  ? Expertise in Responsive Web Application Design using CSS3 Media Queries and Bootstrap grid  system.  ? Expertise in creating page layouts using CSS/CSS3 and with the style sheet management  frameworks like SASS and SCSS.  ? Hands-on experience on developing the components using REACT needed for the application from scratch.  ? Proficient in Web Services, REST, SOAP, XML, CSS3, DOM, HTML5, AJAX and JAVASCRIPT, and jQuery.  ? Have extensive debugging and bug and issues fixing experience in React JS application, such as JASMINE, QUNIT, JEST.  ? Experienced in maintaining version control systems as SVN, GIT, website deployment.  ? Designing, developing and testing the web application by using the HTML5, CSS3, Material UI, ReactJS and Redux.  ? Familiar with creating Custom Reusable React Components Library.  ? Experience in package management like Webpack, Grunt as bundle tools  ? Proficient in Model View Control (MVC) design pattern  ? Experienced in database designing, development, and installation of different modules. Performed Back end development work using MySQL, JAVA, PHP.  ? Used JIRA to keep track of outstanding bugs to reduce downtime, increase productivity, and improve communication  ? Hands-on experience on Docker, Amazon Web services (AWS) technologies.  ? Involved in phases of software development life cycle (SDLC) such as Agile workflow.  ? Wide experience in using various IDE's, such as Eclipse, Visual Studio Code, IntelliJ.  ? Excellent Profound experience in cross-platform application development and maintenance with PHP development under Linux OS (Debian, Ubuntu, SUSE Linux, RedHat Linux, Fedora), Windows and MAC  ? Knowledge of security issues and best practices for building web applications. Work Experience Senior Front- End Engineer Capital One - San Francisco, CA September 2017 to Present Capital One UI for Credit Card System: Designed and created a UI for Web-based Credit Card System using React.js and Vue.js. The system included generation of balance statement, expense analyzing, credit score reporting, reward releasing and redeeming and payments scheduling.    ? Designed the front- end applications, user interactive (UI) web pages using web technologies like HTML, JavaScript, React, React Native, Redux, Vue, and CSS.  ? Developed responsive UI design using HTML, CSS, Material UI.  ? Developed reusable UI components and containers using React and React Native.  ? Implemented Redux framework for state management.  ? Used Higher-Order Component for reusing component logic.  ? Fetched data from server with AJAX and rendered with React-Vis.  ? Converted application using React Native to be compatible with iOS and Android.  ? Optimized the look and feel of React Native apps with CSS stylesheets.  ? Used React JS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, Redux, Animations, and Flux concept.  ? Worked on cross-browser compatibility including Safari, Internet Explorer, Firefox and Google Chrome.  ? Used Chrome Developer tool for debugging and Jest and Enzyme for testing.  ? Used Yarn to manage packages and Webpack as a bundler.  ? Used Git for version control and GitHub for team collaboration.  ? Worked in Agile process management and attended daily scrum meeting.  ? Web designing & development using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, React Js and Ajax.  ? Developed React Js pages, Web services calls and AJAX calls for the application.  ? Used in the development of the web application to bind the data/model that is being retrieved from a database through services provided in a controller to the view using the scope.  ? Implemented the Drag and Drop functionality using React -Draggable.    Environment: HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, SASS, React JS, React Native, Redux, JavaScript, Vue, Material UI, npm, webpack, git Sr. UI/ Front- end Developer Showtime Network - New York, NY November 2015 to August 2017 Showtime Networks is an American premium cable and satellite television network that released motion pictures and original television series, along with boxing and mixed martial arts matches, occasional stand-up comedy specials, and made-for-TV movies. This website provides a user-friendly and interactive interface for users to register and login to schedule the time to watch series, movies, and sports. I was responsible for designing and developing a dynamic and responsive internal website.    ? Developed web pages using HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, SASS, ES6, JavaScript, React.js, Redux.js, JSON, AJAX, and Bootstrap.  ? Developed responsive interface using Bootstrap and Sass.  ? Developed the SPA by using React.js and working with Redux.js architecture.  ? Involved in providing pseudo application level code to interact with APIs, Web Services using AJAX and JSON.  ? Debugged the website using Chrome Developers tool and manipulated the nodes using DOM functions.  ? Worked with NPM commands and using package. json for managing dependencies.  ? Used Gulp to compile and compress the files and used Webpack to bundle files.  ? Implemented different validation control on the web pages using JavaScript.  ? Used Redux in application to retrieve data from back- end and to also perform RESTful API.  ? Participated in code review and used Jest and Enzyme to do the unit test to ensure the quality of code and performance.  ? Optimized the content and collaborated with team members and controlled the versions using GIT.  ? Collaborated with the QA team to test and verify performance across browser and devices  ? Performed relevant debugging and testing in all stages of the software development cycle    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, ES6, Sass, Bootstrap, React.js, Redux.js, RESTful API, AJAX, JSON, GIT, Jest, Enzyme, Gulp, Webpack, Chrome Developers tool UI Developer Sharp Health Plan - San Diego, CA November 2014 to October 2015 The project is an online portal for providing health care finical plans using React.js and React Native. This online portal allows members to look for information about health care plans. Members can enroll in the insurance plan using an online portal. It has the register module, the payment module, the report module, etc. This web portal allows members to view the claims, change doctor and add new services.    ? Participated in developing webpage applications using HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap.  ? Using Jest, Enzyme and chrome inspector to debug JavaScript code and fix issues.  ? Implemented responsive web design using media queries and Bootstrap  ? Used latest tags in HTML5 and CSS3 to design webpages and user HTML local storage web application to store data.  ? Collected data and validated user input by creating forms in HTML5 and JavaScript  ? Used jQuery event handlers and call back functions bind with JavaScript source code to embedded nested handling logic.  ? Used jQuery for enhanced web application by adding CSS Animations like sliders and fade in fade out.  ? Did extensive JavaScript and jQuery programming to give AJAX functionality for the website.  ? Build-up the UI structure using NodeJS and NPM tool along with Gulp front- end building tools for easily organizing multi-page web apps into reusable packages.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, JSON, Node.js, MongoDB, Git Web Developer Sempra Energy - San Diego, CA July 2013 to September 2014 The project aims to build an internal application for the employee to keep track of customer information and activity (claim).    ? Successfully executed all the test cases and fixed any bugs that arose at the test level.  ? Participated in developing dynamic prototypes by using HTML, CSS and vanilla JavaScript from scratch to accomplish the business requirements.  ? Implemented various features such as navbar and footer by using jQuery plugins.  ? Adjusted layout by using the Bootstrap grid system that meets cross-device compatibility as well as accomplished the color scheme of the website using HTML5 and CSS.  ? Fetched and rendered appropriate JSON data from backend using AJAX.  ? Performed client-side validations with customized error messages using JavaScript.  ? Achieved the navigation bar, drop-down menus, and animation effect by using jQuery and Bootstrap.  ? Handled all aspects of the web application including maintaining, testing, debugging and deploying.  ? Managed version control with Git and GitHub.  ? Implemented the design and developing modules using Agile Methodology. Planned iteration for effective design and development of the Modules. Responsible for code optimization and fixed the cross-browser compatibility issues for IE, Chrome, Safari, and Firefox.    Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Bootstrap, jQuery, AJAX, JSON, XML, Git. Front- End Developer Groupon - Chicago, IL December 2012 to May 2013 I was responsible for implementing their Design and build the Website architecture and User-friendly layout and other functions.    ? Developed the user interface pages using HTML, DOM, CSS, JSON, JavaScript, jQuery, Ajax  ? Used jQuery core libraries for the logical implementation part at the client-side of the website.  ? Provided enhanced user experience for mobile applications by working with the mobile development team.  ? Involved in writing jQuery-based Ajax requests using jQuery.get(url, data, success, type) and jquery.post(url, data, success, type)  ? Used jQuery events to manipulates the elements based on the user interaction like ready (), hover(), click(), mouse over() and key press().  ? Used jQuery to traverse through the DOM and access the nodes.  ? Used jQuery plugins for Drag and Drop, widgets, menus, forms, and user interfaces.  ? Created adaptable and maintainable CSS3 style sheet using Sass  ? Performed client-side validations with customized error messages using JavaScript.  ? Committed code change into the repository by using version control tool Git and GitHub.  ? Successfully executed all the test cases and fixed any bugs that arose at the test level.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, JSON, GIT, Chrome Element Inspector, IE tester Education Master of Science in CS-EE University of Southern California Skills C++, Git, Html, Javascript, Bootstrap, Front End, UI, Front-End, React Links https://github.com/ChloeQu34