Front End Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End Developer - CVS Miami, FL • 8 years of developing product and information architecture using SDLC i.e. Requirement Analysis, Design, Implementation and Testing • Extensive experience in developing professional UI web applications and front- end technologies like HTML5, CSS3, AngularJS, JavaScript, jQuery, JSON • Good Understanding of Document Object Model (DOM) and DOM Functions • Hands on experience in UI development process such as Analysis, Development and Testing, and associated methodologies • Strong experience with jQuery, jQuery plugins (Validator, Drag and Drop, AutoComplete), AJAX, Dynamic HTML (DHTML) and JSON • Experienced in designing Using Web Standards, experienced in Designing table-less layouts • Experience with Firebug for Mozilla and IE Developer Toolbar for Internet Explorer • Coded and designed solutions to open-ended business requirements using AngularJS &ngModules • Sound Understanding and good Experience with Object Oriented Concepts, Object Oriented JavaScript, Object Oriented Design and Implementation • Solid working experience in various IDE's: Notepad++, Sublime, Eclipse etc • Solid understanding and experience with Agile Methodologies: Sprint planning, Scrums and JIRA Task Board • Experience on developing latest version of Object Oriented JavaScript Libraries like Angular. Js • Hands on experience with Web Responsive using Bootstrap's templates • Used SVN for version control and Clear Quest for bug fixing • Excellent interpersonal abilities, communication skills, time management and Team skills with an intention to work hard to attain project deadlines under stressful environments • Worked closely with the project management and marketing team to completely define specifications to help ensure project acceptance.  • Involved in Understanding functional specifications and developing creative solutions to meet business requirements Work Experience Front End Developer CVS January 2018 to Present Project Description: Minute Clinic video visit  CVS has Minute Clinic video visits, a Telehealth offering, will provide patients with access to health care services 24 hours a day, seven days a week from their mobile devices. Patients can receive care via Minute Clinic video visit, initiated through the CVS pharmacy app. A video visit can be used to care for patient's ages two years and up who are seeking treatment for a minor illness, minor injury, or a skin condition. Each patient will complete a health questionnaire, then be matched to a board-certified health care provider licensed in their state, who will review the completed questionnaire with medical history, and proceed with video-enabled visit. If it is determined the patient should be seen in person for follow-up care or testing, the provider will recommend that the patient visit a health care provider in their community, such as their primary care provider or a nearby Minute Clinic. A Minute clinic video visit is currently payable by credit card or debit card. Insurance coverage will be added to the experience in the coming months. The service is currently available in only few states and is expected to be available nationwide soon.  Responsibilities • Experience in handling Cross browser/cross domain Issues Knowledge in web Accessibility Concepts.  • Involved in Agile methodology process, bi-weekly sprints and daily scrums to discuss the development of the application.  • Developed single page applications and framed into mobile apps and mobile web.  • Knowledge on working with accessibility Issues which are compatible for both mobile web and mobile app.  • Developed web pages and integrated with the bcc services and interacted with marketing team.  • Experience in fixing bugs when angular code framed into mobile apps.  • Integrated with backend services to call the bcc slots from the client side.  • Worked on performance delay Issues in apps.  • Worked on analytical tagging for the web pages.  • Experience in routing the angular pages when framed into mweb, apps, desktop and iPad.  • Experience in using GIT version control system for tracking changes in the files.  • Experience in attending the story grooming sessions to discuss about the product analysis and development work for the next sprints.  • Worked closely with teams to provide bench-marked solutions to complex technical project requirements or client needs including technical design, problem resolution, implementation and operational issues.  • Worked on media queries for styling the application in both app and in desktop. Front End Developer Nielsen June 2015 to December 2017 Project Description:  Developed and implemented a dashboard for the client to display the monthly and yearly analysis of the company's sales and production. Have used Angular 4 to implement the AG-Grid to develop the grid-system populating the sales values. This application is used to study the sales of the company in the previous period and to properly estimate as expected sales over a period of time.  Responsibilities • Developed and implemented the client side application to populate the values derived from the previous sales records.  • Used Angular 4 to develop the application • Have used AG-Grid Plugin to lay the responsive grid-system with multiple rows and columns.  • Developed different graphs and maps to show the overall sales of the products by using d3.js.  • Customized various modules depending upon the users requirements.  • Experience on working with localization with angular4 for whole Application to translate into French Language based on browser compatibility.  • Knowledge on working with media query to use the Application in Tablets, mobiles • Analyze the response of JSON to update DOM.  • Resolved cross-browser layout issues and bugs. Front End Developer Clarity Connect Inc June 2012 to May 2015 Project description    Developed an Inventory System where the client requires to keep a record of the plants ordered by the customers and plants that are present to be sold. This app is a user friendly app and has customers from both USA and Canada, which requires to have both USA and CAD currency in use. This project needs high level understanding and Implementation of the calculations. Which are handled in the front end.  Responsibilities • Developed front end along with pages for user interactions; for the entire website using.  • Applied JQUERY core library functions for the logical implementation of all the applications at the client side • Used JQUERY and AJAX for service calls on pages to interact with the server for information • Used AJAX, JSON to send request to the server to check the functionality of the website • Testing the website on multiple browsers with their old as well as latest release, developed page layouts, navigation and presented designs and concepts to the clients and the management • Use of AngularJS ui-router for defining all application States (routes).  • Created Multiple Views as well as Nested Views with the help of AngularJS ui-view &ui-sref.  • Created Multiple Re-usable UI Directives by defining AngularJS Directives, Attaching Event Listeners, Controllers & Updating DOM elements.  • AngularJS Factory, Services & Providers created for different modules of Users, Groups, and System & Entities etc.  • AngularJS ng-grid, ng-repeat used for showing Tabular Data.  • Implemented various $scope methods $watch (), $digest () and $apply () to implement two-way data-binding by using AngularJS.  • All the CRUD operations were performed with the help of AngularJS $http & $q to database.  • Utilizing Responsive web design to support usability in desktop, mobile, and tablet environments.  • On server side, created & used Restful Web API endpoints for database operations (CRUD) for this AngularJS project.  • Implemented and designed user interface for web based customer application • Developed components to fetch the data from the back end using AJAX and JQUERY    Environment:HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, AJAX, JSON, JIRA, Angular.js 1.5, Bootstrap, GIT, Source tree, Vagrant, Gulp, Bitbucket, workbench, SQL. User Interface Developer Verizon - Tampa, FL January 2010 to May 2012 Project Responsibilities   • Closely worked with business system analyst to understand the requirements to ensure that right set of UI modules been built • Wrote application level code to perform client side validation using jQuery and JavaScript.  • Involved in creating HTML 5 templates • Designed the front end applications, user interactive (UI) web pages using web technologies like HTML5, XHTML, and CSS3 • Defined new validations through Angular.js for the form field validation implemented through HTML5 • Using advanced level of jQuery, AJAX, JavaScript, CSS and pure CSS • Maintain the code base by frequent updates to revision control using SVN • Structured the JavaScript code using Angular.js • Performing code review and unit testing • Identifying and fixing the browser/performance related issues in the application    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript (Libraries: jQuery), AJAX, JSON, Angular JS, Bootstrap. Education Bachelor's