Sr. Front- End Developer Sr. <span class="hl">Front</span>-<span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Sr. Front- End Developer - WALMART New York, NY Around 10+ years of experience as a UI engineer with wide learning of web applications. Knowledge in the open source advances and employments of JAVASCRIPT, AngularJS, Angular2/4/5/6, React.JS, Bootstrap, AJAX, jQuery, JSON, JSP, NodeJS, XHTML, DHTML, XML, CSS 2/3, DOM, DOJO and Web Pack. Strong Experience in organizing and working up the business web applications by "Hand-Coding" methodology with the help of HTML, HTML5, DHTML, XHTML, XML and CSS3 subject to the W3C standards.  • Expertise in making Single Page Applications (SPA) and making Custom Directives, Filters and Factory, Provider, Service works in Angular2 to reuse sections in different bits of the application.  • Good knowledge of making GUI based application using Swings and Java Applets. Designed UI modules using AngularJS, NodeJS, JAVASCRIPT and jQuery, CORDOVA, CSS3 and HTML5.  • Good knowledge on making organizations with Angular 4 @injectable property, as to make the service available for dependence injection while making components.  • Moderate working foundation on CSS Pre-Processor LESS, SASS, Media Queries using mix ins, functions, custom lattice structures following object oriented modular CSS patterns; Working with complex CSS Layouts, Positioning, Key packaging Animations and Pseudo Elements nearby JAVASCRIPT task runners like Grunt JS.  • Great working background with MVC and View Model examples in making and, managing views, halfway perspectives, web API's utilizing ASP.NET MVC, custom error pages.  • Worked closely with back end group to execute AJAX call to REST APIs and update dynamic functionality of HTML in Angular 5.  • Solid involvement in working a shot at modern full stack JAVASCRIPT condition like MEAN (Mongo, Express, Angular, Node) for designing single page applications.  • Skill in building solid websites affirming Web 2.0 measures utilizing Yahoo User Interface (YUI) Framework, jQuery, HTML, XHTML, DHTML and CSS to create valid code and table-free destinations  • Experience utilizing ECMASCRIPT 6 with React.JS and transpiration of ES6 to ES5 utilizing Babel.  • Experience in Vue.JS for building apps and declarative templates with data-binding, created some custom directives in the application.  • Worked extensively on Responsive design using Angular 6 Components.  • Played around Higher Order Functions or lambda programming in JAVASCRIPT to implement pure functions in Redux as well as Redux such as Map, Reduce, Filter, Spread, Operator and Object. Assign for cloning an existing object.  • Experience in implementing Component life cycle engineering, store activities, utilizing socket.io in React-Redux application to deal with constant information, introducing React Router, Thunk Redux for API brings in React JS.  • Experience Building Hybrid Applications utilizing Apache Cordova and Phone Gap, which incorporates systems frameworks for Front End development, for example, jQuery Mobile and jQuery.  • Experience in using Node JS and Express to influence calls (To get, POST, PUT, DELETE) for activating or bringing information from Restful API's given by the backend team.  • Worked with Docker to effectively assemble, convey and run dispersed applications and give working framework level virtualization on Windows and Linux.  • Fixed the HTML errors in the Site Core content editor.  • Experience in Version Control tools like CVS, GIT, SVN and Clear-Case for Source Code variant administration.  • Working knowledge in cloud technologies EC2, S3, IAM and Load Balancers Tools/frames work puppet GIT, GitHub, Docker, WinSCP, putty.  • Worked with Relational and NOSQL databases like MongoDB, Oracle, PostgreSQL, IBM Informix and DB2. Hands on experience composing SQL Queries.  • Experience in designing Ext JS components like Grids, Toolbars, Panels, Combo-Box and Buttons.  • Strong knowledge on micro services, Docker containers.  • Experience in unit testing tools using Jasmine, Karma, Junit, Mocha, Chai, Protractor and Selenium unit testing framework alongside TDD condition and mastery in Web pack, Gulp and Grunt.  • Engaged in using different IDE tools like Dreamweaver, WebStorm, IntelliJ, Notepad++, Eclipse, Sublime Text 2, Brackets, and Visual Studio.  • Pursued Waterfall and Agile/Scrum procedure of programming improvement, which fulfills the client through the early and persistent conveyance of profitable programming. Work Experience Sr. Front- End Developer WALMART - New York, NY March 2018 to Present Responsibilities:  • Participate in the full SDLC (Agile), including meetings, iterative development, estimations and design sessions.  • Developed all the UI pages Using HTML5, DHTML, DOM, CSS3, JSON, JAVASCRIPT, jQuery, AJAX.  • Made application functional using Angular.JS, SASS and Handlebars.  • Angular.JS models and scope and filters used in application and worked in deployment of applications.  • Consumed Rest based services from AngularJS using $http services.  • Single page applications using AngularJS, NodeJS, Gulp and Web pack (ES6).  • Interacted with Java controllers (JQuery, AJAX, MVC Frameworks (Ember) and JSON to write/read data from back end systems).  • Used regular expression for faster search results in combination with Angular2 built-in and custom pipes.  • Collaborated with designers to create responsive Single Page Applications (SPA) on with Angular 4 Routing. Good knowledge with migrating techniques from Angular 4 to Angular 5.  • We used Angular 6 Components for responsive design.  • Working on creating application based on Ember framework.  • Using Ember data for data modelling.  • Designed and built an isomorphic web application from scratch using ReactJS, Web pack, ES6 and Redux.  • Designed Prototype and project layout skeletons using ReactJS, JQuery and CSS/LESS and HTML.  • Used JQuery to make the HTML, DHTML and CSS code interact with the JAVASCRIPT functions to add dynamism to the web pages at the client side.  • Expertise in developing web-based applications using libraries and frameworks like AngularJS, Angular2/4/5, Bootstrap, jQuery, Node.js.  • Using Google analytics reports, optimized the page load time for the pages that had heavy traffic and improvised those pages using CSS.  • Used CSS Blueprint to create grids and adopt cross browser interactive features and to make the web pages more.  • Experience in incorporating and utilizing BDD / TDD / JAVASCRIPT unit testing frameworks (Jasmine, Mocha).  • Used GIT as configuration management tool for code versioning and release.  • Used JIRA Project Tracking Software to track issues.  • Good at Continuous Integration practices with Jenkins. Developed Single page application using Angular 5, Typescript and RXJS.  • Developed Single page application using Angular 5, Typescript and RXJS.  • Tested/ De-bugged on browser using Firebug, Chrome Developer tool and IE Developer tool.  • Tested/De-bugged on iPad using iPad Simulator and for Android Tablets using Chrome Simulator.  • Used all the advanced Photoshop features to create appealing visual web interfaces.  • Designated UI architecture for the internal web application and worked with designers to constructs conceptual Wireframes and Mockups.  • Used JIRA to update the task details and logging work followed agile methodology for development life cycle.  • Performed Unit testing on AngularJS applications using Karma and Jasmine.  • Used Maven script for building and deploying the application.  • Used Grunt to minification, concatenation and linting.  • Successfully executed all the test cases and fixed any bugs/issues identified during the test cycles.  • Maintains compliance with federal and state regulations concerning employment.  • Worked on web pages compliant with W3C, ADA & Section 508 Compliance Standards.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, AJAX, JQuery, JAVASCRIPT, AngularJS, ReactJS, Bootstrap, Responsive Design, JSON, XML, DHTML, Firebug, 508 Standards. Sr. Front- End Developer UNITED AIRLINES - Chicago, IL May 2016 to February 2018 Responsibilities:  • Designed the front- end applications, user interactive (UI) web pages using web technologies like HTML, XHTML, CSS, JAVASCRIPT and Angular 4.  • Web designing & development using HTML5, CSS3, JAVASCRIPT, React JS and AJAX.  • Developed React JS pages, Web services calls, and AJAX calls for the application.  • Used React JS in development of the web application to bind the data/model that is being retrieved from a database through services provided in a controller to the view using scope.  • Used ReactJS in components like JSX, creating React components.  • Participated with end users and business analyst to understand the business Requirements.  • CSS styles were developed to preserve the uniformity of all the screens throughout the application and positioning of screen objects.  • Involved in creating Typescript reusable components and services to consume REST API's using Component-based architecture provided by Angular 5.  • Designed and developed web pages from mock-ups (PSD).  • Worked on Front end by using JAVASCRIPT.  • Developed user interface by using the React JS, Flux for SPA development.  • Implemented client-side Interface using React JS.  • Worked in using React JS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, Animations and Flux concept.  • Build React components and stand-alone functions to be added to any future pages.  • Developed a front- end application using React JS and FLUX architecture for internal team's productivity use.  • Involved in daily SCRUM meetings to keep track of the project status.  • Used web-based GIT repository manager with issue tracking features.  • Extensively used GIT for version controlling and regularly pushed the code to GitHub.  • Made the application responsive using Bootstrap and CSS Media Queries.  • Worked with CSS Icons, CSS Pseudo-class, CSS Pseudo-element, CSS Image Sprites, CSS background and CSS3 Shadows to give some additional effects.  • Checked cross browser compatibility issues and hence worked on different browsers like Google chrome, Internet explorer, Firefox and safari.  • Involved in implementing Queries to the backend MongoDB database using Http service to fetch JSON contract.  • Experienced in implementing CRUD database operation on such as MongoDB.  • Worked with Bit Bucket for recording the progress and later for version control.  • Used Jasmine and Karma as end to end testing tools for debugging and software quality insurance.  Environment: React.JS, HTML5, CSS3, SASS, JAVASCRIPT, JSON, AJAX, jQuery, NodeJS, D3.JS, MongoDB, Karma, Jasmine, CRUD, Redux, Agile, Scrum, React-Router, Flux, Bootstrap, Spring MVC, Spring Framework, Spring Boot, Spring Security, Restful, SQL, Gulp, Firebug, Fiddler. Front- End Developer GAP INC October 2014 to April 2016 Responsibilities:  • Involved in design, development and testing phases of project.  • Developed very rich user interface with Angular 4, HTML 5, CSS 3 and Bootstrap, Media queries, AJAX for template design.  • Followed agile software development practice paired programming, test driven development and Scrum status meetings.  • Converted raw images and layouts from a graphic designer into CSS/HTML themes.  • Followed Web Accessibility Guidelines while coding the website.  • Implemented client-side validations in registration forms, login and logout forms using Java Script.  • Using Angular 4 factory to do AJAX call to get data from the restful web server.  • Extensively used JQUERY, JSON, AJAX and DOM scripting to create interactive web applications like message posting and auto complete form validations.  • Used jQuery for interaction between JAVASCRIPT and HTML.  • CSS styles were developed to preserve the uniformity of all the screens throughout the application and positioning of screen objects.  • Using Angular JS controllers for two-way data binding between product components and data objects.  • Worked with the design of the templates and skins in CSS.  • Used Web Developer, Firebug, and IE developer toolbar for debugging and browser compatibility  • Adopted a cross browser and cross platform approach to make the website more versatile and Supportive.  • Been an active collaborator, helped in fixing bugs and conducted troubleshooting.  • Worked in using React JS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, Animations and Flux concept.  • Build React components and stand-alone functions to be added to any future pages.  • Adhered to corporate standards with respect to problem, change and configuration management  • Worked on Responsive Designing for websites for Desktops, Tablets and Mobiles.  • Extensively used GIT for version controlling and regularly pushed the code to GitHub.  • Thoroughly performed unit testing and integration testing.  • Worked with Bit Bucket for recording the progress and later for version control.  • Used Jasmine and Karma as end to end testing tools for debugging.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, React JS, Angular JS, JAVASCRIPT, Bootstrap, jQuery, JSON, REST APIs, GIT, MongoDB, Jasmine, Karma, Bit Bucket, VS Code. Front- End Developer ANTHEM INC - Norfolk, VA February 2013 to September 2014 Responsibilities:  • Designed the front- end applications, user interactive (UI) web pages using web technologies like HTML, XHTML, CSS, JAVASCRIPT and Angular 4.  • Web designing & development using HTML5, CSS3, JAVASCRIPT, React JS and AJAX.  • Developed React JS pages, Web services calls, and AJAX calls for the application.  • Used React JS in development of the web application to bind the data/model that is being retrieved from a database through services provided in a controller to the view using scope.  • Used React JS in components like JSX, creating React components.  • Participated with end users and business analyst to understand the business Requirements.  • CSS styles were developed to preserve the uniformity of all the screens throughout the application and positioning of screen objects.  • Designed and developed web pages from mock-ups (PSD).  • Worked on Front end by using JAVASCRIPT.  • Developed user interface by using the React JS, Flux for SPA development.  • Implemented client-side Interface using React JS.  • Worked in using React JS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, Animations and Flux concept.  • Build React components and stand-alone functions to be added to any future pages.  • Developed a front- end application using React JS and FLUX architecture for internal team's productivity use.  • Involved in daily SCRUM meetings to keep track of the project status.  • Used web-based GIT repository manager with issue tracking features.  • Extensively used GIT for version controlling and regularly pushed the code to GitHub.  • Made the application responsive using Bootstrap and CSS Media Queries.  • Worked with CSS Icons, CSS Pseudo-class, CSS Pseudo-element, CSS Image Sprites, CSS background and CSS3 Shadows to give some additional effects.  • Checked cross browser compatibility issues and hence worked on different browsers like Google chrome, Internet explorer, Firefox and safari.  • Involved in implementing Queries to the backend MongoDB database using Http service to fetch JSON contract.  • Experienced in implementing CRUD database operation on such as MongoDB.  • Worked with Bit Bucket for recording the progress and later for version control.  • Used Jasmine and Karma as end to end testing tools for debugging and software quality insurance.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, React JS, Angular JS, JAVASCRIPT, Bootstrap, jQuery, JSON, REST APIs, Angular JS, it, MongoDB, Jasmine, Karma, Sublime. Front- End Developer REGAL HOME INSPECTION - COLTS NECK, NJ, US November 2011 to January 2013 Responsibilities:  • Created HTML, CSS, JAVASCRIPT, DHTML pages for Presentation Layer.  • Involved in developing of design documents with UML class diagrams.  • Implemented various Search Engine Optimization techniques as metadata, building inbound link, and outbound link text, meaningful title while designing web pages.  • Used jQuery to make the HTML, DHTML and CSS code interact with the JAVASCRIPT functions to add dynamism to the web pages at the client side.  • Involved in JAVASCRIPT coding for validations and passing attributes from one screen to another.  • Applied client-side validations using JAVASCRIPT and jQuery.  • Used Struts Tag Libraries to develop the JSP pages.  • Implemented various J2EE design patterns like DAO pattern, Business Delegate, Singleton etc.  • Developed Ant scripts to configure and deploy the application.  • Built HTML5 and CSS system for controlling text display issues cross-platform and cross browser.  • Used Firebug and IE Developer Toolbar for debugging and browser compatibility.  • Increased developer productivity by using efficient programming methodologies and local development.  Environment: HTML, CSS, JAVASCRIPT, jQuery, JSON, AJAX, Windows. Web Developer ONADS COMMUNICATIONS - Bengaluru, Karnataka May 2010 to October 2011 Responsibilities:  • Used Angular2 as the development framework to build a single-page application and to create more interactive front- end development.  • Leveraged PrimeNG UI components as needed for faster development turnaround time.  • Coded Business Logic component using PHP.  • Developed UI using JavaScript, HTML, CSS, JavaScript validations and XML.  • Implemented applications in JavaScript and MYSQL.  • Worked extensively with the File management and image libraries.  • Performed Client-side validations using JavaScript.  • Fixed bugs and provided support services for the application.  • Tested/Debugged web browser using Firebug.  • Managed and implemented all codes changes via SVN. Deploying builds across development, staging and production instances and maintained code integrity.  • Created an inline-edit and widget-collapse feature for the web page.  • Performed graphical design and web site contract work for small business and working professionals.  • Met one-on-one with clients in exploring the best possible options for their web presence.  • Handled duties ranging from creative design to code implementation.  Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Firefox Firebug, Sublime Text Editor. Education Bachelors in Computer Science in Computer Science Gitam University Vizag 2010 Skills Ajax. (7 years), Angular.js (1 year), Bootstrap (6 years), Css (9 years), database (3 years), Frameworks (1 year), Html. (9 years), http (3 years), Java (2 years), Javascript (9 years), jquery (7 years), Json (7 years), Mysql. (1 year), Php. (1 year), Sass (3 years), Subversion. (1 year), version control. (5 years), web server. (1 year), Web services (3 years), Xml (2 years) Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:    WEB TECHNOLOGIES HTML 5, CSS 3, JAVASCRIPT, AJAX, JSON, PHP, XML, XHTML, XSLT, Bootstrap, SASS, YEOMAN, GULP, GRUNT, WEBPACK, BOWER.  JS LIBRARIES & FRAMEWORKS  jQuery, AngularJS, Angular2&4, Backbone.JS, ionic3, React.JS, NodeJS, Express.JS, Ember.JS, Require.JS, Dojo, Ext.JS, Chart.JS, Vanilla JS.    BUILD TOOLS Maven, Ant, Jenkins, Gradle.  IDE TOOLS & EDITOR Net Beans, Eclipse, Visual Studio, Web Storm, X-Code, Brackets, IntelliJ, Vim, Sublime Text, Atom, Notepad++.  DATABASE Mongo, MySQL, NoSQL, Oracle 9i/10g/11g  DEBUGGING TOOLS Firebug, Bugzilla, Chrome Developer Tools, TIBCO.  OTHER TOOLS  Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Dreamweaver, Firebug, Chrome Development Tools, Docker, Browser stack, JS Hint, JS Lint, Windows Movie maker, MS Office.    WEB/APPLICATION SERVERS Restful Web Services, Apache Tomcat, HTTP Web Server, Jetty Server, Nginx, Web Logic.  VERSION CONTROL GitHub, Perforce, TFVC, CVS, Apache Subversion.  PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES C, C++, Java.