Senior Front- End Developer Senior <span class="hl">Front</span>-<span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Seeking Sr FED/Full Stack Opportunity Homewood, IL I am a skilled front- end professional with expertise implementing responsive, grid-based UI solutions. With a proven track record building an extensive variety of public-facing solutions, I have lots to contribute to the right environment.,     My experience coding HTML5, CSS3 and vanilla Javascript—and utilizing newer features that ES6 provides—has given me well-rounded Front End development experience. I understand the fundamentals of Javascript, and have built on that knowledge by learning and leveraging available Javascript libraries, frameworks (Bootstrap, jQuery). This allows me to produce quick-turnaround, stable and robust feature branches in an Agile environment. Learning and implementing new technologies is one of my strengths.     I’m very comfortable setting up a new project environment, working in GitHub, using Bash command line. My back- end experience includes around three years hands-on experience with Node.js, and working with numerous packages (hapi, express, ejs, mongo, body-parser) used to integrate server requests, APIs, database CRUD processing (SQL and NOSQL), RESTFUL server routes used in single page application (SPA) view rendering.    I’m looking forward to some exposure to React, Redux and Angular. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior Front- End Developer QsrSoft, LLC - Oak Brook, IL June 2015 to Present Produced Design Requirements documents to define workflow based on MVC concepts for several features eventually incorporated into the application. Workload includes coding of HTML5 semantic markup for the SPA, and integration of Bootstrap and CSS3/LESS to present and style web components - including detailed media query/break-point styling - to maintain expected responsive treatment for mobile, tablet, desktop and widescreen viewports.    Comfortable coding and troubleshooting vanilla Javascript, along side JS frameworks such as Bootstrap, Polymer, Node, Node packages, jQuery, Highcharts to deliver real-time, data-driven content for this Cloud-based application.    Expertise using JIRA for issue-tracking and GitHub, Git bash, for coding, code commits, code testing and using Jenkins for code deployments to the various environments. Comfortable using mySQL, Heidi, for creating db tables, modifying, troubleshooting SQL queries. Limited exposure to setting up server routing APIs, requests, callback functions and data handlers. Front End Developer Career Education Corporation - Schaumburg, IL August 2014 to May 2015 role in a Sitecore .NET framework. Produced hand-coded content from layered PSD comps. Created user stories for assigned workload (tasks). Responsible for sprint task scheduling, daily stand-ups, code bug fixes. Managed, implemented vendor content into Sitecore environment.  Completed website redesign and implemented Adobe Test and Target to monitor page performance and related marketing test campaigns. Managed workload of two FED developers and monitored progress via daily stand-ups.    Tools used: HTML5, CSS3, jQuery, Sitecore, Adobe Test and Target 'mboxes', Photoshop, Subversion Beyond Compare, Foundation/Bootstrap. Contractor, UI Developer Saggezza, Inc - Chicago, IL January 2014 to July 2014 Produced functional front- end HTML, LESS/CSS, JavaScript, and jQuery for a custom eCommerce, inventory management system as a member of a consultant team onsite at RR Donnelley. The application was developed in .NET using an Agile development methodology. This included two-week sprint cycles, writing JIRA user stories and completing code review and QA bug fixes. Show and tell sessions were held after each sprint to showcase and discuss progress.    Tools used: HTML5, LESS, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap, Asp.Net, Jenkins Contractor, UI Developer Quill Corporation - Lincolnshire, IL November 2013 to December 2013 Year- end holiday marketing campaign landing pages. Image editing, slicing layered PSD comps and producing HTML5, LESS/CSS, custom media queries in a .NET framework.    Tools used: HTML5, CSS3, jQuery, Bootstrap, Photoshop, Asp.Net Contractor, UI Developer Magnani Continuum Marketing - Chicago, IL May 2013 to November 2013 Chicago, Illinois May 2013 - November 2013  Worked with members of a digital team in the Loop as a contract consultant to complete a phased deployment cycle for a portal website, w/integrated CMS. Completed front- end design implementations using HTML5, CSS3 and jQuery with some custom JavaScript for this solution developed in a .NET framework. The mobile experience was created in GitHub, using PhoneGap to produce device-specific (Android/iOS, Blackberry) code base.  Hands-on experience/exposure with media queries, and cross-device and cross-OS testing. Implemented LESS (CSS pre-processor), CSS sprite master image file, jQuery custom scripting to manipulate the DOM and render database-driven article, journal publications content via a client portal site and related mobile browsing experience. Performed cross-browser testing and debugging based on design requirements and project scope.    Tools used: HTML5, LESS, CSS3, jQuery, JavaScript, Photoshop, PhoneGap Front End Developer Sears Holdings Corp - Hoffman Estates, IL April 2012 to May 2013 Hoffman Estates, Illinois April 2012 - May 2013  Functioned as one of two FEDs and six team members assigned to managing content updates for the www.searsoutlet.com website.  Performed review and update of JSP files to consolidate, reduce and streamline existing JavaScript, CSS and image files in this open-source, Java framework. Contributed to daily stand-ups and contributed to user stories and bug fixes in two-month rapid deployment cycles (sprints). Also provided guidelines for site/SEO optimization and performance. Produced functional HTML code and CSS image sprites from layered Photoshop files. Maintained, organized and managed existing image CDN, Akami server caching, JavaScript and related library files. Implemented the redesign of ecommerce shopping cart/checkout content. Implemented the Store Locator solution for 1,200 US store locations. Responsible for implementing redesign of product and inventory detail content. Completed the upgrade of Google Maps API from v2 to v3.    Tools Used: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, jQuery UI, .Net, Java framework, Tomcat, Maven and Apache, localhost, QA, Prod environments. UNIX command line scripts, Versions and Tortoise SVN manage the code base/revision. Full Time Employee - Front End Developer Band Digital, Inc - Chicago, IL November 2009 to April 2012 Worked with a team of front- end/back- end developers and creatives to produce high-visibility, fortune 500 client websites content for this interactive agency in the Chicago Loop. Scope of work included:  Site redesigns, Sitecore implementations, code development using Asp.NET/SiteCore, mobile sites, Visual Studio using .NET framework HTML, CSS, JavaScript and jQuery, product rating utility, Pluck, website 're-skins' email marketing campaigns website localization implementation.    Tools used: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, Pluck, Asp.Net, Sitecore, Visual Studio Education Associate Skills jquery, Content management, Git, Javascript, Bootstrap, Node.js, Jenkins, Html5, Mvc, Content management systems, Css, Sql, Jira, Ui, Sas, Version control, Photoshop, Seo, Workflow, Front End, React, Front-End, Angular, CSS3 Additional Information Technical Skills:    Agile workflow  Bootstrap 3, 4  Cascading Style Sheets (CSS)  Chrome Dev Tools  Content management systems (TFS, Sitecore)  Debugging  Git bash, bash profiles/aliasing  GitHub  GitHub repo, branching  HTML5, CSS3, Javascript, ES6,  Hapi server config  Javascript native  Javascript libraries  JQuery  Jenkins  JIRA  LESS CSS Preprocessor  Mobile/Responsive  MVC (Model, View, Controller concepts)  Node.js  Node packages  Node Package Manager  Node Version Manager  Photoshop  Responsive UI Development  SAS CSS Preprocessor  SEO  Sublime Text  SQL  Version control tools    Design Portfolio:  http://www.coroflot.com/watersigndesign