Front End Python Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> Python <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End Python Developer - BlueCross BlueShield Chicago, IL • I have 5+ years of experience as a Web/Application Developer with good understanding of technology trends with expertise in core of complex technologies.  • experience in developing web-based applications using python, Django, XML, CSS, HTML, Java, JavaScript, jQuery.  • Extensive experience in using Bootstrap, AJAX, JSP, JDBC.  • Familiar with JSON based Rest Web Services and Amazon Web services.  • Experience in working with Python ORM Libraries including Django ORM.  • Involved in the development of Web Services using SOAP for sending and getting data from the external interface in the XML format.  • Good experience in developing web applications implementing MVT/MVC architecture using Django, Flask and spring web application frameworks.  • Good experience of software development in Python (libraries used: Beautiful Soup, NumPy, SciPy, Matplotlib, Python-twitter, Pandas data frame, MySQL DB for database connectivity)  • Experience in analyzing and handling large database using Oracle Relational Data Architecture.  • Good experience in Play Framework with Scala.  • Good experience in working with various Python Integrated Development Environments like PyCharm, PyScripter, PyStudio, PyDev, Net Beans and Sublime Text.  • Experience in writing test plans, test cases, test specifications and test coverage.  • Followed Agile and Waterfall Methodologies (Scrum) involved in daily stand-up meetings.  • Expert knowledge and experience in object-oriented programming (OOP)  • Experienced in WAMP (Windows, Apache, MYSQL, and Python) and LAMP (Linux, Apache, MySQL, and Python) Architecture.  • Experience in Testing by validations through cyber security and to protect the data through OWASP strategies.  • Proficient in developing web-based applications using Python, Django, Flask, HTML, XML, JSON, CSS, Java Script & AJAX.  • Experience in Increasing speed and memory efficiency by implementing code migration to convert python code to C/C++ using python.  • Extensive experience in system analysis, design, development and implementation of web based and client/server application.  • Experience with Build Automation Tool Maven for writing the SCM Tools like Git, GitHub.  • Build Back- end support for Application from ground up using Python, Shell scripts & Perl.  • Good experience in handling errors/exceptions and debugging the issues in large scale applications Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Front End Python Developer BlueCross BlueShield - Chicago, IL January 2018 to Present Description: Worked on development of customer support and complains registration system. This is a Post sales and Customer feedback and complaints management system. Responsible for monitoring and supporting a great number of technical services. Responsible for monitoring and maintenance of a relational database system.  Responsibilities:  • Designed and developed the User Interface for the project using HTML, CSS, JavaScript and AJAX.  • Developed views and templates with Django's MVT (model, view and template) to create a user-friendly website.  • Worked on MVC architecture using PHP, Python as controller.  • Worked on packages like socket, REST API, Django.  • Experience in using collections in Python for manipulating and looping through different user defined objects.  • Involved in front end and utilized Bootstrap and Angular.js for page design.  • Created Business Logic using Python to create Planning and Tracking functions.  • Involved in building database Model, APIs and Views utilizing Python, to build an interactive web-based solution.  • Designed and created backend data access modules using PL/SQL stored procedures.  • Design and implemented custom Bash scripts for controlling the data flow from the PostgreSQL database.  • Wrote REST APIs, as part of developing web-based applications using Django REST framework.  • Responsible for debugging the project monitored on JIRA.  • Used Django Database API to access database objects.  • Worked with Level two support team, DBAs and infrastructure team to improve the efficiency and capacity of our system.  • Utilized Punit, the Python unit test framework, for all Python applications.  • Creating unit test/regression test framework for working/new code.  • Risk analysis for potential points of failure (database, communication points and file system errors)  • Extensive use of version controlling systems like GIT and SVN.  • Actively worked as a part of team with managers and other staff to meet the goals of the project in the stipulated time.  Environment: Python, Django, Flask, PHP, C++, HTML, CSS, jQuery, AJAX, XHTML, AngularJS, JavaScript, XML, GitHub, Flash, MYSQL, PL/SQL. Python Developer Sonata Software - Hyderabad, Telangana December 2015 to January 2017 Description: The project is to build the self-service business term search engine for the next generation data management so that it can be used for wide variety of cross-platforms within the organization.  Responsibilities:  • Involved in analysis, specification, design, and implementation and testing phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and used agile methodology for developing the application  • Upgraded existing UI with HTML, CSS, jQuery, and Bootstrap.  • Designed and developed, Use-Case Class and Object Diagrams using UML Rational Rose for Object-Oriented Analysis/Object Oriented Design techniques.  • Designed and developed data management system using MySQL. Built application logic using Python 2.7.  • Used Django APIs for database access.  • Developed RESTful services using Django.  • Designed and developed communication between client and server using Secured Web services.  • Developed and tested many features for a dashboard using Python, Java, Bootstrap, CSS, JavaScript, and jQuery.  • Designed and developed data management system using MySQL. Involved in Agile Methodologies and SCRUM Process.  • Participated in the complete SDLC process.  • Create and enhanced existing automated solutions.  • Parse JSON and XML data using Python.  • Responsible for debugging and troubleshooting the web application.  • Experienced in writing indexes, views, constraints, stored procedures, triggers, cursors and user-defined functions or subroutines in MySQL.  • Utilized Subversion control tool to coordinate teamwork.  • Used Selenium Libraries to write fully functioning test automation process.  Environment: Python, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, OOP, MYSQL, Java, JavaScript, jQuery, Rational Rose, Django, XML, JSON, SDLC, Agile. Python Developer Mavin Infotech - Hyderabad, Telangana October 2014 to November 2015 Description:  Responsible for dealing with the interchange of data between the server and the users. The essential concentration is the development of all server-side rationale, guaranteeing superior and responsiveness to demands from the front- end and responsible for incorporating the front- end components worked by our colleagues in the application.  Responsibilities:  • Responsible for analyzing various cross-functional, multi-platform applications systems enforcing Python best practices and provide guidance in making long term architectural design decisions.  • Coded model level validation using Python programming with emphasis in web security.  • Handled Business logics by backend Python programming to achieve optimal results.  • Implemented jQuery to improve the overall usability of the website interface and AJAX functionality to speed up web application.  • Developed views and templates in Django to create a user-friendly website interface.  • Configured Django to manage URLs and application parameters.  • Extensively used Python / Django Framework for developing backend of web applications.  • Used Django APIs for database access.  • Developed web services using Restful technology to support JSON and XML.  • Created new connections through applications for better access to MySQL database and involved in writing SQL & PLSQL - Stored procedures, functions, sequences, triggers, cursors, object types etc.  • Used Play Framework with Scala.  • Designed RabbitMQ/MongoDB pipeline for routing/storing of email bounce handling records.  • Implemented AJAX to update necessary section of webpages and hence, avoiding the need for reloading the entire web page.  • Developed and tested many features in an Agile environment using Python, Django, HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, Bootstrap.  • Creating and configuring virtual development environments with Chef and Virtual Box.  • Managed code with unit tests and GitHub.  • Developed Capistrano scripts to automate deployment on various environments.  • Used GIT as Source control repositories with regular code reviews and pull/merge requests.  Environment: Python 2.7, Django 1.7, CSS, HTML, Bootstrap, JavaScript, AJAX, jQuery, Pandas, MYSQL, Restful API's, Linux, Servlets, JavaBeans, SCRUM, Agile, Heroku, JIRA, GIT Jr. Python Developer Rational Technologies - Hyderabad, Telangana October 2013 to September 2014 Responsibilities:  • Worked in various stage of software development life cycle includes requirements, analysis, design, development, deployment and testing of an application for business outputs.  • Worked on web application development and deployment. - UI screens, security, logging, backend services.  • Written backend programming/routes in FLASK  • Created RESTful services to interact with fronted and backend.  • Designed front- end screens with HTML, CSS and Object-oriented JavaScript  • Used Gulp to compile uglify/minify and compress JS files.  • Involved in designing application system requirements and coded back- end and front- end in Python using Flask REST framework.  • Working in LINUX environment in developing the application and familiar with all its commands.  • Utilized urllib2 module to open URL, Extracted App details by parsing HTML source code using Beautiful Soup  • Used Python Library Beautiful Soup for web Scrapping to extract data for building graphs  • Working on Server-Side validations using REGEX sent response by using Json, by following the OWASP Strategies.  • To install the packages like gulp-bundle for Java Script through NPM  • Worked on developing web pages using JavaScript, HTML, CSS, JSON, XML.  • Used much Regular expressions in order to match the pattern with the existing one.  • Used AJAX to modify small portions of the web pages by sending a request to the server avoiding the need of reloading the entire web page and for transmitting JSON data objects between frontend and controllers  • Responsible for debugging and troubleshooting the web application.  • Used SQL Alchemy to filter the query by created models for the tables for the Database.  • Interactive in providing change requests, trouble reports and requirements collection with the client.  • Installed numerous Python packages using pip and easy install.  • Used Python requests modules like HTTP requests, response, methods.  • Unit Tested the application using PYTEST.  Environment: Python, Flask, HTML, CSS, JAVASCRIPT, AJAX, JSON, MYSQL, SQL Alchemy, REST APIS, Linux, Jenkins and GIT. Software Developer CGI - Hyderabad, Telangana January 2013 to August 2013 Responsibilities:  • Participated in the complete SDLC process and used Python to develop website functionality.  • Designed and developed the UI of the website using HTML, XHTML, AJAX, CSS and JavaScript.  • Developed entire frontend and backend modules using Python on Django Web Framework.  • Designed and developed data management system using MySQL. Built application logic using Python  • Used MYDQL for database access.  • Used Python to extract information from XML files.  • Participated in requirement gathering and worked closely with the architect in designing and modeling.  • Worked on installing and setting up the channels by using Django. Used JavaScript and JSON to update a portion of a webpage.  • Involved in gathering and analyzing system requirements.  • Performed joins, group by and other operations in MapReduce using Python.  • Followed Agile Methodologies to manage full life-cycle development of the project.  • Implemented monitoring and established best practices around using elastic search.  • Effectively communicated with the external vendors to resolve queries.  • Involved in doing AGILE (SCRUM) practices and planning of sprint attending daily agile (SCRUM) meetings and SPRINT retrospective meetings to produce quality deliverables within time.  Environment: Python, Django Framework, JavaScript, CSS, SQL, MySQL, LAMP, jQuery, Adobe Dreamweaver, Apache web server. Education Master's Skills CSS (5 years), HTML (5 years), MYSQL (5 years), PYTHON (5 years), DJANGO (4 years) Additional Information Operating Systems Unix, Linux, Ubuntu, Windows.  Programming Languages C, C++, Java, Python, R, Machine Learning, Scala, PL/SQL, CSS, HTML.  Databases Oracle, MySQL, SQL Server and PostgreSQL, MongoDB, NoSQL.  Frameworks Django, Flask, AngularJS, React, MVC.  Integration Tools Jenkins, IBM integration and Web Builder  Web Server Apache, Node JS, Tomcat, SOAP, Kafka  Defect Tracking JIRA, Bugzilla, and VersionOne  Cloud services AWS, Microsoft Azure, GCP, IAM.