Front end/Angular Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">end</span>/Angular <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front end/Angular Developer - V2Solutions Folsom, CA • Over 9+ years of Professional experience in developing a web based interface (UI) to provide best User Experience using Angular 6.x / 5.x /4.x / 2.x / 1.x, ReactJS, HTML4/5, CSS2/3, AJAX, JavaScript, NodeJS, BackBoneJS, RequireJS, and JQuery.  • Strong experienced with multiple JavaScript libraries such as, D3Js, high charts, mustache, handlebars, underscore. to develop single page application.  • Experienced in working with redux framework for data communication.  • Good experience on customizing CSS frameworks like Bootstrap and Foundation using CSS pre-processors LESS, SASS and Compass.  • Wrote unit and end-to- end tests using mocha, jasmine, and protractor.  • Experienced in making use of expanded HTML5 semantics and popular HTML5 APIs (e.g. audio, video, SVG).  • Extensive experience in working over Web Services with WSDL, SOAP, RESTFUL.  • Worked to develop fully responsive front- end features using Angular JS directives, controllers, factories, and services.  • Experienced in configuring client side development environments, build tools and tests utilizing modern client-side programming concepts (e.g. AMD, TDD, CI, Grunt, Git, SASS)  • Excellent knowledge of JavaScript, CSS3 and HTML5 and their behavior on different browsers.  • Extensive experience in developing web page quickly and effectively using jQuery, HTML5, CSS3, Responsive Web Design (RWD), Bootstrap and experience in making web pages cross browser compatible.  • Implemented Presentation layer using CSS Framework, Backbone, Angular JS, Knockout JS, Wire-framing, HTML5.  • Strong experience with jQuery plugins, Validator, Drag and Drop, AutoComplete, AJAX, and JSON objects.  • Worked on JavaScript framework (AngularJS) to augment browser based applications with MVC capability  • Experience in working with third party web services APIs and Web Services using AJAX and JQUERY.  • Great ability to write clear, maintainable, well-documented, well-commented and efficient code for web development.  • Hands on in application development in ASP.NET MVC using C# as the code behind language and ADO.NET and LINQ as the Database data consumer.  • Experience using AJAX to create interactive web applications, mainly focusing at increasing performance.  • Experience in designing User Interface using AJAX, HTML, CSS, XML, JavaScript and other Third Party Controls (Telerik Controls) to enhance the performance, looks and features of the website  • Participation in Software Development Life-Cycle (SDLC) preparing Requirement Specification documents, design documents, Test cases and Analysis, User Training documents and Technical Help documents.  • Worked closely with information architects, developers and others to produce a team-driven end product which leads to a top-notch user experience.  • Quick and independent learner, extremely motivated and adept at building strong working relationships with peers and management.  • Strong communication skills, with the ability to convey concepts/requirements between technical and non-technical stakeholders.  • Strong experience with Cross browser compatibility issues and optimization for web, including CSS sprites and best practices.  • Experienced in working with IDE's like Eclipse, IntelliJ IDEA and Net Beans.  • Extensive work experience in content management tools like Drupal, Word Press.  • Hands on experience in JavaScript, UNIX Shell Scripting, Ant/Maven Scripts and Log4J.  • Excellent skills in programming using wide variety of languages and ability to adapt new latest technologies & work in Multi-platform environment. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Front end/Angular Developer V2Solutions - Santa Clara, CA September 2017 to Present Description: V2Solutions is a global technology and product company serving the media and entertainment industry which provides digital supply chain and localization services to the largest media companies and online retailers.    Responsibilities  • Created a roadmap for UI to migrate into Angular 2 considering Typescript, components, directives, services, Observables, routes and router-outlets, dependency injections, versioning, webpack and the build process.  • Built Angular 2 components, UI services to consume rest services using Component based architecture provided by Angular 2.  • Followed Agile Methodology for the complete life cycle of the project  • Use tools like Google Charts and D3js to create different reports based on key performance indicators.  • Written unit test cases using jasmine karma angular typescript version, Making sure the code coverage is over 80%.  • Requirements elicitation process of gathering requirements from the stakeholders to understand customers needs.  • Documenting the requirements, then fractionated into multiple user stories and feature specifications by updating into Pivotal Tracker with the precise timelines.  • Designing Unified Modeling Language (UML) Sequence Diagrams to show how and in what order the objects in a system function.  • Walkthrough with peers on their development work and review of code by using Pull requests on GitHub.  • Maintain proper versioning of the code using GitHub version control tool.  • Integrated unit tests with deployments to ensure applications do not break after deployment.  • Before production deployment, perform 2-tier code testing. One in the development environment to check the functionality and second in QA environment to check data quality of the output data generated by the code.  • Write integration test cases to test proper handshaking of the code with server-side APIs developed by peers.  • Deploy the code in a production environment, post bug fixes, and testing all the modules.  • Perform regular maintenance of code to ensure coding standards are followed and improve code quality.  • Regularly refactor code to improve code readability and reduce complexity without impacting any external desired behavior. Regularly review code for any redundant dead/ commented - "for future use" blocks, for removal.  • Responsible for documenting various tasks and processes and regularly update them with end-to- end code process flow and design.  • Conduct knowledge transfer and troubleshooting sessions for team members.  • Responsible and trained the Offshore team for upcoming pipelined developments and recommend different approaches in code changes required to cater to the new business requirement change(s).  Environment: Angular 6/5/4, RXjs, D3js, Google charts, HTML5, CSS, SASS, Front end Developer Volkswagen - Folsom, CA March 2017 to September 2017 Description: VW-Yada - Volkswagen Group United Kingdom has partnered with Auto-green Ltd to provide a Government-approved national network of certified dismantling companies. Project is to develop a single page application for internal team to monitor and manage the list of trips, and to customize the list of trips according to the user.    Responsibilities  • Developed a web application by using Angular4 as front- end, and using Web API to receive and pass data to back- end.  • Implemented Angular 2 component router for navigation, Angular 2 services to connect the web application to back- end APIs. Followed ES6 coding standard and coding best practices.  • Wrote application level code to interact with backend and consume the JSON by using RxJS Observables.  • Worked closely with business-side clients to deliver attractive, easy-to-understand screens that appropriate reflected the company's fulfillment workflow.  • Actively involved in code review and code quality check process.  • Followed Agile Methodology for the complete life cycle of the project & Involve In daily stand up meetings.  • Developed and provided the team with the data layer functions using ADO.NET Entity Framework to connect to database and fetch data.  • Configured typescript application through tsconfig file for various purposes like transpiling, debugging, tracing, generating separate folder for distributable etc.  • Used Filters to change modify the data and also to clubbed in expression or directives using pipe character.  • Developed the Front end for the application using HTML5, Angular, JSP and JavaScript.  • Responsible for coding with the use of Object Oriented Principles and implementing MVC with JSP, Struts  • Committed code change into repository by using version control tool Git.  • Used data visualization techniques to communicate data or information by encoding it as visual objects like points, lines, bars contained, Timelines in graphics with D3 Js(V3 and V4).  • Develop screening portion of CARES application using model driven approach by creating different Module, Components and by using these to make the code reusable.  • Implement Services to store shared data between sibling Components and inject in to it for passing data purpose.  • Transfer data between parent and child Components by using @Input and @Output.  • Created Guard Service to prevent invalid routing address for a better security purpose.  • Created animation effects during the data load, waiting for the response using Angular4.  • Interact with other developers and end users to design and implement new features throughout the framework.  • Worked on Angular 4 Beta version.    Environment: Angular4, Angular2, RXjs, D3js, JSON, HTML5, CSS, SASS, Agile, Augury, Redux Dev Tool, Protractor. UI/Web Developer Anthem - Atlanta, GA May 2016 to April 2017 Description: Login and Customer Services - Anthem is working to transform health care with trusted and caring solutions. Project is to upgrade the user interface of the single page application for internal staffs to monitor and manage the customers. The new system's UI delivers greater user experience, ease of maintenance and function extension.    Responsibilities:  • Developed various pages in the applications in front end technologies HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, JSON, Angular JS, ES6 and Angular 2.0.  • Involved in making the application Responsive using Bootstrap, and used LESS preprocessor.  • Involved in migrating the whole code base of Angular 1.4 to Angular 2.0.  • Responsible for development of the web pages from mock-ups.  • Designed CSS based page layouts that are cross-browser compatible and standards-compliant.  • Coded dynamic and browser compatible UI web pages using JavaScript, CSS3, HTML5, JQuery, Ajax and responsive design in MVC environment.  • Delivered native and hybrid mobile applications targeting Android, iOS and Windows based OS.  • Used JavaScript and D3.js to implement interactive visualizations of criminal data sets in JSON and CSV format.  • Used D3.js to compare sales across the years, when our webpage is interacting with data, By Using D3.js we focused on binding data to DOM elements and also we reused code and add specific functions to our content.  • Worked with CSS3 and bootstrap to create Responsive web designs for multiple departments/pages.  • Validated UI using JAWS - Screen Reading Software.  • Created animation effects during the data load, waiting for the Ajax response using JQuery.  • Interact with other developers and end users to design and implement new features throughout the framework.  • Involved in integration of AEM with Adobe Analytics and Adobe Target.  • Performed unit testing using Jasmine and Karma, along with integration testing Chrome Inspector to fix bugs and worked closely with QA.  • Developed dynamic UI using Angular JS and Produced dynamic, interactive data visualizations using JavaScript library like D3.js.  • Consumed Web API from ASP.NET MVCapplication using Httpclient  • Managed projects with Grunt task runner and combined with Bower package manager to install JavaScript latest version of libraries based on running in the Node.JS environment.  • Improved the performance and response time of the application by implementing AJAX.  • Contributed to client and server side Development using HTML5, CSS and LESS, JavaScript frameworks, libraries such as Node.js, Angular JS, etc.  • Worked on Continuous Integration and code version using GIT.    Environment: AngularJS, HTML5, DHTML, CSS3, React js, Bootstrap, JavaScript, jQuery, Jasmine, Karma, Git, Twitter Bootstrap, JSON, AJAX, Grunt, Bower. Web UI Developer Mogean INC - Atlanta, GA February 2016 to May 2016 Description: Mogean Campaign - Mogean passively connects businesses to real-life context about their customers. The project aims to maintain an internal Inventory Management system; with modules such as User Dashboard, Customer Profiles, Client Management, Customer search, Sales reports and Transaction reports.    Responsibilities:  • Developed single page responsive Web UI using HTML5, Bootstrap, CSS3, Angular JS, D3 JS.  • Developed heat maps and line graphs, bar charts for the Dashboard.  • Extensively Implemented user interface designs from UI specifications and product requirements.  • Developed page layouts, navigation, animation Buttons and Icons.  • Designed a responsive website using Bootstrap grid system to layout contents that fit different devices including mobile, tablet and desktop.  • Developed various reports and charts using HTML Canvas, HTML, SVG, D3JS, and SVG by passing JSON objects and Arrays as input both for mobile and web applications.  • We used High-charts third-party library to create line and pie charts. We are also exploring D3.js for some of the other complex visualizations.  • Worked with source version control tool GIT to manage the code repository.  • Worked through cross browser compatibility issues with layout and styles and fixed major bugs for supported browsers and platforms.  • Involved in responsive design and developed a SAP responsive website that could be Served to desktop, Tablets and Mobile users using Angular.  • Design and develop the next-generation IoT Framework, using industry standard protocols. This solution suite covers the end-to- end spectrum from Device Management.  • Worked on CSS Background, CSS Positioning, CSS Text, and CSS Border.  • Implemented latest HTML5 and CSS3 features like creating various effects, shading, 2D 3D Animation, Shapes, Handling multimedia files and many others.  • Involved in writing and modifying procedure, Queries, Views and Triggers and called them from JavaScript using the local application framework.  • Implemented procedures for development of HTML5 and Java applications for mobile devices.  • Coordinated with software engineering teams for interactions between mobile UI and back- end staff.  • Worked on the modernization of a legacy and outsourced UI. Technologies used were Angular js.  • Utilized Google Maps API to enable Google map search for near locations.  • Implemented zip code functionality using Location Manager API and also implemented Google Maps API.  • Developed business logic along with connecting the application to the server with REST web services.  • Download and upload content from back- end web server via REST API.  • Implanted JSON to create interaction between server and application.    Environment: AngularJS, HTML5, DHTML, CSS3, D3js, Bootstrap, JavaScript, jQuery, express.js, Coffee Script, Photoshop CS6, Illustrator CS6, Git. Front end Developer Austin Energy - Austin, TX August 2014 to December 2015 Description: Application Systems - The application aims to rebuild the existing system to provide a better  user experience as well as richer functionality. The tasks include redesign and rebuild of the page layouts, migration from the legacy system, and integration with new functionality.    Responsibilities:  • Developed AngularJS Directives to extend the grammar of the web through reusable HTML elements, attributes, and classes. Developed AngularJS services for reusable functionality.  • Designed and developed application using CSS3and HTML 5 and achieved responsive layouts using Bootstrap grid system.  • Developed front- end, cross-browser HTML/DHTML templates and all GUI features via HTML, CSS and jQuery.  • Experience in designing, developing and deploying cloud based solution using core AWS services.  • Worked on migration of SQL Server on premises to Windows Azure.  • Coordinated with the Business Analysts and conducted feedback session.  • Provide guidance on the pending changes to 508 regulations (Access Board, WCAG 2.0)/impact assessment  • Used jQuery CSS selectors, toggles, and hover functionality, ToolTip, Ajax Forms.  • Developed cross browser and multi browser compatible web pages using HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript, Jasmine Framework.  • Produced content pages with CSS3 layout and style markup presentations and also used JavaScript methods and properties.  • Configured web server plug-ins Apache 2.2 for WebLogic application servers.  • Used JIRA tool for task assignment, bug tracking and fixture.  • Provided technical assistance to other team members regarding client website, applications and user experiences.  • Perform application upgrades, patches and identify and troubleshoot bugs that involve Tuxedo, Tomcat and Apache.  • Worked extensively with Java, Android Touch frameworks and third party API including Java mail API.    Environment: AngularJS, LESS, JavaScript, jQuery, express.js, Java, AJAX, XML, Maven, Mocha, Tomcat, Git, Agile, Axure, swagger, web socket programing, Dojo. UI Developer Xerox - Wilsonville, OR March 2013 to June 2014 Description: Online Products - Xerox has been a leader in document technology and services. It continues to build on heritage of innovation. They know are the world's leading enterprise for business process and document management, global services from claims reimbursement and automated toll transaction to customer care centers and HR benefits management.  Responsibilities:  • Developed Date Time Picker using Object Oriented JavaScript extensively.  • Developed Responsive web design using Media Queries.  • Designed and provided responsive layout for application using CSS3 media quires.  • Successfully executed all the test cases and fixed any bugs/issues identified during the test.  • Developed cross-browser compatible website styles using CSS3with IE 8/9.  • Worked with NoSQL database MongoDB and worked with it to perform many different operations  • Developed Rest architecture based web services to facilitate communication between client and servers.  • Used JSP, JavaScript, JQuery, AJAX, CSS3, and HTML5 as data and presentation layer technology.  • Involved in writing Javascript for dynamic manipulation of the elements on the screen and to validate the input.  • Developed user interface using JSP, AJAX, JSP Tag libraries to simplify the complexities of the application.  • Prototyping web, Intranet and Mobile applications with the help of HTML5, CSS3, AJAX, JavaScript, and JQuery  • Developed web Components using JSP, Servlets and Server side components using EJB under J2EE Environment.  • Responsible for Oracle Forms and maintaining CRUD operation on the database.    Environment: JavaScript, jQuery, HTML, CSS3, XSLT, SQL, Sublime Text, JSHint, Tomcat, Git, Agile. Web/UI Developer Hcentive - Lakewood, CO December 2011 to March 2013 Description: Dashboards layout: HCentive is a combine of US and India Teams to create a powerhouse of knowledge and talent. This project is to build the UI for company to manage their work flow. The new system is more attracting, efficient, and interactive.  Responsibilities:  • Used client side scripting languages such as JavaScript.  • Developed designs in securing the application using form-based authentication using HTML, XHTML, JavaScript, JQuery and CSS.  • Practical exposure and/or experience with some JavaScript, JSON, AJAX.  • Building web pages using HTML with CSS and embedding ASP inside HTML.  • Developed Web Forms with ASP.NET Custom Controls. Implemented client side validations using JavaScript.  • Creating SQL scripts, Views, PL/SQL database objects.  • Responsible for performance tuning of PL/SQL custom packages, SQL queries.  • Extensively used CSS and Implemented Master pages for consistent look for web pages.  • Involved in implementing .NET security with form based authentication, assigning roles and role based authorization using ASP.NET Membership and Provider Model.  • Developed PL/SQL stored procedures, functions, packages, and scripts to facilitate functionality for various modules.    Environment: JavaScript, jQuery, HTML, CSS3, XSLT, SQL, Sublime Text, JSHint, Tomcat, Git, Agile. UI Developer Global InfoTech Solutions - Hyderabad, Telangana May 2010 to October 2011 Description: This project is the Logistics Solution for the e-business platform. E-Logistics contains three modules Supplier, Buyer, Transport. Worked on the transport module that consists of service order and shipping details.  Responsibilities:  • Coordinated with BA group for better understanding of functional requirements analyzed and designed the business requirements to documented and implemented.  • Responsible for Design and development of Web pages using PHP, HTML, CSS including XML.  • Developed UI using JavaScript, HTML, CSS, JavaScript validations and XML.  • Implemented applications in JavaScript, and MYSQL.  • Performed Client-side validations using JavaScript.  • Wrote Cross Browser code of CSS and JavaScript for Internet Explorer and Firefox.  • Written CSS to provide table free layout to user interface screen.    Environment: JavaScript, HTML, CSS, AJAX, Apache, Windows 2000/XP, MYSQL. Education Bachelor of Engineering in Electrical Communication Engineering in Electrical Communication Engineering Sree Chaitanya College of Engineering Skills .NET, VISUAL STUDIO, Cucumber, JAVASCRIPT, BOOTSTRAP, Front End, Front-End, UI, React, Angular Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:  UI/WebTechnologies Angular 4.x, 2.x, 1.x, React Js, BackboneJS, Bootstrap, JavaScript, AJAX, JQuery, JSON, CSS2/3, HTML4/ 5, XHTML, XML, XSLT.  Server Side/BackEnd .Net, Java, Php, Node.  Database SQLITE, SQL Server, Oracle, MySQL, Realm Database  Data visualization D3js, High charts, Timeline charts.  Unit Test Frameworks. Karma/Jasmine, Mocha/Chai, Angular Mock, Protractor, Cucumber, Sauce Labs, Selenium.  Build Tools / Task Runners Grunt, Gulp, Bower, Yeomen, Angular CLI.  Web/App Servers Apache Tomcat 7.0, HTTP Web Server, Experience with Many Online Webhosting Platforms (Shared, Dedicated, VPS).  Browser All (IE, Firefox, Opera, Chrome, Safari)  Development IDE's Eclipse, NetBeans, Visual Studio, Notepad++, IntelliJ, WebStrome, Sublime, Adobe Dreamweaver, Aptana, Microsoft FrontPage.