Sr. UI Developer Sr. UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> Sr. UI Developer - Ruffalo Noel Levitz Bentonville, AR Over 8+ years of extensive experience in software development life cycle (SDLC) in developing and designing user experiences of Internet/Intranet applications using industry. Extensive experience includes design, development and support of systems application architecture and also in Coding, Porting, Troubleshooting, Testing and Deployment of web based applications primarily using Angular5,Angular2,Angular.js,React.js,D3.js,Bootstrap4,HTML5, HTML, XHTML XML CSS, CSS3, JavaScript, jQueryMeetingW3C standards.    • Experienced on Well Graphic and User Experience Design and Transforming Web/Graphic Designers staticprototypes into hand-coded HTML, specifically emphasizing accuracy and efficiency & adhering to W3C-established web standards with respect to maintaining cross-browser/cross-platform compatibility and delivering final page templates, including optimized images.  • Good knowledge of latest version of object oriented JavaScript Libraries like Angular5, Angular.js, Node.js, D3.js, Backbone.js, Bootstrap 4, EXTJS 4.0and Dojo toolkit.  • Experience in designing web applications employing Search Engine Optimization (SEO) techniques and Search Engine Strategies (SES).  • Experience with Responsive Web Design and Bootstrap.  • Expert in creating Templates, Web Interfaces, Layouts, and Flow of Future Pages.  • Expertise in designing and developing User Experiences for Web Applications using Web Authoring tools such as Adobe Dreamweaver CS3, Adobe Illustrator, and Adobe Flash.  • High level of expertise in CSS pixel-level layout, Consistency with browsers, Version and Platform Independence.  • Good experience working on CSS Background, CSS Positioning, CSS Text, CSS Border, CSS Margin, CSS Padding, CSS Table, Pseudo Classes, Pseudo Elements and CSS Behaviors in CSS.  • Expert in working with cutting edge front- end technologies/ framework and libraries like JQuery, Prototype, (X)HTML, DHTML, OO JavaScript, JSON, DOM, CSS, XML/XSLT, AJAX.  • Proficient with creating Logos, Banners, Buttons, Icons and Images using Adobe Flash and Adobe Illustrator.  • Well versed W3C standards.  • Extensive experience in various UI widgets using JavaScript libraries (JQuery) and developing Rich Internet Applications RIA.  • Experienced in data driven-UI component where a single application serves as the website for multiple customers.  • Good knowledge of using JavaScript testing frameworks, Jasmine, Protractor and QUnit.  • Expertise in working with kendo to develop modern web applications and easily combine with pretty responsive apps.  • Skilled at analyzing and solving browser compatibility challenges and possesses ability to maintain consistency and well commented HTML and CSS markup.  • Worked with Agile waterfall and scrum methodology.  • Experience in using Web Services like SOAP protocol in JAXWS and RESTFUL web services Proficient in Object Oriented Design/Development (OOD), Object Oriented Analysis and Design (OOAD), Model View Control (MVC) design pattern and Test Driven Development (TDD).  • Experience with User Acceptance Testing (UAT) and Accessibility Testing.  • An energetic individual, able to communicate effectively, to work collaboratively to resolve problems and to motivate team members as well.  • An experienced software developer passionate about delivering quality software products with thorough & rigorous testing and ample documentation.  • Excellent analytical and logical programming skills with a good understanding at the conceptual level and possess excellent presentation, interpersonal skills with a strong desire to achieve specified goals. Work Experience Sr. UI Developer Ruffalo Noel Levitz - Cedar Rapids, IA February 2019 to Present Responsibilities:  • Daily programming in server and client side by using Angular2, Node.JS and ExpressJS.  • Worked on Front end by using Angular JS, and JavaScript Frameworks.  • Extensive use of Angular2 for developing the SPAs (Single Page Applications) for internal application/tool.  • Developed multiple POCs to create a user interface in Angular JS.  • Worked on Angular2 directives, Controllers, Filters, Services, Templets, Events and Injectors.  • Extensive knowledge of and use of Angular2 directives to bring additional functionality to HTML.  • Good knowledge in Angular 2 and Responsive Web Design.  • Good experience in JavaScript MVC framework like Angular 2.  • Responsible for design and development of the web pages from mock- ups (PSD).  • Used Node JS, Angular 2 and MVC Frameworks in the development of the web applications.  • Worked in using Angular 2 components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, Animations and Flux concept.  • Knowledge in using Angular 2, Flux for SPA development.  • Implemented client-side Interface using Angular 2.  • Designed and developed CSS behaviors, CSS styles, CSS fonts, CSS buttons, Pseudo Classes in CSS.  • Experience in Using SASS and LESS  • Developed Web API using Node.JS and hosted on multiple load balanced API instances.  • Worked the backend by using Node JS, Express and Mongo DB.  • Used Node.js as a proxy to interact with Rest services and interacting with Database.  • As a backend developer, I was responsible for creating RESTFUL Web using Node.js & Express.js.  • Implemented Routers& History in Single Page App (SPA).  • Developed client side drop down menus, search bars and drop down toggles using Twitter-Bootstrap.  • Used JSON for data exchange between client and server.  • Design and Develop Micro services platform to support a multitude of enterprise level applications.  • Created Responsive Web Design using Bootstrap.  • Utilize Jasmine, Karma, Gulp and NPM to build and test applications.  • Performed unit testing using Jasmine and end to end testing using Protractor.  • Used the new tags from HTML5 like section, article, header, footer, canvas for animations.    Environment: Angular2, Node.JS, JavaScript, JQuery, Twitter Bootstrap, Ajax, HTML5, CSS3, SVN, Sublime, Maven, GIT, Mongo DB, TDD, Jasmine, Karma, Gulp, Grunt, Spring MVC, Protractor, Micro Services. Sr. UI Developer Conduent - Austin, TX May 2018 to February 2019 Responsibilities:  • Involved in writing UI code using ANGULAR 6, HTML5, CSS3 and Bootstrap4.  • Created various Angular directives, controllers, DOM, expressions, templates, data binding, etc  • Implemented the Select and Appoint feature for the applicants who filled the applications using the external module of the Designee Management System applications using Angular  • Developed front- end components using Angular6, TypeScript, Angular Material and NgRx-bootstrap and Node.  • Worked on Node.js Middleware framework like Express.js and Hapi.js and essentially developed microservices and serve them through middleware. Served any Client side libraries through microservices.  • Worked on NPM packages and published them to nexus repositories, Developed Gulp, grunt task runner or application and involved in to write Unit test cases.  • Essentially working to develop restful Apis and invoke Soap Apis in Express.js and Hapijs, validating Apis with swagger.  • Created the single page application using Angular 6, JavaScript, TypeScript and the state of the application is kept in store and is accessed using selectors where ever needed.  • Develop and maintain micro services using Spring Boot and Kubernetes.  • Using Visual Studio Code, Angular 5, TypeScript and the Angular CLI for coding, scaffolding, data binding, debugging, compiling, bundling, minifying and building modules (i.e. components, services, pipes, directives,and routes.  • Implemented Angular promises to handle asynchronous communication with our Rest API for various requirements  • Make pluggable UI microservice for each platform which should solve the monolithic problem of seed generation and create Docker image and deploy them into kubernates using Angular.js 2.0.  • Worked with Docker for containing microservices and write docker file, Jenkins for Automated Integration and deployment process and kubernates for deploying pods. And maintaining each pod on kubernates dashboard and load balancing.  • Working on single client platform supported by around 9 other services, an internal API to connect them, and an external API for partners. It allows us to keep codebases smaller, optimize more specifically, and explore new technologies with isolation.  • Developing Dockerfile for different end points and validate them through the docker-central to run the Jenkins job with given parameter and deploy job to the kubernates.  • Working on AT&T plugin components like Authentication and Authorization, Cookie based Authentication and login, developed logging mechanism to dashboard to keep all logs for application.  • Integration with CICD (Continuous integration and continuous Deployment) Process for all microservices and serve them to external innovations.  • Support Client side libraries like angular and database connection like MySQL, Casandra, mongoDB and postgres through the Node base microservice and have them connected with Api calls.  • Created Polymer.js, ES6 application to make UI by Dragging and Dropping the web components, where each component contains different microservice and make UI after combine all microservice together. Developed ES6 web components for the multiple uses in the UI.  • Developed Web Services to communicate to other modules using XML based SOAP and WSDL protocols.  • Used ANT scripts to build the application and deployed on WebSphere Application Server.  • Written Junit test cases for testing UI Framework classes.  • We setup the development environment using Node.js, Npm, Gulp, Grunt, Bower, git.  • Essentially worked on Message Routing and Kafka Broker implementation in node.js.    Environment: HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, Angular.js, Typescript, Angular4/5/6, Ajax, Bootstrap 4, MongoDB, RESTful,AJAX, JQuery, NPM, Eclipse, JSON, Apache Tomcat, Adobe Dreamweaver, Agile Methodology. UI Developer Cummins - Columbus, IN March 2016 to April 2018 Responsibilities:  • Developed front- end UI using ANGULAR 4.0/Angular 2, HTML5, CSS3, EXT JS 4.0, BOOTSTRAP, CANVAS, JAVASCRIPT, ECMAScript 6.0, SASS, JQUERY, AJAX and WEBPACK.  • Involved in Writing Action classes, Action Forms and ActionMapping in StrutsConfigxml.  Focused on developing the Application UI for presentation.  • Used Struts Action Classes and regular Java classes. Implemented client side validations using JavaScript and server side validation in the Action classes.  • Utilized D3.js, Moment.js, RWD, Jenkins, Rally, and Agile/SCRUM.  • Created Typescript reusable components and services to consume REST API's using Component-based architecture provided by Angular4/Angular 2.  • Used TCL for language processor to execute native code.  • Used Wireframeworks to get user and client approval on the layout of key pages and the navigation.  • Developed complex, useable, attractive and cross-browser web interfaces that account for speed, file size, readability and accessibility. Extensively used ECMAScript 6.0 for large applications and library creation.  • Worked in a team, Involved in developing the UI layout and front- end programming (HTML) for web application that matches requirements. Responsible for building Mobile applications using Xamarin Studio.  • Used JQuery plugins autocomplete, validation, drag and drop and more exceptionally. Used JQuerytemplate for markup. Implemented two way data binding through scope in applications built on Angular4/Angular 2.  • Responsible for developing, editing, publishing and managing content on the external Web pages and internal portals. Extensively used Google Material design for designing web pages as client requirement.  • Worked on client-side validations for signup and login page by using ng-show to display the errors and also created custom validations. Demonstrated implementation and up-gradation of JavaScript Library.  • Involved in configuring the GIT repository and maintain the version control using Git. Discussed various ideas/suggestions for the ongoing web sites regarding the page layout and creative design.  • Created single page applications using Angular4/Angular 2 and EmberJS.  • Extensively used JQUERY, JSON, AJAX and DOM scripting to create interactive web applications like message posting and auto complete form validations.  • Involved in Enhancement of existing application utilizing JSP, Created HTML navigation menu that is role based menu items changes dynamically, derived from the database in the form of XML.  • Used Jasmine unit tests (Karma) to verify Angular JS modules and JavaScript utility routines.  • Involved Finding out the bugs, broken links and missing images etc. and rectifying them.  • Used filters like date, json, uppercase, lowercase to arrange the data that is to be displayed in a particular format.  • Developed dynamic e-mails using JavaScript, and hand coding of HTML5, XHTML, and CSS3.  • Worked one-on-one with client to develop layout, color scheme for his website and implemented it into a final interface design with the HTML5/CSS3 &JavaScript using Dreamweaver.  • Involved in designing and developing the JSON, XML Objects with MySQL.  • Used the Node.js, Angular JS and Backbone JS MVC Frameworks in the development of the web applications.  • Built out a new product line in EcmaScript using React, Redux and Rails.  • Involved in agile software methodologies using TEST DRIVEN DEVELOPMENT.  • Used Node.js as a proxy to interact with Rest services and also interacting with Database.  • Working along the web developer to create and maintain a robust framework to support the apps/web.    Environment: OO JavaScript, JQuery, JSON, Ajax, HTML5, DHTML, CSS2, CSS3, Handlebar.js, AngurlarJS 2.0, Node.js, Backbone JS, Agile methodology, Dreamweaver, MVP, Bootstrap, Usability Testing, Karma and Jasmine, SSAS, LESS, GIT, MySQL, ECMAScript 6.0, Webpack, MongoDB. UI Developer Zions Bank, SaltLake City January 2014 to February 2016 Responsibilities  • Development UI modules using HTML, JSP, JavaScript and CSS.  • Developed presentation layer using JSP.  • Used AngularJS to structure JavaScript code in an MVC (Model View Controller).  • Worked with AngularJS 1.4 as the development framework to build a single-page application.  • Used Log4j and implemented Log4j property file for logging purpose.  • Involved in developing the Restful web service using spring.  • Extensively used JQuery client side validation.  • Developed Hibernate mapping files, Pojos and Hibernate configuration files.  • Developed the application using Spring Framework that uses Model View Controller (MVC) architecture with JSP as the view.  • Used ANT as build tool and developed build file for compiling the code of creating WAR files  • Provided extensive pre-delivery support using Bug Fixing and Code Reviews. Used LOG4J JUnit for debugging, testing and maintaining the system state  • Developed JSP, Ajax, HTML, JS have been used for developing User Interface components.  • Performed client side validation using JavaScript and Ajax.  • Developed, Tested and Debugged the Java, JSP and EJB components using Eclipse.  • Developed various test cases and performance unit testing using JUnit.  • Developed Use Case diagrams, business flow diagrams, Activity & State diagrams.  • Developed JUnit Test Cases for Code unit test.    Environment: JSP, HTML, CSS, AngularJS , Spring MVC, Mule ESB, Restful Web service, Java , Hibernate , JQuery, SQL, DB2, SVN, Log4j 1.2, XML, Agile model. UI Developer Verizon Communications - Hyderabad, Telangana October 2012 to December 2013 Responsibilities  • Worked on implementing all phases of the Software Development Life Cycle from Planning to Deployment in each application.  • Involved on Requirement Gathering and Analysis of Business Processes with development goals to gain knowledge about the strategy of software test solutions.  • Developed web interfaces for embedded related applications and software using HTML, CSS, XHTML, XML, JavaScript, AngularJs and Node.js.  • Developed the buttons, audio, video, media and uploaded file tags using CSS3 for the online training session webpages.  • Designed the user interfaces for the web portal abiding the guidelines of the W3C standards.  • Implemented the two-way data binding and code reuse in the modules using AngularJS custom directives.  • Coded on Forms, Helpers, Alert, Popover, Scroll spy, Tooltip components in the embedded web application using CSS and Bootstrap.  • User interfaces can be made faster and responsive by adding and rendering view components using react.js.  • Updated the test solution modules in the Eclipse IDE using Java JDK and JSP  • Implemented the MVC architecture for the user module and used Spring and Strut framework for integration of the testing updates to the software application  • Used the POJO based action and AJAX tags for managing the client-server requests for consulting appointments.  • Worked on servlets to create an efficient API to handle the server-side web services.  • Involved in unit testing of the software modules using the Karma and Jasmine JavaScript frameworks.  • Incorporated Applet and JavaBean to integrate the test solutions with dynamic contents as a response to the client calls.  • Worked on testing the device compatibility of viewing the test solutions in different devices such as Desktops, Laptops, Mobile Phones, IPad etc.  • Conducting SCRUM meetings to find the team involvement and development stage of the application.    Environment: Angular JS, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, Bootstrap, Restful web services, AJAX, JSON, XML, Mongo DB, Node-Js, Web Agile, Junit Front End Developer Axis Bank - Hyderabad, Telangana June 2011 to September 2012 Responsibilities  • Created and optimized graphic prototype websites and applications interfaces using HTML and CSS.  • Involved in write application level code to interact with APIs, Web Services using AJAX, JSON and XML.  • Implemented and designed user interface for web based customer application.  • Designed dynamic client-side JavaScript codes to build web forms and simulate process for web application, page navigation and form validation.  • Designed business applications using web technologies like HTML, XHTML, and CSS based on the W3C standards. Created cross-browser compatible and standards-compliant CSS-based page layouts.  • Developed data formatted web applications and deploy the script using client side scripting using JavaScript.  • Worked on Cross-Browser compatibility and fixed the bugs for several browsers.  • Integrated with back end code (PHP) for highly interactive AJAX based applications.  • Maintained 24/7 high volume availability demands using open source tools such as Linux, Apache, PHP, and MySQL.    Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQUERY, AJAX, JSON, XML, PHP, APACHE, MAC OS, ECLIPSE, SVN. Education Bachelor's Skills Git, Gui, Javascript, Angular.js, Bootstrap, D3.js, Node.js, Json, Php, Svn, Xml, Ajax, Css, Dreamweaver, Web design, Eclipse, Java, jquery, Dojo, Html5 Additional Information Technical Skills:    Web Technologies: HTML5, XML, CSS, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, PHP, AJAX, DOM, DOJO, Core Java, GUI, Responsive Web design, JSON, Gulp, Grunt, SASS.  IDE & Tools:  Web Storm, Notepad++, Adobe Dreamweaver, Adobe Flash Professional + Action Script 2.0/3.0, Microsoft Publisher, Eclipse, Atom, Edit Plus.    Version Control: SVN, CVS, GIT, JIRA,Bit Bucket  JavaScript Libraries:  JQuery UI, Ext JS 4.0, React.js, Backbone.js, Angular.js,Angular2, Angular5,Node.js, Ember.js, Bootstrap.js, D3.js, knockout.js, Handlebar.js    Publishing Tools: Adobe PageMaker, MS Office  Wire Frame Tools: Adobe Illustrator CS3  Data Access: MY SQL, Oracle, Mongo DB