JavaScript Instructor JavaScript Instructor New York, NY Versatile Front- end Developer bringing superior design, debugging capabilities, innovative  problem-solving skills and dedication to quality. Work Experience JavaScript Instructor Practical Programming - New York, NY June 2019 to Present • Delivered fast paced education utilizing active learning methodologies  • Instructed students in a one-week boot camp format where they learned  everything from HTML and CSS syntax to JavaScript functions.  • Built a solid foundation for students to start their programming career with a good  understanding of programming practice.  • Created a final project for students to put into practice all the coding learned and further helped them one on one. Front- end Developer Zola Suite Practice Management Software - Port Washington, NY September 2017 to June 2019 • Designed and developed GUI for applications and modules using JavaScript.  • Redesigned various pages in ASP.NET web app including email and settings  pages using HTML, CSS, and jQuery.  • Added new features and improved UX in all pages by including loading  animations, removing FOUC and standardizing all UI.  • Developed new functionality in modals including close warning popups, disabling  buttons after click, and adding more filters for advanced search.  • Published branches using Git Ext, Trello and Visual Studio to testing  environments and tested changes to ensure no bugs were added in the project.  • Used time management skills by fixing client reported bugs in "fast track"  branches that are published directly to production.  • Researched different methods to enhance web page load time, functionality, and user experience.  • Worked alongside management to incorporate ideas on how to augment overall  display of product including the Login page, advanced tooltips, and collapsible  right pane. Private Tutor Briarwood - New York, NY June 2014 to September 2017 • Guided multiple students to higher scores in math, science and Java.  • Assisted in preparing for college essays and SATs.    Accomplishments: Designed, developed, and produced numerous programs in Visual Basic Studio, SSH C++ and Eclipse (Java) including sorting algorithms, RSA encryption, and games based on probability. In  doing so learned analytical skills, critical-thinking skills, and how to work well in teams (groups). Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Science Queens College City University of New York - New York, NY August 2012 to May 2017 Skills Api, C#, C++, Git, Gui, Html, Javascript, Reactjs, Python, Ruby, Scripting, Swift, Visual basic, Java, Css, Ui, Linux, Ux, Mysql, Sql Additional Information Skills: Programming/Scripting Languages: (Proficient) HTML, CSS, Java, C++, JavaScript,  KnockoutJS, ReactJS  (Familiar) C#, Python, SQL, MATLAB, Swift    Technologies/Environments: Windows, Visual Basic Studio, Git Ext, Win32 API/GUI,  Linux, MySQL, PowerPivot.    Involvements: Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) Member - Queens College Chapter  Partook in club activities.    Tech Talent Pipeline (TTP) Residency at Queens College  Participated in a four-week training on full-stack development and workplace skills.  Workshops in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Ruby, UI/UX, Swift, AngularJS and ReactJS