Web Developer Web <span class="hl">Developer</span> Web Developer Herndon, VA • More than 7+ years of experience as Web UI and Application Developer with System Analysis, Design, Development and Implementation.  • Worked in an Agile (Scrum) Development Team and Test-Driven Development (TDD) to deliver regular updates to business team and project managers.  • Responsible for developing the UI pages using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JSON, jQuery, Ajax.  • Hands-on experience in creating and consuming RESTful Services using JavaScript, jQuery and AngularJS, Angular2&4.  • Expert knowledge of template engines like Mustache and Handlebars.  • Build RESTFUL webservices by Node.js server at the back- end.  • Implemented new website design layout for conversion of existing static websites using Bootstrap to responsive.  • Knowledge in developing single-page-applications using Angular 2&6.  • Good knowledge on Document Object Model (DOM) and DOM functions.  • Experience in Applications using Object Oriented (OO) JavaScript, JSON and XML.  • Excellent experience in maintaining projects by analyzing and fixing bugs.  • Used JQuery plug-ins to implement features as a light box, galleria, sliders and other intuitive features.  • Knowledge in working with PHP (Content Management System).  • Excellent knowledge of SQL, MySQL.  • Experienced in repositories using SVN and GitHub.  • Worked with different IDE's like Eclipse, Sublime, Brackets, Visual studio and Edit Plus.  • Highly motivated team player with excellent interpersonal and technical skills.  • Excellent work ethics, able to meet, deliver on deadlines with minimal supervision.  • Quick to learn, self-motivated, and enthusiastic with excellent written and verbal communication skills. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Web Developer Virginia premier health plan Inc - Richmond, VA December 2018 to June 2019 Responsibilities:  • Worked on Find A Provider front- end application development using Angular, typescript, node.js, JavaScript, Html5, css3, bootstrap.  • Developed and maintained Drupal-based applications for Medicare site.  • Provided support to WordPress websites.  • Developed and support Angular websites that use REST APIs and implemented custom features.  • Experience in working with Angular 2/4 modules, services, templates, directives, services and dependency injection to create a SPA.  • Worked extensively on Angular 2/ Typescript SPA domains.  • Worked with stakeholders to gather requirements in order to develop appropriate applications.  • Developed applications by following 508 standards.  • Developed couple of internal web-application using node.js for Vital to Jiva migration.  • Working in the Agile/scrum development environment and participated in scrum meeting and reviews.  • Responsible for deploying applications manually and continuous Integration using Jenkins pipeline.  • Extensively used NodeJS tools like Grunt and Webpack for building application modules.  • Used karma-test-runner and Jasmine for JavaScript Unit testing.  • Developed node-based webserver and restful webservices using Express.js.  • Developed mobile and tablet view webpages based on the wireframes provided.  • Used Git for version controlling.  • Used Azure boards to keep track of bugs to reduce downtime, increase productivity, and Communication.  • Experience in working with MSsql database.  • Worked independently and with other developers as well.  • Strong experience in various IDE's like Eclipse, WebStorm, Visual studio code, notepad++ and Brackets.  Environment: Agile, Eclipse ,Visual studio code, Angular ,typescript,HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, grunt, webpack, Git, Windows IIS server, Node js, mssql and Jenkins. Front- end developer AARP - Washington, DC July 2018 to December 2018 Responsibilities:  • Developed web applications in Thyme-leaf using Grunt and webpack, HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript (ES6).  • Used Thyme-leaf attributes and controllers to develop spring MVC based applications.  • Experience with Tag Management, Target& analytics using Adobe DTM & Adobe Launch.  • Developed cross-browser and multi-browser responsive pages using Bootstrap3 and media queries for various breakpoints.  • Developed mobile and tablet view webpages based on the wireframes provided.  • Integrated the front- end jQuery with backend REST API calls.  • Developed real-time applications which showcase the actions such as registrations, renewals, etc. utilizing data from RESTful webservices.  • Analyzed and repaired accessibility issues in the front end of the application using Axe tool.  • Experience with stash, Jenkins and continuous deployment pipelines.  • Working in the Agile/scrum development environment and participated in scrum meeting and reviews.  • Used stash for source control.  • Experience in Node.js and Npm scripts to Automate the local build process.  • Strong experience in various IDE's like Eclipse, WebStorm, Visual studio code, notepad++ and Brackets.  • Extensively worked on forms and validations using HTML5, CSS3 , Thyme-leaf and JavaScript.  • Worked on java-based backend RESTFULL webservices.  • Ability to work both individually and in a team environment.  Environment: Agile, Thyme-leaf ,Eclipse , WebStorm, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, grunt, webpack, Stash, tomee , Node js, Adobe DTM and Jenkins. Front- end developer BankOfAmerica - Plano, TX September 2017 to May 2018 Responsibilities:    • Working on ATM front- end application development using Angular2, Typescript, JavaScript, Html5 and css3.  • Implemented code according to the coding standards and created Angular controllers with isolated scopes.  • Developed reusable custom Directives, filters and services.  • Experience in developing single-page-applications(SPA).  • Working in the Agile/Scrum development environment and actively participated in scrum meeting and reviews  • Worked in an Agile Test-driven development environment.  • Extensively used NodeJS tools like Grunt and Webpack for building application modules.  • Used karma-test-runner and Jasmine for JavaScript Unit testing.  • Used Ngmock and 'Jasmine' for writing AngularJS test cases.  • Responsible for creating RESTFUL Web Services to serve data to the front- end application in JSON format.  • Experience in consuming Restful webservices written in java and node js.  • Used several linting tools like stylelinting , sonarlinting and html linting to avoid syntactical mistakes during development.  • Monitors and analyses code base through analytic tools like SonarQube and report any identified issues.  • Experience in working on preprocessors like SASS and LESS along with javascript task runner like Gruntjs  • Strong experience in writing and updating the technical documents on daily basis with the changes made to the existing environment on daily basis.  • Having experience in working with different browsers like chrome, internet explorer, mozilla Firefox etc  • Used Tortoise GIT and SVN for version control.  • Strong experience in various IDE's like Eclipse, WebStorm, Visual studio code, notepad++ and Brackets.  • Used Requirejs for loading modules.  • Used Splunk to resolve the issues by analyzing machine logs.  • Ability to grasp new technologies and apply them to build applications.  • Strong communication skills and team skills with an intention to work hard to meet project deadlines in fast paced environment.    Environment: Agile, Angular js,Angular 2,typescript, visual studio code, WebStorm, Jasmin, karma, ngmock, grunt, webpack, bitbucket, tortoise git, require js. UI Developer BOOZ ALLEN HAMILTON - Herndon, VA January 2015 to March 2017 Responsibilities:  • Worked on Angular2 for client-side scripting and synchronizing java applications.  • Developed Angular 2 components and layout according to the Navigation.  • Used RxJS libraries to fetch asynchronous data from backend services.  • Designed and developed the layouts using CSS3 and HTML5. Involved in developing XML, HTML, and JavaScript for client-side presentation and, data validation on the client side within the forms.  • Experienced working with CSS preprocessors like SASS and LESS.  • Designed DOM based interactive to reprogram selected links and adopted WCAG 2.0 standards for HTML and XHTML and W3C standards for CSS as well.  • Developing & Customizing UI JavaScript Plug-ins using JQuery, Object Oriented JS and JSON.  • Performed client-side validation using JQUERY and JavaScript and tested scripts using JQuery on various browsers Chrome, Firefox, Opera, Safari, IE and etc.  • Developed a single-page application (SPA) is a web application or web site that fits on a single web page with the goal of providing a more fluid user experience akin to a desktop application.  • Responsible for checking cross browser compatibility and hence worked on different browsers like Safari, Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox and Google Chrome. Assisted in maintaining Cross Browser compatibility  • Worked on prototypes for Responsive design.  • Developed Asynchronous means of retrieval of data from the Server and Database using AJAX features as well JavaScript. Debug the application using Firebug to traverse the documents and manipulated the Nodes using DOM and DOM Functions using Firefox (Firebug) and IE Developer Tool bar.  • Used JSON based REST Web Services to transfer the amount to transfer application that is remote and global to different financial institutions.  • Coded pages with best Search Engine Optimization (SEO) techniques.  • Co-ordinate with QA for testing, Production releases, Application deployment and integrating developed web pages using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, DOM, JSON, JQuery and AJAX.  • Maintain, enhance, and recommend solutions that best suit business and technology needs from UI standpoint.  • Involved in Production Support and minor enhancements as per application requirements.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, Responsive Design, Photoshop, Dreamweaver, JavaScript, JQuery, Angular2 js, Bootstrap, Ajax, XML, JSON, DOM, Firebug, SQL, Oracle and Windows. UI DEVELOPER SOFT RAMS LLC - Baltimore, MD August 2012 to December 2014 Responsibilities  • Worked in a team, involved in developing the UI layout and front - end programming for responsive web design.  • Built an application which is more user-interactive using Angular JS, Jasmine, Karma, HTML5, CSS3, RESTful API Services, JavaScript, Bootstrap, Git, JSON  • Designed the front- end applications and user interactive web pages using web technologies like Angular JS, HTML5  • Built Web pages that are more user-interactive using jQuery plugins  • Involved in developing backend using RESTful API Services using node.js  • Adopted a cross browser and cross platform approach to make the website more versatile and supportive.  • Followed Web Accessibility Guidelines while coding the website.  • Used Jasmine and karma for Unit Test  • Used Web Developer, Firebug, and IE developer toolbar for debugging and browser compatibility  • Working in close coordination with Client to resolve issues arising using agile methodologies.  • Coordinated with development team, QA team, Scrum master, Product Owner and Senior management to refine requirements and address issues    Environment: Angular JS, Jasmine, Karma, HTML5, CSS3, API REST Services, JavaScript, JQuery, Bootstrap, Git, Sublime, node.js. UI Developer XT GLOBAL - IN June 2009 to January 2011 Responsibilities  • Involved in MVC 3-tier architecture for developing the application.  • Involved in gathering Business Requirements and turning Business requirements into functional designs and Technical specifications.  • Developed Presentation layer using JSP, HTML, CSS and JavaScript.  • Coded Servlet classes in Tomcat Server environment.  • Used JDBC to connect to Oracle9i database.  • Client-Side validations using JavaScript.  • Involved in writing Test plans and conducted Unit Tests using Junit.  • Coordinated with team members to meet scheduled deadlines, review completed work requests.  Environment: Java, JDBC, Servlets, Oracle9i, HTML, CSS, JSP, XML, UML, JavaScript, UNIX Education Master's Skills Visual studio, C++, Javascript, Bootstrap, Typescript, Json, Php, Html5, Eclipse, Java, Jboss, jquery, Jsp, Servlets, Ajax, Css, Tomcat, Web server, Db2, Jdbc