Full Stack Web Developer Full Stack Web <span class="hl">Developer</span> Full Stack Engineer Concord, CA Inventive, full stack web developer with a passion for metrics and beating former "best-yets." Prototyped about 20 new features per year for Freelance projects. Working Data analysis to be able to provide an ample vision to a product or customer data research. Work Experience Full Stack Web Developer Berkeley Coding Bootcamp - Trilogy Ed July 2017 to Present Mentor Bootcamp students through their 7-mo journey.  ? Lead discussions, review code, track down Git issues and provide feedback on their projects. Guide students in their daily coding activities and challenges. Building web applications with HTML, CSS, JavaScript and React.  • Databases like SQL, MongoDB.  • Experience building Rest APIs with Python, Django and docker.  • Travis CI builds loading docker images.  ? Daily hands-on bash commands.  ? Developed single page applications(SPAs) with React where there is no need to reload the entire page and the UX acts like a desktop or native application. The resources are retrieved with a single page load.  ? Developed REST APIs to Digital Ocean nginx server to respond to requests from a JavaScript client App. Front End Developer SDB Webs - Concord, CA 2012 to Present - Currently, working on a Job Board with React and Flask.  - Previous experience building web and native applications to access api data from web, iOS and Android clients  - Pushed 4 iOS Apps to the App Store for TWBI Conference, 1 React native app for Android Nexus Education University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign - Urbana-Champaign, IL April 2008 to October 2010 B.S. in Electronics Universidad Tecnologica Nacional July 1997 Skills React, Javascript, Node, Python, SQL, HTML 5, Linux (3 years), Nodejs, Django (1 year), PostgresSQL (1 year), Heroku (2 years), Jquery, AWS, Docker, Travis CI Links https://linkedin.com/in/sdbwebsolutions Certifications/Licenses Python 3 Course June 2019 to Present • Working with numbers and strings  • Control Flow  • Functions, debugging  • Data Structures, lambda, list comprehensions, tuples, dicts, unpacking  • Raising exceptions  • Classes, magic methods  • Modules, packages  • Python standard library, working with csv files, json, templates  • Pipenv, pipfile, manage dependencies  • Popular Python packages, work with APIs, work with PDFs  • Numpy  • Built Django Project - Assessments Python Development Skills — Proficient December 2018 Measures a candidate's ability to apply a fundamental understanding Python data types and structures to identify errors and create scripts. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/yzmvqwi-xcoouorf Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.