Java Front End/UI Developer Java <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span>/UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> Java Front End/UI Developer - Lennox International Lake Forest, CA • Over 5+ years of experience as a User Interface/ Front End Developer in developing web applications.  • Highly experience in Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and software development methodologies like Agile and Waterfall.  • Expertise in Client Scripting language and server-side scripting languages like HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQUERY, JSON, Bootstrap, Angular and Responsive Web Design.  • Hands on experience with Object Oriented JavaScript and Good understanding of OOPS Concepts.  • Good Experience in single page applications using Angular 2/4/6, Typescript, web pack and grunt.  • Good exposure in adding dynamic features for the web components in Angular 6.  • Expert in HTML5/CSS3 development and have experience in Angular.js, React.js, Bootstrap, Node.js, Ext.js and Responsive Web Design.  • Experience in designing UI patterns and UI applications with the help of Adobe products like Adobe Dreamweaver CS3, Adobe Photoshop CS3/CS4, Adobe Fireworks CS3 and Adobe Illustrator CS3.  • Experience on working with CSS Background, CSS Layouts, CSS positioning, CSS text, CSS border, CSS margin, CSS padding, CSS table, Pseudo classes, Pseudo elements and CSS behaviors in CSS.  • Extensive experience on implementing the AJAX features using JavaScript and JQUERY.  • Expert in MVC architecture using spring framework, which involved writing Action Classes/ Forms/Custom Tag Libraries & JSP pages.  • Experience working with testing tools like Firebug, Firebug Lite, Chrome or safari web inspectors and IE Developer Toolbar.  • Experienced in working in AGILE based development environment and participating in Scrum sessions.  • Experienced in Creating Domain Model, Activity Diagrams, Use Case diagrams, class diagrams, sequence diagrams and Object Model.  • Excellent Leadership, Technical, Communication, Analytical and Problem Solving skills and ability to get on well with people including cross-cultural backgrounds. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Java Front End/UI Developer Lennox International - Dallas, TX July 2018 to Present Responsibilities:  • Involved in Requirements of the client and the flow of the application as well as the application Framework.  • Developed the pages that are complaint to W3C standard.  • Developed web application using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Node.JS, AJAX, and JSON.  • Developed detailed mockups, prototypes and wireframes to illustrate interface and design concepts of the website using Microsoft Visio.  • Developed cross browser and multi browser compatible web pages using HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript.  • Defined and developed the application's presentation layer using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript and JQuery Scripting.  • Built Angular 6 components, UI services to consume rest services using Component based architecture provided by Angular 6.  • Implemented Angular 6 component router for navigation, Angular 6 services to connect the web application to back- end APIs made use of ES6 features.  • Developed the components using Angular 6 needed for the application from the scratch and customizing from various Angular related libraries to meet the application's functionality.  • Enhanced legacy application by building new components in Angular 6 and Typescript.  • Developed various web pages and components using Angular 6 by implementing predefined components from Node Package Manager (NPM).  • Designed and developed the Presentation layer using Angular 4 and Angular Material.  • Designed Responsive webpage using Bootstrap grid system to layout contents that fit different devices including mobile, tablet and desktop.  • Extensively involved in redesigning the entire site with CSS styles for consistent look and feel across all browsers and all pages.  • with AJAX data consisting of JSON responses, parsing the same and presenting on the UI layer  • Streamlined the Responsive Web Design (RWD) to enhance the User Experience and developed designs for the prototypes for the Mobile UI.  • Designed and developed custom JQuery components for the front end client side validations.  • Worked on integrating JQuery APIs with MVC pattern.  • Used AJAX frameworks like JQuery, JSON to develop rich GUIs and also involved in performance tuning the website.  • Used JavaScript DOM manipulation and JavaScript event to generate the data result in UI.  • Used JMS for Asynchronous communication between the applications.  • Worked with version control GIT to manage the code repository  • Developed the application using Agile Scrum methodology, Sprint meetings and attended daily standup meetings.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JQuery, DHTML, JavaScript, Angular 6, TypeScript, XHTML, XML, JMS, JSON, Ajax, Bootstrap, Responsive Web Design, JQuery UI, SOAP, DOM, MVC, GIT, Windows. UI Developer RedBrick Health - Minneapolis, MN March 2017 to June 2018 Responsibilities:  • Involved in various phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) of the application like Requirement gathering, Design, Analysis and Code development.  • Designed and developed code for table less web interfaces using XHTML, CSS, DOM and JavaScript.  • Responsible for designing Front-side of the website like embedded graphics, and interactive documents using JavaScript, XML, HTML and CSS.  • Designed dynamic client-side JavaScript codes to build web forms and simulate process for web application, page navigation and form validation.  • Designed dynamic and browser compatible pages using HTML/HTML5, CSS and JavaScript.  • Used CSS Sprites to decrease the number of HTTP requests and load time of web pages.  • Used JQuery-Ajax to get the data in JSON format and display on HTML page.  • Developed web applications using latest JavaScript feature and frameworks such as React and Redux to build dynamic web pages.  • Creating view layer with different components. Drop down list, search bar, log in, forms all these are implemented through React components.  • Implemented React components both functional and classical for UI widgets.  • Used React- Red UX (connect) which is responsible to "map state to props" and "map dispatch to props".  • Involved in using React.JS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, Animations and Flux concept.  • Worked on creating responsive website for smart devices using Responsive Web Design (RWD) and media queries.  • Developed CSS media queries to make the application responsive website design (RWD).  • Created custom-directives and custom-filters for data manipulations (DOM) and to display data in company standard format in UI.  • Created Images, Logos and Icons that are used across the web pages using Adobe Flash, Dream weaver, and Photoshop.  • Worked with the team of architects and back- end Developers to gather requirements and enhance the application functionality and add new features.    Environment: JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3, JSP, XHTML, DHTML, XML, DOM, JSON, Ajax, JQuery, Angular 2, Bootstrap, Angular.js, Node.js, Responsive Web Design, REST, Bootstrap, JQuery UI, Dreamweaver, Windows. Web/UI Developer Jefferson Bank - San Antonio, TX December 2015 to February 2017 Responsibilities:  • Developed Project Page module, which facilitates editors, can select articles displayed in site using Object Oriented Programming.  • Developed Login/Registration/Edit of user profile integration with community sites using HTML5, CSS3, JQuery AJAX, JSON and JavaScript.  • Designed the front- end applications, user interactive (UI) web pages using web technologies like HTML, XHTML, PHP and CSS. Designed Restful XML web service for handling AJAX requests.  • Extensively used advanced level of JQUERY, DOM, AJAX, JavaScript, CSS and pure CSS layouts.  • Built complex desktop - style UI using HTML5, M pages, CSS3, JavaScript and AJAX including configuration wizards and interactive reports. Client implementation was a custom, SPA framework that utilized JQuery and knockout (all routing, data access, caching, etc., implemented as custom JavaScript code).  • Integrated the Java code (API) in JSP pages and responsible for setting up Angular.JS framework for UI development. Developed html views with HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap and Angular.JS.  • Used advanced JavaScript to create interfaces and help manage cross browser compatibility  • Implemented pagination using JQuery.  • Involved in designing User Interface (UI) applications and professional web applications using JavaScript, and Angular.js.  • Developed several REST web services supporting both XML and JSON to perform tasks such as remote thermostat and demand- response management. REST web services leveraged by both web and mobile applications.  • Implemented dynamic page elements and form error validations using JavaScript.  • Developed social network services for user interaction using JavaScript, CSS and DHTML.  • Interacted with the Graphics design team in the use of Photoshop CS3, MS Visio, PowerPoint, Dreamweaver and Flash.  • Used Subversion (SVN) as a repository tool and as a version control.  • Participated in the status meetings and status updating to the management team.    Environment: HTML5, XHTML, DHTML, XML, XSLT, CSS3, JavaScript, Angular.js, JQuery, JSON, AJAX, Flash, Photoshop, Eclipse, SVN, Windows. Software Developer Digital Mind software solutions - IN March 2014 to November 2015 Responsibilities:  • Responsible for developing various static and dynamic modules which are displayed in different web pages according to the specifications.  • Created paper prototypes, initial wire frames and design a strategy by collaborating with the instructional designers.  • Designed, developed and tested web pages from the level of paper prototypes to production.  • Develop web pages with functionalities like login, register, forget password, Email, Filters using Java Script, JQuery and HTML.  • Involved in developing HTML and JavaScript for client side presentation and, data validation on the client side with in the forms.  • Used JavaScript and XML to update a portion of a web page thus reducing bandwidth usage and load time and add modal dialog in web pages to get user input and requests.  • Coded JavaScript for page functionality and Pop up Screens and used DHTML to make dropdown menus on web pages and display part of a web page upon user request.  • Responsible for content and UI development.  • Developed HTML prototypes and ready XHTML documents with CSS style sheets.  • Designed dynamic client-side JavaScript codes to build web forms and simulate process for web application, page navigation and form validation.  • Worked closely with the programmers and graphic designers for project requirement and analysis.  • Produced GUI prototypes for business logic presentations.  • Test Cross Browser compatibility.  • Gathered data from API/web services via AJAX-JSON calls and updating the DOM within the result sets.  • Document the entire project, which contains detail description of all the functionalities.    Environment: HTML, DHTML, CSS, Java Script, XML, JQuery, AJAX, JSON, DOM, SQL and Windows. Education Master's Skills Html, Javascript, Angular.js, Bootstrap, Node.js, Redux, Typescript, Json, Xml, Xslt, Ajax, Dhtml, Dreamweaver, Web design, Eclipse, jquery, Html5, Ms office, Database, Mysql, React, Front End, Front-End, Angular, UI Additional Information Technical Skills:    Web Technologies HTML/HTML5, CSS2/CSS3, DHTML, XML, XHTML, XSLT, JavaScript, AJAX, JQuery, JSON, Responsive Web Design, Bootstrap.  JavaScript Libraries Ext.js, Node.js, Angular.js, Angular 2/4/6, React.js, TypeScript, Redux  IDE's and Tools Eclipse IDE, NetBean, Dreamweaver, FireBug, Developer Tools, EditPlus, JSfiddle, Webstrom, Tatastrom, Sublimetext  Development Tools Adobe Photoshop CS5, Google Ad Words  Publishing Tools Adobe PageMaker, MS Office  Database PL/SQL (Oracle), MySQL, MSSQL  Operating System Windows Variants