Front End Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Experienced Front- end developer with 2+ years of experience with strong skills in Html5, CSS3, Javascript ,AngularJS and responsive web design. Folsom,California • Detailed understanding of front- end programming : Html5, CSS3, Javascript, Jade, Angular js, Angular 2,AJAX, JSON, MVC architecture, Jquery, HTTP, Angular Material Design, Bootstrap, Angular UI Bootstrap.  • Experience using Adobe Creative Suite and MS Office- Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign, Word, Powerpoint  • Skilled on version control tools used in development process such as Git and BitBucket  • Experience working in enterprise or product architecture using tools such as NPM, bower and/or grunt Work Experience Front End Developer ThinkBridge Software Pvt Ltd - Pune, Maharashtra January 2017 to May 2018 •  Assured that all user input is validated before submitting to back- end.  • Designed and developed GUI for applications like Educaring and Prepaid Technologies using HTML5, CSS3,JavaScript,Angular JS, Jquery which communicated to the MS SQL database using C# .net web API's.  ·        Solid understanding and hands-on experience in Responsive Web Design and implemented the same on Rent My Way application to design and develop login and register functionality.  ·        Created and implemented CSS media queries for mobile responsiveness.  • Created custom and reusable AngularJS components and directives for internal framework.  ·        Managed multiple projects with a team of backend engineers and QA and developing accordingly.  ·        Migrated the code from Angular JS to Angular 2 to make the compilation faster, build optimization, to make the application support for multiple export alias.  ·        Developed several services in Angular 2 and shared them among different components using the dependency injection.  ·        Developed the functionalities under Agile Methodology, JIRA processes and used JIRA for task assignment, bug tracking and fixture.  ·        Extensively used promises (Success and Error) while making async communication. Wrote services to store and retrieve user data from the database for the application on devices with the Http service.  ·        Used Postman to test the API workflow tested on the JSON.  ·        Worked on AJAX functionality for dynamic data binding for data grid, accordion, Ajax driven menu tabs using back end service calls and consumed JSON in UI Side.  ·        Have successfully implemented Stripe payment integration into angular application.  ·        Worked as a part of Agile Software Development Methodology including Scrum technology.  • Workflow tools included: HTML5, CSS3, Javascript, Bootstrap, jQuery, Angular JS, Yeoman, Grunt and Git        Junior Front End Developer NCPL Pune - Pune, Maharashtra December 2015 to December 2016 ?     Handled UI of organization module of Clouzer Technologies.  ?     Collaborate with back- end developers to implement and improve features.  ?     Extensive working experience in Angular Material Design.  ?     Experience working in Adobe Creative Suite and designing WCAG 2.0 AA accessible templates .  ?     Follow up with Development team to solve all levels of Bugs on time.  ?     Implemented list and grid view functionality using Isotopes .  ?     Created templates with every single details.  ?     Used the new tags from HTML5 like section, header, footer and canvas for animations.  ?     In Angular JS implemented various concepts like components, directives, Data Binding, Event Binding, written services for dependency injection.  ·        Utilized Angular JS to achieve the client-side elements Hide, Show, Event Handling. Education B.E in Computer Pune University - Pune, Maharashtra 2011 to June 2015 HSC in Science Abasaheb Garware College - Pune, Maharashtra February 2011 SSC Maharashtra state Board - Pune, Maharashtra August 2008 to March 2009 Skills S/w development,Web designing (2 years), Front End (2 years), UI (2 years), Javascript (2 years), Angular (Less than 1 year), User Interface (2 years), Angularjs (2 years), Front-End (2 years), Jquery (1 year), HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, CSS, Git, HTML 5, Experience using Adobe Creative Suite and MS Office- Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign, Word, Powerpoint (2 years) Certifications/Licenses SCTS Java June 2015 to Present Completed certified course in Java technology from Seed Infotech. Angular CLI March 2019 to Present Additional Information 1. Good oral, written & presentation skills.  2. A high tolerance of stress and enjoys responsibilities.  3. Action-oriented and result-focused.    Interests & Hobbies    1. Reading books  2. Sports: Badminton, Table tennis  3. Listening music    Declaration:    I hereby declare that the above information provided is true to best of my Knowledge and belief.    Date:    Signature:  (Noopura R. Gadkari)