Web Developer Web <span class="hl">Developer</span> Web Developer - Quotient, Inc Long Branch, NJ A Web Software Developer with multiple years of post-graduate project experience providing elegant design and robust functionality to websites and web applications. I have client facing and scheduling skills including improving mapping processes and reporting project schedules and milestones. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Web Developer Quotient, Inc - Columbia, MD November 2016 to Present National Assessment Governing Board (NAGB) - Website Redesign  ? Worked on the redesign of the entire site (nagb.gov).  ? Created multiples components across the site based on the client requirements. These components were developed with JSP, jQuery, HTML, Bootstrap, AEM Slightly. Several complex components were developed with AEM Query Builder to pull page properties as need.  ? Created templates based on wireframes.  ? Scheduled weekly meetings with the client and provided weekly status report with the team.  ? Supported AEM upgrade and the replacement of the deprecated classes on some components.  ? Supported the team with the implementation of the components across the site.  ? Performed QA testing during development and supported QA testing during migration.  ? Package management across environments.  ? Created and published packages to Production site.  ? Created Analytics Monthly report for nagb.gov  ? Exported Vulnerability Monthly Report of the environments    National Assessment Governing Board (NAGB) - Nominations  ? Created Nominee self-submission and Nominator submission forms. Forms contained front- end and backend validation created with jQuery, HTML5, JSP and bootstrap, verifying files size and formatting, field population. Forms also include reCaptcha V2.  ? Created an administration dashboard enabling users to manage submissions.  ? Created a rater dashboard meeting department requirements.  ? Re-created the bulk edit page enabling administrators to add raters to the nomination categories.  ? Package management across environments.    Smithsonian - Sidora, Emammal API  ? Migrated and configured drupal 7 Workbench to a new server.  ? Updated Sidora Emammal module.    Smithsonian - Google Search Appliance Replacement  Application  ? Design entire Application mockups  ? Created application templates based on mockups with Twig, styled them with CSS3 and Bootstrap with responsive design  ? Created Mysql database schema  ? Used Symfony 3.2 to build application from scratch  ? Implemented Fr3d ldap bundle to add functionality to login with Smithsonian credentials  ? Implemented FOS bundle as login manager  ? Implemented Solarium bundle to connect with Solr Servers  ? Implemented Mongo bundle to query Nutch database from application  ? Created controller and routes based of entire application  ? Builded tool to check website status  ? Builded controller to connect with Solr servers and cores  ? Added functionality to restart server  ? Builded form to create site collection, validate form with jquery, include functionality to check exclusion format list  ? Builded functionality to execute Nutch crawl command.  ? Builded service to generate site collections cache files.  ? Builded Site Collection Controller  ? Created Site collection form  * Validate form with jquery  * Validate Exclusion list format based  * Added button to execute Nutch Crawl command  ? Created Report page  * Query urls related to site collection  * Displayed urls by type, added un-fetched list  ? Created Dynamic navigation route  * Added form to add, edit, or delete meta tags in system  * Added option to use facets  * Validate form and inputs with Jquery  ? Builded schedule functionality  * Created form that allows user to set an schedule for a collection  * Added logic begin to update system Cron jobs based on schedule saved by the user  ? Builded Keywords report page  * Created and collaborate injector command to process json search logs files  ? Builded Server configuration controller  ? Created form to add server credentials  ? Created form to update parameters.yml file  ? Builded Search controller  ? Validate received inputs.  ? Generate Xml responses, mapped based on google search appliance response.  ? Formatted html page result.  ? Builded get fields parameter functionality in order to return meta tags.  ? Builded functionality to return facets (partial fields, required fields) in collection.  ? Builded functionality to return in meta tags.  ? Included cacheManager service in order to speed up results.  ? Included Solarium bundle to return results.  ? Added custom search logging in json format.  ? Builded Keymatch functionality that allows the user to set a fix result dependents on the search based on keywords match, phrase match and exact match  ? Converted Mockups into Twig templates styled with CSS3, Bootstrap and added JavaScript functionality as required.  ? Implemented Solarium bundle which is being used to connect Symfony application to the Solr environment.  ? Integrated LDAPs with Symfony application in Centos 7 to login with Smithsonian credentials.  ? Configured Symfony application with Apache 2.4.    Nutch  ? Update Metadata filter  ? Use dynamic navigation delimiters existing in application in order format multi value fields  ? Update More Indexer filter  ? Include collection ID that associated collections in application with solr records  ? Added google off and google on functionality in order to exclude any page segments by id or classes    Solr  ? Created required cores  ? Updated core Schema base in requirements  ? Updated solr configuration core, added replication between Master and Slave servers    CentOS 7  ? Install and configured Apache 2.4.34  ? Configured SSL with Apache 2.4.34.  ? Install and configure Symfony application with Apache 2.4.34  ? Install and configured Solr 6.3.  ? Install and configured Php 7.1 and dependencies.  ? Install and configured Nutch 2.3.1.  ? Install and configured Mongodb 3.4.22.  ? Configured SELinux policy for apache, mongo and external connections.  ? Configured firewall.    Documentation  ? Wrote Installation guides of Solr, Nutch and Symfony application.  ? Wrote a developer guide.  ? Wrote Inventory.  ? Wrote deployment docs for each release.    Smithsonian - 3D DPO  ? Builded installation module.  ? Collaborate across different routes and controllers on datatables results. Full Stack Developer AP Ventures October 2015 to October 2016 Startalk  ? Created proposals, budgets and report PDFs, made with FOP utility on Node.js. Modules were made to pull information from the Postgres database and convert to XSL and XML to generate PDFs.  ? Created PDFs templates.  ? Assisted to Daily meetings with the client and provided progress reports.  ? Supported team with knowledge and ideas for various aspects of the project.  ? Created pages from scratch with their template and also created models to obtain information from the StrongLoop utility, using AngularJS to incorporate the JSON data pulled from the objects.  ? Used Git as version Manager. Full Stack Developer STS Travel November 2014 to November 2015 Created page styling line based on PSD file with HTML5, CSS3 and bootstrap.  ? Created models to pull the information required for each page from a MySQL database.  ? Used their own PHP MVC framework to accomplish this project.  ? Performed database management.  ? Created booking bar which was implemented across the site. This was created with Ajax, jQuery, PHP, MySQL and Bootstrap.  ? Created responsive breakpoints of the site based on client requirements.  ? Supported the creation of new database tables with normalization.  ? Used SVN as version Manager. Front End Developer Potomac Park February 2015 to March 2015 Front end development, created pages with an interactive map based on client requirements with HTML5, jQuery, SVG and bootstrap. Software Developer Servima del Centro October 2012 to November 2013 Created interface based on their design on the PSD files.  ? Worked with NetBeans and Java as primary language.  ? Created MySQL database schema with normalization for each table.  ? Implemented logic to print reports.  ? Created a small inventory of the company.  ? Trained users to use the system.  ? Maintenance of the system.  ? Translation of the system to a web version, with PHP, MySQL, HTML and CSS.  ? Created and set up local server for environment.  ? Created users and set up permissions for each one.  ? Assisted with weekly client meetings.  ? Provided documentation and a use guide to the client. Education Bachelor in Computer Science University Rafael Belloso Chacin 2013 Skills PHP, Javascript, Angularjs, Jquery, HTML5, Wordpress, Front End, MySQL (6 years), Mongo DB (2 years), Solr (2 years), CentOS (2 years), Angular, Nodejs Links https://github.com/januszewg