Software Developer Software <span class="hl">Developer</span> Software Developer - IBM Raleigh, NC Highly motivated and enterprising with good experience with various Web technologies.  Able to use own initiative, working alone or as part of a team under pressure to meet deadlines and objectives.  Enthusiastic learner, eager to meet new challengers and get ahead in the web industry. Work Experience Software Developer IBM - Durham, NC June 2017 to Present Watson in Support is an effort to leverage every growing set of Watson cognitive APIs in the world of the customer support. The team is responsible for translation of business needs into technical implementation using Node.js, Cloudant, Watson and IBM Cloud.    Responsibilities:  • Develop Node.js based Rest APIs, node modules for Chatbot app  • Automate API testing using postman and newman cli  • Retrieve data from relational database, SF API and Cloudant, build a hierarchy out of the retrieved data and generate Watson Assistant  workspaces for various products to be used by Watson Assistant (formerly Watson Conversation)  • Automate rebuilding Watson Assistant workspaces so 100s of product workspaces can be generated and updated at once  • Automate various tasks like build, deploy, onboard user and products, refresh server cache etc. using the Hubot API via Slack  • Promote continuous delivery on new features and requirements using Github, Zenhub, Travis Front End Developer Bank of America - Charlotte, NC January 2016 to June 2017 Worked with Teller Transformation team which involved a major project related to the bank teller transactions such as deposits, withdrawal, check  cashing and check deposits.  Responsibilities:  • Developed a high level web application using HTML, CSS, Zurb Foundation and JavaScript/jQuery.  • Fixed various defects/bugs occurring in the production environment.  • Fixed defects related to the ADA Standards.  • Involved in developing HTML and JavaScript for client side presentation and data validation on the client side within forms. Web Engineer Angie's List - Indianapolis, IN January 2014 to December 2015 Worked as Web Engineer for ecommerce Team, which involved a major project named Ecommerce Dashboard that was driven for Angies List  Members and Business Owners to help better their business through Angies List.  Responsibilities:  • Involved in development of the front- end part of the web application using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Angular JS based on client  customization.  • Worked on Amazon Web Services (AWS) infrastructure with automation and configuration management tools like Chef, Puppet etc.  • Developed, maintained and design new features for Angie's List for its Members, Service Providers.  • Participated day-to-day meeting, status meeting, strong reporting and effective communication with project manager and developers.  • Work with the latest development process called Agile (Scrum).  • Assisted in defining software development project plans, including estimation, development, testing and deployment  • Using complex objected oriented concepts in improving the performance of the websites.  • Worked closely with SQA team in fixing the reported bugs/defects and checking cross platform compatibilit y. UI Developer Priceline.com - Norwalk, CT January 2013 to December 2013 Norwalk, CT    Worked as a UI Developer for PRICELINE.COM one of the major E-Commerce Brand where people can reserve air tickets, hotels, rental cars and vacation packages online.    Responsibilities:  • Developed user interface for registration using HTML, CSS, jQuery, Ajax.  • Responsible for creating screens with table-less design meeting W3C standards.  • Developed dynamic and cross-browser compatible pages.  • Developed CSS styles to maintain the uniformity of all screens throughout the application using CSS3 media queries.  • Integrated the application with various APIs/Web Services to send/fetch data and populate on the pages developed. Web Developer Exxon Mobil - Houston, TX May 2012 to August 2012 Worked as a web developer where the team was building an employee info web based application.  Responsibilities:  • Worked with a team of front- end developers to build UI design concepts and prototypes.  • Interacted with end users and stakeholders for design validation.  • Evaluated, Analyzed and tested web interface to understand and enhance overall usability of the designs.  • Constructed presentation layer implementation using HTML, CSS, JavaScript.  • Gathered business requirements to capture user needs. Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Science University of Houston - Houston, TX Skills API, DOCKER, FRONT-END, Git, HTML Additional Information Skills Summary  Strong working knowledge of HTML 5, CSS 3, JavaScript, Node.js  Strong understanding of Object Oriented Programming (OOP) with JavaScript  Experienced with front end frameworks and libraries such as Angular, Vue, React  Experienced with GraphQL  Experience building REST APIs  Experience writing unit tests, code coverage, BDD (Behavior Driven Development) tests, TDD(Test Driven Development) tests, API tests  Experience debugging web applications, identifying bugs, technical problems and fixing them  Experience building cross browser compatibility applications using HTML5 and CSS3  Solid experience with Responsive Web Design (RWD) along with Front- End Frameworks Bootstrap, Foundation and Vuetify  Aware of international web standards and protocols  Experienced in all phase of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and worked extensively in Agile (Scrum)  Experienced with database development using MySQL, No-SQL and similar databases    Skills    Languages Libraries and Frameworks  Node, Angular, React, Vue, GraphQL, Handlebars, Watson, Vuetify,  HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, Java, Python Bootstrap, Sass, Foundation, JSON, XML, Chai, Mocha, Jasmine, Jest, Nock,  Selenium, Istanbul, Hubot, Postman  Build, Deploy, Automation Tools Version Control  Gulp, Grunt, Webpack, Docker, Kubernetes, IBM Cloud, AWS Git, Github, SVN, Perforce  IDE/Editors Project Mangement/Tracking Tools  Eclipse, IntelliJ, Sublime, VSCode, Atom, Brackets JIRA, Rally, Kanban, Zenhub, Slack  Methodologies Databases  Agile, Scrum, Waterfall MySql, NoSql, MongoDB, Cloudant  Continuous Integration OS  Jenkins, Circle CI, Travis Windows(variants), OS X, Linux, Unix