Sr. UI/ Front end developer Sr. UI/<span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">end</span> <span class="hl">developer</span> Sr. UI/ Front end developer - Panasonic Newark, NJ ? Worked with Functional Programming, Object Oriented programming and other paradigms with JavaScript - ES5/ES6/ES7.  ? Experience with ReactJS reusable components. Used JSX for templating and worked with props, state, keys, refs, events, props validation and React component life cycle for state management and Dom manipulation.  ? Working with React Router for developing SPA (Single Page Applications) - Used Browser Router for web and Native Router for mobile.  ? Used Fetch API, Axioms for making HTTP calls. Worked with many redux middleware's and third party react components.  ? Experience with ExpressJS to create server-side MRC - Model Router Controller API with Redis for caching.  ? Experience in major web application servers: Apache Tomcat, JBoss, Express Node.js, and Apache HttpServer.  ? Experience with Node.JS, ExpressJS, MongoDB, Grunt, lodash, promises, async, request, body-parser, fs, and events, Socket.IO, Zmq, Passport and Mongoose.  ? Experience in creating server-side applications using MongoDB, ReactJS and Node JS.  ? Experience in Use Cases, Sequence Diagrams and Class Diagrams using UML, J2EE Design Patterns.  ? Expertise in J2EE Architecture using Java, JDBC, Java Beans, EJB, Servlets, JSP, JMS, Struts, ANT, Log4J, UML, XML, CSS, HTML, and JavaScript.  ? Created Express.jsmodels which uses Mongoose models to query, create, update, and delete from MongoDB.  ? Experience with Socket.IO for Web Socket engine to make real-time bidirectional event-based communication.  ? Experience in developing Mean Stack (MongoDB, Express, AngularJS, Node.JS) using UI-router, Modules, Services, Controllers and custom directives using Angular-UI components (UI-Grid, UI-Bootstrap, UI-Calendar, UI-Date, UI-Layout), services ($resource) and REST API's.  ? Worked on AWS, High Availability Practices and deploying backup/restore infrastructure  ? Responsive web design(RWD) is developed using frameworks like Angular JS 2.0, typescript and MVC frameworks and Bootstrap.  ? Knowledge of HTML/CSS, Unix/ Linux platform, MySQL, jQuery, Apache Server, Ajax.  ? Replaced existed Angular2 code with Angular4 code, which decreased number of lines of code for a web application.  ? Designed and developed the login portal using framework Angular4 along with HTML5, CSS3and Type Script.  ? Nested as well as Multiple Views are created using AngularJs 2.0 typescriptUI-View&UI-serf.  ? Created Typescript reusable components and services to consume REST API's using Component based Architecture provided by Angular4.  ? Experience with ES5/ES6/ES7 features - closures, hoisting, prototypes, block scoping, rest, spread, restructuring, classes, promises, iterators, generators, async, await, maps and sets.  ? Good understanding of design patterns - IIFE, Module, Revealing Module, Prototype, Revealing Prototype patterns.  ? Proficient in HTML5 new features like Form Validation, Media (Audio & Video), Canvas, SVG, Web Worker, Local Storage, Session Storage, Web Socket, Application Storage (Offline) and Indexed DB API.  ? Experience in UI designing with bootstrap, CSS3, font-awesome icons, SVG Sprites, Google Analytics, Google Performance Metrics, Lazy loading, JavaScript and jQuery scripting technologies.  ? Created Responsive web design using Bootstrap 3, Media Queries, Fluid Layout, Responsive Images and Typography.  ? Used Bootstrap Grid System to create responsive layouts, navigation, tables, and bootstrap components like Carousel, Modal Popups, Tabs, Tables, Autocomplete.  ? Utilized Angular4 framework to bind HTML template (views) to JavaScript object (models).  ? Experience with CSS3 preprocessors styling such as SASS (Mixins, functions, variables and Interpolation) to create and reusable style sheets.  ? Having hands on experience in deploying web and J2EE enterprise applications on WebLogic, WebSphere, Tomcat and JBOSS Server.  ? Used Babel, Grunt and Webpack to perform bundling, minification, compilation and ESLint for code cleaning.  ? Worked on CI/CD with Jenkins, Gerrit, Git and AWS cloud.  ? Experience with Socket.IO for web socket engine to make real-time web application with bi-directional communication.  ? Worked with cross browser compatibility issues and did testing on the browsers like IE, Mozilla Firefox and Google Chrome.  ? Used CSS Grid System to create responsive layouts, navigation and tables. Used Bootstrap components like Carousel.  ? Used SASS pre-processor to create importable and reusable style sheets, processed on server-side.  ? Extensive experience with jQuery - CSS3 Selectors, Sizzle API, DOM traversal, manipulation and event handling.  ? Used jQuery UI controls as Accordion, Tabs, Dialog and used jQuery mobile data attributes to create mobile friendly pages.  ? Experience in JavaScript and node testing library framework such as Mocha, Chai, Jasmine and Jest. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr. UI/ Front end developer Panasonic - Newark, NJ July 2017 to Present Responsibilities:  ? Development of UI components for data visualization and ensuring timely delivery of platform components  ? Following best practices for optimal scaling of the application  ? Unit testing of components and automation of deployment, testing and build processes  ? Working in client environment  ? Extensively used Angular4 form like Template Driven forms and Reactive forms to perform validation both on server and client side.  ? With the concept of ReactJs Worked on usage metrics and end to end events tracing for analysis purpose.  ? Enhanced legacy application by building new components in Angular 2 and typescript.  ? Experienced using Angular4 for clientside data binding and template-based UI development.  ? Created Angular4 components like controllers, services, directives and forms to collect different user data and implemented form validation in Angular4.  ? Developed single page applications using Angular 2, Typescript, web pack and grunt.  ? Experience in Developing User Interface (UI) Rich Web Applications and Web Service Applications using HTML 4, XHTML, CSS 2, XML, AJAX, Object Oriented Java Script, ANGULARJS, REACTJS, BOOTSTRAP Framework, RESTful services, JAVA, JSP.  ? Design and Developed a single page application using Angular4, ReactJS, Type Script, HTML5, CSS3 and Bootstrap.  ? Developed entire frontend and backend modules using Python.  ? Rewrite existing Python/Django modules to deliver certain format of data.  ? Use XAMPP to set up local testing environment.  ? Created TypeScript reusable components and services to consume REST API's using Component based architecture provided by Angular4.  ? Help drive the definition of JS frameworks to support new features and refactor legacy elements.  ? Monitor evolving JavaScript, NoSQL and UI Framework trends and technologies for possible adoption  ? Developed front- end management features for the Ruby on Rails-based website. This involved view, controller, and model development as well as CSS and JavaScript front- end work too. SASS and Compass were used in later iterations.  ? Design and development of various front end reusable components using ReactJS with Redux as state management library  ? Designed Pdf, Excel and Print previews for all the reports in the application  ? Involved in writing application level code to interact with APIs, Web Services using redux-thunk.  ? Worked with HTML5, CSS3, JSON, JavaScript, Reactjs and ES6 for developing user interface.  ? Responsible for making responsive web pages using twitter bootstrap and media queries.  ? Developed application pages using HTML, CSS, JavaScript and jQuery.  ? Created the Node.js EXPRESS Server combined with Socket.io to build MVC framework from front- end side AngularJS to back- end MongoDB, to provide broadcast service as well as chatting service.  ? Involved in writing application level code to interact with APIs, Web Services using AJAX and Angular resources.  ? Using Semantic-UI as the CSS framework for ease of styling  ? Leveraging Redux for state management using Actions, Dispatchers, Providers, Store  ? Implemented Grails Services and controllers to perform actions. Developed the server side for REST API's using Node.JS with Express framework  ? Implementation of generic services by layering the code using callback mechanism of JavaScript  ? Developing or maintaining a production-level cloud-based architecture in AWS, including creating machine Images like AMI.  ? Application Architected and developed using Angular4, MVC framework.  ? Designed and developed an internal virtual meeting software using Angular4.  ? Using GitHub to maintain the repository.  ? Assigned the responsibilities of troubleshooting problems with Ruby and other web technologies  ? Created PrimeNGquickstart application based on PrimeNG, AngularJS2, Node.js, PrimeUI,JS and CSS technologies and involved in bug fixing.  ? Created the Node.js EXPRESS Server combined with Socket.io to build MVC framework from front- end side AngularJS to back- end MongoDB, to provide broadcast service as well as chatting service.  ? Build REST web service by building Node.js Server in the back- end to handle requests sent from the front- end jQuery Ajax calls.  ? Developed REST Services in Django Python Framework and have developed many unit test cases in Python.  ? Experience using Python and Shell Scripts.  ? Involvement in Agile methodology of project management as Scrum Master  ? Managed projects with GRUNT task runner.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, React.js, AJAX, Node.js, MongoDB, JSON, typescript, Angular4, Atom, Photoshop, JavaScript, SASS, Agile methodology, Ruby, Python, GIT and Windows. Sr. Full Stack / Java Developer AT&T - Richardson, TX June 2015 to July 2017 Responsibilities:  ? Used agile methodology and actively participated in Scrum meetings to produce quality deliverables within time.  ? Actively involved in requirements gathering, analysis, and conceptual design while upgrading the project on spring framework.  ? Used J2SE, Exception, Collections, Threads, JEE, Open Source Technologies/API for application development.  ? Used Angular JS as the development framework to build a single-page application.  ? Involved in integrating AngularJS MVC with Spring MVC.  ? Developed the applications using Java, J2EE, Struts, JDBC  ? Involved in preparing the High Level and Detail level design of the system using J2EE.  ? Coded in Angular2 MVC framework to build the Web application for the internal use of the organization.  ? Worked with HTTP/HTTPS protocols by using angular2 components to build RESTful services.  ? Created set of classes using DAO pattern to decouple the business logic and data.  ? Worked with data structure libraries such as Immutable Js.  ? Implemented asynchronous messaging service though JMSTemplate.  ? Written message driven POJO's simple java objects that reacts to messages arriving on a queue or a topic.  ? Configured spring bean with message-broker specific implementation with ActiveMQ message broker.  ? Utilized Spring Security for authentication and authorization  ? Using Spring JMS, Implemented Topic publish method in the JMS Connection Pool.  ? Utilized Java Messaging Service (JMS) API for listening to messages from MQ queues and conversion of string messages to message entities.  ? Implemented Message Driven Beans(MDB) asynchronously receiving message from the Queue.  ? Implemented agent-server messaging dialog using Camel and JMS (Active MQ implementation).  ? Used Spring-JPA API for the persistence layer implementation.  ? Used Spring JPA templates, JDBC templates for the DAO classes.  ? Used JPQL to persist, retrieve data objects to be used by presentation layer JSTL, JSP pages.  ? Created Triggers, Views, Stored procedures, functions and packages in JPQL.  ? Used Service Oriented Architecture(SOA) for implementing Restful Web services.  ? Involved in developing the Restful Web Services using Spring MVC to extract data from the databases.  ? Consumed Web Service for transferring data between applications using Restful API's along with Jersey API and JAX-RS.  ? Developed Open stack API to Integrate with Amazon EC2 cloud based architecture in AWS, including creating machine Images  ? Analyzed the Node.JS server structure in legacy project, then mimicked the REST service by using Java JAX-WS API and did the corresponding configurations.  ? Develop functions, stored procedures and write queries using Oracle database.  Develop the interface for the application using JQuery, CSS and HTML.  ? Hands on experience in writing light weight Node.js express server, and using technologies like Ajax, JavaScript/jQuery, JSON to make connections between server and databases like MongoDB and MySQL.  ? Used ReactJS to create Controllers to handle events triggered by clients and send request to server.  ? Experience in working with React Router for developing Single Page Applications SPAs.  ? Developing high-quality Web applications while improving and maintaining an existing MVC code base in Ruby on Rails.  ? Responsible for modifying and extending open source applications like Ruby and jRuby.  ? Implemented REST web service using JAX-RS API annotations.  ? Developed Restful Web services to allow communication between applications over HTTP.  ? Build REST web service by building Node.js Server in the back- end to handle requests sent from the front- end jQuery Ajax calls.  ? Analyzed the Node.JS server structure in legacy project, then mimicked the REST service by using Java JAX-WS API and did the corresponding configurations.  ? Worked on JSON for representing data records over HTTP protocol using GET, PUT, POST, DELETE methods.  ? Implemented various complex PL/SQL queries.  ? Created Business Logic using Python.  ? Worked on core java, using file operations to read system file (downloads) and to present on JSP.  ? Wrote PL/SQL stored procedures and did performance tuning of complex queries using SQL Navigator.  ? Used various Core Java concepts such as Multi-Threading, Exception Handling, Serialization, Collection APIs to implement various features and enhancements.  ? Implemented concurrency control mechanism in multi-threading through Monitors.  ? Used Concurrency concepts, Garbage collection, Exceptional Handling, Memory management, and OOPS concepts.  ? Used concurrency utilities like blocking queues, executor service, and thread pool executor.  ? Developed the Maven scripts for preparing WAR files used to deploy J2EE components.  ? Used WebSphere Application server to deliver a new class of enterprise applications that enhance business interactions and transactions between a company and its key constituencies.  ? Used SVN as source control management tool  ? Interacted with the users and documented the System.  ? Generated JRXMLS and integrated into my project.    Environment: Java1.7, J2EJSP, HTML, CSS, Angular JS, Angular2, ReactJS, Node.js, JavaScript, XML, XSD, JSP, J2SE, J2EE, Servlets, WebSphere Application server, SOAP, JPA, Spring Framework, SVN, Oracle 11g, PL/SQL, Agile, MAVEN, Eclipse, Linux, Ruby, Python, JNDI, Active MQ, PL/SQL. UI Developer Amtrak - Washington, DC August 2013 to June 2015 Responsibilities:  ? Used React JS for templating for faster compilation and developing reusable components.  ? Involved in development, design and implementation of front end part of the application.  ? Developed the UI Screens using HTML5, DHTML, XML, Java Scripts, Ajax, JQuery Custom-tags, JSTL DOM Layout and CSS3.  ? Leverages knowledge of W3C standards, classical Model View Layer (MVC) architecture and cross-browser development techniques.  ? Worked on the modernization of a legacy and outsourced UI technologies used were Angular.js, Ext.js, and JQuery.  ? Created sites to organize client contracts and to summarize monthly financial data using Ember.js and MySql.  ? Utilized Node JS to create a fast and efficient chat server.  ? The concepts of cross-platform environment Node.js are successfully implemented on the Linux based Grunt (JavaScript task runner)  ? Developed web presentation layer using HTML and CSS per internal standards and guidelines.  ? With the help of Angular JS library functions for the logical implementation part at client side for all the application.  ? Used Angular JS in development of the web application to bind the data/model that is being retrieved from a database through services provided in a controller to the view using scope.  ? Maintaining current (existing) ASI's website.  ? Handled Client-side validations using JavaScript  ? Developed the whole application module using object orientedJavaScript and jQuery and made more interactive with the help of AJAX.  ? Created responsive web pages on the tool using Bootstrap and CSS framework.  ? Used Ember JS framework for creating single page applications.  ? Used a combination of jQuery plugins, as well as completely custom JavaScript to build AJAX-driven user interface.  ? Fetching the data from GitHub and making some changes in it and checking in the code.  ? Used Node.js to develop faster, scalable application.  ? Successfully handled JSON /XML data and carried out JSON/XML parsing for form submissions and DOM manipulation.  ? Achieving RWD by using Bootstrap, Foundation and writing some media quires for CSS.  ? Used MongoDB for storing data in JSON.  ? Used Core Java to create modular program and reusable codes.  ? Building web services by using RestAPI and SOAP  ? Used ASP.NET framework for building web applications using Web forms, MVC and Web API.  ? Used Entity Framework for accessing data code that need to write.  ? Used JQuery plugins, autocomplete validation, drag and drop and more exceptionally.  ? Used the Node.js MVC Frameworks in the development of the web applications.  ? Involved in writing application level code to interact with APIs, RESTFul Web Services using AJAX, JSON.  ? Effectively utilized the features of CSS3 and HTML5 to present data in a visually appealing format.  ? Multi-column layout was adopted and used jQuery UI to make it more user friendly and compact  ? Responsible for checking cross browser compatibility and hence worked on different browsers like safari, Internet explorer, Firefox and Google chrome.    Environment: HTML, DOM, DHTML, XHTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, JAVA, AJAX Controls, Wireframes, Adobe Flash, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Dreamweaver CS3, GIT, Quality Control, Quick Test Pro, JIRA, Web Services. UI Developer Underwriters Laboratories - Northbrook, IL January 2012 to July 2013 Responsibilities:  • Involved in gathering the Requirements, Analysis, Design & Development of the project.  • Design and development of various components of user interface using web technologies like HTML5/CSS3, Angular JS and bootstrap.  • Using AngularJS as framework to create a Single Page Application (SPA) which can bind data to specific views and synchronize data with server.  • Enhancing the existing web application to follow strict MVC patterns using AngularJS for improved source code maintenance which resulted in  • Using Node Package Manage (NPM) as package manager for JavaScript, GULP for task runner, which handles template cache and code minification and Bower for installing frontend dependencies.  • Used Node.JS for processing the incoming data in each level and generate a document and save it to MongoDB.  • Design and implement Vantage system Focus on bond reference data evaluation data market transaction data aggregation data collecting and presenting front- end functionality using jQuery/JavaScript/ Angular JS/JSON/Oracle /My SQL / JDBC and improve the accessibility of website for bond transparency  • Performing Verification and validation process for the code written by making use of Jasmine and Karma JavaScript testing framework by testing across various scenarios of the Angular JS applications.  • Involving in Agile based approach to UI development Managed and implemented all codes changes via SVN. Deploying builds across development, Staging and production instances and maintained code integrity.  • Design and prototype high performance Excel API.  • Working in client environment    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery2, JSON, DOM, Node.JS v4.0, AngularJS 1.5x, Bootstrap3, Drupal, GULP, Subversion (SVN), Apache Tomcat8.0, AJAX, Agile, XML, JAVA, Eclipse. Java Developer Nvidia Graphics Pvt Ltd - IN June 2010 to December 2011 Responsibilities:  • Extensively involved in requirements gathering and analyzing them, checking the dependencies and design of the project.  • Implemented server-side tasks using Servlets and XML.  • Designed and developed User Interface using JSP, CSS, HTML and JavaScript. Used JavaScript DOM manipulation and JavaScript event to generate the data result in UI.  • Designed and Developed Java Script frame work for UI Configuration widgets.  • Used OO Java Script, JSP, jQuery, HTML and CSS to develop the application.  • Involved in redesigning the entire site with CSS styles for consistent look and feel across all browsers and all pages.  • Responsible for transforming design mock-ups to W3C standards compliant HTML pages using HTML, XHTML, CSS.  • Wrote code to fetch data from Web services using JQUERY AJAX via JSON response and updating the HTML pages.  • Wrote script for AJAX implementations in the website.  • Performed XML Transformations from value objects to XML and from xml to HTML data.  • Designed and developed views, controller and model components implementing Struts Framework.  • Responsible for the process of UI design for Internet sites and applications.  • Used Cascading Style Sheet (CSS) in web pages to separate presentation from structure.    Environment:Java, J2EE 6, Windows NT 4.0, UNIX, My Eclipse IDE, JSP 2.1, Servlets 2.5, Apache Tomcat 6.0, Web logic, JDBC, XML, HTML4, Oracle8. Education Bachelor's Skills JAVASCRIPT (8 years), JSON (8 years), XML (8 years), JAVA (8 years), jQuery (8 years), Angular, Front End, UI, Front-End, React Additional Information Technical skills:    Web Development: HTML5, SASS, CSS3, JavaScript, Express.js, React.js, Angular.js Node.js, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, typescript, HTML5, AMI, API's.  Databases: MongoDB  Web Technologies: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Angular JS, ReactJS, Node JS, AJAX, JSON.XML, Rest, Soap, J2EE, J2SE, SASS, LESS, Bootstrap, SQL, MYSQL.  J2SE Technologies: Core Java, Threads, Swing, I/O, JavaBeans, JDBC, JSP, Servlets, JDBC, Hibernate etc.  Programming Languages: Java, JavaScript, SQL  Operating System: Windows, Linux, UNIX, Mac OS X  Software Tools: Microsoft Visual Studio, Photoshop, Dreamweaver  IDEs worked on: Notepad++, Visual Studio, Eclipse and Web Storm, Atom  Application Servers: Apache Tomcat, Web Logic, Web Sphere.