Digital Designer Digital Designer Yogatech Activewear - E-commerce Project Manager - Leacheng Group Bronx, NY Passionate about creative projects and the evolving world of technology. Seeking to join a NYC based team focused on Web Design and Development. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Digital Designer deBanked - Brooklyn, NY March 2019 to Present • In house creative responsible for digital and print content creation and updates. Collaborate with Advertisement and Eventd/Marketing team to consistently improve user experience.  • Create email campaign design mockup and convert to HTML/CSS and ensure code is compatible across all platforms  • Develop website design mockups. Maintain front end responsive design on website and mobile version using Javascript,HTML,CSS, while testing and debugging   • Freelance Digital Designer and Front End Developer cindyrecile.com May 2017 to Present Implement the design process from concept to execution through brand development, site mockups, wireframe,  responsive design, and UX/UI. Present a step by step solution with clients and communicate project updates through each stage. Yogatech Activewear - E-commerce Project Manager Leacheng Group May 2017 to March 2019 Strategic visual branding of a startup Activewear brand. Website design and maintenance. Product photography and creative direction. Assisted in Product Development for Fall 2017 and Spring/Summer 2019 capsules.  Managed B2B and B2C sales accounts. Lead wholesale presentations and managed communication with  buyers. Creative Consultant Noli Yoga October 2016 to May 2017 Assisted in textile print placement with the Product Development team. Designed graphics for web banners,  creative content, native ads, and marketing materials for print. One of my edited photo content was featured  onon Yoga Journal. Created a new size chart on website with infographics using Photoshop and Illustrator.  Result of the improved page increased sales by 35%. 90 Degree By Reflex - E-commerce Manager Reflex Performance Resource Inc November 2015 to October 2016 Merchandised collection on Shopify and Amazon Seller for three different E-commerce sites. Updated  web content daily.Collaborated on email campaign and social media projects with our Marketing Specialist.  Handled product photography and planned creative direction with team. Directly handled customer inquiries through email and phone contact. Communicated with our warehouse team on customer orders, and samples  for wholesale and marketing. for wholesale and marketing. E-commerce Assistant FO USA - Bitz Kids November 2014 to April 2016 Responsible for online E-commerce customer service and shipment of orders. Under creative direction of management I worked on product photography, editing images on Photoshop, and drafting newsletter campaigns  and social media post. I assisted in updating merchandise information on the website and categorizing the collection weekly. Education Certificate New York Code and Design Academy August 2018 BA in Psychology City College of New York 2012 Skills HTML (1 year), CSS (1 year), Photoshop (5 years), Illustrator (4 years) Links http://dribbble.com/cindyr-design http://linkedin.com/in/cindy-recile-047702126 http://github.com/cr-project Assessments Graphic Design Skills — Expert January 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to create visual media to effectively communicate information and concepts. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/tabhvs1vk8hb22e0 Critical Thinking Skills — Proficient January 2019 Measures a candidate’s ability to use logical approaches when solving problems. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/l67xzvhrtked-xht Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.