Full Stack Java Developer Full Stack Java <span class="hl">Developer</span> Full Stack Java Developer - Crius Stamford, CT • Around 7+ years of experience in design, coding, unit testing and deployment of Java/J2EE various Web Applications and Web Services both REST/SOAP Services.  • Strong hands on experience in developing Single Page Applications (SPA) with Angular Framework.  • Experience in developing rich user Interface using HTML 5, CSS, LESS, Bootstrap and Angular.js.  • Strong Experience in developing optimized web applications with JavaScript, JQuery, Require.js, Backbone.js, d3.js and Twitter Bootstrap.  • Strong experience in designing N-tier architecture applications.  • Solid experience in using Java Design Patterns and Unified Modeling Language (UML) in designing JEE applications  • Experience with services, pipes, form validation, Reactive forms in Angular 2.  • Extensive development experience in object oriented analysis, design and programming (OOA/OOD/OOP) throughout complete SDLC in various models like Waterfall and Agile.  • Excellent programming skills in JAVA, HTML, DHTML, JavaScript (NodeJS on serverside), JSP and XML Technologies.  • Expertise in using J2EE design patterns including Front Controller, Data Access Object, Session Façade, Business Delegate, Service Locator, MVC, Data Transfer Object and GOF patterns - Factory, Abstract Factory, Singleton, Adapter, Observer, Composite etc.  • Extensive experience in design and implementation of MVC architecture using STRUTS 1.x/2.x, SPRING 3.x/4.x and JSF Frameworks.  • Extensively used Angular 2/4 with HTML, CSS, and Bootstrap to create rich User Experience.  • Good working experience with HIBERNATE 3.0/4.0 open source object/relational mapping framework.  • Strong experience in database design using SQL, PL/SQL-Stored Procedures, Functions, Triggers, Sequences, Packages and Views.  • Excellent hands on experience with Servlets, JDBC, EJB 3.0-Session beans, entity beans, JMS, XML, XSLT, DTD, XSD and DOM/SAX.  • Experienced in dealing with Cross Browser issues very effectively and work on almost every web Browsers Safari, Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox and Google Chrome.  • Experience with Workflow management & Batch processing.  • Expertise in Unit testing using JUnit, Mockito & Karma/Jasmine, Selenium, Integration testing, Smoke testing & System testing.  • Hands on experience in creating build scripts using Maven, Gulp and Grunt  • Excellent problem solving, analytical and leadership skills and ability to perform independently or as part of a team.  • Excellent Team Player. Excellent communication skills. Work Experience Full Stack Java Developer Crius - Stamford, CT September 2018 to Present Crius Energy, LLC is one of the largest independent energy retailers in the United States, providing  electricity, natural gas and solar energy products to more than one million residential and commercial  customers. We connect with consumers through an innovative family-of-brands strategy and multi- channel marketing approach. The result is a broad, well-differentiated platform that minimizes risk while providing customers with unique and customized brand experiences.    Responsibilities:  • Engaged in all phases of SDLC in involving specifications, gathering Requirements, Designing, Coding, Testing, Deploying, and Maintaining in implementing projects.  • Developed the application by using Scrum methodology in agile environment.  • Used JIRA to report the hours and issues that are related to the project and Worked with mortgage express vendors to get all the connectivity needed details for the applications for both the production and non-production environment.  • Implemented rich user experience with frontend technologies like HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap library.  • Involved in development of various Spring Boot based Micro services and supported legacy Spring MVC application stack which was hosted on WebSphere environment.  • We hosted all our micro services in AWS Cloud infrastructures using Jenkins CICD pipeline.  • Developed and maintained swagger documentation for all the Restful web services.  • Responsible for maintaining and expanding AWS (Cloud Services) infrastructure, developed various Cloud Formation templated (CFT's) to maintain various stacks on AWS.  • Involved in writing of multiple responsive web applications (client side) using Angular Framework.  • Created Typescript reusable components and services to consume REST API's using Component based architecture provided by Angular 4.  • Involved in writing of multiple batch jobs using Spring Batch frame work where we configured both annotation/xml beans to support various business functionalities.  • Involved in various tasks in support of coding and creating web pages using JavaScript/HTML, JavaScript, JSP.  • Involved in writing of test cases using Junit and Mockito frame work and maintained a branch coverage above 80% which is a mandatory requirement.  • Followed Acceptance Test Driven Development with the help of Cucumber framework where we automated the test execution of each feature we developed.  • Have Experience in using Github repository to run the Jenkins job for Continues Integration while developing the applications and posting them in GIT.  • Extensive use of Docker for developing test cases and performed unit and integration, tested by using JUnit.  • Developed Groovy scripts to test Report application output  • Used UNIX shell scripts for implementing daily jobs.  • Involved in raising questions for business, getting answers from them, bug fixing, and tracking is done by JIRA.  • Ability to work under pressure, easily adaptable and Self-motivate.    Environment:  JDK 1.8, Spring, java 1.8, AWS, JPA, Java Script, JQuery, HTML5, CSS3, GIT Hub, JSON, Angular 2/4, Groovy, DB2, Gradle, Junit, EasyMock, MongoDB, Jenkins, maven, Cloud Services, log4j, Jasmine, Selenium, HttpUnit, SoapUI, EclEmma, Sonar, JQueryUI. Full Stack Java Developer Albertsons - Pleasanton, CA January 2017 to August 2018 Albertsons Companies' O Organics line is one of the nation' s largest brand of USDA-certified organic products, with annual sales over $1 billion. The O Organics line offers a wide array of different  products, giving every customer on every budget access to healthy, organic items. Our goal is to give  each customer a fantastic shopping experience.    Responsibilities:  • Used Scrum as development methodology, participated in Daily Scrum meetings, Sprint planning and business planning for the user stories.  • Involved in the web application where we used various modules of spring frame work for Dependency Injection (DI/IoC).  • Involved in development of REST Web services using Apache Axis2 to extract client related data from databases.  • Used JIRA issue tracker to file the bugs.  • Implemented Presentation layer using CSS Framework, AngularJS, Wire-framing, and HTML5.  • Involved in writing Oracle PL/SQL stored procedures, triggers, views, joins.  • Implemented JPA (ORM mapping tool) framework to interact with the database to update, retrieve, insert and delete values effectively.  • Developed Apache Ant script to create war/ear file and deployed on the application server.  • Developed a fully functional prototype application using JavaScript (jQuery and Backbone.js) and Bootstrap, connecting to a REST-full server on a different domain.  • Configured tiles-defs.xml file to configure the presentation views.  • Used hibernate.config.xml file to configurations and mapping entries to access database.  • Used struts-config.xml file for defining mapping definitions and action forward definitions.  • Utilized the JQuery, AJAX, and JavaScript to render widgets on web pages  • Involved in the development of presentation layer and GUI framework using CSS3 and HTML5. Client Side validations were done using JavaScript.  • Utilized Agile Methodology (SDLC) to manage projects.  • Involved in writing Jenkins pipelines which are used to automate the build process.  • Used Jacoco plugin and enforced code coverage of 80%.  • All the spring boot based micro-services (RESTFUL API's) developed with MongoDB (NoSQL) as back end database.  • Expertise in the use of Java/J2EE design patterns like singleton, MVC, builder and strategy patterns.  • Involved in the creation of exhaustive Junit Unit Test Cases.    Environment:  Java 1.7, J2EE, JSP, Servlets, REST web services, Apache Axis2, Spring 3.0, Hibernate 3.0, XML, XSD, Schema, PL/SQL, Agile methodology, Oracle WebLogic 10.0 Server, Oracle 10g, Apache ANT, Unix, Junit 4.0, AJAX, Eclipse, JavaScript, JQuery, PL/SQL, JIRA, Angular.js, Mongo DB. Java Developer Garmin - Olathe, KS March 2016 to December 2016 Support Landing: Support landing site is the home page for users looking for Garmin Support information. Users can access the Support Landing page through various links within the Garmin.com Support Site. This application provides products details, FAQS, Software details to the Garmin users.    Responsibilities  • Involved in database modeling applying the normalization rules  • Developed Code using Struts framework, based on the MVC design pattern  • Developed the presentation layer using Struts Tag Libraries  • Developed the application with iterative methodology, recapturing the existing code and writing a new code for most of the modules.  • Created POC for Spring Batch for running batch jobs.  • Worked on backend logic using Servlets, EJB and JDBC.  • Developed page specific elements, handlers, web beans, view helper classes, JSP pages & fragments by using design patterns and java standards.  • Analyzed, designed, validated the business logic of the system and implemented the application  • Developed business services using EJB's and used SOAP API.  • Translated functional requirements into technical design by gathering the user stories.  • Involved in debugging the product using JIRA Bug Tracking.  • Involved in developing the UI pages using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JSON, jQuery and AJAX.  • Implemented multiple high-performance MongoDB replica sets on EC2 with robust reliability.  • Written JQuery Validations for the User Front-ends.  • Maintenance of data in different Oracle Database and environments using TOAD.  • Worked on Hibernate object/relational mapping per database schema.    Environment  Windows XP/2000, Java 1.3, J2EE, Struts 1.1, EJB 2.0, Servlets, Session Beans, JavaScript 1.3, HTML, CSS, JQuery, JSON, Oracle 8i, Ajax, MongoDB, Soap, Toad, Eclipse 3.1, WebSphere Application Server 5.1, WebLogic, Apache CXF, MySQL, XSLT, JUnit, Log4j. Jr.Java J2EE Developer Yana Software Pvt Ltd - Hyderabad, Telangana July 2013 to August 2015 The product was online banking system which provides personal savings details to the clients. It offers a wide range of financial clients and as per users account status offers him to take up the new schemes. Upon the user request it generates the corresponding requests and sends to the user.    Responsibilities:  • Used the light weight container of the Spring MVC Framework to provide architectural flexibility for inversion of controller (IOC).  • Involved in the complete Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) phases such as Requirement Analysis, Design and Implementation of the project.  • Used Spring Framework for dependency injection.  • Implemented and deployed several EJB (Session and Entity).  • The front end of the project is designed on MVC architecture using struts, Tiles frameworks.  • Involved in Configuring tiles-def.xml, web.xml and struts-config.xml according to the strut framework.  • Used LOG4J for error logging at the development box and used ANT for building the deployable EAR/WAR components.  • Used WebSphere Application Server for deploying various components of application.  • EJB's were running under the hood of WebSphere container/server.  • Implemented Back office loan services and web applications using Session Façade, Service Locator, Data Access Objects, Business Delegate, MVC, Front Controller and Data Transfer Object design patterns.  • Created DB2 SQL Procedures, Functions & Stored Procedures, Nested Tables, Cursors, DB2 Packages, Reports & SQL Functions for Reports.  • Developed the application using RAD model.  • Worked with VSS Version control to create virtual library of computer files.    Environment:  Java1.5, JSP2.0, Servlets2.4, EJB2.0, Struts1.2, Spring 2.0.3, JDBC3.0, Design patterns, Html, XML, CSS, Log4j, Ant, Web services, RAD6.0, IBM WebSphere server6.1, IBM DB29.0, VSS. Front- End Developer Pravaas Realty Management Pvt Ltd - Bengaluru, Karnataka May 2011 to June 2013 Call Center employees use this application to help customer to pay their bill and aware them about their account behavior which helps customers to get new offers. Employees can see the previous records and give suggestions to the customers about their billing details.    Responsibilities:  • Developed programs to port the xml data to the database to make the website XML driven.  • Worked with CSS Selectors, classes, pseudo classes, and Inheritance and cascade concepts Responding to inquires/issues from end users related to active directory.  • Developed UI using IDE Tools like Eclipse, NetBeans for Web development.  • Profound Knowledge in Document Object Model (DOM) and DOM functions.  • Implemented the Drag and Drop functionality using jQuery framework.  • Used AJAX, JSON along with jQuery to request data and response processing.  • Involved in debugging the Java code to understand the interaction between modules in the project.  • Responsible for consuming the REST services, getting JSON response and parsing them to get the required information.  • Performed optimization of SQL Queries and Store Procedures by normalizing tables.  • Worked on jQuery extensively for various user interactions features and to achieve uniformity through all the web pages.  • Experienced in finding leaks and bugs in application using Jasmine-testing framework.  • Successfully executed all the test cases and fixed any bugs/issues identified during the test cycles.  • Usage of AJAX programming to interface with MYSQL database.    Environment:  HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, DOM, XHTML, Twitter Bootstrap, SQL, Ajax. Skills Eclipse, Java, Spring, Jbuilder, Jdk, jquery, Jsf, Jsp, Jstl, Struts, C++, Gradle, Html, Javascript, Jenkins, Scripting, Svn, Database, Db2, Sql server Additional Information Skills:    Programming JDK 1.5, 1.6, 1.7,1.8, C, C++  Server Scripting JSP1.2,2.1, JSP-EL, JSTL, Custom Tags  Client Scripting JQuery 1.8,1.9, JQueryUI, Dojo, ExtJS, AngularJS, JavaScript, CSS2, CSS3, HTML4, HTML5, NodeJS  Java Frameworks Struts 1.2, Struts 2.1, Spring MVC,DI, AOP, JSF 1.1, JSF 2.1, GWT, Vaadin  Database Tools Toad for Oracle, Toad for MySQL, Toad for DB2, Toad for MS-SQL, ERWin, MySQL Workbench  Databases DB2, MS-SQL Server, HSQLDB, PostgresSQL, MySQL  Version Control Tortoise SVN, Rational Clearcase, Accurev, GitHub, CVS  IDEs Eclipse 3.0, 3.1, My Eclipse 4.1, IntelliJ, NetBeans, JBuilder 2007, JDeveloper.  Build Tools ANT 1.7,1.8,1.9, Maven, Gradle  Continuous Integration Jenkins, Hudson, Bamboo  White box Testing Junit 3, Junit 4, DB Unit, JUnitPerf, HttpUnit, LoadTest, TimedTest, Selenium, Fitnesse, EasyMock, PowerMock  Black box Testing JMeter, LoadUI, LoadRunner, HP Quality Center, WinRunner  Application/web Servers WebLogic 8.1, 10.0, WebSphere 7.0, Tomcat 6.0,7.1  Methodologies Agile (XP, Scrum), Rational Unified Process(RUP), Waterfall, Kanban  HTML Editors MS-Frontpage 2003, Adobe Dreamweaver, Coffee Cup HTML  Cloud Computing AWS - EC2, RDS, S3, Dynamo DB, IBM Bluemix  Micro Services Swagger, Pivital Cloud Foundry, Spring Micro Services, Springboot