Senior UI Developer Senior UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> Senior UI Developer Green Bay, WI • 9+Years of extensive experience as a UI Developer with expertise in developing and deploying Web applications.  • Experience in developing professional web applications and single page application using HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, JavaScript, jQuery, XML, JSON, AJAX, Angular JS, Angular 2.0, ReactJS, Node.js.  • Experience in developing software applications in Angular JS using components, observables, router, classes, services.  • Used Angular JS to implement Modules, Filters, Services, Controllers, Factories, HTTP caching and Angular UI bootstrap.  • Expert in working with Node JS server-side application to implement concepts like Event Dispatcher, Express.js to authenticate Google, token, file system.  • Experience with NodeJS platform, npm, Common JS, grunt & gulp, bower, forever and Nodemon.  • Proficient in developing applications using CSS preprocessors like SASS and LESS.  • Implemented adaptive as well as responsive web design with html and CSS tactics using media query, grid view, viewport for seamless experience on mobile, tablet and desktop.  • Experience in implementing store actions, installing React Router, React - Redux app to handle real time data, API calls from Thunk Redux in ReactJS.  • Experience in developing applications using JAVA with various J2EE technologies Collections, Multithreading, JSP, Servlets, JDBC, Java Beans, JNDI, JMS and Web Services.  • Highly skilled in using Bootstrap for tables, grids, form elements, carousels, layouts, Toolbars, Panels, Buttons.  • Experience in using various jQuery UI controls and corresponding Event handlers etc.  • Good in using latest software development approaches including MVC, event driven applications using JavaScript, JSON, SOAP, RESTful Services and XML.  • Experienced in developing and consuming REST and SOAP web services for real time data transfer by using JSON (JavaScript Object Notation) and XML.  • Familiar with the most popular browser debugging tools such as Firebug, IE Tester, Chrome Element Inspector, Responsive Inspector for common browsers.  • Extensive knowledge in creating CFML and PHP web applications.  • Good in Oracle database, SQL server, mongoDB and Creating Database tables, inserting and updating data into database through website applications.  • Good in Photoshop and Sketch tools.  • Knowledge in design graphic user interface elements like menus, tabs and widgets using Photoshop, illustrator.  • Skillful in Templates, Mockups, Prototypes and Layouts using tools like BALSAMIQ.  • Experience in Agile Methodology and Scrum Software Development processes.  • Experience in Wireframes and Mockups, outlining the user flow and interactions.  • Responsible for checking cross browser compatibility and hence worked on different browsers like Safari, Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox and Google Chrome.  • Used Web Sphere Application Server, Web Logic Application Server and Apache Tomcat in all my projects and successfully deployed and compiled many of the applications on them.  • Ability to write clear, well-documented, well-commented and efficient code for web development.  • Good knowledge on distributed version control tools like GIT, SVN and CVS and has an excellent experience in Agile/Scrum methodologies.  • Strong skills in organizing, problem-solving, communication and planning with ability to work in team environments. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior UI Developer Schneider - Green Bay, WI August 2018 to Present Persent    Schneider National is a provider of truckload, intermodal and logistics services. Schneider's services include regional, long-haul, expedited, dedicated, bulk, intermodal, brokerage, cross-dock logistics, supply chain management, and port logistics. Developed a Time Sheet Management application for the employees and drivers of the company. Maintained the Trucks records for easy accessibility for the drivers.    Responsibilities:  • Designed dynamic and browser compatible pages using HTML5, SASS/LESS, CSS, Bootstrap, Worked with Angular 4 Controllers, Directives, Factory, Services, Events, Angular Routing and UI router.  • Created applications using Bootstrap along with Angular 4.  • Designed Frontend with in object oriented JavaScript Framework like Node.js. Well-versed in Object Oriented Programming (OOP) with JavaScript.  • Evaluated forms, events, keys, Router, Animations and flux concept using React JS.  • Used Polymer JS in creating web components and developed browser API's to custom HTML elements.  • Used Polymer for creating custom elements in web applications.  • Authored REST based Web API wrappers to integrate with conventional Web Services. Developed Web API using Node JS and hosted on multiple load balanced API instances.  • Added user validations and user permissions by using the Node.JS.  • Redesigned application using jQuery which resulted in 30% decrease in response time, and 25% less code.  • Managing databases and experience in deploying with AWS.  • Created Stacks using Amazon Cloud Formation templates to launch AWS Infrastructure and resources. Used AWS Lambda to manage the servers and run the code in the AWS.  • Worked with directives like Components - directives with a template, Structural directives to manipulate DOM layout by adding and removing DOM elements. Also used attribute directives to change the appearance or behavior of an element, component, or another directive. Implemented Structural Directives like NgFor, NgIf to change the structure of the view.  • Created RESTful web services using Node.js and Express.js for accessing the driver's records.  • Worked with version control tool Git to manage code repository.  • Experience in developing the Single Page Applications (SPA) using React JS.  • Used React JS to create controllers to handle events triggered by clients and send request to server.  • Used React-bootstrap and SASS for handling responsiveness in the application and parse correct styles on prop changes.  • Mobile friendly Responsive Design using CSS/LESS Preprocessor and media queries.    Environment: Angular 4.0, Polymer JS, React JS, Redux, Node JS, TypeScript, Bootstrap, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JSON, jQuery, AJAX, LESS, SASS, AWS, Oracle, GIT. Senior UI Developer Securian Financial - Saint Paul, MO November 2016 to July 2018 Securian Financial Group, Inc. is a mutual holding company that provides a range of financial products and services. Founded in1880 Securian provides insurance, investment and retirement products and services to more than 16 million clients in the United States and Puerto Rico.    Responsibilities:  • Built Web pages that are more user-interactive using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Bootstrap and Angular 2.0, ReactJS, Redux.  • Experience in using various features of Angular 2.0 like data binding, routing, custom filters, custom directives, string interpolation to meet custom requirements.  • Worked on React JS Virtual Dom and React views, rendering using components which contains additional components called custom HTML tags.  • Used React Redux architecture to manage the different states of the application by combing ideas from React Flux to implement the single page application.  • Extensively used JavaScript for page functionality and responsive tooltip plugins using jQuery.  • Experience of working with SASS and task runner like Gulp JS.  • Included JSON for massive data transfer between Client/Server. According to different component coding structure, AJAX calls were consumed by XMLHttpRequest object (JavaScript) and $http service (AngularJS).  • Used Angular 2.0 for both single-page applications and adding enhanced functionality to build client centric applications.  • Developed RESTful web services including JSON formats for supporting client requests, Used Apache CXF for enabling the development of RESTful services via annotations using the Http binding.  • Used Promises to make RESTFUL API calls for persistence and retrieval of data.  • Used latest web technologies ECMA Script 6, React JS and Angular 2.0 implemented as a backend server.  • Developed API's, database querying pattern for retrieval of data and use session tokens for auto sign on functionality.  • Used GEOTOOLKIT to create bar chart and box plot to Time series widget.  • Worked with Cassandra DB for persisting data and user session variables.  • Used Node Package Manager (NPM) to manage the modules and used it to install useful tools such as Express.  • Developed the application on Node-JS platform using Java script programming. Used Node-JS and Bootstrap for developing web enabled applications.  • Used TypeScript to write class, interface, module statements, navigation and refactoring.  • Implemented singleton pattern for class using TypeScript.  • Used React-Autocomplete for creating Google maps location search on the webpage added Excel-Builder to download the Tabular data in Excel format using react.  • Developed container components as the logic layer for the UI components.  • Worked on querying MySQL schema for retrieving information from multiple tables.  • Maintained Cross Browser compatibility & implemented Responsive Web Design using Twitter Bootstrap and custom media queries, etc.  • Participated in everyday SCRUM meetings to discuss about ongoing project and related issues.    Environment: Angular 2.0, React JS, Redux, Node JS, TypeScript, Bootstrap, HTML/HTML5, GEO TOOLKIT, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript, JSON, jQuery, AJAX, LESS, SASS, MySQL, GIT, Mocha and Chai. Front End Developer AXA Equitable Life Insurance Company - New York, NY September 2014 to October 2016 AXA Equitable Life Insurance Company, formerly The Equitable Life Assurance Society of the United States, also known as The Equitable, or simply AXA was founded by Henry Baldwin Hyde in 1859.  Loan Servicing Project is for designing and developing the loan origination system for TD Bank, including loan application, credit pull, loan decision, workflow and task management modules. The project would help build up the loan origination service which can process more applications in less time and at a lower cost.    Responsibilities:  • Involved in Requirements analysis, understanding the requirements of the client and the flow of the application as well as the application Framework.  • Re-platforming web design includes HTML, XML, CSS3, Bootstrap, LESS, JSON, JavaScript, jQuery, Angular 2.0, Node JS.  • Expertise in DOM manipulation using JavaScript, jQuery and Angular 2.0.  • Used features in Angular 2.0 such as data binding, routing, custom filters and custom directives.  • Used Bootstrap components of Angular UI like carousel, collapse, dropdown, and tabs to develop dynamic responsive Web Application.  • NodeJS is been used for developing I/O intensive web applications like, single-page application, Used NodeJS and written an application in JavaScript and can be run within the NodeJS runtime.  • Used NodeJS for management on interchange of the data between the servers and the users with the help of web sockets.  • Web application development for backend system using Backbone.JS  • Implemented Backbone Js client side validation and Implemented Backbone JS modules.  • Used Angular 2.0 to create maintainable and testable single page application and Implemented 2-way data binding and used ng-filters across the applications.  • Used Web Services for the client and server communication and JSON to parse data over HTTP.  • Worked with various building blocks such as models, views, events, routers and collections in Angular JS.  • Used BackboneJS for making AJAX calls (GET, POST) for triggering or fetching data from Restful API's provided by the backend team.  • Worked with Backbone and Node to give a structure with rich API over a RESTful JSON interface.  • Developed a core component of Analytics with Node.js, Angular.JS.  • Proficient in developing Single Page Applications (SPA) using handlebars, backbone.js and Node.js  • Worked on services $timeout and $interval in Angular. Also created custom services.  • Created controllers and view pages along with Bootstrap and HTML5 for dynamic web application.  • Used LESS preprocessor to create importable and reusable style sheets, processed on server-side.  • Used AJAX and JSON to make asynchronous calls to the project server to fetch data on the fly.  • Source code control and version control application are applied using SVN.  • Build REST web service by building Server in the back- end to handle requests sent from the front- end jQuery Ajax calls.  • Strong development skills including RESTful Web Services.  • Used Firebug and IE Developer Toolbar for debugging and browser compatibility.  • Used webpack, babel and gulp for transpilation (compilation) configuration for typescript to be converted to JavaScript.  • Proficient in working with task runners GULP and GRUNT.  • Involved in Agile process, monthly Sprints, and daily Scrums to discuss the development of the application.    Environment: JavaScript 1.8.5, HTML5, CSS3, Less, Node JS v2.3.0, Unix, Eclipse, RESTFUL Web services, Bootstrap, Grunt, jQuery, Angular JS, NPM, bower, JSON, Ajax, JSP, GitHub, MongoDB, Backbone Js. UI/UX Developer Nuance Communications - Mahwah, NJ March 2012 to August 2014 Nuance is an American based multinational computer software Technology Corporation, headquartered in Burlington, Massachusetts, United States on the outskirts of Boston that provides speech and imaging applications.    Responsibilities:  • Extensively involved design discussions and user experience sessions to provide inputs on the layout and UX.  • Developed custom web application interfaces using HTML and CSS to meet the requirements of the client.  • Responsible to design the browser compatible pages using HTML5, CSS, JavaScript and jQuery.  • Handled all aspects of the UI development including developing, testing/debugging, and deploying.  • Responsible for design and development of the web pages.  • Used Dependency Injection Pattern to reduce the dependency coupling between classes and in frontend using AngularJS.  • Used AngularJS Services like $http, $root, $scope, $rootScope all over the application as needed, used Bootstrap in combination with AngularJS to develop this website as a responsive website.  • Illustrate design ideas using storyboards, process flows and sitemaps UI/UX Designer & Developer.  • Developed UI/UX with Twitter Bootstrap front- end frameworks to add responsiveness, CSS3 and jQuery libraries used to customize front- end.  • Experience interface UI/UX strategy, UI requirements, converting findings into UI designs.  • Build page navigation buttons and search fields.  • Conduct layout adjustments based on user feedback.  • Developed GUI using JavaScript, HTML, CSS and JQuery in ongoing projects.  • Used jQuery to make the HTML and CSS code interact with the JavaScript functions to add dynamic data to the web pages.  • Consumed WSDL provided by Web Service using SOAP protocol to communicate with external applications and vendors.  • Integrated SOAP Web services to save and retrieve the records dynamically from the database on the front end, it avoids refreshing of total page.  • Built a cross-browser graphics library using SVG and Canvas.  • Used AJAX and JSON to make asynchronous calls to the project server to fetch data on the fly.  • Developed CSS styles to maintain the uniformity of all the screens throughout the Responsible for design and development of the web pages from mock- ups.  • Create original graphic designs (e.g. typography, images, sketches and tables)  • Design graphic user interface elements, like menus, tabs and widgets using Photoshop, illustrator.  • Involved in design and user experience discussions to gather input on layout and UX.  • Managed cross-browser/platform compatibility issues (Internet Explorer, Firefox, and Safari on both Windows and MAC.    Environment: HTML5, Java Script, CSS3, Dreamweaver, Adobe Flash, jQuery, WordPress, AngularJS, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator, Adobe InDesign, Sketch. JAVASCRIPT Developer Walgreens - Chicago, IL August 2011 to February 2012 Responsibilities:  • Involved in development, design and implementation of front- end part of the application.  • Developed the UI Screens using HTML, DHTML, XML, Java Scripts, AJAX, jQuery Custom-tags and CSS3.  • Responsible for the overall layout design, color scheme of the web site using HTML and CSS3 and Responsible for creating detailed wire frames and process flows.  • Implemented user interface guidelines and standards throughout the development and maintenance of the website using HTML, CSS, JavaScript and jQuery.  • Involved in integrating the front end UI to the back end using Struts/Spring framework.  • Developed cross-browser/Platform HTML5, CSS, and JavaScript to match design specs for complex page layouts while adhering to code standards.  • Used JavaScript DOM manipulation and JavaScript event to generate the data result in UI.  • Used AJAX for asynchronously exchanging small amount of data with the server behind the scenes and updating the JSP page.  • Worked on AJAX controls like Update Panel to manage the post back of the web page to server, AJAX Script Manager and Script Manager Proxy controls to register JavaScript and web service files.  • Converted wireframes into templates and created brand identity using HTML, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX and JSON.  • Worked with complete redesigns of a daily events website and focused on improving readability, utility, and overall UX.  • Worked with the team of architects and back- end Developers to gather requirements and enhance the application functionality and add new features.  Environment: JavaScript, HTML, CSS3, jQuery, JSON, AJAX, Servlets, JSP, Notepad++, Dreamweaver, SOAP, DOM, Windows. Front End UI Developer Apple - Sunnyvale, CA March 2010 to July 2011 Responsibilities:    • Developed web pages using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, DOM, JSON, jQuery and AJAX  • Designed single page applications using Angular.JS.  • Designed and developed the layouts using CSS3 and HTML 5  • Coordinated with the Business Analysts and conducted feedback sessions with the Associates in order to understand the requirements of the user interface layout of the web application.  • Developed cross browser and multi browser compatible web pages using HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript.  • Debugged the website using Chrome Developer's tool and manipulated the nodes using DOM functions.  • Created the logos, images and icons that were used across multiple pages using Adobe Photoshop.  • Defined and developed the presentation layer of the application using HTML 5, CSS3 and JQuery.  • Produced content pages with CSS3 layout and style markup presentations and also used JavaScript methods and properties.  • Developed the pages that are complaint to W3C and ADA standards.  • Used JIRA tool for task assignment, bug tracking and fixture.  • Designed animated icons, vector and bitmap images, and graphic objects, graphic designs, application buttons, and animated buttons, shopping cart images in Adobe Web Premium tools like Adobe Flash, Action Script 2.0, Adobe Photoshop CS, Adobe Illustrator CS, Adobe Fireworks and GIF Animator.  • Designed UI patterns, UX patterns, GUI designs, page illustrations, and user conceptual designs, templates and banners by using Adobe Flash, Action Script 2.0, Adobe Photoshop CS and Adobe Illustrator CS.  • Used JSON for data exchange between client and server.  • Used Ajax to reduce the network load and update only the certain components of the website.  • Actively participated and provided feedback in a constructive and insightful manner during weekly Iterative review meetings to track the progress for each iterative cycle and figure out the issues.  • Designed the Front- end screens using JSP, Servlets, HTML and JavaScript, Angular JS  • Ensured site design integrity and quality control consistency throughout the project's lifecycle.  • Updated the website from time to time for special Requirements.  • Responsible for quality assurance of finished websites including the validation of web forms and links.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, Angular.JS, JavaScript, JQuery, XHTML, JSON, AJAX, Adobe Photoshop, JIRA, SVN, MS Office, Visual Studio 2010. Education Bachelor's Skills Visual studio, Cucumber, Git, Javascript, Bootstrap, Node.js, Redux, Typescript, Json, Php, Svn, Html5, Sass, Soap, Ajax, Coldfusion, Dreamweaver, Tomcat, Ui web, Web logic Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  UI Web Technologies  HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, JavaScript, JSON, AJAX, jQuery, Angular JS, Angular 2.0, Angular 4.0, Node.js, React Js, Redux, Ploymer JS Typescript, Backbone.js, Ember.js, Gulp.js, Grunt.js, LESS, SASS    Backend Core Java, PHP, ColdFusion  Database Oracle 10g/11g, SQL Server, My SQL, No SQL Oracle, Mongo DB, Cassandra  Testing tools JASMINE, Mocha, Chai & Cucumber.  Web Services SOAP, RESTful  Repository Tools Git Hub, SVN, CVS  IDE Tools Eclipse, Visual Studio coder, Sublime, Web Strom, Atom, Dreamweaver  App/Web Servers Tomcat, Web Sphere, Web Logic  SDLC Methodologies Agile, Scrum & Waterfall