Server Server Mesa, AZ Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Server Culinary Dropout - Gilbert, AZ March 2019 to Present server of fresh and local foods and craft cocktails while interacting with guests. Server Firebirds Wood Fired Grill - Gilbert, AZ February 2017 to July 2018 Fine dining experience serving top cut meats, a variety of wines and cocktails, chicken, handhelds, and fresh seafood. Front End Web Developer CLEARLINK - Salt Lake City, UT September 2015 to March 2016 Responsibilities  Learned the skills of coding and social media marketing by designing websites and publishing then to social media sites and servers. Front end web development: Used html, java script and Css. And social media platforms for frontier and Verizon. Human resources/inventory Mr. Bingo - Mesa, AZ December 2014 to August 2015 Responsibilities  Recruited and screened workers, processed new hire paperwork, filing paperwork and getting all their information put into the system as well as working with payroll.   Used excel to stay up to date with supplies and have a well organized list of all products that came into and left the office. Cheer Coach Tumbling - Gilbert, AZ February 2013 to July 2015 Coach for childrens tumbling: Levels 1-5, Beginning through advanced tumbling kids ages 3-18. Coached cheer level 1 and 2. Able to spot athletes on many skills. Working on developing proper cheer level skills knowledge for level 3-5. Helping to better childrens ability to be active through the skills of tumbling and stunting while pushing them in a positive and efficient way to help them better their skills. Law Firm Assistant Biddle Law Firm - Mesa, AZ June 2013 to December 2013 Assisted in scheduling appointments, created summary of clients needs and situations, helped in organizing files and checking up on clients. Education General Studies Program Chandler Gilbert Community College Present Skills Microsoft office. HTML, JS, very proficient in Mac & PC (5 years), Waiter, Restaurant Server, Sales, Customer Service, Server Additional Information Qualifications    • Excellent customer service skills. Able to answer questions and assist people in a friendly, professional manner. Anticipate customer's needs for a welcoming and customer-focused environment.  • Excellent organizational and time management skills, ability to prioritize and meet deadlines under pressure.  • Able to respond to customer inquiries and concerns by researching and identifying positive solutions  • Excellent interpersonal and conflict resolution skills resulting in highly productive relationships  • Able to accurately track, transcribe, store, and maintain information in written or electronic form. Very Skilled in Microsoft, very Profficent with Exel,word and power point.  • Excellent client-service skills, including oral and written communication with exceptional influencing skills.  • Ability to effectively contribute to a positive team environment and work toward achieving both personal and group goals  • Strong team player with excellent work ethic and high integrity.  • Very good with computers programs on PC or Mac, very quick to learn and able to adapt quickly to new systems and/or programs.