Sr. Software Engineer Sr. Software Engineer Sr. Software Engineer Buena Park, CA the Disney ABC Storyline, DTCI Design System, and Disney ABC Intelligence Scheduling  products. Contributed on the team that was responsible for the Disney Upfront Sales  Recognized by 10 years of experience in software development. Takes  product. Recognized by GitPrime as the highest performing engineer.  pride in his ability to perform well with requirements gathering,  product design, critical thinking, organization, estimation, scheduling,  Prototyped solutions serving as proof of concepts when approached with a  and building products. Enjoys the discussion of the distinct parts of  unconventional design and concept. Produced high-quality and high performing  systems and their connections to his work. Analyzes requirements and  deliverables. Contributed and authored key components for 5 products for the  creates high-level blueprints to guide product management and peers.  duration of employment. Delivered work on-time by estimating tasks with high level  Ability to design, develop, test and evaluate software with quality.  of granularity and accuracy. Worked collaboratively in high stress environments.  Strives for quality internal to the project as well as cosmetic details  Maintained performance when there were levels of uncertainty, ambiguity and shifting  visible to the user. Excels in architecture and construction of re-usable  priorities. Excelled in a rapid iteration environment with short turnaround times. Took  front- end architecture. Adrian is an well educated designer showing  pride in his ownership of the products assigned to. Communicated effectively both  passion with multiple disciplines. He is recognized for his ability to  verbally and in writing.  delight the user with proper use of color theory, visual composition,  and high performing solutions. Further, he is mindful about the visual  Responsible for writing web automation tests using Selenium Java. Focused on writing  design decisions made by product design and how they impact the  JS using the functional paradigm. Experienced with modern JS dev workflow. Used  user's abilities to adopt a product. More importantly, how visual design  technologies such as Webpack, React, Redux, RXJS, Jest, Karma, Flow, ESlint, JSS, and  decisions can impact timelines. Believes that the overall success of a  Node.js middleware such as Express.  product, depends on appropriate use of Design Principles such as the  Gestalt Principles. Acknowledged for collaborating with multi-faceted  UX Solutions  business teams, meeting tight project deadlines and showcasing a high  Worked closely with product teams to provide JS/ React solutions for complex product  spirited work ethic. Acknowledged for his hard work and commitment  features. Interfaced closely with Product design teams. Improved product composition  with any associated project. Loves to work and works well locally and  and increased product adoption.  remotely.    DISNEY PRODUCTS Work Experience Sr. Software Engineer Disney - DTCI January 2016 to May 2019 M: 626 399 5431 | E: squirmlabs@gmail.com REACTJS, UI Solutions  Orange County CA, 90620 Worked on a total of 3 different teams and 8 different products for the duration of employment. Focused on a "quality in and quality out" mentality. Lead UI efforts for Front End Web Developer loanDepot March 2010 to July 2012 During employment Adrian used the following skills: Mastery of HTML/HTML5 and CSS. Was recognized for his  strong working knowledge of cross-browser/cross-platform development methods. Was recognized for his  working knowledge of modern object-oriented JavaScript. Solid working knowledge of image editing tools  (Photoshop/Fireworks). Working understanding of responsive design and other modern web techniques.  Recognized for his knowledge of page layout design, typography and usability design. Solid experience working with Microsoft (Visual Studio 13, TFS, IIS7) and related tools strongly desired. Working knowledge of ASP.NET  MVC and/or C#.    • Designed and developed landing pages to increase conversion and lead revenue.    • Created mobile optimized experience for consumer facing web applications.    • Increased use of customer event tracking and enhanced website metrics/ reporting.    • Communicated best practices and effectively work with a variety of team members, including project  managers, directors, designers & technical staff.  HISTORIC EXPERIENCE Freelance March 2009 to March 2010 Crowsnest, loanDepot] - Front End Web Developer    Served as lead Front End Web Developer for multiple projects. Created core templates and CSS framework for developers to build on. Worked with tight deadlines and various off-site developers to complete such tasks:    • Themed and integrated Telerick RadControl elements.    • Create UI Plug-ins [Modals, in-page editing (CMS)]    • Helped design effort to create rich UI experiences.    • Translated verbose business requirements into an intuitive web application Front End Web Developer CT2 Technologies June 2007 to September 2008 Worked closely with clients to provide Design and HTML/CSS solutions. Produced high-quality, properly functioning deliverables the first time. Delivered work product  according to established deadlines. Estimated tasks with a level of granularity and accuracy commensurate with information provided. Worked collaboratively with a small team. Excelled in a rapid iteration environment with short turnaround times. Dealt positively with high levels of uncertainty, ambiguity and shifting priorities.  Accepted a wide variety of tasks and pitch in wherever needed. Constructively present, discuss and debate alternatives. Shared ownership of the product. Communicated  effectively both verbally and in writing. Took direction from team lead. Education Illustration / Graphics Art Center College of Design Pasadena 2008 to 2010 Skills Javascript