IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager - Philips, Healthcare Manchester, NH Work Experience IT Project Manager Philips, Healthcare - Andover, MA April 2017 to Present • Manage, track, and report on all integration decommissioning opportunities.  • Created a dashboard to improve the communication and visibility of the integration decom roadmap  • Published communications to increase visibility of Foundation Architecture projects. IT Project Specialist / Jr Architect Philips, Healthcare - Andover, MA June 2014 to April 2017 • Connected with co-workers globally to work together on architecture governance, solution architecture, infrastructure architecture, capability frameworks, and proof of concepts.  • Successfully implemented a tool that improved demand management for Foundation Architecture.  • Owner of Architecture, Strategy and performance SharePoint.  • Discovered visibility issues across architecture domains resulting in a complex governance process. Collaborated across domains to improve the process, visibility, and communications with the Foundation team. IT Project Specialist Co-op Philips, Healthcare - Andover, MA June 2013 to November 2013 • Connected with co-workers globally to work together on reporting solutions.  • Created and improved reports that visualized data of IT projects, services, and applications.  • Analyzed data on 12,000+ servers and 6,000+ applications to visualize 'at risk' services that run day-to-day operations.  • Worked with cross-functional (Infrastructure and Operations, IT Delivery, Finance) and cross-sector (Healthcare and Lighting) to enable transparency between departments and sectors. Database Analyst Rochester Institute of Technology - Rochester, NY November 2012 to May 2013 • Managed a database (102 tables) with a Microsoft Access front-end accompanied with a MS SQL Server back-end  • Created an organizational system to manage releases and patches for database analysts and general database users  • Developed a tool to automate a financial reporting process to save 5-6 hours of time per financial analyst. Education business analytics accompanied Rochester Institute of Technology - Rochester, NY 2009 to March 2014 Skills MICROSOFT SHAREPOINT (2 years), SHAREPOINT (2 years), ACCESS (Less than 1 year), .NET (Less than 1 year), ADOBE PHOTOSHOP (Less than 1 year) Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/jeremybanker Additional Information Skills  General  • Professional communication, organization, and presentation  Software  • Microsoft Visual Studio, Office 365 (Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Access, MSSQL Server, OneNote), Microsoft Visio, Microsoft Lync, Microsoft SharePoint, SAP, Adobe Photoshop, Notepad++, Eclipse IDE, Microsoft Teams