IT Project Manager / Business Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> / Business Analyst IT Project Manager / Business Analyst Chicago, IL Work Experience IT Project Manager / Business Analyst Quantum Group - Chicago, IL October 2015 to Present Scrum Master for an agile team for over 50 development sprint cycles, setting and achieving team sprint goals and leading all agile ceremonies during the planning, development and retrospective phases.  ? Developed and implemented an agile scrum process for the IT department covering software development, internal and external facing applications, and new client implementations.  ? Subject matter expert and primary IT system support contact for multiple clients covering healthcare insurance, pharmaceutical, financial investment, photobook and telecommunications industries.  ? Program implementation manager for a healthcare insurance client to support a high volume open enrollment in a condensed four month timeframe, resulting in $2MM annual revenue.  ? Managed multiple program implementations for a large photobook client, met strict project timeframes for peak seasonal production, resulting in $1.8MM annual revenue.  ? Scoped and managed build of an internal file delivery system, handling $10MM of business. Maintained project timeline and budget across a nine month design, build and rollout.  ? Designed and implemented a central knowledge base for the company that increased team productivity. The knowledge base has been referenced as a resource in over 77% of IT tickets since implementation.  ? Prepare weekly, monthly and quarterly analytical review of adherence to SLAs and present to c-level executives.  ? Gather feedback from diverse internal and external user group to improve user experience and satisfaction rates. Lead - Hosting GoDaddy - Scottsdale, AZ January 2013 to September 2015 Coached, trained, and managed multi-channel support team of 14 responsible for $2.88MM annually.  ? Implemented new paid services contributing to a $1 MM growth in new client revenue in Hosting department.  ? Initiated project to standardize the creation of escalated support tickets resulting in decrease of turn time by 30% Department Manager Consolidated Graphics - St. Louis, MO January 2010 to September 2012 Managed 12 front office and production employees responsible for over $2.5MM sales annually.  ? Identified areas to control labor resulting in a decrease of labor cost by 26% while maintaining production quotas.  ? Analyzed monthly job cost reports and presented monthly performance reports to senior leadership team.  Project Manager - Implementation, Phoenix, AZ  ? Coordinated web based ordering platform at multiple facilities across the country, including nine unique websites with over 1,500 products totaling over $ 2MM sales annually.  ? Collaborated with clients to gather requirements for programming and to ensure a productive user experience.  ? Built test cases and conducted quality assurance checks prior to release to end users.  Technology Associate - Leadership Development Program, Baltimore, MD  ? Created wireframes and test case scenarios and primary liaison with offshore team during the design phase.  ? Assigned client implementation and launched within 30-day period mandated by customer after eight-month delay.  ? Rotated through production and account rotations, exposed to Production, Accounts Payable and Job Costing. Education Bachelor of Science in Graphic Information Technology Arizona State University - Tempe, AZ 2009 Purdue University - West Lafayette, IN Skills CSS, DNS, DEVOPS, HIPAA, ANDROID, IOS, JIRA, SQL, EXCEL, MICROSOFT OFFICE, OUTLOOK, POWERPOINT, WORD, PHOTOSHOP, MAC, ADOBE ILLUSTRATOR, HTML Certifications/Licenses Driver's License Certified ScrumMaster (CSM) August 2018 to August 2020