IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager Concord, CA Driven IT project manager with over 20 years of project management and information technology experience. Strengths include being highly adaptive; efficient with time management and multitasking; sensitive to project cost management; able to anticipate potential risks, plan for them and implement solutions; and able to coordinate multi-disciplinary teams effectively. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager Sephora - San Francisco, CA June 2016 to February 2019 Responsible for the acquisition, preparation and deployment of all technologies related to the opening of new retail stores, as well as the relocations, expansions and remodels of existing stores. Acted as the liaison with multiple internal teams and multiple external service providers to support all technology aspects. Oversaw more than fifty $100k+ projects in 2018 alone. Developed processes to streamline project builds, implemented budgeting tools and integrated with vendor systems. Working as a team we were able to save Sephora over $600,000 in 2018 by replacing a key partner with one that was more agile, thereby obtaining better service for a much lower price. IT Manager ImmunoScience, Inc - Pleasanton, CA January 2016 to January 2016 Responsible for all computer and network security, administration and maintenance at five locations. Projects completed include:  o Implementation of a Cisco VPN solution to link offices and allow researchers in the field secure remote access to vital enterprise systems, o Rehabilitation of the company BSL3 lab,  o Evaluated, purchased and implemented a Vaisala Veriteq validated continuous monitoring system for all xGMP lab equipment.  In addition, I assisted with technical writing of procedures and other documentation for xGMP compliance. Self Employed Kirker Enterprises - Concord, CA March 2012 to March 2012 This entailed providing an array of IT project management and support services for companies of various sizes.  Some of the larger companies included:  o Ball Metal Beverage Fairfield required end user support as well as regularly scheduled maintenance of their PC and network infrastructure in both their office and factory environments,   o Wincor Nixdorf required ATM hardware and software break/fix throughout Northern California,  o OnForce (contracts for AT&T, Dell), o TekSource (contracts for Office Depot, Williams Sonoma),  o ServiceLive (contracts for OfficeMax, Sears)  o Fujitsu, Xerox, Gurus2Go and many more. Education Bachelor's in Computer Science California State University-Monterey Bay - Seaside, CA Present Associate in Computer Science Diablo Valley College - Pleasant Hill, CA May 2013 Skills Php, Software development, Android, Java, Css, Integration, Waterfall, PMP, PM, Information Technology, Project Management, Itil, Python, Html, C++ Links http://www.JohnLester.info Military Service Branch: United States Marine Corps Rank: Cpl Certifications/Licenses CompTIA A+ Present Additional Information SKILLS    PC / Server / Long Term IT Agile & Waterfall Regulatory  Network Setup Planning Methodologies Compliance  Android, C++, Java, Python, CSS, HTML 5, PHP, PLC System Vendor  Software Development Web Development Automation Integration  Project Vendor Stakeholder Risk Cost Critical  Leadership Negotiations Communication Management Controls Thinking