Project Manager / Business Strategist <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> / Business Strategist Dallas-Fort Worth, TX Project Manager with 3+ years of proven success managing small to large scale projects in the telecommunications space. Projects have been led using cross-functional teams with a focus on Information Technology Infrastructure projects to include mergers & acquisitions, software distribution, network, planning & engineering, security, and end user support. Experience also includes business operational tasks like audits, global clearances, real estate, and business continuity. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager / Business Strategist Infinite Enterprises LLC - Dallas-Fort Worth, TX December 2016 to Present * Developed company business strategies and implemented best practices on all internal and client facing project work  * Created partnerships with companies, vendors, and hired multiple contractors that supported the developed business strategies.  * Managed contractors that had assigned duties such as technical/proposal writing, graphical design, marketing, admin work as well as the client communication process for all potential and current clients. IT Project Manager Specialist - III Verizon Communications - Dallas-Fort Worth, TX December 2015 to Present • Responsible and accountable for creating detailed project plans, providing executive readouts, maintaining comprehensive project sites to communicate the status on current projects, and coordinating multiple projects related towards the organizational objectives.   • Lead Project Manager for the Wireless, Wireline, and Consumer Mass Business IT College Hire/Intern Program for 2016-2017  • Led a project that adds and maintains over 1500 applications/tools in the Wireless, Wireline, and Consumer Mass Business IT organizations are properly registered with assets and retired when necessary.   • Audit SPOC for 3 different VP’s to provide monthly status updates, identify and mitigate delays, coordinate action plan developments, obtain action plan approvals from Director’s and VP’s, and collect closure evidence for all audit projects  • Responsible for ensuring over 1000 applications in the Wireless, Wireline, and CMB organizations are global security compliant.   • Documented and executed Global Clearances for the Digital Workplace Organization, which included application, resource, and security review. IT Project Manager II Verizon Communications - Dallas-Fort Worth, TX November 2014 to December 2015 • Responsible and accountable for creating detailed project plans, providing executive readouts, maintaining comprehensive project sites to communicate the status on current projects, and coordinating multiple projects related towards the organizational objectives.   • Provided exceptional SharePoint 2013 support, which included permissions and site set-ups for various groups in our organization.   • In preparation of the 2015/2016 Work Stoppage Event, managed and led a project with 6 lines of business POCs, engineers, and techs to establish and set up over 2,000 PC’s with appropriate software and system access in 10 Verizon and non-Verizon locations. .   • Allocated 1300 resources to Emergency Work Stoppage assignments, ensured training was completed, replaced resources that had restrictions, complied spreadsheets and documents for management review, and distributed weekly communications.   • Created and developed a new process for managing our organizations IT Audits and Real Estate endeavors, which increased overall on time completions 99%. IT Project Manager I Verizon Communications - Dallas-Fort Worth, TX July 2013 to November 2014 • Conducted various project team calls to review project milestones, timelines, and budget. Ensured project deliverables were completed by the appropriate team members and assisted when necessary.   • Successfully planned and executed the IT encompassing {network and Wi-Fi installation, number porting & VoIP phone set-up, and server configurations} real estate move for 650 users. Coordinated and scheduled vendor meetings and walkthroughs at the new site.   • Assisted in the planning and execution of Verizon’s technology merger and acquisition of Terremark’s 2300 users into Verizon standards. This included helpdesk, end user support, network, active directory, software, and PC’s.   • Reviewed and complied weekly status reports for the organizations SVP, which would be distributed to the CIO.   • Developed company business strategies and implemented best practices on all internal and client facing project work  • Created partnerships with companies, vendors, and hired multiple contractors that supported the developed business strategies.  • Managed contractors that had assigned duties such as technical/proposal writing, graphical design, marketing, admin work as well as the client communication process for all potential and current clients. Education Masters of Science in Informatics Texas Woman's University Master's Certification Michigan State University Bachelor of Business Administration in Management Information Systems Texas Tech University - Tech, Texas, US Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/simplybritt Awards Superior Customer Experiences 2013-12 Managed a project team of 8 engineers/ technicians that involved moving over 650 Terremark users to a Verizon owned facility. We saved the company over 1 million dollars in real estate costs. Performance Excellence 2015-11 Managed a project where we ensured over 10,000 employees that had emergency work stoppage assignments were enabled with the appropriate application/system access they required. Effective Leadership 2016-03 Band 7 women who were rated leading during their performance reviews were nominated to attend this leadership program. Certifications/Licenses PMP June 2017