IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager - Anheuser-Busch InBev O'Fallon, IL Micah Woolfolk is a degreed professional with his Masters in Integrated Marketing Communications, Bachelor’s in Communication and Technical Writing, and his PMP from May 2018. He is currently set to receive his ITIL™ from Axelos. He has a range of experience as a Project Manager in the commercial construction space, however, prior to that, he worked for Express Scripts as a Business Analyst. While there, he was responsible for leading change management projects, increasing management of data, and serving as a Project Manager for the Compliance and Privacy Taskforce. Micah recently attained his PMP Certification and ITIL Certification in an effort to increase his opportunity in the field of Project Management as it relates to IT. He has excellent communication skills, a driver personality, and is eager to join a company where he can further his career and be an active contributor. Highly skilled in the use of Salesforce, Jira, Confluence, AS2 Connection, with basic understanding of Mulesoft Intergrations. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager Anheuser-Busch InBev - St. Louis, MO 2018 to Present • Oversaw Project Amazon TailEnd Spend: Joint global procurement project venture with Amazon. By lean process improvement with BI tech integrations into legacy system we achieved 100% KPI's ? Cut costs by 32% in three months. Cut inventory waste by 35%. Cut delivery time by 20% in all materials procurement. High level use of Salesforce, JIRA, and Confluence for project and change management.  • Oversaw Project W2 Self Service: HR, Tax, & Payroll project venture. By lean process improvement with BI tech integrated into legacy system we achieved goal KPI ? 90% adoption rate increase by 4,000. 20% reduction in IT support calls & tickets saving $20K every 1st quarter. Top 5 departments to achieve global new accountability & sustainability goals for 2018 IL - Project Manager Nations Equipment & Design - St. Clair County 2017 to 2018 1st Level project manager producing profitable, quality, closing results in the commercial construction space for several projects expertly managed to deliver the on-time, on-budget results, learning and integration the organizations need.  • 100% Closure rate of 17 individual commercial projects in reginal and national location that increased the company's growth locally by 19%, producing new service products offering, and generating over $500,000 in revenue.  • Implemented training and development program of 10 member staff in management processes and disciplines areas for program schedule, quality, communications, resources, cost, procurement, risk, stakeholder and change resulting in three staff promotions, 25% productivity increase and staff incentive achievement two quarters in a row. Privacy Department, Business Analyst - HIPAA EXPRESS SCRIPTS - St. Louis, MO 2015 to 2017 Convey clear data solutions communicating process improvements for Corporate Compliance and Privacy. Implement core competencies, on-time deliverables and performance guarantees by federal HIPAA and HITECH laws.  • Apply agile process solutions within HIPAA department, increasing management of data of classified Department of Defense (DoD) and private clients and creating $300K in cost savings.  • Lead change management projects for process improvements, accomplishing $400K savings over two years with creation of high-efficient, online training and development modules in enterprise call centers. Contract & Regulatory Compliance (CRD), Business Analyst EXPRESS SCRIPTS 2013 to 2015 First adviser to The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS), for HIPAA education and privacy goals. Principle leader for change management to increase guaranteed performance. Applied innovative agile methodology to codify solution for Maximus, Qualified Independent Contractor (QIC).  • Increased client Performance Guarantee from 91.5% to 95% in 1 year.  • Led new client's implementation processes, creating SQL solutions for need-based identifiers, aligning prior authorization goals with high-performance training and minimizing cost of HIPAA violations.  • Authored #3 series of Team Building and Development SOPs for management and current use, achieving 80% adoption rate, increasing Med A, D, and C claims rate.  • Coordinated lean projects, improving HIPAA reporting by 25% in 2014 and 33% 2015. Education Master of Science in (MS), Administration, Integrated Marketing Communications Lindenwood University - Saint Charles, MO 2016 Bachelor of Science in (BS), Communication, Technical Writing University of Missouri - St. Louis, MO 2013 Skills PM, Waterfall, PMP, Scheduling, Outlook, Estimating, budget, Maintenance, Word, Microsoft Project, Sales, Customer Service Links http://micahwoolfolk.workfolio.com http://www.linkedin.com/in/micahwoolfolk Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) February 2018 to February 2022 Assessments Project Management Skills: Time Management — Proficient August 2019 Prioritizing and allocating time to effectively achieve project deliverables. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/u0ueozt-y-2nnacm Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.