IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager - Huntington National Bank Denver, CO PMP certified Project Manager with experience in IT and Telecommunications seeking new opportunities in the Denver area; self-relocating. Detail oriented self-starter with strong organizational, analytical, decision making, and problem-solving skills. Exceptional verbal and written communication skills; ability to explain project status, risks, issues and concepts clearly and concisely to various audiences. Consistent ability to develop rapport with cross-functional team members, project sponsors and stakeholders. Dedication to providing project deliverables on schedule with precision. Work Experience IT Project Manager Huntington National Bank - Columbus, OH October 2018 to Present - Directing projects within the Enterprise Information Management / Enterprise Data Warehouse (EDW) / Business Intelligence / Data Analytics space from initial project discovery meetings through project closure.  - In this position I gained experience working on a variety of projects including those to ingest and model data from source systems for analytical purposes, working with architecture teams to set up infrastructure to stand up vendor software, and routine upgrades to existing applications.  • Successfully completed an enhancement project which involved coordinating with our IBM vendor to implement their Workload Manager tool on our PDOA appliance to better enable database administrators to identify inefficient queries and tune them accordingly.  • Guided our BI team through an upgrade of the MicroStrategy application to the latest version which required coordinating with our mobile app and SSO teams.  • Managed a 2,000-hour, multi-phase project to bring in data from our Digital Money Manager application into the warehouse to be modeled and used for marketing analytics purposes and pushed to MicroStrategy allowing business users to pull custom reports and visualizations of the data.  • Orchestrated a 5,000-hour project with over 40 resources to replace our homegrown hierarchy system. I coordinated with our infrastructure and DevOps teams to set up physical Cisco servers and install vendor software. This project also involved working closely with our vendor and SalesForce team to configure workflows and complete data loads into the new tool.  - Organizing with project sponsors, business system analysts, architects, developers, and QA teams to complete projects through the lifecycle following internal process and utilizing a mix of project management methodologies.  - Detailing project statuses via reports, project plans, project schedules, WBS tools within the ServiceNow platform as well as Microsoft Project  - Coordinate with resource managers to ensure appropriate individuals are allocated to projects and monitor team members hours to confirm project is on budget  - In addition to my normal work activities I volunteer on the department committee to help plan fundraisers and team-building activities in our department. I also enjoy taking advantage of other company sponsored volunteer opportunities such as serving lunch to families at the Ronald McDonald house. Senior Project Manager CenturyLink December 2015 to October 2018 • Location: Remote    - Executed implementation of telecommunications products such as T1, Ethernet, OWS, CPE, Data Center, VoIP, SIP, SD-WAN.  - Planned and managed multiple simultaneous complex projects for external customers.  - Conducted weekly and as-needed status meetings with clients to provide thorough status updates on project progress.  - Mastered the ability to hold project team members accountable to project timelines without having any direct authority.  - Produced project plans to document project scope, schedule, tasks, change control and risk management.  - Created communication plan according to stakeholder preferences and project needs.  - Worked closely with technicians and engineers to ensure that project tasks are completed on time.  - Supported the project team and stakeholders through the lifecycle of the project and provide closing documentation Project Coordinator CenturyLink - Dublin, OH January 2013 to December 2015 - Demonstrated successful overall project management responsibility of large-scale network deployments  - Verified project scope and stakeholder needs through a series of interviews with end user, account managers, engineers and architects.  - Formulated project plan and coordinated project activities from inception through implementation  - Reviewed customer's contract and amendments to verify product availability and pricing.  - Served as the main point of contact for customer, sales and provisioning. Project Administrator Claypool Electric - Lancaster, OH March 2012 to January 2013 - Provided administrative support to the Director of Purchasing, Accounts Payable Department and the entire Project Management team at Claypool Electric.  - Communicated with various construction management personnel, vendors and internal agents to acquire, create and compile close out deliverables for each project.  - Attention to detail was crucial for this position where large sums of money were held on retainer by the client until closing documents are received and approved. Education Bachelor of Science in Education in Credentials The Ohio State University - Columbus, OH Skills best practices (Less than 1 year), Microsoft office (Less than 1 year), Microsoft project (Less than 1 year), Microsoft sharepoint (Less than 1 year), project management (4 years), SDLC, Waterfall, PMP, PM Additional Information - Strong knowledge and application of project management methodologies and best practices  - Ability to adapt project management style to meet organizational needs  - Extensive experience with Microsoft Office, Microsoft Project, SharePoint, ServiceNow  - Quick to learn new software and applications  - Experience facilitating meetings and presenting to executive leadership and stakeholders