Admission Recruiter Admission Recruiter Recruiter Fredericksburg, VA Engaged, detail-oriented, creative & a result-driven candidate with years in an advertising management/sales position seeks to service a global brand in education with a legacy of quality and performance in the marketplace. Work Experience Admission Recruiter Strayer University - Manassas, VA 2017 to Present • Effectively respond to all prospective student inquiries.  • Set up face-to-face and/or phone interview appointments and conduct campus tours as appropriate.  • Interview prospective students to determine their educational background and future goals and objectives.  • Educate prospective students on the benefits of attending Strayer University, including our high-quality academic programs, convenient locations, flexible online and on-campus course offerings, and recommend appropriate course(s) of study.  • Assist prospective students with the application process and review qualifications for admission.  • Enroll new students and ensure appropriate basis of admission is obtained, all prerequisites are satisfied, and previous college transcripts are ordered if applicable.  • Ensure prospective students' admissions files are complete and assist students with initial registration process.  • Partner with other departments as necessary to finalize enrollment process, including SAS, SFS, Academics, and the University Registrar's Office.  • Adhere to all University policies and procedures and federal, state, and accrediting agency rules with respect to recruitment IT Government Recruiter ACI Federal/Hewlett-Packard - Fredericksburg, VA 2016 to 2017 • Conduct competitive qualification investigations on candidates for top Federal administrative and executive positions. Investigative requirements vary on a case by case basis. These cases must be completed on a high priority schedule and involve in-depth interviews with key executives at all levels of government, private industry, academia and the professions.  • Evaluate and screen potential hires, and assist them through the interview and hiring process.  • Assisting project and hiring managers in developing job requirements, sourcing and screening candidates, scheduling interviews, interviewing candidates, reference and background checks, offer package preparations, and offer negotiations, as well as strong project involvement and client interaction.  • Preparing analysis of key headcount trending, recruitment, and market data to inform local recruiting decisions.  • Technical recruiting in the government industry for IT skill sets including but limited not to (Cybersecurity, Help Desk, NOC technicians, Financial Analysts, Web Development, Network Engineers, and Project Managers).  • Knowledge of sales and recruiting processes including sourcing, interviewing, reference checking, tracking, salary negotiations, and closing  • Responsible for recruiting and maintaining good relationship with existing candidates of the organization.  Performed recruitment tasks by applying the policies, rules and procedures of the organization. Small Business Consultant/ IT Chat/ Project Manager Intuit Software - Fredericksburg, VA 2013 to 2016 • Provide technical support to end users on a variety of issues.  • Identify, research, and resolve technical problems, Strong Customer Service & Effective Internal relationship  • Document, track and monitor the problem to ensure a timely resolution.  • Effective and solid communication skills, verbal and written.  • Proven experience in defining project requirements, scope and in defining success criteria.  • Flexibility in collecting and analyzing data and providing support for various infrastructure projects. Help Desk Support/chat ManPower Intuit - Fredericksburg, VA 2011 to 2013 • Provides first level support in the inbound/outbound problems consistently/monitor chat que/stats  • Answer calls coming into the Tier 1 Help Desk by the third ring.  • Create a customer incident in Remedy, the call tracking software for every call answered  • Cross train on Blackberry Support, adding and deleting users to the client network as well as other ad hoc tasks.  • Reports/escalates new issues. (AN, WO & WAN)  • Effectively communicates technical information with his/her team members and customers alike.  • Interfacing with local team management and internal and external partners.  • Multitasking through multiple systems while troubleshooting with customers. Achieving call center metrics including average handle time, customer availability as well as schedule adherence and conformance. Alarm Dispatcher Marlin Central Station - Orlando, FL 2009 to 2011 • Responsible for 9-1-1 dispatch of police, EMT, fire department  • Met & Exceeded Life Threatening Deadlines  • Trained New Agents  • Troubleshooting of Alarm Systems  • Customer Service  • Tracking customer data and reports  • Handling High Security Inbound Calls  • Maintenance  • Tracking Inventory & Supplies  • Monthly Log Form  • Support Team Leader Education Bachelor's Strayer University Present BA in Audio/Engineer Production/Marketing Management Full Sail University September 2009 to February 2010 IT course completion certification Nova Community College Skills ORACLE, VISUAL BASIC, CUSTOMER SERVICE, HELP DESK SUPPORT, Interview, Talent Acquisition, Taleo, Human Resource Additional Information Summary/Skills  Marketing Research & Analysis/Team Leadership & Training  Management/Customer Service/Sales  Visual Basic - Helpdesk Support  Time Management/Pipeline  Oracle - People Support/Budget Development