Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Sr. Project Manager Anna, TX I am a highly organised, thorough, and motivated professional with five years’ experience in a Project Management role. I am currently with Alkami Technologies     I possess strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with a high level of attention to detail. I am adept at working on multiple assignments simultaneously, performing support and analysis roles across a large range of development and maintenance projects, and customer service activities. These have included designing, coding, testing, and implementing applications, and performing diagnosis and troubleshooting functions.     I have experience in various programming languages and platforms (including JavaScript, .Net, Python), plus significant experience in the design, development, and support of client/server databases (MS-SQL Server, MySQL, PostgreSQL, DB2, Mongo), networks architecture and devices such as Juniper Junos, Cisco FirePower, and the Meraki Wireless Access Points, and training, creation of processes and procedures, and training of internal and external stakeholders. Finally, I possess a strong working understanding of both Agile (Scrum & Kanban) and Waterfall management and control.     In my current and previous roles, I have developed and maintained relationships with key business stakeholders to understand the scope of their technical and business development needs.     In addition to my technical skills, I possess excellent written and verbal communication skills, and I recognise the importance of these when it comes to communicating with other team members, management, and clients. My time management and task prioritisation skills are excellent, and I enjoy working with an enthusiastic team who are keen to exceed company expectations.     I hold a Master of Science Degree in Project Management, am a Certified Scum Master and will take the PMI-ACP Exam and the AWS Architect – Associate Certificate within the next 60 days, and plan to obtain my ITIL certification in the fall.     My goal is to continue learning and developing my expertise in my future role. I believe that I would be a perfect fit for this role and that this is a role in which I could continue to deepen and broaden my skills as a Project Manager. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager Alkami Technology - Plano, TX July 2017 to Present Client-facing Project Manager tasked with partnering with clients during their implementation projects to provide their members high-quality desktop and mobile banking applications. Manage internal and client project teams surrounding: scope, timeline, and budget of scope outside of contract, within a hybrid Waterfall/Agile Scrum process,    • Plan and conduct project kickoff meetings.  • Create project schedules and define project deliverables based around project scope supplied by Sales team.  • Track and manage project milestones and customer reported issues.  • Communicate status, issues and risks to project stakeholders.  • Maintain project documentation, meeting minutes, meeting agendas, scope amendments, and key customer communication archives.  • Create and manage configuration documentation for client projects.  • Be the primary point of contact for all client inquiries for projects being managed.  • Work closely with Product Development and Services to resolve complex issues reported by our customers.  • Provide regular input to the Services management team on process improvements and best practices.  • Track individual and team time reporting for assigned projects and ensure compliance with budgeted project labor.  • Coordinate with the account management team during implementation lifecycle and post-launch stage to maintain customer relationships and communication.  • Host recurring customer conference calls to drive project execution; travel onsite to assigned customer facilities when necessary. Project Manager Cottonwood Financial - Irving, TX March 2017 to July 2017 Accountable for managing multiple complex projects for all business units including but not limited to marketing, sales, remarketing, operations, IT, and risk within an Agile Scrum environment. Working closely with internal and external subject matter experts on marketing asset initiatives.  • Act as chief point-of-contact for all internal and external business units to determine project requirements, scrum reviews and demos, and provide consistent feedback on project schedules.  • Evaluate processes and propose improvements as needed and train employees on new processes and standards  • Lead daily scrum standups, scrum retrospect, reviews, and demos to all stakeholders  • Responsible for collecting and analyzing feedback from various stakeholders on project quality and providing concise reports for evaluation.  • Excelled in guiding the work of technical teams. Articulated project goals and scope, translated business needs into technical terms, prepared detailed, backlogs, sprint plans, work breakdown structures (WBS) and instilled shared accountability for achieving project milestones. MS Project Manager - Contracted RealFoundations - Dallas, TX September 2016 to March 2017 Accountable for managing complex projects, defining project management roles and responsibilities, planning and organizing work with clients, and working out production for asset and build delivery.  • Created centralized project management document repository and project SharePoint sites for better communication and transparency for the project team and project stakeholders  • Worked closely with clients to build out contracts and statements of work for each project that included the agreed upon schedule and budget  • Provided clear details to production managers to schedule and manage project team resources  • Worked with project resources on time management to adhere to budget and schedule restraints  • Created training and documentation for external clients and headed onsite and remote training  • Resolved numerous project issues including staffing shortages, tactical matters, scope creep and divergent business and user needs.  • Met customer deadlines and Service Level Agreements. Technical Project Manager - Contracted NOC - Allen, TX May 2016 to September 2016 Developed corporate communication package including business plans, layers of communication, and increase of productivity reports. Transition Network Operations Center to Agile Kanban in order to address day-to-day communication concerns.  • Headed implementation of centralized project management tool and document repository for project managers, managers, directors, and VPs to manage project scope, budget, and resources.  • Created standardization of processes and procedures and introduced improvements as required with a focus on better cross-functional communication.  • Lead NOC transition to Agile Kanban to allow for more accurate prioritization of duties and PMO transition to Agile Scrum using JIRA and Confluence to better maintain projects and meet project deadlines Remote IT Project Manager Zulahoo / General DataComm, Inc January 2015 to March 2016 Hold dual accountability for managing complex large-scale Corporate IT projects and leading the organization's IT process improvement practice, overseeing a team of 6 to deliver IT transformation, process management, IT governance, application development and service management projects. Transition Project Team from Waterfall to Agile Scrum.  • Lead planning and implementation for improvements to proprietary network management systems  • Deliver project needs on-time and within the agreed acceptance criteria in a hybrid methodology environment as they attempt to transition to an Agile methodology  • Lead kickoff meetings in person and remotely with external clients to determine the full extent of their requirements  • Developed a deep understanding of the business objectives of internal and external stakeholders; evangelized the product vision and built trust by maintaining an accurate and achievable roadmap.  • Assisted Clients and Investors in visualizing custom application designs through BootCamp and Invision Education Master of Science in Project Management WALDEN UNIVERSITY - Minneapolis, MN 2017 Bachelor of Science in Web Information Systems WILMINGTON UNIVERSITY - New Castle, DE 2012 to 2014 Bachelor of Business Administration in Finance University of Mary Hardin-Baylor - Belton, TX 2009 Skills GOVERNANCE (1 year), PROJECT MANAGEMENT (Less than 1 year), TIME MANAGEMENT (Less than 1 year), TRAINING (Less than 1 year), BUDGETING (Less than 1 year), SDLC, PMI, PM Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/caitlinsimms4 Certifications/Licenses Certified ScrumMaster (CSM) June 2018 to Present Additional Information Areas of Expertise:  • Strategy and Planning • Project/Program Management • Business Analysis  • Budgeting and Forecasting • PMO Set-up and Management • Governance and Training  • Vendor Management • Risk Management • Agile Transitions  • Critical Path Method • Quality and Time Management • Agile and Waterfall Methodologies