IT Applications Developer <span class="hl">IT</span> Applications Developer IT Applications Developer - Century Communities Littleton, CO Creative, intuitive young professional passionate about people and technology. Talented in database and web programming, project management, corporate strategy, and employee training/development. Experienced on the technical side of business and looking to leverage those skills in a multifaceted role. Work Experience IT Applications Developer Century Communities July 2018 to Present Skills - C#.NET, t-SQL, Shell Scripting, System Administration, API Development, Middleware Development  • Wrote a middleware application in C# that transformed .json data into .xml files according to the BDX and NHF standards.  • Maintained a data warehouse and wrote jobs, SSIS packages, stored procedures, database backup procedures, and SSRS reports on demand.  • Wrote and modified various applications using primarily C#. Business Intelligence Analyst CoreSite October 2013 to June 2018 Promotions: Analyst • Sr. Analyst • Team Lead  Skills - Excel, Access, PowerPoint, Financial Reporting, Oracle Essbase, SSMS, SSIS, SSRS, t-SQL, VBA, C#, VBScript, Project Management, Salesforce, Sharepoint Development, ERP Planning, Analytics, Agile / Scrum, Strategy, Data Science, Technical Writing, Documentation, Employee Development / Training  • Optimized and automated a $25M/yr process by writing and deploying to .NET approximately 50 stored procedures in T-SQL. Recovered ~$1M in recurring revenue, reduced process error rate by 75%, and eliminated over 25 man-hours/week for the 4-person analyst team.  • As a key part of our data warehouse development effort, used SSRS and SQL to rebuild financial reporting tables for major product categories, unifying competing data sources and greatly simplifying the reporting process. Built a complex and responsive dashboard system using SSRS drill-through reports.  • Acted as SCRUM Master for the team.  • Led the selection process of BI / visualization tools. Developed requirements, compared tools, met with vendor representatives, and assisted senior leadership with the final decision.  • Drove company-wide implementation of Salesforce Analytics Suite (Einstein Analytics / Wave).  • Implemented dynamic predictive models in SSRS using nonlinear and multiple regression techniques. The models automatically recalculate their parameters based on custom filters and new data. Founder & President Forager Software Inc March 2015 to February 2017 Skills - PHP, HTML/CSS, Javascript, Java, mySQL, C#, Mobile App Development, Software Development, Web Scraping, Business Development, Financial Analysis, Strategy  • The initial product was a mobile search engine for restaurant menus, focusing on specialized diets and healthy eating. With at most two clicks, a customer would be able to see what dishes at what prices were available nearby, automatically taking dietary preferences into account.  • The first product failed for non-product reasons and the company briefly pivoted to a Business Intelligence tool, developed to serve technically able customers who need a lightweight visualization solution accessible to senior leadership.  • Developed in PHP: a web scraper, indexer, search back-end, and website back-end. Wrote a database, including ETL processes, in mySQL. Wrote a web front-end using Javascript and CSS/HTML. Wrote a framework for an Android app using Java and the Android SDK.  • Designed a business plan, financial model, pitch deck, and sales processes. Worked with a legal team to create the corporate structure according to industry best-practices, including a vesting schedule and option pool. Recruited early employees and co-founders. Gervais, Mike. "ESTA Tech Upgrades Geared Towards Efficiency." Inyo Register - Bishop, CA January 2013 to October 2014 • Added ride notification hardware and upgraded RouteMatch software for Porterville Transit in Porterville, CA. Four dotted-line reports assigned for this project. Budget responsibility $200K.  • Created a more efficient ride-scheduling system for Josephine Community Transit in Grants Pass, Oregon by implementing the RouteMatch SAAS product and tablets for their vehicles. Responsibilities mirror the Eastern Sierra project mentioned above. One dotted-line report assigned for this project. Budget responsibility of ~$50K. Project Manager RouteMatch Software October 2012 to September 2013 Skills - SQL Server, Shell Scripting, SQL, VBScript, XML, Excel, Project Management, Salesforce  • Responsible for coordinating cross-functionally within the business, managing the project team, project budget, schedule, and the customer account during the life cycle of the product implementation. Managed 2 to 5 projects at any given time, including internal projects.  • Created a more efficient ride-scheduling system for Eastern Sierra Transit Authority in Bishop, California by implementing the RouteMatch client/server product with 8 tablets for their vehicles. Responsible for managing deadlines, coordinating with vendors, managing the technical work, and providing on-site training and go-live support for the implementation. Two dotted-line reports assigned for this project. Budget responsibility of ~$40K.  - This project was mentioned in the local paper: Operations Analyst Dish Network, LLC June 2011 to October 2012 Promotions: Analyst • Sr. Analyst  Skills - Excel, Access, IBM Netezza, Oracle Hyperion, SQL, VBA  • Saved the company approximately $100K per year by re-engineering back-office processing of payments from business partners. This was accomplished by simplifying and consolidating the processes and programming an application in MS Access. The company also reduced risk (we previously relied on operators highly-trained to the process) and reduced error rate by 98%.  • Used SQL and VBA to write a new business process that groomed ledgers for approximately 30M customer accounts. Achieved $15M in revenue plus $1-$1.5M in monthly recurring revenue.  • As part of Dish's Billing Transformation project - the largest IT project in Dish's history, and the largest telecommunications billing conversion in the U.S. in many years - rewrote over 100 operational procedures, defining tasks as they would be worked using the new billing software.  - This project was mentioned in CIO magazine:  ? http://about.dish.com/press-release/corporate/dish-recognized-cio-magazine-cio-100-company Owner D&D Buybacks and Resale March 2010 to June 2011 Skills - Excel, VBA, Intuit Quickbooks  • This was an online retail business that I ran in college. I bought movies, CDs, and DVDs and resold online through eBay and Amazon.com. I built inventory-management and accounting software in Excel using VBA and Userforms. I invented my own packaging for books.  • Initial investment was approximately $1,000. The business recovered this sum and became profitable after 45 days. Within 90 days, the business was achieving ~$1,000 in monthly revenue, representing a profit margin of ~75%.    Additional Technical Work  Available at www.davemarshonline.com Education Bachelor of Science in Economics Colorado State University - Fort Collins, CO May 2011 Skills SQL, Sql Server, XML, HTML