IT PROJECT MANAGER <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">PROJECT</span> <span class="hl">MANAGER</span> Senior IT PROJECT MANAGER Chicago, IL Senior Project Manager with excellent track-record meeting deliverables in-line with operational targets, while working   confidently with senior management and key team members to push prompt solutions to multifaceted plans. Proven coordination and management of IT infrastructure systems, including implementations of plan items and related reporting requirements focusing on fusing customer needs with organizational requirements. Able to ensure delivery of project goals, managing project core and critical dependencies with hands on approach. Quick to respond to new developments effectively, including providing vital progress reports and post- project analysis. Experience mediating between multi-purpose project teams resulting in original, prompt, and cost-effective project completions. Strength leading in complex environments while mentoring and motivating individuals from diverse backgrounds, encouraging them to take positive actions and to be accountable for their work. Work Experience IT PROJECT MANAGER Greenheart International - Chicago, IL April 2014 to June 2017 Consulted with subject matter experts to identify key requirements, define project scope, develop project plans and schedules, Drove quality assurance initiatives, process improvements and UA testing, Provided leadership to internal teams on projects and daily issue resolution, Prepared and presented status reports to stakeholders and senior management, Analyzed and documented all changes to the project baseline for scope, budget, schedule, quality and risks, Oversaw "change control board" committee for final approval or disapproval of change requests, Practiced PMO standards to ensure all projects supported the overall business objectives of the organization  Key Accomplishments:  • Successfully managed and directed team of 15 for the website redesign of Greenhearts' inbound participant web application database, using a mix of Waterfall and Agile methodologies. Project involved: discovery phase, requirements gathering, creating detailed project plans and scope, scheduling meetings with end-users and deep dive sessions, creating WBS, monitoring scheduled tasks and deliverables/milestones, weekly scrum meetings with software vendor, reviewing backlogs, analyzing, documenting, and tracking risk/issues, quality control, and change management  • Facilitated vendor relationships, coordinated end-user training workshops and creation of user manuals. Administered project closure processes, and documented lessons learned. The Inbound participants database processes over 20,000 submissions a year. Project budgets over $1m.  • Oversaw and prioritized all enhancement and modification projects for legacy web application database which included: new development, enhancements, maintenance, testing, reporting and tracking issues.  • Worked closely with software vendors to ensure accuracy and prompt delivery of all enhancement and modification projects to end-users.  • Effectively communicated and managed expectations regarding project and business strategies, deliverables, and statuses to project teams.  • Implemented process improvements and priority management system that saved Greenheart over $3000.00 monthly on system enhancements. TECHNOLOGY PROJECT MANAGER ShopperTrak - Chicago, IL April 2012 to August 2013 Reported weekly project status to Director of PMO and Chief Technology Officer, Worked with PMO to create and maintain project documentation, best practices, and tracked project metrics, Managed project teams of 15-25 team members, including virtual and cross-functional members, Implemented change management processes that supported the business strategic plans to ensure all projects adhered to standards and requested changes were properly reviewed and approved accordingly, Managed ShopperTraks' Retail Analytics system enhancements used by retailers in over 60,000 locations across 90 countries and territories.  Key Accomplishments:  • Managed multi-disciplined teams across the product development lifecycle, incorporating Agile/Scrum methodologies and PMBOK project management life cycle processes, to deliver-business products/services integrated with social media, SEO, content management, and publications. Web pages included comp analysis, ROI calculator, administration tools, hover overs, pop ups, save as favorites and CVS downloads. Communicated major status of projects and end-user concerns to QA manager, coordinated end-user trainings and planned rollout schedules that relied on rotating resources to accommodate an aggressive deployment.  • Orchestrated the deployment and installation for Oracle 11g upgrade infrastructure project. Project included: purchasing, configuring, testing and installing 4 new Linux x86 servers for test, development and production environments. Building new Oracle 11g databases which included, creating databases, tables spaces, rules, privileges and listener controls. PROJECT MANAGER/SENIOR PROGRAMMER Valley View School District - Romeoville, IL April 2008 to March 2009 Served as liaison between business and technology groups across various departments, gathered project requirements and communicated project status to both technical and non-technical teams, created project plans including scope, schedule and budget. Monitored and controlled projects, time management, risk analysis and project closer, Primary interface for dealing with timelines, coordinating meetings and management of implementation issues, Managed project teams from 5-10 members. Budgets up to $155k.  Key Accomplishments:  • Managed Website design and development of Robust Retirement Management System from initiation through implementation. The retirement management database accommodates over 2000 full-time Valley View employees. The website allows interactive updates to 403b retirement transactions.  • Streamlined processes from AS400 data entry that interfaces AIG's database for retirement transaction updates. Managed work plan, budget, issue resolutions, status reporting, and risks associated with the project.  • Developed databases and reports using sequel statements. Constructed new retirement management database combining AS400 database files using structured SQL statements. Acted as Security Administrator, implementing and maintaining established policies, training users, setting up accounts and passwords, protecting sensitive system files and resources, and auditing and analyzing security-relevant events. Education BS in Technical Management in Technical Management DeVry University - Chicago, IL August 2019 Skills Microsoft Office (5 years), Project Management (10+ years), PM, SDLC, Information Technology, Waterfall, Software Development, PMO (1 year) Certifications/Licenses PROJECT MANAGEMENT FOR IS/ IT PROFESSIONALS January 2012 to Present Essentials of Project Management.