Director Information Systems Director Information Systems Director Information Systems - Fieldale Farms Corporation Mount Airy, GA Insightful Information Technology Manager with IT leadership experience including oversight of infrastructure, application support and security services. Dedicated to customer satisfaction with focused delivery of technical solutions. Proven leader in directing operations, maintenance and support of complex systems. Excellent communicator and influencer in working collaboratively with IT leadership teams to define and accomplish project milestones. Detailed in developing creative business solutions, leveraging diverse methodologies and delivering software engineering solutions for leading organizations. Highly adept in problem-solving, request for proposal development, technology needs assessments and staff training. Work Experience Director Information Systems Fieldale Farms Corporation - Baldwin, GA June 2015 to Present • Managed all IS operations including applications, servers and storage.  • Provided consistent leadership over back-office as well as operational systems, including custom application development, systems implementation, vendor management, and business intelligence development.  • Spearheaded IT-related business development initiatives.  • Managed development and extension of warehouse management system software applications to enable centralized management of tasks.  • Facilitated best user experience through continuous support, training classes, webinars, improvements and communication of system changes.  • Led and assisted technical upgrade projects for clients by working and coordinating with consultants and developers for integrations.  • Analyzed architecture design, scoping, implementation, testing and deployment needs to define project requirements.  • Interviewed, hired, trained and mentored 6 staff by coaching daily, leading performance reviews and offering constructive feedback.  • Oversaw development and implementation of improvements to Cost Accounting, Plant Operations and Sales/Marketing.  • Reviewed and assessed architecture design, implementation, testing and deployment needs to identify project requirements and costs. Network Services Manager AT&T - Atlanta, GA January 2013 to June 2014 • Enhanced availability of infrastructure through enterprise-wide planning, thorough testing, effieinct implementation and comprehensive support.  • Planned and implemented legacy upgrades to system hardware and software, resulting in modernized unified messaging structure.  • Resolved issues and escalated problems with knowledgeable support and quality service.  • Standardized job tasks and trained junior team members on industry best practices and standards.  • Maintained flexible schedule and responded to after-hours and weekend emergencies.  • Analyzed complex project server issues and worked on large enterprise and business-critical applications.  • Supervised 10 Electrical Engineers in providing excellent customer service to callers requiring assistance for voicemail and messaging issues.  • Served as a member of the Business Continuity/Disaster Recovery corporate team representing Network Operations IT Project Implementation Manager Intalogix Corporation - Atlanta, GA June 2013 to January 2014 • Oversaw and design of a high-availability network plan using cloud structure  • Defined and set IT governance, disaster recovery/business continuity planning and service level agreements  • Documented requirements for feature requests and implemented agile approach to systems release life-cycle  • Managed all aspects of new EDI implementations  • Managed installation and integration of sales and inventory servers  • Oversaw and administered help-desk and customer facing ticketing system  • Delivered project reports to communicate work breakdown structure and status  • Oversaw and administered daily EDI exchange system with a volume of thousands of transactions for business critical data delivery  • Provided status reports for error handling and data quality IT Special Projects Manager Georgia Department Of Agriculture - Atlanta, GA June 2012 to June 2013 • Worked with project team and vendors to develop and implement strategic projects  • Successfully assisted in the delivery of a conversion project from wireline to VOIP  • Successfully delivered Cisco video conferencing and long distance learning initiative  • Successfully delivered emergency messaging alert system as well as SMS and email marketing system  • Successfully delivered desktop automation and scripting software initiative  • Successfully assisted in delivered systems backup and fail-over initiative via VMWare and Backup Exec  • Successfully delivered employee training scheduling and delivery system  • Administered Active Directory, Windows Servers, VMWare, SharePoint, IIS, VPN, and Cisco video content servers and codecs  • Participated as member of IT leadership group helping to shape policies and strategic direction of IT Network And Systems Administrator Intern Soho Myriad - Atlanta, GA January 2011 to June 2012 • Administered Active Directory, Windows based Print and File Servers, and Network Attached Storage systems  • Maintained and updated hardware, software, and network components of a mixed operating system environment  • Worked with leadership on contingency planning and implementation Autism Behavioral Therapist Southern Behavioral Group - Atlanta, GA January 2009 to June 2011 • Updated treatment plans in coordination with clinical psychiatrist by reviewing patient progress.  • Worked with interdisciplinary team to develop treatment plans.  • Completed full behavioral assessments to determine best courses of actions.  • Direct ABA therapy primarily with patients falling within the autism spectrum. Education Master of Science in Management Information Systems Kennesaw State University - Kennesaw, GA January 2010 to June 2012 Bachelor of Science in Psychology Kennesaw State University - Kennesaw, GA January 2004 to June 2008 Skills Data analysis, Database, Database design, Enterprise resource planning, Requirements analysis, Data warehousing, Project lifecycle, Lms Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/andrew-rudeseal-68a191 Additional Information Skills    Data Warehousing  Enterprise resource planning  LMS expertise  Web development  Project lifecycle management  Agile framework  Infrastructure development  Requirements analysis  Team oversight  Data analysis  Oral and written communication  Stakeholder updates  Database design