Production Manager Production <span class="hl">Manager</span> Manufacturing Expert Menifee, CA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Production Manager Taurus Engineering - Long Beach, CA December 2013 to June 2019 Responsible for 14 assemblers including shipping with the use of injection molding of rubber into connectors and cables for the oil industry. Wrote detailed processes with the use of pictures/drawings for repeatability to take away the tribal knowledge and improve quality. Part of the team to get ISO 9001 certified. Controlled the companies improvement in all aspects by tracking errors/mistakes with the use of NCR tracking. Led daily safety meetings and helped lower the company’s insurance premium. Improvements reduced scrap and increased profitability. Did production scheduling based on customers needs, parts availability, machines and personnel. Manufacturing Management Service 4U - Orange, CA Led a team of 50 assemblers, quality inspectors, testers, and shipping/receiving in Czech Republic and Orange. Focus was test, assembly, and quality of printer consumables in Orange and Czech Republic. Educated personnel on lean manufacturing methods, adopted GMP practice to help validate processes (which I authored). Demonstrated cost savings through improved quality and safety.  • Designed, engineered, and drew the assembly/disassembly facility in Orange and Czech Republic, using automated equipment and an ERP system to effectively plan   • Participated in negotiations with Czech Republic political leaders for opening of facility Production Manager Future Graphics - Chatsworth, GA Managed a team of 105 assemblers, packagers, quality inspectors, manufacturing engineers and test of laser cartridges. Instituted the use of an ERP system to better help in the company’s future planning.   • Redesigned the manufacturing flow which led to productivity increase with the use of lean practices and those from Good Manufacturing Practices.  • Planned, trained and implemented a safety program. Manufacturing Manager Magnavox - Torrance, CA Managed a team of 175 assemblers and test technicians along with a 15 member machine shop. Responsible for manufacturing and test of printed circuit boards, harnesses and mechanical assemblies for commercial and military products. Additionally managed a Navy program, OM-55, which was a satellite/navigation/communication system. The validation of processes was accomplished through the use of GMP, typically used in the medical field. Project Manager Money Mailer - Garden Grove, CA • Directed, educated and managed project development from concept to market with the use of GMP.   • Implemented Microsoft Project, educated team on lean manufacturing methods   • Managed accounts per contract coordinating with credit, accounting, and legal IT QA Test Engineering Manager Ingram Micro, Inc - Santa Ana, CA Responsible for the testing and quality of websites, both international and domestic, mainframe software changes. Interfaced with vendors, clients, developers and programmers.  • Using GMP, implemented new test procedures and methodology.  • All projects were within budget following proper planning and documentation. Manufacturing Management Environmental Imaging - Anaheim, CA Managed a team of 120 assemblers, quality inspectors, engineers and shipping/receiving personnel. Responsible for printer consumables in Anaheim and New Jersey.   • Implemented quality standards in New Jersey facility using prison personnel by use of GMP practices.  • Increased productivity by 25% and quality by 40% with the training of lean manufacturing methods and the use of ERP where planning was a significant requirement  • Implemented test, assembly and quality procedures Education MBA University of Redlands - Santa Ana, CA 2004 BSBM in Business Management University of Phoenix - Fountain Valley, CA 2001 AA in Mathematics Golden West Community College - Huntington Beach, CA Skills Lean Manufacturing, Lean, PCB, KPI (5 years), GMP Certifications/Licenses Driver's License Assessments Management & Leadership Skills: Impact & Influence — Highly Proficient June 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to adapt their leadership style to accomplish goals using rational or emotional appeal. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/iesveabait9knulc Data Analysis — Familiar June 2019 Measures a candidate's skill in interpreting and producing graphs, identifying trends, and drawing justifiable conclusions from data. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/84tnt7hg0vkk6qcb Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.