ANALYST, PROJECT/PROGRAM MANAGER-VMWare ANALYST, <span class="hl">PROJECT</span>/PROGRAM <span class="hl">MANAGER</span>-VMWare ANALYST, PROJECT/PROGRAM MANAGER-VMWare - Dell Morrisville, NC ? Experienced professional with 25+ years of progressive experience in all phases of Project & Program Management,  Healthcare, Government, Insurance, Business Analytics, Customer Service, Telecommunications, Banking, and Call  Center/Help Desk for leading companies along with expert knowledge of business products.  ? A high-energy, results-oriented leader with excellent interpersonal, presentation and communication skills. Exceptional  staff development, training and motivational skills.  ? Recognized for expert knowledge of regulatory rules and procedures. Analytical, outgoing, and organized employee who  learns quickly, works well under pressure, and is attentive to detail. Work Experience ANALYST, PROJECT/PROGRAM MANAGER-VMWare Dell - Durham, NC November 2018 to Present Manages projects, typically from Initiation through Delivery.  ? Coordinates cross-functional teams through meetings and progress measurement activity, which bring distinct, specific projects to completion on time and within budget.  ? Typically responsible for a defined project activities  ? Supports a small part of a function or process with limited scope  ? Performs basic project analyst duties and supports Senior Level Project Managers  ? Participates in a routine phase/ project/process  ? Identifies and escalates issues for resolution as necessary  ? May utilize a variety of technologies in the support of project/program plans, milestones and deliverables  ? May prepare and conduct presentations and communications  ? Presents and communicates status to functional management  ? Lead multiple programs of low complexity (technology, organizationally).  ? Implements change as directed in the product development process  ? Drives a core product design team to deliver a product(s), service(s), or solution(s) to external customers.  ? Leads cross-functional, Worldwide IEO extended team(s), kicks off projects, establishes schedules and drives meetings. Cross Functional Team members can include LabOps, Tech Services, Network Ops,  eLab, Asset Operations, Procurement, Finance, etc.  ? Drives the service design team to meet or exceed project objectives (Cost, Quality, Schedule, Features, Fulfillment/Continuity of Supply, Solution delivery across products & service offerings, and Customer  Specific Needs).  ? Prepares extended functional team and staff for internal and external ISO Audits for Dell to maintain ISO  Corporate Compliance. Manages audit process and drives for success.  ? Establishes clear objectives and deliverables for each project that support the business. A project Manager is  often expected to manage multiple projects in parallel.  ? Develops standard deliverable document(s), schedules timely executive review, and delivers phase reviews  along with interim updates. Tracks progress, reports status and makes necessary corrections to achieve  project objectives.  ? Establishes working relationships and influences/persuades at the Manager, Director, General Manager, Vice. President, and Senior Vice President level  ? President, and Senior Vice President Level Subject matter expert in IEO processes, product/solution areas, and customer needs and usage.  ? Builds effective, high performance extended functional teams and provides ongoing performance  feedback to functional management.  ? Leads the cross functional team to define the product/solution definition and requirements.  ? Manages the creation, review and approval of the critical life cycle documents.  ? Works with extended functional team and executive leadership to establish quality and customer experience  goals for the project.  ? Works with the extended functional team to establish plans to achieve the quality and customer experience  goals.  ? Drives the creation, review and approval of the Daptiv Project Plan.  ? Manages major risks and issues through effective contingency planning and proper escalation.  ? Ensures extended functional team members communicate lessons learned to the appropriate departments.  Attaches each phase exit document Lessons Learned and review lessons learned for the next phase.  ? Manages and communicates Project changes post Plan Exit using RFC's to ensure cross functional/org  alignment.  ? Analyzes and reports actual performance vs. Project goals.  ? Drives team to deliver quality results at, or better than, quality goals.  ? Manages non-product or solution cross-LOB initiatives, examples include ISO audits, Service creation, technology deployments, and Resource sizing/planning.  ? Presents and communicates status to functional management.  ? Implements change as directed in the product development process.  ? Leads multiple projects of low complexity (technology, organizationally). PROJECT/PROGRAM MANAGER Verizon - Cary, NC April 2018 to October 2018 Supports Verizon Credo through adherence to company policies, processes and practices  ? Facilitate team meetings, providing meeting minutes and managing open action items  ? Coordinates site readiness tasks to include following change management processes and providing activation  support  ? Prepares, Maintains and Develops regular Schedule and project status reports  ? Provides support for governance of lifecycle project support  ? Responsible for managing define project tasks and activities  ? Tracks and manages action items to meet defined deliverables to include providing regular status  reports to stockholders  ? Used Oracle in Project Planning and Control, which provided the visibility and control company needed, and deliver projects successfully, improved profitability, and operate more efficiently.  ? Uses program performance data to build strong communication channels with client and internal stake holding  department's  ? Generally works under the supervision of Program Leadership  ? Operates in a Team Leadership role within Project Controls. Gathers input and information for projects across the Client Progress Territory.  ? Works with all PM's and PCS's to obtain information regarding the status and health of $150M - $500M in projects each year.  ? Generates monthly reports, to include Dashboard and Enable Project Management Reports.  ? Prepares project information for yearly budgeting purposes.  ? Generates periodic Project Controls reports.  ? Responsible for gathering, verifying, validating and analyzing cost and schedule data.  ? Transmission Project Controls, Project Management or Construction Experience  ? Distributes and archives project documents.  ? Manages change control for both cost and schedule.  ? Develops and maintains work breakdown structures, project schedules, cost estimates, tracks and trends cash  flow.  ? Tracks and reports project status, analyzes variances, determines earned value, and analyzes critical  path activities at a level appropriate for the project  ? Maintains effective relationships with customers and supports the resolution of quality issues  ? Program or project Risk Program Control experience (Familiarity with PMCoE, PPM, Risk Registers and Tools  a Plus) SENIOR IT PROJECT MANAGER / PROGRAM MANAGER/ BUSINESS ANALYSIS/INTELLIGENCE TIAA - Charlotte, NC October 2017 to March 2018 Provide analysis and administrative services across multiple projects and application within the SRK IT  Portfolio  ? As Agile practice lead & expert, managing & guiding multiple project teams to adopt SCRUM framework, troubleshooting & resolving issues.  ? Responsible for aggregating and distributing weekly financial summaries, preparing the monthly financial  pack and managing project tasks/resources for key projects  ? Manage the invoice process for the organization in collaboration with the Accounts Payable team  ? Acts as the single point for IT portfolio project reporting and administrative services to ensure the quality of data being reported  ? Supports centralized program office, program manager and program lead  ? Works with project teams to understand and assist with tracking all work, task and project assignments as needed  ? Assists with the development of metrics and supports initiative reporting  ? Coordinates with communication leads to support change adoption  ? Assists with the development and maintenance of program documentation as needed  ? Provides day-to-day support for resource assignments in Clarity for labor recover and allocations  for program resources to ensure cost recovery is in alignment with forecast  ? Develops, aggregates, and distributes weekly financial summary reports  ? Creates and distributes project financial reporting for key projects including over/under burn down reporting  ? Leads the development of ad-hoc reports for the leadership team including deep dive workforce/financial  data, project progress reports, and financial projections for annual planning  ? Provides oversight and input of key project data points in Clarity for identified key projects  ? Acts as point of contact for invoicing process for the team  ? Run reports/ manage reports for Sole Record Keeping (SRK), Master Project Portfolio and MS Exchange  Migration Projects  ? Worked with the management of master data processes in SAP to ensure that the data values are maintained  and conducted periodic cleansing of master data  ? Expanded e-mail capabilities through interconnecting MS Exchange implementing Internet Mail Service  (IMS) and deploying Outlook Web Access  ? Coordinate Interactions between Scientific and Administrative Stakeholders and IT Service Providers  ? Collaborate with Staff on IT Operations and Scientific Division including Integration, Operations and General  Planning  ? Developed, Presented, and Defended Program Budget & Schedule as Defined & Tracked  ? Captured, analyzed, & reported Performance Metrics and Budget to leadership and created Excel  Reports Using Pivot Tables, Charts, and Complex Excel Functions. Utilized Excel Formulas, Pivot Tables, And Macros to interpret data  ? Schedule, Outline and Deploy Migration Project  ? Drive implementation of best Agile practices: dynamic team collaboration, informative metrics, lean  development, continuous improvement  ? Actively contribute to the continuous improvement of project framework and to the successful  organizational transition to Agile  ? Project Manager/SCRUM Master performs agile project management activities including planning, execution, tracking and reporting  ? Linked Microsoft Project with Oracle Projects which enabled to work with project using these applications SENIOR PROJECT MANAGER / PROGRAM MANAGER United States Marine Corp & Navy - Raleigh, NC September 2017 to February 2018 - DXC Deployment WIN 10  ? Ensures and Implement Project Management Lifecycle and Project Methodologies activities  ? Ensure team practice Agile and facilitate scrum ceremonies as a servant leader  ? Coached and mentored team members, stakeholders and leadership on the benefits of Agile and Scrum  ? Coached team members on Agile principles and providing general guidance on the methodology and also Product Owners in creation, maintenance and Grooming of Product Backlog  ? Provide site-by-site management of Deployment Team operations and execution  ? Provide management of Deployment Team resources. Manage site-by-site schedule  ? Coordinate travel of Deployment Team resources. Collaborate with Deployment Supervisors  ? Manage project communication and issue escalation  ? Provide Vendor Management, Quality Assurance management, and data according to USMC  provided Service Asset Configuration Management (SACM) process and template  ? Run reports/ manage reports for Sole Record Keeping (SRK), Master Project Portfolio and MS Exchange  Migration Projects  ? Expanded e-mail capabilities through interconnecting MS Exchange implementing Internet Mail Service  (IMS) and deploying Outlook Web Access  ? Planned, Coordinate, Scheduled and Performed daily duties including project /migration scheduling and running reports  ? Maintained information for frequent tasks such as monitoring system with Oracle Applications Manager  ? Developed, Presented, and Defended Program Budget & Schedule as Defined & Tracked In Clarity  ? Captured, analyzed, & reported Performance Metrics and Budget to leadership and created Excel  Reports Using Pivot Tables, Charts, and Complex Excel Functions. Utilized Excel formulas, Pivot Tables, and Macros to Interpret Data SENIOR PMO CONSULTANT / PROJECT MANAGER/PROGRAM MANAGER -CSC/DXC CUSTOMER MetLife - Cary, NC January 2017 to September 2017 SERVICE CENTERS CALL CENTER - Brighthouse Financial  ? Understanding of organizational delivery structure. Coached and mentored team members, stakeholders and leadership on the benefits of Agile and Scrum  ? Ability to shift perspective and understand organizational need depending on changing circumstances  ? Adobe Experience Manager, Adobe Analytics, Adobe Target, Adobe Audience Manager, and Salesforce  Marketing Cloud.  ? Significant 'soft skill' capability to manage relationships and help facilitate the best solutions to challenges  ? Foundational IT project management skill set  ? Sets deadlines, assigns responsibilities, and monitors and summarizes progress of project funding  (budget, actuals and forecasts). Builds and maintains integrated program/ project task plans  ? Coordinate Interactions between Scientific and Administrative Stakeholders and IT Service Providers  ? Collaborate with Staff on IT Operations and Scientific Division including Integration, Operations and General  Planning  ? Working with Risk Management, including Risk Triggers and manage Risks to Project Plan Task  ? Responsible for ensuring the smooth operation of the mission-critical and customer-facing IVR and Inbound  Call Distribution  ? Work closely with our call center management vendor, software development team, and other internal  business teams to deploy builds to our test and production environments  ? Monitor call levels in our IVR and modify our call trees to ensure proper flow-through and routing to our call  Center Queues. IVR Discovery to improve operations  ? Transfer Outlier Report Daily/Weekly transfer reports. Expand Tier One call handling (training opportunity  and role expansion). Develop and improve production reporting on all IVR/inbound metrics  Consolidated and refreshed VDN/Phone Sheet update. Identifying and resolving IVR identification issue.  ? Administer the IVR and queue routing development and QA; report results to management  ? Troubleshoot on our production platform to include IVR call flows and related issues and identify the source  of issues and fix or coordinate resources to fix those issues.  ? Conduct Root Cause Analysis and recommend appropriate solutions and continuous process improvement  ? Builds and maintains working relationships with team members, vendors, and other departments  involved in the projects. Prepares reports for upper management regarding status of project.  ? Working closely with technical teams to develop and track release milestones and schedules.  ? Builds relationships with business and technology Executives and User/Customer base.  ? Identifies and coordinates heavy interdependencies to ensure timing and alignment of releases, hardware, and resources.  ? Ensures communication, coordination of activities, and issue resolution amongst core team  members, senior management and other stakeholders.  ? Manages focused project recovery activities including quick situational analysis, needs  assessment, and hands-on collaboration  ? Contributes to a culture of innovation, collaboration, and partnership with a willingness to proactively coach, facilitate, share knowledge, and be the role model and advocate for a changing  technology organization.  ? Planned, Coordinate, Scheduled and Performed daily duties including project /migration scheduling and running reports. Assist in resource utilization management. Manage and monitor vendor/supplier activities  ? Work to maintain, streamline and standardize project and program reporting  ? Administered Oracle E-Business Suite and Secured Enterprise Search, managed concurrent reports, using  diagnostic utilities  ? Manage projects and project activities according to business need  ? Worked with the management of master data processes in SAP to ensure that the data values  are maintained and conducted periodic cleansing of master data  ? Developed, Presented, And Defended Program Budget & Schedule as Defined & Tracked In Clarity  ? Have captured, analyzed, & reported Performance Metrics and Budget to leadership and created Excel  Reports Using Pivot Tables, Charts, and Complex Excel Functions. Utilized Excel formulas, Pivot Tables, and Macros to interpret data  ? At the PMO level work with the PMO manager to champion ongoing process improvement initiatives  to implement best practices for Scaled Agile Project Management  ? Generally works under the supervision of Program Leadership  ? Operates in a Team Leadership role within Project Controls. Gathers input and information for projects  Across the Client Progress Territory.  ? Works with all PM's and PCS's to obtain information regarding the status and health of $150M - $1B in projects each year.  ? Generates monthly reports, to include Dashboard and Enable Project Management and Project Controls  Reports. Distributes and archives project documents.  ? Prepares project information for yearly budgeting purposes.  ? Responsible for gathering, verifying, validating and analyzing cost and schedule data.  ? Transmission Project Controls, Project Management or Construction Experience  ? Manages change control for both cost and schedule.  ? Develops and maintains work breakdown structures, project schedules, cost estimates, tracks and trends  cash flow.  ? Tracks and reports project status, analyzes variances, determines earned value, and analyzes critical  path activities at a level appropriate for the project  ? Maintains effective relationships with customers and supports the resolution of quality issues  ? Program or Project Risk Program Control experience (Familiarity with PMCoE, PPM, Risk Registers and Tools  a Plus) PROJECT MANAGER / BUSINESS ANALYSIS/INTELLIGENCE North Carolina Department of Health and Human Services - Raleigh, NC October 2013 to April 2016 Raleigh, NC  Division of Public Health (DPH) / Nutrition Service Branch (NSB) Women, Infants & Children (WIC)  PROJECT MANAGER / BUSINESS ANALYSIS/INTELLIGENCE -WIC CROSSROADS STATE  AGENCY MODEL IMPLEMENTATON PROJECT (SAM) STATES INCLUDE ARE AL, VA & WV  ? Work with business and technical SMEs to ensure project deliverables are complete on schedule;  coordinate and track assignments to subject matter experts.  ? Healthcare Information Exchange experience. Provider/hospital liaison experience  ? Perform planning and analysis activities, with direction and input from DHHS, by leveraging existing reporting  available via DHHS tools to develop and document a strategy to prioritize sites, counties, regions, states and existing partners for WIC/Crossroads/SAM onboarding/expansion.  ? Interface and document, when and where appropriate, with direction and input from DHHS, with DPH/NSB  personnel to collect information related to their top medical documentation providers to ensure that they meet the goal of the WIC/Crossroads/SAM expansion, i.e., High volume providers.  ? Create and document a communication plan, with direction and input from DHHS, and when appropriate,  engage Regional Nutrient Consultants, Business Analysts and SMES resources to work in parallel and in conjunction with call center support.  ? Develop, in conjunction with and with direction and input from DHHS, training materials and call center  scripts, for call center resources.  ? Execute training and developmental sessions in conjunction with and with direction and input from DHHS.  ? Acts as a liaison between departmental end-users, technical analysts, information technology  analysts, consultants and other governmental organizations in the analysis, design, configuration, testing and maintenance of case management systems to ensure optimal operational performance.  ? Supports centralized program office, program manager and program lead  ? Works with project teams to understand and assist with tracking all work, task and project assignments as needed  ? Assists with the development of metrics and supports initiative reporting  ? Coordinates with communication leads to support change adoption  ? Assists with the development and maintenance of program documentation as needed  ? Provides day-to-day support for resource assignments in Clarity for labor recover and allocations  for program resources to ensure cost recovery is in alignment with forecast  ? Analyses the feasibility of, and develops requirements for, new systems and enhancements to existing  systems; ensures the system design fits the needs of the users.  ? Implement governance standards across the portfolio, including tracking, monitoring and updating  the status of project/program deliverables.  ? Experience in managing large and complex programs (with offsite/onsite locations) and various vendor  engagement models (Manages services, T&M, Fixed bid).  ? Manage project/program level Lessons Learned repository; attend Post Project Review  meetings to identify key areas of improvement to be captured into the Lessons Learn repository.  ? Determines operational objectives by studying business functions; gathering information; evaluating output  requirements and formats.  ? Experience in QA Processes, Standards and Automation  ? Designs new computer programs by analyzing requirements; constructing workflow charts and diagrams;  studying system capabilities; writing specifications.  ? Defines project requirements by identifying project milestones, phases, and elements; forming project team;  establishing project budget.  ? Working with Risk Management, including Risk Triggers and manage Risks to Project Plan Task  ? Monitors project progress by tracking activity; resolving problems; publishing progress reports;  recommending actions.  ? Medicaid and Nutrition Service Branch (NSB) Delivery experience  ? Prepares technical reports by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing information and trends.  ? Maintains professional and technical knowledge by attending educational workshops; reviewing professional  publications; establishing personal networks; benchmarking state-of-the-art practices; participating in professional societies.  ? Project Management experience in System Development for Medicaid and Nutrition Service Branch  Experience Payer System.  ? Primary responsibility to build and maintain the product backlog. The backlog consists mostly of user stories, but also includes defects, refactors and infrastructure work.  ? Facilitate optimal development team engagement, encourage conversation during requirements elaboration  sessions.  ? Assist business with process modeling to clarify business requirements, and to enhance or re-engineer  business processes.  ? Coordinate and facilitate the identification of new features in preparation for release planning.  ? Maintain traceability of business needs to user stories across releases.  ? Produce and Review data/information models and preliminary system architecture, as needed  ? Planned, Coordinate, Scheduled and Performed daily duties including project /migration scheduling  and running reports  ? Run reports/ manage reports for Sole Record Keeping (SRK), Master Project Portfolio and MS Exchange  Migration Projects  ? Expanded e-mail capabilities through interconnecting MS Exchange implementing Internet Mail Service  (IMS) and deploying Outlook Web Access  ? Schedule, Outline and Deploy Migration Project  ? Worked with the management of master data processes in SAP to ensure that the data values are  maintained and conducted periodic cleansing of master data  ? Developed, Presented, And Defended Program Budget & Schedule as Defined & Tracked In Clarity  ? Have captured, analyzed, & reported Performance Metrics and Budget to leadership and created Excel  Reports Using Pivot Tables, Charts, and Complex Excel Functions. Utilized Excel formulas, pivot tables, and macros to interpret data  PROGRAM CONSULTANT/UAT COORDINATOR/CALL CENTER DIRECTOR-WIC CROSSROADS  STATE AGENCY MODEL IMPLEMENTATON PROJECT (SAM)  ? Demonstrate technical knowledge of web-based application development and support with an emphasis on testing tools, issues identification and resolution software.  ? Command of developing and managing testing, including knowledge and experience in use of software.  testing tools, at an advanced level.  ? Demonstrate a working understanding of planning, developing and execution of test scripts.  ? Promote positive Customer Service attitude among peers; develop and maintain good relationships  with customers by listening, understanding and reporting to the needs of the customer. PROJECT MANAGER/BUSINESS ANALYSIS/INTELLIGENCE Sprint - Raleigh, NC March 2013 to September 2013 - SPRINT  ? Assist in the development and maintenance of a project plan of the major milestones.  ? Data collection and spreadsheet management for Business System.  ? Implement governance standards across the portfolio, including tracking, monitoring and updating  the status of project/program deliverables.  ? Manage project/program level Lessons Learned repository; attend Post Project Review  meetings to identify key areas of improvement to be captured into the Lessons Learnt repository  ? Carry out assurance review processes as required by the PMO Manager.  ? Responsible for the coordination and completion of projects within the Digital space  ? Schedule, Outline and Deploy Migration Project SENIOR PROJECT MANAGER / BUSINESS ANALYST WesTowers Communications - Apex, NC March 2012 to March 2013 - AT& T/ T Mobil  ? Responsible for Order Placement Timing, Supply/Demand Alignment, Material Replenishment and Supplier Performance.  ? Deep understanding of the principles of Vendor Management. Resolving disputes and claims with vendors  and suppliers.  ? Managing the procurement supplier relationships for the company.  ? Regularly contacting suppliers to renegotiate prices.  ? Coordinate project phases and schedules, arrange support services, order supplies, and track  progress. Data collection and spreadsheet management for Business System.  ? Monitored spending against open PO and Project Budgets, takes appropriate action with Project  Manager or Procurement.  ? Schedule, Outline and Deploy Migration Project PROJECT MANAGER/BUSINESS ANALYSIS / INTELLIGENCE NSORO / MasTec Network Solutions / AT&T - Morrisville, NC November 2011 to February 2012 Define project scope, goals and deliverables that support business goals in collaboration with senior  management and stakeholders. Provide project status to managers at all levels of a project.  ? Effectively communicate project expectations to team members and stakeholders in a timely and clear  fashion. Delegate tasks and responsibilities to appropriate personnel.  ? Determine the frequency and content of status reports from the project team, analyze results, and troubleshoot problem areas. Provide a common methodology for project planning and reporting. SENIOR FINANCIAL SYSTEMS SPECIALIST/UAT COORDINATOR BB&T - Wilson, NC September 2009 to November 2011 BUSINESS ANALYSIS/INTELLIGENCE  ? Plans, schedules, coordinates and oversees major software upgrades, new releases, and installation of related software applications; organizes and assigns test teams, develops implementation schedule and  work tasks, manage implementation of custom changes to the District's financial management system.  ? Strong working knowledge and experience with Microsoft SQL Server, Access, client/server applications, web-based applications, Adobe Acrobat, Photoshop and Oracle  ? Studies and reports on unused functions of the financial management software; develops and tests new or modified report formats, customized programs to manipulate data, or changes to file structure; creates or  updates functional specifications for new or modified reports and applications; coordinate with lead user and developer to test and implement new or modified programs as needed.  ? Assist less experienced analysts with complex problems regarding testing approaches, application knowledge, and technical knowledge. Experience in data analysis and reporting. Education B.S. in Accountancy Providence College - Providence, RI Skills Database, Ms access, Oracle, Sql, Erp