Ass IT Business System Analyst Ass <span class="hl">IT</span> Business System Analyst Harrison, NJ Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Ass IT Business System Analyst Florida Blue/ Guidewell - Jacksonville, FL June 2019 to Present •  Converted existing reports to improve business insights in the business intelligence team.  •  Analyzed business needs to define requirements and identifies impacted system processes.  •  Obtained input from subject-matter experts and research to help implementing solutions.   •  Defined business process, work flow and created user stories and use cases.  Business Analyst A2 Automation, Inc September 2016 to May 2017 •  Led a team to provide ERP/ MRP implementation and customer support to the client.  •  Coordinated with stakeholders to map the operation processes through system configuration   •  Assisted the data migration, testing and maintained data accuracy for system.  •  Designed over 100 reports to help measure the efficiency and performances in multiple functions area.   Business Analyst National Tsing Hua University(National Payroll System) February 2016 to August 2016 •    Planned an agile developing project for a new module of the Payroll System consisting of 2000+ schools.  •    Consulted with stakeholders to configure regulations into system processes and defined system requirements.   •    Prioritized business requirements and improved 10% of users’ satisfaction and provided users training.  •    Designed process flow, use cases and constraints to improve system and reports quality. Project Manager Pou Chen Corporation July 2014 to August 2015 • Supervised 15 projects by planning and analyzing issues in current process and in future production.  • Led the new product development team to introduce a new Nike product line.  • Identified opportunities to improve process efficiency and quality, then delivered a cost-effective solution showing an average savings of 5% for each product.  • Collaborated with cross-functional teams from various countries to implement production plan, design change and maintain BOM and routing data. Sourcing Intern New Times Creation Co - Guangdong, China June 2013 to September 2013 - Assisted with selecting vendors by negotiating price, delivery term, and quality.   -Developed products' proposal to meet client requirements and helped create the product catalog for customers such as Li&Fung, Macy’s, Target, Kohl's. Education Master's in Information Technology & Analytic The State University of New Jersey - New Brunswick, NJ September 2017 to January 2019 Bachelor's in Management Science, Industrial Management National Chiao Tung University September 2011 to June 2014 Skills Crystal report (1 year), Excel (5 years), Javascript (Less than 1 year), Python (1 year), Sql (2 years), Data Analysis (1 year), SAP, access, HTML, testing, Business Intelligence, UML (1 year), MS Office, Tableau (2 years) Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/hsiu-lin-chi-458a6667 Certifications/Licenses Lean Six Sigma Green Belt SAP Association Certification Tableau Desktop Certified Associate APCIS CSCP in Progress Additional Information PROJECT            Predicting Demand in Current and Future Bike Sharing System (Data Mining Research, Python)    • Collected data for multiple data sources and conducted data manipulation  • Applied data modeling, statistical analysis to learn bike station’s operation and the environment patterns.   • Present a solution without using historical data to make predictions using clustering methods.    Demand Forecasting and Operation Analysis                            • Analyzed demand trends and inventory level by developing new safety stock methods.   • Made conclusion for the impact of increasing 10% of the accuracy.