IT Technical Program Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Technical Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Technical Program Manager - Verizon Digital Media Services Menlo Park, CA Work Experience IT Technical Program Manager Verizon Digital Media Services - Los Angeles, CA 2016 to Present Liaise and consult with business leadership to support development of strategic action plans and achievement of business goals. Conduct studies and perform analyses to gain insight into operational processes and identify key  issues. Create valuable solutions; present recommendations; deploy new organizational tools and systems. Design  new processes; plan project details; utilize various project management methodologies to deliver timely results.  ? Implementation of ITSM Process using ServiceNow.  ? Implemented Project Portfolio Management (PPM) and Resource Management in ServiceNow application.  ? Implementation of HR Service Delivery Application(HRSD).  ? Maintained all the customers, partners and wholesalers within ServiceNow application, successfully  managed all their relationships, contacts, contracts and assets to provide better customer service and customer experience (Implementation of Customer Service Management (CSM) in ServiceNow)  ? Integration of ServiceNow HRSD with Workday and NetSuite (ERP) Application.  ? Played a pivotal role in rationalizing the applications during merger & acquisition.  ? Enhanced internal billing application to effectively calculate the CDN usage per customer.  ? Deployed organization-wide configuration management process & Integrated with 15+ corporate apps  (Slack, MultiSSO etc).  Successful track record as a Program Manager for Iaas, SaaS & PaaS projects.  ? Involved in proof of concept for GCP (especially on GCE platform engaged in supporting and managing the instance groups, templates, load balancers, identity, and access management).  ? Initiated the proof of verification for migrating to cloudsql from on-premises.  ? Managed Stackdriver, created and managed policies.  ? Managed CloudSQL backups, High availability, restoring backups, creating read replicas.  ? Deployed CMDB for the CDN ISP (Internet Service Provider), which has border routers, core routers, switches, line cards, backbone circuits, network circuits, cross-connects, ports, patch panels.    ? Lead and Implemented the Network Automation Engine (NAE) from inception to the completion of the project, integrated with a couple of Internal applications and also with ServiceNow, the overall project  reduced the time taken to reroute the network traffic from hours to minutes and saved 2 million dollars.  ? Decreased contract search time by 85% and costs by 50% over outsourced rates through conceptualization  and implementation of knowledge center-based search engine. Lowered procurement costs by 30% through instigation of process enhancements and rigorous controls.  ? Vendor management process (used to manage the vendors for the internal capacity).  ? Contract management (effectively tracked the contracts that are associated to the vendors).  ? Designed and architected the customer portal(Service Portal) for providing better customer services.  ? Involved in consolidating internal IT help desks and setting up the centralized service desk.  ? Created and managed roadmaps to align with executive strategies for the enterprise department.  ? Conducted quarterly and yearly stakeholder meetings to prioritize the programs & projects.  ? Product Owner for 6 development teams (ServiceNow, JIRA, Confluence, Salesforce, NetSuite, and an internal rating engine application), performed daily SCRUM meetings and bi-weekly iteration planning &  retrospectives, using Agile methodology (as well as Kanban).  ? ServiceNow Product Owner/ Manager, working with over 500 stakeholders, including over 20 executive  stakeholder representatives  ? Managed burndown/up charts, velocity charts, and Gantt charts to track project and team performance.  ? Performed Earned value management reports, forecasted the budget and cost of the programs and projects. Led products from conception to release stage of the product lifecycle.  ? Manage cross-functional projects by providing project leadership and daily management throughout the project from inception to delivery.  ? Created plans, requested staffing for projects, and assigned people to specific tasks using ServiceNow  Resource Management application. Also provided a consolidated view of staff availability, allocation, and capacities for all work tracked in any ServiceNow application, including projects, incidents, and changes.  ? Liaised and consulted with Technical account managers (TAMs) and Strategic account managers (SAMs)  to address customer issues and process improvements for the enterprise applications to provide better  customer service.  ? Worked with VP of service delivery and senior directors in aligning service level agreements with operational level agreements to improve incident management process and also initiated the major incident  process for HPI (high priority incidents).  ? Played an integral part in contract negotiation with vendors.  ? Provide status reports to senior managements for making better decisions.  ? Spearheaded, led and managed implementation of advanced Service Management Data Analytic platform  - ServiceNow Performance Analytics to provide advanced insights and analysis to enterprise executives.  ? Involved in quarterly and yearly budget meetings.  ? Staff Management - Overseeing and managing resources.  ? Played a significant role in deciding the Cloud Service provider, i.e.(AWS Vs. Azure vs. GCP).  ? Experienced in implementing Agent Intelligence(Machine Learning) in ServiceNow to effectively  categorize the root cause of the incident and assignment group based on the past data. COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS - College Station, TX 2014 to 2016 IT Service Management Architect COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS 2014 to 2016 Implementation of all the core ITSM Process including Service Catalog management, Incident  management, Problem Management, Change Management, Request Management, using ITSM suite of ServiceNow Application.    ? Implementation of event management process to effectively track and monitor all the events that occur in the IT Infrastructure using ITOM suite of ServiceNow Application.  ? Integrated ITSM tool with 15 different enterprise applications to improve business process.  ? Worked closely with service desk team to address their pain points with the enterprise ticketing system, implemented custom applications with better ticket routing system, significantly reduced the incoming calls  to Service Desk department.  ? Implemented onboarding and off-boarding HR process in the system which helped HR department to efficiently track the HR cases. Integration of ServiceNow with SAP SuccessFactors.  ? Managed and led design of CSI Register custom application on the ServiceNow Platform to enable Service  & Process Improvement tracking.  ? Spearheaded and led a 20+ person enterprise stakeholder team to conduct an enterprise wide CMMI  Assessment enabling benchmarking of 10 key processes leading into Continual Improvement. Senior Associate COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS 2014 to 2016 Led and managed the entire implementation team.  ? Played an integral part in some of the procurement and pre-sales activities like preparing the statement of work (SOW), presentation and business proposals.  ? Leveraged my technical expertise, conducted training sessions and knowledge sharing sessions within the department.  ? Driven customer value by evangelizing and demonstrating ServiceNow as an application development  platform. ITSM Project Lead IGATE AMERICAS INC 2013 to 2014 Implementation of ITSM change management processes in ServiceNow, the change control process is  designed to ensure that changes to an application, infrastructure, and or data repository systems under the management of GEHC IT are appropriately documented, reviewed, authorized and scheduled prior to the  commencement of work or released for live use. It begins with the creation of a CR which includes  approvals and ends with the satisfactory implementation, completion, and closure of the approved change.  ? Successfully led design and development phase of Incident Management Process implementation  encompassing complaint handling and analysis, documentation, training, organizational planning and implementation of ServiceNow.  ? Successfully led second phase design of Service Catalog, Service Level Management, Problem  Management, Request Management, Configuration management processes by driving and working with cross-functional teams to complete deliverable on or before time along with the implementation of the same on Service Now.  ? Acted as the single point of contact to customers, Fostered and maintained client relationships by planning  and conducting meetings. Actively participated in business development and client relationship  development.  ? Managed a team of 10+ members located in nearshore, offshore for the entire development lifecycle.  ? Initiated pre-sales activities, Presented proposals and proof of concept(POC) to customers.  ? Provided staff augmentation for Technical Management- Development through Operational Needs.  ? Improved the on-boarding process by integrating ServiceNow with SailPoint(Identity Management System)  which saved $30K annually. Project Lead IGATE AMERICAS INC - Bridgewater, NJ 2009 to 2014 Access Management Team Lead IGATE AMERICAS INC 2009 to 2013 Evaluated multiple identity management solutions and Led implementation of Sun Identity Management (IdM) for  100K+ Internal users.  ? Communicated value proposition, status, and strategic roadmap to Directors, Program managers to gain  stakeholder buy-in and funding.  ? Managed team of 7 offshore consultants to evaluate solution options and customize Sun Identity Manager.  ? Defined requirements and designs to support identity lifecycle events (onboard, rehire, transfer, convert, M&A, update, suspend, terminate) for employee and non-employee workforce.  ? Led integration of Sun Identity Manager with core IT systems; i.e., EPA Personnel Access and Security  System (EPASS), Active Directory, SSO, Mainframe and managed upgrade from Sun IDM v6.1 to Sun IdM  v7.1. And e-bonded with 400+ different kinds of applications.  ? Proactively worked with HR, Info Security, Help Desk, Internal Audit and SOX PMO departments to increase the end-user adoption during and after the rollout. Education Bachelor of Technology in Technology Anna University - Chennai, Tamil Nadu Project Management Extension - UCLA (University of California Los Angeles) - Los Angeles, CA Skills Agile, integration, Project Management, Change Management, Visio