Senior Computer Technician (contract) Senior Computer Technician (contract) IT Project Manager Texas, AL Work Experience Senior Computer Technician (contract) Aria Technology Solutions - Glenview, IL November 2018 to December 2018 • Configured a new server Windows Server 2012 R2, Active Directory, DHCP and DNS for local network use;  • Used Sysprep on Windows 7\8\10 installation to generalize images for different version od Dell laptops and desktop and configured them on Windows Deployment Services;  • Created answer configuration files to allow unattended deployment of custom images from Windows Server;  • Repaired broken laptops and desktops ( Dell models);  • Restored to factory settings Android smartphones and Apple iPhone. PC Field Service Technician Active Office Solutions - Chicago, IL October 2018 to November 2018 • Updated operating systems on DELL desktops from IT labs and other classroom from CPS System using PXE option or Acronis USB utilities;  • Created\deleted users on network printers;  • Updated operating system on Chromebook;  • Repaired hardware issues on Chromebooks, DELL desktops;  • Installed software and configuration off Smart-boards Desktop Migration Technician Agensys Corporation (contracted to Dell Inc.) - Schaumburg, IL October 2018 to November 2018 • Responsible for replacing existing Dell Docking Stations with the newer D6000 Docking Stations  • Unpacked new D6000 Docking Stations  • Removed and replaced old docking station with new docking station and checking if the dual monitors are connected and properly configured to work with the new docking station IT Project Manager Timisoara Public Transport Company - Timisoara June 2017 to April 2018 • As IT Project Manager together with the Chief Executive Officer and the other members of the Board of Directors, I participated in the elaboration of the investment plan as well as the implementation deadlines;  • Coordinated 4 departments with more than 50 people and 4 major projects:  • VeloTM - a self-service stations network for bicycle renting in Timisoara;  • 24Pay - an electronic wallet that provides payment services for public transportation travelers  in Timisoara;  • WizOne an human resource administration program designed to covers requests and approvals flows for annual leaves and other types of absences, certificates issuing, trainings and to build strategies and budgets for managing workforce related costs, at various levels  1. WizSalary - a payroll and personnel administration program designed to provide accurate and adaptable computerized work tool in terms of labour law amedments.  • Provide IT leadership to ensure delivery of practice projects on time, on budget and meeting scope and quality expectations;  • Contribute to the IT strategy by providing proposals which include: cost, solution selection and technology insight;  • Coordinating projects and initiatives related to the program including but not limited to business requirements gathering, testing and implementation of various modules of the selected platform;  • Acting as the business relationship manager for the various internal organizational groups;  • Establishing work plans and staffing for project activities, iterations or phases, and arranging for recruitment or assignment of project personnel as needed;  • Providing leadership and motivation to project team members throughout the program lifecycle and conferring with project staff to outline work plans;  • Acting as the primary liaison between external partners and internal departments during implementation phases;  • Provided prevention and event work, bound on schedule, along with my team.  • Provide weekly, monthly and annual status reports  • Track and log project issues and risks Senior DBA Developer Timisoara Public Transport Company - Timisoara August 2015 to June 2017 • As Senior DBA Developer, I worked with other management staff to determine and implement specific organizational technical needs;  • Provided support to migrated of old accounting system that used FOXPRO databases to new applications that use Microsoft SQL Server 2012.  • Extracted data from FOXPRO database and prepared to be inserted in Microsoft SQL Server 2012 database.  • Handled and imported data from a database management system FOXPRO system to Microsoft SQL Server.  • Administered an Oracle 10g database: - management of back-up, creating triggers and reports using PL/SQL.  • Administrated and provided technical support for a Bike Sharing project Velotm.  • Trained new employees on technical and process front.  • Maintenaned of a wide range of systems and applications for PC, network, midrange mainframe environments.  • I have experience with usage, installation, repair and configuration including but not limited to Microsoft Windows XP/7/8/10, Windows Server 2003/2008/2012 and Imaging.  • Monitored customer satisfaction with our company's IT services.  • Installation, repair and configuration of Computer Hardware (internal components and peripherals), Multifunctional Printers, Intermediate Networking.  • Ensures appropriate operational planning is executed to meet business needs.  • Provided appropriate documentation.  • Help desk support and ticketing software.  • Organized and managed multiple tasks/assignments at the same time. SQL Programmer Analyst Timisoara Public Transport Company October 2014 to August 2015 Some key functions I had as SQL Programmer Analyst:  • Provided guidance for problems and questions, regarding company's database administration (FOXPRO, MS SQL and MySQL).  • Created triggers and reports for Sales Department and Monitoring Department on Oracle 10g database.  • Data back-up and restore, for all PC's in the company (around 500).  • Handled specific applications and operating systems installation/configuration.  • Debugged various hardware and software related problems occurred in different company locations.  • Scheduled corrective and preventive IT product maintenance. Education Bachelor's in Computers and Information Technology Ioan Slavici University - Timisoara 2010 to 2014 Skills SSRS (4 years), T-Sql (4 years), MySQL (2 years), PL/SQL (4 years), SSIS (1 year), ETL (1 year), HTML (1 year), CSS3 (1 year), Git (1 year), Navicat (4 years), Toad (4 years), Microsoft Office (5 years), Microsoft SQL Server 2012 (4 years), Microsoft SQL Server 2008 (4 years), Microsoft SQL Server 2005 (4 years), VirtualBox (4 years), PostgresSQL (1 year), Oracle 10G (4 years), Sql Server, Sql Database, DBA, Data Warehouse, PL SQL, TSQL, TF (2 years)