Field Service Engineer II Field Service Engineer II Davison, MI My career objective is to obtain a hands-on position in an environment where my capacity to learn quickly and intuitively by doing will provide the greatest benefit to a company or business. I would like to advance my career focus in IT work to a more involved field to achieve a more fulfilling, hands-on career. Additionally I am looking to expand into other career choices to develop my overall skill set. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Field Service Engineer II McLaren Health Care - Flint, MI 2018 to Present Managed the IT infrastructure and oversaw operations at McLaren hospital.    Aids customers with their day to day IT needs which includes but is not limited to; maintaining/repairing electronics (PCs, phones, etc), managing user, managing end user software and, programming Cisco devices for clients as well.    Acts as a central point of contact for 3rd party teams and vendors. Mainly overseas with our India network teams. Provides remote hands when it comes to physically diagnosing network issues within the hospital. This includes, tracing ports, inspecting cable integrity, security, and overall device health. Manages static IPs for some of the company's medical devices. All of this in the addition of maintaining a positive IT experience for our users through our ticketing system.    Maintains above average satisfaction in regards to SLA times. Micromanages departmental ordering. Provides quotes, and go through the necessary channels to order net new, or break fix items. Collaborates with our CDW and supply chain contacts to regularly track orders and maintains a log of every shipment that comes into our office.    Provides weekly on call support and assists the hospital with any after hours issues that arise.    Some skills for summary:    - Active directory management  - Project management  - Change order management   - Training  - Citrix administration and troubleshooting   - VPN maintenance and setup  - Network administration (mostly physical)  - Windows 7, 10, 2008 server  - All office applications (including 365)  - SCCM software   - Imaging process for setting up new workstations   - Vlan management and VDI support  - Cisco ISE and other Cisco related services (Programming phones, and managing megacluster)  - Minor knowledge on repairing biomedical equipment  - Electronic repair (PC, Laptop, Mobile devices)  - Group policy management Systems administrator and Team lead Hank Graff Chevrolet - Davison, MI 2018 to 2018 - Diagnose and repair computer systems.  - Managed routine maintenance on servers and desktop/laptop PC's.  - Worked remote to troubleshoot software issues.   - Set up new inventory with Windows operating systems and company software.  - Installed and troubleshoot printers of all brands.  - Programmed and troubleshoot VOIP phones (Cisco, Ameritech, etc.)  - Managed ticketing systems and service calls for 10 dealerships in several different cities across Michigan.   - Worked closely with 3rd party companies to address outsourced managed services.  - Monitor network activities and fortify network security protocol.  - Manage deployments of new units.  - User creation and data management.  - Training staff and new employees  - Managing a small team and delegating workflow. Software Support Specialist Universal Software Solutions 2016 to 2017 Software Support  • Troubleshot software issues  • Contacted and maintained professional relationships with clients  • Assisted customers via phone and email  - Trained individuals on the use of the software. IT Project manager and lead building tech. Third Circuit Court - Detroit, MI 2015 to 2016 • Answered calls and emails  • Resolved issues remotely  • Wrote and distributed tickets to appropriate buildings  • Trained help desk employees  • Compiled a help desk training guide  • Ensured all judges, administrators, attorneys, etc had their issues resolved in a quick and efficient manner  • Made orders and arranged shipments  • Assisted with judge IT equipment moves  • Oversaw court projects; e.g. video conference installations and presentations  • Managed all IT related issues for the entire building unassisted  - Managed and oversaw the operations of IT and projects.  - Provided a quick and smooth rollout of over 400 windows 10 workstations. IT Service Desk Technician Briggs and Stratton 2013 to 2015 • Made/answered calls to/from clients  • Troubleshot using remote desktop protocol to resolve issues as quickly and efficiently as possible  • Managed Google accounts and Google admin consoles  • Set up new employees with access to programs  • Programmed Cisco phones  • Managed Active Directory  • Worked with remote servers and synchronization consoles  • Coordinated with other IT divisions to ensure protocol was constantly being met  • Diagnosed network/server outages which could affect production if left untreated Education High school or equivalent in Network administration, computer sciences, cyber security Baker college - Flint, MI Skills Active Directory (6 years), Cisco (2 years), Mobile and handheld device repair (5 years), Computer Hardware (10+ years), Customer Service (7 years), Team Management (1 year), Office Applications (8 years), Citrix (4 years), VNC (1 year), VPN (5 years), Powershell (2 years), Network Administration (3 years) Assessments Mechanical Skills: Aptitude — Proficient August 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to understand and apply mechanical concepts and processes. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/xb6dxn2pf9cw1pxy Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information Personal Achievements:    - Aided the court system with their windows 10 deployment for over 400 workstations. Oversaw the shipments, and worked to update workstations within a few months.    - Discovered and recovered 32k worth of backstock equipment that was not inventoried as deployed. Quotes were made to get orders processed.    - Aided the hospital in providing a Citrix environment for their legacy websites and software that are only compatible with windows 7 or earlier.    - Designed and implemented a court to court video conferencing plan so that the court houses in Detroit can communicate between themselves. This called for every court room to receive a polycom system, and a 60 inch TV. Organized vendors and staff for its installment.