Jr. Project Manager Jr. <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Agile Digitalization Masters Snohomish, WA I am specialized in creating sustainable, innovative and valuable IT-solutions in order to accommodate the increasing need for digitalization within modern day businesses. Throughout my education, I have worked alongside Danish businesses and addressing various challenges some of which included creating new IT strategies and streamlining existing internal IT processes to great success.     My personality is best categorized as an outgoing, highly analytical team player. I excel when working alongside people in a stimulating working environment. I have a keen sense to detail and will put my utmost effort into solving any task given to me to my best ability. Furthermore, I strongly believe that a working environment where smiles and hard work go hand in hand creates the best possible start to any project. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Jr. Project Manager PeopleTech Group - Redmond, WA July 2019 to Present Running a live software project making sure all deliverables are on time and controlling project scope. Bartender/ Manager Rico's Public House - Pullman, WA September 2018 to Present Bartended and served for 2 months before I was promoted to a manager. My responsibilities were to make sure that everything was running as clock work, which included delegating sections and areas of responsibility to my co workers so we could keep up our standard during peak hours. Breaking everyone, even during peak hours taught me a lot about time management and during multiple tasks at the same time. IT Management Intern C2IT - Kolding March 2017 to May 2017 C2IT is a Danish IT consultancy agency and my 3-month trainee period was within their marketing division.    During my time at C2IT, I articulated an internal communication strategy, which was to help bridge an even line of communication between the IT consultants who are constantly on the move. This internal communications strategy was later implemented due to its level of detail and realistic goals.    Furthermore, I was trained in cloud computing maintenance and security. Lastly, I attended in-house seminars regarding EU's new General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR). IT Project Management Intern iStone Danmark ApS - Middelfart October 2016 to November 2016 iStone is an IT company that specializes in ERP solutions for businesses.    During my 8-week trainee period at iStone Danmark I got to work with:  Project planning in MS Project, Translation (from English to Danish), Communication strategy and initiatives and CRM. Bartender Sprutten Bodega & Pool Hall - Aalborg February 2015 to March 2016 I worked as a bartender in Jomfru Ane Gade, which is the busiest place in all of Aalborg when it comes to nightly activities. This, in turn, helped me to overcome a lot of pressure during a work day and honed my ability to make decisions during the most stressful of times. Furthermore, it attributed to me learning about customer behavior and how to engage different personalities professionally. Junior Business Development Executive Castleford - Sydney NSW January 2011 to May 2011 Castleford is an SEO marketing company.    Within Castleford, I started out working in lead generation, where my function was to book meetings for the marketing staff. The last two months I was promoted to team leader and was responsible for the on-going training of existing as well as new employees. Warehouse Worker T. Hansen Gruppen A/S - Middelfart January 2007 to July 2008 My responsibilities were to handle, pack and ship, various product orders from private as well as business customers. Furthermore, my responsibilities also included delegating assignments to my team of three employees.    I have been hired to facilitate the same function over the summer holidays numerous of times and just before I moved to the US. This, in turn, means that I have worked at T. Hansen about 1½ year more in total. Education Master's in Information Technology Management Aalborg University - Aalborg September 2014 to June 2016 Bachelor's in International Communication Aalborg University - Aalborg September 2011 to June 2014 Skills Teamwork (6 years), Team Leader (2 years), Problem-based learning (5 years), Microsoft Office - Projects (1 year), Agile Project Management - Scrum (2 years), Strategic Planning, Customer Service