Delivery Project Manager Delivery <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Army Veteran with Impeccable Business Management Skills, Education and Experience Austin, TX Highly qualified Army Veteran and business manager seeks position in Austin, Texas in either logistics management or budget analysis. Over 15 years experience. Task oriented, motivated, consummate professional with great attention to detail and problem solving skills. Able to train and manage others as well as develop team relationships within the workplace. Vast experience in Human Resource management. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Delivery Project Manager Deloitte - Washington, DC January 2019 to Present Lead teams in handling escalated and complex project issues and coordinating technical delivery across Deloitte client teams to provide successful resolution. Engage and maintain client relationship, determine client needs in accordance with Statement of Work. Conduct project analysis and provide efficient forecast of all project directives and timelines. Track and manage project financials and present status to executives. Lead, manage, and direct project teams. Help shape processes that increase efficiencies in accordance with project delivery service levels agreement requirements. Mentor and coach stakeholders on their project management methodologies. Act as subject matter expert on project deliverables, timetables, risks, and challenges. Projects and Planning, Global IT Managed Compute Services Intern Oracle - Austin, TX July 2016 to July 2017 •Spearheaded a $100,000 project installing servers resulting in completion within budget and time. Worked with design leads, applications engineers, and logistics professionals to complete project assignments and tasks.   •Collaborated with virtual teams, across multiple countries and time zones as an individual contributor in order to support the success of the projects. Facilitated communication across broad spectrum of project teams and communicated technical information in detail for project requirements.   •Integrated complex data sets using standard office software in order to identity trends and gain insights in order to develop comprehensive reports. Expert at collection, organizing and displaying large data in spreadsheet format.   •Analyzed large data set within Oracle BI in order to provide consolidated reporting to upper management that drove data driven decisions for a team of 130 people.   •Collaborated with design leads, applications engineers, and logistics experts to complete project assignments and tasks.  •Conducted inspection of IT equipment within the data center, in order to support data center consolidation of equipment and detailed project documentation. Human Resources Manager Texas Army National Guard - Austin, TX December 2014 to July 2016 •Provide direct oversight to the $1M building budget. Developed and enforced clear policies, open lines of communications, and performance standards on training, human resources, funding, and security.   •Established, developed, and implemented personnel policies to address job performance in human resource management, recruiting, retention, and recruit sustainment programs in order to ensure 100% operational success.  •Oversaw and updated Key Readiness Indicator performance management system database to show the metrics of 1900 employees. Briefed Texas Army National Guard leadership on all metrics.  •Executed unit medical readiness processing resulting in medically preparing 615 Soldiers for overseas deployment.  •Established standard operating procedures reducing the delinquency rate by 2%. Logistics Manager Texas Army Natuonal Guard - Austin, TX September 2010 to December 2012 •Planned, developed, and directed logistics operations and field services for over 40,000 U.S. Personnel nationally and internationally.   •Analyzed big data in order to determine efficiencies and shortfalls in order to effectively support deployed troops.  •Sourced qualified vendors and negotiated contracts. Provided critical reporting to executive decision makers on status of logistics functions.   •Managed 15 Contract Officers who oversaw Basic Life Support contracts on a US base with over 22,000 personnel. Subject matter expert that plan and ensure projects were executed flawlessly while ensuring all audit readiness, financial and procurement transactions reports were submitted in a timely manner.   •Coordinated and managed the dispersal of over $60,000 in cash payments as the primary pay agent for the Field Ordering Office. Ensure over $29 million dollars in purchase and contracts were processed. Ensured complex projects were monitored, reviewed for accuracy and data was entered with zero errors. Tracked all logistics issues and provided detailed status reports.   • Project Manager for the inventory and disposal of over 2100 pieces of equipment over$154 million dollars of Organizational property. Analyst Quantum Research International, Inc - Arlington, VA •Collected, analyzed, documented financial and equipment procurement data as it related to the Equipment Transparency Report (ETR) for over 2000 Line Item Number equipment.   •Analyzed over $100,000 Million plus dollars in funding changes impact on the United States Army, National Guard and U.S. Army Reserve.  •Briefed high ranking officials on updates on reconciliation of expected fielding quantities, tracked requirements, acquisition, and deliveries of fielded equipment   •Prepared detailed executive summary reports using data collection files in order to highlight progress in meeting equipment delivery targets.  •Coordinated with military professionals and government leads and aided in developing solutions on complex issues. Education Master of Business Administration in Business Administration Concordia University - Austin, TX Bachelor of Social Work in Social Work Florida Atlantic University - Boca Raton, FL Skills Business Analysis (4 years), Budgeting (5 years), Human Resources (10+ years), Logistics Management (10+ years), Microsoft Office (10+ years), Team Building (10+ years), Oracle (Less than 1 year), Program Management (10+ years), Project Management (10+ years), Government Relations (10+ years), Training (10+ years), Forecasting (8 years), Operations Management (10+ years), Supply Chain Management (10+ years), Military (10+ years), Inventory Management (10+ years), Customer Service (10+ years), Pivot Tables, accounting, Word, Financial Analysis, Microsoft Excel, Pivot Tables, Word, Microsoft Word, Financial Analysis, Financial Reporting, SAP, access, Accounts Payable, Financial Modeling, Logistics Support (8 years), Supervisor (10+ years) Military Service Branch: Army Service Country: United States Rank: MAJ Certifications/Licenses IBM Certified Analyst, i2 Analyst’s Notebook Certification Present Oracle BI 11G R1: Create Analyses and Dashboard Ed Course Additional Information Competencies  Business Analysis  Logistics Support  Logistics Operations  Project / Program Management  Risk & Change Management  Implementation  Application & Development Testing  Fiscal Management & Budgeting Briefings & Presentations  Supply Chain Management  Secret Security Clearance  Operations Analysis  Solution Development  Multi-Site Operations  Microsoft Excel/Macros  Quantitative/ Qualitative Data Management  Records & Database Management  Performance & Process Improvement  Global Team Development / Deployment  Multi-functional Collaboration