IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager - SaiTech, INC./ National Aeronautics and Space Administration Greenbelt, MD Insightful, results-driven IT professional with knowledge and understanding of corporate IT security initiatives while participating in planning, analysis, and implementation of solutions in support of business objectives. Hands on experience and support in all stages of Security Life Cycle Management. Outstanding project and program leader; able to coordinate and assist in all phases of project-based efforts.    Educational Knowledge:  • Research and Development • Contingency Planning  • Network and System Security • Cost Benefit Analysis  • Policy Planning / Implementation  • Patch Management    • Data Integrity / Disaster Recovery  • Asset Management    • Vulnerability Assessment  • DOD RMF Training  • Vulnerability Scanning  • Intrusion Detection Systems/Intrusion Protection Systems (IDS/IPS)    • Security / Risk Management  • Risk Assessment  • Business Impact Analysis  • Firewall Work Experience IT Project Manager SaiTech, INC./ National Aeronautics and Space Administration - Washington, DC May 2017 to Present • Provides technical guidance/advisory IT services to Program Executives, Program Managers, and Senior NASA Executives on complex issues, policy, processes, PMO tools, and program/ project management related activities of the Department.  • Schedule participants and facilitate governance board meetings; record attendance; prepare minutes and decision memos; ensure compliance with record keeping requirements.  • Maintain Enterprise-wide IT support systems for project management including action tracker, document signature routing system, consolidated calendar, board management site.  • Agency expert involving SharePoint Management  • Monitors legislative and regulatory changes to identify required changes in policy, regulation, or procedures.  • Conducts training on new guidance/regulations issued.  • Serves as the agency senior IT Project Manager  • Leads ad-hoc teams to plan, develop, and publish policy/guidance concerning significant issues in Information Technology.  • Develops formal written advisory opinions in response to customer requests.  • Participates in Service assignments and efforts, including recommendations, policies, correspondence, and other work products in risk management, which result in the accomplishment and delivery of products/services to internal and external customers.  • Determines need for, justifies, plans and prepares for field site visits for purposes of fact-finding, rendering assistance to senior management/executives, delivering training, and representing NASA, in official proceedings.  • Prepares documentation of information gathered, recommendations/commitments made, objectives achieved, and findings developed.  • Develops appropriate solutions and/or provides services that contribute to the customers' ability to accomplish their objectives.  • Ensure Program Executives, Program Mangers and Project Managers update assigned projects, initiatives, and activities in the SharePoint based portfolio management tool. Information Assurance Analyst ICF INTERNATIONAL/ Department of Energy - Washington, DC July 2013 to March 2017 • Conducted security engineering for control requirements and recommend configurations for network infrastructure and applications.  • Updated, developed, evaluated, and validated System Security Plan (SSP) based on findings from controls using NIST SP 800-53 Rev 4.  • Contributed to initiate FISMA metrics such as annual testing.  • Assisted in POAM Management.  • Conducted client interview to determine security posture of the system and assist in completion of Security Assessment Plan using NIST SP 800-53A test required to maintain the organization ATO.  • Created/Develop Security Assessment Plan.  • Performed quality control for package validation on SP, RA, RTM.  • FISPS-199 categorization.  • Conduct audit trails and utilize risk analysis tools to diagnose and mitigate potential security breaches or intrusions.  • Conducted audit of SOP's to mitigate intrusions or a security breach  • Maintained inventory of software and hardware for DOE employees and contractors  • Performed continuous monitoring.  • Assisted with generating Security Assessment Report (SAR).  • Assisted with disposal of and retired IT system through Asset Management.  • Planned, Assigned and performed security validation review for C&A documentation for completeness and compliance to NIST C&A guidance.  • Served as an expert and change agent responsible for assisting in the development and implementation of high performance and organizational effectiveness strategies for directors, managers, and employees. Office Manager/HR Assistant INFOZEN - Washington, DC May 2013 to July 2013 • Prepared expense reports for Branch Managers (ICE & NASA).  • Uploaded information to SharePoint as needed.  • Prepared monthly excel spreadsheet of all ICE employee badges to send to headquarters for accurate head count.  • Assisted with setting up interviews for new hires as well as create offer package checklist.  • Coordinated/facilitated office space as well as coordinate/facilitate office moves. IT Project Coordinator RICHARD CARSON & ASSOC - Bethesda, MD May 2012 to March 2013 • Database administrator for the ISSO action item database and SA&A Database.  • Wrote Policy and Procedures as well as Standard Operating Procedures for NIH/NCI using NIST 800-53, FISMA and the EISP.  • Gathered the weekly Plan of Action and Milestones (POA&M) along with the Contingency Plan Testing to be sent to upper management.  • Responsible for identifying new process and finding out gaps in existing process.  • Updated the CIT System Milestones and Assignments in Microsoft Project.  • Prepared weekly and monthly status reports.  • Responsible for the technical edits on various systems.  • Created reports ranging from spreadsheets to databases for action items and POA&M notifications.  • Worked to ensure all projects remained on schedule and that any deviations were accurately reported in various reports.  • Produced project status reports, managed the team, and resolved day today issues with emphasis on POAM items. Education Masters of Science in Information Assurance in Cybersecurity Strayer University October 2017 to Present B.B.A. in Criminal Justice Strayer University - Millersville, MD December 2010 A.A.S. in Paralegal Studies Briarcliff College - Lynbrook, NY June 1996