ERP Consultant (PM) ERP Consultant (PM) Proven Project Manager/Systems Consultant San Leandro, CA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience ERP Consultant (PM) DK Consultants, San Leandro - E March 2017 to Present PL/SQL  Various Contract Consulting Clients  ? Conducted requirements gathering sessions, technical  assessments and created BPMN artifacts for various clients.  Software  ? Managed both the selection (RFP) of enterprise ERP systems and the implementations as well.  NetSuite Project Manager BMC - Pleasanton, CA March 2015 to February 2017 Project Management Office)    Reason for leaving: Pleasanton Office Closed; job was relocated to North Carolina Hyperion Essbase  ? Managed the nationwide budget ($10M+), custom development  and implementation of the Netsuite (SaaS) ERP system - 100% Comshare  travel.  ? Managed all aspects of the project lifecycle including: business  SQL Server  case development, contracts, scope, requirements, project plans, and budgets for the merger and integration activities associated  PeopleSoft with BMC and Stock corporations.    Oracle Enterprise Application Architect McKesson - San Francisco, CA November 2013 to January 2014 Management Consulting Contract via North Highland)  Reason for Leaving: Contract ended  ? Created an "Operational Assessment" report for the executives  that identified and recommended areas for improvement from both system architecture and a business process flow (BPMN)  perspective for the McKesson ERP system - Beeline (SaaS),  PeopleSoft, SAP, Oracle, and other interfacing applications. RP Consultant (PM) DK Consultants, San Leandro - E December 2012 to October 2013 Conducted requirements gathering sessions, technical  assessments and created BPMN artifacts for various clients.  ? Managed both the selection (RFP) of enterprise ERP systems and the implementations as well. Sr. Project Manager Micros Retail - San Francisco, CA December 2012 to October 2013 E-Commerce Saas)  Reason for Leaving: San Francisco Office Closed  ? Managed all aspects of the project lifecycle including business  case development, contracts, requirements, project plans,  budgets, upgrades, stress testing, and implementations for the PacSun ecommerce site ($600M+ in revenues).  ? Launched telescope.com (Orion) on time and under budget. IT Business Analyst (PM) Kaiser - Oakland, CA April 2012 to November 2012 Department of Research - DOR and KFRI)  Reason for Leaving: Contract ended  ? Created a grant management "cradle to grave" report for the executives that identified areas of risk and provided  recommendations from both a system architecture perspective  and a risk management perspective across the ERP system - PeopleSoft, Onelink, DORAAC, DORWINS, FINSYS, RMS, TIMS,  IVR, etc. lendale CA - Sr. Project Manager AT&T Interactive, G June 2008 to January 2010 Sales Channels)  Reason for Leaving: Job relocated to southern California  ? Managed the churn project portfolio and implemented initiates  that reduced customer churn by 17%.  ? Redesigned the Salesforce CRM application to improve data  gathering, workflow and align with activity based costing (ABC).    Wells Fargo, San Francisco CA - S r. Business Systems  Consultant  Reason for Leaving: I had to finish my graduate degree  ? Managed all technical aspects of projects including business case  development, feasibility studies, risk assessment, impact  analysis, information security assessments, SOX, PCI compliance and code reviews for VISA, Falcon Fraud, AML (Anti-Money  Laundering) and Reuters.  ? Managed projects ($2M+) from "cradle to grave" with heavy  emphasis on QA and development of firewall DMZs Education M.S. Economics in Econometrics Golden Gate University - San Francisco, CA B.A. in Economics Pomona College - Claremont, CA Skills Peoplesoft (8 years), Scheduling (10+ years), budget (10+ years), Estimating (10+ years), maintenance (8 years), Outlook (10+ years), Microsoft Project (10+ years), Word, Customer Service