Manager, Enterprise Supplier Management <span class="hl">Manager</span>, Enterprise Supplier Management Manager, Enterprise Supplier Management - Blue Cross Blue Shield of IL (HCSC) Chicago, IL Program Management Highly experienced in assessing true needs and expectations, building lasting professional relationships. Grow and deepen strategic partnerships to achieve mutually beneficial outcome.    Process Streamlining Effectively manage diverse tasks, with varying degrees of complexity, within a wide range of environments; evaluate situations, assess emergent needs, and implement solutions in a prompt and efficient/effective manner.    Resource Coordination Possess a proven ability to anticipate unique requirements or potential road-blocks in all situations. Continually develop back-up plans to minimize risk and deliver exceptional results; streamline communication and implementation channels to effectively meet client and organizational needs.    Leadership Have a demonstrated track record of outstanding service; a calm, dependable professional who devotes every effort to achieving the best results. Adaptable leader seeking opportunities with companies that foster innovation and collaboration while leading cross-functional teams. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Manager, Enterprise Supplier Management Blue Cross Blue Shield of IL (HCSC) - Chicago, IL 2016 to Present Recruited to build a comprehensive enterprise supplier management model to improve the effectiveness of vendor management in order to maximize performance and minimize business risk. Working with executive leaders, effecting change, introducing tools and processes, and supporting adoption. Recruiting and leading a 5 -member team and overseeing $540M annual critical supplier spend across business operations. Set strategic direction and oversee implementation of Enterprise Governance SaaS to support contractual compliance while enabling collaboration among governance teams.    • Designed an enterprise supplier management model emulated as a best practice.   • Became a CEO key strategic business initiative for 2018 and beyond.   • Shifted procurement into a strategic business partner. Established a foundation to drive successful enterprise-wide alignment.  • Worked through influence to communicate the value of supplier management through engagement with 30+ top leaders.  • Led first-time enterprise level meetings with Tier 1 suppliers. Completed strategic business reviews, set new expectations, and stood up governance processes.  • Participated in leadership trips to engage with offshore suppliers, and conduct on-site compliance and strategic business reviews.   • Created an executive dashboard to provide insights into enterprise-wide supplier relationships and facilitated strategic conversations to drive higher value creation.  • Defined the organizational structure, hired personnel, built a new team, and honed skills in business partnering, executive communications and supplier management.  • Designed operating processes to ensure consistency for supplier management, including balanced scorecards, financial management, compliance, risk management and contingency planning.   • Selected new supplier management technology and leading implementation using agile methods to drive functionality and adoption.  • Re-established charters and workgroups for Supplier Risk Management and Compliance. Matured risk assessment and compliance.  • Established best in class enterprise governance programs through key relationships across business functions. Senior Vendor Manager US Cellular - Rosemont, IL 2015 to 2016 • Implemented and supported a transparent, consistent, repeatable, reportable Vendor Management governance program that managed vendor partner performance/revenue share.  • Identified, mitigated, and communicated the risks associated with vendor relationships and established strong relationships with key Fortune 500 companies.  • Negotiated contracts with suppliers, realizing savings and other benefits for organization.  • Managed executive reporting regarding status, performance, and risks of vendor relationships.  • Managed financials such as accruals/spend forecasts, while supporting RFPs and other contracting activities.    Highlights  • Led members of Leadership Team & Business units to champion implementation of Vendor Management program; maintained vendor tier structure and risk assessment oversight.  • Participated in joint venture with 1871 Chicago to provide input on innovative events, centered on discussions regarding sourcing and supplier management practices.  • Collaborated with Procurement/Business to develop contingency plans and oversee remediation for high risk vendors. Senior IT Vendor Relationship Manager Federal Home Loan Bank of Chicago - Chicago, IL 2014 to 2015 • Oversaw development of IT governance program to manage outsourced providers.  • Managed critical vendor, completing account reviews, leading RFPs, directing contract negotiations, and managing supplier lifecycle.  • Provided strategic input into action plans which addressed identified areas of risk.  • Worked directly with CIO to develop business reviews and executive reporting.  • Responsible for leading RFPs, sourcing, and contracting initiatives.    Highlights  • Led development of IT Service Catalog; served as SCRUM Master for development of enterprise governance project.  • Developed, implemented, and maintained vendor management governance program.  • Created and maintained active trending reports to provide category reporting on performance of IT suppliers.  • Developed new hire training program, and process efficiencies within IT through active participation of project supported by PwC.  • Oversaw project management cross functional team in successful selection of a telephony solution that spanned across 5 FHLBs, including: vendor, personnel, internal IT members, and legal. Project Management & ITIL Instructor Simplilearn - Chicago, IL 2013 to 2015 • Led bootcamp courses teaching Project Management and ITIL methodology to help participants obtain certification. Senior IT Vendor Manager CNA Insurance - Chicago, IL 2013 to 2014 • Led governance oversight for Managed Service Providers (MSP), with $150MM portfolio.  • Managed cross functional teams for Agile and Waterfall projects, as well as VM analyst resources both remote and onsite.    Highlights  • Led Steering Committees meetings with senior leadership on supplier performance and associated critical project status.  • Implemented and maintained contract governance for strategic vendors, and developed standard governance operating procedures.  • Led audits and compliance initiatives, as well as developing contracts/negotiating terms. Project Leader Illinois Housing Authority Dept - Chicago, IL 2013 to 2013 • Oversaw completion of contract program, delivering $3B in funding and systems to over 150 facilities across Illinois.  • Led teams across broad financial/business disciplines, focusing on teams and business objectives while tracking progress to ensure milestones were completed on-time, on-budget, and with desired results. Director of Program Management JustOne Solutions - Baltimore, MD 2009 to 2013 Led development of IT consultancy and training organization from inception to profitability.  Created organization structure, positioning, reporting infrastructure, tracking metrics, and related sales processes. Education B.S. in Business Management Chicago State University Skills Program management, Strategic planning, Risk management, Contract management, Performance management, Change management, Process improvement Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) March 2013 to Present ITIL v3 December 2012 to Present Additional Information EXPERTISE:  Program Management  Risk Management  Strategic Planning  Performance Management  Supplier Relations  Stakeholder Engagement  Strategic Communication  Change Management  Policies & Procedures  Process Improvement  Contract Management  System Design/Implementation    PROFESSIONAL