IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager - University of Florida Bothell, WA Work Experience IT Project Manager University of Florida - Gainesville, FL January 2019 to Present Self-motivated and eager learner with leadership, communication, organizational, and analytical skills who is able to drive projects to completion while delivering the benefits and desired outcomes. Oversees various projects of moderate to complex nature under limited supervision.  Key Accomplishments:  * Works with customer(s) to define project scope, objectives, outcomes and benefits.  * Ensures projects managed adhere to defined quality standards, policies, procedures and best practices.  * Meets with technical resources and architects to ensure the design and approach chosen to execute the project will meet the needs of the customer.  * Leads projects from original concept through final implementation that are the responsibility of the Project Management Office.  * Works in a collaborative team environment, participate in the full software development life cycle and produce quality enterprise solutions.  * Leads medium and large sized projects across multi-disciplinary teams, composed of various levels of personnel, vendors and clients to create and deploy successful projects.  * Ensures assignments of appropriate resources and governance structures according to project needs.  * Manages scope, schedule, resources and accomplishes project objectives by applying project management competencies.  * Develops detailed work plans, resource plans, project estimates and status reports. IT Analyst University of Florida - Gainesville, FL September 2017 to January 2019 Driving cross-functional technical solutions and testing through understanding project business requirements. Coordinate Americans with Disabilities (ADA) and Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) compliance through testing, reporting, and training.  Key Accomplishments:  * Forging excellence in solutions for customer through design, development, quality assurance, and integration methodologies; tested APIs in SoapUI and JMeter software.  * Focusing on internal and external stakeholders to develop new and improved application processes.  * Collaborating with cross-functional team to develop test strategies for IBM's Master Data Management implementation.  * Tracking MDM change requests in JIRA and MDM defects in HP Quality  * Testing MDM functions and services with SOAP UI.  * Providing guidance on organizational change requests and test management processes. Project Manager Systems Documentation - Middleburg, FL July 2015 to September 2017 Spearheaded client projects to implement and train personnel on productivity systems and applications and coach on best practices for software implementation.  Key Accomplishments:  * Developed procedural documentation on software implementation for clients that could be easily understood by all audiences, effectively increasing the use of software and productivity of teams.  * Employed the use of document editing software (Camtasia, SnagIt, DemoBuilder, etc.) to enable ease of understanding for audiences. Software QA Specialist CACI International Inc - Jacksonville, FL March 2014 to June 2015 Executed software quality assurance of web applications, client servers, network, multimedia, database, and educational projects on Windows through testing experience related to functionality, compatibility, reliability, ad hoc, load/stress, usability, installation security, and related test methodologies  Key Accomplishments:  * Created engagement in software application systems among employees through entertaining tutorials using Camtasia, SnagIt, and Demo Builder.  * Ensured conformance with standards, policies, and process; Effectively prepared and executed audits and documented non-conformance. Information Systems Specialist United States Army January 2012 to February 2013 Key information systems technical advisor supporting 59 leaders and 2000 students annually on technologies such as desktop computers, switches, access points, printers, and mobile hand-held units within a Local Area Network (LAN).  Key Accomplishments:  * Managed IT projects for facility relocation which included moving 300 systems, 50 telephone systems, and a video teleconferencing system (VTC).  * Implemented the wiring of three buildings into the US Army Network by training and leading Army Reserve members rather than contractors, leading to a $50,000 project savings.  * Supervised a team implementing Windows 7 on over 400 systems.  * Known for exceptional leadership due to excellence in communication regarding project milestones and completing projects in a timely manner.  * Developed training materials through modeling, diagrams, and presentations to communicate technical expertise to non-technical specialists. Information Systems Specialist United States Army - Jacksonville, FL September 2008 to January 2012 Implemented Brigade-wide projects such as the hardware conversion and training of clinicians on MC4 (Medical Communications for Combat Casualty Care) application in coordination with the Regional Medical Command, Army Medical Department, and contractors.  Key Accomplishments:  * Supervised and trained more that 300 individuals in Information Assurance Compliance and the use of MC4, an Electronics Medical Record System created especially for the US Army.  * Managed the IT project to set up two 44-bed Combat Support Hospitals with MC4 hardware.  * Led a team of 50 soldiers to ensure successful completion of simultaneous project implementations, resulting in the elevation to Information Assurance Manager and Information Management Officer on the Battalion and Brigade level.  * Directed a team of 10 Soldiers on projects to implement system changes to Windows Vista on 300 units and ensure network connection and capability for admin section to complete security requirements leading to a 70% increase in security clearance applications and approvals. Education Master of Information Systems Management in Information Systems Management Keller School of Management, DeVry University, Jacksonville Bachelor of Science in Technical Management in Technical Management DeVry University - Jacksonville, FL Skills SDLC, Scrum Master, PM Links http://linkedin.com/in/kristy-hardy-3337b827 Military Service Branch: United States Marine Corps Rank: E-5 Certifications/Licenses Scrum Master October 2018 to October 2020 ? Adheres to Scrum as it is defined in the Scrum Guide  ? Facilitates Scrum events and maintains Scrum artifacts  ? Works to remove team and organizational impediments  CSM certification is a prerequisite for Advanced Certified ScrumMaster (A-CSM?) and the first step in the journey to become a Certi?ed Scrum Professional® ScrumMaster (CSP®-SM).