Information Technology Program Manager Information Technology Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> Information Technology Program Manager - Success Academy Charter Schools New York, NY IT Program and PMO Manager with expertise in IT projects, processes, and operations in the industries of education, social services, and facility management. Masters degree in quantitative analysis. Areas of expertise include: Agile and Waterfall development, QC testing, Business Analysis, SDLC, and staff training. Work Experience Information Technology Program Manager Success Academy Charter Schools - New York, NY July 2018 to Present ? Direct PMO team and department's project request queue. Facilitate Project Review Board discussions with CTO and senior Technology Dept. heads to accept and reject new work. Train all organization staff on Project Management tools ( Project Place, Innotas/PPM Pro, Trello), service management tools (Zendesk, Team Dynamix, Smart Data), and infrastructure management tools (AMS, Cisco Meraki, Builder Trend).    ? Managing IT School Infrastructure renovation projects for ISP management, installation and replacement of data cabling, firewalls, WAPs, switches, MDF and IDF electrical and fiber optic needs of over 45 existing school sites as well as newly awarded locations across 4 NYC boroughs. Also managing annual deployment and change management of over $3M student and staff technology (e.g MacBooks, Chromebooks).    ? Presently implementing a replacement procure-to-pay system (Coupa) and Asset Management SaaS (Team Dynamix). Coordinating 5 external contracted teams of developers to develop over 12 individual and complex integrations involving Microsoft Dynamics AX, ADP, Salesforce, Workday, SiSense and proprietary systems.    ? Resolving cross-departmental app integration and security needs related to Active Directory and Single Sign On (SSO) for SaaS integration projects utilizing GoGuardian, Okta, Workday, and Google G Suite MDM.    ? Identified $2.5M in wasteful spending in FY2018. Successfully executed first enterprise Mac OSX staff-computer software update cut-over project on over 2,000 staff devices. Developed Google Chrome kiosk app, deployed educational software and devices policies to over 9000 scholar devices.    ? Drafted and implemented several ITIL technology life cycle management documents and various reference guide documents for aid in inventory management, roadmapping, and codification of recurring operational tasks and FAQs. IT Consultant Journeymen Special Laborers LLC - Jersey City, NJ August 2016 to July 2018 ? Assisted small businesses and individuals to conquer their IT needs. Services provided include: IT Project Management, Scrum coaching, website administration, A+ PC helpdesk services, A/V systems operation and education, equipment planning and acquisition, equipment assembly and secure disposal, SOHO networking.  ? Past clients include: Globaltech Consulting LLC, Observe and Report Podcast, Roaring Game LLC. IT Program Manager Weill Cornell Medical College - New York, NY September 2017 to January 2018 ? Led multi- project effort coordinating weillcornell.org site development and Epic medical database to facilitate online patient scheduling, patient data and bio-sample processing, and data export to Nation Institutes of Health for the international precision medicine initiative All of Us Research Program.  ? Sequenced and facilitated prioritization of project requests using Atlassian tools from Health Research Dept. stakeholders.  ? Partnered with Business Analysts and informatics and web development SMEs to create, revise, and organize standard operating procedures (SOPs) workflows on NEXUS site for IT and medical staff covering user account management, electronic hardware, database software, and research coordinator onboarding.  ? Developed and presented instruction on transitioning from Waterfall to Agile including Scrum and Kanban.  ? Utilized: Service Now, NEXUS, Confluence, JIRA, SharePoint, SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), REDCap. Senior Facilities Manager Maximus Inc - New York, NY June 2013 to September 2017 ? Configured and managed and SaaS property management (Building Engines) and security management systems (Tyco Integrated Security) and related door security (e.g. RFID technology, keys, and locks).  ? Performed software testing for external vendor on security system and office group policy updates and developed emergency workaround procedures for staff when required.  ? Oversaw supply management, personnel site access, security logs, NYC safety-code inspections, office equipment maintenance, and corporate event coordination. Facilities Specialist Maximus Inc - New York, NY June 2013 to June 2015 ? Managed employee physical security user accounts and alarm systems and using SaaS security provider.  ? Led waste-reduction project upgrading electrical and other utility components on over 15,000 sq ft of office space to align with LEED Green Building recommendations.  ? Created new and revised outdated floor plans using Visio, drafted emergency evacuation and security-threat procedure documents.  ? Coordinated and verified work orders with union engineers for HVAC, electrical, and plumbing systems. Webmaster and Project Manager Roaring Game LLC - Irvington, NJ February 2012 to August 2013 ? Managed the successful releases of 1 year of media content in the forms of web articles, podcasts, and social media outreach for company Roaring Game LLC.  ? Webmaster: Conducted regular reviews of Google Analytics data, designed and launched website using Wordpress tools and HTML & CSS coding, managed web domain registration, G Suite and media storage servers, established and cross-linked several social media accounts (e.g. Twitter, Facebook, Google+).  ? Project Manager: Set recording schedules and milestones, arranged meeting locations, conducted post-recording lessons-learned sessions, acquired business license and tax information, delegated project duties to staff members, managed budget.  ? A/V Management: Operated mixing board, audio mixing software, installed studio sound proofing. Quality Assurance Analyst Maximus Inc - New York, NY December 2012 to June 2013 ? As UAT tester and end-user, created Agile user stories and performed UX testing on database-modification projects in coordination with externally-located development team.  ? Developed performance analysis reports using customized SaaS database (WorkQWEST) to present KPI to internal corporate and external NYC government stakeholders validating contractual performance obligations.  ? Reduced turnaround time for reporting requests to leadership from 1 week to 2 days through development of database analysis macros (VBA). Business Analyst ResCare Inc - New York, NY March 2011 to November 2012 ? Partnered with .net development team adding and refining business leadership-requested features to proprietary CRM tool.  ? Monitored and reported on deliverable progress to stakeholders through recurring f2f meetings, PowerPoint updates, and conference calls. Distributed meeting minutes and action items to team.  ? Evaluated and revised customer intake processing flow. Reduced bottlenecking of waiting rooms 15%, increasing daily revenue accrued via successfully processed customers.  ? Led trainings on new policy changes for department functional managers and subordinates aligning business practices with NYC Back-to-Work Program contractual goals. Education Certificate, Project Management Baruch College - New York, NY 2016 Master of Arts in Psychology Wesleyan University - Middletown, CT 2010 Skills CSS, SECURITY, SHAREPOINT, INNOTAS, MS PROJECT, SQL, JIRA, C++, HTML, VISIO, COMPTIA, LINUX, ANDROID, IOS, MS OFFICE, STATISTICAL ANALYSIS, NEXUS, BUSINESS PROCESS ANALYSIS, MAC, MAC OS, IT Management, Itil, Customer Service, Strategic Planning, Excel, PM, Waterfall, SDLC, PMP, Scrum Master, Project Management, CSM, Software Development, Information Technology, CSM, Project Management, Software Development, Information Technology Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/jermaine-lewis-m-a-pmp-csm-2b279a65/ Certifications/Licenses Certified ScrumMaster (CSM) July 2019 to Present Project Management Professional (PMP) June 2017 to Present Lean Six Sigma Green Belt Present CompTIA A+ Present ITIL v3 Present Additional Information Skills  Functional Skills Project management, business process analysis, statistical analysis    Technical Skills Academic familiarity with: SQL, HTML, CSS, C++    Tools JIRA, MS Project, Excel, MS Office, SharePoint, Visio, Nexus, Service Now, Confluence, REDCap, Google Docs, G Suite, Tyco Integrated Security, Zendesk,  AMS, Trello, GoGuardian, Project Place, Innotas, PPM Pro, Team Dynamix    Operating Systems Windows, Linux (Ubuntu), Mac OS X, Android, iOS    Work in progress CompTIA N+ certification