Director - Marketing & Technical Sales Engineering Director - Marketing &amp; Technical Sales Engineering Sales Engineering | IT Consulting | Technical Support | Product Manager Columbia, MD A consummate, result oriented and customer focused technology and business professional offering over 10 years of comprehensive experience in IT, product development, technical consultation, marketing, sales, project management and system design in both B2B and B2C. Generated and expanded the business through establishing an excellent reputation with a base of exemplary customer service. Skilled at aligning company goals with team goals and creating a positive work culture and environment.    o Deep understanding of agile software development, product enhancements and end-to-end solution architecture design.  o Skilled at overseeing complex, high-value technical projects ranging from $50,000 – 2.5 million with excellent planning competencies. Strong requirements gathering, scope development and resource management abilities. Work Experience Director - Marketing & Technical Sales Engineering Digital Broadcast Inc - Gainesville, FL 2017 to Present ·    Develop and implement technical marketing and selling strategies that increase product awareness, market share and company profitability for 12 existing products and new products.  ·    Present complex technology to CTO's, Technology Directors and Chief Engineers.  ·    Manage complex bid solutions including RFI and RFP responses from a technical and implementations perspective.  ·    Consult and advise media-centric customers on digital asset management, broadcast, archival, and cloud computing and SaaS solutions.  ·    Analyze, design and implement technical solution architecture for video acquisitions, delivery and management using various technologies per end Prospects requirements.  ·    Direct new product development, existing product enhancements and create product roadmaps.  ·    Work closely with partners to launch 3 tailored products in vertical markets and develop go-to-market launch plans.  ·    Analyze and conduct market and competitive research to better position and market products.  ·    Help design and improve UI and UX for existing and new products. IT Project Manager - Technical Support Digital Broadcast Inc - Gainesville, FL 2015 to 2017 ·    Scheduled and allocated resources for a $2 million a year production and optimized the production supply chain to decrease order-to-ship time from 45 days to 25 days.  ·    Devised and built a data center infrastructure that holds over 1 petabyte worth of media content for a proprietary SaaS solutions.    ·    Communicate project goals and scope, translate business needs into technical terms, prepare detailed work breakdown structures (WBS) and create team accountability for accomplishing project milestones.  ·    Created and implement company-wide policy and procedures that pertain usage of IT resources.  ·    Supervised and led the hiring, developing and mentoring of 7 production and IT customer support team members.  ·    Designed and implemented company-wide virtualization technology infrastructure to consolidate hardware.  ·    Directed agile product development for a Media Asset Management software tailored to City Governments.  ·    Provided third-level technical support to 200 end-users on proprietary software and other Windows and Mac-based applications.  ·    Created 4 support documentations for server assembly, software installs and system configuration for in-house staff and end users. Freelance Technical Consultant 2013 to 2015 • Provided customers with helpdesk support and troubleshooting on printers, PCs and laptops and mobile devices.  • Designed and implemented solutions on time and within budget while delivering high-quality services.  • Set up PC and Apple desktops and laptops and all types of mobile devices.  • Trained and supported end-users with software, hardware and network standards and use processes. General Manager - Founder Best Tronics - Gainesville, FL 2009 to 2013 ·    Oversaw and managed the entire company, including but not limited to the start-up operations of a new retail business.  ·    Launched 10+ marketing campaigns including in-print, social media and Ad Words which increased revenue by 480%.  ·    Supervised team of 10 employees and quadrupled sales in a span of 2 years.  ·    Trained and mentored employees and new hires to enhance productivity levels and improve staff performance.  ·    Launched 3 successful e-commerce stores. Education MBA in Marketing & Management Texas A&M University Corpus Christi - Corpus Christi, TX December 2017 Bachelor Of Science In Information Technology in Information Technology Southern New Hampshire University - Hooksett, NH Skills Acrobat (4 years), Artificial Intelligence (2 years), asset management (6 years), C# (3 years), CSS (Less than 1 year), Dreamweaver (Less than 1 year), Encoding (4 years), Excel (10+ years), HTML (Less than 1 year), Illustrator (3 years), Java (Less than 1 year), JavaScript (1 year), JSON (Less than 1 year), MICROSOFT PROJECT (4 years), MS Excel (10+ years), MS Project (4 years), MS Word (10+ years), MySQL (Less than 1 year), Problem Resolution (10+ years), Technical Support (7 years), Troubleshooting (10+ years), Technical Support (10+ years), Project Management (3 years), Systems Integration (7 years), Agile (4 years), Strategic Planning (7 years), Product Development (4 years), Negotiation (3 years), Management (10+ years), Operations Management (3 years), Risk Management (3 years), Project Management (3 years), Problem Resolution (10+ years), Cloud Computing (4 years), Virtualization (3 years), Public Speaking (4 years), Information Technology (10+ years), It Project Management (3 years), IT Management (6 years), Customer Service (10+ years), API, B2B, Salesforce, Product Management, E-Commerce, Ecommerce Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/shadiab Certifications/Licenses CompTIA A+ Assessments Business Math — Expert July 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to use basic math to solve problems in a business context. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/m7bzcpbqedvtbduo Technical Support — Expert July 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to apply protocols to identify errors and solutions in order to maintain system function. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/1q-n1yvmqr-haje7 CRM Skills with Salesforce — Expert July 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to demonstrate a knowledge of Salesforce objects, fields, and processes. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/ndpbbmpnaaiorjnt Project Management Skills: Budgeting — Highly Proficient July 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to manage project budgets by appropriately allocating and monitoring financial resources. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/spqrah-rpxfadq0f Management & Leadership Skills: Planning & Execution — Highly Proficient July 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to effectively plan and manage resources to accomplish organizational goals. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/vncqcn-yqj7fxps4 Data Analysis — Expert August 2019 Measures a candidate's skill in interpreting and producing graphs, identifying trends, and drawing justifiable conclusions from data. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/qurf4tc3u8nc-hyw Project Management Skills: Time Management — Highly Proficient August 2019 Prioritizing and allocating time to effectively achieve project deliverables. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/lpllixdq5uz-avl6 Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.