IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager - CENTRE TECHNOLOGIES Houston, TX Work Experience IT Project Manager CENTRE TECHNOLOGIES - Houston, TX June 2015 to Present Responsible for the implementation of large IT projects relating to network infrastructure, cloud storage,  telecommunications, data center builds, and software development for clients such as Houston Rockets, City of Houston, Mayor's Office, IAH (Bush Airport), Houston Police Dept., and ATU America.  • Utilize PMO standards in analyzing client business needs to create project plans, status reporting to management, managing project resources, and creating documentation; utilize waterfall/agile methods.  • Communicate with clients and stakeholders at every level of organization in order to drive projects and remediate any issues as needed; communicate with developers to enhance internal infrastructure monitoring  software based on client needs by utilizing backlogs, sprint planning, and scrum meetings.  • Lead daily team meetings, kick off meetings with client, and project update meetings to go over project  status and milestones relative to each project to maintain efficiency.  • Lead technical team to create and improve technical processes and document these processes for future  reference and training; lead project team and provide direction to enhance efficiency through completion.  • Monitor and control project costs and budgets that exceed over $1M with confidence and professionalism;  communicate with clients and management with updates relating to costs and budgets. Account Manager ( Projects) LENDING CLUB - San Francisco, CA August 2013 to April 2015 • Led projects for clients that involved investment analysis, credit risk monitoring, and loan grade selection.  • Worked with cross-functional teams including accounting, finance, risk and customer support in order to ensure timely project deliverables.  • Assisted in the creation and implementation of project documentation and risk analysis for internal use.    Project Coordinator, Member Support  • Assisted in a variety of internal business transformation projects that included the creation of training aids,  changes in policy and procedure, and facilitating the implementation of said changes in the support team.  • Led and managed projects while working with over 15 internal team members that included upper  management, engineering, product development, and marketing with ease and professionalism  • Promoted from member support and given special tasks due to exceptional job performance.  • Held Responsible for the training and mentoring of over 40 new Member Support and Loan Sales  Representatives through the creation of training aids. Education Master of Business Administration in General CALIFORNIA STATE UNIVERSITY September 2014 Bachelor of Science in Business Administration and Marketing UNIVERSITY OF SAN FRANCISCO - San Francisco, CA December 2010 Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) August 2016 to August 2019 Additional Information Skills  MS Office, MS Project, MS Visio, MS SharePoint, SalesForce, ConnectWise, Cisco/Meraki hardware,  telecommunications/VoIP solutions, VMware solutions, Dell Storage, Datacenter/Network infrastructure