Rockstar Rockstar Data Analyst / Project Manager Grants Pass, OR Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Rockstar Stonecoat Countertops - Grants Pass, OR March 2018 to June 2019 03/2018 to 05/2019  • Ensured my team shipped customer orders within 24 hours of placement  • Automated the process pulling customer order to create shipping labels  • Appeared on YouTube tutorials demonstrating product use  • Managed customer service, refunds, discounts, and business partnerships Production specialist Larson Manufacturing - Brookings, SD August 2015 to January 2018 • Ensured my team met nightly/weekly production schedule.  • Maintained accurate inventory within Oracle database.  • Audited inventory monthly to verify database accuracy.  • Trained new employees in all facets of the job.  • Built custom products to exact customer specification. Temporary employee Adecco Staffing Services March 2015 to June 2015 • Data entry  • Call center service Master Data Analyst - Temporary ESCO Corp October 2014 to February 2015 • Performed Ad-hoc reporting as needed  • Reviewed database records for accuracy against updated information from an outside company  • Performed mass updates of Oracle records  • Lead meetings with contracted companies to specify ESCO data requirements  • Maintained database integrity/functionality through updates Project Manager Sure Power Industries September 2013 to April 2014 Managed all aspects of multiple projects from introduction to market  launch. Guided material sourcing, product design, customer relations, manufacturing decisions and pricing.  • Maintained project schedules using PM software; responsible for keeping  customer informed of project status and timeline.  • Created purchase requisitions and orders in SAP. Handled all prototype  material sourcing with vendors.  • Coordinated project team working across the globe. Many team  members worked from China, Mexico, France, and New York in addition to my on-site project team. Business Systems Analyst intern ( IT Export Compliance) Daimler June 2012 to January 2013 Audited company IT systems to ensure that only authorized personnel  had access to information classified as restricted by the US Government.  • Distributed all formal communications to the IT department of 20000  employees  • Performed ad hoc reporting (SQL database) to advise upper management  on company performance.  • Wrote technical/functional specifications to advise expert programmers  on customer requirements.  • Automated weekly/monthly/annual report generation using Cognos  ReportStudio software to optimize employee efficiency. Education Bachelor's Degree in Finance in Finance Oregon State University 2013 Skills Db2, Oracle, Sql, Cognos, Ms project, Ms sharepoint, Sharepoint, Sap, Coding, Vba, Ms office, Pivot tables, Invoices, Excel, Outlook, Powerpoint, Word, Purchase orders Additional Information Relevant technical skills    Experience with various MS Office Suite programs:  Excel - Very experienced with many functions such as pivot tables, sensitivity analysis, v-lookups,  VBA macros, etc.  PowerPoint/Word - Experienced with all aspects of this software.  Outlook/Access/Vizio - Able to perform basic tasks using these programs  MS Project: Experience tracking project milestone and timeline from launch to release  MS SharePoint: Experience creating and managing new sites.  Oracle: Experience working with vendor records as an analyst and as a business user.  SAP: Used to manage purchase requisitions, purchase orders, invoices, managing future demand.  SQL coding: Able to write queries. I have experience working with the programs AQT, DB2, and Access.  Cognos ReportStudio: Experience creating automated reports working with hierarchal data  Cognos BIA: IBM Certification