IT Generalist/ Sr. Help Desk/ Sr. Desktop Support <span class="hl">IT</span> Generalist/ Sr. Help Desk/ Sr. Desktop Support IT Generalist/ Sr. Help Desk/ Sr. Desktop Support Highly analytical and process-oriented data analyst with in-depth knowledge of database types; research methodologies; and big data capture, curation, manipulation and visualization. Furnish insights, analytics and business intelligence used to advance opportunity identification, process reengineering and corporate growth.  Certified Skills:  • Project Manager Professional • Microsoft Active Directory • Advanced Cyber Threat Intel. • Six Sigma Belt  • CompTIA A+ • Information Systems Security Prof. • Cloud Security Professional • CompTIA Cloud+  • CompTIA Security +CE • Information Security Manager • Microsoft Office 365 • Incident & Response Director  • CompTIA Linux Plus • CompTIA CASP +CE • Chief Information Security Officer • Cisco CCNA  • Pen. Testing & Ethical Hacking • CompTIA Network +CE Work Experience IT Generalist/ Sr. Help Desk/ Sr. Desktop Support Fred's World Head Quarters - Memphis, TN November 2018 to June 2019 Active Directory, Office 365 Admin Portal, and Exchange, Oracle, Citrix, iOS support.  • Create incident, problem and change tickets as needed.\  • Train Tier 1, 2 & Tier 3 Help Desk & Desktop Support Agents.  • Provide primary/secondary support for critical issues that occur afterhours, always on call for the emergencies and able to get on site within 5 to 10 minutes of any emergency.  • Ability to handle multiple situations and/or tasks, while talking to others and helping shareholders.  • Provide communication between the company and the customer.  • Interact with outside customers and functional peer groups.  • Provide customer training both in person and remotely using Skype for business or Microsoft Business  • Maintain up-to-date knowledge of emerging tools and technologies  • Gather requirements and design, develop, test and document solution Dell - Memphis, TN July 2018 to November 2018 Cummins Project, Memphis, TN 7/2018-11/2018  • Data Migration of 15,500 units.  • Traveled to various sites regionally.  • Perform security checks.  • Reset passwords for end users.  • Provide exemplary customer service to all customers  • Effectively communicate (written and verbal) with all customers Supervisor Advanced Tech Dell - Southaven, MS July 2018 to November 2018 • Data Migration of 3,000 units including desktops & laptops.  • Windows 10 upgrades.  • End User Support Specialist.  • Provide emergency 24 x 7 on-call support on a rotating basis  • Systems Administrator to override systems failures.  • Microsoft Office 365.  • Active Directory Admin Portal, Service Now, Office 365 Admin Portal, Scripting, Coding.  • Sweep User Data.  • Provide Technical assistance to support end users.  • Developed & Implemented improvements to current processes. Associate Project Manager/ IT Analyst/ Tier III Help Desk Homeland Security Veterans Affairs - Bossier City, LA January 2018 to July 2018 • Call Center handling calls 24/7/365.  • Create incident, problem and change tickets as needed  • Active Directory, Service Now, Citrix, Linux OS, Microsoft office 365, Scripting,  • Write Code for imaging software to use at veterans affairs.  • Perform Schema Management.  • Document enhancement and new feature requests to escalate to Development  • Analyze and convert business requirements to technical requirements, followed by designing and implementing the solutions; Active Directory, Service Now, Citrix  • Traveled site to site of government buildings.  • Hardware imaging win 7/win 10.  • Handle inbound calls and tickets from end users needing assistance with application usage or issues  • Research and troubleshoot problems as reported and assigned by management  • Worked with shareholders & other project managers.  • Implement new directives and shortcuts to give a bigger outcome.  • Diagnosing, identifying, isolating & analyzing problems utilizing database records. I.T. Help Desk Apple - Memphis, TN May 2017 to January 2018 • Data Migration of 18,000 units  • Contributes to the development of organization's goals and objectives.  • Interact with outside customers and functional peer groups.  • Provide customer training both in person and remotely.  • Skype Lync for business.  • Provide emergency 24 x 7 on-call support on a rotating basis  • Perform systems configuration, maintenance tasks for related file systems, input/output systems, networking, clustering, running storage applications. IT Support Specialist/ Help Desk Support Tier III Northside Hospital - Atlanta, GA May 2015 to May 2017 • Traveled to all hospitals & clinics.  • Provide input to develop performance security management platform.  • Break/ Fix Printers & Monitors.  • Provide emergency 24 x 7 on-call support on a rotating basis  • Assisted in planning and administering installations of several printers into a single location.  • Assisted in answering regularly scheduled service and maintenance calls for repeat customers.  • Assisted in going to customer sites and training customer employees on printer maintenance techniques.  • Installation of new docking stations.  • Windows 7 to Windows 10 upgrades.  • Data migration.  • HIPPA & OSHA Certified. NOC Specialist Tennessee Titans - Nashville, TN August 2011 to May 2017 • Uses critical thinking skills to prioritize and problem solve escalations.  • Oracle, Office 365 Admin Portal, Active Directory, Application Development.  • Monitors real-time call traffic to ensure service levels are met.  • Contributes to the development of organization's goals and objectives.  • Interact with outside customers and functional peer groups.  • Provide customer training both in person and remotely.  • Manages a running queue of support escalations in conjunction with other team members, escalates to NOC L3 team as needed.  • Provide emergency 24 x 7 on-call support on a rotating basis  • Acts as the main point of contact for all provider-related support questions and issues.  • Lead Operations sizes of 500 people to 5,500 people.  • Coordinated with local, state and federal agencies.  • Traveled with the Tennessee Titans to home & away games. NOC Specialist Nashville Predators - Nashville, TN August 2011 to May 2017 • Implemented loss child & elderly procedures.  • Provided threat analyst & detecting potential acts of terrorism.  • Provide emergency 24 x 7 on-call support on a rotating basis  • Investigate arising incidents caused by malicious activities & identified false positives.  • Ran an active drill during an actual game without any incidents.  • Great team leader. Information Security/ Network Administrator Lane College - Jackson, TN August 2011 to June 2012 • Monitored & Managed email spam filters, firewalls, anti-virus systems & vulnerability scanners.  • Establishes network specifications by conferring with users; analyzing workflow, access, information, and security requirements; designing router administration, including interface configuration and routing protocols.  • Provide emergency 24 x 7 on-call support on a rotating basis  • Establishes network by evaluating network performance issues including availability, utilization, throughput, goodput, and latency; planning and executing the selection, installation, configuration, and testing of equipment; defining network policies and procedures; establishing connections and firewalls.  • Maintains network performance by performing network monitoring and analysis, and performance tuning; troubleshooting network problems; escalating problems to vendor.  • Secures network by developing network access, monitoring, control, and evaluation; maintaining documentation.  • Ability to communicate effectively with end-users  • Prepares users by designing and conducting training programs; providing references and support.  • Upgrades network by conferring with vendors; developing, testing, evaluating, and installing enhancements.  • Document best practices and update knowledgebase information as applications are updated or replaced  • Attend and at times contribute to training webinars for software and build supporting documentation for training  • Quality assurance on software releases prior to deployment to production  • Respond to requests in a timely fashion within defined SLAs based on priority  • Has worked in Active Directory creating applications for IT Application Development team can use on iPhones and Androids used for the college administration.  • Meets financial requirements by submitting information for budgets; monitoring expenses.  • Updates job knowledge by participating in educational opportunities; reading professional publications; maintaining personal networks; participating in professional organizations.  • Protects organization's value by keeping information confidential.  • Accomplishes organization goals by accepting ownership for accomplishing new and different requests; exploring opportunities to add value to job accomplishments. Education Associate Degree in Computer Science in Computer Systems Network Technology Vatterott College - Memphis, TN 2016 Diploma Fairley High School - Memphis, TN 2010