IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager - Global Solutions and Development Farmingdale, NY Work Experience IT Project Manager Global Solutions and Development - New York, NY August 2017 to Present Project description -  1. Project was to upgrade current US region physical access security system to new version to enhance capabilities. Infra platform was upgraded, and architecture enhancements were a major part of the scope. High critical project compliance with NERC CIP standards and other internal regulations. Budget- $6M  2. Project was to upgrade the platform of Gas Control application used to monitor and manage all Gas related services and operation though out New York region. Upgrade scope included infrastructure architecture upgraded application and App framework upgrade. Budget - $2M  3. Pilot project was run to understand the Smart City capability offerings in the market to be applied in upstate New York region. Use cases for the project are lighting infrastructure around lighting controls and digital infrastructure with severance cameras, noise weather detection and many other IOT devices. Budget- $0.8M  4.. Project was to identify the best solution available in the market to replace the existing application handling PPE lab test operating procedure. Selected application had enhanced functionalities supported business processes and automated many manual processes. App was hosted inhouse (Azure cloud). Budget - $0.6M  Environment: Waterfall SDLC, Agile Scrum and hybrid Methodologies Customer Service and Transmission & Distribution Departments PSEG Long Island - New York, NY January 2016 to July 2017 Role - IT Project Manager/Product Owner    Project description -  1. The project focused on implementing an application 'Municipal Portal' where Municipal Users can log in and report power outages in critical facilities with a click on the map. Users can resister for alerts on specific outages using text or email. Once the user submit the outage, PSEG will dispatch crews to restore power. Budget - $2M  2. Project was focused on multiple miner enhancements in the Customer Account System (mainframe) to modify with including additional functionalities and interfacing to increase operational efficiency and reporting capabilities for the users such as Collection, Billing, and Marketing etc. Budget - 0.4M  3. Project is to set up a communication link between two substations and the main PSEG T&D control room. The communication link brings Dynamic Rating data from the RTUs on the two main Power lines to the control room. After analyzing the rating the transmission lines can be operated at the greatest capacity without damaging the cables.  Environment: Waterfall SDLC, Agile Scrum and hybrid Methodologies. IT Project Manager Richard Peiris Securities January 2013 to August 2014 Portfolio Management Application    Project description - The project focused to design and implements a sophisticated Portfolio Management System. The system will provide the users with a fast, efficient and effective front and back-end application in a fully automated environment in Portfolio management. This system will assist the portfolio manager to effectively analyze and model the portfolio in different asset class demonstrating maximum returns with the risk involved in each and every assets class, asper to requirements of the client.  Environment: Scrum-Waterfall hybrid Methodology, Senior Business Analyst Aramex Lanka PVT (LTD) - Colombo, LK July 2010 to November 2012 Enhancement in Online Application    Project Description: It was an enhancement project. Goal was adding Shipping Cost Estimator which calculates the shipping cost based on the distance, weight of the product in an existing e-commerce website. The other part of the project was to modify the UI to reflect functionality add-on.  Environment: Waterfall Methodology, Agile waterfall methodology. Education Master of Business Administration in Business Administration Northwood University - Midland, MI 2015 Bachelor in Business Administration and Marketing in Business Administration and Marketing American National College - Colombo, LK 2014 Master of Science in Project Management Harrisburg University - Harrisburg, PA Skills Project manager, Project planning, Rup, Rational, Sdlc, Use cases, Ms project, Sharepoint, Tableau, Document management, Saas, Content management, Middleware, Software development, Oracle, Sql, Iaas, Paas, Disaster recovery, Jira