Engineering Services Manager Engineering Services <span class="hl">Manager</span> Dallas-Fort Worth, TX Work Experience Engineering Services Manager Stryker - Flower Mound, TX October 2016 to Present Responsible for leading two teams of Engineers and Technicians located in three different countries who were responsible for both implementing Stryker health information systems products at accounts, and to drive product and process improvement. The team represented the business unit in all R&D development projects to ensure processes and procedures for field activities are validated. The team also implemented and serviced Stryker media management and workflow products at various accounts utilizing knowledge of LAN/WAN architecture, LDAP, TCP/IP, and DNS.    • Implemented metrics for recording and reporting team key performance indicators (quality, customer experience, volume and cost metrics); monitored the metrics to yield a measured improvement.  • Oversaw the installation, configuration, and ongoing usability of network servers, peripheral equipment and software.  • Developed standards for the teams to include daily procedures, deviations, management processes, and reporting to influence quality and customer experience. Utilized tools such as Salesforce to drive those standards and metrics.  • Identified gaps in knowledge and developed training for the teams strengthening and increasing the team's skills.  • Cultivated lean culture on the teams by using A3s both as a problem-solving method and as a team development tool.  • Built organizational capability by re-structuring the teams to provide better customer service.  • The team was heavily involved in the successful release of four products and four software updates which presented more value streams for the business.  • Drove team engagement, training, and development through constant mentorship and guidance. IT Project Manager United States Marine Forces Central Command - Tampa, FL January 2015 to September 2016 Selected to serve in a high-level operations billet responsible for the planning and coordination of communication requirements in support of Marine Forces Central Command exercises and operations in the Middle East. Developed policies and procedures to enhance communication support throughout the Middle East.    • Guided the organization on the planning and execution of various operations and exercises including two cooperative exercises in the Middle East with other countries that supported over 300 users utilizing an IT infrastructure.  • Served as a Communication Analyst in Jordan working with, and training members of the Jordanian Armed Forces in Communication Planning and Operations, bringing about more capable allies in the Middle East.  • Served as a Communication Analyst for a project in Jordan designing and implementing an IT infrastructure to support over 400 users.  • Planned and supervised two robust networks in Muscat, Oman, including data, video teleconference, and radio which supported over 200 personnel during an operation; provided strategic technical guidance and ensured continual reliability. IT Manager Joint Base Lewis - Joint Base Lewis McChord, WA October 2009 to December 2014 Okinawa, Japan  Planned and directed the installation, operation, and maintenance of multiple classified/unclassified video, voice and data networks; providing local area network services and secure wireless connectivity in order to support personnel, training, or US initiatives on an international level.    • Selected to be the Deputy Director of a logistics section, consisting of over 280 personnel; directed the day-to-day operations of the section and monitored activities to ensure 100% readiness.  • Selected to lead the most dynamic section in the organization; provided influential leadership, coaching, and mentorship to 30 telecommunications professionals, facilitated effective training programs to maximize employee potential, prioritized and delegated assignments, and led career development efforts.  • Instrumental in the planning and seamless execution of communicationsupport to an Humanitarian Assistance mission in the Philipines which supported a multi-national force; maintained accountability for assets with a value in excess of $9,900,000+ and mitigated risks.  • Led a team of 34 personnel in career development and administrative readiness initiatives while maintaining 100% accountability for over $15,000,000 in satellite communication terminals and cryptographic items.  • Enforced 100% accountability for 46 pieces of cryptographically controlled items and classified hard drives with a value in excess of $508,409; mitigated and managed risks and controlled all assets. Education Master's in Information Technology Project Management American Military University - Charles Town, WV 2015 Bachelor of Arts in Psychology in Psychology Washington State University - Pullman, WA 2009 Associate of Arts in General Studies Tacoma Community College - Tacoma, WA 2005 Skills training, budget Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) Present CompTIA A+ Present