IT Integrator <span class="hl">IT</span> Integrator IT Integration and Support Oakwood, GA Driven self-starter who merely needs a direction in order to prioritize and execute, efficiently and autonomously. Whatever the task, will make- it-happen, teaching myself and those around me best practices to ensure company success.    Passionate computer enthusiast who loves to solve problems for people and companies. Exhibits a deep understanding of installation, operation, and maintenance of computer and audio/video systems. Experienced in consumer, corporate, and start up environments. Leader, team player, and creative problem solver that can connect with a wide variety of people, in many situations and stages of technical understanding. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Integrator KCO Audio - Buford, GA June 2018 to Present • Research, set up, and deploy new software & hardware for increasing efficiency, awareness, and ease of use throughout the company.  • Perform installation, configuration, and maintenance of end user workstation hardware, software, laptops, printers, networking, mobile devices, and other peripherals.  • Assist in hands-on IT enterprise related systems such as warehouse management systems, product management, project estimating, and operations management software. Digital Lifestyle Concierge Diconci - Atlanta, GA September 2011 to Present • Manage the entire process of integrating new technology for personal or business environments, including recommendations, purchasing, installation, and ongoing support.  • Experienced in custom built high performance PC desktops for gaming and content creation workstations.  • Experienced in the interconnectivity of devices, such as IoT, mobile, desktop, server, cloud and more.  • Manage hardware life cycle from plan, design, build, test, and delivery phases.  • Design and install residential & commercial networking, wiring, computer and A/V systems. Build Your Own Computer Designer Micro Center - Duluth, GA August 2017 to June 2018 • Analyzed customer needs and built custom PC solutions to fit their budget and performance desires.  • Focused on high performance hardware, such as for PC gaming and media content creation.  • Gave personalized one-on-one service for all aspects of a computer system, including networking, mobile devices, peripherals, displays, and upgrades. QA Specialist GL Solutions - Bend, OR June 2016 to September 2016 • Quality tested the custom web system used to manage large databases of information, generate outputs, and communicate with licensees  • Communicated design changes and fixes to ensure customer satisfaction  • Systematically problem solved issues and communicated through Unit Test Plans with the development team to isolate and fix problems Internship Project Leader Silicon Image - Sunnyvale, CA June 2014 to February 2015 • Elected by peers to lead a team of 23 interns to design, execute and present a showcase of the various technologies owned by Silicon Image to CEO and Executive Team. Hosted a company-wide presentation on future use cases and opportunities to generate revenue from Silicon Image IP and assets.  • Taught consumers at the E3 booth about our upcoming technologies and ran demos. Created "Man on the Street" marketing videos at CES of the products with our technology in them to build awareness  • Created market research reports to present to the President on the uptake of our brand internationally and recommended best countries to pursue through marketing. Project Manager ByteLaunch - Irvine, CA October 2013 to June 2014 • Interfaced between clients and our website and mobile application design teams.  • Matched the clients' needs to our services by ideating how to position their company while helping to create designs and functionality utilizing Google Analytics and SEO.  • Responsible for obtaining client images and technical information, while utilizing tools such as Photoshop and WordPress to meet project deadlines. Dell Social Media Contractor Mosaic Sales Solutions - Irvine, CA August 2012 to February 2013 • Dell was faced with lagging brand affinity in the college market. As an active part of the team, I created relevant articles, promotions and community events to gain followers, generate traffic, and promote Dell products. Examples include an Awkward Family Photo event, as well as Technology Trivia games.  • I was known for my ability to learn new things quickly and through weekly conference calls with the college team, we developed a social media program that contributed to 24% increase in online sales and over 178,000 Facebook followers.  • Leadership asked me to analyze raw results from 138 reps nationwide. I created summary reports and developed a new metric for sales efficiency to quickly identify areas of growth and challenge.  • Based on reviewing nationwide analytics, I shared best practices and coaching ideas in our team meetings to move our performance from 6th place to 3rd place in the nation. Computer Sales Assistant Best Buy - Tustin, CA October 2010 to June 2012 • For many customers, purchasing computer systems is an overwhelming task. I became the "go-to guy" for accurate technical knowledge and the ability to explain it simply to experienced and novice customers.  • Sold home computer environments including audio, visual, networking, and peripheral interconnectivity resulting in the lowest returns in the store.  • Apple in-store expert with the highest customer satisfaction rate.  • Experienced in selling PCs with Windows OS on Dell, HP, Sony, and others.  • Logged 27 personal compliments that customers took the time to deliver to my store manager. Mobile Phone Product Advisor AT&T Wireless - Redmond, WA 2009 to 2010 • Regularly invited to attend consumer focus groups to provide input on AT&T mobile devices and services.  • Ideated on product design, consumer messaging and naming.  • Involved in testing group messaging and social networking services. Education Associate of the Arts Santiago Canyon College - Irvine, CA June 2014 Associate of the Arts Santiago Canyon College - Irvine, CA June 2014 BS in Marketing San Jose State University - San Jose, CA Skills CUSTOMER SERVICE (Less than 1 year), RETAIL SALES (3 years), TRADE SHOW (6 years), Tech Support (10+ years), MS Office (10+ years), Routers (10+ years), Managing Teams (7 years), Corporate Environments + Small Businesses (10+ years), Project Management (4 years) Awards Eagle Scout 2009-04 Team Award, 2nd Place 2010-06 Led a team of fellow high school juniors and seniors to form a simulated company managing product design, development, and deployment of a consumer products to a second place finish against 24 other teams from around Washington State. Additional Information KEY SKILLS  Uncommon ability to explain and demonstrate technology to employees, consumers, trade show attendees, and Silicon Valley executives  • Patient and able to walk customers through troubleshooting process  • Strong analytical and troubleshooting skills  • Often complimented for delivering the best customer service to top executives, employees, and consumers  • Install and maintain IT software and hardware  • Resolve workstation, application, and server issues  • Update desktop software and applications  • Microsoft Office Veteran  • Adobe Photoshop   • WordPress CMS