Inside Sales Representative Inside Sales Representative BILINGUAL FRENCH AND ENGLISH Hempstead, NY A proven leader with a track record of managing supply chains for many international markets such as Russia, Poland, France, Ukraine, seeking a position at Divisional Products to utilize:  • Five years of diverse experience in developing and implementing strategies to drive supply chain performance improvements  • Excellent capability to support customer evaluation, selection and development processes  In-depth knowledge of establishing supplier pricing protocols to define pricing agreements  • Solid education background in Economics, excellent Statistical, Computer, and Communication skills. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Inside Sales Representative SGD PHARMA PACKAGING - New York, NY December 2017 to Present •  Managed administrative tasks for a portfolio generating a total of $20 million dollars in sales revenue.  • Mastered customer logistics data in SAP SD (Sales & Distribution).  •  Monitored the safety stock in the US Warehouse (FIFO, ABC analysis)- Effectively build and maintain existing relationships, managing all shipping needs including freight coverage and delivering exceptional customer service.  • Collected, processed, and confirmed purchase orders for major worldwide Pharmaceutical and Biotech companies (Pfizer, Zoetis, GTI…)  • Served as a customer service liaison regarding order status between integral planning and the customer  •  Monitored the sales forecast for assigned accounts: Forecast accuracy 92%  • Provided information to the planner and to S&OP Manager.  • Tracked production to ensure on-time delivery in manufacturing plants located in Europe and Asia.  • Lead Market Share Analysis (Using large dataset from internal system SAP BW and external platform).  • Participated in multiple supply chain's projects and implemented process led to drive improvements. IT Client Support Analyst 3 ( Procurement and Logistics) Auchan Retail International - Lille, FR April 2016 to August 2017 DUTIES: Contributed on Project and solved operational issues for the Warehouses located in Russia, Poland, Romania, and Ukraine by respecting the SLA. Resolve ten tickets day depend on the priority level.  • Implemented projects, UAT, parallel testing, and regression testing   • Developed new logistics procedures for the management of activities.  • Configurated procurement management software, WMS, and repositories.  • Partnered with Tier III help desk peers based in Morocco to resolve complex problems that required escalation.   • Provided detailed descriptions of issues in trouble ticket system and followed up diligently to ensure swift resolutions.  . Testing Coordinator WASTEN - Paris, FR April 2014 to March 2016 ·      Gather information required for testing from Project team and Application team.  ·      Prepare test strategy and master test plan for each project   ·      Planning timeline for testing   ·      Prepare test summary Report   ·      Follow Agile Method   ·      Organizing weekly meeting with the project team and developers.   ·      Conducted the tests and analyzed and results. Project Specialist- Logistics/Shipping GEODIS - Paris, FR June 2015 to January 2016 • Ensure that the project teams understand all aspects of prime contract relating to their respective responsibilities, and demonstrate a thorough understanding of the prime contract checklist and organizational structure.  • Coordinated with Manager in developing project plans and schedules.  • Identified any project deviations and constrains and reported to Manager.  • Monitored project progress and addressed any delays promptly.  • Updated project status reports and conducted regular project meetings.  • Ensured project documentations were prepared in accordance with company standards.  • Reviewed change requests and internal service orders.    • Systems Engineering: Led design and multinational rollout of robust, scalable and secure electronic data interchange (EDI), enterprise resource planning (ERP) and point-of-sale (POS) systems for clients including   • Ensure that the project teams understand all aspects of prime contract relating to their respective responsibilities, and demonstrate a thorough understanding of the prime contract checklist and organizational structure.  • Coordinated with Manager in developing project plans and schedules.  • Identified any project deviations and constrains and reported to Manager.  • Monitored project progress and addressed any delays promptly.  • Updated project status reports and conducted regular project meetings.  • Ensured project documentations were prepared in accordance with company standards.  • Reviewed change requests and internal service orders. Operations Logistics Manager STEF - Paris, FR October 2013 to March 2014 DUTIES: Supervised and organized the operators   • Monitored physical and information flows in the Warehouse (cooler WH for activities: Fruits and vegetables, Meat, fish...)  • Managed the inventory day by day About 20,000 Packages/day.  • Improved logistical operations and Software  • Reported indicator of performance (KPI)  • Implemented lean operational management and increased productivity by 10%. Inventory Manager U Logistics - MONTPELLIER- FRANCE February 2013 to September 2013 - Organized shipment schedules and storage layouts  - Ensure inventory control needs are consistently met by improving and developing inventory management process and procedures.  -Conduct meetings with sales, marketing and operations to understand changes in demand levels and recommend changes to product mix and forecast based on collaborative knowledge of demands.  - Developed, organised and implemented weekly schedules, monthly staff meetings and reviews, action plans, new projects, processes and procedures for staff, resulting in high-performance and better working conditions.  - Reduced preparation order error by 25 %. Market Research Analyst Junior Idea - Clermont Ferrand, FR September 2009 to September 2011 DUTIES: Statistical modelization based on market research  • Prospected real estate market study.  • Studied on competitive economic strategy.  • Analyzed the inter-modality of the various transport networks Education Masters in Supply Chain- Logistics and Transportation Montpellier University - Montpellier 2012 to 2013 Masters in Analysis and economic Policy Auvergne University - Clermont-Ferrand 2011 to 2012 Bachelor in Analysis and economic Policy Auvergne University - Clermont-Ferrand 2005 to 2009 Skills WMS (5 years), AS400 (4 years), DATABASES (5 years), SAP BO (3 years), ERP (5 years), Excel (10+ years), Oracle (3 years), Powerpoint (10+ years), SQL (5 years), Customer Service (5 years), SAP SD (5 years), Python (Less than 1 year), Business Objects (5 years), Cold Calling Additional Information COMPUTER SKILLS  - Computing: SAS, R, Python, VBA, HTML, XML, AS400.  - Software: Sap BO 4.1, Microstrategy, Microsoft PowerBi, QlikView, WMS Infolog, Logifresh WMS, SAP SD, Excel ( Pivot tables, VLOOK UP, Functions) Word, OpenSource ( Odoo, Asana),  - Databases: PL/SQL, DB2, SQL, MYSQL,    COMMUNICATION SKILLS  English: Proficiency  French: Fluent (Mother's tongue).