OPEX Deployment Project Manager OPEX Deployment <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> OPEX Deployment Project Manager - ABB Rochester Hills, MI Recognized leader with the ability to define and track the scope, budget and resources of a project, develop use case models, and diagrams, as well as gather and define requirements in support of project implementation. Exceptional in clarifying business requirements, performing analysis between goals and existing procedures, and designing process improvements to increase productivity and reduce costs. Promoted to positions of increasing authority and responsibility because of strong initiative, attention to detail and quality, leadership skills, eagerness and drive, and overall performance.    * Utilized extensive analytical skills to create highly specialized cost estimation reports for project teams to obtain infrastructure funding.  * Skillfully facilitated requirement-gathering meetings with business customers, project teams, architects, engineers and other stakeholders to effectively determine project requirements, timeline and infrastructure costs.  * Utilized strong technical background to translate business requirements into hardware and IT services solutions.  * Liaison between various departments, customers and end-users and the IT Application Sustain group while at Ally Financial and between the IT Program Management group at Ford Motor Company. Work Experience OPEX Deployment Project Manager ABB - Auburn Hills, MI January 2018 to Present Responsible for the deployment of a global PDM initiative to standardize Global Project Management within US Robotics and Applications  ? Project Manager for large robotics sales event aimed at building global relationship with new customers  ? Directly responsible for quality improvements and initiative aimed at increasing competitiveness in the US market  ? Performs ad hoc analytics and support to Sales Vice President to better understand and penetrate the market  ? Salesforce administrator and direct contributor to Salesforce transformation project Business Analyst/ IT Project Manager Kalitta Air - Ypsilanti, MI September 2016 to December 2017 Manages $2 million+ project with team of 20, by organizing and coordinating all activities related to scope, budget, and communications, as well as the data migration and process redefinition  ? Liaison between the Business and IT, to gather requirements and help solve business opportunities  ? Leads efforts to implement AMOS and retire current system, to modernize maintenance operations and improve efficiency of all airline maintenance and MRO functions  ? Responsible for critical scoping and organizing data and data cleanup activities and gathering requirements for the data migration piece, to ensure system configurations and processes are accurate, effective, efficient and complete  ? Enables and support users by swiftly providing necessary tools and solutions to problems and roadblocks  ? Coordinates all communication activities among project team, internal departments, management, and stakeholders IT Cost Estimator Ford Motor Company - Allen Park, MI June 2014 to March 2015 Expertly served as the liaison between IT Infrastructure, project teams, engineers, architects and business end-users  ? As liaison, skillfully facilitated requirement-gathering meetings with all stakeholders  ? Produced specialized reporting for IT Infrastructure funding requests  ? Updated and owned the Desk Procedures and Training documents for ITO Cost Estimation IT Analyst Ally Financial - Detroit, MI June 2012 to January 2014 Transformed raw data into meaningful information and quality report deliverables to upper management  ? Designed, documented, validated, and gained approval for test plans and test deliverables  ? Served as subject matter expert for the business intelligence group as a part of continuous improvement ITIL lifecycle  ? Efficiently coordinated projects and tasks between the project management, change management and access management groups, and functional groups  ? Contributed to the technical assessment, scope definition, project planning, analysis, design and implementation, and testing of large projects  ? Performed UAT Testing  ? Skilled at writing Use Cases and creating Data Flow diagrams using Microsoft Visio Education Bachelor of Science in Management Information Systems Oakland University - Rochester, MI 2012 Skills business requirements (Less than 1 year), Microsoft Visio (1 year), PDM (1 year), Project Management (2 years), Visio (1 year) Additional Information CORE COMPETENCIES  * Project Management  * Information Technology    * Requirements Gathering  * Data Analytics and Reporting    * Use Case Modeling    * Infrastructure Design Specifications * Quality Assurance * PLM / PDM functionality  * Performance Development * Database Design/Implementation  * Systems Analysis * Process Design Methodologies * Documentation Creation  * Agile, Scrum Methodologies * Technical Integration * Project and Scope Definition    TECHNICAL SKILLS  * MySQL/SQL Queries * TOAD * 3D Experience  * HTML * Microsoft Access * Microsoft Visio  * Advanced Microsoft Excel * ServiceNow * Microsoft SharePoint  * Microsoft Office Suite * Cognos Reporting/Query studio * NetBeans/Eclipse  * Data Flow Diagrams * Microsoft Project