IT Project Manager II <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> II IT Project Manager II Chicago, IL Experienced Information Technology Project Manager with a demonstrated history of working in the non-profit organization management industry. Skilled in project management and business/systems analysis. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager II Alzheimer's Association - Chicago, IL November 2016 to Present Manager of a diverse portfolio of IT projects centered around process improvement and enterprise application selection, development, & implementation.    • Decreased inconsistency in product delivery (averaging 2+ months) to a sustainable cadence of 3 week sprints by leading the agile transformation of the Business Intelligence Data Warehouse project from a previously waterfall framework.  • Decreased digital incident identification and response time by 40% through the development of an enterprise-wide incident response plan; which established a cross-functional response management team as well as set course of action and chain of custody.  • Decreased schedule overrun by 10%-20% and improved product quality year-over-year through optimization of schedule and resource planning for the budget development projects for fiscal years 2018, 2019, and 2020.  • Decreased departmental expenditures on application hosting and maintenance by $25,000/year while increasing cross-team collaboration through the selection and implementation of a unified IT project/product management solution centered on Jira intended to replace disparate management, development, and change control systems.  • Increased SLA compliance of level 1 & level 2 helpdesk teams by 10% through efforts to centralize, standardize, and streamline identification, intake and automated routing of work orders through the development and implementation of enhancements to our helpdesk/ticketing system.  • Decreased the Contact Center’s average call time related to program inquiries by 30% through the re-development and implementation of version 4 of our homegrown Resource Database and Community Resource Finder applications Business Systems Analyst Alzheimer's Association - Chicago, IL January 2015 to November 2016 A diverse role that included the development of requirements documentation in conjunction with business owners, end-users, developers, and project management; as well as systems analysis related to CRM systems and other integrated applications.    • Involved in the enterprise-level  implementation of Personify360 CRM spanning 267 field offices, affecting 1,500 users.  • Worked closely with various internal and external stakeholder groups in the development of baseline requirements documentation, use cases, and user stories related to enhancements to base CRM and ancillary application functionality.  • Coordinated various testing and QA initiatives including: regression testing, user acceptance testing, assessment of data integrity/hygiene following migrations and uploads of bulk data.  • Achieved an improvement in CRM availability/uptime to 98% (compared with 92% in prior FY) by leveraging existing functionality to automate the identification and routing of applicable work orders via our help desk system. Account Administrator & Education Administrator Association Management Center - Chicago, IL December 2013 to January 2015 Facilitated administrative & educational operations for the Association of Pediatric Hematology/Oncology Nurses (APHON) and the Professional Records and Information Services Management (PRISM).    • Decreased the cost of the company’s conference shipping processes by 40% while decreasing logistical lead-time by 20% through a combination of product standardization and workflow optimization.  • Developed educational products spanning 5 international conferences, 8 webinars, and 2 certification programs through the coordination of cross-functional teams, external stakeholder groups, and association membership.  • Increased member digital engagement by 50% and overall site traffic by 15% through the selection and implementation of community management systems for client websites. Worked with technical stakeholders to ensure compatibility with legacy systems. Member Services Association Management Center - Chicago, IL July 2012 to December 2013 Education Master's in Master of Business Administration (MBA) Lake Forest Graduate School of Management - Lake Forest, IL 2014 to 2016 Bachelor's in Bachelor of Arts Purdue University - West Lafayette, IN 2006 to 2011 Skills CSM, PMP, PM, Waterfall, Scrum Master, Project Management, Information Technology, Microsoft Office 365, SmartSheet, JIRA, Salesforce, Personify360, Asana, Wrike, Azure DevOps, TrackIt, Google Docs, Google Sheets, Google Drive, Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Project, Tableau, PowerBI, SAP Business Objects, BI360, SQL, Matlab, Python, C++, HTML, Google Suite, Business Analysis, Project Management, Agile, Kanban, Business Systems Analysis, Management, Scrum, Program Management, Portfolio Management, Outlook, Auto CAD, Scheduling, PMBOK, Project Management Book of Knowledge (PMBOK), IT Project Management, IS Project Management, Estimating, budget, Word Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) March 2018 to March 2021 Certified ScrumMaster (CSM) June 2016 to July 2020