Project Management <span class="hl">Project</span> Management Project Management Peoria, AZ Work Experience Project Management TUV Rheinland OpenSky Professional Services July 2018 to June 2019 TUV Rheinland OpenSky is a global professional services firm with a focus on IT Infrastructure, risk management and security, virtualization and technical business consulting.    Cushman and Wake OpenSky July 2018 - June 2019  Project Management/Infrastructure: Data center migration planning service to move the client applications thru a three-phase project cycle that will eventually result in the migration of all services to other US datacenters or cloud options for the client. The results of this multi-phased project will provide the client with a standardized datacenter configuration with a reduced operating cost. Security Program Management /Application Program Manager Blue Cross Blue Shield, AZ OpenSky October 2017 to July 2018 for the standardizing processes for Nessus, Websense, ZIX and Iron Ports programs for a large Healthcare Organization. Development of a comprehensive Security project plan includes servers and clients, virtual and physical. Security Program Management /Application Program Manager Aetna OpenSky March 2017 to October 2017 for the NextGen Endpoint Protection Program  • Development of a comprehensive Security project plan includes servers and clients, virtual and physical for BitLocker, Bitlocker to Go and Crowdstrike.  • Development of security testing plans for all platforms in scope; coordinating use cases for functional and technical testing  • Project cost savings of $921,000.00 for the client TUV Rheinland OpenSky Professional Services October 2016 to March 2017 • Co-developed and implemented a new function for the OpenSky called Open Air project/financial tracking.  • Managed 8 OpenSky engagements for the health and welfare of the assigned consultants as well as the project health and financial status. Project Management/Infrastructure Data Center NYUMC OpenSky February 2016 to October 2016 Application Program Manager for the Enterprise Network Operations Center - eNOC  • eNOC is a state-of-the-art facility employing the latest in alarming and monitoring technologies. Staffed 24/7/365 by highly trained and experienced technicians, Offering Full Network support, proactive monitoring, outage troubleshooting, dispatch services, escalation support, and performance assessments. Project Management/Infrastructure Data Center Blue Shield of Ca OpenSky June 2015 to January 2016 Application Program Manager  Oversight and ownership for successful delivery of all project, portfolio management and budget for ISM.  • Manage interdependencies across projects within program.  • Environment: 400 HP servers; 2+ PB EMC SAN; VMware; Windows, Linux, Solaris, Cisco and Security Project Management Office Program Manager Maricopa County OpenSky December 2014 to June 2015 Oversight and ownership for successful delivery of all project, portfolio management and budget for ISM.  • Responsible for managing portfolio (yearly planning, budget, cross IO portfolio for interdependency, interface with PP planning and other verticals)  • Manage interdependencies across projects within program. Project Management Office Program Manager PayPal OpenSky April 2014 to December 2014 Oversight and ownership for successful delivery of all ISM projects, portfolio management and budget for ISM.  • Responsible for managing PMO portfolio (yearly planning, budget)  • Managed PMO Technical Documentation teams (Accreditation overviews, architectural  overviews, SOPs. Principal Consultant Blue Shield of California OpenSky September 2013 to April 2014 Migrated 2 data centers from company own facilities to colocations geographically in two different states. The data centers were Greenfield DC's and to be populated with state-of-the-art hardware that are composed of 326 physical servers and 875 virtual servers with a total 1201 servers to be migrated. This sustained over 15,000 resource members over time. Built DR systems to ensure adequate failover capabilities. Senior IT (Data Center / Network) Project Manager The Pasha Group OpenSky July 2013 to September 2013 Managed 21 Corporate and 88 Applications to state of the art hardware that are composed of 88 physical servers and 120 virtual servers with a total of 208 servers to be migrated. This sustained over 8,000 resource members over time. Build DR systems to ensure adequate failover capabilities.  • During the Data Information phase of the project, will develop a clear understanding of the project information/data of the Lab Design Initiative and the supporting infrastructure components. This is accomplished by the collection of information data across the Lab environments and stakeholders. Senior Program Manager APOLLO OpenSky February 2011 to September 2011 Migrated Corporate Applications eBusiness Suite to state-of-the-art hardware, which can sustain over 100,000 students and faculty members over time. Built DR systems to ensure adequate failover capabilities, using Oracle Exadata as the chosen platform.    Career Overview includes:  Principal Consultant, TUV Rheinland OpenSky- 7 years  Senior Project Manager, IBM- 9 years  Project Manager, Bank of America- 5 years  Systems Engineer, NCI, Inc - 1 year  United State Army, Retired Warrant Officer 3 (Bronze Star with V)- 23 years  Technology    Secure Cloud Adoption  Strategy and Architecture, Application Rationalization, Secure Implementation, Operations, Optimization, Business Continuity & Disaster Recovery    Data Center Consolidation and Application Migration Specialist  Secure Infrastructure Architect, Application Migration, Storage/Data Migration, Workload Migration, Infrastructure Migration, Migrations and Acquisitions, Messaging and Active Directory Education BA in Business Administration University of Maryland - Baltimore, MD Skills Enterprise application, Change management, Vendor management Links http://linkedin.com/in/etanner Military Service Branch: United States Army Rank: CW03