Desktop Support Specialist Desktop Support Specialist Desktop Support Specialist - Altisource St. Louis, MO ? Level 1, 2, and 3 Help Desk, Desktop Support and Networking Technician with experience providing white glove support for desktop and server hardware, application installation and troubleshooting, and ticket tracking software.  ? Experienced with Windows Server 2003/2008/2012, implementing changes to Active Directory, including user account creation and group policy management.  ? Highly skilled and adaptable to most any situation, with attention to minute detail and the ability to interact and communicate with all levels of users. Work Experience Desktop Support Specialist Altisource January 2018 to Present Provided System configuration and support for Windows 10  ? Resolved customer requests under SLA times  ? Performed network troubleshooting for local and wide area networks  ? Installed and tested functionality of software and hardware on end user systems  ? Created documentation for technician and end user use on application usage  ? Provide mobile device support for Android and iOS  ? Provided project support for multiple relocation strategies IT Service Desk Technician Corizon Health January 2017 to December 2017 Provided System configuration and support for Windows 7 and Windows 10  ? Performed network troubleshooting for local and wide area networks  ? Installed and tested functionality of software and hardware on end user systems  ? Created documentation for technician and end user use on application usage  ? Acted as mentor to new service desk technicians  ? Researched and implemented tracking system for inbound and outbound equipment  ? Provide mobile device support for Android and iOS  ? Monitor system and network performance for over 1000 users  ? Provided white glove customer service Desktop Service Technician Suddenlink September 2015 to October 2016 Provided System configuration and support for Windows 7  ? Created user accounts, distribution lists, and email accounts  ? Performed LAN troubleshooting  ? Created documentation for technician and end user use on application usage  ? Provide mobile device support for Android and iOS  ? Monitor system and network performance for over 1500 seats  ? Provided exceptional customer support Project Manager Cook Technologies LLC March 2014 to September 2015 Provided System configuration and support for Windows XP, Windows 7, Windows 8  ? Interfaced with vendor support for higher level support issues  ? Integrated and supported hardware from dozens of vendors  ? Negotiated pricing, availability, and delivery terms for project specific products with different suppliers.  ? Presented designs during kick-off meetings, performed on-site inspections and monitored project progress, and conducted post-mortem analysis to ensure installations were executed according to design.  ? Performed post-sales support of customer systems, including troubleshooting over the phone, in person and using remote access tools.  ? Performed site surveys and to determine project options and requirements.  ? Created documentation for end users on application usage  ? Performed LAN troubleshooting  ? Provide mobile device support for Android and iOS Operations & Systems Analyst Washington University School Of Medicine - Department of Neurology March 2011 to March 2014 Provided System configuration and support for Windows XP, Windows 7, and Windows 8  ? Performed troubleshooting and user training for Citrix VM software  ? Prepared images for workstation deployments  ? Created documentation for technicians and end users on application use  ? Performed LAN troubleshooting  ? Provided inventory management  ? Created user accounts, distribution lists, and email accounts  ? Interfaced with vendor support for higher level support issues  ? Provide mobile device support for Android and iOS  ? Provide exceptional customer support  ? Performed troubleshooting and user training on Citrix VM software  ? Created user accounts, distribution lists, and email accounts  ? Interfaced with vendor support for higher level support issues  ? Provide mobile device support for Android and iOS  ? Provide exceptional customer support Education A.S. in Computer Systems and Networking Technologies Vatterott Technical College - St. Louis, MO Skills Service Desk, Desktop Support, Help Desk, Active Directory, Tech Support