IT/Qlik Technical Consultant <span class="hl">IT</span>/Qlik Technical Consultant (US citizen) Hartford, CT Ojilves De Jesus De Nunez Estevez (US citizen)  Hartford, CT • M: 3479773452 • E: ojilvesdenunez@gmail.com • www.linkedin.com/in/ojilvesdenunez    Summary:  • Over 5 years of IT Experience as a Business Intelligence Developer involved in analysis, developing, designing, production support and knowledge transfer with good analytical skills. Expert and certified using Qlikview and Qlik Sense as BI tool.  • Certified Qlikview Designer/Developer, Qlikview Administrator and Qlik Sense Data Architect.  • Extensive experience in developing different analytical applications using QlikView 11.0/12.0 suite of Products (Qlikview Desktop, Publisher and Qlikview Server), Qlik Sense 1.0/2.0/3.0-Monthyear versions suite (Qlik Sense Desktop and Qlik Sense Server), and other related Qlik family products such as Nprinting 15.0/16.0/17.0.  • Gathered functional and technical requirements as well as generated corresponding documentation with KPI and databases/tables for new projects.  •Created, developed and optimized model and dashboard using best practices like use Star Schema/Snowflake, autonumber instead of long string key, binary/digits set analysis. etc.  •Experienced with DAR methodology (Dashboard, Analysis, and Report) as methodology for graphical design and storytelling.  •Extensive support experience for a Qlik master reseller, resolving Qlikview Management Console like not running services and tasks, missing licenses and upgrading Qlikview versions.  • Strong knowledge in developing highly informative dashboards using QlikView/Qlik Sense objects like ListBoxes, MultiBoxes, Tables, Charts, Buttons, etc. and variables, fields, calculated expressions, and aggregation functions. Knowledge about advances and missing functionalities between both Qlik products.  • Experienced in creating customized reports, filters and charts in Qlikview.  • Good working knowledge in Data Modelling including Star Schema/Snowflake schema, concatenate FACT tables & Dimensions tables, and data model optimization.  • Experienced in importing and mixing data to Qlik from databases (Oracle, SAP, MySQL, SQL Server, Teradata, Postgres), QVD files, text files and web url to generate different dashboard style reporting user interfaces.  • Excellent knowledge about Qlik developing process, using 4 phases process for Qlikview (Extraction, Transformation, Model, and Application) and 3 phases process for Qlik Sense (Extraction, Transformation, and Application).  •Resolved complicated Qlik topics and data issues combining script, set analysis and triggers comprehesion.  • Expertise in reading and making SQL queries as well as redesigning complex SQL queries to Qlik ETL.   • Experienced in designing and merging data models from multiple data sources for different departments: Sales, Finances, Inventories/Logistics, Production Planning into an Qlik app or several Qlikview apps.  • Worked on migration process Data Extraction, Transforming and Loading (ETL) using various tools such as SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) and SAS into Qlikview & Qlik Sense.  •Plenty Data Analysis and Data Quality experience studying the sources and calculation of numbers displayed on platforms, and comparing reports from different sources.  • Experienced in optimizing existing QlikView/Qlik Sense reports with a focus on usability, performance, flexibility, testability, and standardization.  • Involved in QlikView Administration, Installation and upgrading the Qlikview Server and Publisher, and Qlik Sense Server.  • Experienced in configuring Qlikview/Qlik Sense Management Console, Access Point/hub, and security layer using active directory and local directories.  • Configured reload tasks and app distribution on Qlik Management Console and Nprinting Console.  •Expertise creating and modifying Nprinting templates, adding new objects from Qlik Sense and Qlikview.  • Good skills to troubleshooting issues on Qlik different layers (Dashboard, Data Model and Console) configured and created by third-parties.  • Involved in quick development process (3-5 days) for Qlik pre-sales products.  • Experienced teaching about best practices and basics topics for new Qlik developers.  • Excellent analytical, co-ordination, interpersonal, leadership, organizational and problem-solving skills, ability to adapt, learn new technologies and get proficient in them very quickly.    Education  ? B Eng. Business & Technology - Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher; Mexico State, MX Grad. Date: May 2013    Technical Skills:  BI Tools: QlikView 11.0/12.0, Qlik Sense 1.0/2.0/3.0, Nprinting 15.0/16./17.0, Tableau   Databases: Oracle, EBS, SQL Server, MySQL, SAP (R3, Business One, Business Object), Teradata  Languages: SQL, SAS  ETL Tools: Microsoft SQL Server Integrated Services, Pentaho.  Operating Systems Windows XP/Vista/7/8, Windows Server 2008/2012/2016.    Work Experience  IT/Qlik Technical Consultant  LTI Infotech - Hartford, Connecticut  Jul 2018 - Present  Assignment with Travelers (Insurance company)'s Risk Management Information System (RMIS) office. Department responsible to minimize losses in big premiums.    •Qlikview optimization. Redesigned an existing Qlikview data models, removing an unnecessary link table and eliminating unused fields and rows.  •Developed a statistics process which allow to track possible changes in count of fields and rows inside tables.  •Linked data from different sources (Workers and Auto claims) on a single existing app, every set of data had their own source (tables).  •Created a Loss Limit process for current losses showing original, loss limit and excess amounts. Includes new fields creation, aggregation functions, and if logics.  •Support in advance topics and troubleshooting problems on Qlikview.  •Developed a POC and logic creating an automatic ID by a combination of two fields depending in which position they were found. This process allow to identify unique subsidiary and location.  •Set Nprinting on demand for first run and designed an app which fit with Nprinting adequality.     Qlikview Developer/Engineer  Crossover (SmartLeads Customer Portal) - Texas, US (working remotely)  Dec. 2017 – June 2018  Crossover connects talent from around the globe with companies that are looking to hire only the best. They have more than 2500 partners from 131 different countries working full time (40 hrs/wk) for our clients.     •Replicated tickets in Jira (portal) and study reason why they are existing.  •Resolved tickets using QA policies and rules, and send solution using GitHub.  •Modified Qlikview Data model, and Dashboard depending on tickets requirements.  •Modified Nprinting templates and projects (nsq) depending on tickets requirements.  •Explained possible solution to QAs when major changes are required on Qlikview.  •Studied solutions which could have minimal impact on current data model and Dashboard performance.  •Discussed with QAs about native QlikView functionalities/issues, and point if a JavaScript developer needs to resolve the ticket(s).  •Resolved conflicts generated by GitHub merging branches, leaving evidence/explanation about code resolving issues at GitHub.  •Followed workflow processes for tickets until their release at Jira.    Qlik Senior/Standard Consultant  Qlikmex/AGS Nasoft – AN Analytics - Mexico City, Mx  Sep. 2013 – Dec. 2017  Qlikmex was first Qlik master reseller in Mexico and it had a lot of big clients in Mexico City, given them Qlik licenses, support and Qlik consulting services until it was sold to a biggest technology consulting company, AGS Nasoft/AN.     •Gathered technical and functional requirements as well as generated corresponding documentation with KPI to develop databases and tables for new projects.  •Created apps in record time (3-5 days) for Presales processes.  •Created and designed using best practices (e.g. snowflake schema, minimum fields on the fact table, eliminate unused fields) several apps on Qlikview and Qlik Sense for Retailer, Oil, Pharmaceutic, and Telemarketing companies used for Sales, Logistics, Manufacturing, Finances, and HR departments.  •Imparted basics administration, design and develop courses on Qlikview, Qlik Sense and Nprinting for technical users and end users.   •Validated numbers showing on apps and graphic design through apps with end users.  •Supported customers in troubleshooting issues related to Qlikview Management Console and resolved problems of designing and developing Qlikview apps.  •Integrated and handled several data sources such as Excel File, CSV, SQL Server, MySQL, PostgreSQL, and Oracle on Qlikview and Qlik Sense Apps.  •Configured Production, Quality Assurance, and Test environments on Qlikview/Qlik Sense Management.  •Managed and controlled migration of Qlikview local environment to Amazon Virtual Private Cloud.  •Ensured quality communication with customer and developer team for some projects on Qlikview .    Certifications:   ? Certified in Qlik Sense Data Architect QSDA0400v3 Oct. 2017  ? Certified in Qlikview Administrator 11 Nov. 2016  ? Certified in Qlikview Designer 11 and Qlikview Developer 11 Mar. 2015  ? Certified Associate in Project Management (CAPM) May 2013  ? Certified System Modelling with IBM Rational Rose Aug. 2010 Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT/Qlik Technical Consultant LTI Infotech - Hartford, CT June 2018 to Present Work Experience  IT/Qlik Technical Consultant  LTI Infotech - Hartford, Connecticut  Jul 2018 - Present  Assignment with Travelers (Insurance company)'s Risk Management Information System (RMIS) office. Department responsible to minimize losses in big premiums.    •Qlikview optimization. Redesigned an existing Qlikview data models, removing an unnecessary link table and eliminating unused fields and rows.  •Developed a statistics process which allow to track possible changes in count of fields and rows inside tables.  •Linked data from different sources (Workers and Auto claims) on a single existing app, every set of data had their own source (tables).  •Created a Loss Limit process for current losses showing original, loss limit and excess amounts. Includes: new fields created through Data Model, aggregation functions, and “if” logics.  •Support in advance topics and troubleshooting problems on Qlikview.  •Developed a POC and logic creating an automatic ID by a combination of two fields depending in which position they were found. This process allow to identify unique subsidiary and location.  •Leveraged Nprinting on capabilities to the RMIS department, and designed an app which fit with Nprinting adequality.     LYFT-RMIS Billing Project  RMIS-LYFT Project require a special Qlikview app which allow to count fee spittle through different billing buckets. Several millions in fee are charge using RMIS LYFT Billing app.  • Co-designed bucketing logic after receiving requirements from BA.  • Designed technical solution using Qlikview Development Cycle.  • Created two apps for auditing and billing purposes. A Qlikview app only contains the billing buckets and valid billable rows, another Qlikview app for analytics with all valid/invalid rows and balancing routines against BDs.  •Made special charts and buttons which allow to view unbalanced Claim and the reasons behind.  •Supported at the creation of special ad hoc reports that were required in matter of hours.   *Handled validation of numbers, quality assurance and validation sessions with end users. QlikView Developer Crossover - Remotely December 2017 to May 2018 *Replicate tickets in Jira (portal) and study reason why are occurring.  *Resolve tickets using QA policies and rules, and send solution using Github.  *Modify Qlikview Data model and Dashboard depending on requirements. Qlik Senior/Standard Consultant AN September 2013 to December 2017 • Gathered technical and functional requirements and generated the corresponding documentation with KPI to develop, databases and tables for beginning new projects. Most of those projects were develop by myself.  • Created and designed using best practices several apps on Qlikview and Qlik Sense for Retailer, Oil, Pharmaceutic, and Telemarketing companies used for Sales, Logistics, Manufacturing, Finances, and HR departments.  • Imparted basics administration, designing and developing courses on Qlikview, Qlik Sense and Nprinting for technical users and end users.  • Validated numbers showing on apps and graphic design through apps.  • Supported to customers in troubleshooting cases related with Qlikview Management Console and resolved  problems of designing and developing Qlikview apps.  • Integrated and handled several data sources such as Excel File, CSV, SQL Server, MySQL, PostgreSQL, and Oracle.  • Configured Qlikview and Qlik Sense environment on Qlikview Management Console using best practices.  • Managed and controlled the migration of an big old Qlikview local environment to Amazon Virtual Private Cloud Project leader - AGS Nasoft - An Analytics AGS Nasoft November 2016 to November 2016 Managed outsourcing resources and Ensured quality communication with outsourcing teams (3 Companies more) Developer leader Qlikmex August 2015 to November 2015 Ensured quality communication with customer and developer team (1 person more) Project Manager Intern Walmart ISD Latam - Ciudad de México, CDMX January 2013 to August 2013 • Made business cases and project chapters for beginning new information system projects.  • Studied functional and technical feasibility for future information system projects.    ACADEMIC PROJECTS: Certified Associate in Project Management CAPM - Ciudad de México, CDMX May 2013 to May 2013 • Certified in Business Process Modeling on Websphere Dec. 2011  • Certified System Modeling with IBM Rational Rose Aug. 2010    QLIK EXPERIENCE:  Qlikmex/AGS Nasoft - AN Analytics Mexico City, MX (ORG) - Database Developer Database for House Children January 2011 to May 2011 • Gathered functional requirements and business understanding.  • Designed entity-relationship model for database and documented all tables and keys.    LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE: Education Bachelor of Engineering in Business & Information Technology Mexico State - Monterrey, N. L. May 2013 Skills Qlikview Administrator (5 years), Qlikview Developer (5 years), Qlikview Designer (5 years), Project, Qlik Sense Administrator (4 years), Qlik Sense Developer (4 years), Qlik Sense Designer (4 years), SQL (4 years), HTML, Sql Server Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/ojilvesdenunez Certifications/Licenses Qlikview 11 Administrator Present Qlikview 11 Developer Present Qlikview 11 Designer Qlik Sense Data Architect October 2017 to Present Driver's License Additional Information SKILLS:  • Tools: Qlikview, Qlik Sense, Nprinting, Pentaho Kettle, Microsoft SQL Studio Management, Microsoft Project  • Programming languages: SQL (Advance), HTML/CSS (basic)