Technical Support Technical Support Technical Support - THIRD WAY CENTER IT business professional with 9 years customer service and IT work experience including supervisory, management, and team leadership roles. Experience working in telecommunications, freelance and social service industry. Work Experience Technical Support THIRD WAY CENTER March 2019 to Present • Assisted with PC Administration in all levels of hardware and software support as needed, by answering email and in person user assistance, including but not limited to PCs and new hire setups, google Chromebook setups, Windows 2012 server setup and maintenance.  • Diagnosed and resolved hardware, software, and other system problems, network planning, installation and inventory management  • Assisted in the maintenance of computer hardware and software systems on the network including the maintenance and monitoring of active directory users and computers. IT Contractor FIELD NATION August 2018 to March 2019 • De-installed and installed new machines at the Wells Fargo branch, we installed the pin pads, ran the configurations and mapped over the printers. Cables and registers were also changed and ensured the systems ran smoothly.  • Setup and installed accounts and workstations, monitor performance and maintain systems according to requirements  • Upgraded systems, develop expertise to train staff on new technologies Technical support /Interim Area Manager AIRTEL TELECOMMUNICATIONS April 2012 to December 2016 • Customer support and device configuration lead in android, Microsoft and Apple devices, trouble shooting and providing support via email, over the phone and face to face with experience using Remedy ticketing systems  • Proficient in Ticketing systems like Remedy BCM  • Commended for technical, analytical and problem-solving skills; effective task prioritization; and customer service orientation.  • Trained branch staff on basic mobile device and desktop troubleshooting, providing support for end users on the various system applications.  • Defined and implemented the strategy for efficient sales operation, created business plans and target projections at all managed retail stores, with detailed reporting. Project Support Officer AIRTEL TELECOMMUNICATIONS June 2012 to October 2012 • Worked closely with the project manager to manage products development from conception to launch. Airtel telecommunications products including Arsenal football project, Opera mini free download project, zero Facebook projects, etc  • Responsible for facilitating team planning sessions to agree on plans, milestones, and deliverables on the project.  • Responsible for liaising with clients to assess partnerships and licensing opportunities, pricing, and drawing up the business case for each project worked on.  • Maintained a repository of historical data for all assets of the project.  • Tracking, monitoring and reporting progress against plans to enable progress checks and escalate as appropriate Customer care representative (Call Center) ZAIN TELECOMMUNICATIONS NIGERIA February 2008 to October 2011 • Providing customers with outstanding service, proffering real-time solutions to their problems using CIMMS ticketing system and TABS billing software  • Assisted and motivated team to become more united and thus highly productive.  • Training and mentoring newer colleagues.  • Collating detailed notes of customers, giving solutions, logging queries, and forwarding unresolved issues to the appropriate Subject Matter Experts. Education MBA Columbia College 2019 BSc in Computer Science Babcock University 2004 Skills ACTIVE DIRECTORY, ANDROID, PRINTERS, CUSTOMER SERVICE, CABLING Additional Information SKILLS  Microsoft Office, Cabling, Desktop Support, Active Directory, Android, Printers, Hardware, Customer Service, Area management, Network infrastructure, Managing and maintaining servers.