IT Project Manager (Consultant) <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> (Consultant) Pleasanton, CA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager (Consultant) Arc-Dec (VTA) - San Jose, CA November 2018 to Present Oversee Desktop Support and Infrastructure operations, manage endpoints, ensure white glove service is provided to executives and upper management. Lead patching of servers and workstations, manage software licensing, serve as an Office 365 admin and manage VPN access. Serve as a lead for mobile device management, AV support, and create technical documentation for the Enterprise. Manage print servers, file shares, image creation and Active Directory. Create training material for end users for new technologies and trending issues within the organization. Mange ticket queues, allocate resources for projects and daily support needs. Ensure SLA's are met, meet with management to ensure milestones are being achieved as well as set future direction for IT. Ensure departmental needs are met while adhering to timelines and budgets. Desktop Support Lead (Consultant) CSI Consulting (VTA) August 2018 to Present Provide Executive support, Audio visual support and day to day operations for an end user base of 500 end users. Administer and provision accounts in Office 365, handle configuration and maintenance of MFD’s and printers. Meet with directors to provide updates, suggest new technologies and ensure service standards are being met. Create documentation, handle ticket escalations and  serve as in a subject matter expert role. Troubleshoot network issues relating  to switches, access points, device connectivity and speed. Infrastructure Services Analyst Alameda County ITD - Oakland, CA January 2017 to May 2018 Oversee the End User services staff consisting of 14 staff members which provided support for over 3,000 end users. Manage ticket queues, handle  escalations for all staff and assign resources to ongoing and future projects.  Serve as project manager/technical lead for Enterprise projects. Led a Technology refresh project consisting of upgrading 3,000 systems, migrating  4,000 plus users to Office 365, Skype for Business and other technologies  within a 7 month time span. Meet with executive stakeholder's present new  technologies that could improve their day to day operations, provide status  updates for ongoing projects and update them on day to day services. Create and review documentation for all staff to use when resolving end user technical  issues, mentor and assist lower level staff by means of increasing technical  knowledge and meeting for Bi-Weekly one on ones. Serve as a subject matter  expert in new technologies, internal and external applications and run  meetings in place of manager when necessary to update the team and check in with staff. Troubleshoot networking issues and configure network devices.  Participate in tech events show casing new technologies being rolled out by our  staff to executive management, other counties and the Board of Supervisors. System Support Analyst III Impax Laboratories - Hayward, CA May 2015 to December 2016 Responsible for all Network account administration, enrollment of users with OKTA for Single Sign on purposes, manage calendars and shared mailbox on  exchange servers. Maintaining accurate extensions, terminations and account  changes for expiring contractor/vendor accounts. Manage Cisco Unified  Console for VOIP configuration, support/meet with executives to provide status  updates and get new technology initiatives. Administer all mobile devices  within the Mobile Iron MDM solution. Roll out IPads. Surface Pro tablets and other device throughout the organization. Meet with Directors to ensure  service expectations are being met, provide ways of improving their workflow and implement new technologies. Review tickets to see which issues are  trending and come up with solutions/documentation to reduce or resolve  these incidents. Troubleshoot/Support remote locations, provide afterhours  support to Executives and users working from home or while on travel. Desktop Support Specialist Volt Workforce Solutions - Orange, CA June 2011 to May 2015 Provide executive level support, remotely support unclassified systems within closed areas and classified buildings and serve as a subject matter/lead for a  refresh and mobility group. Ensure data migration tools were scheduled and capturing content for new systems as well as run software inventory reporting.  Troubleshooting both hardware and software related issues while performing  break fix tasks as needed. Manage ticket queues, assign resources for deployments daily and ensure the IT tech bar is running smoothly while  ensuring the latest technologies were on display for end users to see. Meet with upper level management to ensure service standards were being met,  track the percentages of SLA's being met and suggest methods of improving  our service. Lead Mobile device administration and roll out efforts. Manage  VPN access, administer the AirWatch MDM solution and push various  applications and patches via SCCM.    ACCOMPLISHMENTS Completed the largest technology project in Alameda County history to date in a 7 month time span which was initially planned to take over 12 months. In  doing this far quicker than expected the county saved over 30 thousand dollars  and were able to implement other IT technologies. Created documentation and trainings for lower level staff to increase their productivity which resulted in  percentage of SLA's being met to increase by 18% throughout the year. Education High school Skills Outlook, Microsoft Office, Help Desk, Desktop Support, Service Desk, Active Directory