Project Management Coordinator & IT Support <span class="hl">Project</span> Management Coordinator &amp; <span class="hl">IT</span> Support Project Management Coordinator & IT Support Sterling Heights, MI Work Experience Project Management Coordinator & IT Support ROOSEN, VARCHETTI & OLIVIER, PLLC - Clinton Township, MI March 2012 to October 2018 Project Manager from Docket Management Varchetti, & Olivier-GA, PLLC September 2014 to 2016 including the transition of all retained employees as acquired in the purchase agreement with Roosen, Varchetti, & Olivier-GA, PLLC.  Entrusted with supervisory role ensuring completion of all Georgia  transition projects to effectively streamline well-established Michigan  processes to increase Georgia's profit revenue. Audit remediation of  25,000 purchased account receivables. Complete overhaul of accounting,  suit and garnishment processes through CLS document programming,  training personnel and performance file reviews. Solely responsible for creating job instructions and policies for Georgia office of 20 support  staff. Continuous operational review to determine most efficient and profitable business models.    • Liaison to all vendors, employees and senior management during Michigan firm's acquisition of another Georgia law firm.  • Trained all new employees hired in Michigan since September 2014  and Georgia since December 2016.  • Managed a remediation on three separate occasions between both states of over 25,000 accounts receivables each time.  • Analyzed and automated internal office processes to move to external  office employees to increase production and reduce labor costs.  • Member of firm's process improvement team since September 2014  inclusive of the review of client contracts and guidelines, change in Michigan statutory law, updating of office procedures and  communicating the same to staff members and the streamlining of internal procedures for efficiency to meet production goals.  • Create and modify legal forms for all departments in Word Perfect  and CLS for both states.  • Draft internal job instructions and cross train external employees to meet client guidelines and office standards.  • Supervise the loading of all judgment placed files in CLS between both states.  • Liaison to Court Officers and Process Servers for change in policies  and client requirements.  • Responsible for the set up and tear down of any work station within the company.  • Facilitated the onboard of new employees onto the server, creation of outlook license and group distribution assignment, assigned software  credentials and security permissions and provided new hire  documentation.  • IT support for over 80 office personnel in four separate locations  resolving basic computer issues and CLS software support.  • Liaison to multistate IT support company effectively communicating  and escalating specific IT issues where either a solution was unknown or the error existed on a different server. MEIJER INC - Clinton Township, MI 2011 to 2013 General Merchandise Stocker, Cashier stocking Women, Men, Children, Infant and Shoe Department - Township, MI, US 2009 to 2011 Merchandise handling for stocking Women, Men, Children, Infant and Shoe Department. Coordinate setting weekly advertisement signs for the  above-named departments. Cross-trained to perform cashier duties when daily store sales exceeded $175,000.00. Quarterly inventory management and audit preparation with minimal supervision for store departments.  Assist monthly end cap transitions, aisle layouts and seasonal backdrop  changes. Education B.S.S. Accounting Baker College of Clinton Township 2014 A.S.S. Accounting Baker College of Clinton Township 2012 Skills accounting (1 year), Cls (1 year), cost control. (Less than 1 year), customer service (Less than 1 year), Document management (Less than 1 year), excel (Less than 1 year), financial statements. (Less than 1 year), Microsoft excel (Less than 1 year), Microsoft office (Less than 1 year), Ms office (Less than 1 year), Receptionist (Less than 1 year), Retail sales (Less than 1 year), Time management (Less than 1 year), Vendor management (Less than 1 year) Additional Information AREAS OF EXPERTISE PERSONAL SUMMARY    Microsoft Office platform Motivated, successful individual with a background in office  management, communication, legal processes, a large corporation,  Microsoft Excel Analytics  customer service and a legal firm. Talent for mastering quick tasks with  CLS Programming time management control. Proficient in the legal process, analyzing job  functions and streamlining processes for efficiency and cost control.  Document Management  Familiar with accounting concepts and financial statements. Highly  Document Creation organized and the ability to constantly improve personal abilities.  Professional experience handling large clients, respected public  Diary Management  individuals, and stressful time sensitive situations.  Legal Processes  Vendor Management  Court Hearing Preparation WORK EXPERIENCE