Customer Service Representative (Contract) Customer Service Representative (Contract) Project Coordinator Elk Grove, CA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Customer Service Representative (Contract) thredUP Inc - San Leandro, CA September 2017 to Present ? Assist customers with resolving issues and answering questions in a timely manner  ? Participate in weekly meetings to discuss new ways on efficiency in the workplace and improve our service to our customers   ? Tracked and monitored customer accounts to ensure they meet company's terms of use Sales Operations TriNet - Pleasanton, CA April 2018 to July 2019 Customer Success Specialist (Contract) Blackbaud - Emeryville, CA April 2017 to September 2017 ? Assisted clients with opening and creating accounts, by guiding them through the process.  ? Coordinated on-boarding processing by gathering required documents and setting up client with new accounts.  ? Emailed marketing to clients.   ? Created new client files and ensured it meets compliance requirements.   ? Conducted secondary research to ensure the confidence of the clients.  ? Billed and sent weekly reminders to customers for products purchased.   ? Participated in weekly scrums to update on progress of projects. IT Logistics Tech Level 1 (Contract) Dropbox - San Francisco Bay Area, CA October 2016 to December 2016 ? Maintain and organized the supply closet, to create a flow that allows for easy finding of supplies.  ? Stock and maintain vending machines with supplies by checking frequently to ensure that it is full and operating properly.  ? Tracked and monitored supplies that are being received and distributed, to ensure that supplies are accounted for and fully stocked.  ? Disturbed requested items to employees desk and assist with setup of products.  ? Troubleshoot and resolve technical issues that employees encounter in a timely fashion. Project Coordinator/ Project Manager Analyst (Contract) Salesforce - San Francisco, CA February 2016 to October 2016 ? Maintained and scheduled meetings for the Executive Briefing Committee team, Account Executives, and Executives  ? Managed teams progress in completing a customer's profile and keeping track of progress and deadlines.  ? Coordinated schedules and presentations that will be utilized to present to potential customers.  ? Monitored teams progress and sent reminders for upcoming deadlines.   ? Coordinated weekly meetings to receive updates on team progress.  ? Scheduled account meetings using phone, email, and video conference to create line of communication.  ? Updated team by creating PowerPoint presentations on customer satisfaction with products such as Platform Security and Transaction Security, as well as presentations on security threats, current-state features, policy implementation, and vulnerability to threats.  ? Conducted primary and secondary research via interviews at RSA Conference and online research through Ars Technica, RSA, and YouTube to determine best practices and new security threats, successfully updating team survey on security policies.  ? Composed three 15-question surveys in Survey Monkey to gain employee feedback and recommended product security features, conducting outreach via Chatter, email, and in-person follow-up to ensure high internal response rate.  ? Tracked and analyzed team’s security product performance in Excel, presenting results via charts, graphs, and pivot tables.  ? Recorded minutes during daily stand-up Scrum meetings and Sprint planning meetings, documenting progress, roadblocks, resource needs, and bugs.  ? Interviewed subjects and wrote posts for Salesforce Foundation blog.  ? Assisted with creating proposal for customers  ? Reviewed contracts to ensure that it was right fit and meet customers needs   ? Track and manage issues that customers encounter with our product and relay info to team to correct Cashier 99 Cent Only Store - Sacramento, CA April 2015 to July 2016 Greeting customers to create a warm and welcoming environment.  ? Every two hours, performed a store sweep to ensure the safety of customers and employees.  ? Performed daily transactions on the cash register quickly and efficiently to decrease the time spent waiting in the line.  ? Maintained account of the stores sales every day and transferred the cash to the cash drop to ensure the safety and keep track store sales.  ? Assisting customers daily to provide good customer service and information tailored to their needs.  ? Contributing to employee success by assisting the manager in training new cashiers on how to operate the cash register and onboard them on the store operations. Replenishment/Stocker Banana Republic - San Francisco, CA August 2015 to December 2015 Assisted 20+ customers daily, providing excellent customer service and maintaining customer satisfaction in retail environment  ? Stocked four rooms with merchandise, ensuring items were readily available for customers  ? Worked alongside team to maintain presentable store and meet any customer needs that arose Babysitter Sacramento, CA January 2009 to June 2014 Education Techonlogy and Business Communications Foothill College - San Francisco, CA September 2015 to July 2016 Skills Microsoft Suite (6 years), Social Media Marketing (1 year), Google Applications (4 years), Survey Monkey (1 year), Primary Research (2 years), Secondary Research (2 years), Agile (1 year), Scrum (1 year), Salesforce, zendesk (1 year), Helpshift (Less than 1 year), Survey Design (1 year), Helpshift (1 year), Zendesk (1 year), Customer Care, Customer Service, Call Center, Customer Support, CSR, Research (4 years), CRM, Contracts, Contract Management, Data Analysis, Data Entry, Analytics, Client Relations, Onboarding Certifications/Licenses Driver's License Additional Information RELEVANT SKILLS    ? Microsoft PowerPoint  ? Microsoft Excel  ? Survey Design (Survey Monkey)    ? GoToMeeting  ? Agile / Scrum  ? Primary/Secondary Research    ? Salesforce CRM  ? Wave Analytics  ? Security Health Check  ? Python / HTML (beginner)