IT Business Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> Business Analyst IT Business Analyst Arvada, CO Work Experience IT Business Analyst Experian - Denver, CO September 2016 to April 2018 ? Provided business and operations consultation and expertise in the design and implementation of internal projects  ? Identified project and/or process issues and implemented solutions to ensure adherence  to deadlines and specifications  ? Recommended systemic modifications to improve processing efficiency  ? Supported other team members by reviewing programs and documentation and making  adjustments as necessary  ? Partnered with internal stakeholders to bridge the gap between customer Experian SAAS  behaviors and cross-channel customer delivery to propose new acquisitions, cultivation, retention, and win-back strategies  ? Partnered with Client Services, Operations and Implementation teams to help identify and mend data gaps, source issues, and data inaccuracies  ? Presented analytical results and insights to business partners to answer strategic  questions and influence business decisions.  ? Applied advanced skills in area of specialization to solve a wide range of networking  hurdles globally Product & Project Manager Experian CheetahMail - Denver, CO July 2015 to September 2016 Worked collaboratively with developers, product marketing, customer success, sales, and customers to incorporate their feedback into the product definition process  ? Managed and refined product strategy and plan and communicate to executives.  grooming of agile backlog  ? Partnered with developers/ QA to get the product built & delivered  ? Worked with partners on needed integrations Client Relationship Manager Experian CheetahMail - El Segundo, CA April 2014 to July 2015 Collaborated cross functionally to create, drive and implement new functionality, client  business case, and marketing initiatives that delivered increased sell-through for ECS'  client, increasing ECS revenue  ? Managed growth by assisting clients to grow their businesses efficiently, leveraging the advantages of the Experian platform, products and services  ? Set individual goals, objectives, and Key Performance Indicators that aligned to the organization's long-range strategic objectives around client success, revenue growth  product diversity, and SAAS platform utilization.  ? Owned ultimate accountability for ensuring that all financial and operational performance  guarantees were met. Passionately defended, grew and managed client relationships while balancing the demands of the shareholders of Experian.  ? Trained & mentored account managers in their professional development  ? Informed and reported account status up to Senior and Exec staff  ? Traveled regularly for on-site visits and conventions to meet with clients within the continental United States Senior Account Manager Experian CheetahMail - El Segundo, CA August 2012 to April 2014 Drove day-to-day Experian SAAS operations for multiple clients  ? Served as an ambassador for the client with internal Experian Business Unit teams  ? Regularly broke down Experian SAAS processes and methods to set expectations and improve effectiveness, removing roadblocks, mitigating risk, and improving efficiencies  both internally within teams and in direct support of solutions delivered to the client's  membership and customers  ? Trained clients on the functionality of Experian's SAAS applications  ? Initiated, researched, and drafted Statements of Work, Contract Amendments, and Product Requirements documents Global Ad Traffick Manager Mountain News Corp/Vail Resorts - Broomfield, CO August 2011 to January 2012 Drove day-to-day SAAS campaigns for clients & agencies globally  ? Developed key processes to assist in the integration of Vail Resorts  ? QA'd, evaluated, and optimized online ad campaigns globally  ? Created dynamic segments and produced weekly newsletters in English & German Ad Trafficker Photobucket.com - Denver, CO February 2011 to July 2011 ? Responsible for all aspects of ad campaign fulfillment, administering all types of creative  campaigns including Third Party Tags, Rich Media and basic images  ? Analyzed ad serving errors, reporting discrepancies and broken creative  ? Collaborated with client account managers to troubleshoot, evaluate and optimize online  ad campaigns  ? Managed Sales Mock requests as well as creative brainstorming Education Regis University Brush High School Skills RISK ANALYSIS, JIRA, RELATIONSHIP MANAGEMENT, PROBLEM SOLVING Additional Information SKILLS  Project Management, Agile, Jira, Analytical Skills, Problem Solving, Risk Analysis, Root Cause  Analysis and Relationship Management.