SEO Manager SEO <span class="hl">Manager</span> Web Content and Social Media Specialist - The Dartmouth Institute Springfield, NH Looking to team up with businesses not yet ready to hire a full time Digital Marketing Person, ie, web developer/webmaster/SEO master/PPC/email blasting/webinar/social media. That person is someone, like me, who gets all that techy stuff, but also knows consumers, habits and has a creative flair. Someone, like me, who is transparent, driven, passionate and committed. A person, like me, who has a track record of successes. The companies I seek are down to earth, know they need help, want help and regardless how big, just want someone to take the lead and get the job done honestly. Work Experience SEO Manager Brookstone - Merrimack, NH October 2017 to May 2018 Business Technology Teacher Stevens High School - Claremont, NH August 2014 to October 2017 Teach highschool students business technology, everything from Google drive to Microsoft Office to Adobe products. I began in 2014 without any curriculum and have been creating and updating on a regular basis.   In the past year, I taught Digital Art and Design and MultiMedia Art.   Next year, I add in two classes, Intro to Career Readiness and Digital Marketing. The goal is to provide students with real situations and projects. Web Content and Social Media Specialist The Dartmouth Institute October 2012 to August 2014 Lead project manager for re-designs and new websites  • Provided insights, identify risks, monitor functionality development and test for W3C compliance  • Collaborate and trained colleagues  • Webmaster for tdi.dartmouth.edu and tdi.intranet.dartmouth.edu  • Perform monthly analysis via Google Analytics, Facebook Insights, and SEO tools  • Strategized social posting, CPC campaigns and SEO with colleagues  • Improved UX for the alumni and internal newsletters New Media Coordinator University Press of New England November 2011 to October 2012 Create and present reports to Stakeholders  • Responsible for establishing and maintaining all social media  • Provide technical/social media support to authors  • Collaborate with team members to strategize promotional activity Project Manager/Senior Internet Marketing Specialist, Brandit Marketing Brandit Marketing April 2011 to September 2012 proposals based on client needs.  • Collaborated with team members concerning marketing  • Prepared monthly analysis of site, provided suggestions  • Design and execute social media strategies Director of Internet Marketing Solid Executive May 2011 to July 2011 • Developed scope for website  • Responsible for managing deliverables on the project  • Identified and resolved issues and risks  • Developed Internet Marketing, primarily SEO and social media, strategy CEO/Owner Clients Website Company October 2007 to October 2007 Managed all projects through life cycle  • Created workflow for series of projects  • Instructed Small Business seminars on Internet Marketing, specifically SEO  • Perform KOI to identify best keywords to use for internal linking and external linking Project Manager Moonrise Productions July 2007 to October 2007 Organize and coordinate dynamic cross-functional projects involving multiple internal groups, team members and technical.  • Facilitate team meetings, conference meeting with stakeholders, compile status and variance metrics.  • Manage the completion of tasks and facilitate pro-active communication with project stakeholders  • Manage issues and resolutions.  • Works cross functionally to ensure optimal speed and quality throughout the project lifecycle, including project  definition, plan development, estimating, resource assignments, process compliance, and development  coordination. Project Management Assistant to the PMO manager IBM February 2007 to May 2007 Supported project managers by researching material, preparing meeting notes, weekly and status reports.  • Maintained project repository,  • Created and implemented procurement logs  • Monitored charges for contract employees IT Coordinator McDade ISD 2003 to 2005 Ensures effective communication between team members, stakeholders and senior level management, including  formal presentations  • Negotiates resource commitments for program and project level efforts.  • Provides clear, timely, and accurate project status reporting.  • Responsible for the creation and management of all project documentation.  • Supports the continuous improvement of project processes. Education Masters of Science in Information Technology Capella University B.S. in Business Administration University of New Hampshire Certification in General Education University of Texas Skills MS Project, Adobe Suite, HTML/CSS, Responsive Web, All Microsoft office, Social Medias, SEO tools