Supervisor Construction Project Manager Supervisor Construction <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project manager Huntington Beach, CA ? 10+ Years of experience in Project Management and information system. Knowledge of Project Manager principles, Business development, Business analyst Construction Project Coordinator experience including but not limited to financial planning and business analysis.   ? Ability to manage multiple teams to cohesively foster a productive environment and add profitability to any individual or team.   ? Skilled in waterfall methodology, asset management, mergers & acquisitions, financial analysis, risk management, and financial reporting. Experience in Six Sigma and LEAN principles.   ? Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite including MS Excel, MS Word, MS Outlook, MS PowerPoint and MS Access. Expertise in SQL, Sybase, RDBMS, Oracle, MySQL, DB2.   HIGLIGHTS:  ? Data Analytics, Risk Assessment   ? Strategic Planning, Safety Mgmt.  ? Contracts & Procurement  ? Change Management  ? Leadership and communication skill.   ? Training & Development  ? AGILE/SCRUM  ? Construction Manager Experience ? Certified Financial Analyst  ? Microsoft Office Expertise Excel, Access, Visio, MSP.  ? Certified Information security system management  ? Highly Analytical, Process Improvement, Cost Management Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Supervisor Construction Project Manager San Diego Area & Camp petlenton - Irvine, CA January 2017 to December 2018 • Manage and publish the project schedule on a regular basis.  • Control the budget associated with the project and negotiate best pricing.  • Write and distribute bid packages that clearly define the scope and general provisions.  • Negotiate contracts and subcontracts as needed.  • Mitigate risk on behalf of Webcor.  • Focus on continuous improvement and innovation in all you do. Project manager and Supervisor Regional Maintenance San Diego Area and Lincoln Military Housing Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton November 2018 to November 2018 Current Project Coordination Manager Northrop Grumman - El Segundo, CA 2017 to 2018 Construction Project Coordinator Turner Construction 2016 to 2017 Construction Project Coordinator Pyramid 1 Construction 2016 to 2016 IT Project coordinator Saint Vincent Catholic Medical Centers - New York, NY 2012 to 2014 New York  * Coordinate Project teams manage resources and information and assist with scheduling and planning meetings and project activities such as involves monitoring project plans, schedules, work hours, budgets, and expenditures, organizing and participating in stakeholder meetings, and ensuring that project deadlines are met in a timely manner.  * Assure work on tight deadlines, using Microsoft Office applications such as Word and Excel, Access, Microsoft Project and have exceptional verbal, written, and presentation skills.  * Responsibilities: Maintaining and monitoring project plans, project schedules, work hours, budgets and expenditures.  * Organizing, attending and participating in stakeholder meetings.  * Documenting and following up on important actions and decisions from meetings.  * Preparing necessary presentation materials for meetings.  * Ensuring project deadlines are met.  * Determining project changes.  * Providing administrative support as needed. Consultant/ Project Manager Lower Manhattan Development Corp, Ind 2012 to 2013 Assistant Project Manager Waterside Plaza - New York, NY 2008 to 2012 Ensure overall responsibility for the successful initiation, planning, design, execution, monitoring, controlling and closure of a project. As well as budget, oversee and document all aspects of the specific project that working on.  Responsibilities:  * Undertaking project tasks as required.  * Developing project strategies.  * Ensuring projects adhere to frameworks and all documentation is maintained appropriately for each project.  * Assess project risks and issues and provide solutions where applicable.  * Ensure stakeholder views are managed towards the best solution. Education DeVry University Illinois 2014 Project Management Keller Graduate school of managenment at DeVry University - New York, NY January 2008 to December 2010 Master of Business Administration in Business Administration Keller Graduate School of Management, DeVry University New York New York - New York, NY 2010 Master of Strategy Administration in (Hospitality/Tourism) -UAM-Mexico Economics National Autonomous University of Nicaragua 2000