IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager - Macrophage International Nashville, TN Nine plus years of experience in creative problem-solving roles requiring high volume data analysis, project management, healthcare system integration and implementation. Strong conceptual, analytical, and communication skills dedicated to continuing innovation and education to contribute leadership in a health information technology environment. Work Experience IT Project Manager Macrophage International - Nashville, TN 2019 to Present • Responsible for managing projects surrounding software implementation and networking.  • Partner with internal teams to ensure deliverables meet timeline and compliance requirements.  • Identify, establish and maintain business relationships with facility resources, vendors, project leaders and executive management.  • Requires strong technical, analytical, communication and management skills. IT Project Manager IV - Divestitures CHS - Franklin, TN 2018 to 2018 • Responsible for divesting all IT entities for related facilities.  • Organize and manage all phases of the projects to ensure on-time completion.  • Effectively identify and manage project issues and risks, escalate as needed, and create strategies for risk mitigation contingency planning.  • Develop strategies to solve complex technical challenges.  • Execute TSA guidelines to ensure proper legal procedures and mitigate unnecessary financial repercussions. IT Project Manager RCCH HealthCare Partners - Brentwood, TN 2015 to 2018 • Lead project manager on programs encompassing all facilities and corporate entities.  • Communicate purpose and vision of projects and prepare reports for stakeholders and senior management.  • Successfully manage the enterprise wide integration of Microsoft Office 365 and migration of all email and historical data from multiple platforms.  • Work directly with the CTO, CIO, AVP PMO, and SR IT VP to accomplish enterprise wide corporate goals.  • Routinely and efficiently control meetings communicating project status. ICD-10 IT Project Consultant LifePoint Hospitals - Brentwood, TN 2013 to 2014 • Requires strong management, communication and technical skills, as well as, multi-level project assessment.  • Identify, establish and maintain business relationships with facility resources, vendors, project leaders and executive management.  • Successful technical ICD-10 impact assessment of 20 vendor products and 60 facilities.  • Responsible for knowledge transfer as the bridge between the 20 vendors and the project sub-committee and executive management.  • Development of MEDHOST (HMS) test plan, testing process and documentation. MEDHOST (HMS) eArchiving Analyst CHS - Franklin, TN 2013 to 2013 • Position requires strong management, communication and technical skills, as well as, the ability to establish and maintain business relationships among facility executives, project leaders and peers.  • Collaborate with facility management to ensure expectations are established, monitored, and executed.  • Perform due diligence, asses current state, determine future state and conduct gap analysis.  • Advanced knowledge of IBM AS400 and MEDHOST (HMS) products, processes and terminology.  • Manage and communicate adjustments and/or impacts to project scope and schedule.  • Develop project plans to ensure all HIPAA privacy and security requirements are adhered to. Technical Implementation Analyst MEDHOST - Franklin, TN 2011 to 2013 • Develop strategies for large scale software implementation projects.  • Create and maintain strong business relationships with peers, clients, management, and executives.  • Responsible for interface builds, interface conversions and programming changes.  • Manage all documentation surrounding implementation projects.  • Knowledge and utilization on SQL, Java and RPG languages.  • Update and maintain project status reports for senior program management and executive management.  • Requires strong technical, analytical, communication and management skills. Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Science Grantham University - Lenexa, KS 2018 Skills PM, Waterfall, SDLC, Microsoft Office (10+ years), Agile (7 years), Budget Management (5 years), Implementation, Office 365 (3 years)