Quality Technician Quality Technician Quality Technition Oakland, CA I have actively grown in the IT industry dating back to 2006. I have also been recognized & awarded for white-glove support services, as I can "wear many hats." I enjoy a good challenge, helping others, utilizing my resources & prioritizing my workload urgency.     I enjoy learning & growing new skill sets. I have a strong sense of team value. My former colleagues have noted that I not only thrive but enjoy taking on new projects and responsibilities. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Quality Technician Tesla Fremont Factory - Fremont, CA March 2018 to Present Performing safety critical Quality control checks for Model 3 production.   Serving various production stations that focus on different areas of production.   -Provided feedback to EHS (Environmental Health & Safety.) team, that was immediately implemented on the production line; ensuring a safer work environment for production associates.  Acted as a diagnostic and repair tech for the Model 3. (Replacing various parts, torquing subframe to spec... etc)  Moderate administrative work- such as documenting cars flagged as non conformance for Tesla SOP. Chrome OS Device Technician Google - Mountain View, CA June 2017 to November 2017 NDA Signed)  DUT Technician. (NDA signed) Imaging Chrome book devices, utilizing Linux / Terminal / Ubuntu to deploy devices, ping & repair. Troubleshooting devices. Rack & Stack, Cabling. Triaging hardware and software bugs. Physical repairs. 3LS Support Engineer Hewlett Packard INC., (Contracted) - Palo Alto, CA June 2016 to June 2017 HP is a multinational information technology company that sells hardware, software and related business services. I was hired as a contractor to expand HP's level 3 support team for the Sprout by HP. I provide white glove Tier 3 troubleshooting. My job functions consisted of restore & installation of Windows 10, HP Sprout marketplace / workspace and other apps that are specific to the HP Sprout product. While on contract management noticed I had other available skillset such as technical writing- I created several "How to" types of documentation for HP's external & internal user base.  I was tasked with forum support. TeamViewer / Skype remote support, email correspondence & support. International support as well as commercial support, on call 24/7. I would do data mining for my manager to present in weekly meetings. When there was a hardware or software related problem with the Sprout by HP, I would be tasked with shipping / receiving. As the Sprout by HP is a 3D scanning machine, I would also be tasked with 3D Printing, and supporting the Dremel.  While at HP I wore many hats, one of them was gaming and marketing support for the OMEN by HP.  I was tasked with helping run the TechCrunch trade show in Sept 2016. I provided VR demo booths, as well as the new workstations, laptops and phone. IT Support Analyst Gazillion Entertainment - Foster City, CA July 2014 to October 2015 NDA Signed)    Gazillion is a start-up online Video Gaming company. I was originally hired to assist with a 3 month contract, to help the company downsize and move locations. I was a main component for this move to be successful for various reasons;  Helping the company through a 130 end user move to a different city. Provide IT services and assistance while the company downsized and moved to a smaller office, including directing hired labor during the move. Setting up the new buildings IT infrastructure; Building telecom room, mounting access points and routers, running cables and managing data & VOIP service maintenance.  Management and integration of new hardware, software and device releases.  Document internal procedures and resolutions. Create and deploy disk images using Ghost, USMT. Disassembly and building of the server room, cabling. I then was extended to become a permanent full time employee. I provided technical assistance. Logged, investigated reported Help Desk tickets and word of mouth questions. I resolved and performed follow-up tasks on all tickets escalated to Helpdesk, as well as providing white glove support for executive management. I maintained inventory of all equipment, software and software licenses.  Another aspect of my career at Gazillion was to ensure company privacy regarding sensitive data. I would regularly perform formal root-cause analysis of issues. I would process new hires / termination of employee accounts and data archive & reassignment. On a regular basis I would manage Gazillions laptop and desktop system imaging process.  I managed end user software configuration and testing. I would install, configure and maintain end user systems and devices utilizing AD. CRC Encryption Team Stanford University - Stanford, CA December 2013 to April 2014 Enabling encryption, working on different groups on campus upgrading Windows (Bit locker) & Mac OS (file vault). Deskside Support, deploying machines back to users. Answering technical questions. Performed backups & troubleshooting for non-cookie cut machines. Install & configure Stanford software for users. Technical Project Manager MILESTONE Technologies - Fremont, CA February 2013 to August 2013 NDA Signed)    Working with our client Gilead Sciences- managing a team of 10 Milestone employees. This project entailed 5,000 Windows XP to Windows 7 migrations within Pharma Policies & Regulations. My experience with supporting Gilead sciences, a pharma environment having several buildings of sensitive lab equipment. Their lab machines are designed to use particular software for medical devices specific to the Windows XP environment. The machines were in dire need of migration. This was a specialized project, requiring the utmost attention to detail. Risking data loss for an executive client is a terminable offense. As the project manager, I was tasked to travel to Utah, I built a team of 10 techs' for 150 migrations during the annual AIDS/HIV conference. Gilead employees were scheduled to upgrade from windows XP to Win 7. (Migrations tasks were performed during client's conference.) Given a 72-hour deadline to complete project in Utah, completed project with team in less than 30 hours with 100% accuracy and client satisfaction post migration. While at Foster City, CA HQ: I scheduled teams for specific projects; wrote and edited the daily technical run books for the project's changes. Processed and made checklists for new hires to follow procedural standards. Screening applicants, scheduling interviews, processing paperwork, new hire orientations, salary negotiation. Inputting/generating employee schedules and labor into WFM and ADP. Writing and submitting expense reports. Creating "performance counselling records" for inappropriate conduct/broken policies etc. Training and development, teaching new hires how to type CMD codes, keyboard shortcuts and PXE boot. Verifying employee work post migration. Installing complex Pharma software. Configure outlook exchange accounts. Set up trailer for cross campus migrations. Relocated filers, routed CAT 5 cables, relocated new in box machines. Troubleshooting non-cooperative units pushing migration to meet deadline; train new hires how to add users into AD.  Collaborate across teams to share information and coordinate on new ideas at weekly board meetings. Running reports and analysing data to supply client with vender hours remaining. Support Agent Google - Mountain View, CA December 2012 to February 2013 NDA Signed)    Call center environment supporting Google's beta product not introduced to the public market.  Troubleshooting Android based devices and accessories.  Provided 'white glove' technical support for beta product for customer product training and inquiries via phone, chat and video support. Expedited repairs through Salesforce.com RMA system.  Performed fitting of product to early explorers and VP's. Data Entry Symantec, Inc., (Contracted) - Mountain View, CA January 2012 to October 2012 Editing & updating VeriSign's content to Symantec INC's database within given deadline for global rebranding. Daily volume of over 100 email templates, web page & document in all jurisdictions, with tools and basic HTML. Reviewing existing content, both internal & external within all jurisdictions. Reviewing & inserting TOKENS, documenting unexpected content for manager review. Working independently with the ability to read & interoperate a wide range of content in all jurisdictions. Fax Clerk- Processed PO's other Legal Documents  Calendar, Outlook, Oracle Instant Service email sorting & filtering, Mass Team Communications. Meetings. Sales Force Template Creation & Management as well as Symantec's KB. Win 7 Coordinator Genentech, Inc., (Contracted) - San Francisco, CA August 2011 to December 2011 Working with Genentech to help schedule and coordinate migration over to Windows 7 from XP for over 10,000 users, locations ranging from America, Canada & Singapore.  Managing four time sensitive side projects simultaneously, scheduling and coordinating users all while meeting strict deadlines & demanding attention to detail.  Working with gdoc's, Microsoft Word & Excel & Coordinating meetings, reserving conference rooms. Reporting errors to management, and providing solutions to benefit the team & projects overall. Training tech's/Peers to aid in scheduling & coordination. (Presenting) Hardware / Software Technician Best Buy/Geek Squad - San Carlos, CA September 2008 to September 2011 San Carlos, CA  Position; Counter Intelligence Agent (CIA)    Performed cashier duties, processing credit applications for clients, providing superior customer service. Hardware / Software Technician / Administration- providing technology support for clients & communicating progress on clients' assets through STAR (Best Buy's computer repair software database) Troubleshooting complex operating system concerns. Windows XP, Win 7, Mac OS. Hardware installation & warranty repairs/maintenance. Virus removal, OS corruption fixes. Restoring OS. Solutions Specialist- Responsible for solution sales based on the client needs with Smart TV's, Smart phones, Computers, Cameras. Performed client training services: Over the counter training on products sold in store, such as wireless routers & devices. Cameras (DSLR's and compact), & basic operating system tasks. Home Theatre entertainment & accessories. Shipping & Receiving- sending assets to manufacturer for warranty repairs. Education Mills High School 2002 to 2006 Skills Windows (10+ years), Mac OS X (10+ years), Troubleshooting (10+ years), Management (1 year), Training & Development (4 years), Technical Support (10+ years), Customer Service (10+ years), Active Directory, Help Desk, Desktop Support, MAC, Tech Support