Patient Care Coordinator Patient Care Coordinator Administrative Assistant II Arlington, MA Through my many administrative and customer service oriented positions, I have proven myself a personable first point of contact for customers both in person and on the phone. I excel in fast paced environments where multi-tasking and the ability to change priorities quickly is paramount. My varied work and volunteer experiences are testament to my ability to work with a vast array of different staff members and clientele, to communicate effectively in person and in writing, and complete tasks efficiently and accurately while meeting deadlines. My diverse background in various office settings and positions ranging from customer relations to IT work to medical billing and everything in between, is not only proof of my vast administrative skillset but also illustrates my ability to adapt and learn new skills as these roles progress and evolve. Work Experience Patient Care Coordinator Bay State Physical Therapy - Arlington, MA October 2018 to Present • Answered phones, effectively relayed patient symptoms to triage nurses, and was able to assist in any other area the customer was calling about (billing, referrals, insurance, medical records requests, etc).  • Checked and verified all insurance eligibility of patients accurately and efficiently on a daily basis, managed complex insurance issues and coordinated with patients/insurance companies to resolve them.  • Specialized in RainTree software systems and assisted in IT related issues.  • Worked with patients, other healthcare providers/facilities, and insurance companies to ensure all referral requests were approved.  • Sent and received faxes, corresponded with other hospitals and facilities, organized and uploaded patient documents.  • Checked patients in and out, collected copays, managed electronic medical records. Administrative Assistant II Beth Israel Hospital - Boston, MA July 2018 to October 2018 • Prepared patient charts for doctors for a wide variety of different types of appointments.  • Facilitated patient care between patients and doctors; managed prescription requests, questions regarding symptoms, and lab/radiology results, among other things.  • Answered phones and scheduled appointments with Beth Israel Clinical Computing program (CCC).  • Used PatientSite and Beth Israel Portal/Online Medical Record system to respond to patient emails, coordinate hospital visits, and mail correspondences to other physicians.  • Verified insurances and referral information for patients prior to appointments. Administrative Specialist/ IT Specialist/Assistant Credit Manager/Assistant Referral Coordinator Pediatric Associates of Medford - Medford, MA March 2015 to December 2017 Medford, MA March 2015 to December 2017  • Answered phones, effectively relayed patient symptoms to triage nurses, and was able to assist in any other area the customer was calling about (billing, referrals, medical records, prescription requests, etc).  • Checked and verified all insurance eligibility of patients accurately and efficiently, managed complex insurance issues and coordinated with patients/insurance companies to resolve them, managed overdue accounts, sent detailed emails explaining the cause of patient balances, managed collections.  • Specialized in eClinical Works software systems, became a "super-user" when the company transferred to EPIC software system. Also assisted in any and all IT related issues.  • Assistant referral coordinator; worked with patients, other healthcare providers/facilities, and insurance companies to ensure all referral requests were approved.  • Sent and received faxes, corresponded with other hospitals and facilities, organized and uploaded patient documents.  • Checked patients in and out, collected copays, managed electronic medical records. Ambulatory Service Representative II Boston Children's Hospital - Boston, MA April 2014 to October 2014 • Managed busy appointment schedule with very large patient volume using multiple software platforms (EPIC, Powerchart, and Dentrix) and handled multiple phone lines in a hectic office environment.  • Checked in patients and families upon arrival; often commended by supervisors for having a calm and positive demeanor when working with difficult parents and special needs patients.  • Proven ability to work as a team with other front desk and dentistry staff.    • Provided administrative support to all dentists and hygienists in the department by organizing  medical records, keeping track of appointment wait lists, digitizing various documents, and collecting/verifying insurances.  • Coordinated with other departments in the hospital. Assistant Manager Gulf Gas Station/Convenience Store - Somerville, MA November 2010 to May 2014 • Maintained inventory records and financial reports.  • Covered all shifts when staff was shorthanded; worked many 65+ hour weeks.  • Provided excellent customer service.  • Kept storefront organized and carried out administrative tasks as needed. Intern Assistant Project Manager/Office Administrator National Alliance on Mental Illness - Boston, MA January 2013 to September 2013 • Compiled and organized data sets, using Microsoft office suite.  • Created PowerPoint presentations for grant proposals.  • Created prototype mental illness reference sheet for statewide police departments.  • Communicated effectively with other organizations and institutions over the phone. Education Bachelor's degree in Psychology and Philosophy in Psychology and Philosophy University of Massachusetts Amherst - Amherst, MA Skills Microsoft Office (10+ years), Excel (7 years), Administrative Assistant (7 years), Administrative Support, Data Entry, Scheduling, Receptionist, Epic, Training, Microsoft Word, EMR, Organizational Skills, Billing, Hiring (2 years), Microsoft Excel, Outlook, CPR Certifications/Licenses Mental Health First Aid Present EPIC SuperUser Present