Project Lead <span class="hl">Project</span> Lead Project Lead - General Motors Royal Oak, MI Experienced IT professional who has obtained an MBA in Information Systems Management and Global Supply Chain. I have extensive  experience in creating in-depth analysis of requirements in client-facing roles, leading initiatives to improve operational efficiency, and  implementing solutions to save millions of dollars for an organization. I seek to use my effective analytical, time management,  organizational, and strong communication skills to make a lasting impact within your organization.  (706) 833-6149  sambrinson90@gmail.com  Royal Oak, MI 48073  T  E  A Work Experience Project Lead General Motors - Detroit, MI February 2019 to Present GM) Company  Customer Centricity Elevation & Systemic Change  Global Business Solutions (GBS), Detroit, MI | February 2019 - Present  •Identify and execute projects for systemic issues in response to customer feedback regarding Global  Business Solutions migrations with the overall goal of improving baselined Net Promoter scores (NPS).  •Drive insights from customer survey responses through the utilization of data analytics tools  •Drive the ability to incorporate text analytics for survey verbatim data to gain more understanding of data  •Utilize continuous improvement methodologies (such as DMAIC and Six Sigma) in order to provide  opportunities to improve overall customer satisfaction  •Interface with IT in order to help drive strategic objectives from a technology perspective  •Develop roadmap for team in order to fulfill strategic objectives IT Project Manager General Motors - Detroit, MI June 2017 to February 2019 GM) Company  Operational Excellence Management Site Upgrade  Global Corporate Functions (GCF), Detroit, MI | June 2017 - February 2019  •Redesigned OpEx Management site which is used to run GM's operation functions more efficiently resulting  in $5B worth of business savings for the organization.  •Leads initiative that provide automatic data entry, enhanced user navigation, improved accuracy and integrity, and added meta data for enhanced search capability to OpEx site using AGILE.  •Established interface for the Enterprise Company Vehicle Management System (eCVMS) to receive OnStar  mileage data in order to strategically analyze company vehicle car use. This would result in an annual  business savings of $27 million over three years.  •Manages project team with daily sprint meetings to ensure alignment on application development.  •Completed in-depth analysis of requirements in a client-facing role for business optimization projects.  •Developed a three-year roadmap to strategically forecast future enhancements and OpEx products.  •Established Power BI as a mechanism to perform robust data analytics capability. Operational Excellence Leader General Motors - Detroit, MI June 2017 to December 2018 GM) Company  GCF Level 3 Problem Record Reconciliation  Global Corporate Functions (GCF), Detroit, MI | June 2017 - December 2018  •Led initiatives that provided a way to efficiently reduce the amount of open problem tickets by 25% utilizing  analysis from baselined metrics.  •Completed in-depth analysis of data in Minitab to improve baselined business process from accurate data.  •Implemented Lean Principles such as the DMAIC methodology for continuous improvement to enhance  current processes and tools.  •Implemented five solutions resulting in $2M savings by reducing over 10k unnecessary work hours.    PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE CONTINUED (PAGE 2)  IT Business Analyst - General Motors (GM) Company  American Express (AMEX) Profile & Booking Tool Upgrade Peer Mentor Wayne State University - Detroit, MI August 2017 to December 2017 •Guided 15+ students in the development of professional skills and strategies pertaining to a Business  environment.  •Hosted weekly breakout sessions where I instructed and assigned activities to students to aid in their  professional development.  •Developed weekly reports on each student to monitor their progress and provided advice and assistance  in areas of improvement. GM GCF - Detroit, MI January 2013 to June 2017 Detroit, MI | January 2013 - June 2017  •Gathered over 100 user stories in a client-facing role for a project to upgrade American Express (AMEX)  Profile and Booking Tool to meet GM Security & Compliance Standards for SAML Single Sign On  (User Base - 200,000+ GM Salaried and Hourly Employees)  •Utilized Oracle SQL Developer to execute queries to perform data validation.  •Performed necessary smoke and regression testing as well as UAT to validate and gain signoff for functionality.    Medgate Upgrade from Version 6 to GX2  •Served as an Interface Business Analyst to upgrade Medgate Health Management System (COTS solution)  through gathering and prioritizing 300+ detailed requirements from the medical team.  •Created over 300 use cases that illustrated the process of the system for the developers and test team.  •Analyzed Data using Oracle SQL and Microsoft SQL Server and completed data mapping that included 50+    Global Reporting Investigation Tool (GRIT) Enhancement Project  •Redesigned UI and function for GM's Global Reporting Investigation Tool (GRIT) that manages incidents  occurring at GM facilities globally to meet regulatory requirements  (User Base - 5,000+ GM Employees, 500 GM Security Personnel).  •Created and developed 30 requirements for the GRIT application from Global Security team (client-facing).  •Coordinated user acceptance test sessions with the business for each individual sprint.    Visitor Management Kiosk deployment enhancement  •Spearheaded a project (using Waterfall methodology) to deploy the Visitor Management Module and six  Visitor Management Kiosks at the GM World Headquarters for Global Security (client-facing) resulting in  $520,000 of Annual Business Savings  (User Base - 1,000+ daily GM Employees, 100+ GM Security Personnel).  •Created and analyzed 50+ requirements for brand new COTS solution.  •Developed 100+ tests cases and performed UAT for configuration changes to the system.    ACADEMIC EXPERIENCE Education BBA in Management Info Mike Ilitch School of Business May 2019 MBA in Info Systems Wayne State University The University of Georgia Skills PMP, Sql Server