Front-End Web Developer | Digital Marketing Front-End Web Developer | Digital Marketing Bronx, NY I’m self-motivated web developer of over 7 year’s work experience in information technology, I am passionate and hardworking with solution-driven in a highly collaborative work environment, I focus on conceptualized web | mobile application development and digital marketing that add real value experience, where opportunities for career growth provides innovative service through undiluted passion for excellence and creativity across different user friendly, API’s, third-party integrations and databases. Work Experience Front-End Web Developer | Digital Marketing Kingsbrook Technology (Freelance) - Fort Worth, TX June 2019 to Present ?      Worked closely with lead web developer and operational manager to complete short- and long-term web projects using WordPress, HTML, CSS Bootstrap and JavaScript  ?      Develop, implement and updates effective social media and email campaign strategies with welcome autopilot correspondences  ?      Directed successful SEO and link-building campaign to increase website credibility and drive traffic  ?      Preformed in-depth competitor reviews to check competitor activities with ad placement, keyword usage, landing pages  ?      Collaborating with graphic designers and editorial team on content marketing materials   ?      Leveraged tools such as npm and visual studio core to create, build tasks to automate and optimize where possible Front-End Web Developer | Digital Marketing Technerd Digital Solutions - Lagos State August 2017 to April 2019 ?      Develop and maintain website pages using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Joomla, WordPress and Bootstrap  ?      Built, implemented and updated effective social media campaign strategies, devised email marketing and welcome autopilot correspondences  ?      Directed successful SEO and link-building campaign to increase website credibility and drive traffic  ?      Preformed in-depth competitor reviews to check competitor activities with ad placement, keyword usage, landing pages  ?      Collaborating with graphic designers and editorial team on content marketing materials  IT Project Manager Mega Solutions and Technologies - Lagos State February 2010 to May 2017 ?      Prepares and analyzes financial statement, monthly payroll and budgets  ?      Ensured quality of internal and external client-oriented documentation  ?      Supervise and assist in data entries input for state government on educational score sheets (WAEC)  ?      Coordinated with team members to plan, develop, align and execute strategies that would meet client’s vision, mission and purpose  ?      Ensured successful technical upgrade projects for clients by collaborating with computer engineers and developers for integrations  ?      Worked closely with lead web developer and editorial team on content marketing   Skills Website Design (4 years), Search Engine Optimization (3 years), Digital Marketing (3 years), Data Entry (8 years), Project Management (8 years), Web Development (3 years), Content Management (5 years) Assessments Data Entry — Proficient July 2019 Entering data quickly and accurately. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/igm7v-zptlstooic Critical Thinking — Familiar July 2019 Using logic to solve problems. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/u6yxtj0jwaejcu-8 Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.