Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager - Advance America Greer, SC Work Experience Project Manager Advance America - Spartanburg, SC May 2016 to Present Work collaboratively with customers, stakeholders, and end users to negotiate requirements and alignment  ? After creating the project charter, determine the appropriate methodology for project execution (Waterfall or Agile)  ? Refine and estimate product requirements with teams, provide guidance for sprint events, and mentor others on Agile best practices  ? Serve as the SME for the management of projects involving regulatory/compliance/audit initiatives  ? Managed the execution and completion of the company's CFPB audit; which is an independent audit overseen by the US government that analyzes the company's operations and budget  ? Use Project Management tools (Innotas/MS Project) to track resource allocation/capacity, tasks, budget, and performance; which are used to report status, deployment impediments, risk mitigation, and change management  ? Facilitate team meetings that are used as the basis for backlog items, weekly communications to the team, and other cross-functional collaboration goals  ? Actively manage resources based on individual strengths, skill sets, and experience levels (onshore and offshore resources)  ? Incorporate team-building activities to strengthen team cohesiveness, in order to influence desired outcomes  ? Initiate and manage change management activities  ? As part of closing activities, send surveys (via SurveyMonkey) and conduct Lessons Learned to capture strengths/weaknesses during the project's lifecycle Business Engineer Advance America - Spartanburg, SC July 2015 to May 2016 Work with various Business Units and cross-functional groups to implement/enhance new products for the purpose of integrating business and technology for product, process, and people innovations  ? Develop scope documents/business cases, project plans and schedules, test plans, test scenarios, business requirements, processes/procedures, and process flows  ? Perform gap analysis and cost-benefit analysis of in-house development versus purchasing a cloud-based solution  ? Assist with User Acceptance and Quality Assurance to confirm product performance, and ensure that all business requirements have been properly captured  ? Work with field employees and the training department to develop and deliver the training of new products prior to deployment  ? Post deployment, conduct follow-up sessions to review the effectiveness of the products' processes and procedures as it relates to the implementation of the business solution Functional Analyst Michelin - Greenville, SC April 2014 to July 2015 Analyze/identify the needs of the business, and gather the requirements of the system to include: functional and non-functional requirements, business rules, and the user interfaces and the application's graphical interface  ? Design the logic required in the application to implement the business process, while also defining integration procedures and information flows  ? Work with the business to determine the validity of the upgrade request process (construct and implement upgrades from a functional standpoint)  ? Serve as lead deployment analyst during the application's deployment phase  ? Serve as SME/level 3 support for resolution of incidents for the deployed application  ? Manage projects that are determined as an immediate need by the Steering Committee/PMO when other PM's are at full capacity  ? Board member of the company's IS Diversity Group; ERG that coordinates efforts in employee recruiting/retention activities, innovation solutions, and representation of a diverse population within all North American IT departments Operations Manager W.L. Trucking - Taylors, SC July 2013 to April 2014 Monitor operations to ensure that staff members comply with administrative policies and procedures, safety rules, and government regulations  ? Review financial statements, utilize financial data to improve profitability, prepare/control operational budgets, and audit/control inventory  ? Plan effective strategies for the financial well-being of the company (acquired FEMA contract that enabled company to increase fleet from 8 trucks to 11 trucks)  ? Organize recruitment and placement of drivers  ? Create action plans and KPI's to ensure drivers meet SLA per customers' contract  ? Establish organizational structure, delegate tasks and accountabilities, establish work schedules, and monitor/evaluate performance for annual review IT Administrator ITT Exelis - Greenville, SC December 2010 to April 2013 Using a US government Secret Security Clearance, manage all the company's technological needs (hardware, software, networking, data storage, disaster recovery)  ? Manage the development/implementation of the Finance database that reflects cost analysis, employees' salaries, billable items, and etc using MS Access  ? Create/approve Purchase Orders and Requisitions, submit Statements of Work and Requests for Proposals  ? Create, maintain, and update IT inventory database, perform internal IT auditing for SOX compliance, and track leases for end of lifecycle  ? Manage the migration of company's email and domain; migrate all project employees' email accounts to a new server, and switch/join users to the new Active Directory domain  ? Facilitate training employees on newly implemented systems, software, and processes  ? Manage 2 technicians based in Afghanistan, that handle tier I & II issues in the field  ? Verify/approve time cards, conduct performance reviews, and administer disciplinary action when needed Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Science University of South Carolina - Columbia, SC December 1999