IT Project Coordinator <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> Coordinator Sales Associate/Device Technician Springdale, AR Passionate brand ambassador with 5+ years of experience. Successfully developed skills including marketing and communication to improve upon the company's goal and mission, increasing transaction numbers and establishing rapport for multiple companies. Work Experience IT Project Coordinator Mercy Hospital and Medical Center - Rogers, AR July 2019 to Present Tasked with preparing, moving, assembling, installing, configuring, and optimizing all new IT and hospital equipment from the Mercy hospital located in Rogers to the new Springdale location. Sales/Repair Technician Puls - Fayetteville, AR September 2018 to June 2019 Assist Walmart customers. Sell and promote the brand of PULS to the customers assisted. Upsell customers on repairs and services in order to meet daily, weekly, and monthly goals. Repair cell phones, tablets, computers, and general electronics. IT Specialist Benton County Government - Bentonville, AR April 2018 to June 2018 Responsible for managing all the multimedia solutions for evening meetings, held on-site and off-site  meetings for the Quorum Court and other sponsored County departments. When not supporting these  meetings, responsible for assisting the department with trouble calls and projects. Client Service Technician Tier 2 Support.com - Fort Wayne, IN August 2017 to April 2018 Actively listen to customer needs and offer appropriate education of products and services to prevent churn.  Educate customers in the use of installed products, service offerings, billing, charges, and product features.  Troubleshoot and resolve service and technical problems using remote control tools with PC/MAC and tablet. PC Specialist Grace Computers - Fort Wayne, IN October 2017 to January 2018 Did sales with computers and accessories. Putting together layouts of custom build computers for customers and constructing builds for those customers as well. Device and computer repair and logging notes and status of the repair. Did on site repair as well. Sales Manager T-Mobile - Fort Wayne, IN June 2017 to October 2017 Driving sales and adding extras to each sale. Encouraging and coaching my team to do the same. Creating bundles with each new activation. Accessories, additional lines, and additional plan features. Helping customers with technical support, and solving all their overall needs. Head Mobile Technician Performance PC - Columbia City, IN December 2016 to June 2017 Diagnosed and fixed all cell phones and tablets that customers brought in. In charge of purchasing and ordering parts and equipment. Also worked on computers and did on-sites. Manager Boost Mobile - Fort Wayne, IN June 2016 to June 2017 Managing sales and associates, making sure each store had the best numbers it could. Worked to improve customer satisfaction and retention. Sales Associate/Device Technician A Plus Computers - Fort Wayne, IN November 2015 to July 2016 Did sales with computers and accessories. Putting together layouts of custom build computers for customers. Device and computer repair and logging notes and status of the repair. Did on site repair as well. Senior Sales Consultant Technology Office Depot - Fort Wayne, IN August 2013 to January 2016 Freight, sales, cross selling, recommending services and plans for devices, janitorial duties, cashier, and frequent tech duties such as computer repair and diagnostics along with answering questions about computers and explaining the differences between multiple computers. Education Associates in Computer Science Ivy Tech community college June 2015 to January 2016 High school or equivalent R Nelson Snider High School June 2012 to June 2015 Skills Sales (3 years), Social Media Marketing (1 year), Social Media Management (1 year), Active Directory, Service Desk, Desktop Support, MAC, Help Desk, Customer Service, Electrical, Maintenance, Excel Certifications/Licenses Social Media Marketing Services and Principals July 2017 to Present Certification that I have completed and passed a course by Tai Lopez and the Knowledge Society on social media marketing and management.