Analyst Consultant Analyst Consultant Analyst Consultant - VendPrint, Inc Austin, TX ? Project Management ? Human Resources  ? Business Analysis ? Recruiting & Onboarding  ? Process Improvement ? Scheduling/ Coordination  ? Documentation ? Team Building  ? Flowcharts ? Motivation  ? Database Design ? Mentoring  ? Data Validation ? Customer Service  ? Reporting ? Vendor Management  ? System Analysis ? Sales  ? SQL ? Networking Work Experience Analyst Consultant VendPrint, Inc 2017 to Present Renew client contracts, pricing quotes & negotiation, creating renewal key  codes.  ? Verify and track billable hours for contractors on a per client basis  ? Create and generate on-demand reports including: current client contact info  and renewal dates for sales purposes, total yearly revenue for profit  calculation, list by type of client for market analysis, etc.  ? Performed cost benefit analysis on CRM and accounting systems  ? Designed database with data via Zoho documenting customer contact  information, reminder tasks for follow-up calls, invoicing, etc. Project Manager Grand View University - Des Moines, IA 2017 to 2017 Service Learning Project, sponsored by The Project Management Institute's  Collaborate 2 Succeed program for an Iowa non- profit organization  Created a Volunteer Tracking System that included an online application feeding to a database, a password protected reporting dashboard with list of volunteers by  criteria, contact information, and administration screen for updating volunteer  information and status. Utilized existing Azure, cloud infrastructure, SQL Server  and related technologies, resulting in zero of the <up> allotted budget.  ? Led a team of eight through informal agile/ rapid development software  development project  ? Planned all aspects of the project and created: scope, schedule, resources, functionality, testing, training and implementation documents  ? Created plan documents: Project Charter, Scope, and Work Breakdown  Structure, and gathered requirements  ? Managed stakeholder expectations in regards to time-frame and scope.  ? Gathered and documented reporting requirements and then worked with the database team to create SQL statements for the reporting tool  ? Facilitated weekly progress report and final implementation meetings.  ? Coached and motivated individual team members, provided resources, and encouraged teamwork</up> IT Recruiter & Account Manager Technology branch of Peoplelink Staffing - Urbandale, IA 2015 to 2016 Facilitated placement for IT and software development projects  ? Cultivated new business with managers developed through networking and reference checks  ? Searched internal and external resume databases, reviewed content, and stored  profiles to the applicant tracking system, Bullhorn  ? Conducted interviews via telephone, in-office, off-site, and via video chat  ? Coordinated client/candidate interview, negotiated pay, and conveyed offers  ? Gained valuable knowledge from training in the areas of: Project life cycle, Software Development Life Cycle, Agile and Waterfall methodologies Staffing Coordinator Portico Staffing - West Des Moines, IA 2014 to 2015 Searched resume databases, reviewed, and uploaded resumes to ATS system, Ultra-Staff  ? Conducted telephone screens, scheduled meet & greet, interviewed candidates  ? Prepared reference and background checks  ? Coordinated client/candidate interview, negotiate pay, and conveyed offers  ? Completed on-boarding and paperwork including benefits and employment  expectations  ? Built relationships with clients, conducted client visits, and completed quality  control calls  ? One-time winner of the quarterly, You Kicked Butt award Aftermarket Sales Specialist Dewey Dodge - Ankeny, IA 2012 to 2013 Conducted face-to-face sales of Mopar and 3rd party aftermarket products  ? Negotiated rates  ? Coordinated appointments and approved purchase orders for internal  departments and outsourced vendors Customer Service Rep III West Des Moines, IA 2007 to 2012 Processed loans, withdrawals, transfers, checkbook orders, and beneficiary  changes  ? Chosen to represent 200 people in the customer service department Document  Consolidation Team. Condensed forms from seven lines of business, considering  differences in hundreds of Life and Annuity products and system limitations  ? Created the de-escalation line; took complicated calls transferred from team  members regarding life insurance and annuities  ? Documented processes, created cheat sheets and flowcharts  ? Two-time employee of the month Education Bachelor of Arts in Management Information Systems in Business Analysis Grand View University - Des Moines, IA AA and AS Liberal Arts degrees in Liberal Arts degrees Des Moines Area Community College - Des Moines, IA