Sr. Scrum Master- Google Data Centers Sr. Scrum Master- Google Data Centers Sr. Scrum Master- Google Data Centers - Google Inc Work Experience Sr. Scrum Master- Google Data Centers Google Inc - Sunnyvale, CA 2018 to Present AODocsWork Notification Project, EAM Maximo Asset Management  Google Data Centers are the magic behind what makes much of Google really work. Google has been on the forefront of developing new rich service supportive network designs largely because of their guiding vision of seeing The Datacenter as a Computer. Google Cloud Platform is built on a datacenter network infrastructure that supports Google's scale, performance, and availability.  • As Scrum Master for Work Notification Project responsible for maintaining the current Work Notifications Tools Platform at all data center sites, while simultaneously collecting, massaging and migrating all user'sdata to one unified Tool platform with a consistent end-to-end process that meets all System requirements for the web, mobile and Google Cloud technology platforms.  • Successfully planned and implemented the AODocsWork Notification system by conductingUser Acceptance Testing (UAT), User Training and Pilots globally across all Global data center sites.  • Working on ServiceNowintegration of SecOps with the Data Center technologies to be able to make sure the Google Data Centers are secured against any external interferences and data security and integrity is maintained for the customer data and proper alert mechanisms are in place.  • Configured and customized the AODocs Work Notification system as per Google's business requirements to meet the specific 14 data centers and organization wide standard enterprise solution by facilitatingRelease Planning, Sprint Planning and Retrospective meetings.  • Working on Google's CMMS tool and Enterprise Asset Management (EAM) tool called Maximo on various projects related to Asset data management and Integration with other systems to enhance operational excellence and maintain smooth interrelation between the various tools at the Data Center Operations for Google Cloud technologies.  • Worked closely with project owner in backlog groomingand continuous delivery of features and addressed issues through risk management and contingency planning. Los Angeles Department of Water & Power - Los Angeles, CA 2017 to December 2017 Los Angeles, CAApril 2017 - Dec 2017 = 8 months  Sr. Project Manager /Lead Data Analyst - Class Action Lawsuit Settlement -Oracle CC&B Claims Processing  The Los Angeles Department of Water and Power (LADWP) is the largest municipal utility in the United States, serving over four million residents. It was founded in 1902 to supply water to residents and businesses in Los Angeles and surrounding communities and started to deliver electricity since 1917.  • As a Project Manager for Class Action Lawsuit Settlement Project responsible for coordination, managing, coaching and mentoring the new claims analyst team to understand the very complex world of class action lawsuit and its implications and the various rules and regulations for claims processing.  • As Lead Data Analyst was responsible for researching, analyzing, documenting and updating the claims data on the KCC claims portal with respect to the research and analysis of the findings of customer's claims data.  • AsOracle Customer Care and Billing (CC&B) Project Manager have extensive hands on experience in data analytics, data validation and verification of customer profiles, billing information, cancel & rebilling, various rate plans information for Residential and Commercial customers.  • Understanding and documenting billing history, meter reads customer contact notes, meter-to-cash functions such as billing, rates, credits and collections to process the customer's claims after validating with information in Oracle CC&B.Extensively researching CC&B Control Central, Cases, Field Investigations and Field Activities, Account & financial activity history etc.  • Working on MDM (Meter Data Management) and MWM (Mobile Workforce Management) applications to update and closeout the pending Field Activities, Start/Stop Meter, Meter Exchanges by reviewing data analysis and data flow across these systems. Scrum Master/PMO Project Manager Pacific Gas & Electric - San Francisco, CA 2016 to March 2017 Residential Rate Reform, High Usage & Tier Collapse, TOU Pilot  PG&E has been providing energy to California for over 150 years. Its portfolio comprises of Electric, Gas and Solar and has been recognized as one the world's leader in Utility companies with 4.5 million customers in Northern California. Residential Rate Reform initiative is to make Californians more informed about the energy options out there for them and help them pick the best residential rate plan.  • As a PMO Project Manager for Residential Rate Mailer, High Usage Surcharge and Tier Collapse, TOU Pilot was responsible for creating and maintaining project plan schedules, milestones, track tasks list and update timeline by discussing with work stream leads and managing realistic schedule expectations.  • As Scrum Master involved in data analytics, data validation and verification of customer profiles, billing information, and rate plans information including current rate plan, new TOU rate plans and Integration across various applications like Oracle Customer Care and Billing (CC&B) system, OPower, Kubra, GridX, Tableau, MDM (Meter Data Management) applications.  • Understand and document the end to end billing process flows, meter-to-cash functions such billing, rates, credits and collections to generate the Rate Mailer Onsert on top of the bills being sent out to customers as per their billing cycles in Oracle CC&B.  • As part of the PMO, prepared and updated the Tableau Daily Dashboard and Metrics for the Residential Rate Mailer project to provide updates to the Senior Management with the daily number of bill prints, onserts sent, emails sent, clicks, bounce backs for wave 1 and 2, number of rate changes, number of calls received by the Call Center etc.  • Working on the Oracle CC&B database, created SQL queries to identify the winners, losers and neutral customers as a target population to receive the rate comparisons on the Onsert and email population. Performed forecasting analysis for how many of the target population will change to Time of Use (TOU) rate plans. Scrum Master Gap Inc - San Francisco, CA June 2015 to May 2016 ServiceNow Outage as a Service (OaaS), Peak Capacity Planning  Gap Corporation is one of the world's biggest retail clients. Its portfolio comprises of brands like Gap, Banana republic, Old Navy, Athleta and Intermix. Outage as a Service (OaaS) manages all the planned outage across GapTech and streamlines communication process across the organization regarding the planned outages.  • Working in conjunction with the ITIL v3 Standards and ITSM best practices and compliance with the Operations Change Management and Agile Project Teams supported the Outage as a Service and Peak Capacity Planning projects.  • As a Scrum Master for Outage as a Service (OaaS)facilitated Daily Scrum Meetings and Monthly Reviews meetings. Conducted sprint retrospective and followed up on action items for continuous improvement.  • Created and managed ServiceNow Change Management System for the combined Infrastructure teams for Stores and Online support Business and IT Teams within GapTech Operations.  • As ServiceNow Scrum Master worked with IT Infrastructure teams, business application owners and other stakeholders to plan, schedule and communicate for all planned outages, project releases and communication across the organization.  • Working on Peak Capacity Planning Project is responsible to make sure that all critical applications across GAP were ready to meet the estimated projections for the peak season by meeting all the load traffic, performance speed and warehouse inventory at the distribution centers for the holiday season.  • Managed and coordinated all planned outages in the Network, Telecom, UNIX, Windows, Linux, Storage, Data Centers, Fulfillment Centers, Stores and Websites across all the brands within GAP on a daily, weekly and monthly basis by coordinating approvals, managing timeline schedules, communicating to all parties across the business to have minimal impact to the business.  • Performed forecasting analysis for the current year's Sales numbers using the historical data information from the Sales and Trends data warehouse application using Tableau.  • Worked on JIRA for all the requirement management, user stories, development tracking, and statusreporting on the various project status, sprint statuses and accurate metrics reporting. Scrum Master/ IT Project Manager - SAP Successfactors Succession Chevron Corporation 2013 to May 2015 Learning, Performance Management System  Chevron Corporation is one of the world's most integrated energy companies. They are involved in virtually every facet of the energy industry. Chevron's Succession Management system would manage the planning for the critical job positions in the company.  • Implemented and deployed SAP Successfactors Succession and Learning ManagementERPapplication modules by collaborating with members of the Product, Business and Engineering Teams to develop and maintain Product Backlogs.As a Scrum Master for the Succession Management & Learning Management Integration projects, conducted and managed the end-to-end vendor selection process through Request for Proposal (RFP) and Proof of Concept (POC) with 3 SaaS vendors: Saba, Peoplefluent and Successfactors for the succession management project.  • Worked on HR data security requirements like Single Sign on (SSO) with Workday HCMandSAPSuccessfactors solution to protect the HR data in accordance with privacy laws and data sensitivity and HR data privacy compliance and data security regulations.  • Developed, designed and documented the HR and Payroll interface feeds to carry the standard Employee information to Successfactors from Workday HCM application across Chevron Corporation.  • As Scrum Master put together the executive summary presentations for the Senior Management Decision Board Meetings (DRB) at the phase gate by working with the stakeholders, third party vendors and project team members.  • Responsible for conducting and scheduling UX Usability Testing, User Acceptance Testing, Technical Testing, Performance Testing, Quality Control of the product system.  • Using the Chevron's Project Development and Execution Process (CPDEP) successfully managed the various phases of the project by managing project scope on schedule and under budget.  • Created Pilot Disaster Recovery plan, cutover schedule plan, Training and deployment plan for the succession Go-live and Pilot phase of the project.  • Coached team members on Agile processes and facilitated scrum planning meetings and retrospectives. Maintained task board and produced daily burn down charts. Scrum Master/Business Analyst - Succession Management United Technologies Corporation 2008 to November 2012 Incentive planning, Savings Plan Transition, BA7 Pension Interface, Tuition Reimbursement, Learning Management, EV4/ESS Upgrade  United Technologies Corporation was composed of Eight Business Units and the Corporate HR manages & operates the HR applications company wide. Employee Self Service (ESS) is UTC's internal self-built and maintained system for the HR community.  • Worked on Employee Self Service (ESS) platform as a Scrum Master for various Enterprise HR applications including Succession Planning, Incentive Planning, Performance Feedback, Employee Scholar Program and Pension Benefit System, ESS andPeopleSoftEnterprise upgrade to Workday HCM Application.  • Managed the HR benefits projects impacted by Acquisitions and Divestiture, Mergers, Re-Organization impacting the HR systems and employee benefits of United Technologies.  • Facilitatedsprint planning, daily scrums, retrospectives, stakeholder meetings, and software demonstrations to get approval from the business after each sprint cycle.  • As a Business Analyst for other HR projects like EHRO Pension Interface project, gathered the requirements on HR and Payroll Interface feeds by working with Project Team members from 8 Business Units. Interacted with SME's to gather and finalize the Business Requirements through interviews, surveys, prototyping using Agile methodologies and Rapid Application Development (RAD) of UI (User Interface) of the existing Employee Self Service and Enterprise system.  • As Employee Scholar Program (ESP) and SAP Successfactors Learning Management System Reporting Business analyst, designed, documented and developed various reports and dashboards using Microsoft HRBI application and gathered requirements for Standard reports.  • Defined the system requirements using the UML methodologies to create, User Stories, Data Flow diagrams, screen mocks ups, Swim lane diagrams, process maps using MS Visio for Value Stream mapping.  • Removed impediments and protected team members from interruptions and distractions to maximize productivity. Encouraged and implemented process improvements. Created team-building opportunities. Business Analyst/Systems Analyst Dun & Bradstreet - Short Hills, NJ May 2007 to December 2007 Authoria Compensation and Salary Planning  Dun & Bradstreet is the leading source of commercial information and insight on businesses for information regarding Global Risk, Credit, Sales and Marketing & Supplier Management Solutions worldwide. Authoria Compensation & Salary planning project entails the customization, configuration and implementation of the Authoria Hosted Software modules that have been purchased by Dun & Bradstreet. These modules are designed to be used by U.S. team leaders across business lines to perform compensation analysis and modeling for its salary planning.  • Worked extensively with SME's from HR Compensation team, HR managers,Finance Managers in understanding and documenting their requirements pertaining to salary planning, reporting & security.  • Conducted JRP sessions and JAD sessions with End User Community and the IT Community ensuring that the software addressed all business needs.  • Created Use Case Diagrams, Activity Diagrams, Sequence Diagrams, process flows describing how actions are to be carried out, created Business flow diagrams in MS Visio using Unified modeling language (UML) and Rational Unified Processing (RUP) methodology.  • Documented, gathered business requirements and translated into functional and nonfunctional requirements to be used as input to the functional design specifications for HR/payroll interface from PeopleSoft HCMsystem. Business Analyst/Systems Analyst Orange County Assessors Dept - Orange County, CA, US August 2006 to April 2007 Orange County Assessors Department at the Department Of Taxation, Orange County, CA processes business property tax statements filed by the businesses in the county. The new Business Property Statement Valuation (BPSV- Statewide) system will overcome the limitations of the SDR tool by providing more functionality, usability and provide a robust user-centered design and controls.  • Partnered with the Assessor's business team (Roll Support, Business Property) to understand the business processes, workflow and performed Business Process Re-engineering.  • Conducted Gap Analysis to derive requirements for existing system enhancements to ensure a timely and effective implementation as per business property tax regulations.  • Assisted the PM in managing documentation deliverables such as Business Rules Document, Workflow Diagrams, Use Cases Document, Test Scenarios and Test Cases.  • Designed the presentation and UX user interface screens of the application for the better understanding of look-n-feel requirements of the application for the customers and developers.  • Conducted User Acceptance Testing (UAT) and collaborated with the QA team to develop the test plans, test scenarios, test cases, test data to be used in testing based on business requirements, technical specifications and/or product knowledge.  • Developed and executed Test cases and test scripts as per Functional Specifications of the application. Documented test/cases, test results, test procedure, reported to client using JIRA Issue Tracker. Education Masters in Computers Information Science in MCIS Cleveland State University College of Business June 2003 Masters in Computer Application in Computer Application Bhavnagar University - Gujarat, IN February 1999 Skills GAP ANALYSIS, RUP, DATA MODELING, MAPPING, MS ACCESS Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILL SET:  Business Tools: Rational Suite, MS Visio, Crystal Report, MS Project, JIRA, Google Suite, Smartsheets  Operating Systems: Windows XP/2000/NT/98/95, UNIX, Linux, DOS  Languages & Tools: C, C++, Java, J2EE, Java Script, VB Script, VB.NET, ASP.NET, HTML,XML, SQL  Data Bases: MS-SQL Server, MS Access, SAPHCM, SAP Successfactors, Workday, Oracle, PeopleSoft, SharePoint  Testing Tools: Win runner, Quick Test Pro, Test Director, Issue Tracker  Modeling Packages: MS office Suite, Adobe Acrobat, Adobe Photo Shop, Dream Weaver  Business Skills: Business Requirement Definition, Business Process Mapping, data modeling  Object Oriented Analysis & design, GAP Analysis, RUP, Agile, and Scrum