Regional Desktop Support Technician Regional Desktop Support Technician IT Professional, Jack of All Trades Troy, IL I am a positive, consistent, well rounded individual who is results-driven and possess a strong desire for success. I am looking for a company that rewards hard work and dedication. Attitude and Aptitude are at the forefront of my strengths. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Regional Desktop Support Technician Polsinelli PC - St. Louis, MO August 2017 to Present • Maintain system documentation, requirements and procedures.  • Ticketing system monitoring, ticket assignment and escalation.  • Provide deskside service in a prompt and efficient manner.  • Troubleshoot networks, systems and applications.   • Author and update kb articles Senior Technical Lead, Peak Systems contracted Meridian Medical Technologies/Pfizer - St. Louis, MO April 2015 to August 2017 • Asset Manager for roughly 600 shared pc's and laptops.  • Perform the day-to-day systems administration tasks for Meridian.  • Maintain system documentation, requirements and procedures.  • Conduct ticketing system monitoring, ticket assignment and performance tuning.  • Troubleshoot networks, systems and applications.  • Respond to user requests as well as prioritize, track, report and analyze requests, assist users, create and maintain user training and help documentation, troubleshoot and diagnose problems.  • KB author Project Manager The Click Depot - Raleigh, NC March 2013 to April 2014 Maintain contact with current, new, and prospective clients through phone, email, in person correspondence.  ? Maintain websites by whole site redesigns, adding new pages and content, graphic design  ? Monitoring rankings on Google, Yahoo, and Bing.  ? Create, implement, and maintain ranking dashboards, Google AdWords, SEO, and Link-building campaigns.  ? Maintain CRM (Worketc, Podio). I recommended and lead the migration from Worketc to Podio which saved the company over $2000/yr. I also created all the workflows we used in Podio. Migration/ IT Support Express Employment Pros - Horace Mann - Springfield, IL October 2012 to February 2013 Unbox, determine software needs, build, image, deploy, and support new PC's for end-users (just under 1200 users).  ? Test new software products and evaluate ease of use and potential benefits  ? Resolve trouble tickets via email, phone, and desk side support. Assisted with asset management.  ? Resolve software problems that are referred by first level help desk support.  ? Train end users on Windows XP/7 functionality and the functionality of their specific applications in the new environment. Business Application Specialist Express Employment Pros - Wells Fargo - Springfield, IL March 2012 to July 2012 Answer multi-line phone system and resolve client issues.  ? Test and report any web application issues to the developers and assist in fixes.  ? Resolve trouble tickets via email, phone, and desk side support. Resolve software problems that are referred by first level help desk support.  ? Maintain user accounts, security administration, and application protocols by developing and implementing training documentation. Technical Support Intern LRS - Springfield, IL May 2011 to October 2011 Support end users with navigation and operation of our football scouting software through phone and email correspondence.  ? Receive calls from end users having computer and work file problems.  ? Test applications for bugs, reported directly to the developers, and assisted with the resolve.  ? Assist with Building and maintaining MBX and Rourke servers.  ? Talk with programmers to explain software errors or to recommend changes to programs  ? Train new clients via telephone and WebEx on the fundamentals and some advanced features of the software. Education Associate in Computer Programming University of Phoenix 2012 Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/brad-sherwood-a91216141/ Additional Information SKILLS  Installing, upgrading, and troubleshooting hardware, software, and networking equipment, Microsoft Windows, Microsoft Office, Microsoft SharePoint, Adobe software, Lotus Notes Domino Administrator, Active Directory, SCCM, Group Policy, Microsoft Exchange, Asset Management, VMware, Microsoft Windows Server