IT Solution Delivery Consultant <span class="hl">IT</span> Solution Delivery Consultant Salesforce Certified / Project Manager / Agile Leader / Business Analyst / Solutions Architect | PMP, PMI-ACP, PMI-PBA, PSM, PSPO, PAL Newark, DE Certified Project Management Professional, Agile Practitioner and Leader, Business Analyst, Scrum Master, Product Owner and Salesforce Professional with 12+ years of experience in operations and managing business and IT projects. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Solution Delivery Consultant DuPont April 2019 to Present • Accountable for the successful delivery of solutions project management and oversight of IT partners  • Gather business and functional requirements, by scoping, defining, and prioritizing requirements.  • Map functional requirements to Salesforce.com features and functionality.   • Ensure the successful transition of solutions to the Service Delivery organization. Associate Manager, Business & Integration Architecture Accenture - Philadelphia, PA August 2018 to April 2019 • Serve as Solution Architect and Application Lead for major Salesforce.com implementation.  • Manage a team of developers and QA test analysts.  • Map business, functional and technical requirements to Salesforce.com features and functionality.  • Lead effort to design, build and configure applications while acting as the primary point of contact.  Vice President, Program Manager JPMORGAN & CO - Newark, DE March 2018 to August 2018 • Served as the Program Manager for Robotics, 871m, and Value Added Tax programs.  • Manage a team of Business Analysts and Project Managers and provide coaching as needed.  • Streamlined process for developing key program metrics and scorecard presentations.  • Delivery of Custody Tax report automation that streamlined reporting, removed manual processes Vice President, Sr. Project Manager/Business Analyst - Enterprise Information Technology WELLS FARGO SECURITIES - Charlotte, NC October 2013 to March 2018 • Served as the Project lead for the development of the IBCM Salesforce.com iPad mobile application.  • Led Scrum activities for Salesforce.com monthly release and development activities.  • Salesforce.com Administration duties for approximately 1500 users  • Successful development and production release of IBCM Mobile Salesforce.com application. MIS Business Analyst Manager JPMORGAN & CO - Newark, DE August 2011 to September 2013 • Supervision of a team of MIS Business Analyst professionals in production of key business metrics.  • Production of daily, weekly, and monthly reports highlighting trends in key business areas.  • Standardized metrics across operation locations. Education Master of Business Administration in Finance DELAWARE STATE UNIVERSITY 2007 Skills UAT, Business Analysis, Solution Architect, Salesforce, Agile, Scrum, Project Management Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) December 2017 to December 2023 Professional Scrum Master (PSM I) Present Professional Scrum Product Owner (PSPO I) Present Six Sigma Green Belt Certified (SSGBC) Present Agile Certified Practitioner (PMI-ACP) February 2018 to February 2024 Salesforce.com Certified Administrator July 2018 to Present Salesforce Certified Platform App Builder July 2018 to Present Salesforce Certified Sales Cloud Consultant July 2018 to Present Salesforce Certfied Service Cloud Consultant July 2018 to Present Professional in Business Analysis (PMI-PBA) September 2018 to September 2021 Professional Agile Leadership (PAL I) December 2018 to Present Salesforce.com Certified Advanced Administrator July 2019 to Present Salesforce Certified Platform Developer I August 2019 to Present Additional Information • Strong ability to manage agile and waterfall projects and apply core concepts, methodologies and perform all necessary tasks and duties as a traditional Project Manager and Scrum Master.  • Strong ability to handle multiple projects simultaneously, prioritizes appropriately and manage tasks.  • Proven experience working with product owners and technology teams to elicit and communicate product requirements and design viable solutions to meet business needs.  • Proven experience building and maintaining SharePoint sites and performing administrative duties.  • Great interpersonal skills and ability to work with all levels of people in an organization.   • Experienced in managing others and taking a leadership role in major firm tasks and initiatives.  • Strong analytical and problem solving skills with an excellent attention to detail.  • Proven experience using JIRA to maintain product backlog, reporting, testing and defect tracking.    CORE COMPETENCIES    • Salesforce: Administration, Lightning Apps, Automation, Sales & Service Cloud  • SharePoint  • MS Project and Visio  • SDLC and ALM  • Agile Tools & Techniques   • Waterfall Tools & Techniques  • Scrum  • JIRA  • Six Sigma  • Change Control, Issue Management, Work Breakdown Structure  • HP Quality Center