IT Project Manager - Team Lead <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> - Team Lead IT Project Manager Apex, NC Work Experience IT Project Manager - Team Lead Laboratory Corporation of America - Burlington, NC 2015 to Present Remote worker  Project Manager in a Team Lead role for LabCorp's Hospital and Acquisitions Electronic Data Interface (EDI) team. Lead a team of EDI project managers where I assign EDI projects based on workload, priority and skill level. Provide guidance, instruction, direction and leadership to a group of project managers to prepare them for successful execution of an EDI implementation.  • I scope the National Accounts, Acquisition and Special Contract projects prior to engaging other project managers  • Responsible for forecasting weekly go lives for long term strategic planning  • Train project managers on project management best practices per PMI guidelines, create templates, process workflows and provide documentation Principal Consultant - IT Project Manager NTT Data Services - Durham, NC 2010 to 2015 Remote worker  Senior Consultant in an IT Project Manager role. Contracted to a large healthcare services client, Laboratory Corporation of America. Implementation of Electronic Data Interfaces at Ambulatory clinics and Inpatient hospitals across the United States. Responsible for project planning and interacting at various organizational levels including stakeholders. Partner with vendors to assess environment and determine risks. Host status meetings. Achieve monthly goals for live interface implementations. NTT Data recipient of multiple performance based awards.    SKILLS  Previous industry experience in Insurance and Global Investment Banking  Epic Electronic Healthcare Record Ambulatory and Inpatient Subject Matter Expert  Electronic Health Record Implementation  Leadership  Team Management  Project Management  Agile/Lean Framework  Public Speaking  Remote Worker  Written and Verbal Communication  Decision Making  Vendor Relations and Negotiation  Employee Training and Development  Critical Thinking  Strategic Business Planning  MS Office and Project  Goal oriented  Technical/Problem Solver  Compliance    HIGHLIGHTS  7.5 years of EHR implementation experience  Increased efficiency of Epic implementation timeframe by 50%  Implemented 700 client interfaces which increased revenue by 5%  Full lifecycle experience from Pre Sales to Post Go Live Education Bachelor of Science in Information Technology University of Phoenix - Phoenix, AZ June 2004 to June 2006 Skills Project Management Links http://linkedin.com/in/kimberly-quint-74711821