IT Strategy & Governance Lead <span class="hl">IT</span> Strategy &amp; Governance Lead IT Strategy & Governance Lead - Heritage Bank Plc Annapolis, MD An IT-oriented professional well rounded in IT Operations & Governance, Service Management and Project Management methodologies and processes. My experience and achievements in the mentioned areas, obtained in several industries - Telecommunications, Information and Communications Technology (ICT) & Banking - have been aided by a clear understanding of Customers need for value creation, process improvement and driving efficiencies.    Skills/Professional Competencies  IT Strategy & Governance Process Measurement & Reengineering Business/Customer Relationship Management  Contract Budgeting C-Level Engagements Project Management  Service Performance Management & Reporting Business Modelling/Cross Selling Service Portfolio Management  Service Operations Continuous Service Improvement Business Continuity  Outsourced Services Business Financial Analysis Strategic Planning Work Experience IT Strategy & Governance Lead Heritage Bank Plc 2017 to Present • Responsible for the development, implementation and maintenance of the Group's Strategy and also liaising with various functions up to C-level, to ensure efficient planning as related to the Group's Architecture, Governance and Business Continuity (including Disaster Recovery) Frameworks.  • Coordination of select C-Level/Executive Management Projects and/or Initiatives.  • Responsible for enforcing IT Regulatory Compliance, IT Audit Governance and IT Governance support and acting the primary IT liaison and coordination point for all Audit, Enterprise Risk, Compliance and Steering Committee activities.    Selected Achievements  ? Compliance of the Bank's Service Management, Governance & Project Management practises to ISO 20000, ISO 8583, COBIT 5 and PMP standards respectively  ? Championed the group's readiness for a successful recertification in ISO 27001 in Information Security and certification to ISO 22301 in Business Continuity.  ? Successful adoption of IT Governance practises, improved awareness on ISO/ITIL Processes  ? Established a single point of contact for effective monitoring of IT Risk, Project and Compliance activities. Project Manager 2016 to 2017 Definition, Documentation, Coordination and Reporting of Innovative & Strategic Business project metrics, deliverables and outcomes while ensuring execution is in accordance with scope, schedule, and budget and with a specific project methodology    Selected Achievements  ? Successful execution and delivery of IT & Innovation Projects, cutting across multiple Groups/Stakeholders to Executive level  ? Managed and delivered projects with the below value adds to the Bank:  • Deployment of a mobile application to reduce the end-to-end turn-around time for account opening from 24 hours to 3 minutes  • ATM Content Management, to automate content push to ATMs bank-wide reducing the activity time from minimum of 3 working days to 4 hours. Manager, Service Delivery Business Connexion ICT Services Limited 2014 to 2016 • Managed delivery of services to BCX's local and international customer base at an agreed standard (SLA), while establishing policies to ensure consistently high service performance, increased customer satisfaction, operational efficiencies and profit realization.  • Established opportunities for cross selling on existing customer accounts, by exploring opportunities and cross selling new services that may add value to the Customer account and/or relieve customer pain-points.    Selected Achievements  ? Improved Customer Satisfaction (CSAT) to an Average of 90% over a 2-year period.  ? 80% Contract Renewal & Customer Retention, for 2 years.  ? Maintained an average of 95.08% SLA in Service Operations & Delivery over a 2-year period.  ? Consistently ensured profit realization across the business's service portfolio, while working to ensure minimal penalties for breaches in service delivery. Service Delivery Officer 2013 to 2014 Coordinating the delivery of services via the Service Desk, ensuring timely resolution of incidents, SLA tracking and billing for services delivered.    Selected Achievements  ? Adoption of a single point of contact/Helpdesk for Customer Escalations and Contractual support.  ? Adoption of Incident, Problem, Knowledge & Asset Management Processes  ? First time & 2-time consecutive Award of Cisco Customer Satisfaction Excellence Incident and Problem Management Analyst Etisalat Nigeria 2010 to 2013 Supervised the provision of First Level Support by the Service Desk on all IT related incidents/requests (Applications, Hardware, Software, Mobile Device, etc.)  Selected Achievements  ? Maintained average team SLA at 95% for Incident & Service Request Management the 3year period  ? Achieved an average 3-year service availability for all IT services of 99.8% as against SLA of 98% Assistant Project Officer Inlaks Computers 2009 to 2010 Provided project office support - ensuring adequate documentation for all projects, and driving standards to ensure quality assurance    Selected Achievements  ? First time success of a certification audit of the team's processes as a result of effort put into ensuring adoption of applicable standards (PRINCE2, Six-Sigma) within the team. Education M.Sc. in International Technology Management University of Warwick - Warwick 2007 to 2008 B.Sc. in Computer Science Babcock University 2002 to 2006 Skills IT Strategy and Governance (2 years), Service Reporting (4 years), Service Operations (9 years), Change Management (8 years), Project Management (3 years), Customer Relationship Management (4 years), Microsoft Office (10+ years), Service Management (9 years) Certifications/Licenses Prince 2 Foundation & Practitioner Certificates July 2016 to July 2021 Project Management Level 1 & 2 Certifications ITIL v3 Foundation Certification April 2010 to Present Certification in ITIL Basics (Service Management) ISO 20000 Lead Implementer May 2018 to Present Certification to guide implementation of ISO 20000 in IT Service Management Additional Information Trained in TOGAF 9.2 (Certification in View)  Trained in Six Sigma Green Belt (Certification in View)