IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager - HP Inc Palo Alto, CA • Around 19 years of assorted expertise in Software Project Mgmt., Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), Software Configuration Management, Software QA and Process Improvement Mgmt. with respect to ISO9001, CMM Level 5 and PCMM Level 5 concepts  • IT Project Manager with 10 years in Configuration, Price & Quote (CPQ), E-commerce, Healthcare, Medical Transcription industry, managing concurrent multiple small to large sized projects  • Managed budgets up to $75M and cross-functional teams - N/A, China, EMEA, India for CPQ domain  • Implemented 10 TSA projects that goes for spin off within 12 months of separation unit  • Manages and leads a program involving multiple functions and project teams to drive the engineering development and implementation process for a product or service offering.  • Delivering new capability ( projects) to time, cost and quality, ensuring that the business is fully engaged, and verifying that the benefits have been realized. Accelerating retirement of legacy capability and reducing complexity and risk  • Defined processes and tools best suited to each project. Moved between agile and waterfall approaches depending on project specifics and client goals, creating detailed project road maps, plans, schedules and work breakdown structures  • Communicates program progress, escalations, and issue analysis to product stakeholders; collaborates with management and internal manufacturing and development partners to recommend and implement changes to product, processes, or business practices to resolve escalated issues, produce solutions, and ensure adherence to budgets and established product roadmaps and schedules  • Negotiate, analyze, and prepare purchase order agreements for vendor -Wipro  • Drives innovation and integration of new technologies and quality initiatives into projects and activities in the manufacturing and/or engineering organization.  • Well versed in Management and leadership skill, demonstrated Team/People Management aptitude, motivating, training, mentoring large teams for excellence in performance and delivery with quality. Work Experience IT Project Manager HP Inc 2017 to Present Hold dual accountability for (a) managing complex large scale corporate IT projects and (b) leading the organization's IT process improvement practice, overseeing a team of 45 to deliver IT transformation, process management, IT governance  , application development and service managed projects. Managing the tool after TSA exit.    Project: DART IPC Release (Revenue- $25 Million)  Project Manager/Scrum Master Program Manager Major Accomplishments May 2016 to May 2016 Project Manager Scrum in HP India 2015 to December 2015 1 Prize" on implementing Scrum in HP India- Sept'14 Technical Lead "Process Improvement- CI implementation" at Unit October 2013 to October 2013 level-Oct'13    HEALTHASYST  S e p t 0 5 - J u l 0 6  Project: TouchWorks(TM) Electronic Health Record (EHR)  Technical Lead  Client - Allscripts, NA    Project Description:  Allscripts Enterprise (TouchWorks(TM) EHR) is the clinical software solution of choice for multi-specialty and specialty practices as well as academic medical centers and hospital sponsored initiatives. Uniquely designed for the specific needs of physicians in today's increasingly interconnected healthcare environment, Allscripts Enterprise fully empowers and connects organization clinically, operationally, and financially.  Responsibilities:  ? Involved in development and management responsibilities  ? Involved in staffing of resources to the right tasks  ? Monitoring the progress of the team daily  ? Reporting to the management team of the progress made by the team  ? Involved in writing N-units for the enhancements developed  ? Involved in Demo and presentation of the enhancement developed to the clients.  ? Involved in code review.    FOCUS INFOSYS (INDIA)  O c t 0 3 - S e p t 0 5  Project: Netcare  Senior Developer  Client: Lovelace Health System, NA  Project Description:    This software is developed to automate medical transcription flow. Application is designed to work on 3-tier structure. Netcare server is hosted in COM+. Netcare client and server communicate using windows sockets.    Responsibilities:  ? Programming for new development using Microsoft Visual Studio  ? Defect Fixing and analysis of defects found in various phases of software development life cycle  ? Implementation in test Server and Unit testing  ? Correspondence with Client for query resolution and for status reporting    Project: ORU & ADT interface for Netcare  Senior Developer  Project Description:    ADT Process Application is required for the HL7 compliant hospitals wherein they released Patient Information in the form of ADT files. The ADT files could be of the TEXT, XML etc. format. The ADT files are read and parsed and insert into the database. That information is used later while transcribed by the Transcription's saves lot of time of manual entering thereby increases the productivity. It is 2-tier architecture, hence interacts directly with the database.    Project involves carrying out the following activities:  • Prepared System Requirement Specification  • Understanding the requirements based on Functional Requirement Documents  • Preparation of low level and high level design documents  • Programming for new development using Microsoft Visual Studio  • Reviewing of detailed design documents  • Reviewing of Code develop to build the software  • Defect Fixing and analysis of defects found in various phases of software development life cycle  • Preparation of design guidelines and Review checklists  • Formulating queries to be sent to client  • Correspondence with Client/Onsite for query resolution and for status reporting    QUEENS INFORMATION SYSTEM (INDIA)  M a y 0 0 - O c t 0 3    Project: PRIST University, India.  .Net Developer & Trainee Engineer  Title: PRIST University Management System (PRUMS)    Project Description:  To handle and to maintain the full administration process of a university with its institutions and courses from printing of application for student admission and through the process of library, hostel, transport, mess, academic, examination and until the alumni association from anywhere within the intranet with full security and authentication setups from the Admin level to the Gust roll level.    Project involves carrying out the following activities:  • Coding/Programming for new development using Microsoft Visual Studio  • Reviewing of detailed design documents  • Defect Fixing and analysis of defects found in various phases of software development life cycle Education Bachelor of Engineering in Engineering National Institute of Tiruchirappalli - Tiruchchirappalli, Tamil Nadu Skills Budgeting (Less than 1 year), Forecasting (Less than 1 year), governance (2 years), offshore (Less than 1 year), risk management (Less than 1 year), TRADING (Less than 1 year), Vendor Management (Less than 1 year), PMP, PM, Scrum Master, SDLC, Waterfall Additional Information Project Management Skills:    IT Strategy & Planning Offshore/Onshore Development  Budgeting & Forecasting Vendor Management  IT Governance Executive Presentations  Risk Management Resource Management  Quality Management Customer focus & relationship