Senior Project Manager Senior <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Senior Project Manager Troy, MI Interested in the Senior Project Manager position.     Have project management skills in serveral project methodologies including Waterfall (SDLC) and Agile with over 11 years of IT experience. Can scope, plan, and manage deliverables through engagement of cross functional stakeholders to closing. Experienced in managing software development teams. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior Project Manager onemagnify - Detroit, MI August 2018 to Present Ford Motor Company, August 2018 – Present. Senior Project Manager for onemagnify working on-site for Ford Motor Company as a agile Program Manager.     Agile skills include Scaled Agile Environment (SAFe) methodology. Product involvement is from ideation to delivery for market strategy.     Most recent technical project - designing a methodology for new projects in product development. Agile Scrum Master – Coached and guided technical projects oversight for milestone delivery of 6 projects in ‘Product Innovation’. Development was primarily with the Pega Decisioning and Pega Marketing platform.     Support for Global teams made up to 10 people skillsets includes IT (Information Technology) Architecture, Developers, Product Owners, Product Managers and Tech Anchors often interfacing with Dev Ops and Data Ops teams working in a collaborative environment.   IT Project Manager ThyssenKrupp Materials AG - Southfield, MI June 2016 to June 2018 Worked on-site as a Project Manager for Ciber then hired in to continue on as Project Manager. IT Project Manager – Responsible for managing 17 + multiple sized applications & infrastructure projects concurrently. In addition to managing these projects was responsible for the corporate portfolio projects.     Three highest profile projects were 1) Demand Forecasting System (a system that managed and forecasted the supply chain with SAP data to manage materials such as steel, copper, brass etc.). 2) Digital Market Intelligence – Dashboard for the executive team. 3) Upgrading a Citrix legacy system to a new Citrix system.    IT Project Manager Nextep Systems - Troy, MI October 2014 to May 2016 Responsible for managing 25 + multiple sized projects concurrently. Responsible for management of all steps from initiating, planning, executing, monitoring and controlling through to closing.     Project Management activities include: Presentations to external customer, weekly project status meetings with key stakeholders to include logistics, project plan and meeting minutes.     Three highest profile projects were for: 1) five large theme parks 2) national food service provider and 3) midwest grocery chain. Projects included the installation of kiosks, Point of Sale (POS), menu board systems and order management systems.     Delivered projects according to strict deadlines and within budget. Collaborated with all levels of personnel within the company and provide exemplary customer service with all stakeholders.  Business Management Support Analyst Overhead Maintenance Solutions - Birmingham, MI May 2010 to October 2014 Ensuring delivery of work in accordance to policy & procedures and adhering to all statutory and regulatory legislation. Worked with accounting, insurance and legal systems. Additional Work Experience upon request April 2010 Education Masters Certificate in Project Management Walsh College - Troy, MI June 2015 Bachelor of Science in Management Information Systems Oakland University - Rochester, MI May 2001 Skills PROJECT MANAGER (10+ years), PM, Scrum Master, Waterfall, Project Management, SDLC, Information Technology Additional Information Masters Certificate: Project Management  ITIL   Currently studying for PMP