Project Portfolio Manager , Information Systems <span class="hl">Project</span> Portfolio <span class="hl">Manager</span> , Information Systems Project Portfolio Manager , Information Systems - Nissan Motor Limited, North America Franklin, TN A technology leader with over 10 years of experience managing multi-million-dollar IT portfolios, programs and projects in a variety of different industries including healthcare, finance, agribusiness, manufacturing, and business services. Has a firm understanding of many IT platforms, including IT infrastructure, application implementation, software development, & data management. Experience leading both agile and waterfall type projects. Ability to align business goals with technology solutions. A motivated team player with leadership & management skills. Possessing real drive, a willingness to succeed and a positive, proactive approach. High energy! High Performance! World Class Project Portfolio Management! Work Experience Project Portfolio Manager , Information Systems Nissan Motor Limited, North America August 2018 to Present Responsible for managing and maintaining the overall health of the Nissan North America IT project portfolio. This portfolio includes 175 projects, over $200 million dollars in budget, USA, Canada and Mexico regions and a large team of project professionals across the organization. Driving focus on portfolio quality, ROI and business strategic alignment, resulting in healthy portfolios meeting qualitative and quantitative goals.  • Oversight of incoming new project requests, assisting senior management with continuous portfolio management (status, projections, resource planning, new request monitoring), ongoing budget reviews (actual vs budget analysis, projections, periodic reporting), cost projections in the future across the portfolio  • Facilitating the project forecasting process for assigned teams and providing revised forecasts and variances to management on a monthly basis is a key job responsibility. This includes timely reporting of actuals to forecast as well as key project changes, variances, and risks  • Successfully deliver the project portfolio on time and within budget, ensuring that business outcomes are achieved and risks are effectively resolved or mitigated  • Work with onshore and offshore IT delivery, support and vendor teams to successfully deliver the portfolio of work  • Manage the portfolio of projects through the full project management and software development lifecycle, complying with internal policies and processes for IT project delivery and change management  • Ensure consistency and best-practice methodologies for project delivery are followed across all platform teams and projects within the portfolio IT Program Manager Community Health Systems August 2017 to August 2018 Led a high level data analytics project program, developing web-based tools with the ability to extract, transform and display key business performance data from over 200 hospitals. These tools provide actionable data to the business from surgery and hospital performance metrics, to revenue trends and ambulatory quality data. The success of this program has provided business leaders with the information necessary to make organization level decisions, directly influencing positive company growth.  • Reshaped program structure and processes, resulting in program success, increased productivity, and positive feedback from stakeholders  • Monitored program cost, schedule, quality, performance, processes and vendor activities.  • Utilized tools and techniques such as performance metrics, risk management and project management methodologies to ensure successful execution  • Managed and mentored project teams by providing career development advice, recognition, workload planning strategies, performance reviews, and resource recruitment, resulting in healthy and positive work environment.  • Presented regular updates to executive leadership, effectively illustrating the connection between program progress and achievement of business goals Consulting Project Manager HCA HealthCare January 2017 to July 2017 Managed $20M project standardizing and implementing intake patient software across 50 HCA Hospitals nationwide. Led project team in order to assess the needs and develop project plans for each hospital's implementation. Created and improved project processes saving millions in downtime and labor costs for the organization. The project was a success completing within 5% of budget. Delivering this project ultimately improved the quality of care for patients leading to organization growth.  • Managed and directed the successful installation of intake patient software across 50 Hospitals  • Effectively and responsibly managed 20 million dollar project budget  • Communicated project progress to executive leadership regularly  • Developed and improved organization processes resulting in project completing on time and within budget.  • Managed and motivated project team achieving a high preforming, positive and cohesive team atmosphere.  • Coordinated and led war room support for each hospital go live insuring patient care is not interrupted IT Project Manager III Franklin American Mortgage June 2016 to January 2017 Identified and refined enterprise SDLC process, maximizing and improving overall project initiation, execution and delivery. Provided coaching on project management best practices to IT staff and leadership. Managed multiple projects applying both agile and waterfall principles. Planned and executed project integrating Salesforce into LOS system, ultimately helping to yield more revenue for the business. Led the development of proprietary web applications in which we automated the buyback and re-pool of loans, giving the organization an edged over competitors.  • Overhauled PMO by developing standard operating procedures, streamlining projects from business case to project execution.  • Improved relationship between IT and the business  • Leveraged technology tools to maximize communication and collaboration b/w the IT teams and business customers  • Conducted supporting project studies such Impact, GAP and SWOT analyses  • Assisted teams in developing QA and UAT test plans and procedures  • Energized team members on projects and rewarded milestone achievements, creating an exciting and productive atmosphere  • Training IT staff on how to identify and utilize various agile principles that worked within the mortgage industry and aligned with best practices.  • Developed improvements to team processes and procedures though change management techniques and initiatives Senior IT Project Manager Cargill Inc June 2015 to June 2016 Led multiple agile projects developing feed management software, implementing QA automation, cloud environment migration, creating web-based test analysis software, and VM management software products. QA project tasked with analyzing multiple software products, web and desktop based applications. Cloud migration project consisted of shifting entire production and test environments to the Microsoft Azure Cloud. One of the software product development projects I led consisted of building a dashboard for QA's and stakeholders to analyze and view test results. The other consisted of building software to manage cloud based VMs.  • Developed full scale project plans and directed all project's execution  • Clearly communicated and coordinated project tasks to all team members  • Motivated team members and stakeholders about projects! I love to motivate and see people motivated. It really gets me fired up about the project  • Collaborated effectively with Stakeholders and product owners, communicating project progress, roadblocks and steps to overcome those roadblocks.  • Effectively managed project budget, maintained project schedule and change control matrixes.  • Provided strategic expertise in process and system improvement  • Utilized scrum framework in product development process maintaining project velocity and transparency.  • Collaborated with members of the core implementation team and development teams on the definition and design of testing procedures  • Presented clear requirements to software developers and worked thought all questions regarding them  • Accomplished migrating application production and test environments to Microsoft Azure cloud  • Added significant value to the organization after implementing QA Automation testing as part of testing criteria. IT Project Manager Fiduciary Counseling Inc May 2014 to June 2015 Managed the overhauled of organization's entire IT infrastructure including migration of company servers to the cloud, implementation of new CRM and financial software products, rolled out new workstations to all users, brought outdating phone system to IP network, upgraded all company routers and switches including installation of fiber optic lines throughout company facilities, etc.  • Developed comprehensive agile hybrid project plan and communication procedures keeping all stakeholders well informed of projects progress and details  • Assessed risk and properly responded to complex problems, quickly diagnosing and identifying issues and determining long term resolutions.  • Managed multimillion dollar budget  • Minimized technology systems downtime within organization through strategic planning  • Coordinated contractors and team members effectively executing project  • Negotiated and collaborated with vendors securing world class IT services at cost effective rates  • Analyzed, prepared and documented operational procedures and technical guidelines  • Delivered project within budget and on time  • Applied strategic change Management techniques while integrating new systems resulting in smoother transition for employees Executive Service Desk Lead/ Project Manager Cargill Inc March 2013 to April 2014 Tasked with building Cargill's very first Global Executive Service Desk, providing technical support to high impact users such as C level management and commodities traders across the globe.  • Gathered requirements from stakeholders and formulated project plan, and cost estimates  • Formed business process requirements and software system requirements for Executive Service Desk  • Created operational procedures and guidelines  • Took ownership and responsibility for service delivery to clients.  • Hired & Trained new service desk agents on executive client handling procedures  • Coordinated launch, communication and delivery of service.  • Evaluated operating procedures after launch and drew up roadmap to improvement for team to follow Migration Project Manager Deluxe Corporation January 2012 to February 2013 Led initiative to convert all company workstations and laptops to Windows 7 operating system.  • Led Windows 7 Desktop Optimization project  • Responsible for managing transition of operating systems in headquarters and call center buildings  • Collaborated closely with software developers, network engineers, and application vendors to achieve software compatibility within all departments across organization  • Ran & organized reports making projects more transparent to my teams and executive leadership.  • Evaluated the project's business impact and risk  • Produced project metrics for CIO & other C level Executives  • Developed most efficient SOP in order to minimize risk and loss during user migrations.  • Updated and maintained project trackers on Excel spreadsheets & SharePoint  • Trained and managed IT support Analyst to preform windows 7 migrations throughout organization  • Created communication plan and training to employees insuring proactive acceptance of new operating system into company environment. Education Bachelor of Science in Management of Information Systems in Management of Information Systems University of Minnesota Carlson School of Management - Minneapolis, MN Skills HIGHLY ORGANIZED, EXCELLENT COMMUNICATION SKILLS