Senior Project Manager Senior <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Senior Project Manager Atlanta, GA Proven ability to analyze complex business issues, determine best alternatives, and implement plans to reach targeted goals. Recognized as a leader who adds value and increases return on investment. Extensive experience with ISO 9001 and CMMI methodologies. Certified Project Management Professional (PMP) from Project Management Institute. Scrum Master certified. Work Experience Senior Project Manager Slait Consulting - Atlanta, GA March 2018 to January 2019 Recruited by Slait to augment major Anthem Healthcare strategic initiative. Managed four workstreams for client, Anthem Healthcare, of moderate complexity at least $5M in size. Worked with project team members representing both business and IT to determine best methods to achieve client company's larger objective of a successful integration. Worked independently to develop and maintain schedule; to identify and document risks and issues; and to comply with Anthem IT PMO principles and directives. Used a mix of Agile and Waterfall methodologies. All projects delivered on-time. Contract ended in January 2019. Senior Program Manager Jacob's Eye LLC - Atlanta, GA November 2017 to January 2018 Hired to manage Federal contract of $112M encompassing 10 task orders and 7 sub-contractors. Contract scope provided recruitment and retention support for Air National Guard across all 50 states, the District of Columbia, and 3 territories. Effort required 7 Account Managers and 70 employees. Authored Employee Handbook and determined infrastructure for company including recommendations for government-approved timekeeping system; DCCA compliant accounting system; and, mix of computers and printers. Contract ended early due to Stop Work Order from Government. Senior Project Manager APEX Systems - Atlanta, GA May 2017 to October 2017 Managed multiple projects for client, GA Dept of Revenue, on-site:  • Established hot-site augmentation to handle client's operations in a disaster recovery scenario. Worked with outside vendors IBM, AT&T, and Capgemini to coordinate hardware and software installation at site as well as planned for large data migration.  • Performed preliminary preparations for roll-out of Windows 10 OS upgrade as well as Office 365 (2016) upgrade. Workstations included the local Department office as well as offices state-wide.  • Established series of SharePoint Online sites for various departments within the GA Department of Revenue. Efforts included designing SharePoint site for each department, defining process to maintain site content, and training end-users. Program Manager Laulima Government Solutions - Atlanta, GA March 2014 to January 2017 Managed all activities associated with over 50 Federal contracts and task orders, including contract execution, personnel management, client relationship management, and business development. Clients included Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC); Department of the Army; and, Department of the Air Force. Contract ended in January 2017. Specific responsibilities included:    • Liaised with clients to coordinate activities, negotiate tasks, and solve problems;  • Ensured profitability and revenue growth of programs;  • Produced and maintained project plans, schedules, budgets, reports, and deliverables;  • Conducted Program Reviews, and Contract Deliverable Reviews;  • Directed technical and administrative staff, including subordinate supervisors and program managers, and performed personnel actions including hiring and performance evaluation;  • Performed business development activities, including the review of technical and cost proposals;  • Performed program financial management services, including financial analysis, budget and cost quote preparation, cost management, reconciliation, and profit enhancement;  • Established and maintained all assigned facilities and office locations in the Atlanta Metro area.    Accomplishments include:  • Directed activities of up to 90 direct reports on client sites;  • Ensured stability of annual revenue flow of up to $17M;  • Established Atlanta Office for company;  • Increased Atlanta presence at Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) from 4 contracts and 20 employees to over 50 contracts and task orders and 110 employees;  • Captured $13 Million in new business in 2015. Senior Project Manager AMDEX Corporation - Atlanta, GA August 2013 to February 2014 Recruited by AMDEX to manage $2M+ contract at Centers for Disease Prevention and Control (CDC). Tasks focused on setting up Portfolio Management Office (PMO), evaluating and advising on project documentation to comply with CDC's Enterprise Performance Life Cycle (EPLC), and establishing infrastructure to support Information Resource Governance Board and its associated responsibilities and activities. IT Project Manager TransAmerica Life & Protection - Atlanta, GA June 2010 to August 2013 Provided management oversight for multiple web-based application projects to support multi-level marketing organization focusing on e-commerce in the insurance industry. Emphasized adapting existing web applications for use on tablets and smartphones. Liaised with business unit managers to define requirements; negotiated deadlines; and, assigned resources to deliver projects timely. Tapped by leadership as part of a project to transform IT department from Waterfall approach to Agile. Was trained on using Agile and worked with teams to transition to Agile methodology.    Prior to 2010:  Health Pathways, Inc. (Atlanta, GA) Senior Project Manager  Managed $2.7 Million contract at Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) to provide automated system to track pharmaceuticals and medical and surgical items. Managed the client relationship to develop follow-on business. System was delivered on-time and on-budget and was used by the CDC as recently as 2017.    SRA International, Inc. (Atlanta, GA) Principal and Program Manager    As Program Manager for $10 Million / year contract at the IRS Joint Operations Center (JOC), directed the activities of 40 geographically-dispersed team members to provide call center infrastructure support. Areas supported included web development, ICM scripting and programming, ACD configuration and troubleshooting, network management and support, project management support and call projection and analysis activities. Monitored two project managers and their projects.    U. S. Navy (Active Duty) (TS/SBI) Naval Flight Officer  Held various positions of increasing management and leadership responsibilities in the aviation community. Attained Navigator, Airborne Communications Officer (ACO), and Mission Commander (MC) designations. Familiar with aircraft maintenance and fleet management of EC-130 and E-6 aircraft. As MC, commanded 15-member aircrew on Joint Chief of Staff - directed missions in support of its strategic objectives. When assigned to Defense Information Systems Agency (DISA), spearheaded procurement of $5M in computer hardware and software. Education MBA in Finance Marymount University - Arlington, VA MS in Information Systems The Naval Postgraduate School - Monterey, CA BBA in Management Georgia State University - Atlanta, GA