Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Plano, TX Skill Sets and Attributes  • Highly skilled in Microsoft Excel/PowerPoint/Outlook  • Excellent oral and written communication skills  • Knowledgeable in Salesforce  • General aptitude in solving problems regardless of prior knowledge  • Fluent in English, Cantonese, and Mandarin and capable of translating in between Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager Omnitracs, LLC - Dallas, TX February 2016 to Present • Manage large, multi-location, multi-phase implementations as well as technical projects.  • Prepare initial project documents and tools based on client statement of work.  • Assist with data analysis on a variety of metrics to understand gaps and root causes.  • Assist in performing best practices analysis and consult with customers on increasing ROI.  • Manage and mentor team members on project management and professional service activities.  • Document project activities and statuses and provide status information to head director. Product Specialist/Lead Omnitracs, LLC - Dallas, TX January 2015 to February 2016 • Worked independently and executed projects with minimal direction  • Developed lesson plans for colleagues and new hires on learning Omnitracs product suite  • Conducted training classes on Omnitracs product for new hires  • Monitored and evaluated job performance for new hires  • Identified, corrected or advised on technical issues on a customer's personal/work computer system or mobile device platform.  • Tested and installed software and executed test plan with limited instruction IT Technician/Customer Relation AT&T - Austin, TX November 2012 to November 2014 • Trained to communicate with clients in a professional manner.  • Provided Wi-Fi technical support for foreign language customers.  • Provided Tier 1 up to Tier 2 support and problem resolution for external and internal customers on moderate complexity issues.  • Detected potential infrastructure issues and wired/wireless connectivity issues on various network devices such as routers, switches, and wireless access points by using virtual terminal connection SSH.  • Dispatched and notified proper channels in support of the customers.  • Maintained detailed documentations for each case and record resolution steps in a timely fashion.  • Adhered to defined company procedures, standards and guidelines.  Achievements and Recognition    • Received highest overall performance and customer satisfaction score in customer service  • Overall score ranked in top 20 (out of 80 specialists) multiple times Event Coordinator/Volunteer Volunteer 5k Run Events - Dallas, TX March 2011 to March 2014 • Administrated registrations to keep track of each participant’s dues and contributions.  • Supervised and coached a staff of volunteers regarding the logistics of setting up booths, light fixtures, and water stations.  • Controlled and mitigated the damage caused by unforeseen issues through problem solving techniques  • Coordinated and strategized space allocation for vendors and sponsors to ensure safety from fire hazards.    Achievements and Recognition  • Attained more than a total of $150,000+ in donations toward local charities such as Red Cross and Children  Hospital in each individual race  • Attained more than 6,000+ participants each year by passionately promoting the event Education Bachelor of Art in Mathematics in Mathematics The University of Texas at Austin - Austin, TX September 2012 Skills Outlook