IT Specialist <span class="hl">IT</span> Specialist IT Specialist - Merkur-Gaming US Miami, FL Experienced system & network Administrator looking to continuing growing into the IT  business. I'm capable to build up an entire IT system from scratch. I'm a team oriented  and excellent communicator, used to work under pressure. Work Experience IT Specialist Merkur-Gaming US - Deerfield Beach, FL August 2018 to Present Responsibilities:  • Ensure connectivity and service uptime 24/7.  • Install and manage the AD, DC, DNS, DHCP, Cloud service, WIFI service.  • Make daily backups with Veeam, Carbonite and Duplicati.  • Host Website in open-source and IIS environment.  • Configure and administrate Cisco network.  • Design the network for new office.  • Manager printers.  • Remote troubleshooting for end-users located in Las Vegas.  • Install CCTV system from scratch.  • Multiple travels to build-up the Merkur-Gaming stand in G2E, NIGA show, Juegos  Miami shows and guarantees full functionality.  • Work with Germany IT team to guarantee company's IT services. Compliance Agent Miccosukee Tribe - Miami, FL June 2017 to August 2018 Lead Slot Technician Miccosukee Resort and Gaming - Miami, FL 2015 to 2017 Network/System Administrator Ministry of Justice - Havana, CU 2012 to 2014 Cuba Project Manager Havana, CU 2009 to 2014 Cuba Education Bachelor's Skills Comptia, Computer Repair, Desktop Support, Information Technology, Network Support, It Specialist, Help Desk, Cisco Certifications/Licenses Driver's License Additional Information • Certified in CompTIA A+.  • Certified CISCO CCNA.  • 6 years' work experience as Network Administrator.  • 6 years' work experience in Windows, Linux and Apple devices systems.  • Experience in Virtualization, Cloud, Cisco devices, backups, Firewalls, MS  Exchange, VoIP, and Multimedia.  • Capable to design a network infrastructure and server room.  • Large list of contacts.  • 2 years' work experience as Slot Technician.  • Bilingual.  • Team Oriented.  • Excellent Communicator.  • Ability to handle multiple tasks at once