Associate Project Manager, IT Associate <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>, <span class="hl">IT</span> Associate Project Manager, IT - Ryder Davie, FL Work Experience Associate Project Manager, IT Ryder - Miami, FL August 2018 to Present In my role I have led the successful deployment of the following projects: 79 Minor Enhancements, 3 Large Capital Ventures and 1 Robot Process Automation (RPA) initiative.  • Minor Enhancements  ? Managed the Minor Enhancement queues for 3 teams.  * Utilized Azure to manage the backlog for the Agile/Scrum team.  ? Oversaw the successful deployment of 79 Minor Enhancements - these projects are enhancements to our applications that are under 75k.  • Large Capital Ventures  ? Led the planning and implementation of the Mileage Surcharge initiative. With an aggressive timeline and limited resources, it successfully deployed in 3 months and fulfilled an ROI ~300k for the 2018 billing cycle.  ? Led the planning and implementation of the Procurement initiative. It will produce an annual ROI of 3 million.  ? Led the planning and implementation of a Migration of a Tier 1 application to the Cloud.  • Robot Process Automation (RPA) Initiative  ? Led an internal process improvement, RPA initiative for the Minor Enhancement team. This project was to automate the manual updates done by each of the Associate Project Managers of billable hours. The automation of this monthly process will save the team 6k annually. Project Management Associate Bayview Asset Management - Fort Lauderdale, FL June 2015 to Present In my role I have led the following projects: 15 process improvement, 11 change management, 7 system configurations and 6 webpage development.  • Led the configuration and implementation of the following Ultimate Software modules: recruiting, onboarding, performance management and succession.  ? Additional workarounds, such as onboarding Docusign and Google Analytics, were delivered on time to account for significant system gaps. Our carbon footprint was significantly reduced and our data efficiency and integrity significantly improved with an expectation to save the organization over $65,000 a year.  • Led the planning, development and rollout of over 150 SharePoint and 28 WordPress webpages.  ? The webpages promoted transparency and improved communication and business strategy.  • Participated and ran focus groups for the Asset Management group and Loan Administration group.  ? The focus groups allowed us to gain rich qualitative data about the pain points in the departments. Short and long term action plans were presented to senior management and launched among the business units.  • Partnered with the Wellness Director to develop and deploy various Wellness and Benefits-driven project plans.  ? The initiatives directly impacted the organization's health care cost. Health care cost savings in the 2nd year were $1,200,000.  • For 3 years, led the configuration and management of the annual performance reviews in SumTotal and Sharepoint.  ? As the system admin for SumTotal I defined quality assurance metrics and continually worked to improve the data integrity and user experience. HR Generalist Bayview Asset Management - Coral Gables, FL April 2014 to June 2015 • Delivered New Hire Orientation weekly and facilitated onboarding activities for new hires.  • Acted as a liaison between employee and management to answer questions or concerns regarding company policies, practices and regulations;  • Recommended new approaches, policies and procedures to improve in the department and services performed.  • Improved manager and employee performance by identifying and clarifying problems; evaluated potential solutions for the business and the employee.  • Coached and counseled managers and employees.  • Ensured compliance of all federal, state and local employment laws and regulations.  • Conducted investigations for claims that were reported to be either illegal, unethical and/or unprofessional.  • Reported to Legal and Internal Audit exit interview summary reports and investigation summary reports.  • Updated attrition dashboard in Tableau monthly for the business. Education Master of Science in Industrial and Organizational Psychology Florida International University May 2013 Bachelor of Science in Psychology University of Central Florida May 2011 Certifications/Licenses Six Sigma Green Belt Present Project Management Professional (PMP) June 2018 to June 2021 Scrum Master June 2019 to June 2021