IT Compliance Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Compliance <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Compliance Manager - Partnership Development Irvine, CA Work Experience IT Compliance Manager Partnership Development May 2017 to Present Built the IT Compliance function from scratch to a CMMI Level 4 organization responsible for governing and ensuring IT's  Compliance with internal IT policies/security standards and external regulations (SEC: SOX, EPA: GLP, and PCI).  . Led the cross-functional steering team focused on expanding the rollout of the enterprise Governance, Risk, & Compliance (GRC) platform.  . Partnered with Internal Audit and IT leadership (CISO, CTO, etc.) to drive the evolution of the cloud control and compliance framework.  . Partnered with ISO vulnerability mgmt. and security teams to implement security standards compliance and monitored reporting processes.  Accomplishments:  . Led the cross-functional steering team (including Corporate Compliance, Legal, Regulatory, HR, ES&H, Supply Chain, etc.)  RFP process to select an enterprise Governance, Risk, & Compliance (GRC) platform and implementation partner.  Led the project team and implementation partner to rollout the IT risk management, 3rd party risk management, and standard exception use cases.  . Directed process improvement activities and increased visibility that vastly improved the compliance culture leading to an  40% reduction of year-over-year SOX deficiencies in high-risk processes.  . Led effort to evolve Agile SDLC processes to leverage cloud resources while managed risk and maintained required compliance.  . Led the annual maturity assessment of the IT compliance function which drove the creation of short-term objectives and a  3 year security compliance strategy and roadmap.  . Co-led effort to redesign and globally launch processes managing and high-risk mgmt.  . Developed SOX refresher training curriculum required annually for all 500+ SOX control owners.  . Established deployment governance standards and clear go/no-go criteria for release decision-making.  . System implementations, process improvements, led the teams to build the various custom interfaces.  . Launched, and managed projects using Microsoft Projects, Remedy, Clarify, Niku/Clarity, Agile Rally, Clear-Case, Clear-Quest, Mercury-Test-Director, Peregrine, WinRunner, RUP App, and Bug Tracking Apps; Vault, Dev-Track, Heat, and Agile Rally.    & +    • ,  &•• •••    • ,  ,.    • /  &••••    • " &•••0    • "  &••••    • 1 # +    • 2    $•••! #    • ( &    • •••$ 3•••••••4 . (••$• ••••••••5    As a Senior Program Manager, you will need:    • Minimum 5 years of experience involved in technology development    • Strong communication and presentation skills    • Previous experience in SEO and deep understanding of search engines and their ranking    factors.    • Willing to go the extra mile with a strong work ethic; self-directed and resourceful with    the ability to deal with con#ict and drive to solution    #••••& # $••••    • , 6    • 3 # 7 #•••••••••    • Experience with supervising people desired    • 89•!•••••:•2•••••••'    • 83••••••••: • 83••••••••:•.#    • 83••••••••: /•••••••.#••••••••    . Supported internal Sales & Marketing teams to organize, coordinate and drive technology programs and projects.  . Launched projects in NetSuite: Microsoft Dynamics SL, GreatPlains, QuickBooks, SalesForce.com, Upshot, Goldmine, Omni-Channel, Dashboard, BI, CM, CRM, Siebel, Oracle, SAP, PeopleSoft, JD Edwards, and Sage.  . Launched NetSuite ERP, CRM, SuiteCommerce, and Advanced, SiteBuilder, RecurringBilling, Payment Integration, Custom  Payment Plugin. Cybersource Payment Integration, Cybersource Service, Payment Security, Payment Methods, Existing  Cybersource Native Plugin, and design, testing (manual, automation, performance, security testing) also Best Practice of payment gateway integration.  . Sign-offs from project stakeholders, managed resources, and adheres to project timelines.  . Launched products and projects to Clinical Trial (CT), and developing Trial Master File (TMF) system to catalog clinical  trial data applications.  . Launched electronic data files and maintaining trial master file governance documents; record review, quality review, client's  standards policies and (SOPs/Wls), and FDA regulations and guidelines.  . Managed Clinical Document Management data files.  . Launched NetSuite ERP, SRP, CRM, CM, e-commerce, SuiteCommerce Advance (SCA), OneWorld, Business Intelligence, OpenAir, TribeHR, SuiteFlow, SuiteTalk, SuiteScript, SuiteBuilder, SuiteAnalytics, PHP, HTML, Implementations,  Integrations. Administration, SQL Server, JavaScript, .NET, MySQL, SQL Server, Visual Studio, and EDI.  . Took ownership of core technology from functional to deliverables; (Cradle-to-grave) (Store-Front App, Digital Asset Mgmt.)  . Managed NetSuite ERP, Suite Commerce Advanced and coordinates the development, approval, implementation  and compliance of on-going external client facing programs, and finally resolved business issues using ERP functionality and customization.  . Launched the optimized flow of value for Store-Front Web application e-commerce product facets.  . Launched NetSuite ERP (CRM, NetSuite (ERP), BI, and SCM Central Warehouse/Distribution) projects.  . Launched product features for Android Mobile Applications, iOS, Web applications and development projects.  . Product Marketing:  . Executed of display advertising, search engine for marketing and social media campaigns to engage consumer business goals.  . Lunched and Delivered direct response marketing, Automotive digital marketing campaign, and online cross-channel  marketing enhance advertising campaigns, and finally drove website traffic, and generate leads and sales.  . Worked projects with Palo Alto Networks, Arwba Wireless, Data Center Nexus 2k, 5k, 7k, 9k, Cisco Switches 4510, 3650,  3750, Cisco ISR 1002, 4400 Routers OSPF, BGP, Cisco AnyConnect, F5 Load Balancer (LTM/GTM), Cisco Cloud Meraki.  . Managed OpenEMR application for Medical Practice Management, Electronic Medical Records, prescription writing, and medical billing application.  . Led implementation and ongoing development of Web Digital Asset Mgmt. modules managed by Risk Management.  . Defined strategy, roadmap, and tactical approach for ongoing success.  . Incorporated proven risk frameworks as part of the development of Risk Management technology capabilities.  . Worked with IT, business owners and service provider(s) to develop and maintain Digital Web Apps capabilities.  . Developed and communicated risk taxonomy for enterprise direction.  . Developed and manage risk/control structures and mappings for Digital Web Asset Apps.  . Created, launched and reviewed top-down and bottom-up risk assessments.  . Managed reporting and notification alerts dependent upon risk thresholds.  . Communicated enterprise risks, trends, and other observations to executive management and applicable stakeholders.  . Established and maintained enterprise risk register.  . Oversaw treatment activities and exception status/renewals.  . Monitored Digital Web Asset Apps effectiveness and led efforts to enhance on an ongoing basis.  . Facilitated release planning sessions and engaging everyone involved.  . Conducted product presentations.  Established continuous integration and continuous deployment (CI/CD) pipelines using industry standard tools, such as Puppet, Chef, Ansible, Git, Docker, Kubernetes, etc. and using Azure and AWS, GCP (Google Cloud Platform)  eCommerce Digital Marketing Brand building relationships via every interaction.  . Led the marketing efforts and work closely with the creative and executive team to orchestrate marketing campaigns that drive  scaling customer acquisition and retention. Developed, coordinated & executed marketing strategies covering a variety of platforms including email, paid & organic social, influencers, SEO/SEM, and the webstore. Set KPIs, analyze performance, and  identified optimizations to achieve revenue & profitability goals.  . Worked with CTO and Creative Director to improve UX and conversions, Created & managed the execution of monthly sales  and promotions calendar, Increased customer lifetime value through effective segmentation and targeted promotions utilizing  worked with Custora https://www.custora.com/ and other innovative tools.  . Worked with CTO and SEO agency to improve on-page and technical SEO, Managed organic and paid social campaign  strategy, optimization, and implementation, Managed robust influencer network and strategy, Oversaw marketing budgets and ensured profitable ROI across all marketing efforts, Prioritized marketing projects and ensured efficient execution with  available resources, Drove new customer acquisition with a strong understanding of CPA goals.  eCommerce marketing & branding role.  . Developed & optimized direct to consumer brand growth strategies, Used Magneto and other CMS, Dot Digital, and ESP.  . Facebook Ads, Adwords, Bing Ads, and Google Analytics, data analysis and delivering actionable insights.  . Prioritized a diverse workload, high-end retail, direct to consumer brands, worked with internal and external stakeholders.  Influencer marketing strategies and trends, Knowledge of email marketing strategies and trends, Knowledge of SEO marketing  strategies and trends.  Build and release management for mobile applications for Android, and iOS.  BUILD - Maven, ANT, Gradle, Bazel, Blaze, and creating BUILD files.  CI/CD - Jenkins, Bamboo, Rapid, Cloudbees, Version Control - CVS, SVN, Mercurial, GIT.  Implementing commit, branching strategy, release strategy.  Maintaining source code repositories.  Configuration Mgmt - Puppet, CHEF, Ansible.  Tools - version control, continuous integration, automation, build processes, Experience creating deployment/releasing  pipelines, mobile apps on Apple and Google App Stores, and dependency management.    Active Risk Manager (ARM) Risk Management;  Experience with current DoD risk, issue, and opportunity management guidance and policy.  Worked with interrelationships among programmatic, mission assurance, and system safety risks, recognized and implemented  changes needed to avoided, minimized, and corrected problems with the risk management process, and engineering disciplines.  Supported contracts that provided "cradle to grave" supports to the IT program.  Supported a multitude of areas, including Systems Engineering & Integration, Acquisition & Program Management Support, Mission Integration Management, System Safety & Environmental Engineering, Systems Security & Information Assurance,  Risk Management, burndown of top level risks at both the large and small Enterprise Organizations.  Led Risk Management team of support personnel and responsible for working with program office Government stakeholders and risk owners to maintain risk situational awareness, and ensured accurate records, and reporting status on the risk posture  of the IT program as it evolves to incorporate innovations for IT dept.  Executed monthly Risk Management which consists of the Risk Working Group (RWG), the Risk Management Board  (RMB), and the Monthly Acquisition Review (MAR) reviewed with senior leadership.  Assisted Gov't risk owners to properly identify, propose, write, and manage risks.  Ensured team execution of proper Risk record keeping, reporting, and dissemination to stakeholders.  Generated, evaluated, and distributed monthly risk management metrics to Gov't risk owners.  Annually updated the Risk Management Plan (RMP) with suggested improvements, and coordinated its review and approval.  Reviewed program office documents that address risk management requirements, and provided formal comments as necessary.  Provided risk management input to the Monthly Report and contractual deliverables as necessary.  Maintained continuity of the Risk Management process and provide lessons learned as necessary.  Executed of an effective Government Risk Management program, initiative, sound judgment, and effective decision making. IT Compliance Manager ISACA, International Association of Privacy Professionals May 2017 to Present 5/2017 - Present)  . Built the IT Compliance function from scratch to a CMMI Level 4 organization responsible for governing and ensuring IT's  Compliance with internal IT policies/security standards and external regulations (SEC: SOX, EPA: GLP, and PCI).  . Led the cross-functional steering team focused on expanding the rollout of the enterprise Governance, Risk, & Compliance (GRC) platform.  . Partnered with Internal Audit and IT leadership (CISO, CTO, etc.) to drive the evolution of the cloud control and compliance framework.  . Partnered with ISO vulnerability mgmt. and security teams to implement security standards compliance and monitored reporting processes.  Accomplishments:  . Led the cross-functional steering team (including Corporate Compliance, Legal, Regulatory, HR, ES&H, Supply Chain, etc.)  RFP process to select an enterprise Governance, Risk, & Compliance (GRC) platform and implementation partner.  . Led the project team and implementation partner to rollout the IT risk management, 3rd party risk management, and standard exception use cases.  . Directed process improvement activities and increased visibility that vastly improved the compliance culture leading to an  40% reduction of year-over-year SOX deficiencies in high-risk processes.  . Led effort to evolve Agile SDLC processes to leverage cloud resources while managed risk and maintained required compliance.  . Led the annual maturity assessment of the IT compliance function which drove the creation of short-term objectives and a  3 year security compliance strategy and roadmap.  . Co-led effort to redesign and globally launch processes managing and high-risk mgmt.  . Developed SOX refresher training curriculum required annually for all 500+ SOX control owners. Project Manager Incoln Corporation Implementation Partner - Los Angeles, CA May 2015 to Present Software, Functional, Business & Technical role. (Contract Opportunity: 05/2015 - Present)    • Implementation Partner with Citi Bank, Pharma/LifeScience Programs/ Projects contains Cloud, and NetSuite ERP  (Web Asset Management, Web Content Management, CRM, Portal, eBusiness/e-commerce, Healthcare & Pharma)  Project Completed: (Store-Front Application Clients: Citi Group/Bank, Walmart, Target, 99c Only, Financial/Banking, Emdion Healthcare, United Health-Group Insurance and Allergan Pharmaceuticals)  . Planning and Project Initiation: Supports Onshore / Offshore Accounts  . Launched security application for lightning fast data protection against DDoS attacks, lowest rate of false-positive for threat blocks and alerts, granular policy control for protecting data wherever resides, automatic security intelligence updates, run-time application monitoring and  security for neutralizing threats before attacks.  . Eliminated current and emerging threats from ever-changing attacks of cyber-attacks.  . Launched Video Streaming Space project, IPTV, Streaming Protocols (HLS, Dash), Media Codecs (MPEG 2, 4), and Transport Streams.  . Facelifted deployment activities across cross-functional teams.  . Video Compression: MPEG-2, h.264, HEVC, J2K. Audio Compression: Dolby AC3, Dolby Digital Plus, AAC.  ABR/OTT: packager; DASH/HLS/HSS formats. KVMs: Fairplay, Irdeto, Adobe. Diagnostic tools: Wireshark, Charles.  . Launched digital marketing product (storefront apps, Ad-Planner, Web digital, Meta-Data, Digital Asset Management, Natural Search Optimization, Paid Search, Banner and Display Advertising and social, Digital Channels (search engines, social media)  . Managed projects for Web Analytics, Google Analytics, and Tableau, Using DoubleClick manager and Tagging URLs, Facebook campaign manager and Tealium.  . Planning and Defining Product Scope, Activity Planning and Sequencing, Resource Planning, Developing Schedules, Time  and Cost Estimation, Developing a Budget, Documentation Control, Executing, Supporting, core business initiatives to drive  product-line to clients, Creating Chart and Schedules, Risk Analysis and Managing Risk and Issues, Monitoring and Reporting  Progress, Strategic Influencing, Business Partnering, and Vendor Management, Scalability, Interoperability, and Portability Analysis, Controlling Quality, Benefit Realization.  Data Mapping, Data Flow Modeling;  . Launched, implemented, built, maintained, optimized features in Epic Electronic Medical Records/Reports (EMR) System;  Epic/MyChart.  . Worked with medical device regulations and standards, development life cycle and new product development ISO 13485, ISO 14971, IEC-60601. Class 1, 2, and 3 Medical Device, Bioscience, Pharmaceutical, Cosmetic industry experience.  . Worked with Pharma Manufacturing Architecture, Laboratory Information Management System (LIMS), Product Lifecycle  Management (PLM), Manufacturing Execution System (MES), Quality Management System (QMS), GMP, GxP, GLP  process.  Regulatory Affairs, and Quality Management Environment, New Product Development with manufacturing experience.  . Assisted with developing/clarifying the business case and prioritization of features and enhancements.  . Groomed and prioritized User Story Backlog, Participated and facilitated agile ceremonies including Sprint Planning, Backlog Grooming, Sprint Demonstrations and Retrospectives.  . Delivered business requirements via artifacts such as epics, features, stories, acceptance criteria, wireframe diagrams, interaction diagrams, mockups/demos, etc.  . Worked closely with product management and development teams to implement and manage releases through all environments, from development to production.  . Federal and State Programs - regulatory compliance programs.  . Medicare & Medical Claims processing, Medicaid and commercial products, Care management, Member enrollment and billing, EDI file processing, Provider network management, Portals, Departments and functions of Payer etc.  . Tools and Products: Healthcare: Facets, Care Advance, Requirements and Business Process.  . Healthcare claims processing solutions, New Implementations, Conversions, and Customizations of Facets.  . Participating in design & development of Enterprise & Cloud applications, AWS Services: EC2, ECS, Lambda, S3, Elastic Cache, Dynamo, Java, J2EE, Spring, Linux, performance tuning, Service Models: Infrastructure as a service (IaaS), Platform as a service (PaaS),  Software as a service (SaaS), Mobile "backend" as a service (MBaaS), Function as a service (FaaS), Serverless computing, Deployment Models: Private, Public, and Hybrid Clouds, Community Cloud, Distributed Cloud, MultiCloud, Big Data Cloud,  HPC High Performance Computing Cloud, Internal and External Cloud.  . Strategy for Detecting & Responding to Advanced Cyber Attacks, data breaches, detect human attackers, threat hunting, continuous  compromise, and response not incident response.  . Created standards and formatted for release plans that clearly lay out pre-release activities, deployment steps, and post-launch activities.  . Assisted with developing/clarifying the business case and prioritization of features and enhancements.  . System implementations, process improvements, led the teams to build the various custom interfaces.  . Researched applicable subject matter practices and remains aware of industry trends.  . Engaged the development teams on agile values, principles and practices. Maintained feature backlog and life cycle of features from inception  to completion. Assisted with risk, change and dependency management.  . Participated in the project management life cycle of Ambulatory related projects including design sessions, configuration/build and providing go-live supports.  . Medicare & Medical Claims processing, Medicaid and commercial products, Care management, Member enrollment and billing, EDI file processing, Provider network management, Portals, Departments and functions of Payer etc.  . Tools and Products: Healthcare: Facets, Care Advance, Requirements and Business Process.  . Healthcare claims processing solutions, New Implementations, Conversions, and Customizations of Facets.  . Managed projects with Jira in Cloud, Greenhopper, BitBucket, Jenkins, Artifactory, QTest, to monitor, generate, managed, log and tracked the issued trouble-tickets and prioritizing the final resolutions.  . Established continuous integration and continuous deployment (CI/CD) thru pipelines.  . Used industry standard tools, such as Puppet, Chef, Ansible, Git, Docker, Kubernetes, etc.  . Used Azure and AWS, GCP (Google Cloud Platform)  . Used general web server and application server administration, e.g. nginx, IIS, etc.  . Managed product with IT Governance and Compliance, Risk Assessment/Management, Third Party Risk Management.  Regulatory Compliance (PCI, SOX, GLP, HIPAA), Privacy, IT Audit, Policy and Standard Development. Project Manager MindTree Ltd - Torrance, CA January 2014 to May 2015 Functional & Technical Role. (Contract Project Completed: 01/2014 - 05/2015)    (Automotive, Web Asset/Web Content Mgmt., Global Campaign Marketing, Meta-Data, eBusiness/e-commerce)  Planning and Project Initiation: Web Content Management, Implementation Web Solution. Support Onsite / Offshore Models  . Launched Video Streaming Space project, IPTV, Streaming Protocols (HLS, Dash), Media Codecs (MPEG 2, 4), and Transport Streams.  . Participated in program level continuous improvement and communities of practice around SAFe, Agile, Lean Engineering and Quality Practices. Managed facets of (NetSuite Business Software, ERP, CRM, SAP, and BI) project through SDLC methodology.  . Oversaw a list of dependent core projects needed to reach the Toyota TMS/TMC overall goals.  . Forecasted and managed budget within established parameters. Managed administration of Kanban workflow for Agile projects.  . Delivered Digital project management (online marketing campaigns, digital marketing, demand generation, paid search )  . Launched product for Android Mobile Applications, iOS, Web applications and development projects.  . Worked with Software Product Patch Release for existing application e.g. AdPlanner.  . Delivered project for (Asset Management and Content Management), DAM Digital Asset Mgmt., Meta-Data, and Big Data; increased  client satisfaction by 98% overall; project cost $3.3mil, participants 33 onshore/offshore resources.  . Identified new business opportunities both internally/externally. Support Onshore/Onsite-Offshore Model  . Launched Big Data project, Roll-Outs and delivery to End-Users, Vendors, and Account Managers. Increased revenue by 2.3%.  . Managed projects in Cloud AWS Amazon Web Services, MS Azure, Cloud Vision, provisioning, system implementations, architecture evolution, and Native Services and DMS Document Management Systems; project cost $1.3mil, 15 resources.  . Managed AWS Services including EC2, VPC, S3, Glacier, EFS, AWS Kinesis, Lambda, Elastic Beanstalk, RDS, DynamoDB, and Redshift.  . Managed AWS security implementations using IAM, KMS, Trusted Advisor, Security Groups, and NACL.  . Submitted change requests to Global Change Management, attended Change Approval Board meetings across the globe, and ensured that the requests are reviewed with global and regional teams and approved in a timely manner.  . Managed configuring Cross-Account Policies & Roles on IAM.  . Monitored the AWS migrated applications using Cloud Trail, Cloud Watch, Config.  . Managed AWS Cloud Formation template development to deploy the applications in AWS.  . Managed Meraki switches for network infrastructure management IT projects.  . Managed Docker containerized environment, hosting web servers on containers, building Docker images, & using Docker file.  . Managed monitoring tools like Splunk, Dynatrace, Netcool, Moogsoft, and Sitescope.  . Launched BI Business Intelligence in Oracle, and SAP, Reporting Tools, Improve Process Improvement, delivered Digital  Marketing Campaign, (DAM) Digital Asset Mgmt. components and API Application Program Interface.  . Launched Media Domain of Live Streaming, Video on Demand, DRM (Digital Right Management) and various video codes like H.264/MPEG to client; and client's satisfaction by 93% overall; project cost $900k, 17 resources.  . Established and monitored project plan/milestones/release roadmaps for Ad-Planner story front application; meta-data, digital asset.  . Coordinated with 3rd-party vendors and partnered as needed to ensure release-related work activities and dependencies are on track. Created, tracked and communicated a release calendar that aligns to the Shared Marketing product roadmap.  . Led projects with Amazon Cloud Web Server (Metadata, Multi-Media, Social-Media), decreased 19% overload Corp Web Servers.  . Launched, completed products for Tablet, iPhone, Android, iOS Apple, OS Windows, Web structure and building blocks of HTML5.  . Managed, review SOW Statement of Work for established business development and 3rd party vendors (Aspera, Amazon  Cloud Web Services, 5th Kind DAM Digital Asset Management, Succhie, Conil, Attick, Beyond Curious, Softnas, Talend Open Studio data management companies 2014 to 2014 increased revenue by 3.72% of overall for corporate in the 4th quarter 2014.  . Managed Symantec AV management and log monitoring for security management team.  . Delivered and launched multi-media product campaign to client that included weekly release projects to MS Internet Explorer IE, Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Apple Safari Web browsers product campaign; increased 1.5% revenue to Corporate.  . Launched products for AdPlanner (store-front) Web Application, Content Mgmt. CM, and Client Relation Mgmt. CRM NetSuite.  . Executed product for Meta-Data, Multi-Media (voice, video, banner, posters, pdf, and textual); project coast $1.3mil.    Security Layers:  . Responsible for defining and owning the overall strategy, architecture and delivery for global payment cryptography systems.  Implementation of payment crypto systems (HSMs), consolidation of existing disparate HSM vendor products into an enterprise standard system.  . Collaborating with developing team a streamlined remote administration, management, monitoring and key injection  capability, developing an enterprise shared decryption service, encryption, and authentication, key management, applied  cryptography, upgrading and uplifting the systems to support newer payment crypto standards, protocols and algorithms, and managing a small team of cryptography engineers across the globe.  . Cryptographic algorithms, protocols, implementation and standards (e.g., AES, CMS, DES/TDES, Diffie-Hellman, DNSSEC, ECC, IBE, Kerberos, IPsec, OpenSSL, RSA, SHA, SSL/TLS and ANSI, IETF, NIST, FIPS, PKCS, PKI), CTGA certification  Hardware Security Modules such as Thales Payshields, Luna EFTs, etc.  . Thorough understanding of Key Bundling TR-31, DUKPT (AES & TDES), PCI PIN and PCI P2PE encryption key  management. Thorough familiarity with ESO/KIF responsibilities, applicability for Asymmetric cryptography vs Symmetric  cryptography, hardware cryptography certifications, Experience using PKCS#11, POS & terminals, FIPS 140-2 and PCI PTS  Knowledge of Regulations such as GDPR, PSD2, NY DFS, payment tokenization, architecting data security products, algorithms ranging from symmetric, a-symmetric, hashes, and random number generators. Project Manager Fox Network - Los Angeles, CA January 2012 to December 2013 Functional & Technical Role. (Contract Opportunity Completed: 01/2012 - 12/2013)    (Multi-Media / Entertainment Industry, Global Marketing Campaign)  . Planning and Project Initiation: Support Onshore/Onsite-Offshore Model  . Delivered the defined project scope, size via project charter, developed project schedule, tracked progress and changed (MS Project).  Worked with Digital project (online campaigns, digital marketing campaign) with that generated 1.1% revenue to Corp.  . Risk & Issue Management - developed and managed project risk and issue management plans; reduced risks by 33%.  . Launched Cloud base services AWS Amazon and Migration Project for web servers, application servers of global clients.  . Performed security risk management, forecasting, and cost benefit analysis and increased efficiencies by 11%.  . Launched Media Domain of Live Streaming, Video on Demand, Adaptive Streaming (HLS / MPEG Dash), CDN  (Content Delivery Network), DRM (Digital Right Management), video codes like H.264/MPEG to client; project cost $775k, participants 2 project managers. Managed Security Layer projects facets. Anticipated with new product patch release for Onyx.  . Managed BI Business Intelligence projects for improve process performance, sales productivity, and reporting tools.  . Participated in workflows, reviews and approval processes for project deliverables with Onyx and FACTS Application projects.  . Managed products with On Air, Digital Video, Display Advertising, and API Application Program Interface.  . Launched Multimedia, Audio, Video, Media Content, Metadata, Digital Asset Management (DAM) projects; consisted of storage, retrieval, cataloguing, annotation, ingestion, distribution of digital assets, digital photographs, animations, music, videos,  and Social Media; project cost $545k, participants 15 resources. Supported strategy and vision for best-in-class Onyx App solutions.  . Launched product for Android Mobile Applications, iOS, Web applications and development projects, that included technologies  (HTML, HTTP, PHP), and Web Services SOAP, RESTful protocols; project cost $389k, participants 11 resources.  . Product Line Strategy: guided team of Web Services Apps and .Net Analytics projects to completion of multiple projects  Concurrently; increased 13% in productivity; project cost $1.3mil, participants 23 resources.  . Created and standardizing release notes, including features/functionality delivered and any known bugs, and release-related  communications to stakeholders.  . Identified opportunities to make the release management cycle more transparent and efficient with quality.  . Formulated, organized and managed inter-connected core projects, Created and maintained project/product schedules and releases, Contributed to product prioritization decisions by providing data and analysis from current and past projects, Helped  defined the features, functionality and user experience on FACTS App core technology, built, managed and maintained  program and technology documentation, Generated insights and analysis to find answers to key questions and executive  priorities, Managed special projects commissioned by functional leaders, Worked closely with Product Development, Engineering, Marketing, and QA to ensure input and representation in the development process. Product Manager Medtronic Minimed - Northridge, CA January 2011 to December 2011 HealthCare, Medical Device, Insurance)  . Planning and Project Initiation: Implemented Processes for PMO, and PLM.  . Launched OpenEMR application for medical practice management, electronic medical records, prescription writing, and medical billing application.  . Strategized, implemented, and maintained current technology initiatives that adhere to organizational objectives.  . Managed Product schedules, detailed project plans, Project scope statements, Cost estimates, Resource plans, Risk/issues logs, Status reports. Delivered multiple high-level clinical projects such as Medical device for Diabetic patient (Monitor device, and Sensor)  . Worked with various Algorithms and Logic tables to Identify Frameworks.  . Defined PMO processes project methodology and deliverables.  . Managed Supply Chain Management and Internal/External projects for Data-Center, and End-Users accounts.  . Launched project design for cardiovascular Care-Link Encore Programmer Vitatron Monitor, Diabetic Monitor and Sensors.  With that increased revenue by 5.3% for marketing and sales team; project cost $4.2mil, participants 132 resources.  . Participated in ClearHealth Software Insurance Application project.  . Launched projects for CardioNet sensor, electrodes, and monitor device and approved by FDA.  . Worked with Risk and Compliance framework, helped enterprises achieved compliance and managed risk across organization.  . Used Mindro Apps, and Epic MyChart for medical records. Managed Kanban workflow to expedite Agile Workflow.  . Managed product for Android Mobile Applications, iOS, Web applications and development projects.  . Managed product with IT Governance and Compliance, Risk Assessment/Management, Third Party Risk Management.  . Regulatory Compliance (PCI, SOX, GLP, HIPAA), Privacy, IT Audit, Policy and Standard Development.  . Ensured appropriate review and approval of Master Batch Records, SOP, Change Control Documentation, Product Labeling  and Revisions, Audit Observations, Validation Documentation, Product Specifications and Analytical Methods.  . Change Controls, SOPs, Quality System documentation, Product Labeling and Revisions, final evaluation and authorization of deviation/OOS handling, including CAPA.  . Participated in Change Control Committee, evaluation, and deviation.  . Partnership Development, Security and Control Frameworks, ISO 27001/2 People and Budget Management.  (ISC) 2 CISSP, Certified Information Systems Security Professional, ISACA CGEIT, Certified in the Governance of Enterprise  IT, ISACA CRISC, Certified in Risk and Information Systems Control, IAPP CIPP/US, Certified Information Privacy Professional. Software Product Staff Manager Aspen - San Diego, CA January 2010 to November 2010 Web Enterprise, Global Marketing Campaign, Automotive, Database Driven Enterprise)  (Automotive Manufacture, Web Asset Mgmt., Campaign Marketing, Meta-Data, eBusiness/e-commerce)  Planning and Project Initiation: Onshore/Onsite-Offshore Model  . Product schedules, Project plans, Project scope statements, Cost estimates, Resource plans, Risk / Issues logs, Status reports.  . Managed Infrastructure Data-Center Projects, Marketing Campaign with stakeholders for roll-outs IT projects; project cost $151k.  Managed Data-Warehouse projects TOAD, Mongo DB, MySQL, and Oracle DB.  . Managed scalable, and distributed MySQL based database project with AWS DB.  . Launched e-commerce projects with .Net, JBoss, Middleware, Business intelligence SAP components, IIS Server; project cost $177k.  . Managed Supply Chain Management, Vendor Mgmt., and Migration Projects, and Auto Loan Origination, Auto Incentives  Systems, Loan Servicing, Tomcat, WebSphere, WebLogic, and Apache.  . Launched BI Business Intelligence Analyst Report, and Pricing and Cloud BI, Spreadsheets, OLAP Online Analytical Processing,  . Digital Dashboards, Data Mining, Data Warehousing, Process Visualization, Local Information Systems.  . Used Scrum Master, SDLC, Agile, and Waterfall methodologies for e-commerce products and services.  . Managed Admin tools, Selenium, QTP, Agile Rally, Dev Track, Heat, and Vault to monitor trouble tickets, issue and resolutions.  . Launched products with On Air, Digital Audio Advertising, and Business Intelligence (predictive analysis)  . Managed projects; Clarify, Remedy, Niku/Clarity, Agile Rally, Clear-Case, Clear-Quest, Mercury Test-Director, Peregrine, WinRunner, RUP Applications, Bug Tracking Applications: Vault, Dev-Track, Heat, and Agile Rally.  . Responsible for e-Commerce projects and used SDLC methodology, Project defect tracking, coordinated, executed and verified. Education Certificate De Anza College June 1993 to 1995 BS Bachelor of Science in Telecommunication / Computer Engineering Capitol Technology University - Laurel, MD June 1991 BS Bachelor of Science in Electrical / Electronic Engineering Capitol Technology University - Laurel, MD June 1990 AAS Associates in General Science in General Science/General Engineering/General Studies Northern Virginia College June 1986 to June 1987 AAS Associates in Science in Engineering Northern Virginia Community College June 1986 to 1987 AS in Mechanical Engineering Naseri College of Engineering and Technology June 1979