IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager - Republic National Distributing Company Atlanta, GA Work Experience IT Project Manager Republic National Distributing Company - Atlanta, GA October 2017 to Present Coordinating and delivering 10 monthly cross-functional team meetings, presentations to 10-20 employees from several department, including executives and upper-level management  ? Analyzing complex daily tasks, emails, project calls, and deadlines through various management workflow software in order to maximize overall efficiency and performance for approximately 7 supervisors  ? Conducting various software trainings of multiple systems for all employees by facilitating online walkthroughs  ? Examining data weekly to evaluate and articulate strengths and opportunities for improvement to other supervisorial and executive staff. IT Project Manager InterContinental Hotels Group - Atlanta, GA October 2016 to October 2017 Promoted from IT Project Coordinator to Project Manager  ? Accountable for New Hire Onboarding, preparation and documentation  ? Coordinated group interviews to assist the organization with selecting qualified candidates for open positions  ? Responsible for leading project team meetings with key stakeholders to ensure successful project workflows  ? In charge of tracking timesheet reporting, resource allocations, and task assignments for a team of 30 in Clarity (SaaS) Project Management Coordinator Starwood Hotels & Resorts, Worldwide, Inc - Atlanta, GA June 2015 to July 2016 • Provided recommendations to department managers on how to improve candidate workflows and HR training schedules  • Trained new Coordinators on SaaS and performed the set-up of learning modules in Learning and Development Systems Certification/Recruiting Coordinator American Hotel & Lodging Educational Institute - Orlando, FL December 2012 to June 2015 Interfaced with clients and partners to understand training and development needs for their organization  ? Performed upselling techniques for candidates to pursue additional learning and training opportunities  ? Certified over 2,000 line level and upper management staff in hospitality certifications  ? Sourced, evaluated, and assessed more than 200 applications on a weekly basis to determine candidates qualifications for certification programs  ? Validated candidates references and work history to determine accuracy  ? Overseen 40 contracts in a given to train, develop, and certify hospitality professionals Education BS in Hospitality and Tourism Management University of Central Florida Orlando - Orlando, FL May 2014 AS in Hospitality Administration/Management Valencia Community College - Orlando, FL May 2012