Senior Technical Project Manager/ IT Project Manager Senior Technical <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>/ <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Senior Technical Project Manager/ IT Project Manager Parma, OH Work Experience Senior Technical Project Manager/ IT Project Manager CommutAir dba United Express - North Olmsted, OH August 2017 to May 2019 • Managed the implementation of MINT Airline Crew Training Scheduling and Records software with IT, Crew Administration and Flight Operations Departments.  • Managed the technical implementation of Electronic Flight Bag (EFB) in conjunction with Flight Operations  • Managed IT WBAT Safety reporting and coordinate solutions within IT.  • Established a clear understanding of multiple system interactions throughout CommutAir from a technical and business perspective and assist in troubleshooting and providing solutions regarding software interactions across systems.  • Completed business requirements, cost analysis, funding approvals, vendor RFPs, vendor comparisons, product selection, business process analysis, stakeholder management, steering committee management, timelines, cost management, risk analysis, scope/ change management, task/ project completion monitoring, and technical support throughout the project lifecycle.  • Established Six Sigma project management procedures with fellow Sr. PM and CTO for entire company. Operations Analyst, Financial Planning & Analysis CommutAir dba United Express - North Olmsted, OH December 2016 to August 2017 • Completed financial analysis for Flight Operations and Safety programs including crew bonuses, salary and retention needs, instructor incentives and pay, and fleet improvements.  • Project Planning and financial review for software solutions, real estate projects, and safety programs including FOQA program selection, training facilities review, training/records software, and company initiatives tracking.  • Completed and presented advanced financial analysis reporting for finance department on Flight Operations and Safety events to department directors and airline executives.  • Provided financial and administrative support to the IT department with RFPs, requirements, vendor coordination, and internal coordination for multiple future projects. Graduate Assistant Center for Aviation Studies - Columbus, OH September 2013 to June 2015 of Engineering, Center for Aviation Studies, Columbus, OH  September 2013 to June 2015  • Assisted Seth Young, PhD, Director of the Department of Aviation, on aviation department projects and flight school operations.  • Provided teaching assistance with senior and graduate level Airport Planning, Design and Development courses covering FAA Regulations, Advisory Circulars, ACRP Reports in reference to initial airfield design, landside design, processes for planning various airport systems, site studies, master plans, environmental studies, capacity and delay analysis and analytical passenger and traffic forecasting.  • Mentoring and managing AAAE and Aviation student groups with research covering environmental airport concerns, airfield signage, general aviation revenue generation, and airside pavement suggestions. Logistical Maintenance Engineering Trainee - Maintenance Engineering SCEP Program US Department of Defense - Aberdeen, MD February 2008 to April 2014 • Provided support to Army Communications Command with maintenance supply chain management for active US Army electronics weapon systems.  • Assisted maintenance engineers in Acquisition Requirements Packages, contract review, and repair part classification for Army Wireless Communication weapon systems.  • Managed inventory of replacement and repairable parts for various deployed Army systems including forecasting, reporting and quality analysis.  • Assisted the maintenance in developing Budget Estimate Submissions for FY09-11. Education Bachelors of Science in Aviation in City and Regional Planning The Ohio State University, Knowlton School of Architecture - Columbus, OH 2013 to 2015 The Ohio State University, School of Engineering - Columbus, OH June 2012 Skills Outlook, budget, Estimating