Senior Commission Analyst Senior Commission Analyst Senior Commission Analyst - ANSYS Springfield, VT Business professional bringing extensive project management and business operation experience.  Strength in analytics, payroll processing, problem solving, training and development. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior Commission Analyst ANSYS - Lebanon, NH July 2017 to Present Administration of commission plans, system setup and maintenance, calculating commissions,  working with global payroll departments. Responsible for managing commission calculations  worldwide. Currently process commission for 5 regions, 300+ employees. Duties include collecting,  analyzing and inputting data using Oracle Financials, Siebel and Xactly. Process monthly and quarterly commissions and bonuses. Maintain detailed, accurate, organized records of payouts,  calculations and adjustments. Maintain onboarding and termination process for all Sales regions.  Evaluate and update current SOP's for sales compensation team. Setup trainings as needed for Sales  team. Work with Sales and Audit teams to resolve any commission questions or concerns. Category Manager Black River Produce May 2017 to July 2017 Responsible for management of 6 buyers and 1 admin, oversite of buying processes, analytics  review and report creation, and implementation. Inventory management. Monthly Goal setting.  Daily purchasing processes. Project Manager Black River Produce June 2014 to July 2017 Responsible for the implementation of a companywide ERP system, as well as daily software and hardware troubleshooting. Training of new staff, evaluation of current work flows, research and  development of new department work flows and processes. Generation of companywide SOP's.  Creation of analytical reporting for department managers and executives. Working with Accounting, Human Resources, Procurement, Transportation, Warehouse, IT and Sales departments to monitor activities that impacted daily operations. Developing communication and relationships  with users and programmers. Working independently on development of other projects as set by  executives and management staff. Company-wide technical support for a business operating 24-7. Credit Department Administrator/Payroll Processor Black River Produce July 2010 to July 2014 Credit department management, duties included processing driver credits, reconciling cash bags,  customer calls, and creation of analytical reports. Credit policy training and enforcement of credit  policy both with internal and external customers.  As Payroll Processor, I worked with the Director of Operations to create incentive based payroll  system for casework and piecework selectors. Processed incentive payroll weekly for 50+ selectors, as well as tracked deductions for pick errors, accuracy bonuses and yearly evaluation of incentive  payroll process. Worked with warehouse management team and Human Resource department to  ensure accuracy of payroll. IT Coordinator/ Proof Image Operator Black River Produce October 2009 to July 2010 Worked with management team to setup new user's accounts, trouble shoot errors, and diagnosis  system messages. Managed the startup of servers in the morning, set up check processing for each  day, and corrected errors from check proofing machines, corrected errors in credits and debits.  Communicated with tellers and other bank management teams as needed. Performed monthly  server and system checks and updates. Night Shipping Coordinator Black River Produce April 2008 to November 2009 Worked with transportation and shipping team to ensure the on time departure of 30+ route  trucks. Developed palletizing program to help with loading of delivery trucks. Processed  corrections to invoices, scheduled pickups, printed delivery documents for drivers. Trained and oversaw the night shipping team. Worked with management team to identify and communicate  needs of the department. Education Associates of Science in Business Administration Community College Of Vermont Tourism and Culinary Arts River Valley Technical Center Diploma Springfield High School Skills compensation (5 years), Data Extraction (5 years), Excel (10+ years), Oracle (Less than 1 year), Siebel (Less than 1 year) Additional Information Capable of working in a high pace environment. Self-starter with the ability to balance multiple, changing priorities while adhering to deadlines.Strong verbal, written and interpersonal  communication skills.Detail oriented independent thinker, with  strong organizational skills.    Technical Skills  - Siebel - S2K - Excel - Kronos  - IBM iSeries - Xactly - Data Extraction - Compensation  - Oracle - Microsoft Office - Google Sheets - Analytics