Global IT Project Manager/Sr.Infrastructure engineer/ Data Center Manager Global <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>/Sr.Infrastructure engineer/ Data Center <span class="hl">Manager</span> Global IT Project Manager/Sr.Infrastructure engineer/ Data Center Manager Houston, TX Looking for a full time career and willing to relocate and travel 100%. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Global IT Project Manager/Sr.Infrastructure engineer/ Data Center Manager Sabic November 2016 to June 2019 • Accomplishes information technology staff results by communicating job expectations; planning, monitoring, and appraising job results; coaching, counseling, and disciplining employees; initiating, coordinating, and enforcing systems, policies, and procedures.  • Maintains staff by recruiting, selecting, orienting, and training employees; maintaining a safe and secure work environment; developing personal growth opportunities.  • Maintains organization's effectiveness and efficiency by defining, delivering, and supporting strategic plans for implementing information technologies.  • Recommends information technology strategies, policies, and procedures by evaluating organization outcomes; identifying problems; evaluating trends; anticipating requirements.  • Accomplishes financial objectives by forecasting requirements; preparing an annual budget; scheduling expenditures; analyzing variances; initiating corrective action.  • Meets financial objectives by forecasting requirements; preparing an annual budget; scheduling expenditures; analyzing variances; initiating corrective actions. Sr. IT Infrastructure Engineer/ Project Manager Rolls Royce June 2014 to March 2017 • Design, supervise and participate in the implementation of technologies and platforms supporting a complex corporate data and voice infrastructure of Cisco, Avaya, and Nortel. Active directory and exchange administrator. Cisco voice calls manager and unity. Xerox server admin.  • Ensure high availability of enterprise voice and data platforms that support internal employee business functions and external customer contact.  • Administering 80-90% virtual environments, using azure and 3rd party vendors such as Rackspace, Remedy, Spice works, Carpathia. RSA token ids server admin, deployment 10 yrs SharePoint admin, developer knowledge, and management.  • Troubleshoot and remediate fourth level issues affecting the operation of the corporate voice and data infrastructure.  • Serve as one of the primary points of contact for telecommunication carriers and service providers and coordinate circuit design, provisioning, installation and troubleshooting Cisco, Nortel and Avaya systems.  • Assist with planning and implementing systems and network integrations following LLD and SLA. Technical knowledge in VMWare, UNIX, Citrix, Linux, Solaris, Windows, IOS, etc. Storage management (SAN) design and support of Databases DB2, SQL Server, Oracle, MySQL, MS Access. WebSphere, join.me. Desktop Support and IT Administrator Alley Theatre February 2014 to June 2014 • Troubleshooting and resolve all problems encountered with hardware and software. Escalate requests to the appropriate party, as needed. Replace or repair defective parts and equipment. Active directory administrator creating new accounts, domain policies and permissions.  • VPN access and remote tools software and set up for users. VMWare maintenance and administrating. Malware sweep. Binding of server certificates and installing. Clearing out task reject ques. Reimaging and deployment of new images. SharePoint admin and developer. Creating new sites and editing privileges for different teams and management.  • Network engineering troubleshooting using putty; trace rt, sis, nts lookup. Conduct briefings and demonstrations for users to enhance system productivity  • Maintain and expand knowledge base in area of expertise. Perform routine server monitoring and performance benchmarking. Monitor and remove virus, spyware, and other non-authorized software. Troubleshooting IT systems when there is an issue reported by computer users.  • •Implementing security software and tools to ensure maximum security from outside threats.  • Mail and web server design and implementation for a moderately sized DSL provider offering POP3 accounts and virtual domain hosting, system administration and router management. Deploy and troubleshoot VPN configurations. IT Engineer / Programmer Prairie View A & M System SunGard August 2009 to July 2012 • Resolved computer issues on Windows7/XP and Mac OS X 10.6/10.7 ensuring that SLA (service level agreement) guidelines were met.  • MS Office 07/10 and IE 7/8/9 troubleshooting, wireless configuration, data backup, virus and spyware removal, and password resets.  • Setup Macintosh computers and adding them to the domain with dual boot options) also worked on SharePoint  • Installed and replaced various computer components and peripherals as needed (motherboards, video cards, RAM, network interface cards, printers, scanners, etc.)  • Assisted in the upgrade, reconfiguring of 600 Access Points throughout the campus, and made changes within the CISCO Wireless Control Center.  • New and existing employee training and development.  • Handled Technical support calls  • Used CISCO Clean Access Manager and CISCO ACS Firewall for security postures to allow computing devices, gaming consoles, apple devices, android devices, and Blackberry devices through the campus networks. Imaging, Ghost cast and Kbox software. Installing OS manually on hard drives.  • Desktop Support Technician assisting faculty students and teachers.  • Using Clean access overseeing 8,000+ database of clients each day and SharePoint Developer.  • Designed, developed and supported internal Enterprise Project Management system using Microsoft SharePoint 2007 and Project Server 2007, created to manage video game production process. Programmer/SharePoint admin and developer Lockheed Martin/ N.A.S.A March 2008 to July 2010 • Installed, repaired, maintained, and upgraded desktop and notebook computers; performed maintenance on printers.  • Inquiries in any given week and consistently met performance benchmarks in all areas (speed, accuracy, volume).  • Became the lead "go-to" person for new reps and particularly challenging calls as one of the company's primary mentors/trainers of both new and established employees.  • Helped company attain the highest customer service ratings (as determined by external auditors) -- earned 100% marks in all categories including communication skills, listening skills, problem resolution and politeness.  • Officially commended for initiative, enthusiasm, tenacity, persuasiveness, intense customer focus and dependability in performance evaluations.  • Completed voluntary customer service training to learn ways to enhance customer satisfaction and improve productivity.  • Helped train N.A.S.A astronauts, in the manual operation of shuttle flight controls.  • Designed and developed programs to train employees on new software efficient with Turbo Demo, Gimp, Gnav, recording tools and Visio.  • Administer and created web parts for SharePoint sites Developed Training package for Flight controllers using automatic configuration tool called Mact designed to work in Linux.  • Debriefed immediate supervisor, conducted, organized meetings and safety regulations. Education Bachelor of Science in Management Information Systems Prairie View A&M University - Prairie View, TX May 2012 Bachelor of Science in Management Information Systems Prairie View A&M University - Prairie View, TX May 2012 Skills Project manager, Security, Sharepoint, Active directory, Cisco, Data center, Itil, Citrix, Vmware, Database, Oracle, Android, Ios, Iso, Visio, Sap, Sow, Budgets, Customer service, Procurement, PMP, Human Resource, Ecommerce, Feasibility Additional Information Skills  • WPM 60/ 10 key. Proficient in All Capture and SharePoint.  • ISO certified  • Excellent knowledge in Microsoft Office Suite, Access, and Visio.  • 4+yrs SharePoint developer, 12+ yrs. SAP Procurement/ Oracle database. SOW, SOP/ P.R, P.O, SLA Contracts    • Security Clearance, Service now, Citrix Mobile apps/ Data Center Manager  • PM certified, Support customer and servers.5 yrs. Project Manager experience  • 9 yrs. customer service 1 yr. Ground control experience, 6 yrs. Managerial and supervisor experience. Managed 7global teams and worked with over 2 mill budgets    •Installing Software and Hardware  Active directory, VMware,  Cisco appliance, , Oracle. Android and IOS devices (8yrs). Multiple site helpdesk.  • ITIL foundation and service 6 sigma