Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager - Qlik Orlando, FL Results-oriented, analytical professional with 25+ years' experience  increasing company performance and profitability through IT  leadership, project management, and people management. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager Qlik - Orlando, FL January 2019 to Present Area  • Develop, track and manage project budgets, project plans, timelines, and scope  • Manage project resources including procuring project staff like Analysts and Engineers,  developing, motivating, coaching, and advising  • Partner closely with other members of functional project teams to define  business requirements  • Define test plans and ensure that products are defect free before User  Acceptance Testing  • Facilitate the User Acceptance Testing process, developing rollout plans and procedures  • Prepare and present cost-benefit analyses  • Ensure appropriate systems development and project management  processes are being utilized  • Make presentations to steering committees or project sponsors BI ETL Reports Architect McLarens Aviation January 2017 to November 2018 Deliver a robust, sustainable business intelligence program to achieve company objectives. Determine priorities, set goals, and execute strategic planning to manage a team of 14 Developers, Business Analysts, and Data Architects. Work cross-functionally to transform raw data into business intelligence that will help drive business decisions. Proactively communicate with stakeholders to provide data that empowers them with insights needed to make informed, valuable decisions.    • Increase company performance by training and mentoring junior employees for career development  • Design and implement new reporting architecture for base systems software.  • Globally rolled out reporting solution to all continents sans polar caps. Software Engineering Manager TransCore January 2016 to January 2017 1 year 1 month)  Orlando FL  Managed a team including one Technical PM, two DBAs, two BAs, and three  vendors to develop and implement data migration strategies to a centralized  data location for use in ERP. Created ICD mapping and overall ETL strategy to migrate current na legacy data into one central location.  • Designed centralized data repository for federal customer service system for toll systems on the eastern seaboard.  • Managed complete project scope, schedule, and budget for all activities  to steer the planning and execution of a complex project and ensure timely  deliverables Solution Architect GCI Internet Solutions - Orlando, FL January 2014 to January 2016 Area  Delivered technical IT leadership to define the overall infrastructure and acted  as a Project Manager to oversee IT assignments aimed at improving the business units. Facilitated trainings and mentored DBA teams in managing  day-to-day database operations.  • Architected and implemented SQL Server Configuration, ETL Processes, and Hardware Configuration.  • Designed a new approach to data analysis for a B2B credit banking entity.  • Automated five seats of positions and created a more of a friendly super user  environment.  • Developed new approach to save $1.5M over five years for the current  system. Sr Data Architect Universal American - Lake Mary, FL January 2014 to January 2015 Served as technical Subject Matter Expert in data and data analytics centric  projects to support the full delivery cycle of the solution. Developed and supported the realization of technology projects and strategies in alignment with the business strategic priorities.  • Automated acquisition of daily Medicare data feeds  • Designed new processes to replace seven manual positions and create a super-user environment. Delivery Manager Dell January 2013 to January 2014 1 year 1 month)  Managed the total project scope for the delivery of Flexera product  implementation for large scale international client. Led a team of five  Developers, two Data Analysts, and one Data Architect to provide project  deliverables.  • Automated software asset management processes  • Provided a conduit to management to gain a better understanding of the deployment of both hardware and software in their divisions and associating a  cost factor.  • Implemented an upgrade strategy for retired hardware and software that was  causing legacy issues in the enterprise. St Manager BI Data Delivery and Acquisition RCG Global Services January 2012 to January 2013 1 year 1 month)  Managed a team of nine to spearhead the analysis and re-design of reporting  process for sales & marketing reporting processes and data & delivery of reporting per corporate requirements.  • Automated over 50 manual processes in acquiring data regarding property  availability for timeshare management companies.  • Provided a design in automating four desktop systems, alleviating those  desktop costs with tools existing in the environment. IT Manager Ecc Consulting January 2011 to January 2012 1 year 1 month)  Accountable for the rewrite and re-design of Hazardous Waste system  previously written on the Access 2005 platform. Managed a team of eight. Conversion efforts included analysis and reverse engineering of  current backend database, input forms, interactive help systems, business  requirements, and rules development to convert into the Microsoft SQL 2008  R2 environment. Activities included a relational database system, a analysis  cube, .NET (ASP.NET) forms implementation and backend reporting on performance, costs analysis, financial movement, interactive load placement, and freight movement and delivery analysis.  • Demonstrated strong vendor management skills including contract  management, vendor and expense management, and leveraged negotiation  skills to ensure the company received the highest level of value possible.  • Saved the company $300,000 in hardware cost by migrating to an offsite  based solution in a managed space. Production/Development Lead Data Architect BBA Aviation plc January 2010 to January 2011 1 year 1 month)  Managed a team of four DBAs and Network Engineers to provide a conduit for data to the enterprise.  • Successfully completed automation of satellite POS systems data acquisition  into central accounting system.  • Developed processes and procedures to replace legacy technologies. Education Comuter Science and Information Systems Park University 1991 to 1993 Associate of Arts and Sciences in AAS, Computer/Information Technology Southeast Community College 1987 to 1989 Computer and Information Sciences Park University 1984 to 1987 University of Nebraska - Lincoln, NE Skills DATABASE, DATABASE ARCHITECTURE, ENTERPRISE ARCHITECTURE, ARCHITECTURE, Scheduling, budget, Outlook, Estimating Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/fred-lauer-8838a6a1?jobid=1234&lipi=urn%3Ali%3Apage%3Ad_jobs_easyapply_pdfgenresume%3Bee8RT11KTEqVdrRmv2yM%2BQ%3D%3D&licu=urn%3Ali%3Acontrol%3Ad_jobs_easyapply_pdfgenresume-v02_profile Certifications/Licenses Driver's License Additional Information Top Skills  Project Management  Enterprise Architecture  database architecture