Network Operations Officer Network Operations Officer Fayetteville, NC Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Network Operations Officer North Carolina Army National Guard - Charlotte, NC May 2019 to Present Acts as Asst S6 OIC and subject matter expert on all network communications operations and IT related matters within the organization. Oversees the organization’s local area network configuration and usage of organizations network capabilities. Coordinates with other organizations and units in order to provide network services and support other missions. G6 Project Officer / SOC Forensic Analyst North Carolina National Guard Joint Force Headquarters - Raleigh, NC October 2018 to Present Manages various projects within the G6 to include mobilization preparations, state-wide cyber security assessments, and planning and coordinating tactical communications and cybersecurity training. Assists in state coordinated security assessments, conducting compliance checks on state-owned systems and networks. Participates in State Active Duty cybersecurity incident and network intrusion prevention with a defensive cyber operations element. Utilizes forensic software such as EnCase, FTK, Autopsy, and various capture tools to conduct forensic investigations on compromised systems from malicious activity or user misuse. Developing the forensic investigation program and creating SOPs and policies for the organization. IT Manager / Signal Officer North Carolina Army National Guard May 2013 to April 2019 Acting as the senior advisor and subject matter expert to the Battalion Commander and Staff on all signal and communications related matters. Responsible for supervision of all automated information systems, network management, Computer Network Defense (CND), and Cybersecurity. Accountable for security, care, and maintenance of all  communications equipment within the battalion. Responsible for developing Army training at the battalion level in regards to military and network communications. Information Security Engineer / HBSS Administrator Jacob's Technologies - Fort Bragg, NC November 2016 to March 2018 Monitored and analyzed security trends and logs for over 30,000 systems within a major government organization. Utilized security monitoring tools such as McAfee enterprise Policy Orchestrator (ePO) and other Host Based Security System products and Splunk dashboards to monitor systems and network for potential security threats and incidents. Coordinated with Cyber Network Defense team and Cyber Security Incident Response Team in responding, isolating, locating, and investigating potential security incidents. Utilized Microsoft System Center Configuration Manager (SCCM) to build and manage collections for patch management of Microsoft and third-party software updates and deployments. Participated in the development and implementation of policies, procedures and standards related to information security, privacy and incident response. Assisted in maintaining a library of security audit tools, and corresponding processes that can be used for system security testing, internal audits, incident response, and diagnosis of security-related system issues. IT Manager / Joint Detention Group S6 US Army November 2015 to October 2016 Deployed in support of Operation ENDURING FREEDOM, acting as the senior advisor, subject matter expert, and first responder for all communications and IT related matters. Accountable for security, care, and maintenance of all communications equipment within the task force to include security forces and detention centers. Managed a tier one help desk of three personnel, working in conjunction with the J6 Help Desk in conducting initial troubleshooting procedures in order to mitigate simple issues and elevating issues as needed.  Cybersecurity Engineer Spectrum Comm. Inc - Fort Bragg, NC September 2014 to November 2015 Performed tasks such as auditing in support of DoDI 8500.2 and AR 25-2 technical and non-technical IA control implementation for information systems, custom software applications, and databases. Performed manual and automated audits in accordance with DISA STIG compliance using government approved tools and standards and reported security vulnerabilities. Conducted audits and managed asset vulnerability  utilizing government approved tools and systems such as SCAP Compliance Checker (SCC), Vulnerability Management System (VMS), Continuous Monitoring and Risk Scoring (CMRS), and Assured Compliance Assessment Solution (ACAS). Validated IA controls and their validation procedures annually. Performed post-certification follow-up  assessments. Reviewed, verified, and edited standard operating procedures (SOPs) and compliance policies. Conducted assessments to verify systems and applications were compliant for use within the Army Reserve network (ARNET). Education Bachelor of Science in Business Administration - Management University of North Carolina at Pembroke - Pembroke, NC August 2010 to May 2013 Skills Management (8 years), Communications (6 years), Customer Service Skills (6 years), Leadership Training (9 years), Sharepoint (1 year), Information Security (4 years), Policy Development (1 year), SOP Military Service Branch: Army Service Country: United States Rank: CPT May 2013 to Present Signal Officer  MOS - 25A Commendations: ARCOM  ARCAM  NDSM  HSM  MOVSM  ASR  OSR  AFRMM  GWOT-EM  GWOT-SM Certifications/Licenses CompTIA Network+ May 2017 to May 2020 CompTIA Security+ May 2017 to May 2020 Intel Security Product Specialist - ePO April 2018 to April 2021 Additional Information • 48 months of experience in computer hardware, software, networking, and network  security  • Knowledge of and experience in Cybersecurity/Information Assurance  • Experience with vulnerability compliance tools  • Experience in simple hardware and software computer troubleshooting  • Experience with basic computer functions and Microsoft Office software  • Knowledge of Windows and Mac operating systems  • Over 108 months of small group leadership and management experience  • Over 72 months total experience in working in a team setting  • Managed unit SharePoint site by creating and modifying permissions/groups and  creating group sites  • Experience includes business management courses, small unit tactical mission  planning and execution, and supervising operations and maintenance of military  radio and networking systems