IT Specialist Sr. <span class="hl">IT</span> Specialist Sr. Houston, TX Management, I’ve been in this industry more than 15 years ago. I did different project construction, safety, security , IT, and more. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Specialist Sr. C&J Energy Services - Houston, TX November 2018 to Present • Corporate IT office, manage all received issue through calls, email, or tickets and assign some to myself, my team, or other department.  • Manage inhouse employee computer   • Member of MFA and FX Projects.  • Manage AD, SCCM, Office 365, Azure, etc.  • Configured, test and troubleshoot client servers both (HP & Dell) remotely and on-site  • Team member of IT Tech to install and support projects for new exiting client.  • Maximized performance of the server with software and hardware repair or update.  • Replace parts of the server (Fan, Hard, Ram, Processor, etc.) or extend the capacity of hard per client’s requests.  • Check the servers’ issues in through scheduled weekly or monthly site visit maintenance to check QA before the clients find out the issue.   • Fixed all issues regarding computers, accounts, printers, hardware, software, etc.  • Monitor daily activates on the company network and make sure everything secure, also provide the employees and new hire with urgent training online regarding how to secure company equipment and information, and our client as well.  • Responsible for all issue regarding Microsoft office 365, email, SharePoint, Cisco, VPN, Printer, Servers, AD, create new or disable accounts according to HR request, gave permissions to personnel or groups, Phone connection Issues, MS Azure, etc.   • Provide remote support using Teamviwer, Skype, or AD.  •  Install, deploy, and support Cisco IP Phones.  • Assist with help desk queue.  • Push applications and software updates via SMS. Project Manager and Assistant ANDY FRAIN SERVICES - Houston, TX November 2017 to November 2018 • Managed project budget of $25+M and ensured company obtained profitability. Minimized risk and reduced annual costs. Led 9 Supervisors' hours and 300 guards total 356 a day. Managed facility operations.  • Served as an Events' Estimator, provided Houston clients with financial data to achieve their goals for events.  • Provided site tours with clients through the whole building, outlining services needed including medical team, security event staff, Food & Beverage, Internet, communication and power supplies and presented budget for approval.  • Managed Human Resources including selection and placement, performance reviews, attendance management, daily activates, conflict resolution; check monthly cost, quantity and employee hour budgets between actual and estimated budget, scheduling. Prepared a weekly work schedule to the President and General Manager, and payroll, maintained vacations and ensure appropriate personnel available for duty and replacement then when necessary.  • Proactively identified risks and issues on projects, led team to develop risk management and issues management plans.  • Provided the client with all training schedule for our team to keep the client aware about ongoing training.  • Acted on behalf of General Managers in their absence during the meetings.  • Maintained daily contact with maintenance dept. to check CCTV, Fire, and Panic Button system, also schedule monthly training and testing for all system. Coordinated work and client proposals, specifications, and related documents.  • Prepared reports by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing information and trends.  ACCOMPLISHMENTS  • Restructured operations and increased performance from 70% to 100% by implementing new strategies including training programs, financial analysis, performance evaluations, risk management tools.  • Created new procedures for safety and security to whole facility.  • Spearheaded major events increasing profitability and client satisfaction. Operations Manager MINUTE MAID PARK - Houston, TX February 2018 to October 2018 Independent Operations Manager, Managing the events, Managing the facility Protection officer FEMA - HOMELAND SECURITY - Houston, TX September 2017 to February 2018 Working with Federal Agency FEMA- HOMELAND SECURITY, supported Federal teams during and after Hurricane Harvey. Operations Manager ANDY FRAIN SERVICES 2016 to 2017 • Managed more than 17 security accounts in and around the Houston area and served as the key point of client contact to ensure the delivery of high-quality security service for the client. Managed facility operations.  • Coordinated Human Resource programs; recruiting, onboarding, scheduling, training and weekly meetings.  • Handled payroll submissions, verifications and adjustments. Prepared and presented audit results at scheduled meetings or as requested by client security management. Visited job sites to conduct safety audits on personnel, equipment and materials. Evaluated, assessed and altered safety procedures and policies, ensured all employees followed on various job sites, organized safety training for employees and reported problems to The Director of Facility.  • Analyzed accident reports and evaluated injury case studies based on available facts  • Prepared and conducted safety training sessions for employees and vendors.  • Ensured compliance with all regulatory bodies and standards (including OSHA, EPA, etc.).  • Identified areas for improvement, defined goals, developed, and implemented action items.  • Interacted with client management and evaluated service quality while implementing corrective measure.  • Managed controllable costs ensuring compliance with financial parameters defined on the pricing model.  • Participated in client initiatives and programs, including conference calls, EHS/facilities project meetings, or ACCOMPLISHMENT:  • Implemented new customer service program reducing complaints increasing business partnerships and profitability. Partial client list included: Harmony Public School 5 locations in Houston, Universal Weather and Aviation, Sagemont Church, Forward Air Solutions 2 locations one in Humble and second in Houston and Lesley Ann Jewels. Led recruitment strategy to hire additional staff and reduced overtime. Site Supervisor/ Project Coordinator GRB - Houston, TX April 2015 to June 2016 • Assisted in the development of project proposals, cost estimates and budgets, timelines and schedules.  • Prepared reports for Project Managers on status of all services provided for our project.  • Assisted in the coordination of all personnel: vendors, contractors, etc., necessary to complete the project.  • Provided risk analysis, feedback and recommendations/ corrective measures to Project Management.  • Defined problems, find causes, generate solutions, select the best solution, and verify solution effectiveness.  • Greeted all visitors, vendors, and employees; while continuously maintained the standards of excellence in presentation, and professionalism. Performed management skills; hire, fire and train new hires.  • Developed and implemented security procedures and compliance with facility policies and procedures and applicable State and federal laws.  • Maintained a working knowledge of all emergency policies, procedures and regulations; respond immediately to emergency alarms or calls for help, determine course of action, notify appropriate authorities and assist as needed.  • Reported to Operations Manager daily and weekly regarding the project.  ACCOMPLISHMENTS:  • Managed numerous events including the Super Bowl. Served as a Contractor for CBRE facility management company to provide services to Wells Fargo. Held client meetings, security and estimates. Site Supervisor G4S FOR SECURE SOLUTIONS - Houston, TX February 2013 to April 2015 American InterContinental University  • Managed client requests, maintained company/client confidentiality.  • Ensured quality of service and contract compliance by regularly inspecting security personnel and their job performance, when assigned to his/her shift. Referred all complaints and incident reports to the campus President.  • Maintained daily activity reports, payroll; submitted all incident reports.  • Managed facility operations. Education Master of Business Administration in Administration in Administration/Management American InterContinental University - Houston, TX June 2014 to August 2015 Bachelor of Law in International Law in Law University of Baghdad - Baghdad, IQ October 1997 to July 2001 Skills OPERATIONS (10+ years), ESTIMATING (2 years), PROJECT MANAGEMENT (10+ years), SECURITY (10+ years), HUMAN RESOURCES (3 years), Office Management (4 years), Event Management (5 years), Safety (5 years), SAP, Customer Service, Strategic Planning, Information Technology, Desktop Support, Help Desk, It Specialist, IT Service Management (7 years), Scheduling, Inventory Management, Payroll, Office 365 (9 years), Active Directory (9 years), Microsoft Azure (7 years) Military Service Branch: Air Force Service Country: United States Rank: E1 IT April 2019 to Present Additional Information SKILLS  • Management  • Project Management  • Security Operations  • Finance    • Safety  • Event Planning  • Facility Manager  • Construction & Estimating    • Client Relations  • Human Resources/Office Manager  • Process Improvements