Scrum Master Scrum Master Utilize my project management skills, experience and education to lead teams and projects in technology fields while delivering objectives on time, under budget, and within the guidelines of the stakeholders. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Scrum Master UnitedHealth Group September 2015 to Present IT Project Coordinator/ Project Manager Robert half - Rochester, MN March 2015 to September 2016 Responsibilities  Plan, coordinate, and manage enterprise wide projects and activities across the organization.    - Consult stakeholders and business units on projects from small to enterprise wide.  - Partner with the IT Managers, Project Managers, and other key positions to ensure IT/Business relationships and projects are successful.   - Implemented project standardization around process improvement, communication, status reports, project metrics and resource allocation. IT System Administrator The Affiliated Group - Rochester, MN September 2014 to March 2015 Manage IT related tasks and projects while prioritizing items based on project plans, budget allocation and guidelines of various stakeholders.    - Cloud based Phone System integration and management for 200 users.  - Workstation and server management: patches, upgrades and support Senior Help Desk Analyst/ Project Manager SPS Commerce Inc - Minneapolis, MN September 2013 to September 2014 Multi-Departmental collaboration on business/ IT Systems and managing simple to complex projects from inception to close.    - Project Tracking, System Migration, and Enterprise implementation of technologies.  - Project leader for cloud based phone system implementation project of 800+ users.  - Management, deployment, and administration of corporate migration to Office 365.  - Implemented JIRA service desk and workflow customization.  - Project leader for JAMF and OSX platform implementation. Education Master in CIS and IT Project Management Boston Un 2014 to 2016 B.A. in Health and Exercise Science Gustavus Adolphus College - Saint Peter, MN Skills Project Management (5 years), Microsoft Office (7 years), Project Metrics (2 years), Java (1 year), SQL (1 year), Visio (2 years), Project 2013 (2 years), SharePoint 2007/2013 (3 years), JIRA (2 years) Additional Information Professional Skills and Abilities  - Concurrent project management with varying project size, complexity, deadlines and budgets.  - Scope planning, schedule development, budget and cost control.  - Create and provide end-user training on business and IT systems.  - Critical time and task management skills with high levels of attention to detail.  - Java, SQL, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Visio, Project 2013, SharePoint 2007/2013, JIRA.  - Excellent interpersonal communication skills based on customer service experience.