Project Manager/Scrum Master <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>/Scrum Master Duke Energy - Project Manager/Scrum Master - Fossil Hydro Charlotte, NC Highly skilled Project Management professional with more than 6 years working in cross-functional environments that offers seamless collaboration with department heads, management, business partners and third-party vendors. Strong detail orientation with outstanding written and verbal communication skills and the ability to communicate across all business units and levels. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager/Scrum Master Duke Energy - Charlotte, NC June 2018 to Present • Conduit between the IT department, business partners, end users, and vendors to gain efficiencies, implement and communicate system process changes and develop workflow improvements for a data storage and reporting system.  • Established and maintained effective working relationships with internal and external contacts  • Assisted in the creation of communications with key stakeholders to develop effective process scope, configuration, usability and project implementation awareness.  • Developed and maintained program documentation as required.  • Performed and participated in program and system testing and validation. IT Project Manager - Compliance/Audit Movement Mortgage February 2017 to January 2018 • Managed business/functional requirements and testing for the implementation of six (6) Process Unity Instances based on CFPB requirements: Exam Management, Change Management, Consumer Complaints, Testing & Monitoring, Policy & Procedures, Ops/Compliance Issues  • Directed the implementation of a formal Change Management program, including internal processes, adoption and usage.  • Served as a member of the Risk Management task force used to identify and assess current or potential organizational risk.  • Conducted CFPB mandated FHA branch audits throughout the contiguous US and implemented the standard audit procedures for all other auditors.  • Directed the integration of the Compliance Management Systems in Process Unity in to DOMO dashboard software for Executive level department oversight  • Provided LOS software UAT and Official Communication of Sales Training for 2018 CFPB HMDA implementation and rollout  • Conducted 2016 HMDA LAR lookback with outside vendor in preparation of CFPB audit based on published exam procedures  • Created project plans via MS Project and used SharePoint as a central repository for enterprise wide efforts  • Maintained weekly Compliance Department report for Chief Compliance Officer  • Implemented ServiceNow ticketing system for Compliance email inbox to maximize efficiency  • Served as liaison between Compliance and Technology departments  • Evaluated daily progress made on tasks and deliverables, applying adjustments as needed to mitigate variances, issues and risks Sr. Business Systems Analyst Spectrum Business April 2016 to February 2017 • Analyzed billing accounts in Salesforce.com and creates parent/child account hierarchy for Enterprise customers and prospects in Salesforce.  • Communicated with Sales Management, providing updates and addressing questions concerning the construct of the parent/child hierarchies for each account. IT Business Analyst II Bank of America October 2015 to February 2016 • Managed statements of work and contract change orders from Strategic Partners within our Lines of Business.  • This includes our offshore business partners in India.  • Liaison between internal Lines of Business and Vendor POC's in terms of translation of business requirements.  • Create and facilitate efficient and cost effective solutions and analyze systems specification to meet business requirements.  • Ensure clean and accurate documentation that may include aspects such as business requirements, client requirements, and technical specifications, and write findings in form of reports, which may be used in professional publications. Supply Chain Data Analyst Qualitest Pharmaceuticals May 2015 to October 2015 • Maintain and analyze order data through heavy Excel management. Strong Excel skills include VLOOKUPs, pivot tables, queries, etc.  • Provide daily reporting, both written and verbal, to Executive Leadership Team.  • Assist in the Schedule Attainment measurement and anticipate backorders through analysis of weeks-of-stock information. Determine resolution dates using production schedule. Identify opportunities to improve customer service through schedule changes.  • Track batches planned vs. batches complete monthly and unshipped products to obtain updates on disposition. Lowe's National Sales Account Analyst JELD-WEN, inc February 2013 to December 2014 Project Management:  • Developed project charters, budgets and high level project scope to present to stakeholders for approval.  • Obtained budgets (all inclusive), completed initial planning and risk analysis with stakeholders, including CIO and IT PMO.  • Coordinated all meetings with interior departments (Sales, MarComm, and Visual Merchandising) and exterior business partners (Vendors, Manufacturing Plants).  • Extracted information from meetings and conversations (via face-to-face, email and text) to translate into tasks to be disseminated to different team members.  • Served as liaison between Sales and Technology departments.  • Facilitated interpersonal relationships between stakeholders, while providing analysis, logistic and sales deliverables to the projects.  • Tracked project deliverables via weekly meetings and provided meeting materials.  • Evaluated daily progress made on tasks and deliverables, applying adjustments as needed to mitigate variances, issues and risks.  • Provided proactive resolution to risk/conflict management.  • Managed invoicing & billing inside of projects.  • Provided budget and timeline updates to key stakeholders.  • Maintained and updated project tracking in SharePoint.  • Utilized SharePoint as deliverable receptacle.  Account Analysis:  • Supported the Lowe's Channel VP of Sales and the National Account Managers for Windows and Doors.  • Created ad-hoc sales reports & analysis utilizing SQL via Salesforce.com (SFDC, sales support & metrics), Sales Managers Toolbox (SMT, direct sales to Lowe's), Vendor DART (Lowe's consumer sales), STAT & QlikView (Lowe's online sales).  • SFDC Administrator & Support Analyst for both desktop and mobile applications (SDLC)  * Project coordinator responsible for setup, rollout and training of Lowe's Sales Team for both desktop and mobile applications.  • Collaborated with Digital Strategy, MarComm & Visual Merchandising teams on current client projects, including product display logistics for Lowe's window and door display resets.  • Heavy Excel reporting (pivot tables, vlookups, data mining, etc.) Purchasing / Account Manager John - Edwards, CO February 2008 to October 2011 • Managed order and inventory schedules for Key Accounts, including Nestle, Kellogg, Church & Dwight, etc.  • Produced daily shipping manifest and received new product into inventory  • Produced sales analysis, inventory and open order reports via MAS90 and Crystal Reports  • Analyzed planning data to generate material requisitions and purchase orders to suppliers in a timely manner to meet customer shipping dates  • Monitored price variances, product technical deviations, invoice discrepancies vs. RFQ  • Managed current pricing and new product information  • Handled Accounts Payable/Accounts Receivable  • Maintained accounting journal and general ledger entries Education Associates Degree in Accounting in Accounting South Piedmont Community College December 2012 Skills Jira, Pivot tables, Life cycle, Sdlc, System development, Agile Scrum, Scrum, Scrum Master, PM Links http://Salesforce.com Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  • Agile, Scrum, & Waterfall Methodologies  • System Development Life Cycle (SDLC)  • BDR (Requirements/Deliverables) and Business Process Mapping  • Process Unity & Salesforce.com Administration  • Jira, ServiceNow, SmartSheet  • Advanced Excel, including Pivot Tables, VLOOKUP, etc.  • Strong Microsoft Office Suite, including PowerPoint & Project