IT Support Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Support <span class="hl">Manager</span> Director of IT Support Indianapolis, IN Experienced in strategic technology planning with a focus on high-quality, end-user technology solutions and positive customer service experiences to meet and exceed developing business demands within a diverse organization. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Support Manager Purdue University Northwest - Hammond, IN June 2018 to Present Oversee a team of 9 desktop support staff in support operations and projects for two campuses within a fast-paced, higher education environment. Ensure high-quality user experiences and expectations are met and exceeded consistently. Provide hardware and software solutions for academic and business use from piloting, procurement, implementation, and training to users. Lead weekly team meetings, mentor and provide professional development opportunities, and perform annual staff evaluations to meet goals.  Key Achievements:  • Reinforced deeper understanding of desktop operations KPI's to my team, with a focus on allowing the data to drive technicians to strive for excellence in areas of customer service and effective technical support.  • Improved computer replacement program by streamlining the implementation process by utilizing student desktop technicians giving students excellent technical exposure in tier 1 support. This in turn allowed tier 2/3 technicians to concentrate on urgent and more complex desktop issues. IT Project Manager Consultant - Remote June 2017 to June 2018 Provided consulting and project management to K-12 schools in planning and implementing 1:1 initiatives. Information Systems Supervisor Bethesda Health - Boynton Beach, FL June 2017 to September 2017 Ensured HIPAA compliance to Help-desk and Data Systems processes. Analyzed data and created weekly reports on information systems, presented at management meetings. Procured necessary hardware and applications and oversaw their installation and implementation. Managed a staff of (6-9) Information System Support Analysts.  Key Achievements:  * Established system of accountability and positive communication in department, leading to improved technical support and first-call resolution time by 33% within first 60 days.  * Improved department culture by establishing excellent communication expectations, reorganizing technology office with focus on safety, productivity, and overall morale. Regional Director of Information Technology Lighthouse Academies - Gary, IN July 2014 to June 2017 Managed all phases of IT projects, including planning, design, and implementation of software, hardware, and infrastructure varying in size and complexity. Trained staff and assisted in technology integration in classrooms. Interviewed and hired new IT talent, providing training, evaluations, and corrective actions. Mentored staff, delegated work and projects, and provided assistance as needed. Participated in regional leadership and board meetings. Created a four-year technology refreshment plan and accompanying budget.  Key Achievements:  * Authored and awarded $20k grant launching STEM program for under-represented students; coordinated & prepared Erate RFP; authored technical portion of charter renewal application securing an unprecedented 5-year renewal commitment from Ball State University authorizer.  * Established IT operations metrics, focusing on policy, procedure, training, and technical support, improving SUPPORT by 30%. Systems Analyst/Product Specialist Five-Star Technology Solutions - Sellersburg, IN November 2010 to June 2014 Prepared proprietary data analysis software for public release by conducting quality assurance tests. Designed full scale implementation procedures of data analysis software and management of student data. Extensive management with internal teams across multiple departments to ensure timely and accurate project implementation. Functioned as team lead supporting change management for staff and systems within education environment. Extensive practical experience in remote and on-site support for network servers and users. Education Master's in Management and Leadership, concentration in Project Management Purdue Global - Indianapolis, IN 2019 to 2021 Bachelor of Science in Management in Management Indiana Wesleyan University - Marion, IN 2016 Associate of Science in Computer Information Technology in Computer Information Technology Indiana Wesleyan University - Marion, IN 2014 Skills Software Protocols, & Directory Services: Windows Server 2003-2016, Windows Desktop OS 7-10, Microsoft Office Suite (7-16, O365), Project, Active Directory, DHCP, DNS, Group Policy, Barracuda, Symantec Enterprise, McAffee, LANDesk, Connectwise, Labtech, Trackit, Smart Deploy, Altiris, Google Apps for Education, Daptiv, and more (10+ years), Hardware: CompTIA A+ Certified, Local & Network Copier/Printer Setup, Audio/Visual Equipment, Interactive Smartboards, Video Conference Systems, VoIP & Digital Phone Systems, iPad, Chromebook, Desktops/Laptops, Network Infrastructure, Access Control Systems, ID Badge Systems, IP Camera Systems, and more (10+ years), Service Desk, Desktop Support, Tech Support Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/kenacan Certifications/Licenses CompTIA A+ September 2003 to Present Groups Project Management Institute • PMI South Florida, Calumet, & Michiana Chapters, Member October 2016 to Present