Junior Project Manager Junior <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Junior Project Manager - The Team Companies, LLC Los Angeles, CA • Overall experience as an IT Project Coordinator and Software Quality Assurance Analyst, well-versed with all stages of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC)  • Certified Scrum Master.  • Responsible for two Agile Scrum teams and two Kanban teams  • Facilitate Scrum Daily standups, Sprint Planning, Sprint Review & Sprint Retrospective meetings.  • Responsible for Project Progress, Prioritizing Projects and communicating the same to the Stakeholders.  • Help the Project Manager with multiple Projects in the Company.  • Experience in designing test cases, creating test plans and executing test cases.  • Good Experience on Selenium IDE, Selenium 2.0 Web Driver by using Java (STS), HP Quality  Test Center, Load Runner.  • Experience in working with Media, Banking, and Finance domains.  • Expertise in designing and developing strategic Test plans, Test Cases, and Test Reports for manual test.  • Extensive work experience on Functionality Testing, GUI Testing, Regression Testing, Integration Manual Testing, System Testing, User Acceptance Testing, Black Box Testing, Ad-Hoc and End to End testing.  • Experience testing web-based applications using testing tools like Quick Test Pro 11.0  • Used Quality Center, JIRA and IBM Clear Quest to manage, coordinate and report defects.  • Experience with JIRA, Portfolio, Confluence for Project Management.  • Quick learner, Self-motivated and problem-solving skills.  • Excellent technical analytical skills as well as logical reporting skills.  • Experience in dealing with on-site and off-shore teams, customers and stake holders  • Ability to interact with people at all levels of management effectively and professionally.  • Ability to work well in a dynamic fast paced team environment and plan activities without supervision. Work Experience Junior Project Manager The Team Companies, LLC - Burbank, CA June 2018 to Present • Experience coordinating and delivering projects through the entire lifecycle using a structured, Agile Scrum Methodology  • Creating and Maintaining Project Plans, Project Progress and Project Schedules to deliver the Projects on time.  • Report Project Status and Results to the upper Management and Stake holders after successfully deploying the Projects.  • Assisting in the Users and the Team during development process while maintaining a pleasant relationship with customers and group members.  • Responsible for two Agile Scrum Project which includes TTCV (OmniGen) and ESS (Employee Service portal  • Responsible for two Kanban Projects which includes TTCO (Light Speed) and TOCS.  • Worked closely with Product Owners, coordinating product backlog grooming and story estimation.  • Worked with Senior Management, Business & Project Manager to understand the vision of the product, prioritize and develop software release planning.  • Determined the team capacity (velocity) from historical data. Created Work Break down structure (user stories) and corresponding activities (tasks) IT Project Co-Ordinator & QA Analyst The Team Companies, LLC - Burbank, CA December 2018 to June 2019 • Worked with Stakeholders and Users to identify the Project requirements and their deliverables.  • Prioritizing the projects keeping in mind the urgency of the Stakeholders and the availability of the Dev Team without stressing the resources. [Executing the role of a Scrum Master for the Team]  • Project Prioritizing by talking to the Business - Thus, showing the Sprint Goal for the team  • Removing any impediments for the Team during Sprint  • Effectively using JIRA, Portfolio Management and Confluence for Sprint Planning.  • Setting up Daily Scrums, Sprint Planning, Retrospectives and Reviews and conducting them effectively.  • Communicating to the Business and upper Management about Planned Deployment and sprint Accomplishments.  • Helping the Stakeholders and users to test the Products delivered to them. Creating Test Data for the stake holders.  • Used Version Software Development Version control tools such as Git Hub and IBM Clear Case.  • Facilitating Deployment Activities and making right decisions about critical issues during deployment.  • Ensuring the test cases written by the Offshore teams are valid.  • Used JIRA manage, coordinate and report defects.  • Evaluated automated scripts and testing needs.  • Executed automation Scripts using UFT.  • Experience in Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) using Agile Methodology.  • Execute Browser Compatibility Testing (IE, Firefox) of Web based applications called TTCO, TTCV.  • Fully responsible and Led the QA process for two applications.  • Managed Offshore QA resources and allocated work to them daily to meet the deadline.  • Offshore Management of Resources Quality Assurance Analyst The Team Companies, LLC - Burbank, CA April 2017 to December 2018 • Executing manual and Automation test Cases. 70% Manual and 30% Automation.  • Fully well versed in STLC (Software Testing Life Cycle)  • Experience in designing the test cases, creating test plans and executing test cases effectively with a minimum time.  • Used JIRA to manage, coordinate and report defects.  • Used Confluence to manage test cases.  • Execute automation scripts using UFT.  • Tested Green Screen Application both manually and in automation.  • End to End testing of Web Based Applications which points to Green screen on the Back end.  • Execute Browser Compatibility Testing using Browser Stack on Web based applications - TTCO, ESS.  • Fully responsible and Led the QA process for TTCO and TTCV  • Helped TTCO team move to JIRA and created a good workflow for the team to follow.  • Involved in creating a new QA process for a project called Mediator. Quality Assurance Analyst - Universal City Los Angeles CA NBC Universal, LLC - Los Angeles, CA November 2016 to April 2017 • Executing manual test Cases using risk-based testing principles to minimize risk and provide the most benefit.  • Creating and Executing Test Cases in Selenium.  • Responsible for the quality and accuracy of each test case and defect  • Prioritize test execution based on risk, priority, and acceptance criteria  • Performed regression testing  • Participated in User Acceptance Testing on an assigned Scrum Team  • Experience in designing the test cases, creating test plans and executing test cases.  • Experience in Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) using Agile Methodology.  • Used JIRA manage, coordinate and report defects.  • Used JIRA Zephyr to create test cases.  • Evaluated automated scripts and testing needs.  • Developed automation frameworks using Selenium  • Experience in Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) using Agile Methodology.  • Execute Browser Compatibility Testing (IE, Firefox) of Web based applications called SPOT and SPECBOOK  • Fully responsible and Led the QA process for SPOT Quality Assurance Tester Innovative Intelligent Solutions - Los Angeles, CA June 2016 to November 2016 • Review requirements, specifications, and technical design documents to provide timely and meaningful feedback  • Create detailed, comprehensive, and well-structured test plans and test cases  • Estimate, prioritize, plan and coordinate testing activities  • Design, develop and execute automation scripts using open source tools  • Identify, record, document thoroughly and track bugs  • Perform thorough regression testing when bugs are resolved  • Develop and apply testing processes for new and existing products to meet client needs  • Liaise with internal teams (e.g. developers and product managers) to identify system requirements  • Monitor debugging process results  • Investigate the causes of non-conforming software and train users to implement solutions  • Track quality assurance metrics, like defect densities and open defect counts  • Stay up-to-date with new testing tools and test strategies  • Test various mobile devices -Emulated with a various platform (iOS, Android) and Compatibility testing (Different Browser Testing).  • Tracking of new/updated requirements in the project besides ensuring modification of Testing artifacts.  • Involved in preparation of Regression suite; updating of query logs for the requirements apart from maintenance of Knowledge Capture Documents for every release.  • Involved in testing Mobile Apps using Appium  • Execute Browser Compatibility Testing (IE, Firefox, Chrome, Safari) of a Web based application for Card Payment Processing. Student Assistant CSULA University student union November 2014 to April 2016 • Involves supporting the needs of the students, faculty and staff.  • Providing set ups for Events, Activities and Programs conducted by various organizations and clubs.  • Event Coordination and Management.  • Taking care of the Technical needs of the Building.  • Responsible for Reservation Request and assisting sponsors. Software Engineer -Quality Assurance - Testing - First Data Accenture Services Private Limited May 2013 to August 2014 • Front End testing of MPOS, And E- Commerce application, User Acceptance testing and Regression Testing.  • Manage Software Test Life Cycle, creation of documentation, testing software to compare to specifications/documentation.  • Involved in analyzing the Systems and Requirements gathering, Data Analysis, writing test cases and reviewing test cases.  • Design and execution of Test Plan, Test Design, Test Case Execution, reviewing test cases using HP Quality Center.  • Involved in tracking defects and getting them resolved ensuring business requirements were met.  • Involved in execution of system and regression testing.  • Assisted the testing group for documenting test cases.  • Performed presentations and training.  • Creating test data specification document for the application covering the associated interfaces, test cases and environment needs.  • Creating Test scripts to validate test environment readiness in terms of test data availability and test results validations.  • Execute Browser Compatibility Testing (IE, Firefox, Chrome, Safari) of a Web based application called POGO.  • Creation and execution of test scripts to set up Test data, if in scope of the application environment and capture the outcome of implementation.  • Analyzed functional specification and created test plans and test cases per user requirements  • Implemented automation using Selenium IDE  • Manually executed test plans and test cases to verify actual results against expected results  • Implemented automation using selenium IDE and Internal Tool used in Accenture First Data Project.  • Performed both the Positive and Negative Testing  • Performed Black Box Testing, Regression Testing, System Testing and User Acceptance Testing.  • Extracted data from database and Validated test results  • Follow-up with the defects filed, worked with developers to resolve the issues  • Prepared test summaries report for every release.  • Participated in business requirement and functionality specification reviews. Associate Software Engineer Accenture Services Private Limited May 2012 to May 2013 May 2012 -May 2013  Associate Software Engineer -Quality Assurance Trainee - Campus Recruitment Training - Testing - First Data    • Analyzed functional specification and created test plans and test cases per user requirements  • Implemented automation using Selenium IDE  • Manually executed test plans and test cases to verify actual results against expected results  • Implemented automation using selenium IDE and Internal Tool used in Accenture First Data Project.  • Performed both the Positive and Negative Testing  • Performed Black Box Testing, Regression Testing, System Testing, and User Acceptance Testing.  • Extracted data from database and Validated test results  • Follow-up with the defects filed, worked with developers to resolve the issues  • Prepared test summaries report for every release.  • Participated in business requirement and functionality specification reviews.  • Created and executed detailed test plans and test cases to support new product development  and enhancements; ensures successful test cycles by tracking and resolving defects and issues with application developers (internal or external).  • Worked closely with developers to create test specifications/conditions and build basic to complex  test cases to rigorously test product functionality and investigate all potential product test failures.  • Performed data analysis to support evaluation of system defects or to develop test scenarios.  • Communicated test results to project teams (internal and external) in a clear and comprehensive manner to aid  in resolution. Education Certification California State University - Los Angeles, CA September 2014 to March 2016 Bachelor's in Electrical Electronic Engineering in Electrical Electronic Engineering Anna University - Chennai, Tamil Nadu September 2009 to May 2013 Skills FUNCTIONAL TESTING, TESTING TOOLS, QTP, JIRA, LOAD RUNNER, SELENIUM, C++, HTML, JAVASCRIPT, VISIO, DATABASE, MYSQL, ORACLE, MICROSOFT PROJECT, LINUX, JAVA, PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT, MS VISIO, MAC Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS    Languages: Java, C, C++  Web Technologies: HTML, JavaScript  Functional Testing Tools: Selenium, QTP 11.0, Load Runner, Quality Center, JIRA  PM Tools: JIRA, Confluence, Portfolio Management, Microsoft Project, MS Visio  Database: MySQL. Oracle  Operating System: Mac, Windows, Linux,