Independent IT Contractor Independent <span class="hl">IT</span> Contractor Independent IT Contractor Pasadena, CA To obtain a job with an available part time position to continue education at a  CISCO academy for CCNA certification and to contribute to a positive work environment  while learning and applying work expectations. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Independent IT Contractor RAVGTECH August 2018 to Present Supported clients such as medical offices, schools, churches and businesses in system and information  recovery, management and organization as well as removing malware from devices, identifying and replacing counterfeit software, installing software and managing up to 400 users. Installed CCTV  systems. Debugged and repaired wireless network, hardware and software issues on Macbooks, Windows PCs, iPhones, iPads, and copy machines. Replaced peripherals on desktops and laptops,  provided technical support during state testing and created custom patch cables (CAT5,6,7), as well as re-patch network enabled hardware like PC's, printers, and POE phones. Project Manager LuLaRoe, LLC - Corona, CA June 2018 to August 2018 Identified, planned and executed the necessary steps towards the implementation of new projects that  included directing a team of people, conducting meetings directly with vendors, creating project  proposals and presentations directly to Chief Technology Officer. Also, helped plan and execute  technology roll out for a large scale event with 10,000 people in attendance. IT Systems Administrator LuLaRoe, LLC - Corona, CA August 2017 to August 2018 Provided technical support for various business applications and technologies such as PCs, printers, and VoIP printers by working closely with system end users to troubleshoot problems, improve  operational processes, and increase productivity and profitability on a timely basis and in a positive  Manner. Assistant IT coordinator Semillas Community Schools - Los Angeles, CA July 2014 to August 2017 Education Cisco Network Academy June 2017 to Present California State University Los Angeles June 2014 to June 2015 Skills JIRA, MS OFFICE, TELECOMMUNICATIONS, Microsoft Server (1 year), G Suite Admin (5 years), Labtech and Labtech Remote Administration, SalesForce, Incontact, Fuze, Exigo, Project Management, Point of Contact for vendor communications, Workstation Support, Mobile device support, Network support Certifications/Licenses CCNA Routing and Switching Essentials September 2017 to Present Obtained at CISCO certified Academy CCNA Routing and Switching Introduction to Networks April 2018 to Present Obtained from a CISCO certified Academy Additional Information Technical Skills  Proficient in MS Office, Microsoft server, G Suite Admin, LabTech Remote Administration Google Apps  like Google Sheets, Google docs, Adobe Suite, SalesForce, Incontact, Jira, Fuze, and Exigo. Project  Management, Point of contact for vendor communications, Lead Telecommunications Technician,  Workstation Support, Mobile Device and Network Support.