Product Lead (Sr. BSA/PM, CSPO) Product Lead (Sr. BSA/PM, CSPO) Liaison between Multiple C-level Business Units and Technology Teams Richmond, VA Experienced Sr. BSA/ IT PM (or Product Lead) with 5+ years in directly supporting Business Owners (or Product Owners) in identifying gaps and opportunities in existing systems/processes and working with technical teams to find the right solution to meet the business need. 8+ years in project/process analysis with a natural aptitude for strategic road- mapping (planning), backlog (requirements) prioritization and sizing. Looking to stay on the Agile path promoting the most value up-front to measure success and customer expectations, or adapt quickly to change. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Product Lead (Sr. BSA/PM, CSPO) Core Consulting - Richmond, VA January 2017 to March 2019 Project 1: Virginia General Assembly, Division of Legislative Automated Systems (DLAS)  Large system modernization project with process, procedure and user interface evaluations.  • Customer proxy/liaison between multiple C-level business units and technology teams.  • Identified the SOW and ROI breakdowns and process for measuring success.  • Cultivated an agile environment to deliver value incrementally and in short iterations.  • Defined, aligned the product roadmap and priorities to establish a plan for the plan.  • Drafted requirements (backlog/user stories) with screenshots, process diagrams.  • Provided prototypes, mockflows and narratives to support user experience, user stories.  • Coordinated sprint reviews, sign-off and UAT with appropriate stakeholders.    Project 2: Argo Insurance  Bring Electronic Clearing House (ACH) payment software solution, company-wide.  • Lead internal stakeholder and external vendor collaborations through the product discovery phase, project planning and onboarding of a new bank product.  • Partnered with solutions architect for data mapping to the new bank product to better understand technical gaps and resource needs. Established SOW, budget validation.  • Assisted with constructing the Voice of the Customer (VOC) and Requirements Mapping Matrix (RMM) documents. Identified success criteria, milestones, project value (MVP).  • Supported project sponsor and transitioned plans to internal project managers. Sr. Business Analyst and IT Project Manager Apex Consulting Group - Richmond, VA August 2014 to January 2017 Performance Food Group (PFG)  Project 1: Develop a new sales ordering product and deploy to 23 Operating Companies.  • Managed the relationship and project planning of 23 Operating companies (OPCOs).  • Partnered with the change advisory board (CAB), IT SMEs, and product owners to develop a repeatable, agile, implementation process including production requests.  • Conducted analysis and process mapping of each OPCOs sales performance and procedures to establish the as-is/to-be gap analysis, baseline for benchmarking/ROI.  • Facilitated and managed the SDLC process with a dedicated team of 4 developers.  • Procured 1,800 laptops including configuration, imaging, and shipping to each OPCO.  • Coordinated training needs and staged each event, including support resources.  • Facilitated construction of a software release process and off-site utility for execution.  • Captured and quantified issues to expose opportunity for long-term solutions, releases.  • Recognized for the successful completion of 23 OPCOs, reducing server performance issues and increased profitability within the 1st quarter. Completed projects on-time.    Project 2: Streamline network and wireless products company wide with in-house support.  • Evaluated, reduced vendor selections and created a competitive RFP process.  • Established relationships with select vendors to draft repeatable installation costing grids, statements of work (SOWs) and resource plans to support a multi-site project.  • Created, executed a "site-readiness" process to ensure timelines are met. Work did not start until production (CAB) requests are approved, equipment is configured and on-site.  • Developed cross-functional vendor (structured cabling), warehouse construction, site-readiness (staging) and delivery project plans. Executed 3 at a time, simultaneously.  • Allocated Subject Matter Experts (SMEs) at each site for support and test validation.  • Improved processes of obtaining architectural diagrams, CAD drawings, for WLAN and warehouse racking locations for each site. Encouraged electronic over paper copies.  • On boarded off-shore engineers for AP configurations and brought support in-house.  • Successfully implemented the first 7 OPCOs on-time, within budget and increased ROI.    Project 3: Warehouse expansion including construction, business ecosystem and infrastructure.  • Brought in mid-stream to bring in timelines and missed requirements.  • Gained EPMO buy-in to prioritize the project and allocate Subject Matter Experts to advance customer design requirements and acquire proper vendor selections.  • Facilitated system interface enhancement user requirements for RoadNet, PeopleNet, CVI/EDI, APT, SAP, OMS, AS400, ACOM, and FOODSTAR applications.  • Closed the project on-time, within budget, and with an excellent customer referral. Project Coordinator/Systems Analyst for Various Clients Career Discovery - Richmond, VA February 2011 to August 2014 Audio Express as Project Coordinator - 6 month project  • Supported operations teams through process improvement needs and desires.  Capital One Bank as Process Manager - 8 month project  • Observed the intake process and identified opportunity for Lean/Kanban initiatives. Business Systems Analyst HCA, Richmond - Richmond, VA February 2011 to 2013 System analyst for reconciliation of clinical coding errors. Root-cause and resolution analyst. Education Associate in Anatomy and Physiology Atlanta School of Massage - Alpharetta, GA December 2009 to January 2011 Skills RFP (3 years), SDLC (5 years), MS PROJECT (8 years), VISIO (8 years), ROI (5 years), USER EXPERIENCE (10+ years), SOW (5 years), SIX SIGMA (8 years), PROCESS IMPROVEMENT (8 years), EXCEL (10+ years), POWERPOINT (10+ years), MANAGING PROJECTS (10+ years), Azure (5 years), Collaboration (10+ years), Meeting Facilitation (10+ years), Requirements Management (10+ years), User Experience Design (3 years), Communications (10+ years), Presentation Skills (10+ years), Agile (8 years), Data Analysis (10+ years), Data mapping (10+ years), SQL Basics (2 years) Certifications/Licenses Certified Scrum Product Owner (CSPO) November 2018 to February 2021 Someone who is comfortable on the business side and supports the development efforts (Scrum Master) in understanding product vision, backlog prioritization and delivering value to meet customer expectations. Lean Six Sigma Green Belt and Process Evaluation June 2011 to August 2011 Ability to analyze business and system processes, identify gaps and opportunities for process and/or system improvements leveraging Six Sigma tools (DMAIC, SIPOC, VOC, RMM) and methodologies (Agile) for measuring success. Additional Information Skills Summary  • Ability to manage multiple workstreams while maintaining holistic, visible roadmaps for continuous alignment and prioritization. Ability to reprioritize and make decisions quickly.  • Recognized as a strong leader in the stakeholder community and valued for my intuition in understanding customer needs; ability to expose and solve the right problems.  • Provides powerful presentations for alignment and buy-in, ad-hoc reports, status updates.  • Expert in process evaluation, ability to identify gaps and capitalize on exposed opportunity.  • Manages well in fast-paced, high-pressure environments. Big picture, thinker.  • Flexible with the ability to lead teams through change, challenges, impediments.  • Expert in backlog (user story/requirements) building, sizing and supporting delivery teams.  • Building and leading internal/external development teams of 4 -18 leveraging CICD, Agile.  • Ability to coordinate, manage and adhere to SDLC and Scrum delivery processes.  • Expert with Visio, MS Project, Excel, PowerPoint, Mockflow (user experience software).  • 10+ years analyzing and managing projects. 5+ years in Agile and Scrum processes.  • Lean Process Improvement, Six Sigma and CSPO, understands product-vs- project.  • Familiar with the SOW, RFP/RFQ, ROI processes. Ability to construct costing reports.