IT Specialist <span class="hl">IT</span> Specialist IT Specialist Everett, WA As an Information Technology professional with experience in the IT industry, I learned that the best way  to achieve success was to motivate using the resources I had with well-defined objectives and  empowerment. Work Experience IT Specialist Gibraltar Remembrance Services January 2015 to June 2015 Provides IT Support for 100+ on-site local users, 5 statewide locations and 350+ users  nationwide.  • Provide remote assistance via RDP, VPN, & VNC.  • Manage VPN client access through Cisco Connect platform  • Closing high volume of tickets daily with phone, email and remote assistance tools.  • Manage IT assets - Research, Replacement & Maintenance.  • Manage Symantec Backup Exec backup jobs  • Worked on a two person team as point of contact for issue resolution  • Monitor network traffic and assign QoS prioritization to packets ensuring business applications with highest priority are processed first.  • Active Directory Management - Addition of new users and removal of former users, manage  permissions for users and groups, develop Group Policies  • Educational support for users unfamiliar with technology  • Antivirus and Malware (McAfee Enterprise)  • Support In-Tel phone system management &management of Mitel Phone System  • Monitoring SysAid ticketing system.  • Deploy new workstations using Ghost  • Hardware repair / Replacement  • Install phones & workstations  • IT Specialist Kenmore Air Harbor - Kenmore, WA April 2014 to November 2014 • Provides IT Support for 70 on-site local users, and 120+ users statewide.  • Provide remote assistance via RDP, VPN, & LogMeIn.  • Manage VPN client access through Citrix platform  • Consistently closes 20+ tickets a day with phone, email and remote assistance tools.  • Manage IT assets - Purchasing, Replacement, Maintenance, Contracts.  • Manage Symantec Backup Exec backup jobs  • Main point of contact for break/fix and issue resolution  • Monitor network traffic and assign QoS prioritization to packets ensuring business applications with highest priority are processed first.  • Designed wireless solution for the new airplane hangar.  • Remediate a corporate virus that encrypted over 40,000 files through restoration of backup sets and negotiations.  • Active Directory Management - Addition of new users and removal of former users, manage  permissions for users and groups, develop Group Policies  • Manage Citrix Presentation Farm with secure access through portal  • Recovery of Domain Controller that had a motherboard failure  • Antivirus and Malware (McAfee Enterprise)  • Implementation of new work flows and security permissions to secure network files.  • Management of Mitel Phone System  • Administration and implementation of Spiceworks ticketing system.  • Launched DROBO secondary backup solution for network. Hyper V Server Management  • Managed Supply Chain Management Server and SQL backend server (Pentagon 2000 SQL) Project Manager, Operations Coordinator, Marketing Coordinator Edmonds Community College - Lynnwood, WA April 2012 to May 2014 Lynnwood, WA 04/2012 - 05/2014  Project Manager, Operations Coordinator, Marketing Coordinator    • Managed Operations for START (Student Technology Advice and Resource Team)  Hardware, software upgrades  • Training volunteers and new staff on process, performance and operations of the START  program  • Scheduling, onboarding, interviewing, staffing;  • Overseeing a team of 8-10 student volunteers and distributing assignments accordingly,  • Managing spaces where we provided student support  • Setting standards of student service  • Creating tutorials for students to answer common issues regarding student technology  • Project Management- Lead student team creating an automated system for chartering student  clubs at EdCC.  • Worked with the START team in creating the student support webpage.  https://sites.google.com/a/edmail.edcc.edu/start-edcc/  • Lead workshops to help students familiarize themselves with technologies available at the college. Google Docs, Google Calendars, Google Sheets, Google Groups  • Created campaign to raise awareness of our services throughout the campus community. Education Central Washington University - Lynnwood, WA 2012 to 2014 Network Technology ATA Edmonds Community College 2010 to 2012 Links https://sites.google.com/a/edmail.edcc.edu/start-edcc Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS    Operating Systems: DOS, Windows Server 2000, Server 2003, Server 2008, Server 2012, Win 98,  XP, Vista, 7, Win 8 & 8.1, Win 10, Ubuntu, Android, iOS, Windows Mobile,  BYOD, MAC OS  Networking: Dell, Cisco switches, Linksys, Dlink, Netgear, CISCO networking, Microsoft  Server Administration, Active Directory, Wireless Networking, Exchange Server,  DHCP, DNS, Print Services, Files Services, IIS, Network Infrastructure, WAN,  LAN, connectivity troubleshooting, IWATSU phone server, application  resolutions.  Hardware: Workstations (Dell, HP, Lenovo, ASUS, Gateway, custom); Servers (Dell, HP,  custom); Printers (Dell, HP, Konica-Minolta, Ricoh, Sharp); Firewall (Juniper,  SonicWALL& ), Dell SAN, DROBO800i, T1, Ubiquiti AP, VoIP, Blackberry,  iPhone, iPad, Android,    Applications/Tools: MS Office Suite 2003- 2013, Microsoft Office 365, Spiceworks, McAfee  Enterprise Antivirus, Symantec Backup Exec, Pentagon 2000 SQL, Mitel Phone  Administration, Citrix, Presentation Server and App Farm, VMWare, Hyper-V,  MAS90 & MAS200 Accounting System, PayPatroller, Oaysis Phone System,  TakeFlite Reservation System, Google Apps, LiveBroadcaster, IMAP, NEXUS,