IT Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> Analyst Collinsville, CT Tenacious challenge-seeker looking for new environment to test my many skills and meet new people. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Analyst Capitol Light / Rexel - Hartford, CT August 2017 to Present Determine technical errors and hardware failures for coworkers. Work with systems IT support to more accurately convey issues users have. Troubleshoot internet disconnects and Microsoft Office problems. Research and implement new software to improve department productivity. Learn and update company-specific systems. Provide training on how to use said systems. Project Manager Sales in Lighting Maintenance CAPITOL LIGHT - Hartford, CT September 2015 to Present Dispatch and coordinate electricians to retail stores for maintenance  repairs. Quote labor and materials for general-to-intricate electrical work ranging from repairs to full projects. Request and process invoices for work completed and maintain internal reports. Receptionist and Administrative Office Assistant BECK & ELDERGILL, PC - Manchester, CT October 2011 to August 2015 Answering phones, greet clients, answer questions and cold calls. Assisted in designing power points for trials, event coordination and general office tasks as well as assisting paralegals in their tasks. Sales Associate JERRY'S ARTARAMA - West Hartford, CT October 2009 to February 2012 for privately-owned art supply store. Assisted customers in finding paints, brushes, framing and other supplies for various creative  Hardworking, tenacious, detail-  endeavors. Assistant Clerk STATE OF CONNECTICUT GENERAL ASSEMBLY - Hartford, CT January 2011 to May 2011 Assisted department Clerk in any and all tasks requested. Prepared hearing rooms for Senators and Representatives. Took notes and first words during hearings for transcription. Organized literature from speakers along with general office tasks. Answered phones for senator’s aide. Education BACHELOR OF ARTS University of Hartford May 2010 Skills Microsoft Office, Outlook, Excel, Bluebeam Revu (5 years)