Project Manager, Royal Farms <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>, Royal Farms Project Manager: Achieving desired outcomes within scope and under budget using Agile, Scrum, or Lean Philosophies! Frederick, MD • Over 13 years of professional Information Technology experience, including 7-1/2 years of IT Project Management experience.  • My experience integrates several project management methodologies that mitigate risks, improve quality control, and deliver desired outcomes.  • Strive to build excellent relationships with clients and team members to maintain effective communication with stakeholders involved.  • Manage projects and support clients reflecting my experience, effectiveness and promptness; resulting in client satisfaction and project success. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager, Royal Farms 2017 to Present • Managed all aspects of the Royal Farms carwash program including vendors, billing, support, and training at over 34 locations throughout the states of Maryland, Virginia, Delaware, and Pennsylvania.  • Achieved an increase in carwash uptime to 99% throughout the entire 34 locations while increased gross income by $276K or 10% and car throughput by 34,606 or 13% within the 1st 6 months.  • Reduced expenditures by eliminating billing errors including a 10% or $40K over payment to vendors, reducing waste and decreased repair expenditures within a 3-month time frame by $33,800 or 16% while increasing net profits.  • Instituted standardizations throughout the carwash program including access to vital equipment, carwash programming, and security of sites.  • Researched, proposed to Senior Leadership and managed the installation of the carwash facelift project for Royal Farms Carwashes valued at over 1 million dollars. These upgrades are used as the standard for newly constructed carwashes.  • Created, implemented and administered the carwash training program for Royal Farms Store Leaders, District Leaders, and Support Center Staff of each carwash store in individual or group settings.  • Managed gift card vendor replacement project throughout the entire project life-cycle from inception, testing, commissioning and implementation while increasing customer satisfaction and net profits at all 184 stores within the Mid-Atlantic region.  • Led program that monitored water usage at stores to reduce controllable margin costs of water utilities usage which is instituted in several stores reducing water bills by over 10K per store.  • Led Pilot program that added an additional level of security to the pay vacuums to deter break-ins and theft of cash.  • Performed site surveys and managed installation of IT infrastructure within the deli area which allows stores to achieve Speed of Service goals of under 4 minutes.  • After installation, stores achieved a decrease of at least 2 minutes in Speed of Service times while reducing customer wait time and increasing profits per store.  • Managed audio vendor replacement project throughout the entire project life-cycle from inception, testing, commissioning and implementation at all 204 stores within the Mid-Atlantic region. Provided daily support to stores to resolve new and legacy audio issues.  • Oversaw the deployment of IT Projects such as EMV outdoors and processing money orders using USB over Ethernet which helped Royal Farms achieve mandated EMV compliance dates and save over $250k per year of controllable utilities costs.    Key Accomplishment:  Successfully deployed several new programs throughout the entire organization which includes over 200 locations within the Mid-Atlantic region. These included new vendors for background music, gift card program and speed of service. Also, relaunched the Beverage in a Cup program at specially selected locations. Senior IT Support Specialist PCM Inc 2015 to 2017 • Successfully relocated, decommissioned and consolidated the IT Server Infrastructure of 32 AECOM offices across the United States (Housing over 2500 employees saving AECOM in Real Estate costs and enabling collaboration between business groups).  • Created, tested, and implemented various scripting methods to automate the installation and deletion of hardware, peripherals and mapped drives.  • Provided support to clients encompassing the entire IT infrastructure move ensuring billability and productivity of staff.  • Drafted and published Project Plan for each of the office relocations, decommissions, and consolidations that provided the project scope, requirements, dependencies, and deliverables enabling a seamless transition for future support to the different IT groups including Server, Network, Active Directory, and Telecom.  • Implemented new server infrastructure solution at office of over 500 staff and migrated data file system to new single file share standard.  • Decommissioned servers adhering to strict guidelines regarding data destruction and retention as outlined by AECOM.    Key Accomplishment:  Relocated several Business Groups consisting of over 600 staff within the San Francisco/Oakland metropolitan area from 4 remote locations into 2 major facilities. Resulting in two offices of over 400 and almost 200 staff respectively. During this move, we had to decommission 2 offices in San Francisco, and migrate over 12TB of data for the Business Groups involved. All of these tasks were completed within a strict 10 day time frame. IT Project Manager Singhal and Company 2011 to 2015 • Designed, configured, tested and deployed Cisco VoIP pilot at PSC division of HHS. Managed phones using Cisco Call Manager on VMWare servers hosted and routed on Cisco architecture and backbone  • Managed a team of up to 6 resources deploying over 2500 Cisco VoIP phones within a tight 5-month time-frame while providing extended support to clients for deployed phones.  • Managed numerous IT and AV projects throughout the entire project life-cycle, including planning, review of submittals, implementation, quality control, and successful hand-off for several United States Government agencies. Completed projects within budget while meeting all project milestones set by stakeholders within the allotted time-frame.  • Managed resources based on project phase deliverables adhering to project schedule based on stakeholder's predetermined milestones.  • Oversaw the upgrade of FDA remote locations throughout the Washington DC Metropolitan area from legacy ISDN phone system to Cisco VoIP phone system, including cabling, phone deployment, troubleshooting and client hand-off.  • Successfully completed data center consolidation at USPS Office of Inspector General from 2 data centers into a newly build single data center, which improved management of servers, switches and reduced operational costs.    Key Accomplishment:  $1.6 Million upgrade of all Conference rooms at the FDA White Oak, MD Campus Central Shared Use Building. Main building at campus that consists of 10 conference rooms and hosts over 5000 FDA employees for trainings, meetings and conferences. Upgrades included reviews of statement of work, design, tear-down, removal, installation, testing, validation and performed quality assurance of all AV systems. Ensured sub-contractors met daily and weekly project goals, while adhering to tight schedules, financial budget constraints and minimizing interruptions to daily scheduled activities. Education Bachelors of Science in Information Systems Strayer University 2010 Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/tszabo25 Certifications/Licenses Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA) Provides knowledge of Cisco networking methods. ITIL v3 July 2017 to Present Provides ITIL project management philosophies. CompTIA Security+ Provides knowledge of computer security. CompTIA Network+ October 2006 to Present Provides networking knowledge. CompTIA A+ June 2006 to Present Provides general computer knowledge. Certified Wireless Network Administrator March 2017 to Present Provides wireless technologies knowledge. Six Sigma Green Belt March 2017 to Present Provides Six Sigma project management knowledge. Scrum Foundations February 2017 to Present Provides Scrum foundations project management knowledge.