Instructional Project Designer, Writer, and Software Instructor/Integrator Instructional <span class="hl">Project</span> Designer, Writer, and Software Instructor/Integrator Instructional Project Designer, Writer, and Software Instructor/Integrator Fort Knox, KY Over 24 Years Experience, working with, and leading members of the United Stated Army. Highly experienced Member and Trainer for the Army Recruiting Information Support Systems NGB-ASM Contract. Team leader on more than 20 training events across the 54 States and Territories, resulting in increased production for the Army National Guard's Recruiting Force year-end strength. Assisted in the design, development, and implementation of new training outlines and programs, in keeping with the demands of the client and technologies. Additional responsibilities include providing writing, editing, and technical composition support for the NGB-ASM Team; designed and developed training materials, to include lesson outlines, training guides, user manuals, practical exercises, handouts and pamphlets, with an emphasis and specialization on providing APA format and technical report writing capabilities for all administrative, documentation, and automated curriculum design writing/editing. Work Experience Instructional Project Designer, Writer, and Software Instructor/Integrator U.S. Army and National Guard 2007 to 2012 2007-2012, IT Training, Development and Support Technologist, Team Technical Writer:    Instructional Project Designer, Writer, and Software Instructor/Integrator; extensive work with U.S. Army and National Guard, designing and teaching application programs; Web-based curriculum modules; creating user guides, hand-outs, and implement market share techniques, as related to analyzing software modeling/design; work individually and in teams to create instructional Web-based Learning Management Systems, e-learning training. Also assist in the development, testing, and instruction of software programs, used by the U.S. Government and military, and by senior leadership to manage and analyze markets. Write, review, and edit all NGB-ASM training team literature and documentation for final implementation.    Senior editor for the Team, specializing in writing, editing, and reviewing all documentation. Create and review user guides, manuals, and hand-outs; work in a fast-paced, changing software systems environment; instruct employees and senior leadership in advanced software programs used to analyze markets, increase production, and manage employees. Advanced MS Program development (MS Office Professional; Access, Excel, Visio, etc.); Advanced Adobe skills (Adobe Captivate, Photoshop, Centra, etc); Project Development of Web-based instructional design and theory. Post final applications to secure portal domain and Sharepoint application software for nationwide distribution.    Work individually and lead teams of trainers; manage, coordinate, and facilitate software training teams for assignment training within the U.S., and territories; plan, coordinate, and set-up training for specific needs; design instructional programs for training needs.    Proficient with, and instruct Army Recruiting Information Support Systems (ARISS) software programs. Make recommendations for modifications; remain proficient on new releases and changes to programs. Write and review manuals, syllabi, lesson plans, and published manuals posted to the Army's USAAC Portal domain for nationwide use. Test Automated application software before implementation.    Responsible for training presentations, seminars, workshops, conferences, and other training and development; training support for all areas related to ARISS recruiting/market business applications software and products for entire Army National Guard Recruiting structure in all 54 states and territories. Software training and analyses consist of database, spreadsheet, and statistical software applications that support the Army National Guard Recruiting force. Develop and modify programs of instruction and training support packages.    Analyze requirements and user input; conduct research and market analysis from historical data compiled from master modeling/query building; perform writing, editing, validation, analysis training, doctrinal development; provide subject matter expertise to management, the team, and the customer; provide recommendations and assistance to developers for refinement and improvement of business applications. IT Technologist/Instructor U.S. Army and National Guard February 2007 to December 2007 Provided efficient support and complete involvement in the recruitment and retention of information technology students for a private IT educational institution; implemented and maintained strategic involvement with program chairs, program directors, and financial aid to ensure quality educational objectives; developed, coached, and mentored representatives in all areas of responsibility. Managed and oversaw important events and functions on numerous occasions. District Manager U.S. Army Medical Recruiting Command (AMEDD) 2004 to 2007 Responsible for supervision, training, and welfare of medical recruiting personnel and civil service employees. Strategically planned and executed market penetration plans. Provided quality control of all medical applications. Maintained Liaison with universities, hospitals, and influential personnel within the medical community. Served as spokesperson and liaison for U.S. Army Medical Department. Ensured the welfare, morale, safety, administration, supervision, and training of all assigned personnel. Ensured effective accountability of all assigned assets. Consistently achieved goals by increasing productivity and quality, by successfully analyzing and penetrating area markets. Sustained successful accomplishments and ensured projected goals were achieved. Primary trainer and point of contact for Direct Commissioning and Accessions (DCA).    Achievements/Affiliations/Additional Duties  • Advanced IT skills; project systems design and proficiency in MS and Adobe Applications  • Strong writing/technical report writing abilities; strong proficiency with APA format and technical report writing  • Served as Medical Advisory Committee member for Health Services Directorate, writing and reviewing medical recruiting policies, regulatory procedures, technical manual writings, Website development, brochures, and media advertisement  • Provided administrative support for several aviation companies; wrote proposals, memorandums of understanding, letters of intent, contracts, and advertising, resulting in the purchase and lease of aircraft in excess of 20 million dollars  • Master abilities in Web-based instructional systems design and theory, and software training  • Successfully identified and resolved problems resulting in many efficiencies and cost reductions  • Tutored technical and creative writing, statistics, economics, and business concepts  • Received numerous top-performance awards for consistency in quality production.  • Proven/experienced platform instructor; mastered the ability to lead and train teams of personnel  • Effectively led and trained teams in Automated System Applications (ARISS: DCA, RZ, LZ, RMZ, SZ, HSS, RTRS, and MS Apps)  • Managed assets in excess of $2,000,000  • Proven leadership abilities  • Over 20 years of strong writing and editing experience  • Commissioned as an Honorable Member of the Order of Kentucky Colonels  • Member and volunteer for St Michael's Christian Church, Louisville, Kentucky  • Volunteered YMCA Taekwondo Education MBA University of Phoenix, Tulsa Campus - Tulsa, OK 2001 Bachelor of Science in Business Administration University of Phoenix - Tulsa, OK 1998 Information Technology University of Maryland 1992