IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> District Heights, MD Skilled project manager who excels in time management, multi-tasking, and interdepartmental and external communication. Passionate about technical writing, reporting and metrics, and training. Work Experience IT Project Manager Chemonics International - Washington, DC November 2018 to Present ·  Driving team success through shared vision and recognition of quality performance.  ·  Collaborating with stakeholders to define and implement clear targets and objectives for projects.  ·  Prioritizing project tasks to efficiently complete projects and provide deliverables.  ·  Resolving challenges by supervising and implementing emergency issue resolution strategies.  ·  Improving resource allocation to promote efficiency and deadline management.  ·  Communicating new software for company-wide use.  ·  Writing and editing new processes and definitions for intradepartmental use. Online Education/Information Systems Coordinator American Association For Marriage And Family Therapy - Alexandria, VA October 2014 to May 2018 ·  Delivered and edited continuing education coursework and materials through a learning management system.  ·  Researched various topics relating to systemic therapy as necessary to successfully implement online courses.  ·  Collaborated with therapists to develop an online curriculum for marriage and family therapist supervisors.  ·  Worked with students to submit classwork online and guided them to obtain their supervisory status after their education was completed.  ·  Implemented strategies that increased the Online Education Program revenue by 137% in two years.  ·  Created and tracked program data metrics and reported results to the Board.  ·  Wrote documentation on our systems for interdepartmental and external audiences.  ·  Marketed and edited communications for continuing education courses. Education Bachelor's in Psychology University of Maryland-University College - Adelphi, MD August 2012 to May 2014 Associate in Psychology Prince George's Community College - Upper Marlboro, MD August 2010 to December 2011 Skills Program Management (5 years), LMS (5 years), Database Administration (5 years), Customer Service (8 years), Technical Support (10+ years), Project Management (5 years), Research (9 years), Reporting (5 years), Data Entry (7 years), Data Analysis (5 years), Troubleshooting (5 years), Marketing Communications (5 years), Microsoft Office Suite (10+ years), Microsoft Project, Editing (5 years), Technical Writing (5 years) Awards Manager's Award 2016-05 Received at AAMFT for providing excellent member service to those participating in a continuing education course sponsored by the association. Manager's Award 2017-10 Received at AAMFT for organizing and documenting association processes and making them more efficient. Certifications/Licenses Driver's License