IT Project Coordinator/Content Specialist <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> Coordinator/Content Specialist IT Project Coordinator/Content Specialist Gilbert, AZ ? A highly motivated individual with an unparalleled work ethic.  ? Great communication skills and inherent attention to detail will allow me to excel in any position.  ? Motivation, reliability, and positivity are just a few of the qualities a potential business organization can expect with the employment  ? Energetic and motivated team member who can multitask and works fantastic with peers and team  ? Strong verbal and written communication skills, working with peers, managers and Executive Staff  ? Develops, recommends & implements solutions for overall sustainability and continuous-improvement  ? Creates, reviews and maps Information Security Documentation (Policies, Standards) per ISO (9001, 27001, NIST, FISMA) standards  ? Assists in writing, reviewing and publishing documents  ? eData collection and extraction (Imports/Exports) files, compiling, verifying, sorting and storing classified data  ? Analytical thinker, self-motivated & organized with the ability to research and investigate compliance and risk issues  ? Excellent time management and multi-tasking skills  ? Efficiently works within deadlines in accordance with performance goals Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Coordinator/Content Specialist Diverse Design Consulting Services - Mesa, AZ June 2018 to June 2019 Created, developed and managed content for organization's web presence such as; text, photo's, and media  ? Maintained a consistent look and feel throughout web properties and copies, edits, and proof read all content  ? Assured web-based Information was maintained and archived for future needs, monitoring and reference  ? Proficient in Microsoft Office applications, and Adobe (Photoshop and Dreamweaver)  ? Worked with popular content Management, leaning and document Management systems providing excellent skills to perform monitoring, revision and troubleshooting  ? Performed site and spot audits and ensured compliance to guidelines  ? Worked with Customer/Client groups to identify Training needs and arranged and/or delivered Training  ? Assisted Project teams in documenting key processes, Policies and procedures/standards  ? Assisted with various change Management tasks and project Management activities within the office Manager Whistle Locomotive - Mesa, AZ August 2017 to June 2018 Reported to Sr. Program Manager organizing weekly schedules for employees  ? Conducted interviews for hiring and replacing employees  ? Tracked, reported and managed Financial systems, project budget status and Payroll  ? Schedules and facilitates meetings with Subject Mater experts to understand impacts to deliverables  ? Created Dashboards and reported status and completion of assigned actions;  ? Provided on-boarding Training, leadership Training and trained lower-level personnel on key tasks  ? Conducted purchasing of office equipment  ? Maintained dashboards and assisted with PowerPoint presentations as needed  ? Supported various projects and workflows with moderate to high complexity  ? Simultaneously managed numerous aspects of tasks and priorities supporting cross functional teams. Administrative Assistant Diverse Design Consulting Services - Mesa, AZ December 2015 to August 2017 Education Psychology Northern Arizona University - Flagstaff, AZ Associate of Science in Psychology Chandler Gilbert Community College - Gilbert, AZ University of Essex Skills AUTOMATED PAYROLL (Less than 1 year), Microsoft Office (1 year), MS OFFICE (1 year), Payroll (Less than 1 year), Training (1 year)