Certified Tutor Certified Tutor www.data-solve.com Lawrenceville, GA Work Experience Certified Tutor Varsity Tutors - Atlanta, GA August 2018 to Present • Online and in-person instruction in college level Accounting; Basic Medical Sciences; Interactive Digital Media; Visual Analytics and 3D modeling, including procedural modeling and Building Information Modeling at the college and professional levels.  Financial & Statistical Information Mgt. Supervisor American Red Cross of Georgia - Atlanta, GA April 2017 to Present • Collation and governance of data collected during relief efforts.  • Preparing and finalizing the Disaster Operations Control data for disaster response in Georgia (and nearby states, including Mississippi) to National HQ.  • Information system (Sharepoint apps) design and administration for the metropolitan Atlanta (HQ) Disaster Workforce Engagement Team.  • Volunteer Connection (VC) system administration for the metropolitan Atlanta chapter.  • Learning management system (EDGE) administration for the metropolitan Atlanta chapter.  • Client Assistance System user account authorization for the Georgia Region. IT Project Manager DataSolve LLC - Lawrenceville, GA March 2017 to Present • Customization of data systems like ERPs, CRMs, SharePoint sites and development of analytics dashboards for various clients, leading to optimized organizational performance.  • Website and intra-net development and administration.  • Online and in-person instruction in database design.  • Public health and socio-economic data analysis for non-profit organizations. Public Health Data Analyst I Will Survive Inc. - Doraville, GA March 2017 to Present • Verification, collation and visual analytics dashboard development with current cancer-related data.   • Health information dissemination.  • Constituent Relationship Management system installation, customization and maintenance.  • Grant proposal research and writing. Community Health Manager The Bronx Health Link, Inc - Bronx, NY November 2015 to February 2017 • Development of a comprehensive online New York City health and human services resource directory (English and Spanish).  • Supervision of several public health research programs including management of the research data.  • Facilitation of various health education and information dissemination programs in various Bronx communities.  • Implementation of an EMR as a research data management platform.  • Supervision of the training of public health and health education interns. Health Information and Communications Specialist The Bronx Health Link, Inc. - Bronx, NY June 2015 to August 2015 • Research, retrieval, and management of data relevant to grant application writing, as well as project and program planning.  • Development of grant applications and project implementation plans, always on deadline.  • Provision of IT Technical support on matters relating to hardware and software trouble shooting as well as data management, networking and website development. Education MBA in Healthcare Informatics Southern New Hampshire University MB,BS in Medicine University of Ibadan Skills Business Intelligence, Excel, access, SQL, testing Links http://www.data-solve.com Certifications/Licenses Project+ (CompTIA) June 2012 IT Project management. Data Management for Clinical Research (Vanderbilt) Research Data Management. Certified Worksite Wellness Specialist (National Wellness Institute) Worksite Wellness Management. Additional Information Skills and Knowledge Areas:    Biomedical and Behavioural Sciences  Health Information Management  Health Information Legislation (HIPAA, ARRA-HITECH)  Research Data Management (REDCap)  EMR Management (Practice/Web Fusion)  Data Collation, Governance and Analysis (Advanced MS Access and Excel, SPSS, R Studio,Tableau  Desktop)  Disaster Assessment (including GIS management and Detailed Damage Assessment)  Disaster Response, Logistics and Resource Management  Disaster Information and Intelligence Management, Analysis and Reporting  GIS Mapping (Esri ArcGIS, Marplot (CAMEO))  3 dimensional Modeling, CAD, Rigging, Animation, Physics Simulation and Rendering (3dsMax, Maya,  Houdini)  3 dimensional Interactive Media development (Unity, Unreal)  Web Application Development and Database Administration (HTML, CSS, Javascript, PHP, SQL)  Information System Customization and Administration (Microsoft Dynamics, Sharepoint)  Business Analysis and Project Management  Financial Reporting and Managerial Accounting  Workforce Management and Conflict Resolution  Talent Management and Strategic Human Resource Planning  Business Law