Project Support Specialist <span class="hl">Project</span> Support Specialist Wichita, KS Dynamic, innovative Project Manager and IT Systems Administrator with more than 15 years of experience working on IT projects within both technical and healthcare support organizations. Forward thinker, methodical problem solver, and analytical in all facets of technical management. Adept at driving projects through collaborative relationships with customers, vendors, and team members. Conscientious supervisor who leads by example and ensures all staff are thoroughly trained and supported. Seeking a Project Management/Systems Analyst role on a team that values organization and targeted problem solving that leads to consistent project success, revenue growth, and organizational sustainability. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Support Specialist Net-Ability - Wichita, KS March 2017 to Present Serving as C-Level support as well as organizing and executing customer projects ranging from PC configuration and server setup, to Office 365 administration and infrastructure installation. Works with customers across diverse fields like healthcare, hospitality, manufacturing, and food service  Key Accomplishments:  ? Successfully setup WaterWalk hotels in southwest region for network connectivity, Phonesuite for land line access, and rXg to handle internet traffic shaping for guest suites.  ? Lead Office 365 migrations from on-premises Exchange to cloud for two large clients totaling over 200 users. Windows Support Specialist TekSystems, BPL Plasma - Austin, TX June 2016 to March 2017 Provided C-Level support to the corporate office clients as well as remote support to over 30 blood plasma collection clinics across the nation. Traveled frequently to clinics on a bi-weekly basis to roll out new hardware for clinicians in advance of migration from PDSIII data entry system to new eProgesa system.  Key Accomplishments:  ? Successfully rolled out new hardware to clinics nationwide and trained clinicians on its proper usage.  ? Frequently worked with C-level executives and regional managers to ensure project goals were being met and unexpected issues catalogued and remedied. Systems Migration Facilitator TekSystems, BPL Plasma February 2016 to June 2016 Reconfigure YMS and iFix production PCs through VNC to access new domain as well as updating registry and network settings, and creating new Active Directory accounts for administrative access. Additionally, assists clients in data retention and restoration and application troubleshooting.  Key Accomplishments:  ? Worked with mill personnel and management, ensuring domain migration didn't interfere with customer orders in a 24/7 work environment.  ? Successfully troubleshot post-domain migration workstations, productions machines, and Surface Pro 3s. Deployment Engineer Microsoft April 2014 to August 2015 Actively assists clients in backing up and restoring data and applications, configures and troubleshoots SCCM to deploy Windows 7 to client workstations using ZTI refresh methodologies in an enterprise healthcare environment.  Key Accomplishments:  ? Successfully troubleshot post-deployment software problems on laboratory thin clients, as well as office thick clients, and tracked all work in Remedy  ? Works with nurses, doctors, and other healthcare support staff, ensuring upgrades do not interfere with patient interactions Project Manager Spirit AeroSystems - Wichita, KS October 2013 to April 2014 Provided technical leadership to monitor project goals and deadlines, updating action items as required, in Excel and PowerPoint presentations easily understood by hardware, application, and administrative departments. Expertly maintained database of applications needing development to Windows 7 with SysTrack and coordinated with developers to meet senior management deadlines.  Key Accomplishments:  ? Implemented and managed Windows 7 hardware migration project, worked with users to track applications on XP, and devising plans with software developers to set goals & deadlines delivered to executive management  ? Instituted training, development, and monitored progress of sup-contractors deployed across campus to assist customers and determine the best course of action to meet project deadlines IT Lead AT&T - Austin, TX June 2009 to October 2013 IT Lead for managing warranty hardware and OS troubleshooting support, for Dell laptops and desktops, in Windows XP and Windows 7 environment, using Office 2007 & 2010 suites. Used Active Directory to manage PCs on the domain and reset/unlock client accounts, expertly managed PSTs, printer and e-mail configuring, and Vantive ticketing system (utilized for problem tracking and dispatch). Proactively worked with administrative staff on projects and procedural development, and was OSD for .WIM image creation and MDT for image distribution for OS upgrades and reimages.  Key Accomplishments:    ? Implemented and managed 2 desktop refresh deployment projects for 600 users, serviced 600+ clients personally, to successfully complete IT-related concerns, and developed professional relationships to facilitate future interactions, while closing and average of 8 tickets daily  ? Authored procedural documents for software installation, configuration, and image mapping Education Political Science Eastern Michigan University - Ypsilanti, MI 2005 Skills Active directory, Single sign-on, Jira, Telegence, Service desk Additional Information Technical Expertise  ? Office 365 Administration ? Barracuda ? Telegence ? Atlassian [Jira/Confluence/Service Desk] ?  ? TotalView ?Informiam ? Qfiniti ? Single Sign-On Operations ? Active Directory ? ? Windows Server & OS ? SysTrack ? SonicWall ? SCCM ? RXG ? Samange ?