Marketing and Compliance Project Manager Marketing and Compliance <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Marketing and Compliance Project Manager Perkasie, PA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Marketing and Compliance Project Manager C3i Solutions - Upper Gwynedd, PA August 2018 to Present • Merck’s OnSite/BPO program  • Complying with FDA 2253 submission requirements  • Managing scheduling and boards for Post Review Teams  • Helping create personal rooms through WebEx with individual logins and passwords  • Silver Cybersecurity Certification Marketing Intern The Apartment Store - Bloomsburg, PA January 2018 to Present -Administrative Skills  -Event Planning  -Social Media: Instagram and Facebook  -Marketing Management Trainee Intern Enterprise Holdings - Souderton, PA May 2017 to August 2017 ? Building business to business relationships  ? Sales regarding various aspects of vehicles and the vehicles themselves  ? Administrative skills Marketing Intern & IT Support Desk The Baldwin School for Girls - Bryn Mawr, PA May 2016 to August 2016 ? Editing the school's seasonal magazine titled Echoes  ? Creating media alerts & writing small articles for the website  ? Running social media channels: Twitter, Facebook, & Instagram  ? Laptop setup: Mac OSX versions 10.10.x, 10.11.x, 10.12.x, Keychain Utility, Installing an SSL certificate, Aruba Wireless Controller 7200, Aruba Wifi System, Microsoft Remote Desktop, & Mac OSX package files Dining Services Aide Rockhill Mennonite Community - Sellersville, PA January 2013 to August 2015 ? Communication with a wide variety of ages  ? Time management for various tasks  ? Customer service with families and the elderly Office Assistant and AM Care Camp Magar - Bryn Mawr, PA June 2015 to July 2015 ? Recording lunch and registration bills in Microsoft Excel  ? Customer service with families, children, and some special needs children  ? Advertising through biweekly newsletters in Microsoft Word Education Bachelor of Business Administration in Marketing Bloomsburg University of Pennsylvania August 2014 to May 2018 Skills MICROSOFT POWERPOINT (Less than 1 year), MICROSOFT VISUAL STUDIO (Less than 1 year), POWERPOINT (6 years), SPSS (Less than 1 year), Microsoft Project (Less than 1 year), Digital Marketing, Content Creation, Photography, Excel, Social Media Additional Information Skills  Expertise in the following programs:  ? Microsoft Visual Studio, Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft PowerPoint, and SPSS