Infrastructure Engineer/Internal Project Comittee Infrastructure Engineer/Internal <span class="hl">Project</span> Comittee Grand Blanc, MI Sponsorship required to work in the US Work Experience Infrastructure Engineer/Internal Project Comittee Freelance/Self employed - Mexico, MO September 2017 to May 2019 Working as a member of Internal Project Committee at IPN, managing and deploy of server infrastructure, Managing Moodle platform for English test, supervising system functionality. Planning and developing projects, to simplify process for the customer’s inside of CENLEX. Freelance at COMESA S.A. de C.V managing and support for virtual and physical servers infrastructure with VMware, Veeam Backups jobs and VM’s restoration. Head of IT Department IPN - Mexico, MO October 2011 to September 2017 Responsible for the Managing of internal support inside the centre for all users, preventive and corrective maintaining tasks, IP and analog telephone infrastructure Manage, router and switch supervising on MDF site, Windows and Linux Server infrastructure managing, actualization and maintaining. Supervising and content actualization on SharePoint designer of centre web page. DVR Admin. Planning and developing for computer equipment update. Managing Moodle Platform for bachelors and master degree English exams application, and delivery of data results from exams. Design and printing promotional posters for internal events. Monitoring and maintaining UPS. Project Engineer/ Project Manager Johnson & Johnson - Mexico, MO March 2010 to March 2011 Responsible for the planning, startup and execution for the Consumer healthcare division migration from win XP to Vista OS, testing migration tools, Hardware, Hard Drives replacements, user migration schedule, and support for user mantaining functional software on new OS. Service Desk Supervisor/Help Desk Support Boehringer Ingelheim - Mexico, MO To guarantee technical support to in plant users, phone and remote technical support to medical representatives in México as well Central America, VIP technical support, ticket supervising and incident tracking of Service Desk Team with magic service desk support software, Planning preventive and corrective annual maintenance for in-plant and sales representatives devices, Computer renovating projects, Inventory and pc warranty, VPN Token administration, Siebel software training for sales representatives, OS Imaging creation with company standards and policies, servers and networking support, active directory. Education Master's in Public Management Latin American University - Mexico, MO August 2017 to January 2019 Bachelor's in Engineering Mexico IPN - Ciudad de México August 1997 to August 2002 Skills Vmware (2 years), Veeam B&R (2 years), Technical Support (10+ years), Linux (6 years), Mac OS X (8 years), Windows Server (7 years), Windows (10+ years), Moodle (7 years), Teamwork (10+ years), java (1 year), pentesting (2 years), Photoshop (4 years) Additional Information I´ve 10+ proven years of experience in IT field.   Contact Details:  +52 +1 55 3211 8976  Skype ID: ogap16  email: ogap16@gmail.com  available 24/7