United Healthcare Member Services Advocate II United Healthcare Member Services Advocate II Experienced Multi-Skilled Technical Support and Customer Service Expert Pocatello, ID I am seeking a position of gainful employment in manufacturing quality assurance, technical support, or customer service management, and to provide the highest level of performance for a growing company that desires an eager and focused contributor. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience United Healthcare Member Services Advocate II Concentrix - Pocatello, ID June 2019 to Present As an inbound Member Services Advocate, I support United Healthcare customers by providing them the friendly, knowledgeable, and hassle-free healthcare assistance that they deserve. My position empowers me to truly take care of our members in meaningful and truly impactful way, by helping them live healthier and less stressful lives without dealing with the complex and often complicated world of healthcare on their own. Customer Service Representative Telmate - Ontario, OR September 2018 to March 2019 As a customer service representative at Telmate, I receive inbound calls from customers of the business in a fast paced, heavily performance driven environment, and while representing company policy I consistently acknowledge and resolve customer needs and concerns. During the course of work I handle customer identity and financial information for myriads of Telmate customers while adhering to strict data security guidelines to ensure optimal service satisfaction with minimized risk for our customers, and I carefully process dozens of transactions large and small each day. I empathize with my customers and cater my performance to each customer's immediate and long term concerns to ensure first call resolution in a meaningful and morally responsible way. I maintain high quality performance statistics, and regularly attend my full time shifts, which allows me to contribute to company goals and achievements. I desire to grow and contribute with my additional experience and I make my desire to cultivate greater success for our company known to my superiors, who appreciate my performance. HVAC Apprentice A1 Heating & Cooling - Meridian, ID June 2018 to August 2018 As an HVAC apprentice, I worked to support Journeyman technicians in serving customers throughout the Treasure Valley via assembly/fabrication, delivery, systems installation, and systems repair operations. Working with A1, these services are performed to the absolute highest standards of skill, industry knowledge, and physical endurance in regards to all forms of commercial and residential HVAC systems support. Senior Technical Support Specialist Sykes Enterprises, Incorporated - Boise, ID September 2016 to July 2018 As a Technical Support specialist, I receive inbound calls involving all manner of problem solving situations, and I represent Nest Labs by troubleshooting their products in a warm hearted and knowledgeable way. I provide the highest level of customer service to callers while resolving their concerns to offer them the piece of mind that they deserve. I am quick at my job, and quick to offer guidance and assistance to my teammates, who have also shared much with me. I started as a first level Technical Support Representative back in 2015,and became a Senior Technical Support Specialist by 2018 also assisting with the day to day management of the floor, escalated call types, agent coaching, as well as team communications around training and policy updates. Technical Support Specialist II Verizon Wireless - Conduent Boise - Boise, ID May 2017 to October 2017 Tier 2 Overnight Senior Technical Support for Verizon's Global queue, including international travelers and high value accounts. Duties included supporting technical troubleshooting and resolution of technical difficulty, simultaneous operation of several systems for technical and customer service information, professional dress and demeanor. Left due to misinformation about both pay and benefits. Certified Manufacturing Quality Inspector Adecco: USA - Meridian, ID May 2016 to September 2016 Contracted through Adecco: USA to Plexus, worked as a Production Associate - Quality Inspector, and achieved Certified IPC Specialist through IPC's certification program. Daily duties include inspection of mostly Class 2 electronic assemblies, but due to training is certified to inspect all classes of electronics. Customer Service Associate Cartridge World - Boise, ID August 2015 to September 2015 Responsibilities  Temporary As Customer Service Associate, Sorted/Packaged/Sold/Processed Returns For A Variety of Ink and Laser Cartridges. Assisted with basic troubleshooting.    Accomplishments  Assisted with inventory arrangement and planning. Customer Service Representative/Call Center Hewlett Packard - Boise, ID April 2015 to July 2015 Responsibilities  Received Inbound Customer Service Calls, Responded To Customer Concerns, Troubleshooting IT Manager/ Project Manager College Cabs - Pullman, WA April 2014 to July 2014 Responsibilities  Overall Business Support, Management Of Drivers and Driver Duties, Logistics Management, Website Development, Vehicle Maintenance, Long Shifts (12+ hours), Cash Handling, Minor Wiring, Workstation Development, Equipment Installation And Design Office Assistant EcoWater - Moscow, ID September 2013 to February 2014 Responsibilities  Greeted Customers, Answered Phone, Entered All Transactions into Quickbooks, Processed Inventory, Extensive Use of Microsoft Office, Filing, Order Fulfillment, Scheduling, Customer Service at the front desk, occasional Deliveries. Customer Service Representative/Call Center AT&T April 2012 to April 2013 Hard/Soft Business and Phone Skills, Professional Customer Service, Clerical Experience, Teamwork Education General Equivalency Diploma North Idaho College - Coeur d'Alene, ID May 2010 to June 2010 Skills Microsoft Office, Quality Assurance, Quality Control, Customer Service (6 years), Manufacturing, Technical Support (3 years), Information Technology (3 years), IT Management, Office Administration (1 year), Public Speaking (6 years), Inventory Control, Project Planning, Project Management, Business Development, Tech Support, Help Desk, Desktop Support, Wiring, Commercial Hvac, Air Conditioning, Heating, Plumbing, EPA, HVAC, Business Management, Cooling Certifications/Licenses Certified IPC Specialist (CIS) August 2016 to August 2018 Certified in inspection of all classes of electronic assemblies to the IPC standard. The IPC standard is the single most important manufacturing standard of electronic assemblies both domestically and internationally, and products cannot be sold internationally without being built to class specifications per IPC. There are 3 classes within IPC certification, and I am specialized to inspect all 3 classes of electronic assembly. The first class is most consumer electronics, Class 1. Class 2 is intermediate consumer electronics and large scale commercial productions that are often used in business applications and high end consumer electronics worldwide. Class 3 covers electronics built to the absolute highest standard for medical and military devices, and the highest end consumer and business electronics available. Nest Thermostat Technical Support October 2016 to Present This certification is recognition that I have been trained to support the Nest Learning Thermostat. Licensed HVC Apprentice July 2018 to July 2023 This certifies me to perform all manner of HVC related labor in accordance with Idaho State Law and Idaho Building Code while supervised by a Journeyman or Higher level tradesman. This certification also represents documentation that I am proficient in the use of all manner of basic power and hand tools while following Idaho Building Code and OSHA safety regulations.