Intake Receptionist Intake Receptionist Intake Receptionist - Hope Faith Ministries Kansas City, MO obtain a position where I can utilize communication, organization, and project management skills in a team environment.  Proficiency Skills Summary:  ? Able to type 60 wpm  ? Proficient in Microsoft Office Suites, i.e. Word, Excel, and Power Point  ? Capable of operating copiers, scanners, and fax machines as well as fax software packages using a PC  ? Experience with various switchboard operations from Rolm to Cisco database telephone systems up to 50 lines  ? Skilled in using Lotus notes for meeting scheduling and e-mail  ? Experience with Microsoft's Enterprise Project Management tools (EPM and EPM2) Work Experience Intake Receptionist Hope Faith Ministries - Kansas City, MO May 2018 to Present Greet clients when they arrive and check them in using a database application called Virtual Case Manager. IT Project Coordinator/Executive Administrative Assistant Modis IT Bayer Crop Science - Kansas City, MO January 2008 to September 2008 -Provided administrative clerical support for the North American Local Area Network team and my duties included the following tasks:  * Provided administrative support for a Future System Landscape project involving a roll out of the new SAP/3 application Bayer Crop Science in Kansas City, Mexico, and Germany as a Project Coordinator  * Coordinated round trip travel arrangements from U.S. to Mexico and Germany  * Prepared expense reports using the Concur online system  * Utilized Lotus Notes for e-mail and coordination of meeting invitations and conference room scheduling  * Prepared monthly project billing for the department Senior Administrative Assistant/ IT Project Coordinator Kelly Services - Kansas City, MO September 2007 to January 2008 -Provided support to three Vice Presidents of Assurant's Local Area Network department and responsibilities included:  * Coordinated on and off-site meetings for various project teams and coordinated travel arrangements  * Prepared meeting minutes and posted them to Microsoft's Enterprise Project Management tool on the department's intranet site  * Processed accounts payable for equipment and other purchases daily Operations Manager/Exec. Admin. Assistant CHIC A Community Development Corp - Kansas City, MO January 2003 to August 2007 -Provided administrative support to the President of the Community Development Corp. and tasks included:  * Coordinated neighborhood meetings by contacting organizations and city personnel  * Sought grant applications for community-based projects and prepared proposals and contracts upon award  * Acted as liaison between the organization and engineers, architects, and contractors to implement neighborhood housing redevelopment projects such as the Benton In-fill Housing Project Education Graduated in General Education F.L. Schalgle High School - Kansas City, KS August 1976 to January 1980 Skills Microsoft Office (10+ years) Certifications/Licenses Certified Word Processor August 1983 to Present Taught computer applications and opeations