Training and Quality Leader - Guidanz Program Training and Quality Leader - Guidanz Program Training and Quality Leader - Guidanz Program - Cummins, Inc Columbus, IN Strong background in IT, Software Development, User Experience (UX), UAT Testing and coordination, Technical Root Cause Analysis and Project Management. My background comes from over 15 years in the Automotive service Industry. Work Experience Training and Quality Leader - Guidanz Program Cummins, Inc June 2016 to Present Achievements:  • Created Training program with limited budget for a new program.  • Selected to lead Distributor Branch(s) with process/gap analysis and provided recommendations on improvement.  • Developed a defect handling process between the Support team and the development group  • Implemented 1st international Guidanz Distributor adaptors (3 locations in Australia)  • Created eLearning delivery for Guidanz Training. (started in January 2019) which resulted in a $16.2 million cost avoidance to dealers, and $327k cost savings to distributors.  • Use case analysis for International Program adoption.    Daily Responsibilities:  • Responsible for coordinating and conducting Training sessions for worldwide adopters of Guidanz.  • Provide Senior Leadership Analytics on current processes with regard to testing and quality.  • Collaborated with Customer Care group to lead through potential issues, and build knowledge management system for Guidanz Customer Care.  • Accountable for documentation, videos, FAQ's, training schedule, for both Distributor and Dealer groups. Also manage training budget, travel schedules, and determination of training content as well as locations.  • Consulted in Guidanz design reviews for upcoming features and new content.  • Manage a team of 4 training specialists for Guidanz.  • Managed/Coached Scrum Masters in proper business scrum practices and Scrum adoption processes (dotted line). Technical Project Manager - IT - CSS (Cummins Service System (Now Guidanz Web) Program Cummins, Inc April 2015 to June 2016 Recruited in April 2015 to join CSS Program for managing integrations, Scrum Masters, and Project Manager. Duties included:  Achievements:  • Managed Capital budget for Guidanz ($5 million 1st year and $7 million 2nd year).  • Coached Business Analyst and SME's in requirement gathering exercises  • Coached Test team in writing effective test cases  • Coordinated and ran UAT for product release.  • Managed Scrum Masters and Project Managers  • Managed vendors for product development    Daily Activities:  • Reviewing and approving SOWs, creating and managing PRs / POs (timely invoice receipt and reconciliation)  • Provided inputs during AOP and simulation  • Managed vendor resource agreements and adherence to rates  • Provided weekly and ad hoc program status updates to IT and Business leadership  • Maintained IT program level budget including capital and expense tracking, forecasting, and reporting ($5 million budget for year 1, $7 million for year 2)  • Managed EPMO artifacts and relationship with EMPO team  • Managed risks associated with IT integration hurdles (external teams, waterfall vs. agile frameworks, IT processes, global security, etc)  • Participated in IT Gives and Gets coordination with EPMO  • Conducted In-field early adopter training and onsite production support for CSS  • Managed Scrum Masters and PMs through Release 1 deployment (recruiting, hiring, end of year reviews)  • Setup resources for staffing development team for CSS, as well as arranged their on-boarding with the vendor companies. EBU IT Project Manager - Customer Support Cummins, Inc June 2013 to April 2015 Achievements:  • Developed a mechanism to make engine data available to engineers in PEM for critical EPA/CARB reporting IUR.  • Developed a mechanism to provide calibrations to technicians from a cloud environment. The project modified a 19 step process to a 2 step process. The project's budget was $500k and completed in 7 months  • Developed a mechanism to make all engine data available to users in Cummins for use in predictive analytics, warranty research, legal inquiries, trends, and failure analysis.  Daily Responsibilities:  • Responsible for managing the project budget  • Selected and managed resources (BA, Architects, Delivery Managers, and Developers)  • Communicated project status with Project Sponsors, Process Owners, and Management  • Maintained schedules to meet on-time project deliverables  • Mitigated potential risks to avoid impacts to the project  • Ensured all required project artifacts were complete, accurate, and available in ITPM prior to their respective deadlines.  • Assisted with the selection of vendors and continuous on-going communication during the implementation of our Cloud Technology for Telematics, INSITE Images, and Cal on the Web  • Managed capital reporting for projects on a monthly basis to Finance  • Maintained critical involvement with vendor relations for our Cloud Projects (IBM, CloudOne, SIS) Current Product Support Tier III Engineer Electronic Service Tools August 2010 to June 2013 Achievements:  • Developed a method to gather data from the field using INSITE Images for the OBD/ARB project, which supported the California ARB and Federal EPA standards that required emission compliance by 2013 for diesel engines  • Managed the rollout of the INLINE 6 (from Field Test to production)    Daily Responsibilities:  • Served as liaison between Engineering and Service Channel  • Coordinated and monitored Field Test for various Service Channel electronic tools.  • Production Support for INSITE users (approx. 45,000), and Third Party datalink adapters  • Functioned as the Emergency Responder Tech (ERT) Co-Captain for Woodside South Office Building  • Served on the Southern Indiana ERT Council    Areas of Knowledge:  Certified Scrum Master  Experience in Waterfall, Agile and Scaled Agile Methodologies  Guidanz Web  Guidanz Mobile  INSITE  Big Data University  Hadoop  Big Insights Platform  LGBT Safe Leader Training  Trailhead Salesforce training  IBM Rational ClearCase  IBM Rational ClearQuest  Remedy User  Remedy CRM  Minitab 6 Sigma training  RTC (Rational Tool Concert)  Ariba Education Bachelor of Science in Management Ivy Tech State College - Bloomington, IN Skills Photoshop, Teaching, Public Speaking, CPR