IT Vendor Management Specialist <span class="hl">IT</span> Vendor Management Specialist IT Vendor Management Consultant Mount Prospect, IL Looking for a new opportunity to take my career to next level. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Vendor Management Specialist Tenneco - Lake Forest, IL April 2019 to Present Working in the IT VMO office as Vendor management Specialist on IT procurement and licensing. Validate the MSA's, SLA's, Sow's. Working on a large budget Project with Accenture technology team on clone and carve on splitting the software licensing or purchasing the new licensing on enterprise IT level as needed. Leading the Project for clone and carve program with the entire lifecycle from initial requirements till budget approval effort is complete. IT Vendor Management Consultant Trustmark - Lake Forest, IL September 2018 to Present Trustmark   IT Vendor Management Consultant (Information Security)  Serves as the primary information security link between the assigned business unit(s) and enterprise Information Security Office. Responsible for supporting the business unit(s) with security related issues both from the technology as well as policy and standards implementation.   Work with business unit(s) and across Enterprise IT to support information security needs of business to include: Implementing and tracking the vendor information security management program for the business unit(s).  Coordinating/responding to information security related inquiries/requests from external stakeholders and third parties to include: request for proposals, audits, regulator requests, and others.  Coordinating work efforts across IT/OPS, EPMO, Enterprise Architecture, and others.  Lead and complete risk analysis for both onsite, written or verbal assessments, with the assistance of the business, ensuring consistent execution.  Oversees the Business Continuity Plan (BCP) program and its effective operation  Coordinates testing for disaster recovery, business continuity, and operating systems security, and assists in the implementation company-wide guidelines  Coordinates with System Owners, Technical Leads, and Business Reps to ensure the development, maintenance, and testing of their respective BCPs to meet readiness requirements for company continuity of operations.  Assist with defining appropriate metrics to measure the quality of the security program  Assist with driving the security awareness program.  Serve as central contact for questions/inquiries relating to information protection process.  Represent the Information Security organization on projects as needed.  Respond to information security related questions for external requests including: Regulator requests; Audit requirements  Identified Vulnerabilities including Remediation Planning  Review vendor and client contracts to make sure we are able to comply with requirements. Work closely with the PSO and Legal.  Identifies information security risks and leverages the Information Security Management System to prioritize risks across the enterprise.  Responsible for providing insight, input and assistance in developing and advancing the overall information security strategy across the enterprise including, but not limited to, security awareness.  Solid experience with and knowledge of HIPAA and other healthcare security regulations. Tech. & App Mgmt. Specialist/ Project Manager ADP 2016 to 2018 Develop and maintain effective verbal and written communications and relationships with clients and associates to contribute to a successful overall client experience. Utilize a combination of product knowledge, HR knowledge and project management skills to ensure a quality implementation experience for the client. Proactively contact clients during the implementation process to assess their satisfaction and fully utilize standardized tools and technology to support workforce management solution delivery.  • Run Team support of 10K+ Enterprise Windows, Solaris UNIX & SUSE Linux Servers.  • Problem Management, Incident Management, Root Cause Analysis, Deployment Support, Change Management.  • Define and report Impact of Critical Incidents on Clients and Product Availability.  • Administer, Maintain & Support 2nd Line critical Business/ Support Services Applications.  • Create and maintain Standard Operating Procedures, Knowledge Base for troubleshooting incidents & resolving problems, and Root Cause Analysis documents  • Manage multiple Hosting Center projects; planned and coordinated more than 60 simultaneous initiatives, ensuring that all projects were completed according to business requirements.  • Evaluate and resolve any reported technical issues related to Hosting Center deliverables.  • Identify business requirements and align project management to the needs of internal and external customers; apply effective methodologies to guide efforts that improved the performance and reliability of system development and support processes.  • Track project milestones and statuses, handle all change management, scheduling, and risk management needs to drive the success of projects.  • Collaborate with cross-functional teams to coordinate operational and technical resources throughout Hosting Center, Service Pack Upgrades, and Client Migration projects.  • Perform the final configuration steps for the build process of the flagship payroll product(Vantage HCM)  • First point of contact for receipt of collateral documentation and requirements in order to initiate all new business for Hosted products (eTime, Timesaver, Payforce, Vantage).  • Initiates work requests for technical teams to begin work-flow tasks for all new builds, upgrades, migrations, add on-on services, etc.  • Single point of contact for all new Implementations, upgrades and migrations for all hosted products.  • Works to resolve complicated issues and requirements that typically require coordination across several different business units to resolve significant client impacting issues or project goals until successful go live.  • Provides technical guidance for client/BU prior to deployment of the client environment or during the Implementation such as Networking, Interfaces, performance issues, etc.  • Ensures all documentation and issues/requests are updated and resolved in order to successfully transition to our Service organization for ongoing support.  • Assists with new product roll outs by performing testing, writing required documentation and training other teams as required.  • As needed, assist with the restoration of service during Critical Incidents for Hosted Products.  • Coordinate Regional Implementation needs with Hosting Center resources by anticipating ordinary needs, fielding requests for special needs, and obtain resources required to provide a solution.  • Manage the day to day relationship with business partners during the lifecycle of an Implementation.  • Set expectations as they relates to the Hosting Center system readiness, SLA's, custom programming and interface status  • Project liaison for one off type requests, add on's, or Phase II/III project Implementations that require a single point for coordination or resolution purposes.  • Provides leadership, guidance and direction to team members as called upon. Vendor Support Specialist Sears Holdings Corporation 2013 to 2016 • Worked as the primary interface between Sears Commerce Services and business partners/Marketplace sellers.  • Provided timely and accurate operational support to Merchants selling on the Sears platforms.  • Addressed chronic system issues, provided process improvements, and developed internal documentation.  • Worked closely with the e-commerce business, bringing projects and initiatives from ideas and concepts to technical reality.  • Contributed to a positive team environment and proactively aided team members with difficult contacts as needed.  • Maintained acceptable performance metrics such as quality, productivity, and first contact resolution.  • Actively found solutions through logical reasoning and data interpretation skills and identified trends to appropriate channel including improvement suggestions.  • Acted as liaise with other departments such as Customer Service, Account Management, Merchants, Seller Acquisition, Loss prevention, or Payments teams as required resolving Seller's issues and questions.  • Monitored existent metrics, analyzed data and partnered with internal teams and identified process and system improvement opportunities.  • Processed email requests and issues via Salesforce ticketing system.  • Identified root causes of problems and created/resolved the Jira tickets for the sellers.  • Validated Customer information using LexisNexis and conducted background checks.  • First point of contact for the legal issues like FDA recalls, Consumer Product Safety Commission, intellectual property.  • Created the technical quires to ban the items and taken the items offline from the site.  • Only point of contact for the taxonomy. Prepared the communication, mapping, migration script and sent it to the business partners.  • Provided training to offshore team. Customer Support Representative Allstate Business Insurance via Kelly Services - Northbrook, IL 2012 to 2013 • Processed certificates of insurance for automobile/business liability.  • Analyzed the web service request from the agent to gather all the necessary information to enter on certificate  • Utilized the programs Mainframe, Right Now, All-star, Microsoft Office and the Internet to complete the certificate.  • Collaborated with agents and underwriters to correct information and language before processing the certificate.  • Researched missing trailing documents for business insurance policies  • Worked on new project in CON NEXUS, updating MCP 65 & MCP 67 filling  • Investigated addresses for returned mails  • Actively listened to customer problems or questions and quickly resolved issues  • Follow -up to make sure agent/ customer received the certificate  • Performed other administrative duties as assigned Assistant Professor for Computer Science Department CT Group of Institutes - Jalandhar, Punjab 2008 to 2010 Subjects taught included  • Database management system  • Oracle, computer graphics  • Software engineering  • Computer architecture, operating systems, and computer networks and data structure Coordinator of .net Technologies Dept. of Information Technology - Chandigarh, Chandigarh 2006 to 2006 Chandigarh, India 2006 - 2006    Project 1 - Online Shopping Website  Developed web-site in .NET & SQL for handling all the transaction and inventory records for On-line shopping experience    Project 2 - Library Management system  Developed in Visual Basics & Oracle for browsing books quickly and generating reports based on storage  Responsibilities included:  • Generated Blue Prints/Drawings  • Application Programming for 2D/3D Software  • Coding Embedded SW applications  • System Requirements Development  • Training personnel in database system  • Coordinator of .net Technologies, training provided by HCL company.  • Black-Box/White Box-Testing  • UNIX shell Programming Education MBA in Information Technology Sikkim Manipal University 2011 Bachelor's in computer science and engineering in Technology College Of Engineering and Management 2007 Skills .NET (1 year), LINUX (2 years), ORACLE (4 years), VANTAGE (2 years), JIRA (3 years), Project Management Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/romakaur Assessments Organizational Skills — Proficient December 2018 Measures a candidate's ability to arrange and manage files or records using a set of rules. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/ofngesfv3nodtvhg Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information PROGRAMMING SKILLS    Languages /Technologies: .NET, C, C++, HTML, Visual Basic, Basic knowledge of Java, MS Office Application Excel, MS Word and Internet Explorer / Mozilla Firefox, Chrome, XML technologies such as XML Schema, Salesforce.com application, Jira, Siebel, Agile methodologies.    Databases: Oracle, SQL, Working knowledge of Hadoop.    Operating Systems: Windows 98/2000/ XP/ Vista, Windows 7/ 8, DOS, Linux, Windows 10, Remote Desktop, CITRIX, PUTTY.    Administrator Tools: HP Operations Orchestration software, MOTIF, CA Service Desk, Job Status DB, IT Service Portal, Vantage UAT, Vantage Production, SharePoint, OneNote, ITIL, Splunk, MQ.