Project Coordinator <span class="hl">Project</span> Coordinator Project Coordinator - Cap Gemini Bergenfield, NJ • 10+ years using Microsoft applications One Note, Excel, Word, Project, PowerPoint, Outlook, Project Share Point, and O365.  • Experienced in Project Management tools such as Planview and Clarity. Solid project control skills managing and reporting on conflicting Priorities, Issues, Risks, Dependencies and Change Management. Solid skills developing RAID logs, Risk Registers, and following up on deliverables.  • 5+ years of experience in SAP environments as a Project coordinator/ manager, using the Project Management Framework, working in Healthcare and Banking environments supporting PM's with Meeting Minutes, Presentations, KPI analysis, ERS signatures, and Dashboard development.  • Superior Customer Service, Communication, Collaboration and Problem Solving skills and able to work well with all levels of the Organization.  • Willingness to travel as needed by the Business. Work Experience Project Coordinator Cap Gemini - Newark, NJ October 2018 to Present • Coordinate project execution for Health related IT projects demonstrating proficiency in MS- Project, and other MS office suite of products (Power Point, Excel, Word, Visio);  • Drive project status reporting using strong communication, presentation, relationship building and strategic planning skills.  • Manage and organize multiple tasks and project deliverables using strong time management, goals setting and task prioritization abilities  • Responsible for reporting project progress through dashboard presentations, project metrics, trend analysis, and executive reporting. PMO Project Coordinator New York, NY April 2018 to October 2018 • Define project resources, budgets, and tasks for multiple compliance, monitoring/control and security projects using agile/scrum methodology in the ITIL framework.  • Identify resource needs and ensure resource availability and allocation.  • Create and maintain Power point decks, Project plans in MS Project, O365 and Power point.  • Responsible for storing all artifacts in a Share point repository and updating regularly.  • Establish and maintain relationships with third party vendors and internal parties.  • Coordinate third party vendor resources to help implement new Security Software and initiatives.  • Coordinate Risk Assessment Questionnaires with vendors to ensure compliance with HIPAA regulations.  • Organize meetings amongst internal staff and vendor resources.  • Track project progress and provide daily, weekly, monthly status to stakeholders and management.  • Help develop project process documentation and ITIL project methodology templates w/in Service Now. Consultant Bristol-Myers Squibb - Princeton, NJ September 2017 to April 2018 Senior PMO Project Coordinator/Jr. Project Manager  • Support IT Project Managers in an Agile/Scrum environment with day-to-day activities including headcount, budgets, logging and mitigating Risks, Actions, Issues, and Dependencies and following up to ensure their closure.  • Manage/schedule all Project work stream plans in Microsoft Project/Excel/O365.  • Engage with internal/external clients, developers, and vendors to determine requirements and obtain pertinent signatures using ERS.  • Attend meetings and develop meeting minutes tracking all action items through closure.  • Prepare weekly presentations for Senior Management using Microsoft PowerPoint and responsible for storage/permissions to a Share point location. Consultant NYU Medical Center - New York, NY March 2017 to September 2017 EPMO Jr. Project Coordinator  • Provide PMO Project Management support to Infrastructure, Corporate Services, Risk Management Teams. Coordinate meetings, take detailed minutes, and follow up on all action items on a daily basis.  • Lead a migration project from one Storage platform to a newer robust platform. Coordinate and collaborate with IT, Active Directory, Storage Engineering, and Help desk team to ensure a smooth transition.  • Assist Application teams in Oracle Access Manager System upgrade. Responsible for tracking down application owners, confirming their staging environments, and coordinating testing. Maintained Actions and Testing logs for project, and responsible for storage and maintenance to a shared Share point repository.  • Provide project assistance to various Database security projects. Lead meetings, capture minutes, update headcount statistics, update weekly Sr. Management decks, and track all action items. Consultant Becton Dickinson - Franklin Lakes, NJ November 2016 to January 2017 IT Project Coordinator/Business Analyst  • Provide Project coordination and support to the IT PMO Team on Projects using Agile/Scrum PM methodology, from Inception to Completion. Maintain RAID logs in Microsoft Excel and track down updates on a daily basis.  • Conduct Stakeholder interviews and facilitate project meetings as requested, including scheduling, agenda management, meeting logistics and post meeting support including notes and Action items.  • Assist Project Managers in creating RFP's to solicit vendors for various projects. Also, assist with to be project documentation and project presentation materials, utilizing advanced features of Microsoft Excel, Power point and Microsoft Visio to display Organization charts throughout the business.  • Work with offshore providers such as HCL Technologies in Chennai, India, to support new emerging Becton Dickinson technologies abroad. Jr. Project Coordinator/ Manager - MIT Infrastructure PMO Moody's Corporation - New York, NY May 2016 to November 2016 • Manage the successful delivery of project solutions to our business customers using Agile methodology, by leading the project team and supporting the IT and Business Executives w/in the ITIL framework. Project Budgets up to $1M. The projects are moderately complex.  • Create and manage overall project plan using Microsoft Project and Power point to display timelines. Assist in budget tracking, issue and Risk mitigation. Working with the Development and QA manager, assist in creating the plan utilizing iterative development (Scrum, Agile). IT Project Coordinator/Business Analyst Bank of America - Jersey City, NJ November 2015 to May 2016 • Support Project Managers on a portfolio of Global Wealth Management projects including the delivery of technical solutions used by Front office, Credit, and Market Risk business lines.  • Build effective working relationships with business, technical, and design teams as well as external vendors/partners.  • Using Agile and Waterfall PM Methodology, support Engineers with JIRA/EPIC analysis to ensure 2-week sprints stay on schedule.  • Assist Project managers with database marketing projects including review of monthly offers, and documentation of process improvements and technical requests. Business Project Analyst BNY Mellon May 2015 to October 2015 • Drive the collection, documentation, and completion of Product/Marketing related deliverables across multiple projects. Responsible for storing all documents in Share point.  • Assist in providing overall project communication to stakeholders and management of stakeholder expectations, including preparation of quarterly Marketing presentations for various projects using Microsoft Excel and Power point, and review of FRD's/BRD's during each phase of project.  • Anticipate new Product risks and act to mitigate quickly via RAID logs and escalation to Senior Management. Broker Salesperson/Office Manager Century 21 - Teaneck, NJ June 2014 to April 2015 • Listed and sold residential and commercial properties.  • Managed an office of 15 associates with responsibilities to train, onboard, and monitor all sales activities. Project Coordinator/ Manager - Compliance/Dodd-Frank Regulations Standard Chartered Bank - New York, NY January 2014 to June 2014 • Concentrate on Volcker Rule Regulatory initiative. Implement Project plans/run meetings/take minutes and follow through on all action items for Volcker Team.  • Support domestic and International (Singapore) PMO organization by maintaining Share point sites ensuring proper permissions and organizing documents effectively and efficiently. Create weekly/monthly status decks using Microsoft power point for Sr. Management review and maintaining them in a Share point repository. PMO Project Manager Benjamin Moore - Montvale, NJ May 2012 to December 2013 • Managed a portfolio of 5+ projects from Initiation to Closure, relative to Supply Chain initiatives, Marketing product launches, Web based products, Data Warehouse improvements, and IT enhancements using full SDLC methods.  • Worked closely with Marketing information team to determine appropriate customer targeting/selection.  • Assist Senior Management Team with end-to-end execution of all quarterly/annual Customer Growth programs. Project Coordinator/ Manager - Compliance/Dodd-Frank Regulations Standard Chartered Bank - New York, NY November 2011 to May 2012 • Implement Project plans/run meetings/take minutes for FATCA and Credit Reporting work streams, leading Team from initiation to Close.  • Support PMO organization by maintaining Share point sites ensuring proper permissions and organizing documents effectively and efficiently. Create weekly/monthly status decks using Microsoft power point for Sr. Management review. Project Coordinator - EPMO Citigroup - Township of Warren, NJ January 2010 to October 2011 • Support IT Project Managers with minute taking, tracking action items, and entering pertinent project data into Planview.  • Build effective working relationships with business, technical, and design teams as well as external vendors/partners.  • Create and manage overall project plan using Microsoft Project and Power point to display timelines. Assist in issue and Risk mitigation.  • Prepare weekly presentations using Microsoft Power point and responsible for storage/permissions to a Share point location. Education Bachelors in Business Administration in Finance Iona College - New Rochelle, NY 1993