Project Management Consulting <span class="hl">Project</span> Management Consulting Exemplary Achievements in Project Implementations Cincinnati, OH Project Manager Profile  Dynamic, results driven Project Manager with 10 years’ experience managing software development and deployment and infrastructure implementations with budgets ranging from $5K to $8M. Expert use of SDLC framework using methodologies such as Waterfall, Agile, and Kaizen. Proficient in Clarity, Daptiv, Planview, and MS Server Project Management Software.    Project Management Skills  ? Healthcare Information Technology   ? Information Technology   ? Strategic Planning   ? Continuous Improvement  ? Quality Assurance   ? Risk Management  ? Resource Management   ? Budget Management Work Experience Project Management Consulting Nashville, TN April 2017 to June 2019 IT Project Management Consultant  • Collaborating with Clients on several multidisciplinary projects with short term, fixed scope and schedules. Assignments include the following:  • Documenting a current state profile of applications, infrastructure, and devices to create a future state proposal with innovative technologies with cutting edge industry outcomes.  • Facilitating a 72 site upgrade as Daptiv Project Portfolio Manager controlling scope, progress, resources, risks, financials, and quality.  • Collaborating with a 10 member Project Team to migrate 579 facilities to a new Active Directory domain via group policy push. Spearheading the site notifications, scheduling, migrations, and closures with the creation of a Microsoft Access database.  • Researching and presenting Waterfall and Agile methodology recommendations for a new Project Management Office. IT Project Management Consultant Bradford and Galt - Nashville, TN March 2016 to March 2017 Client - Baptist Health System  • Achieving on time and under budget for all closed projects.  • Managing 8 to 10 projects with a diverse portfolio including software upgrades, integration designs, and infrastructure advancement. Project Team size between 5 to 20 resources. Budget amounts between $5K to $1M.  • Resolving an Information Technology and Business Stakeholder issue regarding project scope and budget, ultimately saving the Business $250K.  • Leading the initiative to create new Project Management Office policies and procedures with focus on increasing Stakeholder involvement, manageable documentation requirements, and a more productive approval process. Project Manager Catholic Health Initiatives/KentuckyOne Health - Louisville, KY January 2011 to January 2016 - Enterprise Project Management Office  • Leading large scale, fixed timeline projects with Project Teams totaling 150 resources. Budget amounts between $50K to $8M.  • Researching continuous improvements using Kaizen methodologies for increased quality in products and services as well as creating a Team culture to consistently explore positive changes for program benefits.  • Managing schedule, tasks, resources, risks, and financials for Agile and Waterfall projects using the Clarity Project Management System. Achieving the Quality Assurance Award for exemplary project administration in Clarity.  • Creating project documentations such as Charter, Business and Technical Requirements, Training and Communication Plans, and Project Management Plan including transition to Operations. Achieving 2 Quality Peak Performance Awards for outstanding project deliverables.  • Encouraging open, honest, and respectful Teamwork within each Project Team to ensure successful implementations and customer satisfaction. Achieving the Team Peak Performance Award for outstanding Teamwork. Education Associates of Science in Health Administration University of Kentucky - Lexington, KY