Senior IT Buyer - P2P Senior <span class="hl">IT</span> Buyer - P2P Senior IT Buyer - P2P Seattle, WA Senior Purchasing & Logistics Manager offering the benefit of a successful 20-year career with experience in management, Supply Chain Operations, International Logistics, purchasing, procurement, materials planning and vendor management. Strong interpersonal and communication skills with a demonstrated talent to develop and maintain sound business relationships. Proven ability to assume challenging roles, perform in highly visible positions, work under pressure to meet deadlines and produce strong sustainable results.  Assertive and energetic self-starter; effective working both independently and as a team member. Consistent success in surpassing productivity and performance objectives. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior IT Buyer - P2P Nintendo of America - Redmond, WA January 2016 to July 2019 Responsible for the purchase of semi-complex and complex Information Technology goods and services. Cloud based contracts, Apple, MSFT renewals and True ups.  • Strong skills and knowledge in root cause analysis/problem solving and the ability to implement and drive corrective actions and efficiencies.  • Supported organizational IT projects that improved delivery of hardware, identified and resolved process gaps, increased procurement reliability and agility, leveraged others effectively to support internal business team goals. Created and implemented IT Managers procurement Process as well as New Supplier set Up form.  • Supported service contracts with consulting and professional services / staffing vendors, including MSA's, amendments, SOW's, and other contractual agreements through the procurement process.  • Conducted analysis, coordinated with key stakeholder participation (Legal, Tax, Information Technology, Finance, etc.) and executed supporting administrative processes. Supply Chain Operations Project Manager/Procurement Lead Microsoft Contracted with Ciber Inc - Redmond, WA April 2015 to November 2015 • Directed and coordinated, through subordinates, activities of the MCIO global procurement team to support the Microsoft Cloud and Infrastructure Operations division.  • Coordinated all activities involved with procuring hardware, software and services in support of datacenter deployment activities for Microsoft Cloud and infrastructure Services nationally and globally.  • Root-cause process failures and implement process improvements through standard operating procedures and policy updates.  • Track Purchase Orders, review Invoices for payment, and assist with payment issue resolution.  • Designed, implemented, and refined processes from materials request to product shipment.  • Managed and coordinated a team of 8 individual contributors of procurement analysts. Network Project Manager Microsoft Contracted with Ciber Inc - Redmond, WA August 2014 to April 2015 • Analyzed Daily internal operations to support MSFT Hardware Supply Manager.  • Evaluated supplier performance of company processes and procedures to determine areas of cost reduction and program improvement.  • Established internal control procedures and documentation for asset decommissions supporting internal compliance.  • Resolved $5 Million + in outstanding invoice discrepancies with major Microsoft Network hardware suppliers. Service Delivery Manager & Team Lead Microsoft Contracted with Ciber Inc - Redmond, WA May 2014 to July 2014 • Responsible for the day-to-day support of GFS Hardware Supply Management team, including escalations and driving business critical work items to closure.  • Supervised and coached a diverse team of consultants/specialists that operated offshore and in the United States. Areas of support; Supply Chain Procurement, Supplier Performance, Warranty, Material Masters (NPI), International Logistics & Hardware Supply Management reporting.  • Analyzed, defined, and documented new MSFT Standard Operating procedures. Logistics Project Manager Global Foundation Services Microsoft Contracted with Ciber Inc - Redmond, WA May 2013 to May 2014 • Analyzed, defined, Created and documented new Standard Operating procedures building the foundation of the international Logistics Team for MSFT. Established policies and procedures outlining the project's operation and function.  • Managed multiple projects and successfully achieved milestones, ensuring projects complied with all scope  specifications and that deadlines were met.  • Collaborated with Global Trade teams, Microsoft project managers, key stakeholders and teams across GFS.  • Prepared and presented project updates to senior management to achieve both immediate and long-term goals.  • Organized training and held Monthly classes for tactical process reviews, as well as ensuring project activities complied with company and client requirements. Supply Chain Operations Specialist Amazon Web Services contracted with TRC Staffing - Seattle, WA October 2012 to April 2013 • Responsible for the overall direction, coordination, implementation, and completion of specific projects ensuring consistency with company commitments and goals.  • Tracked the status of purchase requisitions to purchase orders using internal tools and processes.  • Worked with vendors to coordinate purchase order changes as well as monitoring purchase order issuance and cancellations.  • Monitored recurring issues that arose during the purchase requisition to purchase order creation process and proactively recommend solutions to improve the process.  • Presented the performance and metrics associated with the purchase requisition to purchase order processes.    • Positive communication and interaction with internal teams. Education Shoreline Community College - Shoreline, WA Skills ERP, PROJECT MANAGER, EBS, DYNAMICS, SHAREPOINT, JDA, MRP, SAP, ORACLE, EXCEL, MICROSOFT OFFICE, OUTLOOK, POWERPOINT, WORD Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/katrina-beckman-90b80a5