Senior Consultant Senior Consultant Little Elm, TX A highly dedicated professional with extensive experience in IT, business analysis and project management functions. Possessing excellent interpersonal and communication skills, with a proven track record of efficiently meeting user requirements, serving as a liaison among system users and initiating effective solutions to problems. Work Experience Senior Consultant SAXONY PARTNERS - Dallas, TX July 2015 to Present Plan and manage projects aligning business goals with technology solutions to drive process improvements,competitive advantage and bottom-line gains. Leverage technical and business acumen to communicate effectively with client executives and their teams. Clients include:    WATCHGUARD VIDEO – QA Lead / Project Manager  • Led, collaborated with, and motivated cross-functional teams of UX designers, business analysts, developers, and testers to develop, execute, and release cloud-based B2B services in alignment with major product roadmaps.    • Provided leadership and mentorship on a software development project to deliver enhancements and new functionality to WatchGuard's externally facing evidence management application using the agile methodology.    • Performed functional and regression testing of the applications. Created and executed test plans, test cases and test scripts to uncover, identify and document software problems and their causes in Jira.    LASALLE INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT - Strategy Consultant  • Led the selection process and implementation of commercial real estate asset management software that covers the Life of the Asset. A SaaS solution that will provide LaSalle with increased efficiency, reduced operational and reputational risk, and improved investor transparency and reporting.    • Met with 20 functional groups that included over 100 participants from all LaSalle offices to develop a data management strategy that supports the overall business goals and objectives. Created process and data flow diagrams of the main business processes for each department using Microsoft Visio.    WINGSTOP – QA Lead / Project Manager / Business Analyst  • Facilitated Scrum ceremonies such as daily stand-ups, backlog grooming, sprint planning, and retrospectives.Utilized Agile Scrum practices to help the team increase their velocity by 63% within the first year of agile adoption. Created product backlog, sprint backlog and managed user stories in TFS.    • Managed project budget of $2.5 Million and Led a team of 4 developers that designed and developed several B2B & B2C solutions including a custom Kitchen Display System (KDS), kiosks, QR-coded pickup lockers and custom Customer Facing Display (CFD) used across all stores to enhance restaurant operations, improve guest satisfaction, facilitate communication, training, and provide real-time performance metrics resulting in a 23% reduction in food wastage. Automated customer notifications through cloud communications platform.    • Tracked, logged and reported defects using TFS. Designed, developed, created, and executed test plans and cases based on software requirements and technical understanding of product architecture.    • Provided the link between the customer, development team and any third party regarding software functionality,throughout the development lifecycle. Provided updated weekly project status reports to team leadership.    AMERISOURCEBERGEN – QA Lead / Agile Project Manager / Business Analyst  • Simultaneously led two B2B solution projects (30 team members & $4.1 million budget) pioneering uncharted movements on reporting oncology data through Qlikview, SSRS and proprietor .NET applications while building an Enterprise Data Warehouse from inception.    • Assisted with the development, establishment, and enforcement of quality assurance measures and testing standards for new applications, products throughout their development and product lifecycles.    • Developed and communicated business requirements and functional specifications for the implementation of medical oncology workflow solutions. Created user test cases and validated results throughout project life cycle.    HAVENBROOK HOMES – Project Manager / Business Analyst / QA  • Led a team of developers and UX designers that developed all-in-one property management web and mobile solution that helped property managers streamline daily tasks in the rent, vacancy, and maintenance cycles for 800+ single family homes.    • Documented, coached, and elicited business requirements from subject matter experts by writing user stories resulting in a clearer, more detailed and more complete understanding of project deliverables.    • Created company’s first comprehensive data dictionary. Engaged client to gather software requirements/business rules and ensured alignment with development teams. Conducted data analysis using SQL and Excel to create reports such as sales summary and monthly reconciliation. Technical Analyst GOLDMAN SACHS - Irving, TX February 2013 to July 2015 • Initiated product backlog and developed user stories with clear acceptance criteria. Worked with various global teams in the constant development of custom proprietary applications used to optimize workflow of the acquisition, repossession, management, and disposition of real estate assets.    • Managed and developed SSRS reports used by upper management weekly in making key decisions on assets worth over $11.9 billion. Performed quality assurance, system integration and user acceptance testing facilitating ontime,on-budget and acclaimed “go-live” of enterprise implementations for up to 12,000 global users.    • Served as the conduit between the end users and software development team by participating in system testing,data validation, collection and documentation of software bug reports in Jira.    • Member of the Goldman Sachs NAPA Intern Committee responsible for mentoring and assisting incoming interns and analysts. Assisted in campus recruiting events and served as an approachable and informative resource.Organized on and off campus team building events. Offered support and encouragement through the career path selection, provided referral to resources, coursework, workshops, and program engagement opportunities.    • Key driver in the SharePoint 2007 to 2010 migration which improved the firm’s project management capabilities.Provided SharePoint best practices and advice regarding site set-up, site security, maintenance, and future needs. IT Project Graduate Assistant University of Houston - Houston, TX February 2011 to December 2012 • Assisted the Associate to the CIO and IT Project Manager in managing several IT projects. Documented workflows and results of business analysis in SharePoint and obtained sign-off from customers on the specifications.    • Developed new approach for training customer service staff to ensure that the staff was better prepared for issues, reducing errors by 30%. Conducted project kick-off meetings, defined project objectives and scope, tracked risks, assumptions, and managed detailed project schedules using Microsoft Project.    • Facilitated and coordinated the work of multiple project teams engaged in the establishment and implementation of new projects to support the Project Manager. Monitored timelines and flagged potential issues to be addressed. Software Engineer Intern BOSTON SCIENTIFIC - Arden Hills, MN May 2012 to August 2012 • Managed Knowledge central, a SharePoint 2010 portal designed with a vision to connect "people to people and people to knowledge". Facilitated the wire frame creation and final design of the User Interface (UI).    • Gathered user requirements and built SharePoint sites that improved the free flow of ideas which led to insight,innovation and a yearly financial gain of over $338,000.    • Interviewed pilot team site users to effectively understand their experience to develop future collaborative spaces and training materials. Developed training materials for content loaders. Configured and maintained SharePoint team site libraries, lists, links, views, permissions, etc., per business customer's requirements. Project Manager / Business Analyst (Consultant) MACEDO HOMES - Houston, TX August 2009 to May 2010 • Worked with stakeholders to further elicit requirements using interviews, document analysis, requirement workshops, surveys, site visits, business process descriptions, use cases, and workflow analysis in the development an application that improved the current business system used to track certain business processes and reduced construction cost by 10%.    • Created project plans in accordance with project management framework standards and procedures. Identified ongoing issues and gaps within project plans, in order to eliminate implementation issues. Education Master's in Technology Project Management UNIVERSITY OF HOUSTON - Houston, TX 2011 to 2013 Bachelor's in Computer Information Systems UNIVERSITY OF HOUSTON - Houston, TX 2005 to 2010 Skills Agile (7 years), Project Management (9 years), Product Management (5 years), Business Analysis (9 years) Certifications/Licenses PMP Training Six Sigma Training Scrum Master Additional Information MANISOCIAL - Owner/ UX / Project Manager/ QA / Business Analyst    - Created an all-in-one social media app that lets you manage all your favorite social media apps (Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat, LinkedIn, YouTube, Google+, Twitter, Kik, and Tumblr) in one place. The app is currently available on iOS and Android.      -Produced flow charts, wireframes and designed page layouts for the mobile app. Prototyped visual design concepts, designed icons, and provided solution for a new navigation system, resulting in a better user experience. Conducted user research through interviews and usability testing before and after the re-design.    - Managed a diverse IT team consisting of application architects, application engineers, infrastructure engineers, and outsourced vendors.    - Created and executed manual smoke, functional, regression, system, integration and exploratory tests. Ran Compatibility Testing (cross Windows/ Mac and Android/ iOS platforms, cross browsers, cross mobile devices - phones, tablets, iPads etc). Logged defects encountered in the application through TFS during test cycles and conducted fix verification.