IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager - The Boeing Company North Charleston, SC Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager The Boeing Company - North Charleston, SC May 2015 to Present • Manage executive-level initiatives including integrated planning / scheduling, customer engagement, and driving business partnerships.  • Collaborate with executive leadership teams to develop business strategy and performance improvement plans that enable business growth.  • Partner with senior leaders to coach over 100 project managers on software development, strategic integration, and program execution.  • Guide organizational development and portfolio management through Lean project management and effective team engagement.  • Lead security compliance for over 900 manufacturing systems warranting production readiness, IT preparedness, and Enterprise continuity.  • PMO support for $65M in application development projects ensuring successful governance, communication and continuous improvement.  • Coordinate program management activities for Global initiatives and next-gen Enterprise systems to leverage competitive advantages. IT Process Analyst Boeing - North Charleston, SC May 2014 to May 2015 • Advise and educate over 500 employees on design-thinking principles & creating innovative solutions to drive software engineering.  • Lead cross-functional, integrated teams across Commercial (BCA) and Defense (BDS) business units to define, deploy, evaluate, and support IT processes and tools.  • Steer the development of tactical plans based on enterprise infrastructure strategies to manage risks and monitor process performance.  • Review business intelligence reports with senior management and utilize data analytics to reduce costs while increasing productivity.  • Guide over 40 engineering teams with implementing & deploying value-driven process improvements using automation and DevOps. Internship LSU Track & Field - Baton Rouge, LA April 2011 to August 2011 • Managed over 700 recruitment documents monthly to improve talent acquisition and support logistical processes for coaching staff.  • Supported weekly operation meetings to review goals & objectives, discuss program development opportunities, financials, integrated  scheduling, marketing / engagement strategies, and program coordination.  • Researched nearly 2,000 athletic programs and created integrated talent management database to increase resource planning efficiency.  • Improved university recruitment process using Lean principles and quality management system to build long-term business partnerships. Administrative Support LSU Athletic Administration - Baton Rouge, LA January 2011 to May 2011 • Updated the entire LSU National L-Club database of over 7,000 former student-athletes through confidential data management.  • Assisted LSU Special Events & Community Relations Office with event planning, supplier & vendor management, and customer service.  • Built strong interpersonal relationships with over 1,000 constituents by discussing business partnership opportunities and benefits.  • Supported organizational development initiatives in dynamic team environment through market strategy analysis and event management. Education Master of Science in Project Management Missouri State University - Springfield, MO January 2012 to December 2013 Bachelor of Science in Sports Administration: E-Commerce Louisiana State University - Baton Rouge, LA August 2007 to August 2011 Skills Microsoft Office (10+ years), Project Management (4 years), Leadership Development (3 years), Communications (5 years), Teamwork (5 years), Organizational Development (4 years), Program Management (2 years), Marketing (5 years), Sales (5 years), Negotiation (5 years), Business Development (3 years) Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/brandonallain Additional Information • Proficiency with Program Management, Information Technology, Business Process Management (BPM), Change Management,  Performance Tracking, Strategic Integration and Sports Management.    • Over 10 years experience with Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook); 3 years OneNote, Visio, and SharePoint.    • Proficiency with Human Resource Information Systems, Business Operations, Supply Chain Management, LEAN and Agile Management,  Negotiation, Conflict Management (ADR), and Marketing / Sales.    • Interested in Organizational Effectiveness, Team Development, Innovation, Future Technology, and Government Partnerships.