Defense Threat Reduction Agency IT Portfolio Manager/DCIM SME Defense Threat Reduction Agency <span class="hl">IT</span> Portfolio <span class="hl">Manager</span>/DCIM SME Clearance: Active Secret Clearance Woodbridge, VA I am highly motivated career oriented professional with exceptional knowledge, skills, and ability supporting a high-pressure and fast pace environment. I can grasp diverse and complex requirements and develop simple to understand solutions charged with delivering and driving integrated client and customer facing strategies.    Clearance: Active Secret Clearance Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Defense Threat Reduction Agency IT Portfolio Manager/DCIM SME ManTech International Corporation - Fort Belvoir, VA September 2017 to Present Responsibilities/Accomplishments  • Created a DITPR clean up plan, in order to bring all of DTRA's IT systems into compliance with the DoD CIO's office policy  • Performed annual reviews with program managers, to ensure DITPR records were complete and accurate before a budget review cycle. Managed the addition and retirement of DTRA systems in DITPR  • Managed DTRA's Data Center Inventory Management DCIM records. Coordinated the closures and final end states of data centers report in DCIM/DCOI  • Conducted mandatory quarterly data calls for 5000+ servers and 15 DTRA data centers world wide to support DoD's Data Center Optimization Initiative DCOI and briefed to DTRA's Deputy CIO/CIO  •Supported incoming DoD CIO specific taskers  • Provided data points to the Deputy CIO concerning FITARA scoring efficiencies and deficiencies in the areas of Portfolio Review and DCOI. Headquarters Marine Corps IT Installations and Logistics (LPV-2)/C4/CIO (Command Control Communication Computers) [Pentagon] - Portfolio Analyst/Enterprise Architect TechFlow, Inc. - Arlington, VA July 2015 to Present Responsibilities  • Manage 300+ Logistics IT systems and applications records.  • Coordinate across other Functional areas, Echelon II's, Umbrella Portfolio Managers, and Central Design Agents to implement the portfolio management process according to the Functional Area Manager’s (FAM’s) direction.  • Develop a future state vision and reduce the number of IT applications and databases in the Marine Corps.   • Conduct background research to identify tools and techniques that may be used to reduce the number of IT applications and databases in the Marine Corps.  • Provide direction to stakeholders by identifying the key tasks, objectives, and desired end-states of the IT projects and services.  • Assist with IT financial reporting and tracking and the registration and maintenance of Marine Corps Logistics records in the Department of the Navy (DON) Application and Database Management System (DADMS) and the Department of Defense (DoD) Information Technology Portfolio Repository (DITPR) - DON.   • Research and review Logistics IT Spending Requests against what is already in the portfolio and registered as compliant.  • Draft strategic and tactical planning documents.  • Develop briefing materials and presentations.    Accomplishments  • Successfully developed taxonomy mappings guides for Functional Area Managers (FAM), in order for management complete tasks out by Deputy Under Secretary of the Navy (DUSN).  • Completed annual review cycle of Log IT systems in compliance with DON IT policies and guidance.   • Supported LPV-2’s Logistics Enterprise Architect Government Lead with day to day tasks and projects.  • Provided SME support in developing DODAF 2.0 products.  • Reviewed and provided a comment review matrix for 90+ Log IT process models.  • Supported FAM Lead for LPV-2 in meetings for any Enterprise Architecture relevant question.    Skills Used  - BPMN 2.0 (Business Process Modeling Notation) Certified 2014  - Knowledge of DUSN systems annual review process  - Knowledge of DoDAF 2.0  - Familiarity with the Deputy Under Secretary of the Navy (DUSN), Deputy Chief Management Officer DCMO, Office of the Secretary of Defense (OSD) and DON IT policies and guidance towards IT Investments.  - Understanding and experience with the Investment Review Board process and certification of DON Systems.  - Experience with DON Application and Database Management System (DADMS) and DoD IT Portfolio Repository (DITPR)-DON NAVY N1B6 Manpower, Planning, Training and Education [Navy Support Facility] - Enterprise Architect/Business Analyst Booz Allen Hamilton - McLean, VA September 2013 to July 2015 Responsibilities:  •Successful background working with stakeholders to develop architecture framework that aligns strategy, processes, and IT assets with business goals.  •Work closely with project managers, developers, and focus groups to avoid redundancy, minimize expenditures, and improve overall synergy within organization.  •In-depth experience establishing best practices and guidelines for selecting, developing, and implementing information systems within enterprise.  •Acute knowledge of hardware, software, networking, applications, and systems engineering.  •Excellent communication, presentation, and organizational skills.  •Provide technical expertise on the future-state architecture to clients and team members.  •Serve as an individual performer working in one or more architectural areas.     Accomplishments:  •Successfully developed DoDAF 2.0 Models required by the client to align business and technology resources.  • Lead reviewer of process models to ensure all models followed the BPMN 2.0 (Business Process Modeling Notation) standard.  •Developed process models for client review.  •Performed design reviews across company and collected enterprise architecture performance metrics to assure continuous improvement.    Skills Used:  -Experience with Navy, Chief of Naval Personnel   -Knowledge of MILPAY processes   BPMN 2.0 (Business Process Modeling Notation) Certified 2014  - Reviewed processes models based on clients needs to ensure BMPN standards  SA (Systems Architect)  - Managed specific encyclopedias and developed process models, ran reports, extracts/imports and prints/PDFs.  DoDAF 2.0 training 2013 Junior Project and Process Re-engineering Analysis Enterprise Resource Performance Inc. subcontractor to Booz Allen at Department of Veterans Affairs - Washington, DC July 2012 to September 2013 : Manage and direct governance processes to ensure all process meet the requirements of the project managers and senior leaders.  Accomplishments:  • Utilizing Visio: Established process for VACO SRG (Veteran Affairs Central Office Senior Review Group) meeting with identified each office role and responsibility and artifacts.  • Refined and implemented Quad Chart that displayed all In Progress Reviews (IPR) which provided each SES (Senior Executive Service) a simple, concise, and consistent view of all Directive major activities showing each office requirement and performance.  • Utilizing Microsoft Project: Created quarterly and semi-annual schedule template to capture ongoing and upcoming Senior Executives activities.  Duties  • Accountable for management and coordination of Senior Executive Service four-six month calendar to manager SRG (Senior Review Group), SMC (Strategic Management Council) and VAEB (Veterans Affairs Executive Board) meetings.  • Attend all high-level VAKMS (Veteran Affairs Knowledge Management System) meetings, build presentation books, develop and publish meeting minutes and accountable for researching respond to any outstanding action items resulting from the meeting and send to VACO SRG member and all participants within 24 hours of each meeting.  • Review and upload all finalized SRG material to the OPP Share Point Site  • Accountable and primary Subject Matter Expert in the re-design, view, and effectiveness of the VAKMS SYNC MATRIX.  • Accountable for conference room reservations, meeting contact protocol/announcements and audio visual support.  • Complete ELB (Executive Leadership Board) and MPR (Monthly Performance Review) calendars for senior leadership weekly and monthly meetings.  • Performs research using automated information, databases, directories or other sources in order to extract, summarize and compile information relating all VACO SRG members.  • Accountable for receiving and reviews all incoming documents for completeness and coordinating and tracking action. Ensure all incoming documents (via e-mail and hard copy) are stored in the perspective SharePoint folder in accordance with directive guidance/procedures.  • Respond to customer inquiries and complaints providing general information and assistance relating to office function, established procedures, etc  • Accountable for reviewing and senior level approval prior to submission in the automated time and attendance systems. Acacia Federal Saving Bank - Lead Project Data Analyst Northern Virginia Temporary Staffing Agency - Falls Church, VA October 2011 to July 2012 Falls Church, VA: 10/2011 - 07/ 2012  Collected, interpreted and validated and managed data devised metrics and analyzed trends. Identified potential technical and management problems, drew conclusions and devised solutions.    Acacia Federal Saving Bank - Lead Project Data Analyst:  Managed a 15 member data audit team applied defect prevention principles and root cause problem resolution techniques to ensure superior accountability of records; implemented and deployed corrective action to better assist the technical audit team.  Accomplishments:  • Processed 700 plus mortgage files (a single file could consist of 200 plus pages), scanned paper document, microfilm, microfiche, and other media; selected and verifies 120 data fields from mortgage package to be entered in financial systems; prepared documents to be archived and sent to storage facility.  • Audited 250 documents ensuring quality control procedures and process were consistence with company policy for producing digital files in specified format.  • Inspection daily 14 variation of automated equipment ensuring operational readiness and supplies on hand.  • Trained 9 new employees relating to security protocols inspect and enforce policies and procedures, security and storage of mortgage files.  • Accountable for ensuring all deliverables and reporting requirements are met, lead team meeting, prepared weekly status reports and reported directly to senior management staff. Education Master of Science in Systems Management National Graduate School 2011 Bachelor of Science in Communications-Event Management Shepherd University - Shepherdstown, WV 2009 Skills o Computer Proficiencies: Windows 10, MS Excel, MS Word, MS Access, MS PowerPoint, Visio, SharePoint, (LSS) Lean Six Sigma Green Belt Certification, (BPMN) Business Process Modeling Certification, IMB Rational System Architect Fundamentals Certification, ITIL Fundamentals Certification, Business Process Reengineering (BPR), DoDAF 2.02, FEAF, TOGAF, BEA 11, National Information Exchange Model (NIEM) (7 years)