IT Professional <span class="hl">IT</span> Professional member The Woodlands, TX Work Experience IT Professional KPS Global LLC - Conroe, TX March 2019 to July 2019 Managed the maintenance and troubleshooting of end user devices for all clients; installed a variety of hardware solutions for recurring clients and one-time customers  ?       Led helpdesk support team; prioritized maintenance tasks and managed triage of urgent or critical IT tasks  ?       Responsible for routine end-user support such as computer maintenance and updates.  ?       Performed daily helpdesk support functions and routine end-user troubleshooting and support.  ?       Executed time-sensitive security maintenance, backups, diagnostics and malware detection/removal.  ?       Installed hardware such as security cameras, switches, access points, wireless bridges, and NVR/DVRs  ?       Ran cable for hardware installations. IT Professional Chevron / U.S. Computers - Houston, TX November 2017 to November 2018 Software Application: MS Office, PuTTY, Rufus, VMware, vCenter, vSphere  As a member of the Upstream Capabilities Drilling and Completions Well Operations IT, was responsible for supporting and maintaining network and end-user functionality for pilot communications platform  ? Assisted and led the buildout of 8 proprietary portable network and communications relays.  ? Responsible for cable management and cable termination for 10 network and server locations.  ? Deployed end-user equipment and wireless mesh components configured to maximize efficiency of 8 portable network and communications relays.  ? Assisted with 24-hour support of end-users of as many as 15 network and communication relays.  ? Deployed, configured, upgraded, and maintained 4 local test environment servers.  ? Responsible for license management and support for multiple application suites and dozens of end-users.  ? Assisted in geophysical application installations for end-users. Technical Writer II Chevron / U.S. Computers - Houston, TX February 2017 to November 2017 Software Application: MS Word  Charged with the proofreading, editing and design of technical documentation.  ? Consulted with subject matter experts regarding the purpose, audience, and specifications required for each document  ? Responsible for the visual clarity and layout of documentation  ? Proofread and corrected text to ensure grammatical correctness and a professional voice  ? Edited content to ensure technical accuracy and understandability Project Manager MLA Labs Incorporated - Austin, TX June 2016 to October 2017 Software Application: MS Word, MS Excel, MS Access, Global Mapper, gINT, AutoCAD  Managed workflow and coordinated between multiple departments involved in intake, project scope and invoicing; scheduling and drilling; laboratory testing; and the compiling of geotechnical reports.  ? Monitored and coordinated with client management, drilling management, and laboratory management to ensure geotech projects were created, executed and delivered in a timely manner  ? Interpreted geology and soil properties of field samples to create geological logs  ? Assigned and coordinated with geotechnical lab in order to insure high quality representative results  ? Compiled and analyzed raw lab data  ? Studied local geology, geologic features and common soil profiles  ? Consulted with professional engineers in the writing of geotechnical reports designed to explain site features, geology, topography, soil properties and foundation construction recommendations Data Quality Analyst Chevron / U.S. Computers - Houston, TX October 2012 to February 2016 Software Application: MS Access, Oracle Database, MS Visio, SQL, Logmart, LAS 2.0/3.0, Remedy  Responsible for implementation, documentation and improvement of Well Log Loading Workflow Process.  ? Created, updated and maintained documentation for data quality processes and workflows  ? Trained employees and contractors on data quality management processes  ? Collaborated with subject matter experts to improve Well Log Loading Process and ensure Data Quality  ? Identified and corrected data quality issues in Oracle Databases  ? Quality checked metadata and loaded Well Log data files to a central data repository  ? Participated as Resource Liaison between 3rd Party and Chevron during a large-scale data migration project Education Bachelor of Arts in English University of Houston - Houston, TX August 2014 Associates of Arts Degree Lone Star Community College - The Woodlands, TX June 2006 Skills Vmware, System Administrator, System Admin Certifications/Licenses Driver's License