Senior IT Project Coordinator Senior <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> Coordinator Senior IT Project Coordinator - Eyecare Services Partners Richardson, TX Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior IT Project Coordinator THE INTERSECT GROUP - Dallas, TX March 2018 to Present Execute project plans from start to finish to ensure that the different components of a project remain interlinked. Focus on the component relations to achieve the set goals and objectives.  ? Lead teams and ensure that the group has the correct procedure of activities through guidance and streamlining of responsibilities.  ? Dedicated multitasker handling multiple IT projects at one time. At any given time handling anywhere from 15-20 or more projects at one time as this is an extremely fast paced work environment using the Agile/Scrum methodology.  ? As part of the integration team we implemented a new format in ACE; a cloud based software to improve tracking projects as a whole.  ? Communication, organizational and time management skills, used daily to ensure complete transparency of internal process.  ? Weekly management status updates to executives and IT leadership to ensure transparency in all projects, as well as daily stand-ups with IT team. Agile Scrum Master/ Project Manager WOUNDED VETERANS RELIEF FUND - Dallas, TX May 2017 to January 2018 Acted as Scrum Master with a focus on guiding the team towards improving the way they work.  ? Built and maintained a productive working relationship with the PO and stakeholders.  ? Assisted team to remove impediments by understanding the control and release processes.  ? Assisted with internal and external communication, improved transparency, and radiated information.  ? Provided all support to the team using a servant leadership style and led by example.  ? Tracked progress using the burn down chart and effectively communicated team's velocity and sprint then release to all teams and management.  ? Facilitated getting the work done without coercion, assigning, or dictating the work.  ? Facilitated daily stand ups, sprint planning, and retrospective.  ? Updated Agile tracking systems to provide transparency on product and sprint backlogs as well as delivery. Business Operations Manager INSIGHT GLOBAL - Grapevine, TX January 2017 to April 2017 Worked side-by-side with the CEO and ensured a positive company culture.  ? Developed and managed contracting teams for multi-party projects.  ? Recruited and hired a project manager and implementation team to design new software and implement newly purchased software.  ? Collaborated with senior engineers and executive management for status updates.    ? Identified and managed risks, issues, and dependencies.    ? Played a key role in updating the HR manual and implemented new policies. Director THE LITTLE GYM INTERNATIONAL - Plano, TX July 2015 to May 2016 Performed break down projections of company goals, trend prediction, and projection.  ? Generated and measured all sales promotions and monthly sales contests for the location.  ? Worked with the VP of Operations to sustain and expand programs and service.  ? Tracked all aspects of the new hire process including staffing and metrics reports.  ? Managed day to day operations and coordinated daily activities.  ? Analyzed data and prepared reports on KPI's. Regional Ops Manager/ Project Coordinator DEPIL BRAZIL - Plano, TX March 2013 to April 2014 Analyzed, structured, and maintained monthly P&L reports for multiple locations.  ? Handled monthly and quarterly forecasting reports, cash flow income, and expenses.  ? Designed and developed a user friendly guide on how to use company Software.  ? Conducted comprehensive analyses of Cost Estimate Proposal in order to accurately monitor relevant lines tracking back to project budget with implementation of money-savings methods.  ? Created and implemented new policies and procedures to improve the efficiency and operations of the Company as well as prepared and managed annual budgets.  ? Acted as a liaison between all departments and personnel.  ? Effectively recruited, hired, trained, and coached managers and team members.  ? Held the highest employee retention percentage of any team within the Company.  ? Managed successful business relationships with peers, contractors, and associates.  ? Increased revenue by $100K in a six-month timeframe by implementing new procedures. Operations Manager EUROPEAN WAX CENTER - Dallas, TX October 2012 to February 2014 Maintained detailed financial analysis via ledgers and budgeting.  ? Executed creative marketing campaigns via website, distribution of materials, and mailing campaigns.  ? Responsible for acquiring, maintaining, and managing new inventory.  ? Served in an HR capacity to recruit and train new personnel. Product leader/ Operations Manager ZARA INDITEX - Chicago, IL October 2009 to June 2012 Worked alongside the Store manager in managing all areas of daily operations.  ? Lived and breathed practicing the business model of agility and flexibility.  ? Co-operated with the Stockroom Manager to ensure orders & deliveries run smoothly.  ? Used a "pull model" to avoid over producing, the Kanban system allowed us to order in small batches with clockwork precision twice a week to match the pace of customer demand.  ? Focused on a lean supply chain while eliminating waste.  ? Market analysis; including customer acceptance & proposal improvements.  ? Handled daily tasks and met tight deadlines consistently.  ? Handled budgets, sales, hours and goal allocations.  ? Daily communication with our corporate office to ensure feedback is received.  ? Ensured that the highest level of customer service is provided.  ? Implemented all company directives and programs for visual merchandising.  ? Communicate and successfully promoted programs aimed at increasing revenue and business. Education Bachelor's Skills CONFLICT MANAGEMENT, PROJECT MANAGEMENT, BUSINESS CONSULTING, MS OFFICE, SATISFACTION Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/emma-elkaichi-08ab545 Certifications/Licenses Certified Scrum Master Agile/ Scrum Master Certified Additional Information KEY SKILLS  Agile/Scrum  Team Leadership  Detail-Oriented  Employee Retention  Vendor Relations  Client Relations  Process Analysis  Process Improvement  Policies & Procedures  Budgetary Oversight  Analytical Acumen  Interpersonal Skills  Communication  Delegation  Team-Oriented  Organization  Detail-Oriented  Issue Resolution  Conflict Management  MS Office Suite  Fluent in French, Arabic    Areas of Impact  Scrum Master and Project Management  ? Completed extensive training in Agile, and is a Certified Scrum Master.  ? Dedicated to the Scrum values of Focus, Courage, Openness, Commitment, and Respect.  ? Demonstrated ability to lead project teams in efficient and on-time projects.  ? Promotes effective interaction between team members to deliver business value.  Management and Business Consulting  ? Provide inspirational leadership and a positive and productive working environment  ? Proactively seek opportunities for improvement through coaching and mentoring  ? An energetic motivator who leads by example, well respected for decisive action  ? Excellent delegation skills, clear sense of focus, structure, and discipline  Customer Focus  ? Acts with integrity in customer interactions, thereby ensuring the highest satisfaction  ? Establishes and nurtures business relationships with internal and external customers  ? Works closely with customers to assess needs and provide appropriate solutions  ? Handles all customer issues promptly and provides effective resolution