Technical Project Manager Technical <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Technical Project Manager Bellevue, WA Detail-oriented, creative, and savvy technical professional seeking a position in the tech industry utilizing project management, program management, software engineering, and/or QA/software testing skills. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Technical Project Manager Aptly Technologies - Redmond, WA January 2019 to April 2019 As a vendor working with Microsoft, led a team of software developers on a program to create and manage an internal HR- and staffing- related tool. Tool was developed using PowerBI. Collaborated with business managers, technical managers, and business admins to gather requirements; develop in an agile fashion using Scrum; and provide support for the tool.  Technical Project Manager Microsoft via Aptly Technologies IT Project Coordinator Kirlin Group - Rockville, MD June 2017 to October 2018 As new role as sole IT project manager in company without existing PMO or documented PM practices, designed and implemented all new PPM practices for IT Department. Managed 20+ projects including data migration to cloud using Microsoft Azure and OneDrive for Business. Pushed department and business-wide adoption of agile project management practices. IT Project Manager I Randstad - Bethesda, MD January 2016 to April 2017 As a contractor working with the international food & beverage corporation HMSHost, managed project communications, scheduling, and stakeholder/vendor relationships for major infrastructure and applications projects. Key projects included release of a new Windows security patch and application upgrade package to all company PCs, and deployment of a new standardized VoIP phone system to 180 remote branches across the US and Canada. English Teacher (ESL) Hess International Educational Organization - New Taipei July 2012 to October 2015 Taught English as a Second Language (ESL) classes to students of a variety of ages and skill levels. Planned daily lessons and worked with local Taiwanese staff to plan and coordinate school and nation-wide English learning events. Worked as one of few of Americans in an international (Taiwanese-run) business. Research and Development Intern Elster Metering - Shanghai June 2010 to July 2010 As an intern in the technology research and development department, researched product information relevant to new metering technology development. Provided administrative support and assisted local employees with English skills. Education Bachelor's in Mandarin Chinese, Computer Science (Minor) Lehigh University - Bethlehem, PA August 2008 to May 2012 Skills Information Technology, Scrum (2 years), Agile (2 years), Program Management (2 years), Project Management (3 years), Project Coordination (3 years), HTML (1 year), CSS (2 years), Javascript (2 years), Management (2 years), It Project Management (3 years), JIRA (2 years), Service Desk (3 years), Technical Support (3 years), Software Development (3 years), PMP (1 year), Network Security (3 years), Network Administration (2 years), PMI-ACP (1 year), Jira Service Desk (2 years), Desktop Support (3 years), ITIL (3 years), It Service Management (3 years), Power BI (2 years), Testing (3 years), Microsoft Project (3 years), Estimating (2 years), QA (3 years) Certifications/Licenses PMP PMI-ACP ITIL v3 Security+ A+ Certified CCENT