Sales Engineering Project Manager Sales Engineering <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Sales Engineering Project Manager - TechLink Services Kansas City, MO Work Experience Sales Engineering Project Manager TechLink Services November 2018 to Present • New Client Onboarding  • Price Verification  • Quote building  • Training material creation  • General document creation  ? Pricing  ? Manuals  ? Client Overview  ? New Client Packet Project Manager Skinny IT March 2017 to September 2018 Responsible for being the Voice of the Client  ? Manage all aspects of multi-site installation  ? Coordinate between Clients, Field Services and parts acquisition  ? Establish and maintain positive Client relationships  ? Find solutions for various types of industries  ? Build processes & reports tailored to each Clients needs  ? Focus in Restaurant Technology & POS Systems  ? Analyze outcomes of various Projects and apply the lessons learned to improve processes & documentation for new Projects I.T. Technician Missouri Jack LLC February 2016 to February 2017 Responsible for maintaining and repairing hardware essential to the operation of each restaurant.  ? Installing security camera systems  ? Running diagnostics & repairing all restaurant systems  ? Installing and maintaining battery backup systems in each restaurant  ? Training store Management on use of new equipment Load Planner/Gate Clerk Rail Logistics August 2015 to February 2016 Responsible for catching any and all damage to containers coming into the facility  ? Networking with Norfolk Southern representatives and trucking companies to move freight efficiently  ? Separating priority from non-priority units and ensuring all essential freight is loaded correctly and in a timely manner  ? General record keeping for each day using Microsoft Word and Excel Restaurant Manager Missouri Jack LLC July 2011 to June 2015 Responsible for all scheduling, ordering hiring, and firing of personnel  ? Ensuring all employees are developed and trained properly to ensure maximum efficiency  ? Taking full inventory once a week for food cost and ordering purposes  ? Training and Developing Managers  ? Worked with the Training Team to develop processes still used in the company.  ? Had over 70 employees reporting directly to me  Skills:  ? Self-Motivated individual with a strong drive for improvement  ? Always willing to try something new, volunteered on multiple occasions to test new processes and policies for the betterment of the company.  ? Was the youngest Restaurant Manager for Jack in the Box in the St Louis market because of my strong communication and leadership skills  ? Able to process large quantities of information quickly  ? Efficient multi tasker and prioritizer  ? Proficient at time management  ? Exceptional interpersonal communication  ? Great customer service skills, able to build rapport with customers very quickly Lifegaurd Pro Pool Management - St. Louis, MO 2010 to 2012 Subdivision Pool Lifeguard, typical routine, back washing vacuuming and testing chemical levels. Was Red Cross certified and had no problems performing any duties of the job. Education High school or equivalent Assessments Project Management Skills: Time Management — Proficient July 2019 Prioritizing and allocating time to effectively achieve project deliverables. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/jmwako3dvbhwwpa Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.