Director, IT PMO Operations Director, <span class="hl">IT</span> PMO Operations Sarasota, FL Process Improvement Specialist who drives process improvements for transitions, migrations and the delivery of enterprise projects on-time and on-budget. Provides strategic leadership, tactical planning, development and evaluation of information technology and communication programs. Experienced in the development of Compliance Programs to comply with government regulations. Natural leader in process enforcement, process re-engineering, process improvement and process development to expand organizational efficiencies. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Director, IT PMO Operations The Hertz Corporation March 2017 to Present • Design, build, lead, manage, monitor, and consistently pro-actively work to evolve a corporate IT Project Management Office (PMO) organization  • Act as the corporate IT Project Management Office (PMO) organizational leader and executive "face" to the entire organization for all PMO needs, initiatives, and issues  • Executive and organizational PMO leadership of corporate PMO strategy, vision, initiatives, and tactical activities focused on continuous improvement and enhancement of organizational and departmental performance excellence, operational excellence  • Establish the onboarding, mentoring, and coaching for the teams responsible for project management processes and portfolio reporting to ensure optimized delivery of the company's annual goals  • Establish and maintain a project management framework and methodology for managing all IT projects Manager, Governance & Process Improvement The Hertz Corporation March 2017 to December 2017 • Lead all activities related to the building, testing, and implementation of the SharePoint management tool used globally for Hertz IT projects  • Monitor, manage, and provide leadership of all corporate organizational IT PMO compliance, governance, required artifacts and approvals, etc.  • Monitor the adherence to our implementation methodology and the focus on results in terms of quality, timeliness and employee satisfaction Sr. Project Manager Bottomline Technologies May 2014 to March 2017 • Provided enterprise-wide project management guidelines, standards, tools, methodologies, and reports. Defined and enforced processes on how projects are managed at Bottomline Technologies.  • Built a culture of continuous process improvement with developing a strategy that involves measuring, improving and changing techniques, mindset and behavior.  • Responsible for managing all aspects of multiple simultaneous software implementations with engineers ranging in skillset across various platforms and ERP systems on cloud based and on premise environments (40+ different product types, 12 combined implementation consultants and support leads)  • Implement and enforce policies related to process delivery, contract language, rate pricing, negotiation strategy, planning and execution, budgeting, revenue reconciliation, and relationship management.  • Developed and documented new processes and procedures to make customer implementations faster with higher quality. Lead efforts to simplify, standardize and automate IT processes including, project management, systems development, quality assurance, continuous improvement, and metrics reporting.  • Assists operational management is scheduling tasks and then measuring actual performance against the plan. VOLUNTEER EFFORTS Sierra Club 2017 to 2017 Global PMO Manager AVI-SPL January 2010 to July 2013 • Executed the largest multimillion-dollar ($30,000,000+) company project managing 10 sites nationally, overseeing development, implementation, procurement, and commissioning of over 1300 "state of the art" audio/visual classrooms.  • Implemented a PMO for international projects and acted as an escalation point for all national offices and international subcontractors.  • Analyzed organizational structure to identify opportunities and made recommendations to leadership in alignment with the overall strategic plan.  • Establish and maintain repository of key performance indicators and metrics reporting. Identify, prioritize, and recommended high impact opportunities for process improvement.  • Update continuous improvement initiatives and progress against baseline, benchmarks and leading service management.  • Solely developed and enforced workflow for scoping, new project requests, execution and close out. Worked with key players in accounting, legal, tax, finance, human resources and IT to implement and enforce these new processes to be compliant with activities related to international business. VP of Technology and Communications Central Florida 2009 to 2010 • Provided tools, methods, standards, and reports that provided the organization with the ability to measure and improve execution in terms of quality, speed, reliability, performance and outcomes.  • Facilitated definition and implementation of group standards. Promoted standards, guidelines, methods, governing mechanisms, key processes, controls, and supporting tools.  • Identified, implemented, and supported effective and efficient technology solutions for the organization.  • Provided strategic leadership and tactical planning, development and evaluation of information technology and communications growing the division by recruiting directors to support my vision. Upgraded the chapter site to DotNetNuke CMS Education Associates of Arts Seminole State College January 2016 Business University of South Florida July 2011 Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/kristapizzurro