IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager Grandview, MO Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager DST Systems - Kansas City, MO May 2016 to June 2018 • Managed the software upgrade of the Softphone system for our client call center WFM software. Managed Vendor personnel with DST voice services to upgrade to the new work force management software. Managed the building of new servers, creation of new databases and network resources to ensure correct connectivity to all call center sites.  • Managed Realty Program for multiple DST managed offices nationwide. Worked with the realty team to acquire new office locations. Also managed office consolidations, moves, closures, building closure sales, along with design and implementation of Security Operations Center.  • Managed DST's Router End of Life project. 168 Routers were replaced through coordination with DST Finance clients and DST's Network Administrators. Managed vendors to ensure timely delivery of new routers. Managed the shipping, scheduling and ultimate cut over of New Routers from Old Routers.  • Managed the Circuit upgrade project for client side circuits to move from DS3 technology to Ethernet technology. This initiative saved DST Systems, INC over $100,000 per year in connectivity costs. Project included Finance Clients of DST Systems, INC.  • Managed the Circuit Migration Project changing carriers. Managed Network resources while working with the representatives from the new carrier to ensure the process flowed smoothly and risk free. Identified and resolved risks and issues in a timely manner.  • Managed new acquisition installation of voice software on servers and desktop systems.  • Managed the migration of new or existing Finance clients to the company DPC network using the VBlock technology. Project Manager/Administrator DST Systems - Kansas City, MO May 2015 to May 2016 • Managed the Technical Refresh of client's network equipment. Coordinated with clients the shipping, scheduling and ultimate cut over of New Routers from Old Routers. Verified inventory was in stock and ready for client distribution.  • Coordinated efforts in writing, editing and maintaining the PMO Handbook. Managed members of the committee to develop a process flow and ensured proper documentation within the playbook. Edited and designed the playbook into a cohesive document ensuring ease of use and understanding.  • Worked with the PMO Manager to develop and maintain weekly status reports. Also developed and maintained reporting documents regarding health of PMO Projects assigned and the upcoming work flow Project Manager YOH CONTRACT SERVICES - Overland Park, KS May 2013 to July 2014 Coordinated e911 Vision Project for Sprint. Defined project deliverables and monitored status of tasks. Designed reporting spread sheet in Excel. Drafted action plans and led meetings with department executives reviewing project status and proposed changes. Delivered status reports to stakeholders for budgeting and planning purposes. Collaborated with cross-functional teams to draft plans and project schedules. Monitored costs, timescales and resources used to achieve launch deadline. Monitored team progress and enforced deadlines. Served as the single point of contact for project scheduling and changes. Education Bachelors in Communications and Network Management DeVry University December 2012 MBA in Project Management Keller Graduate School of Management Skills SDLC, Waterfall, PM, Project Management, Information Technology, Scrum Master, CSM Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/keithjex Certifications/Licenses Yellow Belt Process Improvement- September 2016 to Present Six Sigma Process Improvement Program Additional Information Passionate and knowledgeable project manager with 4 plus years of project management experience leading Information Technology design and upgrades throughout the entire enterprise. Accomplished in the coordination of internal and external resources and third party vendors to guarantee on time execution of assigned projects.  • Project Management  • Change and risk Management  • Incident and Issue Management  • Business analysis  • SDLC knowledge  • Yellow belt Process Improvement  • Process Improvement  • Requirements gathering  • Vendor Management  • Agile and Waterfall  • Scrum Knowledge  • Kan Ban Knowledge  • MS Project, Jira and CA PPM  • Microsoft Office suit -Word, Excel, Power point.    • Adept in supporting multiple projects within the enterprise infrastructure. Ability to recognize cross- project needs and impacts using critical thinking skills and expertise.    • Skilled in the communication of needed tasks to ensure a successful project completion and acceptance by Project Executives.    • Proven ability to implement third party Call Management Software to call center locations throughout the country, ensuring established security is in place.    • Skilled in determining the project scope and communicating to the project team to develop the task list and schedule to ensure the on time and on budget performance of the project.    • Received management praise for the ability to manage the team and maintain the cohesive atmosphere of the team.