Independent Contractor IT Field Techician Independent Contractor <span class="hl">IT</span> Field Techician IT Technology Specialist Jacksonville, FL To utilize my skills, knowledge, and specialized areas of study to advance my referrals and business contacts within the community. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Independent Contractor IT Field Techician Field Nation - Jacksonville, FL 2015 to Present Responsibilities  I work freelance helping with different IT project in Florida and Lower parts of Georgia. I have done many different project from installing new computers and setting up the networks, TCP/IP, SMTP/POP, DNS, Remote Desk top with programs like TeamViewer or Putty, Help Desk Remote Support and Break/Fix IT Network Field PC Repair Technician. Custom scan to email or scan to network folders for networked Copiers/Print/Scanner. I also have a toner, cable tester and Butt Set for testing phone lines at 66 blocks, running CAT 5e network cables to the patch panel, installing the jacks for data and voice. Then test the system with Tech Support with Remote access, checking POS systems are running properly with Help Desk while on site, take pictures of equipment installed, labeling and wired terminations, have Work Orders signed by onsite management, description of work completed with old and new serial numbers, plus drop off parts or equipment using return shipping label provided; then upload pictures and documents through Field Nation App. I can work independently or with a team and I have lived and traveled all over Florida and Georgia. I have over15 year experience as an electrician and I can work on low voltage or high voltage systems using 120V single phase to 480V 3 phase system, industrial, commercial and residential.    Accomplishments  I have helped many companies with their different needs and I insured that the work was done professional. I have held several lead and supervisor positions in the past and I am very detail oriented. Can help projects get taken care of for companies out of state through Email, Apps or Text/Calls. I enjoy traveling to new places and helping out where I can.    Skills Used  IT Technology   Network Cabling Specialist   Electrical Supervisor   Daily Work Orders per project completed  Work Mobile, Smart Phone, Laptop, Tools and Materials if needed  Project work logs, emails and connect with each client to check in/out of jobsites as Remote Technician web interface or cellular App services.  Work with Tech support for the job at hand to provide IT Field Technical support   NEC and State building codes required to pass Electrical Inspection Retail Support Associate BTG - Jacksonville, FL November 2018 to January 2019 Able to use ServiceNow ticketing system to track Level 2 tickets submitted on a daily bases for repairs on Bizerba scales and POS equipment.    Able to resolve software issues remotely through Citrix VNC and ePlum plateforms for troubleshooting system configuration issues.    Able to contact store locations for departments that have submitted trouble calls over the phone to verify details and dispatch Bizerba technicians for onsite repairs.    Able to close Service Now ticket once Field Technicians had submitted email details of repairs and services provided.    Able to troubleshoot equipment and network problems over the phone and talk end users through troubleshooting steps to determine next course of action.    Able to contact Back Office Team - NETOPS to help resolve site network configuration problems.    Able to email Back Office and Applications Support teams to help resovle programming issues at each store location.    Able to contact City Maintenance support personal to troubleshoot network system equipment, cabling and power outlet issues at each stores location. Implementations Project Technician Modis IT & Engineering - Jacksonville, FL July 2018 to September 2018 Able to answer phone calls from technicians working in the field on new digital signage installations inside car dealership from across the United States.    Able to review documentation attached to Jira project work sheets for IWO TV panel picture location, network configuration settings, and update notes or review other entries left from company personnel involved with the sell, project coordination or network and CDW supplied equipment.     Able to use Smart Sheets to verify pictures and assigned dealership timelines for site surveys and installation dates.    Able to troubleshoot network connectivity issues with Media Players using Scala, Team-Viewer or Solar Winds.    Able to attend daily project review meetings to report on timelines and project management details.    Able to work across multiple platforms at the same time to insure proper communication of project details through email and comments to Jira & Smart Sheet for team member updates.     Able to remote access network devices through Team-Viewer or Solar Winds for routers and media players to configure network IP addresses and scrips are set to network engineering standards. Help Desk Technician II Insight Global - Jacksonville, FL March 2017 to September 2017 Able to answer phone calls using Soft-phone program and enter tickets in Remedy software ticketing system for direct team support groups, escalation and expediting of existing tickets.    Able to troubleshot computer, Cisco and Avaya phone systems, tablets, mobile smart phone systems and application installations.     Able to uses remote access programs to support break/fix and script troubleshooting with Dameware and i8 remote access software.    Able to explain through detailed communication to associates troubleshooting over the phone for end user support on Windows connectivity issues for VPN and Remote PC access within the Business network.    Able to troubleshot the installation of new Bitlocker Recovery keys for Window OS support on laptops and desktop computers.    Able to create Outlook personal folders for data pst files on computer C drives and server H drive locations.    Able to move data files to back up server locations for migration of hardware upgrades within the business network.     Able to obtain high level security clearance for access to Government and High Level Business environment to work on various projects. Electrical Instructor - Adjunct Florida State College at Jacksonville - Jacksonville, FL January 2015 to March 2015 Responsibilities  I was responsible for developing the lesson plan for an 8 week AC Theory class.    The class schedule was M, T, W, and TH; 12:30 - 5:30 pm at the Downtown Campus.    I was responsible for creating Quizzes for each Chapter, a Mid-Term, and Final Exam.    Accomplishments  I was able to teach students about resistance, inductors, and capacitors, and I taught the students single phase transformers and single phase motors.    The students learned Ohms Law, electrical safety, and OSHA regulations.    I taught the students series and parallel AC circuits with resistors, inductors and capacitors in combinations and grouped together as individual circuits.    Skills Used  I am able to explain Electrical theory, Ohms Law, resistance, capacitance, and inductance for series and parallel AC and DC circuits.  I am able to train and explain Electrical Safety and OSHA guidelines.  I am able to use Power Point and Overhead projectors as a teaching aid.  I am able to coordinate with management to take students to special events on campus.  I am able to explain NEC requirements and guidelines.  I am able to develop Mid-Term and Final Exams Lead Assistant Store Sales Manager Kangaroo Express, Pantry Co - Jacksonville, FL May 2011 to April 2013 Able to manage opening paper work for PDI, EBT, vender invoices, Lottery invoices, and balance money from the safe; and handle cash deposits to the bank, place weekly orders, make weekly schedules and coordinate with the manager for training of new employees.    • Able to help customers with purchases of store items, gas pumps, lottery tickets, money orders, phone cards, promotion of upselling products and discounted items.    • Able to fill out daily PDF computer shift logs, restock store items on all shifts, and clean the store. Able to restock items for the grill and coffee bar, work all shifts, replace signs inside and outside of the store per price updates and plan-o-gram, and check current dates on food inventory throughout the store.    • Building maintenance including plumbing, electrical, carpenter, painting and drywall repair, tile and grout repair, HVAC filters, and lighting lamps. Internship Baptist Medical Center February 2011 to March 2011 Advanced computer knowledge, medical terminology, electronics, mechanical, electro- mechanical methods, and knowledge of clinical applications of common medical equipment, and replacement of battery packs and UPS's.  ? Able to identify and understand the basic operating principles of standard analog circuits, electro-mechanical components, and major circuit components.  ? Able to successfully identify and order proper replacement components from OEM or third party devices.  ? Demonstrate the ability to accurately acquire basic competency on new technologies, and makes of equipment through self-study of manufacturer's documentation and other sources.  ? Routinely exercised logical, progressive trouble shooting techniques at both the systems and component levels.  ? I worked alongside the Bio Medical Engineering Technicians on hospital equipment ranging from: Alaris Infusion Pumps, MRI Infusion Pumps, Invivo-Precess Physiological Monitors, MapQuet Ventilators, Bi-Pap and C-Pap Ventilators, Fresenius 2008K Dialysis equipment, GE Fetal Heart Monitors, Valley Lab: Force 2 Electrosurgical Generators, GE Omini Beds, Dinamap Physiological Monitors; Zeiss, Carl Pentro Surgical Microscope, Analogic Corp. CAT Scan Machine, and much more. Education AS in Biomedical Engineering Florida State College of Jacksonville - Jacksonville, FL 2009 to 2011 Skills Microsoft Office Suites (10+ years), TCP/IP (5 years), SMTP (5 years), DNS (5 years), Network Management (5 years), Software Installation and Updates (5 years), Copier, Scan and Print Troubleshooting (5 years), Remote Dispatch Techician (3 years), IT Troubleshooting (5 years), Remote Help Desk with Dameware and i8. (2 years), VPN (5 years), Remedy (Less than 1 year) Certifications/Licenses Network Cabling Specialist - Lucent Technologies Present Network cabling installation, termination and testing for CAT 5e and CAT 6 cables. Fiber Optic Specialist - Lucent Technologies Present Fiber Optic cabling, termination (puck & polish) and testing. Sharp Gold Level Copier Technician Present Gold level training for Sharp copiers, interface through Web access to set copier network configurations, DNS, DHCP, TCP/IP, POP/SMTP, Address Book: scan to network folders and scan to email, and Simulation & Calibrations for the copier settings. Additional Information Skills    MS Office Suite  Windows XP and  Vista  Windows 10    Hardware and Software Troubleshooting and Installation