Senior Global IT Infrastructure PM – Golden Technology, Inc. Consultant Senior Global <span class="hl">IT</span> Infrastructure PM – Golden Technology, Inc. Consultant IT Project Manager/Scrum Master Cordova, TN Agile & Waterfall Project Mgt., SQL DB Development, IT Risk, Architectural & Capacity Planning, Software Development, Strategic IT Planning, Budgets, Cost Control & Vendor Mgt.    Successful management of engineering teams with different organizations for over 20 years. Enhanced performance and productivity by aligning technology and business objectives to create value and growth opportunities. Created and executed breakthrough IT solutions in highly competitive manufacturing and operational settings. Skilled in working across large number of IT and engineering disciplines in small and large firms.    *Provided Business Intelligence leadership in IT for ServiceMaster and American Home Shield with the development of custom BI databases using localized and cloud technology.  *Provided Enterprise Architectural and Capacity Planning for IT design projects for various IT Departments at FedEx, included new development projects along with Information Security and network engineering refreshes and new deployments.  *Managed infrastructure projects for ServiceMaster, 18 of which were PCI ROC projects.   *Managed a program that coordinated IT resolutions to OCC MRA compliance issues for 1st TN Bank.  *Developed a program to resolve single point of failure and end of life server issues at 1st TN Bank.  *Coordinated & developed a program of IT audits to insure First Tennessee Bank proactively remained in compliance with SOX and the OCC.     Key Competencies: 20 years of experience with building & leading multi-discipline IT and engineering teams. Translating business needs into IT solutions, by establishing standards and using best practices. Formulating and directing IT vision and strategy. Creating cost effective solutions to complex technical issues.     Technical Proficiencies: Authored numerous standards and best practice documents by using the COBIT framework, ITIL and ISO 17799(27002) for different IT systems, including UNIX, AS400, MS, DB2, and SQL. Past membership of Local & National PMI, TOGAF and MS TechNet. Used PMBOK, SDLC, Iterative, Waterfall, Kanban, SAFe and Agile disciplines to manage highly visible software development and IT infrastructure projects. Experienced with project and program planning including acquisitions, divestitures, regulatory reporting, IT Risk and system integrations. Provided management for software development, custom database development and vendor management for AS400/iSeries; LMS/PMS hospitality systems, CRM, UNIX and Microsoft systems. Have used Jira, Innotas and MS Project to track project and program progress. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior Global IT Infrastructure PM – Golden Technology, Inc. Consultant Smith and Nephew, Inc. - Memphis, TN October 2018 to May 2019 Senior Global IT Infrastructure PM – Golden Technology, Inc. Consultant, Smith and Nephew, Inc., Memphis, TN (October 15, 2018 to May 1, 2019). Provided leadership on Global IT projects including Infrastructure and Information Security Systems in datacenters for Singapore, Amsterdam and the U.S. Project Management was provided for each deployment.    *Provided leadership for a global SD-WAN deployment for remote sites in China and the 4 Smith and Nephew datacenters involving several vendors including ATT, HCL and Aryaka.  *Led a team of engineers to replace globally Cisco ASA Firewalls with Palo Alto edge firewalls to the AWS cloud and the four Smith and Nephew datacenters. Deployment and optimization of the firewall rules for each datacenter was completed.    *Provided leadership to deploy globally CyberArk PAM (Privilege Access Management tool) to the four Smith and Nephew datacenters. Working with several vendors to provide domain admin and sysadmin security along with password rotation for all service accounts at Smith and Nephew.    *Managed a project to consolidate Telephone Call Manager Databases at the various remote China sites to the Singapore Datacenter. Project Manager/Scrum Master - Cook Systems Consultant ServiceMaster - Memphis, TN September 2014 to July 2018 Provided leadership on IT projects including Infrastructure, Information Security, Software Development and Business Intelligence Database Development for the Marketing and Finance stakeholders.  • Managed an IT project to complete a new company acquisition, including the initial PCI SAQ for AHS.  • Provided project leadership to move a non-PCI data warehouse from the PCI network to the business network.  • Led a team of developers to implement a new website for a new company acquisition.  • Led a team of database architects and developers to provide Service Master with a custom MDM database to include past and present customers, properties, identities and contacts.  • Provided leadership for a scrum development team to deploy a new SVM marketing analytics last-touch database that allowed for the matching of sales to leads for Terminix and American Home Shield. The new marketing analytics database provided direction for marketing expense decisions for the SVM marketing team, allowing for a greater return on the yearly marketing investment.  • Led a Kanban team of Jedox database developers to complete the deployment of a SVM financial planning & reporting tool.  • During the SVM/AHS divestiture, divided both Marketing & Jedox databases to be used by both companies. PCI Security Project Analyst, Information Security - VACO Consultant FedEx Corporation - Collierville, TN December 2013 to May 2014 PCI Security Analyst providing vendor engagement risk assessments for the new IT outsourcing model which included granting specific network and server access in the FedEx environment for production and non-production data. Risk assessments were completed by evaluating the project scope, data content and the access needed by the outsourced vendors, providing segregation of duties for all FedEx IT vendors.  • Completed a vendor risk assessment process that provided risk ratings and management attestations for adherence to FedEx information security standards. Developed SOP white paper for training.  • Assisted in developing and maintaining a SharePoint database on all engagement risk assessments. Enterprise IT Architect & Capacity Planner - NexTech Consultant FedEx Corporation - Collierville, TN August 2012 to May 2013 Enterprise Architect and Capacity Planner providing design and capacity specifications for multiple IT projects, including a number of disciplines. VM, Linux, MS, Oracle, SQL and IBM databases. Provided the infrastructure design for various InfoSec and Network Engineering projects; Endpoint DLP (Data Loss Prevention), LDRPS (Business Continuity/Disaster Planning), EMC IONIX (Network Configuration Application for Routers and Switches), and ITCM (CA) infrastructure refresh for the patch management system.  • Responsible for the design phase of FedEx enterprise IT projects. Various IT software design teams were engaged to create new infrastructure design and capacity requirements for new & existing IT environments.  • Created System Architecture Specification documents (SAS) and the corresponding Technical Architecture Design Packages (TADP) for submission to the Architectural Design Review Board. Cost estimates for each design were then negotiated and submitted for approval. Finance Chairman Faith United Methodist Church - Oakland, TN January 2012 to January 2013 Finance Chairman providing financial leadership for a team of ten parishioners.  • Implemented new financial infrastructure and software to provide budgeting, expense tracking and parishioner contributions.  • Improved the payroll, the bank reconciliation process and provided financial guidance to FUMC. IT Infrastructure, Project Manager - VACO Consultant ServiceMaster - Memphis, TN May 2011 to July 2012 Infrastructure Project Manager for PCI infrastructure compliance activities; TruGreen Disaster Recovery and PCI compliance projects including WEP wireless upgrade, ID Admin access resolutions, PCI network segregation, AS400 protocol security, CHD DEV environment development and CHD voice data encryption. All projects included the architectural design of system access resolutions, load balancing, firewall configurations and encryption components of credit card handling systems.  • Provided the project definition documents, architectural designs and their approvals, risk assessments, project plans and weekly progress updates for senior management.  • Managed outsourcing component of PCI projects.  • Provided guidance and planning for the Rapid Recovery POC for the AS400 environment. Education Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering Warren National University - Cheyenne, WY September 2008 Skills Agile/SaFe & Waterfall Project Mgt. / SQL DB Development / IT Risk / Architectural & Capacity Planning / Software Development / Strategic IT Planning; Budgets, Cost Control & Vendor Mgt. (10+ years), Excel, Powerpoint, Program Management, Manual Testing, Sharepoint, PMP Certifications/Licenses Microsoft Intro to Data Scientist Cert. August 2018 to Present Microsoft Intro to Data Scientist Cert.  1. Exploring Data in Microsoft Excel  2. Analyzing and Visualizing Data in Microsoft Excel  3. Basic Statistical Analysis with Microsoft Excel  4. Introduction to Machine Learning