Consulting Systems Engineer Consulting Systems Engineer Consulting Systems Engineer - NetGain Technologies Lexington, KY Demonstrated achiever skilled at learning new concepts quickly, working well in groups and under pressure, and communicating ideas  clearly and effectively. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Consulting Systems Engineer NetGain Technologies August 2018 to Present Responsible for understanding the client's business, how the client utilizes their technology to conduct that business,  and be able to realize operational impact based on proposed technology changes.  ? Understand how proactive solutions, automation, training and documentation can be leveraged to lower support  requests volume and resource requirements.  ? Conduct remote and on-site recurring reviews with clients as a part of their proactive maintenance plan.  ? Collaborate with Engineering, Operations, and Executive personnel to achieve and maintain a positive technology  posture for clients.  ? Perform proactive onsite visits with clients to assess and align with NetGain's Standards and best-practices. 2nd Tier Tactical Response Engineer NetGain Technologies February 2018 to August 2018 In addition to First Tier responsibilities, the Second Tier TRE has obtained advanced certifications beyond MCSE & CCNA and will work towards additional advanced certifications.  ? Oversight of escalated tickets and development ongoing mentoring initiatives and training materials.  ? Participate in semi-annual offsite training and maintain communication with Operations and Tactical Field Engineering. 1st Tier Tactical Response Engineer NetGain Technologies August 2017 to February 2018 Provide ongoing support and expertise to customers and co-workers.  ? Communicate effectively with customers and co-workers to assure that all issues and requests are completed.  ? Ensure the timely response for services provided at or above targeted quality levels or Service Level Agreements.  ? Ensure that all safety and security procedures are followed at NetGain Technologies and customer locations.  ? Advise Management Team regarding changes in projects or workflow and work unsupervised from a remote location. Remote Systems Engineer NetGain Technologies March 2016 to July 2017 Maintain and improve individual utilization and billing levels, consistent with the Profitability, Service and Safety standards.  ? Maintain and keep all certifications current, consistent with the company's business requirements.  ? Pursue additional certifications to improve value to company and customers (significant self-study required).  ? Complete billing and scheduling documentation; maintain communications with Dispatch and monitor follow-up activities. Independent SEO and Content Consultant Self Employed August 2012 to December 2016 Search Engine Optimization (SEO) consultation, copywriting, and implementation.  ? Online Social Media Marketing strategy consultation and implementation.  ? Website strategy, design, construction, maintenance, forwarding, and testing. Computer Science Adjunct Instructor MedTech May 2015 to October 2015 Design and instruct Accelerated Microsoft Office Proficiency Certifications as well as Windows Proficiency Courses. I.T. Administrator/ Project Manager Birtley Industrial Equipment Corporation, LLC April 2013 to October 2014 Oversee the delivery of goods in accordance with customer specifications and prioritize to ensure that deadlines are met.  ? Generate and manage purchase orders for plant tools and production inventories.  ? I.T. support involving VoIP phone, landline Phone, security systems, emergency alarm systems, internal and remote  servers, website, and networking solutions consultation, implementation, maintenance, and troubleshooting.  ? Manage company database, hardware, software licenses, user accounts, and e-mail.  ? Deploy issue resolution strategies, and track progress for multiple issues simultaneously. I.T. Consultant and Executive Coordinator World Trade Center of Kentucky January 2010 to December 2011 *2 recommendations by WTCKY CEO Edwin Webb and ISCO Industries' International Trade Manager Darren Srebnick available upon request.  ? Author bi-weekly online trade publication called the "Trade-Post, " covering trade issues, discussions, and regulations.  ? Corresponded directly with foreign trade dignitaries and officials.  ? Update and maintained two proprietary databases; managed online remote backups of all computer hard drives.  ? Author office procedures manual; coordinated conferences, meetings, and seminars.  ? Conduct research on international trade regulations and overseas markets utilizing proprietary databases. Education Bachelor of Science in Agricultural Economics in Business and Computer Science University of Kentucky 2006 to 2011 Skills System Administrator (9 years), Active Directory (6 years), Cisco (4 years), DNS (4 years), Linux (10+ years), Vmware (3 years), Powershell (4 years), Exchange Server (4 years), Network Administration (4 years), Management (5 years) Links http://linkedin.com/in/ianhanley https://www.youracclaim.com/users/ian-hanley.142656e2/badges Certifications/Licenses MCSA - Windows Server 2016 September 2017 to Present Earners of the MCSA: Windows Server 2016 certification have demonstrated the skills required to reduce IT costs and deliver more business. They are qualified for a position as a network or computer systems administrator or as a computer network specialist. MCP August 2016 to Present Microsoft Certified Professional (MCP) certification validates IT professional and developer technical expertise through rigorous, industry-proven, and industry-recognized exams. MCP exams cover a wide range of Microsoft products, technologies, and solutions. MTA: Networking Fundamentals August 2016 to Present Earners of the MTA: Networking Fundamentals certification have demonstrated knowledge of fundamental networking concepts. The MTA program provides an appropriate entry point to a future career in technology. MTA: Windows Server Administration Fundamentals June 2017 to Present Earners of the MTA: Windows Server Administration Fundamentals certification have demonstrated knowledge of fundamental server administration concepts. The MTA program provides an appropriate entry point to a future career in technology. MCSE: Securing Windows Server 2016, Cloud Platform and Infrastructure January 2018 to Present Earners of the MCSE: Cloud Platform and Infrastructure certification have demonstrated the skills required to run a highly efficient and modern data center, with expertise in cloud technologies, identity management, systems management, virtualization, storage and networking. Earning this certification qualifies an individual for such jobs as cloud administrator, cloud architect, computer support specialist, and information security analyst. Zerto Certified Professional (ZCP 5.0) March 2017 to Present With the latest release of 5.0 Zerto continues to evolve  beyond disaster recovery by enabling organizations to  quickly recover from logical failures, file deletions, data  corruptions and disasters while confidently embracing  change to focus on business.  New features include Disaster Recovery as a Service  (DRaaS) to Microsoft Azure, One-To-Many replication for  simultaneous local and remote replication of VMs enabling  direct recovery to production, and a Zerto Mobile app for  monitoring protection across multiple datacenters.  Zerto Certified Professionals have proven more than sufficient in troubleshooting and implementing Zerto into production environments. Cisco Certified Entry Networking Technician (CCENT) June 2018 to June 2021 The CCENT certification validates the skills required for entry-level network support positions, the starting point for many successful careers in networking. CCENT certified professionals have the knowledge and skill to install, operate, and troubleshoot a small enterprise branch network, including basic network security. Additional Information -Chairman’s Club Nominee and Participant, 2018.  -Engineer of the Quarter, Q4 of 2017.