Software Developer Software Developer Program Consultant Panama City, FL Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Software Developer Self Employed - Miami, FL February 2018 to Present Backend software development in C++ and Java. All freelance and/or contract work. Windows applications in Visual studio and Java with Eclipse (have used Android Studio before).     Currently working on a full stack. From back to front. Program Consultant Data Management - Miami, FL August 2017 to March 2018 Created a large database working remotely using cloud services.  ? Designed a website that listed the information from that database in an excel format.  ? Organized bi-weekly conference calls. Designed another website tailored towards creating a  network of professionals around the State of Florida.  ? Prepared those sheets of information to be implemented into an android mobile application. IT Help Desk Gulf Coast State College - Panama City, FL May 2017 to December 2017 Provided internal support for employees and students. I have a mix of technical and customer  service  ? skills, and am extremely passionate about technology and helping people.  ? Responsibilities:  ? Handle Tier 1 help desk escalations through tickets or phone  ? Follow up on outstanding requests and ensure timely resolution  ? Create accounts and configure hardware as part of on-boarding process  ? Support audio and video equipment in conference rooms  ? Manage and monitor internal assets to ensure accurate inventory records  ? Other duties may be added and/or assigned as needed  ? Experience With:  ? Windows 7, Mac OS X, Google Collaboration Apps and Office 365  ? Mac and PC hardware, Printers, scanners, computer peripherals, Mobile devices (iOS, Android)  ? Student/Employee PC connectivity - ethernet, TCP/IP and VPN  ? File servers  ? Strong customer service and troubleshooting skills  ? Ability to communicate technical information, both verbal and written, to a wide range of end-users  ? 4+ years experience working in a Windows/Mac environment IT Project Manager Sikes Concrete Inc - Southport, FL August 2016 to December 2017 Worked with contracted IT companies to better manage information related to the construction industry and upgrade office hardware.  ? Implemented a GPS tracking system for all company vehicles to receive real-time data on fuel  consumption, vehicle idle times, RPMs, vehicle speeds, and exact locations. This software was  formerly known as "Telogis."  ? Designed the company's first website and insured registration with google search console and  SEO services. Analyzed data related to website traffic.  ? Developed cloud solutions using google drive for tickets/invoicing system. Designed a  numbering system within Excel/Google Sheets connecting tablets to each of the the trucks in order to process invoicing and payments.  ? Gained experience using office accounting software such as QuickBooks.  ? Contacted partner companies to provide software solutions to track and actively update  accounting software when purchases were being made. Education Computer Science Cottondale High School - Cottondale, FL August 2007 to June 2011 AA in Computer Science Gulf Coast State College - Panama City, FL Skills Windows (10+ years), Linux (2 years), C++ (2 years), MICROSOFT OFFICE (6 years), Java (2 years), Telematics (1 year) Additional Information Skills  C++, Java, Web Development, Windows, Mac OS X, Microsoft Office, linux