Building Shift Manager Building Shift <span class="hl">Manager</span> San Bernardino, CA To contribute my skills to an organization which allows for growth & will utilize my skills to their full  potential. Work Experience Building Shift Manager United Parcel Service - San Bernardino, CA January 2018 to Present Always deliver, always on time. Front Desk / Executive Concierge Holiday Inn Express June 2018 to August 2018 Established Brand Loyalty  ? Managed Front Desk & Day to day operations.  ? Trained new hires.  ? Set up meeting rooms and managed general accounts.  ? Interacted with guests and made positive lasting impressions.  ? Managed inventory and revenue for shops on the property.  ? Drove up enrollments, finished 2nd in the nation in enrollments.  ? Retained clients and upsold.  ? Booked reservations for the property.  ? Facilitated dinner arrangements, entertainment & private transportation.  ? Obtained food handlers license.  ? Manages the phones & switchboards.  ? Troubleshooted technologies in guest rooms.  ? Provided unparalleled customer service and experiences.  ? Traveled the nation and inspected grand openings for new hotels plus technologies.  ? Handled cash flow, and made drops throughout the day.  ? In charge of beautification of the property.  ? Assisted the elderly  ? Honored the IHG Tradition Executive Concierge Hilton Worldwide July 2017 to February 2018 Established Brand Loyalty  ? Managed Front Desk & Day to day operations.  ? Trained new hires.  ? Set up meeting rooms and managed general accounts.  ? Interacted with guests and made positive lasting impressions.  ? Managed inventory and revenue for shops on the property.  ? Drove up enrollments, finished 2nd in the nation in enrollments.  ? Retained clients and upsold.  ? Booked reservations for the property.  ? Facilitated dinner arrangements, entertainment & private transportation.  ? Obtained food handlers license.  ? Manages the phones & switchboards.  ? Troubleshooted technologies in guest rooms.  ? Provided unparalleled customer service and experiences.  ? Traveled the nation and inspected grand openings for new hotels plus technologies.  ? Handled cash flow, and made drops throughout the day.  ? In charge of beautification of the property.  ? Assisted the elderly  ? Honored the Hilton Legacy El Segundo - Operations Manager & Test Lead Nabi Tablet September 2014 to June 2015 Provided the framework, philosophy & rollout of the pro gaming culture in the Android Market. - Innovated all company internal processes.  ? Isolated defects within software & hardware. (Prevented a total recall)  ? Tripled the company's growth by providing framework & launching brand loyalty initiatives.  ? Introduced JIRA and other testing practices for offshore test depts. in 1 month. - Innovated hardware  with Solar Energy, UL, & Energy star practices.  ? Administered the nabitablet.com / nabishop.com / and internal systems.  ? Offering accurate information to help/ease the customers purchase decisions & inquiries about their  devices (Tech support + Multiple channels & mediums + Social Media.).  ? Maintain a high level of efficiency in all projects (Lateral operation support) - Android OS, and Third  party OS & App knowledge + debug skills. (QT ADB/ Android SDK/ and in house proprietary debug  systems) -  ? Involved in multiple projects ranging from: i. Better Business Bureau Relations. ii. Product Safety  Cases (T4 Cases)  iii. Delta Force Project:  ? (Growth Hacking: Aimed at affecting the company's bottom line. Usually occurs near the end of a products life cycle or marketing campaign.) Within that project, we used a wide variety of medium' s  to impact our "Net Promoter Score" On an individual level, I was given the opportunity to spearhead  the bulk of the project since its inception; Achieving great success in Q4 by topping Apple, in the tablet  sector. I also trained and groomed new team members (Succession Planning, Marketing Training,  Coaching, Empowerment Training, Huddles, Project time management.), while I worked on the company's latest projects.  iv. Multi-tasking and time management training, and company structure.  v. Worked with the IT dept to maximize efficiency, and to ensure that all systems were performing at optimal levels.  vi. Coordinated with many departments to facilitate the implementation of additions or changes to the system pipeline.  vii. Worked from home, off-site, and managed multiple company accounts.  viii. Provided oversight and consultation on data security and privacy protection. Beverly Hills - Sales Team Leader Lacoste September 2014 to June 2015 Working the sales floor with customer to meet their needs.  ? Offering accurate information to help/ease the customers purchase decisions.  ? Maintain a high level of efficiency and cleanliness.  ? Upselling the latest products.  ? Meeting sales goals for the day/week/month/quarter.  ? Establish brand loyalty. Commissioned Video Game Software Activision - El Segundo, CA June 2014 to August 2014 across various console and PC platforms for their respective  releases  ? Reported compliance issues in both the hardware and software side of Pre/During/Post Production Videographer / Editor / Team Manager Santa Monica College Athletics - Santa Monica, CA February 2012 to April 2013 Worked alongside coaching staff.  ? Captured any and all footage pertaining.  ? Traveled with the team throughout the season.  ? Inventory & equipment management.  ? Uphold the code of conduct, among staff and athletes.  ? Handled large amount of sensitive data & statistics.  ? Worked with powerful NCAA/NBA video editing software.  ? Motivating players to excel/exceed expectations.  ? Maintaining a positive character.  ? Youth Guidance.  ? Being the first one there and last to leave. Heavy Equipment Operator Paper Source - Vernon, CA May 2011 to December 2011 Operated packing machines  ? Troubleshooteg packaging machines  ? Filled pallet orders Project Lead Treyarch - Santa Monica, CA July 2010 to December 2011 While at Treyarch, I provided oversight for the QA dept. I also tested the game concurrently,  innovating the way games are testes from both hardware and software aspects. Working alongside  and/with developers to isolate, reproduce and eradicate both known issues and new issues. Issues  arose by the minute, so as QA Lead it was my job to keep the testing team relaxed, level-headed, and confident in their training/testing abilities.  ? Worked on the company's latest title: Call of Duty: World at War (Emphasis on Pre-Production).  ? Trained new hires.  ? Spearheaded and coordinated a team of tester to find all discrepancies in the game.  ? Developed and carried out test plans to maximize efficiency.  ? Was fully involved with the concerns of the team I managed, and worked diligently to accommodate  workloads and optimize the workday. Community Organizer & Fundraiser Muscular Dystrophy Association - Long Beach, CA July 2011 to July 2011 - July 2011)  ? Assisting families and their children with access to treatment & early detection.  ? Spearheaded and grossed to fund raised for the Jerry Lewis Telethon  ? Project management and & Advocacy for many programs for the community.  ? Assisting families and their children with access to treatment & early detection.  ? Spearheaded and grossed to fund raised for the Jerry Lewis Telethon Concept Car Rep & Survey Interviewer Research Design Specialists - Cypress, CA July 2010 to December 2010 Worked in the call center & R/D Dept.  ? Managed online survey groups. (Staff & Survey-Takers)  ? Scheduled showroom appointments.  ? Trained staff. Herbalife International - Torrance, CA April 2009 to December 2009 Provided the predominantly English speaking call center with lingual support.  ? Handled high volume accounts, which ordered in bulk and maintained good purchasing habits.  ? An all-in-one multi-tiered specialist, whose primary focus was to facilitate transactions involving very  demanding and valuable clientele. IT & Software Engineer Electronic Arts - Playa Vista, CA July 2004 to July 2004 - July 2004)  ? Established Brand Loyalty  ? Managed Front Desk & Day to day operations.  ? Trained new hires.  ? Set up meeting rooms and managed general accounts.  ? Interacted with guests and made positive lasting impressions.  ? Managed inventory and revenue for shops on the property.  ? Drove up enrollments, finished 2nd in the nation in enrollments.  ? Retained clients and upsold.  ? Booked reservations for the property.  ? Facilitated Dinner arrangements, entertainment & private transportation.  ? Obtained food handlers license.  ? Manages the phones & switchboards.  ? Troubleshooted technologies in guest rooms.  ? Provided unparalleled customer service and experiences.  ? Traveled the nation and inspected grand openings for new hotels and technologies. Sr. Game Advisor GameStop - Bell Gardens, CA July 2003 to July 2004 Worked under the guidance of one of the best in the business: Derek Martinez. Together we took  Sales & Subscriptions to the next level, all-while fostering the emergent #ProGamerCulture  ? Established Brand Loyalty  ? Managed Front Desk & Day to day operations.  ? Trained new hires.  ? Set up meeting rooms and managed general accounts. Education Associates of the Sciences in Photovoltaics/Energy Efficiency/Geography/Renewables/Auto CAD/Literature/World Music Santa Monica College 2009 to 2013 Skills customer relations. (Less than 1 year), Excel (Less than 1 year), Excellent written (Less than 1 year), JIRA (Less than 1 year), mechanical aptitude (Less than 1 year), MICROSOFT XBOX (Less than 1 year), MICROSOFT XNA (Less than 1 year), NINTENDO WII (Less than 1 year), Perforce (Less than 1 year), Powerpoint. (Less than 1 year), testing (2 years), video games. (10+ years), Wii (Less than 1 year), Word (Less than 1 year), Xbox (Less than 1 year), XNA (Less than 1 year) Additional Information Skills  SKILLS PROFILE - Trilingual: English & Spanish (Fluent)  All other languages proficient in Localization  Strong attention to detail.  Proficient in many software programs such as: Word, Excel, and Powerpoint.  Others include: DevTest, Perforce, DevTrack, JIRA, Dr. Norton, XNA, Xbox 360 Neighborhood.  Good mechanical aptitude, excel in building computers.  5+ years of experience in customer relations.  Excellent written and oral capabilities.  Has experienced various testing methods in the production of video games for many consoles such as:  Gamecube, PS2, Xbox (Original) 360, PS3, Wii/Wii U, PC.