Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager Norwalk, CT Work Experience Project Manager Transact Technologies 2013 to 2014 Project Manager assigned to lead all implementation initiatives of the Epicentral 3.0(TM) system at gaming casinos world-wide. This involved creation and introduction of project plans and documents, leading project meetings, communication to all levels of management and management of project resources. Lead all efforts for requested enhancements for existing properties as well as managing on-going Issue resolution and Risk analysis.    • Challenged with creating entire project process, project structure, and necessary project documentation for all software implementations for the Epicentral 3.0(TM) application within the company. This included creation of a customized SDLC process which included all planning, analysis and project management functions while leading multiple projects for world-wide initiatives.  • Completed product installation at three casinos which entailed leading project team of 22 for creation of customized promotions and internal product development changes. When implemented, enabled the properties to make 20MM per week in slot revenue. Customer recognized Transact at Bally User Conference for excellence of service and product.  • Initiated new project Kick-Off, Charter, Requirements, Risk Analysis, Change Control, Issue Tracking, Enhancements Review, Standardization of Project Plan, and Pre-Initialization Questionnaire documents to streamline the project process. Had company purchase SharePoint to organize all documentation in a centralized repository.  • Managed team of 10 to deliver project for European customer that entailed four simultaneous implementation Go Lives at various sites.  • Led project team of 12 to deliver Epicentral 3.0(TM) at nine casino locations for South American customer. Challenged with creation of installation manuals and software CD to enable the customer to install the product on-site with minimal supervision. Sr. IT Business Analyst Starwood Hotels 2010 to 2012 Serve as a valued advisor between the business community and the IT organization in order to deliver business/functional/technical solutions and documentation in order to meet key user expectations for hotel and hospitality business. Possess expertise in the business systems and processes in order to support scheduled enhancements and assigned projects.    • Lead BA responsible for coordination of 9 member team for Mobile Permissions project. Deliverables included business requirements, Use Cases, issue tracking, traceability matrix, updating documents in SharePoint, UAT and BA test planning and execution, and communication with all levels of management. Results enabled company to capture guest's mobile telephone numbers and permission to contact in order to legally send text messaging reservation confirmations and marketing offers to the guest's mobile device.  • Incorporated requirements to design a standardized format for Web-based Confirmation, Cancellation, Pre-Stay, Post-Stay and Point Award guest communication emails. Project entailed construction of wireframes that captured new data elements and structural layout dictated by a larger project. All emails were defined for all nine Starwood brands to ensure rate descriptions, rate plans, number of Guests (including children) and costs for extra bed necessities were tested and displayed to specifications.  • Led effort to obtain requirements for corporate group pricing and forecasting system. Project had to be completed within five months end to end or be forced to wait one year due to pricing schedule deadlines. Project entailed delivering new changes from business JAD sessions including on-line screen changes and functionality within a new platform. Extensive wire frame creation including field/data formats were generated to deliver functioning web pages by the development team. Team effort recognized by CTO at IT quarterly update meeting.  • Revamped monthly enhancement release process to account for prioritization and development hours assigned for maximum efficiency for Starwood's Communication, Guest Event/Issue/Request integration, Property Time-Share and Discovery Questionnaire systems. This entailed partnering with Business SME's to gather requirements, IT development and QA reviews, user acceptance testing, and monitoring progress and status against the release time-line while negotiating enhancements planned for release.  • Collaborated with subject matter experts and 3rd party vendor to define requirements that implemented property work order maintenance and monitoring package into the existing corporate system. Managed business, functional and non-functional requirements that provided changes to existing screen and processes to allow the two systems to send, receive and display edited data for over 30 properties. IT Business Analyst Affinion Group 2007 to 2009 Led elicitation efforts for business requirement documentation for marketing e-commerce and membership service business. Creation of Use Cases, QA and User Test Plans, and User Acceptance testing. Duties included negotiating with subject matter experts for alternative solutions, coordinating and leading meetings. Working with IT to provide project tasks, time estimates, risk evaluation and testing/implementation strategies.    • Implementation of a third party vendor "real-time" telephone credit alert product onto an existing company product. Converted business requirements into a comprehensible document which included risk analysis and test plans that enabled software to be integrated successfully. Enhancement effectively built marketability of product and increased sales 15% due to new customer enrollments.  • Company initiative to integrate an existing compromised identity product onto a new partner's personal check ordering system in order to expand world-wide presence into Canadian Market. Formulated communication effort to all stakeholders to compile and prepare business requirement specifications and use cases to extract data object relationships. Tight deadline implementation date was achieved by contract agreement and added $450k to third quarter profits. Team effort received Bravo Award given by company president.  • Company effort to revise customer Mailing Fulfillment System to streamline functions and lower costs. Partnered with over 30 business stakeholders to compile and prioritize business requirements. Led team to negotiate major enhancements to agreed workable list. Project saved +1.5MM annually in lost member renewals and decreased manual efforts 10 hours per week for pricing reconciliations.  • Replaced an existing costly third party vendor credit report monitoring system. Captured all business and vendor requirements as well as develop data flow analysis, process diagrams, functional use cases, wire frames and user test case strategies. Partnership with new vendor decreased contract costs $2MM and streamlined/reduced internal processing times.    Hewitt Associates (Now Hewitt-Aon) IT Systems Analyst for the Defined Benefits Group  Wachovia Bank (Now Wells-Fargo) Financial Specialist for sales of financial and credit banking products to customers.  Bayer Corporation IT Project Manager for all Consumer Marketing, Customer Rebate and Chargeback systems.  Reader's Digest Corp Senior Programmer/Analyst for Marketing and Customer Selection systems.  James River Corp (Now Georgia-Pacific) Programmer/Analyst for Marketing, Pricing, and Business Forecasting systems. Education M.B.A in Management University of Bridgeport BS in Marketing University of Bridgeport Skills Project Management, Business Analyst, Communication, Leadership, Planning, Negotiation Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/marktroncone Certifications/Licenses PMP, CMS, IFS Business Analyst Additional Information Key Competencies  • Project Management (Scope, WBS, schedule, cost/budget)  • SDLC processes (Iterative, Agile/SCRUM, and Waterfall)  • Risk Management (gap analysis, assessment, mitigation)  • Change Management (impact, prioritization, tracking)  • Requirements (Business, Functional, Non-Functional, Bus. Rules)