Techical Support Analyst Techical Support Analyst Technician Support Analyst - Societe Generale New York, NY I am a Technical Project Manager with over three years of experience in Information Technology, as well  as two years in the financial industry. I have successfully demonstrated leadership and management  abilities in the following organizations: Societe Generale, United Bank of Switzerland, Hong-Kong Shanghai  Banking Corporation. Additionally, I founded a startup company named Bundlecamp Inc. I have gained  experience with driving projects on schedule, on budget, and on spec while managing the development of  mobile (Android) apps, crafting roadmaps, user stories and wireframes. I have adapted into a cross- -  functional manager of onshore and offshore resources using cloud- based tools and Agile, Waterfall, Hybrid  approaches. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Techical Support Analyst Societe Generale December 2015 to Present Provided Level 2 Desktop Support to client, Société Générale, on the Trade floor. Diagnosed, Repaired, Maintained all PC hardware and software to ensure optimal workstation performance for end users. Assisted end users with any IT related incidents when they occur such as programs not launching properly or PC hardware failing. Skillsets and experience for AI Desktop Support technicians include but are not limited to: ? Asset receiving, Asset staging, Imaging and build outs, Installs, Moves, Adds, Changes (IMACS) including pre?move, move, and post?move activities, Hardware maintenance and repairs, Inventory data management, Lifecycle asset management, Activity and asset management reporting, Salvage and charity pickups and management, Disposal management, After hours support, Application support, Operating system support (Windows, Unix, Linux, Mac, Citrix, VMware) and Database support (MS SQL, Oracle, Sybase) BLN webmaster Projects: 400 PC rollout, Upgrade of Enterprise Software, Migration of Systems (SG to NewEdge) Project Manager Bundlecamp Inc (Gamechat) February 2014 to Present Bundlecamp Inc (getgamechat.com)  Recruited and managed a Project with other 4 employees.  Managed a team to build several Web/Android applications: Bundlecamp, Gamechaserapp and getGamechat.com  Developed a Business plan, Product Roadmap and Development Timeline.  Facilitated meetings, presentations and demos as well as monitor bookkeeping and account  organization. Project Manager Pentius May 2015 to August 2015 Oversaw the day-to-day activities of the MyAccount Visa Prepaid Card project team 5-6 projects at a time, and ensure server admins' and programmers' projects are progressing according to preestablished delivery timelines. Ensured A/B testing and delivery of Prepaid cards weekly. Monitored the Prepaid card Inventory. Manage expectations of senior team. Closely track key milestones to assure project is completed on time. Identified underlying issues of any delays, and redirect resources to get Prepaid projects back on track.  Main Projects: Redesign of Pentius Online Presence, Online Activation flow of Prepaid cards and Weekly Delivery of Direct Prepaid Mail cards Social Media Associate Listenloop June 2014 to February 2015 Responsible for research and generating content to be used for the promotion of ListenLoop.  Content Management-Delivering content and information for the blog, campaigns, LinkedIn, and other  appropriate channels.  Responsible for maintaining and updating ListenLoop's blog, Twitter, Facebook page and LinkedIn. IT Consultant FDM November 2011 to February 2014 Trained in Oracle SQL, PL/SQL, Excel VBA, Business Analysis, APM Project Management Training, ITIL  certification, Unix, Solaris Unix  Under FDM I worked for: HSBC and UBS Data Analyst HSBC February 2013 to January 2014 Generated reconciliation reports comparing client data from various internal onboarding credit and trade systems with known customer profiles Ran Dodd Frank tracker reports that ensured external  business controls were met prior to internal business controls as part of new process  Took meeting minutes and distributed assigned roles and responsibilities to team members  Presented reconciliation reports to the KYC Services team to push forward the bank's enhanced due  diligence policies  Coordinated with off-shore teams to attain client data, necessary to generate reconciliation reports,  while ensuring that compliance, operational risk controls and regulatory standards and policies are in place IT Consultant/Application Support Analyst UBS April 2012 to October 2012 Fixed administration issues with all employees within UBS Americas Wealth Management Division.  Assisted users test Windows 7 applications for the deployment branch wide.  Helping over 500 employees across the company Communicated procedures and operational process with first and second level. As well as Third level application support of proprietary-UBS and Microsoft  software. Created excel pivot tables displaying users' system data IT Temp New York University September 2011 to October 2011 •Provided IT support to several NYU professors and deans. He customized and configured the standard  supply chain software to suit the client's needs.  •Helped repairing faculty software and hardware problem. This involved in depth knowledge of the platform and its capabilities as well as the ability to deploy images and software on faculty computers and  deliver safely and computer securely to various locations. It also required the ability to learn quickly and adapt to new technologies and issues. Computer Labs Operational Manager Rochester Institute of Technology May 2010 to November 2010 Managed 21 Computer labs, 180+ peer employees, averaging 100+ shifts daily. Interview, hiring and training new lab assistants, staff scheduling, making sure labs are secure at all time  First & second level troubleshooting of software and hardware    https://www.visualcv.com/2bumryuxva4  Coordinating with various sources on campus(technical coops, campus safety, FMS, college  administrators, faculty).  Maintaining internal website Responsible for communicating procedures and operational processes to all lab staff. Writing design documentation about the processes, procedures and operations Education Bachelors of Science in Information Technology in Database and Innovation Techniques, Entrepreneurship Rochester Institute of Technology September 2006 to May 2011 Skills Business Analysis (2 years), Excel (2 years), Oracle (3 years), SQL (3 years), Unix (3 years), Project Management (5 years), Word Links http://linkedin.com/in/piggottmichael Awards 10th Annual Queens StartUP! Business Plan Winner 2016-04 (Innovation category) QEDC Certifications/Licenses ITIL v3 2012 to Present PMP March 2018 to Present Additional Information Key Skills    Business: ITIL V3, Project Management, Business Analysis  Technology: Hubspot, Salesloft, Jira, Balsamiq, Datadog, Google Analytics, UNIX Shell Scripting, UNIX, Oracle  SQL, WordPress, Database Management Systems, Database Creation, Systems Analysis, Design, Information  Technology Development and Project Management, AS400 database, MS Excel VBA, MS Excel 2003/2010,  MS Word 2003/2010, MS Access, Adobe Flash & Photoshop, ActionScript, HTML, CSS, Network Cabling  (Ethernet cables and coaxial cables), Excellent knowledge of Windows operating system 95 - 8 as well as  Google suite applications.    https://www.visualcv.com/2bumryuxva4