IT Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Manager - Avenue Stores, LLC IT professional with extensive retail industry experience developing and implementing solutions in a  multi-channel environment. Result oriented, decisive leader with proven track record on delivering  projects in a demanding business environment while being pragmatic and focused.  • Over 20 years of IT management experience  • Goal-oriented individual with strong leadership capabilities  • Ability to direct/manage complex projects from concept to operational status  • Proven ability to work in unison with staff, external contractors and business partners of all  levels  • Strong project management skills, business analytics and technical skills have culminated in the  successful implementation of a multitude of business initiatives Work Experience IT Manager Avenue Stores, LLC - Rochelle Park, NJ February 1995 to Present Plus-size women's clothing retailer  Responsibilities:  • Provide leadership on tactical projects from concept to delivery.  • Provide business support from an IT perspective as well as business perspective.  • Provide mentoring to IT staff in fostering long term growth.  • Served as lead/member of various business steering committee meetings.  • Gathered business requirements utilizing Joint Application Development (JAD) methodologies  while using Agile/Scrum methodologies in the development phase.  • Develop ROI projections on tactical IT projects.  • Participated in various contract negotiations with vendors.  • Interface with all department heads in managing priorities of IT requests.  Key Achievements:  • Implemented CRM solution for the company's multi-channel businesses. Solution improved  business by generating enhanced marketing segments, reducing marketing costs and generating  better campaign lifts.  • Heavily involved in eliminating the outsourcing of the Ecommerce business channel - this  included order management, order fulfillment, order settlement and call center. Solution  reduced cost and created infrastructure for future growth.  Charles Miceli  New Milford, NJ  (201) 921-8326  CharlieMiceli@gmail.com  https://www.linkedin.com/in/CharlesMiceli/    • Designed and implemented an intranet Web portal allowing real time communication with 450  stores. The ability to communicate with the stores in real time effectively changed the culture of the company as well as reduced overall costs.  • Designed and implemented a data warehouse including the implementation of BI tools. The  implementation allowed the business to answer questions without IT involvement. Project Manager Brooks Fashions, Inc - New York, NY May 1987 to November 1994 Women's clothing retailer  • Directed the design, development, implementation and maintenance of systems both online  and batch for the following applications - Purchase Order System, Warehouse Receiving and Shipping System, Distribution System, Accounts Payable System, Merchandise Planning System and EIS System.  • Full SDLC was followed - preparation of business documents, functional documents and  development documents. Education City University of New York - Hunter College - New York, NY Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/CharlesMiceli