IT Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager/ IT Manager/System Adminstrator Tampa, FL IT Project Manager with 20+ years of IT experience specializing in Project Management, IT Management and Systems Administration. Offering an array of critical skills in client-facing and internal communication. Consistently credited for organizational skills including attention to detail and multitasking skills. Proven track record of projects that are delivered on-time, within scope and within budget. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Manager Dobbs Equipment - Tampa, FL November 2017 to May 2019 Successfully managed IT Dept. responsible for 300+ Employees throughout 8 Florida branch locations while keeping a technology uptime of 99.3%  • Coordinated and supported IT integration planning, tracking and process for acquisitions and divestiture from Nortrax Equipment.  • Managed the development of infrastructure and procedures necessary for daily support of company technology resources with minimum downtime.  • Assisted HR in creating initial company Technology Standards and on-boarding process for IT implementation. IT/ Project Specialist Nortrax, Inc - Tampa, FL June 2016 to November 2017 Responsible for reducing costs of IT Dept. by more than $500K annually due to properly managing project lifecycles of the following: HP MFP Printer removal and replacement, Implementation of Cloud Fax Transition, DHCP Scope restructuring and Administering of Web Jet Admin for all locations including Canada. Followed given timeline for completion of projects and supported end users throughout transition.  • Focused teams on business objectives and tracked progress to ensure project milestones were completed on time, on budget and with the desired results.  • Mitigated risk factors through careful analysis of financial and statistical data. Anticipated and managed change effectively in rapidly evolving global business environments.  • Kept track of projects and service calls using ticket tracking system and project calendars. Created needed instructions and documentation for end users and help desk to support changes. Performed cost saving analysis of all implemented deliverables. IT Manager Boys & Girls Clubs of Tampa Bay, Inc - Tampa, FL July 2002 to May 2016 Successfully built technology foundation necessary to support two dozen computer labs that hosted 350 PCs. Created and established lab minimum requirements necessary so members could properly leverage learning systems while stabilizing a safe environment for them  • Ensured computer equipment, hardware, and software are routinely updated to meet organizational needs. Managed and made administrative decisions for all technology used in the organization  • Managed a team of 20 lab specialists and facilitated the migration process for converting all 500 lab pcs O/S to Windows 10 and Office 2016 within 3 months' time. Education High School Diploma High School of Art and Design - New York, NY Skills Active directory, Cisco, Dhcp, Tcp, Vmware, Vpn, Dns, Exchange, Firewalls, Networking, Server administration, Migrations, Rollout, Android, Ios, Voip, .net, Html, Wireshark, Wireless, IT Management, Itil, Network Administration, Customer Service, Excel, Citrix, Project Management (3 years) Links http://linkedin.com/in/jorgevera19 Additional Information Core Competencies  Project Management:  System Migrations/Integrations  Enterprise wide Implementations  Systems Engineering  Cisco Phone/CRM Systems    IT Project Lifecycle:  Requirements Analysis  ROI Analysis  Costing & Budgeting  Project Scheduling  Testing/QA/Rollout/Support    Value-Added Leadership:  Cross-Functional Supervision  Team Building & Mentoring  Client Relations & Presentations  Business & IT Planning  Vendor Management    Technical Skills  Software Platforms: Office 365 with AZURE, Windows Server Administration (Windows 2003, 2008, 2012) SQL & MYSQL, Windows OS (Windows 7/8/10), Hyper V and VMware vSphere, Jira, Microsoft Exchange, Microsoft Office (2007/10/16), MAC OS, Linux, iOS, Android  Networking: LANs / WANs / SANs, TCP / IP, VoIP, DNS, DHCP Scopes, Wireless / VPN Architecture, Cisco Routers & Switches, Firewalls, Cisco IOS, Active Directory Domain Controllers  Hardware Platforms: iPads, iMacs, tablets, desktops, laptops, printers, scanners, projectors  Tools: PowerShell, Wireshark, ManageEngine Explorer, Zenmap, Acronis Imaging, Notepad ++,  Languages: HTML with CSS, DotNetNuke, WordPress, Java and .NET