I.T. Project Manager I.T. <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> San Antonio, TX A career minded, self-directed individual with years of analytical/organizational skills and the ability to  work independently or with a team. Seeking a position with increasing responsibility within a well-  established organization.    *Willing to relocate* Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience I.T. Project Manager Salute Inc - San Antonio, TX June 2019 to Present • Coordinate internal resources and third parties/vendors for the flawless execution of projects  • Ensure that all projects are delivered on-time, within scope and within budget  • Assist in the definition of project scope and objectives, involving all relevant stakeholders and ensuring technical feasibility  • Ensure resource availability and allocation  • Develop a detailed project plan to monitor and track progress  • Manage changes to the project scope, project schedule and project costs using appropriate verification techniques  • Measure project performance using appropriate tools and techniques  • Report and escalate to management as needed  • Manage the relationship with the client and all stakeholders  • Perform risk management to minimize project risks  • Establish and maintain relationships with third parties/vendors  • Create and maintain comprehensive project documentation  • Meet with clients to take detailed ordering briefs and clarify specific requirements of each project  • Delegate project tasks based on junior staff members’ individual strengths, skill sets and experience levels  • Track project performance, specifically to analyze the successful completion of short and long-term goals  • Meet budgetary objectives and make adjustments to project constraints based on financial analysis  • Develop comprehensive project plans to be shared with clients as well as other staff members  • Use and continually develop leadership skills  • Attend conferences and training as required to maintain proficiency Site Manager Zips Car Wash - San Antonio, TX May 2019 to June 2019 Consistently upholds company policies • Labors to become a highly effective communicator • Strives to mentor and teach those under them to eventually take their place • Has efficient conflict resolution skills • Continues to develop and grow as a manager, leader and coach • Is an expert in time management • Routinely checks to make sure the site is operating at top capacity • Attends all training, meetings and relative events • Empowers their team to perform at their best • PRIMARY DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES**: • 1. Business Operations**: • Monitor and control HR percentage • Monitor, control and troubleshoot chemicals daily • Conduct daily preventive maintenance program according to the schedule • Maximize speed for processing vehicles at the wash through training and upholding standards of performance • Conduct equipment repairs proactively and troubleshoot problems quickly • Ensure timely completion of daily, weekly and monthly reporting as required • Consistently review and follow manufactures’ maintenance and repair schedules • Stay aware of market completion, pricing, offerings and all things related • Manage all monetary transactions to include bank deposits and pay station reconciliation • 2. Customer and Team Member Satisfaction**: • Compose and maintain weekly associate schedule • Decrease errors in vehicle cleaning and damage to vehicles • Always Maintain a clean and friendly facility • Ensure the Assistant Site Manager, LCSA and CSA are performing their work duties as assigned • Continue to train and develop all employees on all aspects of the wash • Perform HR functions such as employee training records and periodic employee reviews • Control and document employee discipline and morale • Participate in community outreach and create relationships in the community Onsite Lawn Specialist TruGreen Lawn Service - Lewisville, TX January 2019 to May 2019 • 1. Applies fertilizers and pesticides to lawns according to schedule, safety procedures, and label instructions.  • 2. Assists in sales to current customers through contact on route and telemarketing.  • 3. Measures the lawn of potential customers to provide them with an accurate cost of TruGreen's lawn care service.  • 4. Completes production reports, new sales forms, customer invoice forms, daily vehicle inspection report, and cancel/skip notices as required daily. Clinic Manager Immediadent Urgent Dental Clinic - Dayton, OH January 2017 to March 2018 • 1. Works with the clinic's physicians and owners to establish goals and long-term plans for the clinic and follows up with actionable plans.  • 2. Assesses and evaluates the jobs of staff members and meets with them to make suggestions for improvement, address deficiencies, and, when necessary, remove and replace staff members.  • 3. Evaluates pay increases in accordance with proper execution of clinic practices and meritorious service to the clinic.  • 4. Trains new staff in the policies and procedures of the clinic.  • 5. Oversees medical coding, collections and billing procedures, including any necessary follow ups with delinquent patients.  • 6. Maintains complete confidentiality regarding medical records and personal information. Respiratory Therapy Supervisor United States Air Force - San Antonio, TX October 2012 to December 2016 Dayton, OH  • 1. Meets respiratory therapy financial standards by providing annual budget information; monitoring expenditures; identifying variances; implementing corrective actions.  • 2. Reports the activities of the department and staff by identifying, collecting, and reporting relevant statistical data.  • 3. Provides life-saving therapies by responding to code alerts; participating as a member of the  • 4. Maintains safe operation of respiratory care services equipment by adhering to governmental and hospital safety regulations; evaluating new equipment and techniques; maintaining inventory of equipment; providing regular preventive maintenance; making adjustments to equipment; troubleshooting malfunctions; arranging for repairs.  • 5. Updates respiratory therapy job knowledge by participating in educational opportunities; reading professional publications; maintaining personal networks; participating in professional organizations.  • 6. Maintains legal and accreditation compliance by developing policy positions concerning federal, state, and local regulations, and JACHO standards; anticipating emerging issues. Education University of Phoenix Associates of applied science in applied science Community College of The Air Force MBA in Healthcare Management Excelsior University Skills Team Management (8 years), Leadership Development (6 years), Leadership Training (5 years), Budget Management (6 years), Customer Service (5 years), Customer Relations (4 years), Microsoft Suite (5 years), Data Entry (8 years), Medical Terminology (6 years), Medical Manager (6 years), Medical Billing (6 years), Payroll, Scheduling, Outlook, Filing, Administrative Assistant, Excel, Osha, Site Safety Military Service Branch: United States Air Force Rank: SSgt Certifications/Licenses DOT Medical Card March 2019 to March 2021 Certified Phlebotomist April 2019 to April 2021 Certified through the AMCA.  Certification #4232 Certified EKG Technician April 2019 to April 2021 Certified through the AMCA.  Certification #4232 Certified Medical Assistant (AMCA) May 2019 to May 2021 Certified through the AMCA   Certification #4232