IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager-Retirement | Investments | Banking Medford, MA Proven IT Project Manager with extensive experience managing application projects from initiation to delivery for the retirement, investments and banking sectors.     A leader with strong organizational, problem solving and analytical skills, who thrives in a fast-paced, deadline-driven environment.     Inclusive people manager adept at building high-functioning global teams with low employee turnover.     Areas of Expertise  Project Management  Certified Scrum Master (CSM)  Business Systems Analysis  Waterfall and Agile Methods  Vendor Implementations  Organization and Prioritization Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager TRANSAMERICA January 2016 to May 2018 • Partnered with the Transamerica IT team to migrate 76 clients from the Mercer system to the Transamerica system.  • Participated in knowledge transfer meetings as a Mercer Outgoing Subject Matter Expert (SME).  • Managed a cross-functional, agile team of 8 including business analysts, US development team leads, offshore developers in India and quality assurance analysts.  • Continued to execute client requests and Production Support for Payroll and Outgoing on the Mercer systems until the migrations were complete. IT Project Manager MERCER July 2004 to December 2015 • Owner of Mercer's Defined Contribution Payroll and Outgoing applications interfacing to the 401(k) recordkeeping system; processed million-dollar payroll files for Fortune 500 clients.  • Managed an 8-person agile development, maintenance, and support team.  • Transformed the team from Waterfall to Agile methodology (April 2013); attended the daily standup meetings; participated in sprint planning; groomed the backlog; worked with business partners to remove impediments; held showcases to verify sprint progress; made continuous improvements through retrospectives; followed the SDLC framework.  • Attended Scrum Master training; championed agile best practices; supported the team through a servant leadership style; coached the scrum team through challenges; worked with the Product Owners to understand the impact and urgency of user stories.  • Supported client requests and Production Support for Payroll and Outgoing applications.  • Acted as the Product Owner for Payroll and Outgoing applications; worked with all levels within the organization; effectively managed multiple tasks at various stages of completion; organized and prioritized client requests to meet competing deadlines for 8-10 Client Services teams.  • Worked with 3rd party payroll solution vendors, including Workday, ADP, Empyrean, WageWorks and Computershare, to define requirements, develop, test, and implement transmissions.  • In addition to daily responsibilities, acted as the IT point-of-contact for 4 audits. Education MBA Duquesne University - Pittsburgh, PA Bachelor of Science in Accounting The Pennsylvania State University - University Park, PA Skills Ms project, Sharepoint, Systems analysis, Visio, Isupport, Sql, Business systems analysis, Excel, Microsoft office, Outlook, Powerpoint, Word, Scrum Master, SDLC, PM, Waterfall, Software Development, Information Technology, Project Management, CSM, Project Management, CSM Links http://www.LinkedIn.com/in/LindaMSchnur Certifications/Licenses Certified ScrumMaster (CSM) November 2012 to Present Additional Information Areas of Expertise  Project Management  Certified Scrum Master (CSM)  Business Systems Analysis  Waterfall and Agile Methods  Vendor Implementations  Organization and Prioritization  Skills  Microsoft Office (Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, SharePoint), MS Project, iSupport, VersionOne, Visio, SQL