IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager - Newport News Shipbuilding Hartfield, VA Work Experience IT Project Manager Newport News Shipbuilding - Newport News, VA June 2018 to Present In 2018 successfully managed two large scale, infrastructure related Splunk implementation projects. One was for DFARS compliance and the other replaced a legacy capacity planning tool called BMC. Also successfully delivered a backup and recovery strategy initiative, working with a third party DR appliance.  • In 2019 I managed multiple projects. First, a project that focuses on moving Power BI into production. Another project that enables our Naval customer to access and work with numerous Cognos reports in their own environment. Finally, managing a large scale yard wide capacity planning project that directly impacts all stages of construction throughout the shipbuilding process. This project works with a solution provider, developing a customized application specific to NNS and the capacity throughout the yard.  • Additionally I managed three other large scale SAP / S4 ERP projects in an Agile methodology that focuses on procurement optimization and enhancing facilities productivity with the development of Fiori apps. IT Infrastructure Project / Program Manager Anthem - Richmond, VA May 2017 to May 2018 • Managed and led the Apple @ Anthem offering which was the initial offering to the entire enterprise for Apple MacBooks. Ensured the infrastructure, end point security, firewall and all necessary support was completely covered and in place for the official launch date. This was unprecedented at Anthem and a high profile project and directive specifically from the CIO.  • Managed the large scale upgrade and deployment of the Windows 10 Program across the entire enterprise. Milestones included application readiness and testing, SCCM upgrades and support, server build outs and collaboration with Microsoft and internal field support. Upgrades were dependent on an organized yet aggressive deployment schedule, effective communication with the team, executive sponsors and directly to the field. Deployments were executed through either an Upgrade in Place or Tech Refresh methodologies. IT Infrastructure Project Manager TCS / Federal Reserve Bank - Richmond, VA March 2016 to March 2017 • Facilitated the relationship between the Federal Reserve Bank and HPE ( IT solutions provider) for several high profile infrastructure projects.  • Projects included Cisco end of life, NetBackup appliance and VMware, Enterprise Password Vault using CyberArk, Juniper Firewall end of life,  • Maintained stringent security protocols across multiple groups of internal and external developers and engineers.  • Effectively managed the relationship of the entire project team while delivering project phases and milestones on a timely basis, within budget plus reporting and escalating when necessary to senior level management. IT Infrastructure Project Manager Owens & Minior Inc - Richmond, VA February 2014 to February 2016 • Managed large scale, enterprise wide projects specifically on the Owens & Minor account to include a large scale MDM project that impacted multiple systems and dozens of distribution centers across the enterprise.  • Responsible for the delivery and deployment of the O&M corporate ordering and inventory system (OMNI). The project incorporated a replacement and upgrade of the entire infrastructure, Dell servers, SQL databases, Windows and MicroFocus Enterprise operating systems and storage migration from EMC to Compellent. This deployment impacted all distribution centers across the enterprise.  • Handled the day-to-day management of the deployment and migration teams.  • Led the management effort to migrate several Oracle database servers impacting many crucial applications across Owens & Minor from a physical to virtual environment.  • Met with and reported to senior level management on a weekly basis to report status.  • Consistently met expectations and continuously received positive quarterly reviews. IT Project Manager ePlus Inc - Richmond, VA April 2013 to September 2013 • Senior Project Manager managing large scale initiatives concentrating on infrastructure with a Cisco services organization  • Worked with high profile clients such as Media General, Geico, Washington Redskins to name a few.  • Responsible for all aspects of the Project Management lifecycle. Project plans, budgets, billing, status meetings, all while working directly with the client regarding project scope.  • Project deliverables included configuration of Cisco routers, switches, WLCs, NetApp, VMware, and wireless assessments  • Short term employment due to low utilization. Position eliminated. IT Project Manager ChildFund International - Richmond, VA April 2012 to April 2013 • Sole Project Manager responsible for global initiative (Office in a Box), deploying new state of the art network infrastructure in all National and Regional offices with VPN tunnel back to International office.  • Office in a Box will enable all NOs and ROs to obtain real time support and share and receive sponsor data in a timelier manner.  • As the sole IT infrastructure PM, the purpose of the role is to manage and organize the infrastructure team's time table in a more logical manner where all IT initiatives can be prioritized and handled appropriately.  • Manage the space utilization of the network room to enhance workspace organization, inventory control and team collaboration.  • Manage other projects, such as Office 365, DC expansion, networked copier deployment, ECD, and others IT Project Manager Northrop Grumman - Richmond, VA March 2011 to April 2012 • Lead Project Manager responsible for server migrations from multiple storage environments to large scale EMC Clarions.  • Maintain the overall comprehensive SAN migration schedule working with all state agencies across the Commonwealth of Virginia while adhering to state driven process controls.  • Report directly to senior management while managing a project team of 8 storage engineers, server sys admins, and EMC technicians.  • Maintained an active relationships with third party vendors.  • Manage all aspects of weekly SAN migrations across all operating systems originating from various storage environments, to include replication, validation and troubleshooting.    Took personal time after Capital One to take care of dying father in between these two engagements. IT Project Manager Capital One - Richmond, VA October 2008 to September 2009 • Manage a large scale migration of servers to VMware version 3.5 that are on multiple clusters and operating systems throughout the enterprise data center.  • Manage an enterprise level SAN consolidation project that will produce a savings of $250,000 per quarter for the data center.  • Lead a team of resources to convert Oracle databases throughout the organization to the latest supported version.  • Maintained standard documentation; issues log, charters, timelines, etc, and conducted weekly team meetings and status reports. IT Project Manager Performance Food Group - Richmond, VA March 2007 to July 2008 • Managed server and network teams for new infrastructure build-out.  • Managed project deploying price optimization software to 19 operating companies and distribution centers. Software dealt with sales and pricing analytics and reporting.  • Single-handedly managed the build-out of two remote business services centers while working with a SAP implementation team to deploy an enterprise-wide SAP financial solution.  • Maintained standard documentation; issues log, charters, timelines, etc, and conducted weekly team meetings and status reports.  • Position eliminated due to merger after business services center functional. IT Project Engineer Nextel Communications - Reston, VA 2005 to 2006 • Conducted switch site surveys, reviews and approval for Alcatel, Tellabs and Motorola.  • Monitored the installation and migration of MSC equipment such as DACCS, iBSCs and all panels, shelves, and chassis associated within the floor plan.  • Conducted scheduling calls with vendors and reviewed projects within EPIC.  • Reviewed and rewrote Alcatel's site survey process catered specifically to their relationship with the project engineering group within Nextel IT Project Manager Nextel Communications - Reston, VA 2003 to 2005 Project management and deployment leadership for the integration of handset location services to PSAPs throughout the US as part of the FCC E911 Phase II regulatory mandate. Deployed over 100 PSAPs, encompassing more than 1500 sites and 4000 sectors.  • Led national deployments of the Nextel enhanced 911 wireless phase II system in the Engineering and Operations group supporting public safety.  • Effectively troubleshot problems along the call flow and wireless networks.  • Worked with different organizations (Motorola, Intrado, Verizon, Bell South, Sprint, etc.) on a consistent basis to coordinate deployment efforts while a senior PM with Nextel.  • Provided root cause analysis of network servers, application events, and other issues.  • Managed all documentation of call flow processes, federal process controls, troubleshooting steps and test results.  • Pre-deployment scheduling and staffing coordination.  • Identified gaps and recommended fill-ins for existing architectures or other proposed solutions.  • Provided support to deployment project managers, planners, and installation engineers as a leader on the Project Engineering team. Education BS in Business Administration/Marketing University of Richmond Skills PM, SDLC, Information Technology, Itil, Software Development, Waterfall, Project Management Additional Information Over 20 years of project management and business development experience in the IT consulting, customized software development and telecom, wireless industries. Extensive experience managing large, enterprise wide projects and supervising teams. Continue to develop exceptional relationships as the  liaison between business operations, technical delivery team and vendors. Establishes fluid alternatives to re-align  tasks associated with the critical path of the project while mitigating risk. Effective as staff manager, individual  contributor and mentor in both the product and professional services environments.    Technology Application  • Knowledge of PMBOK, PMI driven disciplines and initiatives  • Completed the HP ITIL course  • 10+ years working in data centers and network management, specifically with SAN / Virtual migrations and datacenter utilization.  • Many years working with systems, SDLC and infrastructure needs that impacted multiple locations and large distribution centers.  • Extensive experience with MS Project, Clarity, SharePoint and MS Office applications  • Developed multiple project management documents to include cost benefits analysis, charters, project plans, trouble shooting documents and end user training.  • Developed an integrated customer contact management system that was used throughout the organization.  • Developed operational review audit documents.  • Clear understanding of wireless technology and network topography. BSCs, MSCs, selective routers, trunks, etc.  • Trained end-users in different software, hardware and wireless configurations and environments.