AVP, Infrastructure Service Delivery PMO AVP, Infrastructure Service Delivery PMO AVP, Infrastructure Service Delivery PMO Successful Project Manager recognized for ability to deliver mission-critical, full life-cycle projects on-time and on-budget in the banking, finance, wholesale and cosmetics industries. Expert in planning, executing, monitoring and managing concurrent highly complex projects.    ? Experienced in full development lifecycle from concept through project planning, creating work breakdown structures, coordinating risk management and resource management. Diligent in following the PMO (PMBOK) processes for project completion. Proven experience in managing projects and programs using both waterfall and Agile for Infrastructure process deployment.  ? Proven leader of significant projects including data center consolidations, enterprise desktop/server migrations, core infrastructure initiatives and major application implementations. Work Experience AVP, Infrastructure Service Delivery PMO Moody's Corporation - New York, NY November 2016 to June 2019 Program Manager for End User Mobility and Desktop Strategy program with responsibility for setting program and projects priorities, soliciting support and managing commitment of sponsors, stakeholders, and resources. Provided overall leadership across multiple projects, resource allocation and budget management throughout the organization. Annual budget of $2.2M.    • Led overall design and implementation for the JAMF system for Mac management. Held daily scrum sessions to architect OS operational readiness and security profiles for MacBook and iMac systems.  • Coordinated the first deployment of MAC usage in the Moody's Analytics group. Oversaw team that created support profiles enabling self-service through the SNOW portal.  • Managed architectural design and infrastructure readiness for global Windows 10 deployments. This included solution design for Microsoft Bitlocker enablement prior to OS deployments.  • Developed business aligned IT metrics for program governance and portfolio performance; monthly reports prepared for stakeholders and the Executive Management Team. Reports covered programs including Windows 10 migrations, MacOS implementation and collaboration tools.  • Led project workstreams utilizing agile techniques: user stories, Kanban boards via JIRA, Continuous Integration and Continuous Testing.  • Specialized in continuous improvement while measuring project performance using appropriate systems, tools and techniques Senior IT Project Manager Estee Lauder Companies - Melville, NY November 2013 to November 2016 Senior IT Project Manager charged with managing global GIS initiative projects. Managed a team of up to 20 infrastructure and software engineers on daily project operations. Implemented usage of PMO guidelines to promote best practices within the organization. Interfaced with Senior Executive team to ensure that key project requirements aligned with organizational goals and objectives.    • Led multi-faceted Global Desktop migration initiative, upgrading over 18,000 Windows XP desktops globally to Windows 7. Managed multiple workstreams including application remediation, building global SCCM infrastructure and vendor management for desktop deployment. Project produced savings of over $1 M in Microsoft Service Agreement costs.  • Project lead for global Wintel server migration campaign. Migrated 1200+ servers from Windows 2003 to Windows 2012. This project produced savings of over $800k annually in operations expenses.  • Project lead for network upgrade project to add a redundant secondary network connectivity for the 14 office locations in the NYC area. The project successfully implemented a MPLS network to handle all enterprise voice traffic.  • Continuously worked with project stakeholders to clearly define and manage project expectations and success criteria, scope, schedule, cost and risk management.  • Lead cross-functional teams to achieve business objectives with specified quality levels. Provided solid decision-making while balancing business goals and delivering time to market.  TECHNICAL TOOLS    • Microsoft 365  • Microsoft Windows 10  • Microsoft Office Project 2016  • Microsoft Office Project 2013  • Microsoft Office 2016 Suite  • Microsoft Office 2013 Suite  • Atlassian JIRA  • MS Project Server 2013  • MS SharePoint Online  • MS Project Online  • Clarity PPM  • HP PPM  • Innotas PPM  • HP Quality Center  • ServiceNow Portal Senior IT Project Manager DealerTrack Technologies - Lake Success, NY September 2012 to November 2013 Managed diverse Infrastructure deployment projects for this Automotive Dealer Management organization. Collaborated with major stakeholders and IT delivery teams to manage all levels of the System Development Life Cycle. Managed all project deliverables including development of project charters, work breakdown structures and risk management analysis. Also created impact assessment docs, functional specifications and design documentation. Project budget ranged from $300,000 - $800,000.    • Project lead for the "World Class Deployment" program developing enterprise automation around both software and infrastructure deployment across all DT technologies. Socialized key metrics and status to senior Management. Managed the full project life cycle for all 8 sub- projects.  • Managed an extensive IT portfolio of infrastructure and software development projects including deployment of Cisco Network Infrastructure, VMware server virtualization and implementation of new HP Blade Server Chassis. Technical expertise supported ability to effectively interface with engineers and software developers. IT Project Manager Li & Fung USA - New York, NY September 2011 to September 2012 Managed all merger related initiatives through full Project Life cycle integrating and consolidating the acquired companies' technology into the enterprise data centers. Managed all Data Center projects, Cisco phone system deployments, and systems upgrades for the entire project. performed data center virtualization and re-homing of M&A physical servers to SunGard co-location data center in NJ. Managed the Empire State building project for all IT related deliverables for this global provider of consumer apparel, accessories and home goods. Managed project budgets varying from $800,000 to $3M.    • Created project status briefings and reports as well as developed and maintained risk and issue logs. Developed project artifacts including charters, agendas, meeting minutes, and correspondence.  • Reduced infrastructure costs by implementing VMware virtual machine technologies to consolidate servers and perform physical-to-virtual migrations for legacy systems.  • Empire State Building relocation project - Managed all IT related construction deliverables including:  ? Deployed new Cisco Core routers and switches in new IT communication rooms.  ? Collaborated with IBM to design and deploy Passive Optical Network (PON) fiber connectivity to the desktop. IT Project Manager Deutsche Bank, Corporate Security & Business Continuity - New York, NY September 2010 to September 2011 Project Manager charged with coordinating the overall disaster recovery solution for global markets. Led successful technical re-design and re-fresh of 3 disaster recovery sites designated for the commercial investment bank group. Overall scope included coordination and oversight of business continuity and disaster recovery planning process in building out remediating and testing three new alternate recovery sites for global markets America, while managing a $10 Infrastructure budget.    • Managed implementation and build out of new NYSE Tier IV disaster recovery data center and data migration to the recovery sites utilizing all phases of project life cycle including requirements gathering, budget management and procurement.  • Managed the design and deployment of 900 mission-critical IPC IQ/Max Turrets and Trading level PC systems. Responsible for managing Technical engineers, project schedules, network and infrastructure design. IT Project Manager Capital One Bank - Melville, NY November 2007 to September 2010 Effectively managed the consolidation of 24 production Data Centers to the enterprise production data center in Plano, Texas (PDC) and its disaster recovery center in Richmond, Virginia (KDC). This project included review of server candidates for Server Virtualization, consolidation and server retirement in order to achieve the most cost-effective support model while ensuring that current service levels were maintained or improved. Managed a detailed IT budget of approximately $8 Million and cut costs to align with program governance, business expectations and forecasted growth. This project annualized server operational expenses savings of more than $3 Million USD.    • Managed consolidation of all physical servers to VMware Infrastructure with shared storage across EMC SANs. Managed Server Consolidation through VMware ESX Servers, VMware Converter (P2V) and VirtualCenter.  • Managed multifunctional and multi-location team of 15 engineers, as project leader responsibilities ranged from overall project strategy to design planning and risk mitigation.  • Created and revised RFIs, RFPs, SOW and Project Charter for several projects within the overall program scope.  • Delivered the preliminary planning phase for the Bank's Data Center migration.  • Including cloud computing, asset management, and storage management.  • Migration of Servers P2V and V2V detail transition planning.  • Consolidation of disparate computing and storage tiers into unified systems.  • Utilization of PMI, and ITIL methodologies for "best practices" compliance. IT Project Manager Bank of America - New York, NY January 2005 to November 2007 Enterprise Business Continuity/Disaster Recovery Lead - Primary focus included all aspects of Business Continuity Management (i.e. crisis management, business continuity planning, and disaster recovery testing.) document and deliver the business continuity life-cycle. Managed key BCP/DR process with key lines of business and Technology groups in a company-wide Disaster Recovery and Business Continuity remediation effort to ensure Global Banking Data center resiliency.    • Planned, managed and implemented semi-annual Enterprise wide Disaster Recovery test for one of the 4 major Data centers. Managed major Disaster Recovery projects including application and infrastructure discovery, Data Center inventory and reconciliation, Data Center Failover testing, Mission Critical Application failover testing and infrastructure failover tests. Provided key analysis to senior management to ensure primary goals were met.  • Developed and tested comprehensive disaster recovery plans for all technical components and staff relocation for Global Securities Investment Bank customers. These plans aligned with Corporate Continuity governance. Education B.S. in Computer Science in Computer Science St. John's University - Jamaica, NY 1987 Skills Pmo, Project planning, Change management, Governance, Budgeting, Vendor management, Risk assessment, Business analysis, Quality control, Scheduling, Quality control management, Mentoring Links http://linkedin.com/in/johnrharrisjr Additional Information SKILLS SUMMARY    Primarily skilled in:  • Quality Control Management  • Work Breakdown Structure  • Scope Management  • Stakeholder Communication  • Business Analysis  • Project Charter Development  • PMO Governance/Process  • Project Planning  • Resource Scheduling  • Vendor Management  • Risk Assessment  • Program/ Project Budgeting  • Change Management  • Project Execution  • Monitoring & Controlling  • Team Leadership  • Resource Mentoring