IT SDLC Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> SDLC <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Sr. Program/ Project Manager - IT SDLC Spring, TX • Certified Project Management Professional that exhibits a high degree of professionalism, strong communication and presentation skills and effective experience with a global audience.  • Program Management – 6+ years managing large-scale, multi-year (5+ years) programs with multiple phases executing simultaneously. Recent experience managing multi-year projects/programs up to $7M.  • IT SDLC Energy Project Management – 10+ years of project management experience in energy applications development in oil and oil products, natural gas, wholesale electric and energy trading.  • Project Management Office – 4 years managing projects within a company IT PMO according to proprietary methodologies based on the PMBOK.  • Manage large and multiple portfolio projects – managed $4M projects with 15+ sub- projects 4-5 happening simultaneously.  • Dynamic Project Manager – experienced leader of 18 years who can get things done in a high-demand business environment with strong problem solving and analytical skills to business needs with technology. Work Experience IT SDLC Project Manager NCI Buildings - Houston, TX May 2017 to Present • Managing 17 team onsite and offsite analysts for IT issues and operational project task tasks  • Managing all IT operation tasks and order/delivery/testing/installation of time clocks to integrate with new HR Ceridan Dayforce HCM implementation.  • Developed SDLC project to automate current manual accounting billing processes to bring accounting processes under SOX control. Coordinating reporting to new enterprise reporting initiative.  • Coordinated acquisition of new order fulfillment and shipping scanning software to integrate with Oracle ERP. Negotiated contract terms, held business process/requirements discovery sessions, and gathered metrics to establish ROI. IT SDLC Project Manager Conn’s Homeplus - The Woodlands, TX January 2017 to May 2017 • Managed multiple SDLC projects to automate current manual accounting processes as a precursor for upgrading enterprise accounting system. Worked closely with the business to document current and to-be processes.  • Established standards for utilizing ServiceNow for project tracking and portfolio management and Confluence and JIRA for business requirements, functional specifications and development specifications for on/offshore teams. IT SDLC Program Manager Plains All American - PMO - Houston, TX April 2014 to August 2016 • Managed implementation program of key operational asset management system with 30 key stakeholders and technical staff and $7M multi-year budget. Completed assessment on plans to launch mobile platform for in-field completion of regulatory maintenance and inspections forms.  • Managed cross-functional delivery program with 80 resources comprised of multiple vendors, technical services, application solution developers, security experts and business resources to implement an Enterprise SharePoint solution with $4M multi-year budget.  • Established information architecture, lead data security classification solution, and implemented records maintenance and retention policies for enterprise implementation. Ensured department and team collaboration sites used out-of-box functionality to minimize need for support and provide ease of future upgrades.  • Lead scalable implementation of SharePoint sites for capital projects, operations, engineering, marketing, environmental health & safety and accounting departments with approval workflows.  • Established standard processes and templates for program/ project management within a maturing project management office and project governance team.  • Chaired cross-department steering committees of senior vice-presidents to set program priorities and budget.  • Lead multi-round vendor selection and 3rd party products procurement committees working with legal for master services agreements, statements of work, software license agreement and service level agreements.  • Roadmapped future capabilities for multi-phase implementation balancing business needs and urgency against system functionality and features while maximizing resource allocation and resolving scheduling conflicts.  • Coordinated with infrastructure team to setup disaster recovery/data redundancy plans for enterprise intranet system using DoubleTake DR. IT SDLC Project Manager Synergis - Southern Company PMO - Birmingham, AL November 2012 to January 2014 • Managed cross-functional delivery team comprised of vendors, operations IT, business analysts and business resources to implement an Oracle SOA data platform using Agile methodology that supports wholesale Financial & Contract Services needs of Power Generation.  • Lead cross-functional delivery teams to implement unit updates to multiple systems across front, mid, and back office applications in multiple phases for Financial & Contract Services and Fleet Operations & Trading in support of Southern Company's Top 2 project for test energy and commercial operations.  • Ensured and coordinated new wholesale accounting system was included in corporate business continuity plans and accurate data replication was tested and occurring on disaster recovery systems. President/ Project Coordinator - Non- IT Bay Area Divers - Houston, TX January 2011 to December 2012 • Won Diver of the Year award in November 2011 with popular vote among several nominees.  • Refocused officers and directors on frequent local diving and social events to grow active membership by over 200% and increased event participation by over 200%.  • Developed Operational Instructions with roles and responsibilities for Board of Directors positions.  • As Co-Chairman of the annual fundraiser, sold out of available tables a week before the event and increased gross income by over 40% of the previous years. IT SDLC Project Transition Manager Logica - Shell Downstream Supply - Houston, TX June 2008 to November 2010 • Coordinated global teams to ensure that key Transition/Supportability deliverables and approvals for Go Live were in place prior to handover of software applications from project to support teams with special attention to stakeholder concerns, compliance, process management, and document control.  • Simultaneously managed transition of 7-12 projects from stage gate 1 Support requirements to stage gate 5 Operations for seamless delivery of software applications.  • Ensured project completed information risk and security compliancy requirements, Business Continuity Plans, Disaster Recovery Plans, and maintained access control.  • Delivered end-to-end Support Models, Service level agreements, Transition and Run & Maintain budgets, Knowledge Transfer and Transition Plans, source code documentation and handover  • Ensured plans were executed for each new system implementation to be fully supported and added to disaster recovery systems with multiple project managers. IT Project Manager ROI Staffing – Shell Trading - Houston, TX May 2007 to April 2008 • Expedited communication between Shell and Third-party vendor for implementation of Endur custom solution of simulation result calculation error with unit, regression, stress, and integration testing.  • Compiled Project Charters and provided Executive Summaries to upper level executive management.  • Worked with Program Manager for project reporting, budget tracking, and stage gate approvals.  • Benchmarked production system of Nucleus before installation of customized archiving tool. IT Manager Welmar International Inc March 2003 to September 2006 • Managed website development projects by scoping requirements for on-time delivery for launch.  • Identified business need with cost/benefit analysis, defined scope, assembled teams & resources.  • Scrutinized all communication and computer systems driving expenses 30% below target budget. IT SDLC Project Manager Modis Professionals – BP Gas & Power N. America - Houston, TX November 1999 to November 2002 • Managed the implementation of a front-to-back in-house developed Energy Trading system for 3 years with team sizes ranging from 12-150 personnel and budgets ranging from $500K to $5M.  • Guided 5 project managers in Houston and Calgary in the PMO supporting Program Manager.  • Setup and implemented QA and Testing team by promoting Best Practices and following RUP methodology reducing systems delivery errors by 75%. IT SDLC Project Manager U.S. Air Force - Pentagon, DC March 1990 to November 1999 • Managed $2M upgrade for a 100-node communication network for the USAF Executive Staff.  • Gathered system interface and reporting requirements for implementation of mission critical system with a $5M budget - part of a $100M mainframe system conversion to a client-server platform.  • Drafted operational procedures for delivery and configuration control for software delivery versions. Education Bachelors of Computer Science in Information Systems Management University of Maryland May 1995 Skills PMO (4 years), RUP (2 years), MICROSOFT SHAREPOINT (8 years), PROJECT MANAGEMENT (10+ years), MS Project (10+ years), MS Office (10+ years), MS Visio (10+ years), WebEx (7 years) Certifications/Licenses PMI-PMP February 2015 to February 2021 Additional Information Methodologies:  Southern Company's PMO, Agile, Shell's Performance Delivery Framework (PDF), BP's Capital Value Process (CVP), Project Management Body of Knowledge (PMBOK), Rational Unified Process (RUP), Unified Modeling Language (UML), Capability Maturity Model (CMM)    PM Tools:  Planview, MS Office Project, MS SharePoint, MS Office Visio, MS Office, WebEx, NetMeeting and Rational ClearQuest.