IT Application Support Technician <span class="hl">IT</span> Application Support Technician IT Application Support Technician - Whitesky Communications Work Experience IT Application Support Technician Whitesky Communications - Tuscaloosa, AL August 2018 to Present Goal: Provided technical assistance to customers on inbound telephone and email tech support.  Value: Install, update, and repair software on organization systems along with residential networks.  My Contribution:  • Provide 24-hour assistance to tenants in 80 properties nationwide.  • Navigate and configure multiple network management systems.  • Install and program Access Points, Modems, and Routers among a variety of configurations with a  knowledge of different hardware. Leasing Consultant Woodlands of Tuscaloosa - Tuscaloosa, AL March 2017 to August 2018 Goal: Uplift residential life through residential phone calls, events, and one on one consultations.  Value: Address, investigate, and resolve tenant complaints and documented action taken; deliver emergency  24-hour on-call services to tenants.  My Contribution:  ? Became one of the leading consultants to raise and maintain the occupancy rate from 65% to 80%  ? Provide value and a standard to not only residents but my fellow teammates, if we weren't always  going to hit the goal, but we always hit our standard.  ? Operate property management software as well as Excel spreadsheets of 1400 residents to logistically organize accounts. Project Manager UA MIS - Tuscaloosa, AL November 2016 to December 2016 Goal: Lead and personally organize meetings as well as design the team's work schedule.  Value: Create a business plan using the FAST methodology to streamline the university's library process.  My Contribution:  ? Cultivated a process using beacon technology to increase student involvement with UA's Libraries  ? Proposed a modified meeting schedule to accommodate team members' schedules  ? Organized and facilitated discussions leading up to the composition of the project. IT Assistant Stillman College - Tuscaloosa, AL August 2014 to December 2014 Goal: Provide Assistant to the IT Director and Faculty in regards to Computers  Value: Analyze and handle the technical assets of the college as well as provide a younger as well modern  perspective to versed system.  My Contribution:  ? Provided technical services to students  ? Revamped wireless connectivity in Rouhlac Hall on all 3 floors that resulted in increased connectivity  ? Reviewed Blueprints of Hay Hall and corrected inferior Wi-Fi signal distribution as well as performed  maintenance thereafter.    TECHNICAL Languages: Java, Visual C# Education Bachelor of Science in Commerce and Business Administration The University of Alabama August 2019 Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/patrickmotley