Release Train Engineer Release Train Engineer Release Train Engineer - Symantec Technical Program Manager with Software Development, IT Infrastructure expertise and proficient with Agile, Scaled Agile Framework, Scrum and Project Management Professional disciplines Work Experience Release Train Engineer Symantec - Culver City, CA 2013 to Present Ensure the Agile Release Train is operating at peak efficiency by aligning dependencies, removing impediments and acting as an information radiator.  ? Work closely with the Product Management, the Product Teams and Product Owner to ensure we are working on the highest value technologies  ? As a former Scrum Master, I coach Scrum Masters to ensure they are empowering the teams by leveraging good agile practices such as encouraging them to take owner ship of work and quality  ? Align the delivery of 30+ core engine technologies to 50+ products across the Symantec Consumer and Enterprise divisions, ensuring dependencies are addressed, deliveries are high quality and teams are performing at high level  ? Hold teams accountable for high quality code by ensuring, fast build times, unit tests, system tests, smart fuzzing, stress tests, etc.  ? Facilitate Program Increment Planning (Quarterly all hands planning to align work with business objectives) for 120+ engineers, dependency alignment, address risks, get buy in from entire team with a confidence vote  ? Dissect very complex technical information, extracting business impacts and presenting back to the Executive team on a bi-weekly basis  ? Drive the completion of Fiscal Year goals across the entire Security Technology and Response Organization such as infield malware detection metrics and present to the Executive staff on a bi-weekly basis  ? Unique ability to inject positivity in what some may consider high pressure situations, as result my teams regularly deliver in the clutch IT Project Manager Walt Disney Company - Glendale, CA 2012 to 2013 Led project management effort for the DCP Stores application portfolio for the Data Center Migration  ? Bundled and scheduled all applications for a compressed timeline move taking into account application  dependencies, governance restrictions and business impact. Integrated ITIL, SOX, PCI requirements.  ? Successfully migrated all the Disney business systems for all the Disney stores with ZERO downtime  ? Central point of communication for all teams and redistributing pertinent information in a timely fashion through holding multiple weekly standing meetings and distributing concise reports  ? Featured in the Disney's Corporate Newsletter for being the first project manager complete the migration of a major business unit (Disney Consumer Products Stores) and championing innovative ways of migrating systems while maintaining zero downtime to the customers    Jean-Claude is an excellent project manager and was always one of the go-to resources on whom we could count on for accurate status. He was one of the first Project Managers to complete his program, which is a real testament to his valuable skill set.  Andrew Herzog, Manager at Accenture  "I worked with Jean Claude on a complex ten-month data center migration project for the Walt Disney Company. His attention to detail and identifying potential issues in the project was amazing. His excellent organizational skills allowed all phases of this project which involved hundreds of servers to complete on time. I always felt confident when Jean Claude was involved in my parts of the project as I know nothing would fall the through the cracks. He is an excellent communicator who always has a positive attitude and strong work ethic which makes for an ideal project manager."  David Miller, IBM i Consultant  Jean-Claude and I worked on the Data Center move program at Disney. He came into the project after it had started rolling and still managed to rapidly get up to speed and become a vital member of the large extended team. It was a pleasure to work with him due to his attention to detail, prompt responses and easy going manner. Jean-Claude is a welcome addition to any team.  Laura Ferguson, Project Manager at  The Walt Disney Company    Phone: (310) 822-6323  jeanclaude1033@gmail.com  Los Angeles, CA 90230  www.linkedin.com/in/jeanclaudeb    Experience IT Project Manager (Consultant) Resources Global Professionals - Brea, CA 2012 to 2012 Revived stagnant project by analyzing roadblocks, devising plan, creating schedule, controlling scope, integrating PMI best practices and managing the core team consisting of IT management to the next stage  ? Solved problem of getting verified lease, physical and electronic data from three sources and performing a three-way match to provide an input to the BMC Remedy Configuration Management Data Base (CMDB) for the global enterprise to support ITIL implementation IT Project Manager Generation IX - Los Angeles, CA 2010 to 2011 Managed implementation of IT best practices for RealD in process of achieving SOX 404 compliancy  ? Created a complete set of policies, procedures and forms to prepare RealD for a SOX 404 audit Interim IT Director The Annenberg Foundation - Los Angeles, CA 2009 to 2009 Transitioned IT management from a legacy outsourced IT agency to an in-house, local IT model  ? Managed support of existing systems including 2003/2008 Active Directory, Exchange, Citrix, SAN, VMWare, SQL, Great Plains, Gifts, Backup Exec, Apple Xserv, IIS, WSUS, Artesia DAM, LAN, VOIP, Telecom, state of the Art AV components and WAN infrastructure Director of IT and Studio Technology Marvel Studios - Beverly Hills, CA 2006 to 2008 Established IT department which supported the first two movies in the Marvel Cinematic Universe  ? Locally maintained a mirror site of Marvel Entertainment Headquarters' implementation of Oracle  ? Successfully implemented web accessible windows based Digital Asset Management System (OTC) used in blockbuster feature films which leveraged a HP Storage works MSA 1000 SAN configured for high availability IT/Operations Manager Webzen America - Los Angeles, CA 2005 to 2006 Traveled to the Headquarters in Korea to document the proprietary MMO gaming architecture (high availability application hosted in a data center environment) in order to re-launch in the US market  ? Forecasted budget for MMO (Massively Multiplayer Online) game "Soul of Ultimate Nation" and negotiated enterprise level pricing with DELL, HP, Cisco, IBM and other vendors Site IT Lead Atari - Santa Monica, CA 2000 to 2005 Managed Atari's Southern California locations including the integration of Shiny Entertainment in the 20+ worldwide locations  ? Integrated Shiny Entertainment Studios' IT infrastructure after acquisition during "Enter the Matrix" game development cycle which released on time and sold 1,000,000 units in the first week Education BS in Business Management Western Governors University Skills Jira, Microsoft project, Pivot tables, Engineer, Excel, Word, Closing, Coaching Additional Information Skills  Agile: Scrum, Scaled Agile Framework, Release Train Engineer, Product Increment Planning, Coaching teams and individuals, Retrospectives, Sprint Planning, Sprint Closing, Demonstrations, Inspect and Adapt  Tools: Jira, Confluence, Excel (Pivot Tables), Word, Microsoft Project