Data Center Manager Data Center <span class="hl">Manager</span> Data Center Manager Macungie, PA Work Experience Data Center Manager Comcast Inc - Philadelphia, PA July 2010 to April 2018 Responsible for data center operations, facilities and customer facing X1 production systems, MEP maintenance and IMACs - produce project status and workload activity reports - maintain integration with production support groups - develop working relationships with local unions - collaborate with Comcast management on procurement, maintenance contracts, staffing and budgets - maintain Service Now asset management database - serve on emergency response team for the Broad St data center and Comcast Center    Accomplishments:  • Successfully completed multiple complex data center and facilities projects  ? Decommission, relocation of 6,000 1U server/network assets and removal of 25,000 copper/fiber connections from Broad St  ? BAU, installation, consolidation, relocation and decommission of more than 5,000 customer facing production hardware assets  ? Decommission of 833 Chestnut St site and relocation to Broad St (Q3, Q4 2010)  ? Supervise multiple data center and facilities buildout projects at Broad St and Comcast Center  • Implemented (Status of the Data Center) weekly review sessions  ? Goals achieved include streamlining and significantly improving communication across all platform support groups  ? Provides a forum for enhanced knowledge sharing improving operational effectiveness  ? Established and optimized strategic change from reactive to proactive data center support  • Created new documents and reports including the following  ? Hardware purchasing and procurement workflow process  ? Asset lifecycle workflow (delivery, storage, deployment, provisioning, retirement, disposal)  ? Weekly data center status report (charts, graphs, statistics, trends, power consumption, space allocation)  ? Weekly server error report (distributed to system admins for follow up resolution and server maintenance)  ? Comcast Center lab maintenance, emergency support, BAU support, shutdown/restart action plan (process, communication, owners)  • Nominated for "Circle of Success Award" in recognition of achievements and contributions at Comcast (January 2011) Project Manager VisAlign Inc - King of Prussia, PA January 2009 to July 2010 Served as trusted business partner for Comcast, property management office and general contractor - directly responsible for infrastructure buildout, core services implementation, user relocation, budgets, interviewing, hiring and supervising vendors and union labor - review and negotiate contract proposals and participate in vendor selection process - review and approve property access agreements - host project status meetings with emphasis on contract deliverables - decommission origin site infrastructure and facilitate shut down during post relocation phase    Accomplishments:  • Successfully completed technology buildout for office space (320,000 sq. ft.) located at 5 Times Square, New York City  ? Delivered all circuits, copper, data and fiber cabling installations on time  ? All security and telecom infrastructure services completed ahead of schedule  ? Seamlessly relocated desktop and network technology for more than 400 users  • Implemented multiple scope changes generating $150,000 in construction cost savings  ? Changes to original scope included HVAC and MEP modifications as well as user workstation redesign  ? Worked with electrical contractor to revise original wiring plans for more efficient use of conduit and structured cabling  ? Modified original architectural drawings to achieve client expectations for new office space footprint  • Designed server lab footprint solution and server rack layout through collaborative effort with general contractor  ? Maximized use of limited space allocation allowing for more efficient technology support operations  • Completed decommission of Grace Building office space (400,000 sq. ft.) ahead of schedule and 25% under budget  ? Decommission phase completed 3 weeks ahead of schedule  ? Early completion created significant time and material cost savings in excess of $250,000 Project Manager VisAlign Inc - King of Prussia, PA July 2007 to January 2009 Served on PMO group (reporting to Karen Buchholz) assigned to relocate corporate offices into the new 1,000,000 sq. ft. Comcast Center in Philadelphia, PA - directly responsible for desktop technology and infrastructure relocations from multiple sites throughout the northeast region - managed group of over 50 contractors, employees and union workers - conducted site surveys for technology requirements - interviewed key department personnel - secondary objective involved decommissioning infrastructure from all origin sites    Accomplishments:  • Successfully completed the relocation for more than 4,000 users and 15,000 hardware assets  ? Project was completed on time and 30% under budget  ? Decommission phase was completed 17 days ahead of schedule creating significant time and material cost savings  • Authored Information Technology articles for the "Comcast Center Welcome Book"  ? Participation on the "Comcast Center Welcome Book" project was at the request of Comcast's Senior VP of Administration  ? Sections of the book included state of the art technology reviews  ? Also included are "how to" sections on wireless networking, printing, copy centers, cashless kiosk use  ? Illustrated detailed information for the new conference room reservation system (Meeting Planner Web)  ? Produced laminated user guides illustrating functionality of the new Nortel VoIP phones  • Returned more than $125,000 in tangible funds to the Information Technology budget through hardware recycling  ? Implemented new asset management process known as "Technology Value Solutions" (negotiated with HP)  ? Defined processes creating immediate financial benefits and considerable ROI for end of life assets IT Support Manager Computer Aid Inc - Allentown, PA April 2004 to July 2007 Responsible for workflow supporting application services, desktop, help desk, network and infrastructure at HP Financial Services North America - coordinated remote support for sales conferences - produced reports detailing user support statistics, trends and project status    Accomplishments:  • Implemented new strategies and standardization for user support operations  ? Coordinated initial 30 day site assessment in order to document issues and evaluate support groups  ? Wrote summary plan for restructuring support matrix  • Increased customer satisfaction ratings from 25% to over 90% within the first 60 days on the job  ? Conducted client surveys to measure success of new team, processes and service offerings  • Significantly improved all major objectives for desktop and help desk support  ? Increased 4 hour ticket resolution SLA by more than 80% during first 90 days  ? Established user classroom training programs which resulted in a 35% reduction of total support tickets year over year  ? Oversaw successful completion of Windows XP upgrade project in excess of 1,000 systems across the US and Canada  ? Created focus group which resulted in a 65% reduction of overall desktop system issues IT Support Manager USEC Inc - Bethesda, MD November 2002 to April 2004 Hired to provide improved leadership and direction overseeing support operations - directly responsible for managing desktop and infrastructure support - responsible for 24/7 executive support including the integral support of several United States government officials    Accomplishments:  • Significantly improved the image and service methodologies of the IT support group  ? Established weekly face to face meetings with key management personnel  ? Hired team members focusing on total commitment to providing a superior customer experience  ? Structured team goals and strategies based on feedback from end user surveys  • Hosted end user training sessions in classroom format  ? Conducted training for Microsoft applications, wireless networking, Internet security  • Reduced department budgets, vendor T&M contracts and outsourcing agreements  ? Utilized industry knowledge and key business contacts to effectively minimize contracted support  • Implemented new asset management model and logistics and purchasing policies  ? Negotiated new terms with DELL Inc. for end of life assets resulting in improved ROI Desktop Support Manager Trawick & Associates - Bethesda, MD October 1998 to October 2002 Supervised 25 technicians providing support for 8,000 USPTO employees - responsible for logistical operations at a 4,000 sq. ft. government secured warehouse - served as the engagement manager interfacing with Sr. government officials at the USPTO/CIO office    Accomplishments:  • Expanded contract operations from 12/5 to 24/7  ? Hired key personnel to facilitate expanding support roles  ? Implemented new ticket system through collaborative effort with Remedy application group  ? Added new inbound call functionality utilizing knowledge of PBX administration  • Consistently exceeded all deliverables and SLA requirements  ? Increased 4 hour problem resolutions from 32% to over 88% within the first 30 days on the job  • Increased contract revenue by 10% year over year from 1998 to 1999  ? Added 22 new contract roles through team development, organic growth and promoting from within  ? Achieved warranty repair certification status for HP printer support which became a value added service and revenue stream Education training and computer applications Montgomery College - Germantown, MD 1996 to 1997 Business Administration Montgomery College - Germantown, MD 1990 to 1992 Skills Operations, Capacity planning, Active directory, Cisco, Exchange, Sms, Net backup, Sun, Logistics, Logistics management, Inventory, Mep, Space planning, Facilities operations, Mail room Additional Information TECHNICAL KNOWLEDGE  • Extensive experience implementing and supporting Microsoft products  • Extensive experience supporting primary and secondary applications  • Expert level knowledge supporting all major desktop PC and laptop hardware  • Active Directory administration, SMS, Server 2000/2003, Exchange Server, NT Server  • Sun server hardware, Cisco UCS systems, Dell and HP server hardware  • iLom and NTWK config, SPP updates  • HP Tape Backup, Net backup, Iron Mountain tape backup and offsite storage, Quantum tape libraries  • Extensive experience with general MEP infrastructure relative to technology, data centers and facilities operations  ? Mail room operations and logistics management  ? User relocation support, space planning, capacity planning, FFE  ? Asset and inventory management  ? Implementing and supporting technology and facilities infrastructure  ? Interfacing with trades and unions