Director of Facilities Operations Director of Facilities Operations Director of Facilities Operations - Collective Impact Center San Diego, CA An experienced Project Manager. Educated to post-grad level in Business Admin and MCSE qualified.    Experienced in clinical system (McKesson PACS & GE & Merge CPACS) integration and administration, budget planning $1k to $5m), vendor management, infrastructure upgrades (Physical to virtual servers VMware ESXi 5.5 GA), communication room build outs (10 to 200 users), network installations Cisco 300 to 4400 managed switches, structured & unstructured cabling (CAT 5e), hardware rollouts, mergers & acquisitions and department relocations (1 to 400 users).    Greatest Strengths:    Ø• Establishing, building and maintaining relationships.  Ø• Communication skills.  Ø• Team building and motivation.  Ø• Vendor management.  Ø• Contract negotiation.  Ø• Budgeting Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Director of Facilities Operations Collective Impact Center - San Diego, CA August 2018 to Present Oversee physical maintenance and operations of four buildings, facilities and building systems.  Assist with planning and execution of building construction or renovation. Manage leases, vendors, contracts and budgets related to buildings and facilities.    Summary  • Projects: Network Wi-Fi & Cabling Installation - Electrical system upgrade - Commercial  Kitchen Renovation - Office Renovations - Building Security Upgrade - Oversee day-to-day  building issues, roof and flooring renovation/repair, drywall installation, plumbing etc.  • Budgets: $5k to $60k.  • Specifics: Vendor Management - Contract Negotiation - Chair k/o & Status Meetings - Produce Project Documentation.  • Project Teams: 2 - 10 Inc. Project Sponsor CEO, CIO, Dept. Management, Engineers, Technicians, construction, Vendors.    Environment:  • Desktop & Servers: Windows 10. MS Office. MS Project '13. UNIX. Windows Server.  • Network: Cisco SF300-10P, SF300-24PP CAT 5e Cabling. Wi-Fi. Facilities Project Manager Garland Family Properties March 2015 to August 2018 England UK    Originally returned to England to coordinate and manage 24 hr care for my terminally ill mother and ailing father. Once there the responsibilities changed. I was tasked with overseeing the general  maintenance, upkeep and renovation of my parents' 11 residential properties, including my parents'  own home.    The remaining 10 rental properties were in various states of disrepair and needed:    • New Roofing  • Electrical Upgrades  • Plumbing Upgrades  • Flooring (Wood, Tile, Capet)  • New Double Glazed Windows and Doors  • Internal and External paint and Wallpaper  • Kitchen, Bathroom and Restroom renovations  • New Appliance  • Central Heating Systems  In my role a Facilities Project Manager for these properties, my responsibilities included:    • Vendor Selection and Management  • Budget Tracking  • Invoices  • Bookkeeping  • Project Management & Planning  • Tenant Liaison  • Contractor Liaison IT Project Manager - Infrastructure CHRISTUS Health Corporate - Irving, TX May 2013 to January 2015 Christus Health was 'born' over 100 years ago, with three nuns who set up a clinic to care for victims of a hurricane in Galveston Texas. The clinic grew and expanded throughout TX, LA and beyond, now employing more that 30,000 staff who care for patients from Urgent Care to the most sophisticated of procedures and surgeries.    • Interview Project Sponsors and Stakeholder to ascertain business requirements  • Prepare project documentation; Project Charter, Project Plan, WBS, Project Dashboard and Business Requirements Documents  • Gather Project Resources, conduct kick-off meetings and weekly project status meetings  • Initiate, plan, monitor and execute projects following PMI/PMBOK guidelines  • Monitor multiple hardware refresh and software upgrade projects on a daily basis  • Budget Tracking  • Contract Negotiation, vendor management  • Communicate with project team members at all levels, including regional and system directors, middle and senior management, education, technical and support staff  • Execute and close project. Transition to support.    Ø• Multiple clinical systems successfully upgraded PACS & CPACS  (Various versions.  Ø• Operational Infrastructure upgrades  Ø• Perused contracts and regularly found pricing errors, resulting in reduced financial outlay for the organization  Ø• Multiple Kudos awards from colleagues, customers, managers and directors  Summary  • Projects: Infrastructure Upgrades - Clinical Integration - Hardware Rollouts - Mergers and Acquisitions - Office Relocations - Network & Cabling Installations.  • Budgets: $250k to $2m.  • Specifics: Vendor Management - Contract Negotiation - Chair k/o & Status Meetings - Produce Project Documentation Inc. Project Charter, status reports, communication plan, Risk Management Plan.  • Project Teams: 25 - 35 Inc. C Level Execs, Dept. Management, Engineers, Technicians, Clinical Staff, System Admins, Super-users, and Vendors.  • Concurrent Projects: 21    Christus Health Environment:  Desktop & Servers: Windows 10. MS Office. MS Project '10. UNIX. Windows Server. Share Pont, Service Now.  • Network: Cisco hardware CAT 5e Cabling. Wi-Fi. VMWare ESXi 5.5 GA  • Cath Lab - Merge Cardiology CPACS v6.1, 6.3, 6.9.  • Radiology Systems: McKesson PACS v6.3, 9.0, 11.8, 11.9. IT Project Manager - Infrastructure Flowserve Oil and Gas - Irving, TX August 2012 to January 2013 Pinnacle Data Center Solutions is based in Palm Desert CA. The company is ran by the founder and CEO, who has a considerable 35 years experience in the fields of networking,  data centers and disaster recovery.    • Ascertain Data Center Infrastructure and Disaster Recovery project requirements  • Coordinate Data Center moves and implement hardware and software rollouts  • Generate Project Charter, SOW and Project Plans  • Build project teams, lead daily meetings and track multiple project progress and budgets  • Adhere to the PMBOK methods of project management, Waterfall and/or Agile Scrum  methodologies, depending on size and scope of project. Communicate with external vendors, internal staff and technicians    Summary  • Projects: Infrastructure Upgrades - Data Center Moves & Build outs - Disaster Recovery.  • Budgets: $100k to $1m.  • Project Teams: 15 - 20 Inc. C Level Execs, Dept. Management, Engineers, Technicians, System Admins, Super-users, Disaster Recovery staff.  • Concurrent Projects: 11    Pinnacle Data Center Solutions Environment:  • Desktop & Servers: Windows 7. MS Office. MS Project '10. UNIX. Windows 2000 Server.  • Network: Cisco hardware CAT 5e Cabling. Wi-Fi. IT Project Manager - Networks San Antonio Network Solutions - Plano, TX October 2007 to August 2012 San Antonio Network Solutions began as a two-man team in 1995. Since then they have enjoyed significant growth and are now one of the go-to Network Solution providers in the North Texas area. Now strategically HQ'd in Plano Texas, they are capitalizing on Texas' rapid growth.    • Meet with clients, contractors and vendors to ascertain specific requirements for conversion and renovation projects.  • Build project team; provide relevant documentation and chair kick-off and weekly status meetings.  • Assign and oversee tasks to individual team members.  • Present project plan and updates as necessary to client. Client staff meetings would regularly include C level execs, area managers, clinical and end user staff.  • Specialized in providing phone and data connection to convert commercial areas to medical and office spaces.  • Comm. room design and buildout, structured cabling and wireless coordination, coordinate connection to service providers and hardware rollout,  • Generate and track budgets.  • Coordinate final installation with space planners and furniture installers.    Summary  • Projects: Network & Cabling Installations. Office Relocations.  • Budgets: $250k to $2m.  • Project Teams: 15 - 25 Inc. C Level Execs, Dept. Management, Engineers, Technicians, System Admins, and Super-users.  • Concurrent Projects: 10    San Antonio Network Solutions Environment: IT Project Manager - Infrastructure Cedars Sinai Medical Center - Los Angeles, CA December 2000 to October 2007 Cedars-Sinai is one of the largest nonprofit academic medical centers in the U.S., with 886 licensed beds, 2,100 physicians, 2,800 nurses and thousands of other healthcare  professionals and staff.    • Planned and coordinated the installation and subsequent administration of GE Mac-Lab Hemodynamic patient data recording and storage systems and PACS, for 7 digital Cath Labs for $30M Cardiac Cath Lab dept. remodel.  • Responsible for coordinating the installation of Clinical Systems, network cabling, network hardware upgrades and the installation and configuration of user desktop and Cath Lab equipment.  • Clinical Systems required regular updating of user groups and permissions. Liaison to vendor installation engineers during server and hardware upgrades, repairs and general system maintenance.    Ø• Project completed on time and on budget. Presented with CIO Outstanding  Achievement Award  Ø• Successful Systems Administration provides the resources to help  complete over 300 successful Cardiac Cath Lab procedures weekly  Ø• Individually negotiated a reduction in new equipment purchase from $250k to $64k, saving $186k    Systems Business Analyst @ Cedars Sinai  • Key liaison between Senior Physicians and Software Programmers, Systems Analysts and Developers to build programs conversant with user and HIPPA requirements. Provide direct  end user support and coordinate and assist in end user training  • Audit, report on and analyze key issues and suggest remediation steps  • Support the clinical user base as well as in assisting with troubleshooting data issues and provided vendor support  • Implemented HIPPA compliant digital report generation system, to replace existing dictation  system, using SDLC methodology    IT Project Management Duties @ Cedars Sinai  • Employed to coordinate installation of new infrastructure for new construction and renovation projects, the roll-out of IT equipment and to facilitate department moves  • Worked closely with the client including; Medical Directors, Managers, Clinical Staff and System Administrators  • Attend Phase-Gate Meetings  • Possess strong analytical skills, excellent written and oral communication skills, the ability to prioritize tasks and projects with varying priorities in a deadline-oriented environment and the discretion to know when to act independently and when to escalate to senior management  • Continuous monitoring of multiple projects through all phases, from initial planning to go-live, along with the ability to multi-task and meet project deliverables and drive project timelines  • Position also demanded flexibility, a customer-focus approach, accuracy and attention to detail  • Prepare telecom and data connectivity in offices and clinical areas during construction and/or renovations  • Supervise structured low voltage telecommunications cabling installation on multiple projects  • Day-to-day liaison with Facilities Construction Management. Track multiple projects and budgets  • Responsible for coordinating Vendor technician visits. Supervise Data Technicians during department moves and new installations  • Coordinated multiple data center footprint preparation and server installations    Key Results @ Cedars Sinai  • IT Project Manager for $15M Mental Health Facility patient care area remodel. Scope required relocation of telecommunications room & network equipment. Project scope also required the purchase and installation of the multiple user desktop equipment.  Ø• Presented with CIO Outstanding Achievement Award. 2002    • IT Project Manager for multiple office relocations; the most significant being a 400 person move of the entire finance dept. Project scope required communication room build out, with new network equipment and structured cabling installation  Ø• Project completed on time and under budget. Presented with 'Standing  Ovation Award' from Finance Dept. Director    • Lead Project Manager for network & hardware upgrade & Implementation for $100m  Computerized Physician Order Entry (CPOE) system  Ø• Project scope changed multiple times due to software challenges. Project  successfully completed. Presented with CIO 'Extra Mile Award for Outstanding Achievement' 2003    Summary  • Projects: New building and renovation IT Prep - Clinical Integration - Infrastructure Upgrades - Hardware Rollouts - Mergers and Acquisitions - Office Relocations - Network & Cabling Installations.  • Specifics: Vendor Management - Contract Negotiation - Data Center Installations - Chair k/o & Status Meetings - Produce Project Documentation Inc. Project Charter, status reports, communication plan, Risk Management Plan.  • Budgets: $250k to $5m.  • Project Teams: 10 - 25 Inc. C Level Execs, Dept. Management, Engineers, Technicians, Clinical Staff, System Admins, Super-users and Vendors.  • Other: Clinical Sys Admin - 4 yrs.  • Concurrent Projects: 15 Project Manager - Construction FireScan Installations - London June 1994 to June 2000 England    FireScan Installations, established in 1989, is responsible for the 'hidden' fire safety doors, ducts and barriers hidden behind the walls of many of London's high rise commercial  buildings and military bases throughout England and Scotland.    • Tasked with overall project planning and scheduling, resource allocation, project accounting, and control  • Provide technical direction and ensure compliance with quality standards  • Oversee the construction project from initial planning to completion  • Budgeting preparation and Tracking  • WBS Preparation  • Communicate effectively with architects, contractors, clients and installation engineers Education MSc in Health Informatics University of CA Postgraduate Diploma in Marketing DeMontfort University B.A. in Business Finance University of Surrey Certifications/Licenses Agile ScrumMaster April 2019 to Present