IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager - CPT NETWORK SOLUTIONS Rolling Meadows, IL Work Experience IT Project Manager CPT NETWORK SOLUTIONS August 2017 to Present • Manage New Construction Retail Store Network Equipment Installations Nationwide  • Worked closely with the General Contractor and various trades to coordinate Low Voltage/Speaker  and Audio Installation.  • Coordinate access to facilities with mall management  • Coordinate demarc extensions for fiber and copper circuits  • Determine and mark up station, AP and speaker locations on floor plans using Visio  • Review full Scope or Work with customers and Solutions Engineering team  • Allocate and assign Local Contractors based on skill set and SOW requirements  • Negotiate installation contacts with local contractors to ensure high margins and profitable installations  • Provide SOW and Completed Floor Plans to local contracors to ensure successful  installations.  • Manage Retail Network System Upgrade Rollout - Switch/Router replacements for up to 200stores,  • Conduct Project Kick-off Meetings with the customers  • Conduct Project Kcik-off meetings with various departments within our company to discuss SOW and customer expectations  • Assign Project Coordinators Various Tasks to follow up and complete during the project timeline.  • Provide customer required deliverables/as-builts IT Project Manager XCUTEL, LLC - Rolling Meadows, IL January 2016 to August 2017 • Installations of Avaya Telephone Systems, Paging Systems, Wireless Access Points, and misc. telephony equipment and peripherals from project commencement to completion.  • Manage low voltage cabling installations for large warehouse facilities and high rise buildings.  • Work closely with the sales and engineering teams to draft a scope of work based on customer requirements for all telephony  and data installations of new/remodel stores.  • Performed customer kick-off meetings to review the SOW and schedule in full detail prior to commencement.  • Obtain local working permits as necessary.  • Negotiate material pricing with various supply houses/vendors. Purchase, receive and allocate inventory to assigned projects.  • Ensure all material and equipment required for the project is on site in preparation for project commencement.  • Work within a proposed budget while consistently maintaining a high profit margin.  • Frequent travel to job sites to ensure quality installations.  • Provide product specification sheets, installation photos and checklists as deliverables/ project closeouts.  • Perform post-installation walk-thru with customer to verify work completed met or exceeded expectations. Operations Manager-Telecom Division GEARY ELECTRIC, INC - Northbrook, IL October 2012 to February 2015 This was a lateral move and this position entails of much of the same responsibilities as my previous position at CrossCom  National. However, we also perform Corporate Office Installations of Telephone and Paging Systems, Data equipment and peripherals to include fiber backbone cables, electrical equipment such as transformers, lighting and underground power. I am  fortunate to learn new traits and enhance my knowledge and experience in the communications division and learn more of the electrical field as I managed electrical and low voltage/communication installations.  • Responsible for scheduling field technicians for Service/MAC work for all of our customers.  • Required extensive contact with General Contractors and field personnel to coordinate and schedule installations/MAC work  • Work with local city ordinance to obtain local working permits as necessary specific to each project.  • Obtain Certificate Of Insurance as necessary for high rise/multiple tenant buildings as required by building  management.  • Ensure the field technicians have the skill set to perform successful installations  • Ensure the field tech technician have the scope of work, floor plans, and customer contact information in order to complete the work required successfully and per customer requirements.  • Provide As-Built drawings and submittals to reflect the completed projects as they are installed. Project Manager CROSSCOM NATIONAL, LLC - Buffalo Grove, IL June 1999 to October 2012 Account Executive Project Coordinator    • Manage New Store Installations of Telephone and Paging Systems, Data and POS equipment and peripherals from project  commencement to completion.  • Manage Telecom Moves, Adds and Changes (MAC) for Retail Chain Stores nationwide.  • Work with Avaya, Nortel, Meridian, Panasonic, Toshiba, and Lucent Telephone Systems; and Zebra and Catalina printers.  • Work closely with the sales and engineering teams to draft a scope of work based on customer requirements for all telephony  and data installations of new/remodel stores.  • Performed staging and system configuration specific to each site.  • Ensure all material and equipment required for the project is on site in preparation for project commencement.  • Review and mark store specific floor plans, identifying locations for Low Voltage/Fiber Optic cables and equipment to be  installed.  • Work with local city ordinance to obtain local working permits as necessary.  • Negotiate, contract and assign Subcontractors based on the criteria/skill level for the scope of work to be performed.  • Manage project milestones closely to ensure on time completion and provide deliverables to our customers based on SOW.  • Extensive contact with General Contractors, 3rd party vendors and field service personnel to ensure timelines and schedules  are met.  • Work within a proposed budget while consistently maintaining a high profit margin.  • Frequent travel to job sites to ensure quality installations.  • Utilize CrossInform to update customers with real-time on site installation progress daily.  • As an Account Executive - Train and develop Project Coordinators and Service Representatives, building a high performance  team in a fast paced environment.  • Project closeout calls with customers to ensure expectations are met and/or exceeded.  • Review and approve customer billing for accurate pricing and discounts. Customer Service Representative BOSCH POWER TOOLS - Chicago, IL October 1995 to May 1999 Customer Service  Manager National Acct Coordinator    • Handled price quotations, customer inquiries on shipment status, special orders and product information.  • Conducted and motivated CSR dept. to perform at high standard and provide the utmost customer service to internal and external customers.  • Customer Service Department Manager; managed a team of 30 CSRs to include a Co-Op group in MO and NV. Traveled  monthly to ensure team productivity and quality service.  • Responsible for training new employees, revising procedural changes and policy revisions.  • Managed daily operations, schedule, and distributed accounts as necessary.  • Conducted customer visits and maintained daily contact with customers to ensure/maintain and improve customer relations.  • Drafted monthly reports on sales progress and profit margins, and distributed to National Account Managers.  • Acted as a liaison between Field Sales and customer for the purpose of satisfying customers' needs.  • Review orders for proper pricing, promotions and special requests.  • Provided customers with detailed information on products and replacement parts available.  • Resolved discrepancies resulting form non-deliver, shortages and shipment tracking requests. Education Business Information Systems DeVRY UNIVERSITY Chicago - Chicago, IL Project Management Professional LOYOLA UNIVERSITY CHICAGO - Chicago, IL Skills VISIO, SAP, TYPING, MICROSOFT WORD, WORD