Project Manager / Business Analyst <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> / Business Analyst Project Manager / Business Analyst Matthews, NC Work Experience Project Manager / Business Analyst High Jump Corp 1992 to 2016 Supported 35 distribution companies with annual sales of 80 to 900 million. Software allowed the companies to become more proficient and increase annual sales revenue. Installed and supported the purchasing, order entry, inventory control, accounts receivable, warehousing, invoicing, discounting and sales reporting. Customized software was necessary for each company depending on the types of discounts authorized and the tax laws mandated in each state. Reports were customized for every distributor.  • Modified RPG400 and QCL for customer customization from headquarters and on-site locations.  • Supervised and had hands on-installation of AS400, consisting of sub-systems, user profile and operating system upgrades.  • AS/400 connections were utilized to set up PC networks through client access, Cisco, TCP/IP, Query and VPN.  • HighJump grew from 20 distributors in 1992 to 35 in 2009.  • Created software for Red Bull expanding software to four additional distributors.    508 Devonport Drive • Matthews, NC 28104 • ken.taylor508@gmail.com • (704) 821-7763 IT Director Murray Distributing Company 1990 to 1992 Responsibility includes Installation of software packages, supporting the JD Edwards software, purchasing, general ledger, accounts receivable, accounts payable, order entry, invoicing and warehousing.  • Conversion of IBM AS400, B35, to AS400, D45 with 48MG, 6.0GB of disk.  • Maintained PCs and RPG400 programs  • Enhanced system functionality with MSI hand held order entry machines.  • Troubleshoot customer hardware and infrastructure problems.  • Trained users on software applications.  • Supervised 3 programmers and 10 data entry employees.  • Conversion of Basic 4 System to IBM AS/400 Self Employed Self Employed 1988 to 1990 Computer Consultant    Created a customized veterinary medical supply on-line distribution system sold for use on IBM System 36 to distribution companies.  • Packages consisted of inventory control, purchasing, accounts receivable, accounts payable, general ledger, invoicing and RPGII.  • Distribution grew to 8 companies in two years.  • Designed inventory control program for Pic N Pay. Cost was reduced from .35 to .10 per SKU record saving the company 100K annually. IT Director Southeastern Medical Supply 1979 to 1988 SMS had one branch location. Deficiencies caused incorrect information on reports. Programs analyzed and corrupt files corrected. Designed system with online order entry system with live inventory, accounts receivable, purchasing, invoicing and warehousing.  • Company grew from one to 22 branches  • Gross sales grew from 18m to 475m within two years  • Grew to third largest veterinary distributor    System 36, 4 MG, 1200 MG, direct on-line communication system from the main office controlling processing of all branches. I managed the IT department, consisting of the main office and 22 branch locations throughout the United States. My responsibilities included hardware, personnel and software design. Education Associate Degree Institute of Computer Management - Pittsburgh, PA Information Technology Central Piedmont Community College - Charlotte, NC Additional Information Goal-oriented and dynamic Manager with extensive experience in Information Technology, Sales and Customer Service.  • Skilled at analyzing business processes and procedures and recommending solutions that improve business results and operational effectiveness.  • Instrumental in seeing multiple projects through from start to finish. Duties have included creating project plans, supervising project staff, and determining needs and corresponding solutions, while maintaining strict budgetary requirements.  • Successfully migrate data and implement the Wine and Spirits Software, Roadnet, Beverage Data Reporting, VIP Reporting, Red Bull Software and Inventiv Software.  • Effectively coordinate with staff utilizing excellent written and verbal communication skills.  • Extensive computer skills including proficiency in Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, Outlook, SQL, JD Edwards, XP, Lotus Notes, RPG 400, RPG III, RPGLE, Cisco, VPN, TCP/IP, QCL, SDLC, Query and COBOL.  • Hardware skills including IBM main frames, IBM I, eserver i5, iSeries, OS/AS400, WebSphere, System 36 and PC networking.