Sr. Project Manager Sr. <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager Costa Mesa, CA I'm a motivated IT professional with many years' experience in project management and other disciplines and I'm currently looking for new opportunities.     RECENT CAREER HIGHLIGHTS   • Deployment of Avecto Defendpoint (2018/19) • Active directory optimization project (2019) • Implemented Salesforce and completed 100 hours Salesforce admin training (2018) • Development of disaster recovery plan for large University. (2017) • Development of physical "runbook" for large university. (2017) • Development of business continuity plan for large university. (2017) • Nation wide network (Cisco) refresh project including SD WAN and QoS (2016) • Implementation of new supply chain management program (2016) • AD to cloud (Azure) (2017) • Deployment of Palo Alto firewalls (2016) • Deployment of FireEye security appliance (2016) • Implementation of HP Autonomy content management system (2014) • ServiceNow implementation for IBM (2013) • Implementation of large asset management software tool (Symantec) • Website development and content for fortune 500 company IT department (2012) • Supported development and implementation of several software and SQL database deployments (2011) • Requirements and test cases for major SaaS implementation (ServiceNow - 2011) • Successful RFI, RFO and POC on various IT inventory control solutions • Successful deployment of SaaS based CMDB/CMS with SQL database • Policy and procedures development for SLM and comprehensive IT asset programs • Development of forecasts, budgets, roadmaps and executive presentations thereof Work Experience Sr. Project Manager Corelogic - Irvine, CA August 2018 to Present 1. Currently managing large deployment of Avecto Defendpoint privilege management (security) to thousands of enterprise endpoints worldwide. Developed project plan, requirements, weekly status reporting, client communications, risk log, remediation efforts.   2. Managing active directory (AD) optimization project. This project is on schedule and budget.  Sr. IT Project Manager / PMO Manager Cloudify - Irvine, CA January 2017 to July 2018 Responsible for providing value-based IT consulting services for major accounts customers. Involved in every level of client engagement from sales through service delivery on projects ranging from business intelligence and ITIL process assessments to migration to cloud (SaaS) based platforms. Intimately involved in IT strategy assessments for large organizations involving customer senior executives. IT Project / Program Manager Molina Healthcare - Long Beach, CA June 2016 to December 2016 Responsible for management of a nationwide healthcare provider's IT Network refresh and upgrade projects. The program encompasses hundreds of sites, in dozens of states, and includes core switch refresh, QoS, and SD WAN implementations. Managed scope, resources, budget, schedule and risk. The project budget is > $15 Million, with dozens of resources and vendors in support. In concurrence, successfully managed a supply chain management (SCM) implementation project to transfer responsibility of asset management to WWT Inc. Sr. IT Project Manager / PMO manager Cloudify, Inc - Costa Mesa, CA May 2013 to June 2016 Responsible for providing value-based IT consulting services for major accounts customers. Involved in every level of client engagement from sales through service delivery on projects ranging from business intelligence and ITIL process assessments to migration to cloud (SaaS) based platforms. Intimately involved in IT strategy assessments for large organizations involving customer senior executives. Sr. Project Manager IBM Global Services August 2012 to May 2013 Project manager with responsibility for implementation of five module ServiceNow SaaS instance, replacing Remedy. This was a seven-month project which the customer required to be complete in three months. Managing a difficult technical implementation on a very compressed schedule, limited resources, with numerous integrations and complex security requirements. Service Level Manager, IT Asset Manager & Software Asset Manager Corelogic - Santa Ana, CA March 2006 to July 2012 Responsible for comprehensive enterprise service level management (SLM) program including the development of SLAs and OLAs, catalog of services, customer surveys, and balanced scorecards. Possess expert level experience in writing and negotiating complex service level agreements and providing service performance reporting for IT organizations. Managed IT Finance team using Oracle Financials. Many years experience in managing professional staff, budgets, forecasts, and meeting strategic objectives. Experienced at managing service levels for 3rd party IT vendors and ensuring full remedy is recovered for service level breeches. Intimately involved in procurement of IT assets from RFI and through asset implementation.    Skilled policy and procedure writer, responsible for the control of IT inventory for managed service provider with many thousands of IT assets. Very experienced at managing large and diverse group of IT inventory and systems administrators providing inventory data to engineering and financial areas. Familiar with most IT inventory software solutions providing hardware, software and licensing data. Successfully executed numerous software licensing true ups (Microsoft) and reconciliations. Very familiar with the administration of IT maintenance and lease agreements across IT service organization. Project Manager & Vendor Manager Bear Stearns (Encore) Corporation - Irvine, CA May 2004 to February 2006 Fully involved with the implementation and support of retail and wholesale mortgage processing systems (Empower) including; development of business and functional requirements, use cases and UAT. Performed necessary problem solving and incident management of mortgage systems to bring systems back online. Responsible for stakeholder interviews, system configuration changes, updates and compliance audits. Fully trained and certified in FCRA. Project Manager, PMO Toyota Financial Services - Torrance, CA May 1996 to May 2004 Responsible for development of detailed functional requirements, project plans, scope documents, budgets and schedules for high dollar IT projects. Lead numerous IT projects from kick-off through lessons learned. Developed and distributed project related communications. Assisted in successful implementation of Oracle ERP. Worked closely with sponsors, stakeholders, technical teams and vendors to ensure the successful completion of IT projects. Able to multi-task and carry several high-profile projects concurrently. Education MBA in management California State University Dominguez Hills - Carson, CA Skills Project Management (10+ years), Disaster Recovery (3 years), Service Level Manageent (7 years), Asset Management (8 years), Business Continuity (3 years), Strategic Planning (5 years), Program Management (5 years), Information Technology (10+ years), Project Management (10+ years), SDLC, Itil (10+ years), Waterfall, Software Development, Implementation (8 years), Cloud Computing (6 years), Vendor Management (10+ years), Salesforce (1 year), Insurance (10+ years), AUTOMOTIVE (10+ years), salesforce (1 year), PM Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/ericmagness Military Service Branch: US Army Service Country: United States Rank: E4 Certifications/Licenses ITIL FCRA HIPPA Salesforce.com Certified Administrator Present Assessments CRM Skills with Salesforce — Expert July 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to demonstrate a knowledge of Salesforce objects, fields, and processes. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/pck2rixpejjdy-ir Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Groups American Legion Post 291 Newport Beach, CA