Project Management Office - Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> Management Office - <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Management Office - Project Manager - ARMY & AIR FORCE EXCHANGE SERVICE Grand Prairie, TX Expertise in managing, leading and developing application software projects at major worldwide retailers and manufacturers. Proficient in all phases of the software development lifecycle. Adept in a project / resource manager position, with equally solid technical base built upon 30+ years Supply Chain replenishment / distribution.    Success founded on ability to analyze business requirements and work with the business and IT teams to deliver the expected technical solution that matches the requisite business need. Effective communicator at all levels (board, management, clients, associates, contractors, vendors). Able to provide and receive feedback in a manner that is conducive to forward progress. Time-tested ability to see the forest and the trees - and differentiate one from the other.    TECHNICAL EXPERIENCE    Software/Databases: MS Office, Oracle, MS Project, SSIS, CRM, Microsoft SQL Server, .Net Framework, SAP, IMS, DB2, CA Clarity, Primavera, EDI, Visio, Bizagi, Office 365 w/ Project Enterprise Work Experience Project Management Office - Project Manager ARMY & AIR FORCE EXCHANGE SERVICE - Dallas, TX March 2016 to Present Automated CONUS Concessions  • Managed fast-track delivery of business and functional requirements for development of a new tablet-based Concessions Point-of-Sale application.  ? Design requirements developed to provide a web-based application to accommodate fee-based concessionaires of varying business functions selling their products or services at 1,500+ locations on Army/Air Force military bases through the Continental U.S.  ? Concession business functions include:  * Laundry and Dry Cleaning with (or without) Alterations  * Commodity Retail Cash and Carry  * Services only (examples are Watch Repair, Jewelry Repair, Cell-Phone Repair, Auto Enhancement and Automotive After-Market Accessories)  * Commodity and Services (examples are Trophy sales w/engraving, Embroidery and Art and Framing)  * Services with Tips (Barber Shops, Beauty and Nail Salons)  ? Leveraging existing AAFES Networking, the developed solution provides the targeted concessionaires an alternative to their prior electronic registers.  Fuel EMV  • Management of 3-phased effort to ensure PCI compliance for the October 2020 mandated EMV enablement for retail fuel pay-at-pump sales.  ? Coordination of hardware deployment to 200+ fuel locations worldwide (1700+ dispensers total) that provides an IX Pay secure payment solution with enhanced pin pads, hybrid chip card readers, contactless NFC readers and media streaming of directed advertisements with other entertainment, sports and weather content for enhanced customer experience. Status: 98% complete  ? Manage development and testing of pay-at-the-pump software solution that removes AAFES POS from PCI Scope. Status: Currently in regression testing. Anticipate Beta and Pilot deployments in October 2019  ? EMV Enablement - Preliminary discussions with all software and hardware vendor partners are complete. Contract negotiations for this phase set to finalize in November 2019.  ? Responsibility for delivery of all project artifacts  ? Creation and maintenance of detailed project plans (MS Project Enterprise) and milestone roadmaps that communicate both phase and project completion expectations.  ? Dashboard communication to AAFES executives, project sponsors and key stakeholders of project budget, resource, scope and schedule status. Senior IT Project Manager TUESDAY MORNING - Dallas, TX July 2014 to March 2016 • Creation and maintenance of detailed project plans and milestone roadmaps that communicates corporate project phase deliverables and completion expectations.  • Align Micros development and corporate testing resources commensurate with project phase timelines to ensure implementation of applicable changes into production meets defined threshold.  • Multi- project financial tracking and budget maintenance.  • Defining and prioritizing system issues and enhancement requests.  • Overseeing related development activities (both internal and external).  • Ensure project and process quality.  • Fall 2014 release of temporary price reductions enhancements and receipt modifications to all 800+ US stores. Instituting POS release cadence that did not previously exist. Partnership with Bank of America Merchant Services September 2015 to December 2015 First Data and Micros to deliver a reusable, stored value Gift Card and Merchandise Credit card offering to the Tuesday Morning customer in Fall 2015. Provides significant upgrade to prior gift certificates or store credit alternative on paper.  • Manage the 800+ store Windows XP to Windows7 conversion of all back-office PCs in Spring 2014  • Manage the hardware acquisition, vendor selection, deployment and installation processes for Encryption/Tokenization to all 800+ stores by March 2016 IT Project Manager MICHAELS INC - Irving, TX February 2013 to July 2014 • Responsibility for delivery of business objectives by leading the Store Systems Point-of-Sale project team through the PMO phases of the project life cycle.  • Managed an application development team consisting of developers, BAs, Testers and Vendors all inclusive of on-site, on-shore and offshore resources.  • Creation and maintenance of detailed project plans and milestone roadmaps that communicates multi-theater (US and Canada) project phase deliverables and completion expectations.  • Align development and QA resources commensurate with project phase timelines to ensure implementation of applicable changes into production meets defined threshold.  • Multi- project financial tracking and budget maintenance.  • Defining and prioritizing system issues and enhancement requests.  • Overseeing related development activities (both internal and external).  • Ensure project and process quality.  • Quarterly release management of key project deliverables to all geographical theaters (US and Canada).  • A $500K annual savings in POS receipt paper cost saving through the implementation of a receipts consolidation enhancement that removed 5 inches of text from every receipt containing Coupon and Returns policy.  • Referred the customers to the Michaels.COM URL instead.  • Managed the 900+-store POS OS upgrades delivery in partnership with multiple 3rd-party vendors.  • Managed the 1100+ store Windows XP to Windows7 conversion  • End-of-Day process improvements that optimized throughput of overnight EOD, Item/Pricing/Promotion maintenance activities.  • Implemented migration from Michaels-hosted credit switch processing to external vendor (AJB) hosting.  • Implemented SVS Gift Card processing to US stores.  • Partnership with IBM for development of program modifications supporting enhanced multi-level discounting for Buy A / Get B as well as Buy More / Save More promotions.  • Development and testing of Canadian Penny Rounding enhancement Business Systems Modernization Project - Cutover Execution Team Lead BELL HELICOPTER - Hurst, TX October 2011 to February 2013 • On loan to BSM project - the largest IT conversion effort in recent Bell history.  • Business Systems Modernization will ultimately complete the retirement of all Bell Legacy mainframe applications with their conversion to SAP, Enovia, the interfaces between those systems and the interface conversions to/from other legacy applications.  • Team lead responsibility for ongoing maintenance and execution of large MS Project plan for testing / validation of all BSM conversion and interface activity.  • The project plan is a milestone-driven division of Gate execution whereby pre-cycle data capture is followed by test and production cycle builds, systems conversion testing, conversion data validation, business user signoffs (by conversion effort), Pre-Cutover and Production Cutover task execution and, ultimately, the retirement/sun setting of the affected legacy mainframe applications. conversion to .Net - IT Project Manager Expense Chargeback System October 2011 to August 2012 • As part of the BSM effort (mainframe displacement and conversion to SAP, Enovia, etc.), specific mainframe applications not subject to retirement are being converted to either a client-server of web-based platform.  • The Expense Chargeback application processes monthly charges for associate long distance, cell phone, pager and PC charges.  • SAP is the final downstream recipient of captured, validated and distributed charge data by cost center.  • Responsibilities for this effort included project and resource management through all phases of development from Business Case and Project Initiation, Business Requirements validation, Functional and Technical Design through the Development, Testing, UAT and Deployment of the new .Net equivalent.  • Cost and Schedule performance tracking on target for BSM deployment in August 2012. IT Project Manager RFID for Rotors (Blades) Manufacturing Facility December 2011 to July 2012 • Interface updates to existing Pick Ticket Management System to track parts and conveyance (cart) movement from Bell's Centralized Distribution Center (CDC) to the Rotors Manufacturing facility in Hurst, TX.  • Responsible for managing the acquisition, order, receipt and installation of hardware and software for enabling the RFID instance at Rotors.  • RFID activity at Rotors tracks the receipt of parts and conveyances from CDC, the conveyance movement through the manufacturing facility to the supermarket holding area, the printing of RFID scan labels, the addition and inventory update of Rotors fabricated parts to the conveyance, the depletion of component parts from the conveyance when the complete blade kits are ready for assembly and, finally, the tracking of the cart return from Rotors to CDC.  • Collaborated with OAT Systems in Waltham, MA - an RFID software solution provider to fast track the system setup for a 90-day proof of concept pilot commencing April 16, 2012.  • Dual project plans maintained in both Primavera (Bell) and MS Project for OAT Systems. Metrics for cost and schedule performance continue to match exactly to plan. Rewards Member Loyalty Project - IT Project Manager MICHAELS INC - Irving, TX January 2011 to October 2011 • CRM Marketing initiative to develop new Loyalty program that rewards high-valued repeat customers and fosters increased sales from new customers through discount savings at the register for Loyalty-enrolled members.  • Managed project development and execution of loyalty and targeted-marketing strategies. Launched expansion of the Michaels Rewards(TM) customer loyalty program - results that saw the program grow from 250K to 2.2M customer members in 3 ½ months.  • Cross-functional IT lead on agency transition for all technology related to CRM infrastructure including email platform, POS modifications, CRM loyalty engine, and customer facing micro-sites utilizing web services for B2B communications, SSIS, Microsoft SQL Server, .Net framework with SFTP file transfer protocol.  • Developed targeted marketing email program strategy designed to transform one-size fits all approach into dynamic and relevant communication plan leveraging transactional data, budget management, agency management, staff management.  • Project and resource management for 4 distinctly separate, but dedicated teams of developers. Project scope entailed numerous changes to the IBM 4690 Point-of-Sale application, loyalty member and customer care web-site development and interfaces to a 3rd-party Loyalty engine provider.  • Development and maintenance of tight project schedule(s) using both @Task and MS Project portfolio management software.  • Tracked on-schedule progress and total project expenditures through all phases of customer's "Framework" SDLC methodology - from the Ramp-Up and Analysis phase, through Design and into Build, Testing and Deployment phases.  • Close coordination with IT VP and Chief Marketing Officer. Defined and communicated project risks. Identified methods to mitigate risk via design and development alternatives.  • Timely reporting of progress towards key project milestones. ARMY & AIR FORCE EXCHANGE SERVICE - Dallas, TX February 1982 to December 2010 IT Project Manager ARMY & AIR FORCE EXCHANGE SERVICE - Fort Gillem, GA 2008 to 2010 • Once interim warehouse lease facility chosen, funded and leased, selected as IT Project Manager to coordinate new facility infrastructure setup and legacy supply-chain and fiscal system application modifications for decommissioning of old facility and transition to new mechanized warehouse in Morrow, Ga.  • Responsibilities included resource management (of 26 associates and contractors) using CA Clarity / Open Workbench and tracking project status with budget/timeline updates to CIO project dashboard. IT Project Manager ARMY & AIR FORCE EXCHANGE SERVICE 2008 to 2009 • With the SAFE Port Act of 2006, the Department of Homeland Security and U.S. Customs and Border Protection mandated new customs changes (known also as "10+2") to keep U.S. ports secure by providing advance shipment data.  • Modifications were required for all replenishment processes (all platforms) that create purchase orders or amendments sent to import suppliers.  • Coordinated import document filing updates via SFTP with licensed 3rd-party customs broker.  • Oracle-Retail based updates of harmonized tariff schedule product codes FTP'd to legacy apps for non-Oracle order processing.  • Responsibilities included resource management (of 34 associates and contractors) using CA Clarity / Open Workbench and tracking project status with budget/timeline updates to CIO project dashboard. Management System - IT Replenishment Team Lead ARMY & AIR FORCE EXCHANGE SERVICE 2006 to 2007 • Functional and technical specs developed for modifications to legacy supply-chain processes to accept Retek replenishment and allocation purchase orders.  • Control procedures developed to manage Retek cutover processes that disabled legacy replenishment by a variety of factors (supplier, store, dept) when activated in Retek. Store Replenishment Section Chief ARMY & AIR FORCE EXCHANGE SERVICE 1993 to 2007 • Primary responsibilities were the supervision of 14 subordinates and contractors.  • Key accomplishments during this period were.  • Warehouse Replenishment System implementation - mix/max processes used to automatically replenish warehouse stock.  • Using established reorder points and factoring vendor-to-warehouse lead-times, generated warehouse stock order requirements for just-in-time delivery.  • Sales Based Replenishment - daily analysis of onhand and duein store stock position used to either push warehouse stock to stores or create vendor-direct (to store) order requirements.  • Master Data Management (MDM) responsibilities included management of Vendor and Facility Master File (IMS Database) updates  • Purchase Order Rewrite - with 8 legacy processes (pre-Retek) used to create vendor purchase orders, developed one common method for creating a printed or electronic EDI 850 purchase order with EDI 856 (ASN), EDI 860 (Amendment) and EDI 810 (Invoice) support.  • Vendor Managed Inventory (VMI) - daily evaluation of store and warehouse stock position (onhands / dueins) transmitted with sales (or issues) via EDI 852 by item-location to suppliers at daily, weekly or monthly frequency.  • Many suppliers, primarily the fragrance vendors, in turn used the sales/issues data for EDI 855 order fulfillment.  • STO/VES (Store Order / Vendor Ship) - provided a method for the stores to communicate their vendor drop-ship order needs for merchandise not on auto-replenishment.  • Used virtual warehouse database of orderable items that stores are authorized to order against. ARMY & AIR FORCE EXCHANGE SERVICE 2005 to 2006 • Coordinated enterprise-wide elimination of legacy PO number intelligence (destination, po type, etc.).  • PO number range structures developed to accomodate both Retek and legacy order processes.  • Retek Manual PO interfaces to legacy PO Write developed to enable print, EDI transmission, amendment, ASN, payment and receipt processes. ARMY & AIR FORCE EXCHANGE SERVICE 2003 to 2004 • Integration of legacy foundation data to Unix-based Retek (now Oracle Retail) to include product/item, facility and vendor master data, organization heirarchy and merchandise heirarchy.  • Developed functional and technical specifications for the Retek Pricing team for regular and promotion pricing, price change management, clearance execution and cost management induction to include base-cost and adjustments to cost controls.  • Master Data Management (MDM) responsibilities included management of Item, Vendor and Facility Master File (IMS Database) updates and conversion to Retek MILLER DISTRIBUTING CO - Fort Worth, TX November 1981 to February 1982 SOUTHWESTERN BELL - Waxahachie, TX July 1979 to November 1981 TEXAS REFINERY CORP. OF CANADA - Fort Worth, TX August 1977 to July 1979 Education Bachelor of Arts in (BA) Economics North Texas State University - Denton, TX 1973 to 1977 Skills Change management, Sdlc, Budget, Agency management, Budget management, Qa Links http://@Task Additional Information Methodologies: Change Management, Project Management, SDLC, Resource Management, Budget Management, Agency Management, Staff Management, QA, Release Management