Sr. Supply Chain Digital Technology Manager Sr. Supply Chain Digital Technology <span class="hl">Manager</span> Sr. Supply Chain Digital Technology Manager - United Technology Corporation Westfield, MA Work Experience Sr. Supply Chain Digital Technology Manager United Technology Corporation - Farmington, CT 2015 to Present Otis)  ? Developed and deployed work plans for digital transformation of new Otis Spin-Off company from UTC. This included integrating new applications, validation of clone-cleanse systems and partnering with Remain-Co on technical service agreements (TSA).  • Project Leader PMO (Rockwell Collins & UTAS Merger)  ? Lead the deployment of new SaaS solutions, IQNavigator for on-boarding contract employees, talent pools, invoicing vendors and accounts payables. This included the consolidation for multiple disparate systems, creation of a standardize process and reduction of infrastructure costs.  ? Implemented global ERP SAP Supplier Quality Information Module (QIM), as a best practice for corrective and preventive actions (CAPA) across all UTAS Business Units. Reduced cost of quality and successfully provided a standard product quality reporting to C-level leadership for visibility.  ? Lead core global infrastructure project and successfully lower the cost of operations by consolidation of heritage Rockwell and UTAS servers. Developed standard process and CMDB (ServiceNow) intake forms to capture, normalize and consolidate Windows, Unix platforms for infrastructure and applications.  • Sr. Infrastructure DT Manager (UTAS)  ? Implemented ITIL process-based best practice at UTAS Windsor Locks data center.  ? Responsible for all day to day operations of data center, managed networking and server teams. Managed DC disaster recovery and execution, HVAC and electrical operations.  ? Managed end of life processes for server and applications, included Win2003 & Win2008.  ? Aligned and drove application modernization for business application using a cloud first strategy, centralization and standardization of common business processes. Coached and led project plans to execute app modernization.  ? Deployed Tanium and SEP14 cyber detection/protection solutions across 400 servers and 3500 end point devices in a global hybrid environment - EMEA, APAC and Americas.    EXPERIENCE continued: Project Leader General Electric - Foxborough, MA 2012 to 2015 ScrumMaster for Manufacturing Execution System (GE PROFICY) software at multiple GE manufacturing and distribution plants. Project implemented digitized standard work instructions for product owners, and tools to measure and improve overall equipment effectiveness (OEE) of factory.  ? DT Supply Chain lead for Infor Syteline ERP / SQL and Factory Track Warehouse Mobility for aerospace manufacturing. Responsible for project planning, execution, gathering manufacturing and payroll requirements, oversight of software modifications and user acceptance testing. Facilitated conference room pilots, prototyping, wrote numerous Microsoft SQL queries and provide training. IT Project Manager Harris Corporation - West Springfield, MA 2007 to 2011 Reported to CIO)  ? Implemented ERP modules of QAD Mfg/Pro SE and developed demand forecasting models with intelligence to improve the Sales and Operations Planning (S&OP) process. Used historical sales, capacity and forecast data to drive daily scrum meetings to reduce backlog.  ? Utilized agile, lean, kanban approaches to eliminate "hidden factory" using SAP MES data and Crystal Reports to visualize WIP and rework bottlenecks. Worked with product owners to build user stories for developing metrics for SQDIP, KPIs, KBMs and OEE.  ? Implemented serialization and bar code technology for compliance and full traceability replacing paper and disparate excel based systems. Oversee all aspects of technology, SCADA integration to machine, MES to QAD Mfg/Pro integration, training materials and project execution. Reduce business exposure to product recalls.  ? Product manager for Time and Attendance evaluation, selection and deployment of Kaba Workforce Autotime to automate the payroll processing steps to improved labor accuracy. Operations Manager Harris Corporation - West Springfield, MA 2002 to 2006 Reported to VP of Operations)  ? Lead an operational excellence initiative to reduce the cycle time of new product development. Setup new manufacturing operations for military and commercial innovations.  ? Managed supply chain and procurement (buyers) of direct and indirect materials  ? Managed team of assemblers, mechanical and process engineering in the building of prototypes, qualification and limited rate production.  ? Implemented internal IT controls to meet Sarbanes-Oxley act in areas of security and policy. IT Manager Curbell, Inc - Buffalo, NY 1998 to 2002 Deployed Telephony solution that included CISCO Voice Over IP (VoIP), Proxy, Firewall/VPN.  ? Implemented new ERP solution - Infor Syteline ERP Windows, Citrix Farm, client/server which included all phases of project and change management.  ? Successfully managed Y2K transformation projects of internal IT systems and critical business vendors to reduce overall business risk. Education Bachelor's, Micro-MBA in Operations UMASS, Isenberg School of Management - Amherst, MA Information Technology Degree University of New York at Buffalo - Buffalo, NY