Global IT Project/Program Manager Global <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span>/Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> Global IT Project/Program Manager - Parexel Global IT Program Manager with 23 Years of strong experience in all phases of Software life cycle processes using waterfall and agile/scrum methodologies. Worked in various roles at private and public sectors including federal and state government agencies, pharmaceutical, CRO, financial, investment, banking, life, property & casualty insurance and telecom industries.  • Serve as a trusted business partner, strategic advisor and thought leader, providing strategic-level thoughts for process improvement and technology investment projects.  • Strong Managerial skills along with proven technical and analytical skills  • To look holistically at complex business challenges and proactively make recommendations based on industry knowledge/best practices to improve client business and internal operations.  • Recommend changes to the business process, goals and growth strategy as they pertain to IT and overall operations.  • Lead clients through scoping and initial discovery of new opportunities as well as translate key research findings into actionable business recommendations for project assignments.  • Collaborate with IT Senior Leadership on key enterprise initiatives and decision making points.  • Administrative management and career path for junior members of the Business Solutions team as well as project team.  • Provided the recommendations on technology to senior management by gauging the competitors in IT market on various variables like cost, maintenance, quality, easy to use & software limitations.  • Managed client engagement services and solution implementations by working with local and international offshore teams. Work Experience Global IT Project/Program Manager Parexel - Billerica, MA November 2018 to Present Working as global IT Project/Program manager for Corporate IT department. Well versed with PAREXEL(PXL) PMO Process by utilizing PV, PMED and other project management tools. Following are the projects that I worked during my tenure:  • Brass Ring Enhancements project has went live by working with IBM as client partner, PXL employees.  • Timekeeping project went live with Kronos Implementation in South Korea by working with The Hackett Group as Implementation Partner, Consultants and PXL employees.  • PRISM STC (Skills Talent and Capabilities) project went live by working with IT and Business PXL peers.  • Oracle Fusion Integration Upgrade project for file conversion in a cloud-based environment went live.  • Working on VMS - Vendor Management System project for global contingent work force as procure to pay by streamlining the hiring process along with financials with Beeline product as SaaS implementation globally.  Environment: MS Project, Office, Plan View, PMED, Oracle HCM, Oracle EBS, Fusion, Deltek, SAP BI Reports. Global IT Program Manager MetLife - Cary, NC August 2017 to October 2018 Worked as global program manager for Model Office Analytics capability with Mexico, Brazil, Egypt, Gulf, Russia, Japan claims, Mexico collections, Mexico Digital Agency New Business Underwriting, Chile End to End teams. Developing Advanced analytics model, data visualization tools to improve payout accuracy, price negotiations and operational efficiency improvement.  • Work with the regional and global teams to develop and shape the portfolio of projects.  • Work with groups to facilitate the articulation of the deliverables and milestones.  • Owns the process of governance and provide full details of the program/ projects budgets in both expenses and staffing to IT Leadership by utilizing Vendor Management and PPM tools.  • Monitor the financial flows and owns the program tracking reports.  • Mange the global bee line Implementation involving RFI, RFP, SOW's with Resource Tracking, Staff Augmentation and SOW services modules.  • Managed Oracle HCM (Human Capital Management) Cloud Integration project.  • Work actively with the delivery leads to optimize the collaboration between the work streams, and resolve risks/issues.  • Develop and owns the agenda of progress reporting and adherence to plan.  • Act as single point of submission for all project managers on weekly basis for submission of project plans and status reports.  • Responsible for monthly financial reporting of MO overall data analytics projects.  Environment: Clarity, MS Project, Share point, Office 365, SAS, QlikView, Beeline Oracle HCM, SQL Server, Access, and VBA CFO Office DMV - Hartford, CT September 2016 to July 2017 DMV is upgrading its 50-year-old computer system. CIVLS benefits by customers centric database, real time transactions, simplified and accurate fiscal reconciliation, document scanning at point of sale, automated inventory management, system-driven compliance.  • Serve as Liaison between IT and Fiscal departments for key application solutions (CIVLS) such as Registration, Customer Support and billing solutions.  • Helping CFO on Fiscal disbursements and accountability processes, as well as management and coordination of fiscal planning, budgeting, and analysis.  • Assisting CFO to oversee the DMV's Fiscal accounting, billing, vendor payments, budgeting, strategic financial planning, performance and program evaluation  • Partners with IT, Finance, Mod/Reg and other department leaders to align technology solutions with business initiatives.  • Ensures corporate technologies comply with IT general controls and best practices.  • Manage the business application portfolio interfaces to process critical business data using J2EE (Spring) framework.  • Enable to manage the effective allocation and deployment of Business Application resources.  • Oversight of third-party software vendors and systems integrators and other technology partners.  • Communicate the status of critical projects/dashboard reports with key business (CFO) and IT (Director) stakeholders.  Environment: MS Visio, MS Project, MS Share point and Office, CIVLS, J2EE (Spring),Track IT IT Delivery/Sr. Project Manager Accenture - Boston, MA October 2015 to August 2016 Coverys is an innovative medical professional liability insurance and services provider. Managed Accenture Client - Coverys Core system replacement program production support and application maintenance of Duck Creek full suite  • Delivery Leadership for Software Implementation of projects using PPM and MMS  • Managing delivery lines for existing customers along with possibility of expanding product line footprint.  • Mitigate and solve issues for business continuity along with System, User Acceptance and integrated testing.  • Oversee PMO initiatives of all projects within developed scopes, timelines, budgets and resource allocation.  • Participate in annual budget, scope, revenue planning and growth directives for all client projects.  • Oversee big picture of software development of current and future IT initiatives by Change Orders and SOW's.  • Managing duck creek component upgrades for Billing, Policy and Claims work streams using J2EE frame works(struts)  • Ownership of Accenture client and the expansion of product lines of the client they support.  Environment: DMS, MMS, PPM, MS Visio, Duck Creek suite, J2EE Framework, MS Sql Server, .Net, xml, TFS, MS Project Server/client. IT Program Manager Mapfre USA Insurance - Webster, MA October 2014 to September 2015 MAPFRE U. S.A. a global organization and leading insurer that maintains its presence in over 40 countries around the world  • Driving all phases of small to medium projects/program to successful completion.  • Duties include development of project schedules, creation and distribution of issues list, escalation management, facilitating cross-functional meetings and liaison between internal clients, operational staff and IT.  • Managed software development lifecycle, including design, documentation, development, test, implementation, and post-production performance of Cover-All and Tron Web (PAS - Policy Admin Systems) products using J2EE(Spring) framework.  • Risk analysis, schedule, issues were tracked and managed by PPM tool.  • Led the scrum teams to uncover the roadblocks and to meet delivery schedules  Environment: MS Project, PPM, Tron Web, Cover-All, SQL Server, J2EE(Spring), IBM RTC, MS Office IT Portfolio Manager Selective Insurance Group - Hartford, CT October 2013 to September 2014 Selective offer a broad range of insurance and alternative risk management services. Responsible for portfolio management practices of the overall IT project portfolio for Commercial Lines Enhancements  • Provide business and IT senior leadership with analysis of in-flight and proposed projects along with Infrastructure initiatives  • Continually assess the strategic value of the projects within the portfolio and (re)prioritize resources to drive the best value outcome to the business.  • Ten small projects a quarter by setting expectations, change management & execution by coordinating milestones  • Work with both on-site resources and off-shore suppliers along with selective employees  • Provide visibility of consolidated portfolio progress against budget and schedule.  • Ensure that benefits are assessed at the start of the portfolio lifecycle and that the realization is monitored.  Environment: MS Project, PPM, MS Visio, Biz Talk, .Net, DB2, Clarity, HP Extreme, MS Excel, MS Word Sr. IT Project Manager XL Insurance - Hartford, CT October 2012 to September 2013 With global capabilities & Local people made the XL Group financial strength to be solid and the scale to be flexible. Managing Enterprise Enablement program multiple streams with global teams in Data Warehouse and business intelligence Space  • Procurement Management - Procurement, contracts planning, authoring solicitations, evaluation, requesting solicitation responses, selecting contractor(s), administering contracts and closing activities.  • Strong Change Management experience working with business stake holders  • Scope Management - Project initiation, scope planning, scope definition and scope change control activities.  • Cost Management - Resource planning, cost estimating, budgeting and cost control activities.  • Human Resources Management - Organizational planning, project team acquisition and staff development activities.  • Risk Management - Risk management planning, risk identification, risk quantitative and qualitative analysis, response planning, monitoring and control activities.  • Coaching - Coached and facilitated Agile/Scrum teams as part of organization transformation.  Environment: MS Project, MS Visio, Clarity MS SQL Server, SSIS, J2EE (Struts), Oracle, MDM, DRM, MDS, CDI & Informatica Project Manager Enterprise Architecture Middle Oak Insurance - Middletown, CT July 2009 to September 2012 Middle oak is a property and casualty Insurance company with commercial and personal lines of business  • Involved in overall enterprise governance model that includes corporate governance, IT governance and project governance.  Budget estimates & resource management for cost effective maintenance of systems.  • Managed vendor partner deliverables and executed on agreed upon roadmaps of Data warehouse and Business Intelligence Projects  • Ensured change control process is in place and risk communication/mitigation takes place in timely fashion  • Managed software development lifecycle, including design, documentation, development, testing, deployment and post-production performance of Cover-All, iNSURITY and Guidewire products using J2EE(Struts) framework.  • Worked on operational metrics project to surface workflow gaps from quote to policy with Insurity and leveraged to fill those gaps in replacing with Guidewire Policy and Billing Center.  • Implemented Mobile Architecture using IBM Business Intelligence technology  Environment: MS SQL Server, Guidewire, iNSURITY, Cover-All, SSIS/DTS, J2EE (Struts), IBM Cognos, Hyperion, MS Project. DBA Manager Valassis - Windsor, CT June 2008 to June 2009 Valassis is a software product company focusing the retail business, Supported VRMS software product for valassis customers  Responsibilities  • Supported 80 Development/QA and 40 Production Databases using Oracle, SQL Server and DB2.  • Monitored and Maintained DB growth and captured changes for capacity planning  • Worked with data mining techniques on OLAP and OLTP databases for defining IT goals  • Worked with Business closely on defining datamarts & Business Intelligence cubes/catalogs  Environment: Oracle 10G, UNIX, MS Windows XP, Sql Server, DB2, MS Excel Release/ Project Manager Pfizer - New London, CT December 2006 to May 2008 Pfizer is a world known pharmaceutical company, Worked at PGRD (Pfizer Global Research and Development) division  Responsibilities  • Clinical data analysis and executing the scripts for reconciliation, validation & sampling of data  • Managed engagements with outside party service providers/vendors  • Accountable for maintaining versions of medical dictionaries as part of Release Management  • Managed Scrum Meetings on daily basis.  Environment: Oracle 10G, UNIX, MS Windows XP, Oracle Discoverer, SAS, MS Excel, Oracle Clinical/TMS Sr. Enterprise Architect State Street Bank - Boston, MA December 2005 to November 2006 State Street Bank is an Investment and commercial lending management, research, trading & servicing company.  Responsibilities  • Worked with FCS/Main Frames as upstream systems and Budgeting (OFA), OFSA as downstream systems.  • Worked with gl_interface (actuals), gl_budget_interface (budget), gl_je_lines, gl_balances, gl_code_combinations  • Worked with Logical and Physical Database Design of star and snowflake schemas  Environment: Oracle Finance Applications, Java, OFA, OFSA, UNIX, Oracle Discoverer, Actuate, Hyperion Essbase, MS Excel Project Lead The Hartford - Hartford, CT August 2004 to November 2005 Hartford is a Life and P&C insurance company, Worked for both lines of business  • Automated the print process of marketing department in retirement services for government business plans.  • Lead the project from initiation phases by working with various departments on leveraging the new solutions.  • Worked closely with Retirement services Business analysts to successfully execute the project tasks.  Environment: Oracle, Business Objects, Autosys, UNIX, Windows XP State of Maine 1995 to 2004 Ridgefield Bank E-spire  FDA (Food and Drug Administration) EEOC (Equal Employment Opportunity Commission) Mentor Graphics Education MBA in Electronics Engineering University of Hartford 2018