Installer/Configuration/Training Specialist Installer/Configuration/Training Specialist Installer/Configuration/Training Specialist El Paso, TX Work Experience Installer/Configuration/Training Specialist ENG INFOTECH CORPORATION - Fairfield, NJ 2018 to 2019 Fairfield, NJ 2018 to 2019  Is a dynamic company incorporated in the State of New Jersey with the sole purpose of leveraging the IT expertise of its founders.    Installer/Configuration/Training Specialist  Accountable for the overall installation, configuration, training and support of Wyndham's OPERA, Property Management System.  • Installation/configuration of OPERA - server, workstations and printers  • Work closely with Interface vendors for setup and testing of 3rd party software to include POS, SynXis, Elevon, Call Accounting, Voice Mail, Keys, etc.  • Provide OPERA PMS support, troubleshooting and resolving any PMS issues  • Train property on any changes with new versions of OPERA  • Prepare detail reports for Management daily, ensure ledgers are balanced prior to cutover on new version  • Create documentation and provide best practices to clients IT Project Manager AGILYSYS, INC - Las Vegas, NV 2016 to 2018 Las Vegas, NV 2016 to 2018  A $1B developer and marketer of proprietary enterprise software and other products for the hospitality industry.    IT Project Manager  Planned and executed Agilysys Hospitality Group projects for LMS, rGuestPay Gateway (P2PE and EMV), InfoGenesis POS, Spa Management, Visual One PMS & DataMagine software. Interfaced with Sales, Professional Services Management, Product Management, Implementation Management, Account Management, Support and Accounting on project planning, execution, and closure.  • Led a $1.5M, one-year effort over 13 Tropicana properties to upgrade their LMS/rGuest pay software. Completed project on time and on budget.  • Managed multiple, concurrent IT projects, from inception to close. Authored project plans, set critical paths, coordinated project resources (both client and internal), and created budgets. Developed project goals, work plans, timelines, implementation strategies, change requests and communication plans. Projects were delivered on time and within budget.  • Consulted with customers on Agilysys solutions, leveraging subject matter expertise to recommend software solutions and identify best practices.  • Wrote standard operating procedures and identified best practices and for use by other IT implementation teams. IT Manager HARD ROCK HOTEL & CASINO - Stateline, NV 2014 to 2015 Stateline, NV 2014 to 2015  A hotel and casino owned by Brookfield Asset Management and operated by Warner Gaming. The property has 2 hotel towers and a 30,000-square-foot casino.    IT Manager  Led the build out of the Casino IT infrastructure, including selection, testing, implementation, installation and ongoing maintenance of business and gaming systems. Managed a $3M operational budget and led a team with a Network Administrator and Techs. Evaluated annual maintenance agreements and contracts.  • Led the development of the IT infrastructure and operations for the January 2015 opening of the Hard Rock Hotel & Casino. Supervised renovations and new construction projects as IT Project Lead. Developed project plans, set  budgets, identified resources, set timeline, and managed risks. Project was completed on time and on budget, in compliance with gaming regulations and IT policies and procedures.  • Supported all IT networks and applications as System Administrator. Performed daily system back-ups.  • Assigned work and coached employees in supplying all system maintenance and support. Created and maintained IT procedures and documentation.  • Saved money by purchasing equipment to trace cabling over 2 hotel towers. The team installed the cable, rather than outsourcing to a vendor. IT Director UTE MOUNTAIN CASINO - Towaoc, CO 2013 to 2014 Assisted in the upgrade of the Casino. Responsible to select, purchase, and implement Casino Management Systems (Oasis v11.6.2 MR3, POS (MICROS), OPERA, Bingo (Planet Bingo) and a Shortel Phone system.  • Served as lead project manager on all IT projects, including developing project plans, timelines, resources (vendors and project team) and communications. Identified and resolved project risks and scheduling issues to meet all project plan deadlines. Gaming Systems Manager, Corporate CHOCTAW CASINOS - Durant, OK 2012 to 2013 Responsible for all aspects of gaming systems including implementation, maintenance, training, upgrades and security covering 13 properties and 9 travel centers. The Choctaw Casino gaming systems software included Casino Management System (Oasis v11.6.2 MR3 and v12) Tech Results modules, Genesis Gaming (Poker and Tournament modules), IGT Table ID and Data Warehouse WAGER.  • Oversaw installation of software systems across environments and ensured compliance with all regulatory standards. Gaming System Administrator, IT LITTLE RIVER CASINO RESORT - Manistee, MI 2008 to 2012 Manistee, MI. 2008 to 2012  A privately held casino and 292 room hotel and 95 space RV Park.    Gaming System Administrator, IT  Managed and maintained the integrity of all gaming applications, including Casino Management System (OASIS), Count Room System, Casino System Software (CSS) Modules, Data Warehouse (nVision), Micro Gaming Technology (MGT) Kiosk System, New Wave Automation, Gaming Floor Live, Paltronics and PokerPro.  • Replaced outdated wiring, in preparation of OASIS installation, for over 1,400 slot machines. Created the project plan, coordinated project resources, scheduled downtime, and implemented the upgrade.  • Created Help Desk scripts and documentation for systems administrators and Help Desk Technicians.  • Interviewed, hired, and trained Help Desk Technicians. Provided performance feedback, coached for performance and terminated employment, as needed.  • Reviewed system capabilities identified continuous improvement initiatives, recommended systems replacement /upgrades and determined allocation of resources as a member of the IT leadership committee. Manager, IT THE CASINO AT EMERALD BAY, Exuma - BS 2007 to 2008 Responsible for day-to-day systems and operations. Trained end-users (Accounting, Gaming Staff, and POS) on software applications.  • Developed training materials documenting system functionality and end user interfaces. Trained staff on software usage and applications.  • Performed daily system backups. Performed troubleshooting and fixed system issues 24/7 as "on-call" support. IT Director TAOS MOUNTAIN CASINO - Taos, NM 2006 to 2007 Managed all casino applications (POS, Casino and network systems) including architecture and planning, software selection, implementation, upgrades, tuning and system disaster recovery.  • Recommended new cabling of the entire site to remedy degradation of service. Implemented the installation of new hardware and cabling, replacing hubs with switches to update equipment with newer technology. Ensured 100% system reliability and compliance with all gaming regulations and IT policies and procedures.  • Met with senior management to review system requirements, propose changes, set priorities, and create service standards. Created the department budget and oversaw daily IT operations. Gaming Systems Manager, IT ATLANTIS PARADISE ISLAND, Paradise Island - BS 2004 to 2006 Bahamas 2004 to 2006  A privately held property of Brookfield Asset Management, including a casino, resort and hotel.    Gaming Systems Manager, IT  Managed gaming systems application planning, selection, implementation, upgrading, tuning, training and system disaster recovery.  • Managed all aspects of Gaming, including project planning, resource management, budgets, risk management and troubleshooting. Completed projects on time and on budget.  • Developed training curriculum and conducted training on new software products and upgrades to end users in various departments. Trained successor to assume the Gaming System Management role. Education Associates of Applied Science in Applied Science Southwest Institute - El Paso, TX Links http://linkedin.com/in/tanya-mcauliffe