Project Leader II <span class="hl">Project</span> Leader II IT Project Manager Algonquin, IL I am a “get the job done” leader who adapts well to change. I am proficient in and have been practicing project management or SDLC processes since circa 2002. My responsibilities have included leading high-performance teams to deliver on-time and on-budget results by using whichever management and/or project delivery style was best suited for the situation. All while keeping solid relationships with business partners and vendors alike. I offer an extensive background in delivering solutions across a wide array of applications, platforms, and architectures. My driving motivation is to deliver timely solutions that satisfy my key stakeholder(s) while promoting an environment that encourages the individual growth of my team members. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Leader II Baxter Healthcare - Round Lake, IL June 2015 to May 2019 I worked as a liaison between Finance, Senior Strategy Team and the SPO Project Managers. I directed the project managers to adhere to budgets, create quarterly forecasts, status reports and quarterly reviews. I compiled project and business data to help the SLT prioritize high visibility projects within the $25 million annual Quality Compliance portfolio.    When priorities shifted and the need for PM’s increased, I managed multiple executive level Compliance projects. I took over a failing enterprise project, to bring it back on schedule, to rollout new Process Development Lifecycle Management processes and to deliver Computer Based Training (CBT) courses globally.  I guided Quality and Facility resources in an effort to create new Manufacturing Process Validation Controls to keep the facility production processes in control.  And, I coordinated the vendor RFI, RFP’s and POC process to select a SPC tool in conjunction with this Continual Validation Process for the manufacturing facilities. IT Project Manager Sears Holdings - Hoffman Estates, IL July 2006 to May 2015 As the PM for the Technical Architecture workflow, on a new Inventory Management System (IMS), my primary goal was to lead an eight(8) person Technical Deployment Team on an 18-month project to establish the Standards, Process Protocols/Runtimes and Database size requirements for a Web, Distributed Database and JDA Manugistics solution.  I also directed the team to design and build new Development, Test and Production environments for this new IMS.  In addition to providing leadership and keeping the Senior Leadership team informed I was the single point of contact for Issues Resolution and Risk Mitigation. Using established PMP process controls the team was able to adapt quickly to changing requirements and delivered the new $3.5 million Oracle database application environment a full month before the actual due date.     After that success, I coordinated a corporate wide initiative to addressed and replace the aging Windows desktop Hardware/Software for over 5000 devices at the Sears home office.  In 2014, I decided to get my PMP Certification but my first SDLC training was circa 2001. Over the years, I have become proficient at leading multiple medium/large projects, occasionally multiple projects at a time. I have taken over projects mid-stream and have effectively managed projects from Initiation to Post Implementation using Project Management Tools like MS Project, JIRA, SPIRA, and MS Excel.  I have had to seamlessly manage my project resources while communicating the Issues, Risks, Mitigation Plans and Timeline Changes to my stakeholders. I've coordinated the efforts of multiple resources from multiple sources (including the Matrix resource repositories, Network Infrastructure teams, India contract resources, Database Admins, Vendors and various Business groups) to deliver total solutions.  Prior to 2013, I led a team of IT Project Leaders to deliver results on more than two dozen medium/large projects over a five-year period (many of these were managed concurrently).   My directive was to bring the business strategy to life and deliver positive ROI solutions. These projects included delivering tangible business solutions for applications like SSAWMS, Pick- to- Light, Pick- to- Voice, WFM (Work Force Management), and multiple in-house systems like Shipping, Receiving and Fulfilment.  I developed Data & Process flows and Physical Operation Models for larger system changes.  I have framed MSA's, SOW's and SLA's for vendors like Dematic, Voxware, SSA Global, RedPrairie and Intelligrated Systems on hardware and software products. Occasionally, I took on special projects. In one case, I coordinated a high visibility Proof of Concept project that use Tyco RFID tags to track inventory from the vendor to the customer as the exited the store.  In a three-month time period, I had to coordinate the efforts of the vendor, Network changes, Store construction, Warehouse upgrades and application interfaces to the vendor tool.  So, with solutions like the RFID and Pick-to-Light, I had to lead extended core teams in the development of the LAN, WAN, Network Servers, Contingency backups and “the last mile” changes required to enable user connectivity to the application(s). I am proud to say, these total solutions were delivered on schedule (with few exceptions) by utilizing my expertise in coordinating the combined efforts of cross-functional resources from Matrix repositories, Network Infrastructure, 3rd Party contract resources, Database Admins, Vendors and Business leaders.    While my driving force was to deliver solutions on new initiatives, for in-house applications and vendor tools, I also drove the day-to-day support activities for the team to keep the existing distributed applications healthy and running smoothly during the course of the year. IT Project Leader Sears Holdings - Hoffman Estates, IL January 2002 to June 2006 As an IT Project Leader in the Supply Chain/Logistics area at Sears, I aligned the day to day efforts of a ten(10) person team to support and maintain the health of the Sears AIX Distributed and mainframe WMS applications.  I provided direction, leadership and focus to team and kept my stakeholders informed. During my tenure, I successfully led the a cross functional team to upgrade the outdated distributed AIX Operating Systems at all eighteen(18) domestic Retail Replenishment and Direct Delivery Center facilities with no unscheduled downtime events.   I assigned and directed Support/Enhancement related projects in an effort to improve the Key Performance Indicators, improve metrics on problem resolution, reduce pager alert counts and improve service level metrics. In driving this team goals, I reduced our problem resolution metrics and reduced pager alerts by 75%.  I built solid relationships with the Business Partners and the Facility managers to keep them informed of issues, risks and revisions to deliverables. Team Leader / IT Instructor / Programmer Sears Holdings - Hoffman Estates, IL October 1983 to December 2001 As Team Leader / Sr Team Leader (April 1990 – Dec 2001)  I successfully coordinated the support and enhancement efforts of a medium sized team (10 to 12 resources) that supported the day-to-day operations of a CICS/Cobol application that interfaced to an external AIX based CRM tool.  This 'Call Center' application was the key system used in seven (7) facilities across the continental U.S.   As an IT Instructor (May 1987 - March 1990)  I conducted entry level and continuing education classes for Sears IT personnel.   As a Programmer/ Senior Programmer (Oct 1983 - April 1987)  I created , modified and tested Assembler and Cobol code on multiple internal systems within Sears. Education Bachelors in Economics in Economics University of Illinois Skills Project Management (10+ years), Budget Planning (7 years), MS OFFICE (10+ years), Risk Management (7 years), WMS Application Development (10+ years), VENDOR MANAGEMENT (10+ years), CONTINGENCY PLANNING (10+ years), STRATEGIC PLANNING (7 years), Team Building (10+ years), Building Processes and Guidelines (7 years), Offshore team building (10+ years), Quality Compliance (3 years), PMP, SDLC, Waterfall, PM Certifications/Licenses PMP July 2014 to July 2020 Project Management Institute Additional Information CORE COMPETENCIES / SKILLS:    ? I/T Project Management Budget planning and forecast Risk Aversion and Mitigation  ? Resource management Strategic Planning 3rd Party Vendor Management  ? Strategic Planning Building Processes and Guidelines Quality Compliance  ? Contingency Planning Aligning Priorities to Business Offshore Team Building  ? Cross-Functional Teams Facilitating POC's WMS System Development  ? Distributed platforms MS Office Suite Databases (Oracle, MySQL, etc..)