IT Technical Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Technical <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Technical Project Manager Des Plaines, IL • Technical manager with a wide range of expertise. Proven strengths in attention to detail, along with Change Management and all aspects of a Project Management Charter. Using best practices in resolving complex technical issues as well as creating an innovative approach to improve processes and procedures. Familiarity with Agile, HPSM, ITIL, Fieldview and DCIM products. Work Experience IT Technical Project Manager Abbott Labs - Chicago, IL November 2018 to August 2019 • Technical Project Manager for Infrastructure operations working on with cyber security on the windows side to remediate treat vulnerabilities for 5000 + servers. Project Manager for WiPro, Hitachi and Abbott resources to plan, schedule and cutover the migration of file shares from the NAS to the vHDi solution.  • Worked with Cyber Security, solutions, storage and implementation teams to create the solutions to be pushed out to the servers through the whitelist or blade monthly patch cycle.  • Created the documents, schedules and coordination for the projects of Qualys detected vulnerabilities.  • Managed the worldwide file share migrations from the NAS to the Hitachi solution.  • Worked with multiple business units on the LCM (Life Cycle Management) project which decommissioned old OS servers to new Abbott virtual standard. IT Project Manager United Airlines - Chicago, IL November 2016 to November 2017 • Project Manager for Layer 0 LAN / WAN upgrades of United Airlines infrastructure. Configured and installed WAN optimization devices. Worked to clean up and optimize Share Point documents, folders and directories. Developed power point documents, scheduled the coordination, verification and execution for installs in MDF and IDF rooms.  • Worked on Power Point documentation for the airport MDF and IDF closets with engineers across the globe..  • Created the documents, schedules, changes (SRP) and coordination for the projects of Wan optimization, UPower refresh and VOIP..  • Managed the install of Aruba switches, steel head servers and UPS devices with the GMs, Net Ops, field services and Layer 0 engineers in the MDF and IDF closets.  • Managed the installation of WAPs (Wireless access points) with the vendor and engineers at the OPC. IT Project Manager Consultant Capital One - Chicago, IL May 2015 to August 2016 • Project Manager on the IT side for the planning, scheduling, coordination, verification and execution of the infrastructure on the raised floor. Involved with the daily Agile/Scrum processes for the stories moving across the Kanban Board.  • Worked with IT Business units and Stakeholders for approval and support of the infrastructure upgrades.  • Created the MS Project documents, schedules, changes (HPSM) and facilitated the meetings for the projects.  • Managed the events in the maintenance window working with vendors and Capital One engineers. Stakeholder and Business units for implementation of infrastructure projects budgeted over $1 million.  • In Agile/Scrum, created stories and facilitated the daily stand-up meeting. Infrastructure Operations Manager Follett Corporation - Chicago, IL February 2010 to December 2014 • Managed the day to day activities of the Data Center Staff. That staff consisted of 4 systems associates and 1 system Administrator. Managed a budget of over $5 million. Managed the IS Data Center facilities that included the power, space, UPS, generator, FM 200 and AC for the Woodridge and River Grove Production Data Centers.  • Changed operations procedures for audit compliance and reducing the manual processes.  • Managed the vendors for the ongoing preventive maintenance of the Follett Data Centers.  • Kept metrics to justify the additions of UPS, HVAC and power to the production Data Center.  • Installed and monitored the DCMS called Fieldview. Also created operations metrics, SLAs and KPIs. Involved in the yearly Audits.  • Project Managed the River Grove DR Data Center move to a Co-Lo at RMU in Rochelle, IL.  • Project Managed he Woodridge production data move to a Co-Lo at AT&T in Lisle, IL saving $500,000 annually. Data Center Facilities Manager U.S. Cellular - Chicago, IL 2001 to February 2009 • Managed the activities of the Data Center staff. That staff consisted of 15 employees in operations in two locations and it was a 24 X 7 operation. Managed a budget of over $6 million. Managed the IS Data Center facilities that included the power, space, UPS, generator, FM200 and AC for the Bensenville and Knoxville Production Data Centers.  • ITIL foundation certified and managed the Problem and Incident process for the creation and closure of production incidents.  • Managed the change management group for the production environment.  • Coordinated the Data Center move from the Corporate office to the newly built Data Center in Bensenville.  • Managed the Infrastructure SAP install for Dev, Test and Prod.  • Created facility metrics for power, space and cooling. This shows trending and use. Also created Sarbanes Oxley controls.  • Automated manual activities so that operations associates could take over level 2 tasks.  • Initiated the daily ops call to review the previous days abends, providing visibility to level 2 support.  • Created operations metrics to provide management with an understanding of the amount of processing by the operations staff.  • Built out a new Data Center for IS in Bensenville and did a Data Center expansion in Knoxville for future growth.  • Worked to replace the Data Center HVAC in Knoxville to be dual source, chilled water and DX. This allows for no downtime when we would lose power to the chillers. Infrastructure Manager Hitachi Mainframe - Chicago, IL 1997 to 2001 • Manager of Corporate Infrastructure, computing platforms and systems. Computer operations consisted of both internal client server and outsourced external (Hitachi Mainframe) systems, Helpdesk, production operations, infrastructure and the technical services group. Supervised the activities of 25 employees in multiple locations and managed a budget of over $7.5 million.  • Worked with the product support center to build and relocate our call center (200 employees) to Sioux Falls, South Dakota.  • Initiated the daily operations review and the change management system for better controls, reducing the number of production interruptions resulting in availability of 99.9%.  • Converted the operations department to 24 X 7 providing better coverage for the production systems.  • Developed naming standards for DASD pooling and product monitoring.  • Managed the corporate helpdesk, creating helpdesk service level agreements, policies and procedures, training and metrics.  • Managed the technical services group which consisted of the day to day activities of the corporate PC environment.  • Managed the mainframe vendor relationship with our outsourcer ACXIOM. Education Business Administration Wright College - Chicago, IL Skills SYSTEM ADMINISTRATION, SHARE POINT, UNIX, MS PROJECT, VISIO