Enterprise Project Manager Enterprise <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Enterprise Project Manager Henderson, NC Jean is a project management professional with 20+ years of experience in IT application development (SDLC). She has a reputation for building solid relationships with stakeholders, peers and developers to consistently deliver projects on-time and on budget utilizing traditional Waterfall and Agile methodologies.    Project Management Conversion/Migration Disaster Recovery  Software Development Compliance Auditing/Monitoring Business and Technical Analysis  Integration Security COTS Validation/Deployment  Risk Management Business Intelligence Vendor Management  Insurance Claims Data Warehouse CAPA Certified Investigator  CDISC Awareness Certified Scrum Master FDA Experience Work Experience Enterprise Project Manager Blue Cross Blue Shield North Carolina March 2017 to January 2018 Enterprise Project Manager for multiple enterprise projects to support Mandate compliance enhancements.  • Providing consulting to support enterprise program initiatives at Blue Cross Blue Shield of North Carolina.  • Successfully implemented a fast track project to support a reduced fee plan initiative, and working on a large data governance project for mastering member ids across all of Blue Cross Blue Shield Association plans.  • Responsible for Business Change Requests and Vendor relationship and management of project scope.  • Ensured data security compliance for PMI/HIPAA member data in all projects. BUSINESS PROJECT MANAGER/ANALYST Cigna November 2015 to February 2017 Cigna Pharmacy Business Project Manager for multiple enterprise projects to implement new Product introduction and Drug List State Mandate compliance enhancements.  • As Business Project Business Manager managed Marketing, Training, Business Acceptance Testing, Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs), and Business Release checkouts.  • Responsible for Business Change Requests and Vendor relationship and management of project scope.  • Coordinated all Pharmacy and other Cigna business teams to ensure delivered intended business requirements for Cigna customers for improved customer experience and affordability.  • Managed Business team budget and project resources.  • Worked closely with IT Project Manager and provided status reporting to senior management.  • Awareness of CDISC and FDA for pharmaceutical compliance  • Ensured data security compliance for PMI/HIPAA member data in all projects. SR PROJECT MANAGER UHG/Optum April 2015 to August 2015 Cross-Application/Application Project Manager for responsible for projects (12+) that included compliance, integration, and new functionality on the Oxford Platform applications. Teams consist of 20-35 team members, and project costs $300k to $1.5M, including supporting a platform migration from a Connecticut to Minnesota location with over 100 servers and 50+ applications.  • As a Cross-Application Project Manager, coordinate all Oxford and other UHG applications or systems to deliver business requirements.  • Manage budget and project resources.  • Provide weekly status reports and updates to senior management.  • Manage project change requests - initiate, present, and manage within timeline and deliverables.  • Ensured data security compliance for PMI/HIPAA member data in all projects. PROJECT MANAGER Cigna July 2014 to March 2015 Project 1, Team Size: 4 Applications, Total: 64; Project Cost: $1.2M, Overall $3.1M  Project 2, Team Size: 4 Applications, Total: 66; Project Cost $1.3M, Overall $12M  Project 3, Team Size; 8 Applications, Total; 112; Project Cost $1.7M, Overall $14M  Manage multiple large, complex claim engine application projects in partnership with business stakeholders, using application life cycle methodology and tools for documentation and compliance.  • Implement industry standard methodologies on Cigna claim platforms by adding Ambulatory Payment Classifications (APC), Ambulatory Surgical Classifications (ASC) and Diagnosis Related Groups to existing Claim Adjudication system - Proclaim, Power MHS, and Facets.  • Work with business stakeholders to add new business rules to improve Health Care Professional (HCP) experience and reduce administration for Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (PPACA) compliance which includes 275 Attachments to Cigna claims.  • Align Claim Management System (CMS) to improve and implement Medically Unlikely Edits (MUE) to improve reimbursements in the Outpatient Code Editor (OCE) for Outpatient Hospital and Ambulatory Surgical Center claims by implementing new rules.  • Facilitate project meetings with business to understand and develop Business requirements, Project Scope and Budget.  • Organize and host multiple level management project status meetings.  • Align closely with Program Lead to meet Enterprise Release calendar milestones and escalate any project issues or challenges.  • Ensure project allocations are sufficiently staffed and coordinate project teams/resources to execute project deliverables on time and within budget.  • Provide project scope control through Project Change Requests process for management approval with scope, budget, timeline, and resourcing details to deliver in project release cycle.  • Proficient in use of Clarity system for managing project deliverables and budget.  • Ensured data security compliance for PMI/HIPAA member data in all projects. PROJECT MANAGER/Scrum Master Aetna October 2013 to July 2014 Project 1, Team Size: 3 Applications, Total: 48; Project Cost: $625K, Overall $1.2M    Manage large, complex Data Warehouse projects and ensure internal downstream applications and reporting business requirements are met. Apply customer application life cycle (APLC) methodology and tools for documentation and compliance.  • Work closely with Coventry and Aetna's business team to Integrate Coventry Claim data into Aetna warehouse after acquisition. Deliver short term solution to meet compliance reporting business requirement, and develop long term solution for combined reporting.  • Aetna was initiating an agile methodology and post-training, provided Scrum Master/ Project Manager leadership to deliver business objectives. Initiated daily standup meetings, worked with business to create and prioritize Business stories and requirements, and ensure Agile team remained on track during sprint delivery. Also provided status reporting and project burndown statistics.  • Coordinate large project team/resources to execute project deliverable on time and within budget.  • Provide multiple level management project status meetings.  • Provide project scope control through Project Change Requests process for management approval with scope, budget, and resourcing details and delivering in project release cycle.  • Ensured data security compliance for PMI/HIPAA member data in all projects. IT PROJECT MANAGER The Hartford April 2013 to October 2013 Project 1, Team Size: 12; Project Cost: $600k    Manage large, complex projects for Commercial Line of Business working with the Actuarial team. Collaborate with business to provide reporting to include future booking for business intelligence analytics and better predictive planning.  • Follow and utilize application life cycle methodology and tools for documentation and compliance.  • Successful implementation of data warehouse project to include future booking data for management reporting.  • Core team leader for internal Employee Engagement committee to implement effective results for continued improvements.  • New project to deliver improved data integrity around global IDs between source systems to data warehouse. Lead team through analysis and business impact assessment, and solution recommendation. Deliver project artifacts and managed project risks and issues.  • Provides weekly Executive project status updates and conducts weekly project team status meetings with project team and business partners. IT PROJECT MANAGER Knights of Columbus August 2012 to March 2013 Project 1, Team Size: 10; Project Cost: $1.2M, Overall $12M    Manage large, complex Data Governance, Business Intelligence, and Data Warehouse effort to implement 10 year+ sustainable next level Data Warehouse for the Knights of Columbus. Follow and utilize application life cycle methodology and tools for documentation and compliance.  • Responsible for vendor selection of new technology for customer.  • Coordinate and manage Project resources - identify project team gaps and engage customer resource managers and consultants to meet project deliverables.  • Create, maintain, and update project deliverables, including, but not limited to: project charter, scope, vendor statements of work, project plan and schedule, risk and issue logs  • Responsible for managing and controlling total project scope, budget, and change requests.  • Provide multiple management level weekly project status meetings. IT PROJECT MANAGER Aetna March 2011 to August 2012 Project 1, Team Size: 11; Project Cost: $1.8M, Overall $8.1M    As part of a large, complex migration effort with external vendor (CVS) to adjudicate pharmacy claims, keep internal downstream applications and reporting whole during transition and future state. Align to Business initiatives to create new adjudication processes and ensure data is integrated from CVS to Aetna data warehouse for compliance reporting and downstream applications.  • Follow and utilize application life cycle methodology and tools for documentation and compliance.  • Responsible for $5M budget using PlanView system for project management and team allocations.  • Coordinate large project team/resources (100+) to execute project deliverable on time and within budget.  • Provide multiple management level weekly project status meetings.  • Provide project scope control through Project Change Requests process from management approval with scope, budget, and resourcing details and delivering in project release cycle.  • Ensured data security compliance for PMI/HIPAA member data in all projects. IT PROJECT MANAGER/Scrum Master Abbott Vascular November 2006 to February 2011 Multiple Projects - Team Size: Avg. 16; Average Project Costs: $500k - $3M    Manage large, complex projects to revitalize and continuously improve global quality manufacturing applications including Document (Documentum), label control systems, reliability engineering laboratory management systems (SQL LIMS), product experience (VIPER), and regulatory reporting systems.  • Work with business and IT management to establish project goals, objectives, deliverables, schedules, cost estimates and resource allocation. Manage project activities through the project lifecycle, ensuring all deliverables are achieved.  • Identify, assess, and manage risk to best protect and minimize impact to the business.  • Develop project documentation including, but not limited to: project charter, scope, vendor statements of work, project plan and schedule, risk and issue logs.  • Responsible for the Documentum, Labeling, and Training (Clarify) system software, including upgrades, enhancements, and hardw are/software compliance.  • Assisted in implementing a new SQL LIMS system for the new/in development/pre-launch product (Drug Eluding Stent).  • Entrusted with managing project budgets in excess of $2M. Track and forecast project spend.  • Create and manage vendor statement of work and invoicing.  • Manage large offshore Developer and Quality Assurance teams as part of integrated project team to meet project deliverables.  • Delivered Agile projects as Scrum Master/PM lead. Held daily standup meetings, tracked progress, worked with Business lead to prioritize backlog, and provide burndown charts and executive status reporting.  • Produce project feasibility studies for project technical solutions and implementation planning.  • Ensured data security compliance for PMI/HIPAA member data in all projects.  • Effectively communicate with project team, key stakeholders, and IT management on project progress. Provide briefings to executive level sponsors.  • Mentor project manager and business analysts in team.  • Certified CAPA (Corrective Action Preventative Action) Investigator on cases opened for IT application issues that expose the organization to government regulatory non-compliance. Awareness of CDISC and FDA for pharmaceutical compliance. PROJECT MANAGER, Sr. Business System Analyst ETS November 2005 to November 2006 Multiple Projects - Average Team Size: 15; Average Project Costs: $250k -$1M    Education Testing Systems (ETS) provides software to improve teaching and learning, expand opportunities for learners and communities, inform education and policy, and advance the field of educational measurement.  • Provided quality IT services/products to meet customer expectations. Made recommendations on operational issues and explored mutually beneficial solutions. Created business use cases and Visio workflows for design requirements.  • Responsible for implementing best practices for application documentation and implementation of Systems Development Life Cycle (SDLC) methodology to ETS.  • Planned and executed several large software development projects: simplification of test creation tool for teachers and integration with competitor and third-party vendor software to gain market share.  • Designed and managed SharePoint websites for project management including document control and project status sites for customer and team communication.  • Developed wire frame mockups (HTML) for business approvals QUALITY SOFTWARE RELEASE MANAGER Environmental Science Research ESRI November 2004 to October 2005 Multiple Projects - Average Team Size: 10; Average Project Costs: $250k -$1M    Responsible for release management and quality assurance for application development projects  • Developed and Implemented project release plans to meet project deliverable schedules.  • Coordinated ESRI technical and testing staff, maintained client relations.  • Created and updated project release documentation and deliverables, such as test pans and scripts, installation guides, release notes, and application media. IT PROJECT MANAGER Guidant January 2002 to November 2004 Multiple Projects - Average Team Size: 15; Average Project Costs: $500k -$3M    Provided project management and application analysis for deployed applications supporting Corporate/Manufacturing Document Control System (Viewpoint and DMRLHR), Label Control system (LCS), Reliability Engineering Lab SQL*LIMS (LTMS) and Bench Test Reporting System (BTRS) and Product Experience and Regulatory Reporting System (VIPER).  • Managed production operating system upgrades to Windows 2000 environment (server/client)  • Developed and maintained Use Case Requirements documents, Test Plans, Test Cases and Scripts.  • Awareness of CDISC and FDA for pharmaceutical compliance. PROJECT MANAGER/SOLUTIONS ARCHITECT Nortel Networks September 2000 to September 2001 Multiple Projects - Average Team Size: 25; Project Costs: $2M -$63M    Provided onsite project management and business analysis services to customers utilizing Clarify CRM software solutions  • Created new business process workflows, cleansed data and developed enhancements in Clarify.  • Provided cost-benefits analysis, information-flows, and project documentation including gap analysis, data mapping, and interface script.  • Developed modifications to GUI interface, configured database with new transition states, status codes and business rules.  • Created multiple project websites for multiple telecommunication customers. SENIOR BUSINESS SYSTEMS ANALYST Introspect Systems May 2000 to November 2000 Multiple Projects - Average Team Size: 15; Average Project Costs: $750k -$3M    Provided business systems analysis for the Clarify CRM application modules for multiple San Francisco Bay area companies. Focus was on Customer Service (Clearsupport), Logistics (Clear Logistics), and the Quality (ClearQuality) module enhancements and implementations.  • Provided Authored system requirements and design specifications, verification and Validation plans, test plans and scripts, completed testing, wrote acceptant and Implementation reports to ensure quality of applications deployed.  • Completed qualification testing coordination and delivered design specification and document files to user. Project Manager Amdahl September 1999 to September 2000 Multiple Projects - Average Team Size: 15; Average Project Costs: $500k -$1M    Provided on site user support and analysis for customer support software, developed documentation for contracts software implementation.  • Spearheaded data mapping project to integrate new software application (Clarify) to highly customized financial reporting system (Essbase).  • Lead integration project to link existing solutions databases to Quality web application. PROJECT MANAGER/BUSINESS SYSTEMS ANALYST Newbridge Networks February 1993 to August 1999 Multiple Projects - Average Team Size: 15; Average Project Costs: $750k -$30M    Defined and analyzed Support Organization's system requirements for CRM software implementation for a new product introduction.  • Analyzed and developed compete documentation for software implementation. Documentation included systems Requirements, Plans, Training Plans and User Guides.  • Provided first and second-level end-user support for global system customers.  • Created GUI interface modification, data structure modification, application business rules, and intranet website to distribute software downloads, FAQs, and user training manuals.  • Completed multiple application upgrades and managed global user-group. Implemented global support centers and provided user training. Education BA in Organizational Management Ashford University - San Diego, CA 2008 BS in Computer Science Madison University closed - Gulfport, MS 2003 Essentials of Project Management Villanova University March 2002 Paradise Valley High School - Phoenix, AZ Skills 4th Dimension (Less than 1 year), CaliberRM (Less than 1 year), CAPA (4 years), Clarify (6 years), CORRECTIVE AND PREVENTIVE ACTION (4 years), Crystal Reports (Less than 1 year), database (1 year), databases (1 year), Documentum (4 years), Essbase (1 year), Facets. (Less than 1 year), FDA (8 years), FrontPage (Less than 1 year), LIMS (7 years), LiveLink (Less than 1 year), Mercury (Less than 1 year), MICROSOFT ACCESS (Less than 1 year), PlanView (1 year), SQL (7 years), Visio (1 year), Estimating, Scheduling, Outlook, budget Certifications/Licenses Driver's License