Program Manager Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> Senior IT Manager Dallas, TX • Highly effective IT leader with extensive Program and Project management experience.  • Proven teambuilder, problem-solver and persuasive negotiator, with great quantitative, and financial prowess, analytical and interpersonal relationship management skills.  • Exceptional track record in cross functional management, mentoring and organizational know-how; with extensive experience in multi-cultural and virtual environments.  • Strong academic background in Business IT and Commerce.  • Experienced in Financial, Healthcare, Telecommunications, Hospitality and Educational industries. Work Experience Program Manager VERIZON - Dallas, TX May 2019 to Present USA Program Manager/Principal Consultant Data Centers February 2019 to Present • Program manager for Cloud Migration initiative moving 183 Applications and 5500+ server instances off the legacy platforms to OCI and AWS cloud infra.  • Acting as a Chef of stuff for the recruitment to the PMO office, conducting interviews and in charge of building out the team of PMs that will help manage migrations and consolidation of Data Centers.  • Established reporting structure for the Various (Infosys, Oracle) vendors deployed across the scope of the program.  • Responsible for collating and providing weekly updates to the senior management. Program Manager CITIGROUP - Dallas, TX September 2014 to February 2019 • Led, trained and supervised an international team of 8-12 PMs to spearhead and deliver highly complex global initiatives. Delivered and implemented a number of programs that support strategic transformation and refresh of the wide array of business needs and applications throughout Citi organization.  • Programs managed for Mexico retail division Banamex include desktop, server migration, AIX-to-Linux, physical to virtual server, iPlanet to IHS, iProcess to AMX BPM, TIBCO, external DMZ and 3rd Party Security monitoring and access delivery, MS Server 2003, HP-UX, RHEL 5,6 refresh programs, "build-the-bank" data center and business development programs, and Agile development and Cloud application platforms. Achieved savings in hardware maintenance and support cost of close to US$ 6 million.  • Worked in an elite squad of project teams to implement Global to Common initiatives that spanned throughout Citigroup global business coverage. These Initiatives achieved a number of advantages in stability, operational improvements, efficiencies and simplifications of the core global IT operational components and produced much more competitive organization as a whole.  • Successfully undertook financial, cross-border, AML, PI, COB and other complex challenges with utmost authority and resolve with a great track record of timely program/ project releases.  • Actively contributed to the deployment and leverage of an on-premise Cloud application platform (PCF) in a DevOps model. Achieved automatization, efficiency, scalability and transparency in Projects and PMO functions and program/ project delivery. Senior Program Manager HEALTHWAYS - Honolulu, HI March 2013 to March 2014 • Successfully managed and delivered a portfolio of 30+ medium to large projects to switch, fix and enhance systems for a pharmacy benefit manager provider healthcare conversion between service providing vendors (Medco to CVS).  • Led a team of 3 senior project managers, managing a matrix of projects with deliverables spanning across 3 major parties; HMSA, CVS Caremark and Healthways and their respective consultants.  • Pioneered the PMI methodologies in the pharmacy department and applied them to new initiatives. Senior IT Project Manager KAMEHAMEHA SCHOOLS - Honolulu, HI May 2012 to March 2013 • Managed projects to build out educational web portals, implement content management systems (OpenText), archive library and educational platforms (Blackboard) and geographical asset management systems (webGIS).  • Led vendor negotiations coauthor/managed RFP, RFQ and contractual documents created for the vendor screening and selection.  • Headed vendor engagement on multiple projects and ran implementation of software as a service (SaaS) system for companywide content management needs.  • Actively participated in the identification and creation of business cases for new project initiatives. IT Project Manager CITIGROUP August 2010 to January 2012 • Managed projects to build out, expand, upgrade, relocate and migrate; systems, applications, offices and branches throughout Japan.  • Run concurrent projects portfolio worth more than US$11 million.  • Rolled out, deployed new concept a Ubiquity - Smart Banking branches, utilizing latest Citi designed technologies, touch screen panels, paperless and human interaction free bank account opening. (Shinjuku E/W, Kobe, Hamamatsu Cho, Osaka, and numerous ATMs throughout Japan)  • Migrated systems for Equities, Fixed Income, Cards, Back Office and other business groups, coordinated/managed IT streams engagement to identify, create and implement the best solutions for the businesses. (Exceed, SOK)  • Expanded circuits, storage, smart banking encryptions, and ATMs capabilities and other system capacities. Upgraded regional data centers to support new business models and increase efficiency. (NAS, Encryptors)  • Delivered on time strategic bank initiatives during the biggest earthquake and nuclear crisis in Japans history.  • Helped run and direct decimated IT department teams due to the 2011 Fukushima earthquake, tsunami and nuclear crisis. IT Project Manager NOMURA SECURITIES - Tokyo, JP June 2007 to November 2009 • Managed segregation activities between ex Lehman Brothers parties and Nomura following Lehman bankruptcy.  • Assisted in Integration processes throughout Nomura organization, served as a liaison between IT infrastructure and other IT teams.  • Negotiated and performed SLA agreements documentation with legacy Lehman Brothers users, Barclay's capital entities.  • Served as a head budget planner for IT infrastructure PMO, project portfolio.  • Planned failover and testing strategies through intense interaction with business groups and work streams.  • Decommissioned multiple sites; client hosting sites, data centers, office spaces in Tokyo. IT Project Manager LEHMAN BROTHERS - Tokyo, JP June 2007 to October 2008 • Delivered fully operational data center with accompanying office space sites for client-hosting and tests utilization.  • Coordinated local vendors and US technical leads on tasks delivery.  • Managed office restacks, BCP office build outs averaging in more than US$1 million.  • Arbitrated IT infrastructure project budgets worth US$65 million.  • Contracted, assessed and trained personnel on notable regional projects; Shenzhen, Hong Kong ODC and Toyosu data center build-out projects.  • Assisted on projects throughout the Asia Pacific region evaluated and presented project statistics by using PERT, CPM and Gantt charts.  • Created a set of Project Management Office policies and procedures.  • Set up web/intranet tool to facilitate constant up to date project presentation, reporting, tracking, and management, uniformed across PMO Asia Pacific projects. IT Generalist / Project Manager THE BOMBAY B.C - London January 2006 to May 2007 • Planned, installed and managed new locations build outs with complete VPN connectivity and VOIP utilization for the multiple locations.  • Enhanced/upgraded network and operational infrastructure by installing new switches, routers, servers and administered Windows servers (DNS, DHCP, SMTP, FTP, AD, etc.).  • Managed day-to-day operations at two business locations; led teams consisting of 20+ people and achieved the highest level of customer service.  • Processed weekly, monthly reports, managed warehouse inventories.  • Coached and mentored personnel on business etiquette with a focus on the team building environment. Management Trainee - Internship Placement HILTON MARCO ISLAND March 2003 to March 2004 One-year management training program. Education Master's in Business Information Technology in Project Management UNIVERSITY OF WESTMINSTER - Westminster Business School May 2007 Bachelor in Management in Commerce in Management and Marketing BRACA KARIC UNIVERSITY - Faculty of Trade - Belgrade, RS December 2002 Skills PMP, Program Management, PMI, Project Management, Apple Certifications/Licenses PMP April 2010 to April 2022