IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project, Program and Portfolio Management, Scrum/Agile, Business Analysis and Business Architecture State College, PA Experienced and passionate project manager and leader. Successful in various IT and non- IT fields. Focused on achieving goals. Bringing broad technical background and wide spectrum of skills and knowledge in various industries to projects, initiatives and teams. Interested in opportunities in Project, Program, or Portfolio management, Business Architecture, and Business Analysis. Work Experience IT Project Manager Pennsylvania State University, PA September 2018 to July 2019 Spearheaded the launch of the first Agile Software Development project based on SCRUM methodology  ? Remedied multiple inherited projects requiring re-estimation and re-planning in collaboration with customers  ? Led concurrent projects in software development, infrastructure, desktop support, and application management  ? Introduced elements of centralized project governance and strategic planning for critical projects  ? Implemented simplified portfolio-level resource management practice in software development area  ? Enhanced the use of project management solution (Workfront) through dashboards and automated reporting Project Leader Mutual Benefit Group - Huntingdon, PA May 2016 to September 2018 Led critical projects involving internal and third-party development teams using Agile and Waterfall  ? Served as single point of contact and vendor manager for important business-process transformation initiatives  ? Initiated risk management and contingency planning for business-critical initiatives  ? Spearheaded project definition process using Project Charter for a business-critical transformation initiative  ? Championed the definition and implementation of the project delivery framework  ? Co-led Duck Creek Policy Administration System migration program for personal and commercial insurance  ? Initiated implementation of Portfolio-level planning and reporting using MS Project and other MS Office tools IT Project Manager Bahá'í World Centre - Haifa, IL October 2012 to November 2015 Managed multiple IT projects with various technical teams, including on-site and overseas technical specialists  ? Conducted a Proof of Concept of MS Project Server 2013 and SharePoint to analyze the investment feasibility  ? Revived, relaunched and led IT projects in infrastructure, data management and application management  ? Delivered business analysis: requirements, business workflows; communicated requirements traceability matrixes, facilitated technical team brainstorming sessions, document analysis, reviews  ? Participated in development and implementation of project management and business analysis frameworks  ? Motivated and designed benefits realization practice for a business-critical enterprise document management revamp Project Manager and Technical Presales BTS Pro SRL November 2007 to October 2012 Managed special projects for key business accounts including government, private and international  ? Facilitated technical aspects of RFIs and RFPs, requirements and feasibility analysis, cost-benefits, and ROI  ? Efficiently directed the work of various technical and non-technical teams, including overseas partners  ? Supervised sales and presales teams, recruited technical specialists, oversaw international collaboration  ? Established initial relationship with important corporate customer resulting in $1 million IT contract  ? Achieved 75% delivery speed increase by optimizing the delivery processes; reduced by 50% the loss occurrences due to inaccurate initial project cost estimations through designing and introducing an estimation tool; reduced by 70% the time needed for preparing specifications through pioneering configuration tools Education Graduate Certificate in Business in Architecture Penn State University December 2019 B.S. in Economics in Management State University of Moldova 2009 Skills MS Project (7 years), Visio (6 years), Sharepoint (4 years), Ms Office (10+ years), MS Power BI (1 year), Basic Networking (3 years), SDLC (5 years), Change management, Data mapping, Project Management (9 years), Information Technology (10+ years), Waterfall (9 years), Scrum Master (2 years), PMP (3 years), ITIL (6 years), Scrum (2 years), Jira (3 years), Agile Scrum, Kanban, Certified Scrum Master, BPMN (5 years), Microsoft PPM (2 years) Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) December 2016 to Present PMP ( Project Management Professional), Project Management Institute (PMI) CSM May 2017 to Present CSM (Certified Scrum Master), Scrum Alliance (2017) Prince 2 January 2013 to Present PRINCE 2 (UK standard for project management practiced worldwide) (2013) Managing Projects and Portfolios with MS PPM System (Microsoft 348) September 2018 Microsoft 348 (Managing Projects and Portfolios with MS PPM System) (2018) ITIL January 2013 to Present ITIL (Information Technology Infrastructure Library) (2013) Additional Information TRANSFERABLE SKILLS  • Language skills: Fluent in Russian, proficient in Romanian, dabble in German  • Facilitation skills: team leadership, direction setting, brainstorming, problem-solving, alternative analysis, change management, SWOT analysis, decision-tree analysis, cause-and-effect analysis and other  • Requirement documentation and process mapping (using BPMN, UML, FlowChart and other techniques), requirements traceability matrix, and data mapping  • Business model analysis using Business Model Canvas  • Project definition using Kick-off, Project Charter, and other techniques  • Project scheduling using PERT, Gantt Chart, Project Approach, and other methods and tools  • Work estimation using WBS, Critical Path, and Critical Chain  • Proactive risk management using Risk Register, RAID, Lessons Learned analysis  • Portfolio-level skills: Strategic definition and alignment, resource management, prioritization (using Balanced Scorecard), portfolio scheduling  • Other: good written and verbal communication skills, team player, extreme reliability (never late with any tasks or assignments), adaptability and flexibility, and strong organizational skills, including time management and leadership  TECHNICAL SKILLS  • Knowledge of SDLC and SCRUM methodologies  • Familiar with TOGAF, Zachman, and BIZBOK frameworks  • MS Office (10+ years), MS Visio (6+ years), MS Project (6+ years)  • Administration of MS Project Server (3 years), MS SharePoint (4 years), MS PPM Solution Online (2 years), Workfront (1 year), MS VSTS (TFS) (2 years)  • MS Power BI (1 year) - data import, creation of datasets, queries, reports and dashboards  • Atlassian Jira (3 years), Confluence (2 years), CRM system (5 years)  • Familiar with Active Directory, Windows Server 2003, Windows Server 2008R2, Windows Server 2012, VMware, MS SQL, Linux  • Administration of Windows XP, Windows 7, Windows 8, Windows 8.1, Windows 10  • Basic knowledge of Networking and IP Configuration  • Basic knowledge of HTML, CSS, XML  • Graphic and video design using Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign, Premiere, After-Effect, Corel Draw  • Operation of professional-grade public address audio equipment and video projectors