IT ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT <span class="hl">IT</span> ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT IT ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT Okemos, MI A poised individual with ~2 years of experience in proven atmospheres of IT Knowledge, Troubleshooting, and Creative Learning. My aim is to have my skills be utilized effectively so that both you and your organization may find my service fulfilling at Accident Fund Holdings. Work Experience IT ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT Delta Township District Library - Lansing, MI May 2007 to June 2009 • Help patrons find and use library resources, such as reference materials, audiovisual equipment, computers and other electronic resources, and provide technical assistance when needed.  • Answer in-person reference inquiries, referring patrons to librarians for further assistance, often.  • Teaching the patrons in understanding of the technology offered, such as Word and Excel processing along with gaining them understanding of how to go about printing materials.  • Maintain and troubleshoot problems with library equipment including computers, photocopiers, and audiovisual equipment. IT INTERN ( PROJECT MANAGER) Michigan State Medical Society - East Lansing, MI June 2006 to August 2006 • Develop and manage work breakdown structure (WBS) of information technology projects.  • Develop or update project plans for information technology projects including information such as project objectives, technologies, systems, information specifications, schedules, funding, and staffing.  • Monitor or track project milestones and deliverables.  • Assess current or future customer needs and priorities through communicating directly with customers, conducting surveys, or other methods.  • Confer with project personnel to identify and resolve problems.  loveforourlord@gmail.com  (517) 604-8346  3882 Dobie Rd Meridian Charter Township, MI, 48864 Education B.A. in Accounting MICHIGAN STATE UNIVERSITY - East Lansing, MI May 2007 Additional Information • Macintosh: OSX Proficient (Up to Catalina 10.15 beta)