Managing Director Managing Director Managing Director - Caesar Consulting Normal, IL I am an Innovative leader with over 20 years of contributions in IT operations management for supply chain and logistics agencies.  Passionate, personable IT manager with track record of success in managing local and offshore team members in daily operations including help desk, technical support, network, and development leveraged to contribute to company operations as Director of IT. Continually demonstrate unwavering commitment to excellence in all areas, lead team members with a strong sense of urgency to complete tasks at their fullest potential. Analytical thinker and fast learner, immediately learn new technologies and skills to meet current standards and business requirements to ensure long-term success. Results-oriented project manager, build and lead local and remote teams of experts in all aspects of the project lifecycle, including scope, milestones, risk management, and completed deliverables on time and on budget; meet with stakeholders and leadership teams to ensure full transparency. Hold PMP certification; expertise in Six Sigma, LEAN, QS14000, ISO 9000, ITIL, Kaizen/Kanban, and MCSA. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Managing Director Caesar Consulting 1998 to Present Meet with representatives from various local small businesses to deliver in-depth expertise in key areas, including data center creations and moves, as well as operations in cryptocurrency mining and distribution centers. Develop unique web applications for clients, and assist them in support and usage; support clients in desktops and servers. Train and mentor company team members in help desk operations within a small to medium-sized business environment.  • Successfully trained and mentored personnel to serve in a 100-team member help desk operation.  • Played key role in the release of 30 server pods comprised of 300 mining servers each, and designed the network blueprints for each pod.  • Developed and implemented add-ons for Quicken and other tax applications specific to a client's needs and requirements.  • Set up a customized inventory system designed to track available windows and siding, leading to a reduction in search time by 60% and inventory costs by $250K.  • Slashed annual network and internet expenditures by $4K for a small business. IT Manager, North America APL Logistics - Chicago, IL 2014 to 2017 Maintained current knowledge in technology trends and advancements. Held responsibility for direct oversight for all departmental daily activities, including workflow review, establishing standards and deadlines, and prioritizing tasks to meet client and employee need; managed numerous projects consecutively and concurrently, in addition to local wireless voice and data vendors for users. Selected, built, and developed talent to serve on local and offshore teams in a 24/7/365 environment responsible for IT failure service-level agreements (SLAs) encompassing 140 countries Interfaced with department leadership, vendors, supervisors, junior employees, and management to reach consensus and advance shared goals. Drafted and responded to requests for proposal (RFPs) in North America. Allocated work among IT personnel, programmers, and systems analysts. Developed budgets for teams, as well as short- and long-term organizational objectives, procedures, and policies. Reviewed project plans to outline next steps and related assignments. Verified requirements in computing and systems by consulting with technicians, managers, users, and vendors. Recommended suitable action plans for improvements upon technology usage review within the company, including software and hardware upgrades. Teamed up with IT specialists located remotely to provide secure B2B communications.  • Successfully built a data center located in Singapore and relocated all company servers from a data center in Malaysia to Singapore, avoiding interruptions to daily operations for the APAC subsidiary.  • Installed and turned up all infrastructure on three warehouses for a Fortune 15 company, receiving the contract from the previous vendor, and successfully completed the turnover in 22 hours while working with minimal access to the facilities and a stringent 36-hour deadline.  • Built a two-shift, 110-member call center in Arizona for the company's international business trade, in addition to a 24/7/365 operation call center in Michigan specifically for tracking inbound parts from Mexico for the automotive industry.  • Successfully built a new local IT support team in less than 90 days.  • Built data centers in Asia and North America to provide virtualized servers, VoIP, ISP, VPN, WAN, firewalls, and honey holes. Senior IT Project Manager APL Logistics/ APL Limited and NOL - Oak Brook, IL 2010 to 2014 Led, managed, and delivered enterprise-wide strategic programs, initiatives, and projects in support of key business objectives and priorities. Spearheaded projects from beginning to end, including program and project scope, milestones, stakeholder management, risk management, organizational impact, cross-functional team leadership and collaboration, budget development and management, action plans, and directing IT program and project activity. Promoted transparency in reporting to senior leadership and stakeholders on project status and implementation.    • Developed and built out a TSA-approved and fully automated container yard (CY) with hardware and software capable of real-time updates for U.S. Customs and TSA personnel, including scanning truck drivers' licenses for comparison against TSA terrorist lists prior to CY admittance with transactions occurring in less than 30 seconds, directing drivers to pickup and dropoff locations, scanning and photographing incoming and outbound containers and chassis for confirmation in 2012.  • Drafted all implementation policies for new facilities surrounding hardware infrastructure, PC deployment, and LAN/WAN technologies based on physical size, function, and location, now standard practice. Regional IT Manager APL Logistics, APL and NOL - Chicago, IL 2001 to 2010 Spearheaded a multifaceted technology support team responsible for delivering end-user support. Developed, planned, and led strategic projects and operational activities impacting designated areas. Utilized sound judgement and extensive experience to brainstorm courses of action to meet objectives. Hired, mentored, and managed regional support staff; facilitated regular team and one-on-one meetings, in addition to annual performance reviews. Tracked IT ticketing system to prioritize tasks and guarantee appropriate resolution per established SLAs. Monitored staff in new hire setup, office moves, and videoconference presentations. Managed network upgrades, office expansions, and relocations, in addition to office asset inventory and equipment purchase requests for peripherals, laptops, and desktops. Developed and implemented policies for department resource governance.  ·        Established SOPs for all office and warehouse Wi-Fi in the U.S. central region for the company and its subsidiaries. Education Political Science Illinois State University - Normal, IL Skills Aironet (Less than 1 year), data center (10+ years), help desk (10+ years), operations (10+ years), VPN (3 years) Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/hodgie-teichmann-87b5459