IT Program / Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Program / <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Program / Project Manager Collegeville, PA Work Experience IT Program / Project Manager AmerisourceBergen Corporation - Chesterbrook, PA March 2013 to May 2019 Providing program / project management services within the Enterprise IT organization.  • Ongoing custom software development of SAP rebates, chargebacks, and contracts modules.  • Infrastructure rollouts include global wired and wireless network refreshes, MPLS circuits, telephony, OS, application, and database upgrades.  • IT integration for Mergers and Acquisitions, and de-integration for Divestitures.  • InfoSec DDOS (Distributed Denial of Service) implementation. Operations Excellence Manager NTT Data, INC - Bala-Cynwyd, PA June 2012 to October 2012 Providing process improvement and project management services within the Corporate IT organization.  • Established IT project cost transparency between Corporate IT and the Business Units through the development and roll-out of a chargeback capability corporate wide.  • Enabled proactive management of contracts that are renewed on a term basis through the development of a Contract Renewals SharePoint site and related processes.  • Enabled the management of controlled documents through the development of a document repository. Project Manager EVOLUTION STAFFING - Conshohocken, PA January 2012 to April 2012 Provided program management services to get a floundering Medical Bill Review Program back on track.  • Consolidated Medical Bill Review Program IT project schedules.  • Determined and leveled resource allocation throughout program.  • Determined program reporting requirements at strategic and tactical levels.  • Established standardized project schedule processes. NTT Data, INC - Bala-Cynwyd, PA November 2006 to April 2011 Consultant/ Project Manager Merck Research Laboratories (MRL) Division 2006 to 2011 Provided portfolio and project management services for the Merck Research Laboratories (MRL) Division  • Managed the implementation of an Enterprise Program Management solution to the global research data management group within MRL. This was a $300k+ project with 50+ users in the US and Japan, and 100+ project schedules.  ? Standardized project scheduling and resourcing providing transparency to all users.  • Coordinated and managed portfolio financial processes (SAP, Portfolio Server) and coordinated portfolio project schedules (Portfolio Server) and procurement activities for project resource acquisition (SAP)    Provided portfolio and financial consulting services for the Global Human Health Division.  • Initiated and rolled out division-wide IT portfolio management system (PMS) and related processes supporting a $110+MM portfolio.  • Collaborated with the Business Management, Client Services, Engineering, and the Service Management organizations in the design and development of the PMS.  ? Spearheaded requirements, design, implementation, rollout, and ongoing management of integration between MS Project Portfolio Server and financials (actuals).  ? Designed portfolio, program, and project level executive reports from Project Portfolio Server and financial data.  • Conducted presentations and training and provided ongoing support for newly implemented portfolio registration and financial processes to ensure adoption and make refinements based on feedback.  • Developed and deployed a SharePoint site for an IT Project Office with the following functionality/content.  ? IT project updates, IT PMO process and procedure documentation, PMBOK documentation Education M.B.A. Temple University - Philadelphia, PA Skills Ms project, Visio, Sharepoint, Ms office, Scheduling, Business analysis, Sales service, Quality assurance, Software quality assurance, Training, PM, Waterfall, PMP, SDLC Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) Driver's License CPIM Present ASCM CPIM Certification: Association for Supply Chain Management Certified in Production and Inventory Management Additional Information SKILLS    • Project Management  • Business Analysis  • Pre- and post- sales service and support  • Technical Training  • Software quality assurance  • MS Office Suite  • MS Project Professional  • MS Portfolio Project Server  • MS Project Server  • Project Web Access (PWA)  • CA PPM (Clarity)  • Web scheduling (CA PPM)  • SharePoint  • Visio