Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager Auburn, CA Proven track record of completing IT Infrastructure projects on-time and within budget following PMBOK methodologies. Manage projects through delivering and following detailed project plans. Successfully managed IT Infrastructure projects for state wide MMIS systems, hospitals and medical office buildings, remodels of existing medical clinics and provideroffices, and deployment of unified communication & call centers (Cisco VOIP, WebEx, Jabber, etc) Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager TeamSOS - Loomis, CA July 2018 to June 2019 Responsible for managing voice and data projects for our clients ensuring that we meet or exceed the expectations of delivering reliable and robust voice and data systems. Consulted with every department how communications flow, ensuring they get the most out of every feature and that it’s setup for fast adoption and long-term success. Completed projects in the area of Cisco Unified Communications, Contact Center, and Networks.  · Managed deployment of Cisco Meraki switches to replace unsupported 2900 series switches  · Deployment of Cisco Blades and CUBEs  · Deployment of Cisco Unified Communications / VMs.   · Deployment of Cisco Call Center / VMs (SocialMiner, Meeting Server, AQM, WFM, etc)  · Deployment of 450 Cisco 8800 series phones.  · Deployment of Jabber and WebEx for 450 users.  · Deployment of Informacast for phone and overhead paging Substitute School Teacher Private Schools, elementary - high school - Sacramento, CA November 2016 to June 2018 Substitute Teacher – Sacramento, CA     Sacramento Country Day School (beginning Fall 2017)  Substitute teacher for elementary, middle schools, and high school classes. Followed lesson plans and school policies to manage the classrooms and teach assigned subjects; English, Spelling, Math, US History, World History, and Art.     Bradshaw Christian Schools   Substitute teacher for elementary, middle schools, and high school classes. Followed lesson plans and school policies to manage the classrooms and teach assigned subjects; English, Spelling, Math, US History, World History, Art, and Biblical Studies.     Capital Christian Middle School  Substitute teacher for Capital Christian Middle School. Followed lesson plans and school policies to manage the classrooms and teach assigned subjects; English, Spelling, Math, US History, World History, Art, and Biblical Studies.    Rosemont High School (2016-2017 school year)  Basketball Coach: Girls JV head coach. Consultant IT Project Manager Kforce - Stanford Health Care - Palo Alto, CA April 2015 to November 2015 Contracted through Kforce: April, 2015 - November, 2015. Performed as consultant project manager leading the upgrade of IT Infrastructure in hospital lab departments and network closets.  • Managed SHC IT resources from cross-functional departments to gather requirements and scope of the projects.  • Worked with key stakeholders on documenting Project Charters and finalizing the scope, schedule and budget for the projects.  • Vendor managed Exante360 for the design and documentation of the cable plant and IDF rooms.  • Leveraged the SHC infrastructure cabling engineer to scope cable requirements and deliver cable scope of work documents to bid for cabling contractors.  • Vendor managed cable contractors the install of fiber and CAT6A copper cabling, and for the removal of old cabling.  • Leveraged SHC Field Services to remove desktop computers, printers VOIP phones, and other IP devices from areas scheduled to be renovated. Reinstall devices in temp areas so the department can continue working while original space is under remodel construction.  • Leveraged SHC network engineers to procure and install Cisco blade switches for Cisco 4500 series chassis. Activate ports and install patch cables as necessary. Consultant IT Project Manager Apex Systems - NetExperts - San Francisco, CA October 2013 to February 2014 Purpose for the upgrade was to insure adequate WLAN connection for Epic EMR system and to RFID track electronic devices.  • Managed the deployment of 400 Cisco 3602i Access Points (APs) at Sutter Health hospitals on three CPMC campuses in San Francisco, CA, which consisted of new installs and the replacement of Cisco model 1231 at existing locations to get the campuses ready for Epic EMR go-live to run on re-designed wireless network.  • Established kickoff meeting and weekly status meetings leveraging Sutter IT and NetExpert IT resources to go over progress and issues of the project.  • Established a daily status report to capture daily progress and next steps for NetExperts resources.  • Established weekly reports that were distributed every Friday to NetExperts and Sutter IT senior stakeholders.  • and environment, capture business requirements, and then to establish the schedule and plan for infrastructure upgrade.  • Co-managed the coordination of Sutter IT and cabling resources the install of CAT 6 cables for new Cisco AP locations.  • Co-managed with Sutter facility services the paint and patch of walls where old Cisco APs were removed. Consultant IT Project Manager Encore Health Resources - Stanford Health Care - Palo Alto, CA January 2013 to August 2013 Contracted through Encore Health Resources: January, 2013 - August, 2013. Performed as consultant project manager leading the IT Infrastructure upgrades for private provider practices and clinics that signed alliance agreements with Stanford Health Care - UHA for the use of Epic EMR program.  • Established kickoff meetings and weekly status meetings leveraging UHA IT analysts, network engineers, and members of the provider offices to assess providers workflow, current IT and network environment, capture business requirements, and then to establish the schedule and plan for infrastructure upgrade.  • Worked with IT service provider, U.S. Wired, to standardize a formal engagement process and documenting requirements for IT infrastructure upgrades. This led to the development of a standardize Statement of Work (SOW) document that captures the requirements and lists the scope of work for each UHA project.  • Vendor managed U.S. Wired IT deployment contractors for the deployment of HP AIO computers, wireless carts, Ricoh MFC/network printers and remote printers, smart UPS and appliance servers, Cisco 2901 routers, Cisco 3750x switches, and build HIM cloud folders for secured scanning and storage of PHI data.  • Vendor managed electrical and cable contractors to install electrical wiring and new LAN cabling for infrastructure upgrades.  • Procured and oversaw the install of bundled T1 and MetroE circuits.  • Secured and assigned static IPs for Epic EMR printer routing.  • Vendor managed U.S. Wired resources for the development and deployment of HIM secure cloud folders for secured scanning and storage of PHI documents. Consultant IT Project Manager Experis IT - Hewlett Packard - Roseville, CA June 2011 to June 2012 Consulted as IT Project Manager for Hewlett Packard to implement IT Infrastructure for HP to take over and support the State of Nevada's Medicaid Management Information System (MMIS).  • Followed established Communication Plan on updating Project Dashboard at the end of each week, facilitating weekly status meetings, change management meetings, project reviews, and delivering weekly status reports as require by the project  • Leveraged HP personal consisting of technical leads, systems engineers and analysts, network engineers and analysts, and technical writers to develop and deliver technical requirements and business requirements documents  • Managed leverage HP network resources for the procurement and install of HP A5500 switches, HP A-MSR50 routers, and Cisco ASA 5520 firewalls for High Availability Networks.  • Manage leveraged HP system engineers for the procurement and install of Windows servers, Citrix servers, proxy/load balancer servers, and active directory servers.  • Vendor managed Verizon Business for the install of MPLS and T1 circuits.  • Participated in documenting process for identifying defects and enhancements and scheduling fixes or enhancements for Release Management. IT Infrastructure Project Manager Kaiser Permanente - Sacramento, CA August 2005 to June 2010 Project Manager for IT Infrastructure in Capital Projects. Responsible for managing the design and install of IT infrastructure for Main Loan Fund projects with budgets of over $1,000,000.00 to Preventive Maintenance and Relocation projects with budgets as low as $20,000.  Notable accomplishments: Directly responsible for the successful opening of the Modesto Medical Office Building/Hospital Service Wing (MOB/HSW) in October, 2007; Modesto Hospital in October, 2008; and the Roseville Women and Children's Center in January 2009. While successfully completing these projects I congruently completed smaller relocation and Move/Add/Change (MAC) projects at KP facilities in the Sacramento and Central Valley areas. The following is a list of technologies I was responsible for implementing on any given project.  • Software/Applications: Managed PC technicians to image PCs and load Windows software applications and other applications such as eConsult, Tolentos, Dragon Dictate, etc. Also managed Implementations Projects Managers (IPMs) to install and QA the HealthConnect (Epic) EHR applications and print routing networks. IPMs ensured that the standardized workflow coincided with the navigator options of the Epic application and that it met print routing requirements prior to hospital or MOB go-lives.  • Telecom: Vendor managed Verizon Business and ComNet Technology to design, install, and program Nortel PBX phone systems, Call Pilot voice mail systems, and Spectralink/Polycom wireless phone systems. Vendor managed Quality Sound to interface Spectralink phones with the Nurse Call systems. Managed telephony engineers and telephony analysts to work with vendors on the design and installs of the phone systems.  • Broadband: Vendor managed Tripower to design, program, install, and configure Distributed Antenna Systems (DAS) using Mobile Access technology for building cellular services and for first responder/public safety communications.  • Networks: Managed network engineers to design, program, and configure WAN/LAN system, using Cisco 3700 series WAN routers with 2500 series term servers. Designed LAN using Cisco Catalyst 6500 series core switches with multilayer 3550/48-port switches. Vendor managed TD Communications to rack and stack and cable manage install of Cisco network equipment.  • System Servers: Managed systems engineers to design, program, and configure application servers, active directory servers, and print servers. Vendor managed TD Communications to install and cable manages HP DL360G4 – DL380G5 servers for support of the data networks.  • IT Deployment: Vendor managed PC-Pro, Blue Current, Milestone, and Royce Digital to install and cable manage desktop PCs, printers, fax machines, and peripheral devices on assigned projects. Managed project coordinators and business consultants to acquire business requirements and procure equipment.   • Clinical Technologies: Co-managed, with CTPMs, the vendors from GE Healthcare and Philips Healthcare for installs of the Telemetry, Fetal Monitoring, and Patient Monitoring systems.  • Cable: Managed Infrastructure Cabling Engineer (ICE) to design the cable plant to meet the telephony, IT network, and broadband communication requirements. Managed Carrier Engineer to work with ICE, telephony engineers and network engineers to design outside plant cable requirements. Oversaw the cable install of 62.5 and 50 micron single-mode and multimode fiber, Cat 3, Cat 5, Cat 6, and Cat 6e copper cable, and install of RF insulated copper coax cable for DAS communication. Education M.A. in Organizational Leadership Chapman University - Orange, CA 2004 Certificate in Project Management UC Davis - University Extension - Davis, CA 2001 B.A. in Management Saint Mary's College of California - Moraga, CA 2000 Skills Microsoft Office, MS Projects, Project Management, Vendor management, IT Infrastructure, IT Depolyment, Teamwork Development, Customer Service, Budgeting, Forcasting, Scheduling, Leadership (10+ years), PM, SDLC, Waterfall, Project Management Additional Information • Versed in PMBOK project management methodology; possess extensive experience leading full life-cycle IT infrastructure projects including data center and facility start up, moves and builds, systems implementation and upgrades.   • Skilled in using RPM, PPM, Time Wizard, Open Projects, MS Project, and Excel Spreadsheets to manage projects.   • Fluent in using Remedy and Clarify CRM applications to coordinate resources.  • Experienced in working with cost estimating (ETC), forecasting, budgeting, and managing cash flow.   • Solid experience in vendor sourcing, selection and management; versed in issuing RFQ/RFP/RFIs, contract negotiation, Purchase Orders (PO) and tracking equipment delivery, and issuing Scope/Statement of Work (SOW) documentation.  • Delegate tasks and responsibility to resources to complete milestones in each phase of the projects. Experienced in leading small and large number of resources to complete projects. Developed teams between 5 – 30 members.   • Skilled in facilitating meetings with Business Analysts, technical SMEs, business SMEs, Technical Writers, and other key stakeholders to capture high level requirements, detailed business requirements, and deliver them in formal documentation.   • Skilled in producing Communication plans, facilitating project status meetings and delivering project status reports.  • Understand HIPAA rules and regulations, and familiar with OSHPD regulations as it relates to IT infrastructure at inpatient facilities.   • Versed in WebEx, Outlook, and Instant Messaging for communication and facilitating virtual meetings.