IT Specialist <span class="hl">IT</span> Specialist Ormond Beach, FL Work Experience IT Specialist Palindrome Consulting October 2018 to June 2019 Providing phone and on-site support for a wide variety of businesses including medical, legal practices and tax services. Program and install Star 2 Star hosted voice services. Train users for operation of new systems. Weekly site visits to assist clients with hands on support and configuration of new equipment and software. Microsoft Office 365 online, on premise Exchange server, Teams, and hosted voice solutions, (VOIP). Recently completed several voice service's cut overs to Star 2 Star system. Work closely with vendors and technical staff to complete tasks. IT Consultant | Technical Services Across Oceans Group August 2017 to October 2018 Director of Information Technology at Across Oceans Group with 16 years experience in the cruise industry. Provides leadership for the ~~~~~~ development of an innovative, robust, and secure information technology environment throughout the cruise industry.  The primary responsibilities for this office encompass a wide variety of strategic technology issues: governance and policy, resource allocation, information technology protocols, and the cruise industry Information Technology organization. Across Oceans Group Information Technology provides support for security and technology, delivery of IT infrastructure and services, information security systems and compliance, administrative systems, and client support services. System Administrator / IT Manager Bahamas Paradise Cruise Line July 2002 to August 2017 7/2002 - 8/2017  Responsible for all technical operations at corporate office and on board the ship. System administration of Office 365, IBM, and all versions of Windows server. Migration of corporate servers to VMWare virtual environment to improve network security and availability. Supervise hospitality and call center solutions implementation and management.    System Administrator / IT Manager  • Project Manager migrating Exchange 2003 to Office 365 2016, IT infrastructure moves, and many website integrations providing eCommerce platforms increasing corporate revenue. (DNS) transfers and website deployments. VOIP and Call Center applications.  • Consult management teams making recommendations for IT solutions improving automation of eCommerce systems, sales, services and customer experience increasing revenue.  • Establish vendor accounts for purchasing equipment required insuring PO's are issued, delivery tracking, RMA's and invoice reconciliations.  • Coordinate office network build including servers, VOIP phone systems, HA firewalls and switches. Setup and configuration of call center management tools, including call accounting, call reporting automation.  • Manage user move, setup and configuration AMOS, Navision version 4 and Dynamics, and 365 Exchange server.    • Deployment and administration of NAS, Windows Storage, Drobo and Transporter network addressable storage servers. 5 years experience  • Coordinated the migration of network infrastructure from several cruise ships.  • System administrator performing end user adds moves and changes. Print and file server access. Install and configure many third party applications.  • Monitor overall system performance.  • Administer Toshiba CIX phone system, ACD server, Insight ACD monitoring and reporting systems.  • Managed rollout of Allwox, FortiVoice and Pantera Cloud VOIP systems, user training and ongoing administration.  • Administer Compleo document server for automated sending of cruise confirmations.  • Hub Manager and ADT door security systems.  • Work closely with developers implementing Ecommerce integration with various web services.  • Active Directory and Group Policies.  • Completed migration of Exchange 2003 to Office 365 cloud services.  • Initiated network backup procedures and eVault backup appliance for disaster recovery.  • Administration of Anti Virus servers and end points. Symantec and Viper  • Involved in the selection of new local and long distance service providers SLA's.  • Manage corporate web site. http://www.bahamasparadisecruise.com  • Software license compliance.  • Oversee all technical operations onboard ship.  • Provide customer help desk service and support for many applications. Project Management ChoicePoint Public Records Group 1999 to 2002 1999-2002  During my employment with ChoicePoint, I received several letters and spot bonuses in recognition of exceptional performance.  Project Management  • Projects successfully completed, providing increased employee efficiency, corporate savings, and generate increased annual revenue.  • Research using the Internet and other resources to implement many systems automation applications and hardware providing improved customer service.  • Writing of business relation documentation, implementation plans, and training tutorials.    • Technical lead person, coordinating the successful rollout of projects.    Systems Administrator  • Primary job responsibilities include NT and application level administration of servers.  • RightFax servers - Primary and remote board servers were completely built and configured. Integration's developed for several legacy systems.  • ProCenter MX Email server - Customer feedback from multiple company web sites routed from Exchange server to call center agent pools to be handled.  IVR (Interactive Voice Response) - System configured to interface with back end Oracle data bases and fax back customer requested documents. Transfer customers to requested ACD groups.    • EDMS (Electronic Document Management System) - Alchemy Gold researched and configured for conversion of approximately 500,000 documents to be stored with LAN accessibility.  • Intranet Advisory Board - Design and maintain corporate intranet site. Experienced with Dreamweaver, Front Page, and Netscape Composer.  • RightNow Web administrator - Also responsible for the research and roll out of this web based customer service application. Product Manager MacroVoice Corp 1993 to 1999 • Worked with customers and developers providing custom applications and routing of automated attendant.  • Traveled extensively providing training, troubleshooting and onsite support for our vendors.  • Developed many integration packages for voice mail platform and phone systems.  • Provided level 2 technical support via phone and email.  • Technical writing of product manuals, user guides and all training materials. Education Air Force Hollywood Education Center - Fort Lauderdale, FL 1975 to 1977 Bachelors Degree in Electronics Engineering in electronics American Trades Institute - Fort Lauderdale, FL New Horizons Computer Training Center - Sunrise, FL Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/daniel-parfitt-8857771b Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  Operating Systems Windows Workstation XP, 2007, and 2010  Server Systems 2003, 2012 R2, IBM OS400, Exchange, Terminal Server  Servers HP/Compaq, Dell, IBM  Applications Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint, Outlook, Vision, Dreamweaver, Adobe  Backup Software Evault Software Central, Tapeware  Backup Hardware NAS, Transporter Appliance, HP 8mm/4mm DAT, Drobo  Anti-Virus McAfee, Symantec End Point, Viper  Telecom Toshiba CIX, Allworx, FortiVoice, Pantera    Daniel Parfitt (954) 258-4712 dlparfitt17@gmail.com