IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager Blackshear, GA Experienced and enthusiastic IT Project Manager relocating to Jacksonville Florida. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager OAO Ros Telecom - Moscow, RU January 2014 to March 2019 Delivered a variety of medium to large scale software development projects on time, within budget and compliant with government specifications. Responsible for the creation and maintenance of all scope deliverables including, but not limited to project charters, schedules, product and sprint backlogs, Kanban boards, burndown charts, meeting minutes, and financial tracking sheets. Successfully managed a team of diversified skill sets through sprints into production environment for identity management roll out within digital and e -services platforms. During sequential phases of the project prepared, schedules, project charter, assisted with technical requirements and design specifications. Managed contractual obligations with various governmental agencies and regulatory committees to implement compliancy on the state and federal level for the digital services initiatives. Organized customer projects by liaising with all stakeholders and business units and third-party vendors to ensure that all deadlines were met on time and within budget. Ensured resources were allocated appropriately, managed scope crepe, mitigated risks and tracked project metrics and KPIs. Healthcare Trainer/ Project Manager Boston Medical Center HealthNet Plan, 2 Copley Place - Boston, MA December 2012 to November 2013 Trained claims and medical staff on Facets 5.0 and CCMS McKesson medical billing and prior authorization applications. Responsible for developing training documentation and job aids. Updated designed, developed job aids, Claims training materials. Project managed departmental new products and services training initiatives. Partnered with IT, Business Integration and Provider relations departments to be a focal point to coordinate and implement upgrades to Medicaid Claims processing. Provided on-going feedback, reporting, documentation processing, training plans, training matrix, and participants' performance to the Leadership program development. Organized logistics and requirements to support internal clinical training on data integration upgrades. Registered users in LMS, created user profiles, provided department managers with LMS reporting, evaluated LMS platform to provide the best and up to date training to employees. Total Solutions Project Manager Broadview Networks - Boston, MA November 2007 to October 2012 Broadview Networks, the Total Solutions Company, delivers a broad array of integrated communications solutions, including voice; data; Internet and IP based solutions, as well as premium quality hardware to businesses throughout the Northeast of USA.  Managed the SDLC cycle of the hardware and software installation of VoIP, and cloud phone systems. Coordinated logistics for the installation of the total solutions package, coordination of the internal stakeholders, customers, vendors and internal resources from the point of sale through the final install and acceptance. Tracked 1.5 mil-5mil budgets, created reports, recommendations for improvement; provided support for production issues such as monitoring production cycles, performing configuration updates, and testing production fixes; worked with outsourced vendors to monitor and ensure appropriate support levels. Monitored SDLC deliverables and ensured the review of project strategies and design. Communicated technical status updates to leadership, stakeholders, technical teams through status reporting and minutes. IT Project Manager BCBSRI / PEROT Systems - Providence, RI April 2007 to October 2007 Major Achievements  Delivered full life cycle and management of IT software development projects for LRSP, U277 and SSCOR billing enhancements to the Claims processing system in the MF environment. Responsible for the overall billing enhancement UB04 and CMS 1500 processing systems project plan, budget, schedule and staffing requirements with a major emphasis on management of deliverables and coordination of internal IS and IT teams. Used and applied BCBSRI strategy and BCBSRI measurement models to translate appropriate business needs into technology project solutions compliant with HIPPA requirements and ISO standards and ultimately align these solutions with organizational strategic objectives.  Successfully managed the consolidation of the Administrative rights within Security and IT environments. Lead teams at BCBSRI, customer and offshore resource while ensuring good practices in standard methodologies and processes are used throughout the engagement to deliver an integrated solution in implementing Identity Management security solution. Acted as a business partner and business analysts in development of the new Task Orders, Business Requirements, and delivery of the phase 1 of the IM integrated solution for BCBSRI. Program Manager AWS - Redmond, WA January 2001 to March 2007 AT&T Wireless is the largest independently traded wireless carrier in the USA and the second largest carrier measured by revenue, which provides wireless communication to businesses and individuals across the world. Reporting to the Director of Information Technology, my responsibilities included:  Developing and standardizing the Project Management process across the organization.  Directed project planning, milestone scheduling, and resource management with full P&L accountability for budgets as well as fiscal success for all initiatives.  Managing scope, cost estimation, vendor bidding and full migration including internal and external customers. This often-included writing proposals and requirements for customers.  Full accountability for successful data, hardware and facilities move over a 3-year period. Successfully managed end-to-end Bothell Data Center Migration from old legacy systems to new secure networking standards.  Major Achievements at AT&T Wireless:  Met all CALEA network delivery objectives to wiretap wireless telephones despite a 60% project schedule acceleration following the 9/11 attacks. Provided comprehensive leadership and facilitation of the national roll out and software implementation.  Managed a full messaging software development cycle for SMS, prepaid wireless voice, and data by deploying E911 phase II and I voice and data security devices, developing business training tools and managing implementation of the training website for the internal customers. Skills DATA INTEGRATION, SDLC, BILLING, MCKESSON, CLAIMS