SR IT PMO MANAGER SR <span class="hl">IT</span> PMO <span class="hl">MANAGER</span> SR IT PMO MANAGER - 3M Company Austin, TX Work Experience SR IT PMO MANAGER 3M Company - Austin, TX July 2013 to Present Manage and lead a large portfolio of acquisition/divestiture IT projects and Operations that includes key technology integrations with direct management of 3+ project managers, over 50+ AGILE/SCRUM offshore/onshore/remote matrixed resources. Managed division wide program P/L from $7M-$10M size and vendor staff.    Key Contributions:  • Collaborate with leadership to drive efficiency recommendations and facilitate improvement  recommendations for hybrid/traditional project methods supporting IT PMO program. Using Jira,  increased customer satisfaction by allowing them access to stories, execution plans, etc.  • Delivered AGILE/SCRUM MVP application migration strategies and modern technology architectures to optimize service capabilities for mobile applications(iOS/Android) reducing the backlog by 50%.  • Supply Chain design and strategy for enabling scrum implementation of authenticity security solution into Microsoft Azure Cloud. Grew the service by adding 50% more products, a mobile solution, and multi-language capabilities. Developed IT infrastructure and application play book and go to market strategies with key stakeholders including providing analytics for measuring success.  • Facilitated requirements, planning, design, budget, and migration of high-availability CJIS certified datacenter IT components. Developed processes and decreased legacy infrastructure footprint by 45%.  • Implemented HP Project Portfolio Management (HP PPM) toolset for transportation division.  Introduced 8 new dashboards that reduced IT Labor Expense and budget overruns by $650K. Included  salesforce.com integration, tableau analytics and support plan  • Delivered PCI DSS program to support tolling application customer including service support lifecycle improvements, disaster recovery options, and compliance plans that provided over $3M in cost avoidance penalties.  • Manage day-to-day project staff on program delivery, ensuring best practice Agile methods, operational excellence to ensure quality frameworks for project success. Track SLA's, KPI's for products/services. SENIOR TECHNICAL SUPPORT MANAGER University of California Davis Health System - Sacramento, CA April 2011 to July 2013 Managed the daily duties of more then 45+ IT infrastructure staff for the technology division. Process  improvement /implementation of ITIL based Incident, Service, and Problem management processes for all systems. Strategic conversions of outdated IT infrastructure including management $3-$5M budget.    Key Contributions:  • As liaison between IT and the business users, built relationships that transformed "silo" mentality into a strategic partnership focused on jointly achieving business results for all functions of the IT division  to support the use and expansion of the EPIC EMR. Increased customer satisfaction scores  10%. IT coordination of live go-live events, site coordination of external vendors, and managing help- desk support to ensure that SLA's/KPI's were met.  • Delivered planning, support plan, and deployment of 650+ barcode scanners to support the EPIC  pharmacy project. Supported go-live implementation, stabilization, and process improvement.  • Successfully managed projects that supported the IT technology functions (Server, Storage, and Network) for the enterprise helping support EPIC infrastructure Electronic Medical Record (EMR)  deployments. Reduced IT infrastructure footprint and redundancy by more than 50%.  • Developed new process and technical packaging for Inpatient EPIC Willow clinical pharmacy  application in response to customer requirements and HIPAA compliance.  • Introduced planning, implementation, and deployment of Office 365 migration of 14,000 users from IBM Lotus Notes to Outlook/Exchange. Once migrated, this will save the organization over $1.5M in  support costs. IT FIELD OPERATIONS SUPPORT MANAGER Kaiser Permanente - Vallejo, CA February 2007 to April 2011 Overall responsibility for the daily IT management of more then 30+ technical staff/contractor's  operational resources in an 80-mile area. Responsibility for a $1-$2M area technology budget.  Key Contributions:  • Managed over 8,000 computers/servers and 2 Data centers (Server, Storage, and Network). in improved service area efficiency metrics for the site from 95% to 98%.  • Spearheaded the planning, implementation, and migration from legacy systems of the IT operational components of the EPIC Electronic Medical Record(EMR) healthcare program (7000 users). Ensure compliance to HIPAA, SOX,JCAHO, and other regulations.  • Implementation, planning, and deployment of EPIC IT infrastructure hardware to support a new  802.11g WLAN for two new major Hospitals (279 AP's) and (269) wireless carts. Deployed advanced  telephony switch to support 2 hospitals; this increased reliability for calls and services to staff.  • Grew coordination, planning and strategy of cross functional team to implement new Emergin bed management system for pilot hospital. Coordinated all aspects of technical design and program management. PROGRAM / PROJECT MANAGER Visa, Inc August 2005 to February 2007 Developed, executed, and managed the long-term strategic direction for the IT team to ensure alignment with the company's corporate goals to go public.    Key Contributions:    • Created projections, priorities, justifications, and milestones for coordinated implementation of the Global Systems Management program at Visa, including overall responsibility for the successful planning and execution of all projects within the Program.  • Managed joint planning efforts with the client and internal resources to ensure program, project  success and SOX audit compliance; while consistently validating that all deliverables are aligned with business, technical objectives, and best practices procedures.  • Generated financial and customer satisfaction metrics for the portfolio that detailed % Variance from budgets and targets. Developed Statements of Work and project work plans that identified and scheduled deliverables, milestones, project dependencies, and required tasks efficiently, removing barriers and leveraging resources. Education Master of Science in Information Technology University of San Francisco Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering Howard University Skills Excel, Sharepoint, PMP, Project Management, Manual Testing, Program Management, Quality Engineering