Consultant - Technical Project Manager Consultant - Technical <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Consultant - Technical Project Manager King of Prussia, PA Work Experience Consultant - Technical Project Manager YOH August 2017 to July 2018 Managing datacenter network equipment upgrades for SAP Global Network Services Consultant KJD Consulting Group April 2015 to August 2017 King of Prussia  Various client assignments:  • Research and selection of an Applicant Tracking system for a medium size company  • Develop employee cybersecurity policies for a startup company  • Research and selection of a Time and Attendance system  • Office 365 trial, implementation and administration for a non-profit IT Operations Architect Sunoco, Inc June 2001 to April 2015 Greater Philadelphia Area  Ongoing Responsibilities included:  • Technology Roadmapping  Periodic reviews of infrastructure products and services. Roadmaps show current state as well as multi-year forward view. Projects necessary to deploy new products and services were noted, as well as alignment with business initiatives.  • Project Portfolio Management  Chaired bi-weekly senior IT managers meeting. This group reviewed proposed projects using project initiation documents and gave final approval to either place new project in the execution queue or take some other action.  • Project Initiation  Chaired bi-weekly meetings of a group of subject matter experts. This group reviewed project charter, scope and requirements for clarity and completeness. Also checked adherence to standards and reasonability of estimates (effort, duration and financial). This forum was an initial gate for projects undertaken by Infrastructure Services.  As part of project initiation, risk of introducing new infrastructure technologies had to be recognized, assessed and, if necessary, risk mitigation proposed.  • Outsourcing  Ownership of all infrastructure activities and issues related to application development and maintenance outsourced to India. This included initial setup and ongoing operation.  • Security Policy and Standards  * Participation on Steering Committees for various infrastructure projects. Examples: periodic desktop hardware and OS upgrades, development of VDI infrastructure, BYOD service development.  * Member of CISO security forum. Approval responsibility for patching decisions, firewall filters and other enterprise cybersecurity decisions.  * Oversight of end-user environment design and operation, including security measures (e.g. policies, Mobile Device Management).  * Member of a team planning, designing, implementing and testing Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery related policies, procedures, and processes.  * On Change Management Board (all infrastructure changes).  * Member of security incident response team and business continuity response team.  * Developed cybersecurity policies/guidelines (e.g. mobile device use, mobile device configuration).  * SaaS application acquisition guidelines ( IT & Information Security aspects).  • Business Line Consulting  Collaborating with various departments on technology solutions to business issues.  Example: PCI-DSS related projects with Marketing  * Separation of card processing environment (servers, workstations) from the rest of enterprise network; deployed Citrix in DMZ.  * Selection and implementation of a two-factor authentication solution to limit PCI scope.  * Encryption of database tables and files containing card numbers.  * Tokenization to preserve Analytics capability.  * Source code scanning for vulnerabilities; deployed IBM AppScan for source code scanning.  * Securing of transmissions with banks; deployed Sterling Commerce Connect:Direct and secure FTP.  * Remediation of any infrastructure issues, following PCI audit (e.g. two factor authentication to remedy mainframe inability to accommodate userid greater than 6 characters).  Example: compliance related projects with Legal  * Designed and implemented a solution for preserving data from selected end-user equipment. The goal was to allow eDiscovery while observing rules of evidence.  * Other compliance efforts (SOX, handling of Personally Identifiable Information).  * Designed and implemented a solution for preserving mailboxes of employees involved in legal matters. The goal was to extract mailboxes from a cloud based email system and make them available for eDiscovery on company premises.  • Evaluation of New Technologies  Using dedicated budget, evaluated many infrastructure technologies. Held a Gartner IT Leader seat to help with that effort. Some evaluations resulted in pilot projects, on occasion leading to full implementation. IT Manager Sunoco, Inc - Philadelphia, PA March 1996 to June 2001 • Managed DBA function in support of multi-site refinery ERP system and other applications.  • Managed rollout of Windows 95 to multiple refinery sites.  • Managed implementation of several refinery applications. Examples include: rotating equipment maintenance system, work permit management system, bar code based rail car management system.  • DMZ and network segmentation design for regulated and sensitive environments (e.g. NERC, process control networks).  • Assessment of Philadelphia Refinery Cogen Unit' NERC CIP compliance.  • Participated in development Homeland Security mandated physical security measures for refineries (e.g. CCTV).  • Developed and supported Crystal Reports based reporting facility. IT Manager Trading and Wholesale Business Unit 1996 to 1998 Managed business analysis, software development and support and DBA activities for Chemicals, Trading and Wholesale Business Unit Systems Analyst Sunoco, Inc December 1989 to March 1996 Greater Philadelphia Area  Business analysis, systems design, programming, DBA, for Crude and Product Trading and Supply Business Unit.  Example: Developed pipeline nomination planning application.  Evaluation and adoption of software development and database products for Technology Group. Education Master's in Electirical Engineering, Industrial Automation Poznan University of Technology - Poznan, Poland October 1968 to March 1974 Certifications/Licenses ITIL V3 Foundation November 2013 to Present ITIL Intermediate CAP-OSA March 2016 to Present PMP June 2015 to June 2021 CISSP November 2016 to November 2019