Vice President Vice President Vice President - DevOps (Global Consumer Banking) Plano, TX Sonia is an established IT Professional (ITIL and PMP Certified) having over 18 years of overall experience in IT industry owning the Program/ Project Deliveries (PMP and APMP) with high focus on Maintaining and Improving Business (Operational KRA's/ KPI's and Client Satisfaction) across different Industry verticals like Banking, Telecom, Retail, e-Commerce etc. for Multinational Organisations and have managed Large Complex IT projects. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Vice President Citi - Dallas, TX December 2018 to Present • Manage service delivery and website/systems reliability and scalability including: reporting, configuration and build, testing, planning, and deployment of solutions and will be accountable for all aspects of deployment and technical operations including technical project resources (partners/subcontractors or staff), scheduling, risk management, internal and external communications, status reporting, and resource management (internal and partners)  • Manage and appropriately escalates delivery impediments, risks, issues, and changes associated to the product development initiatives   • Assign and monitor work of technical personnel, ensuring that application development and deployment is done in the best possible way, and implements quality control and review systems throughout the development and deployment processes   • Evaluate technological choices (network/hardware related and technology/code related) by querying providers and providing evaluations of each solution include ROI evaluations in the present and future implications, limitations, and opportunities   • Exercise broadly delegated authority for planning, directing, coordinating, administering, and executing both routine and complex technical elements of technical operations   • Manage analysis and approval of new code through security and performance gates that you will design and develop for feature-complete software. Be an advocate for security and performance standards in the organization   • Manage operational aspect of production and development servers including developing, training in, and validating compliance with procedures and checklists related to disk space usage, monitoring solutions, deployment, conventions, access to the production and development sources, source control access and usage, performance monitoring, code modifications validation, scheduling, and more   • Works within IT, cross-functionally and with vendors, in order to successfully identify, prioritize, and resolve issues and provide subject matter expertise for enhancements, developments, and operational improvements to the website applications that Yoga Alliance relies on   • Identify trending gaps or issues in day-to-day performance of all website applications and components hosted by Yoga Alliance and third party vendors including by active monitoring, alert management, reporting, and process reviews   • Maintain issue tracking and documentation systems and provides reporting that ensures proper tracking and visibility of issues and projects Program Manager- Infrastructure Fiserv - Pune, Maharashtra February 2017 to April 2018 • Responsible to lead Project Management team for Infrastructure delivery of technology platform (Agiliti - Integrated Banking Solution)  • Responsible for running high dollar projects with a large amount of complexity and customer interface and associated stages of the success of a project including: the funding, planning, scheduling, implementation and tracking process  • Ensuring risk management strategies are followed and reviewed within guidelines, and plan and set project goals and milestones based on approved SOW  • Work closely with SMEs, design and implement infrastructure related projects in multiple test and production environment  • Lead Infrastructure delivery of technology platform (Agiliti) in close engagement with various partners and suppliers  • Compliance to the strategies and processes as defined by product and/or ER&R team  • Translating technical issues into business language that can be clearly articulated and understood by the wider business community  • Execute with SME teams and provide line management to the team  • Responsibility includes implementation of all facets for ITIL/ Sig Sigma for Problem Management and Incident Management including Root Cause Analysis (RCA's) Sev 1/ Sev 2, and chronic incidents that impacts the business Delivery Manager Tech Mahindra - Pune, Maharashtra December 2015 to December 2016 Tech Mahindra Ltd.: Part of the Mahindra Group, Tech Mahindra is a US$3.68 billion company with 105,000+ professionals across 51 countries. It provides services to 788 global customers including Fortune 500 companies. It is also one of the Fab 50 companies in Asia, a list compiled by Forbes. Tech Mahindra ranked #5 in India's software services ( IT) firms    Responsible for leading Due Diligence and Transition plans and activities for BU of Everything Everywhere (EE - A British Telecom Subsidiary) to offshore.  • Responsible for leading a team of 10 Dedicated Project Managers and manage overall Transition Plan and BAU services, ensuring the all legal, business and technical obligations are met as per agreed business deliverables.  • Own Transition Balanced Scorecard which provides high level view on Customer, Financial, Operational Excellence and Learning & Development.  • Manage e2e responsibility of Project Management, not restricted to People, Processes and Technology part, but also owning Customer Relationship, Risk and Mitigation & Dependencies and Governance Plan with high visibility on P&L  • Own and Define Critical Business Tenants for Transition and Manage the Projects  • Project Management Process - the project team completes a definition and planning phase to ensure the scope of the project and its accompanying risk factors are understood and agreed.  • Project Organisation and Responsibilities - members of the project team define and agree the key project team members and their roles and responsibilities, including appropriate client sponsorship and involvement to ensure project results are achieved.  • Project Phases - work is phased to provide the opportunity to reassess risks at key milestones throughout the project.  • Project Management System - a management system is established to define and apply the appropriate governing processes for all project activities. Sr. Project Manager (Program Manager) Barclays - Pune, Maharashtra March 2014 to December 2015 Managing and governing CPQ (Configure, Price & Quote) program for Vodafone Global IT Business which is implemented on Oracle Big Machines along with Salesforce.  • Program owner having responsibility for smooth delivery, governance and customer relationship management between Vodafone Business Sponsors and Tech Mahindra Delivery team (as appropriate).  • Efforts spend on Project Management is 30% as compared to 70% in Program Management and Implementation, with responsibilities to manage and validate the development and tracking of project plans including deliverables, milestones, resources, work estimates, schedule and dependencies integrating departmental sub- project plans into a master project plan and ensure contract milestones are completed on schedule  • Responsible for growth in Vodafone Account with focus on business value propositions i.e. C-Sat, Customer Retention, Continuous Improvement, Innovation and financial values i.e. P&L for TechM Business  • Participate in problem solving and conflict resolution when necessary in relation to other complex IT programs and lead cross-functional project team activities, providing leadership, guidance and coaching to the project team, as well as calling and leading steering committee meetings of directors as needed to address issues    Key Deliverables  • Effective Program Management: Ensure that all milestones are achieved as per the original plan and scope. It involves working with all the competency teams internally as well as customer's business stakeholders.  • Customer Relationship Management: Develop strong relationships with key customer stakeholders, manage teams and influence appropriately. Act as an advocate for driving customer focus within the support teams and wider company and take accountability for the resolution of customer issues.  • Growth: Recognise, create and seize opportunities that will deliver significant business growth within Vodafone CPQ program. Overall program is planned to be implemented in 18 countries for Vodafone. Partnering with Vodafone business team to reach regional entities within Vodafone and demonstrate business benefit to them.  • Management: Manage team to ensure that, in the eyes of the customer, they are achieving operational excellence. Provide clarity and focus on the achievement of specific objectives.  • Barclays Technology Center India (BTCI): BTCI is a fully owned subsidiary of Barclays Group offering technology services to the Group worldwide, ranging from architecture, application design-development, packaged software implementation, testing, training & application support Lead Project Management and Delivery Middleware India June 2010 to May 2012 • Transition Middleware's Business (Delivery Management and Business Management) to Offshore.  • Principle Consultant for Middleware Engagements (PMO), Business Management and Finance Management.  • Lead 15 Delivery Manager's (Onshore: Offshore) driving engagements and delivery.  • Work with Global Portfolio Leads to prioritize and mobilize middleware projects.  • Manage 200 projects across 5 different Middleware Components (MQ, MB, WAS, C: D and IAM).  • Ensure Middleware level risk compliance (Address Cluster level/Group level non-compliances etc.).    Key Deliverables:  • Lead and drive Finance Management, Business Management and PMO for Middleware, India.  • Provide overall guidance to leadership team; give directions related to overall budget, timelines, forecasting, project priorities, CIGLS etc.  • Problem detection and resolution through proactive mitigation of risks and rapid escalation for support as needed from other teams in GTIS (Networking, Database, Unix etc.)  • Provides leadership to guide and influence stakeholders (portfolio leads, PM etc.) decisions.  • Maintain detailed task-level project plan.  • Monthly resource-based labor forecasting / actual realization; strong emphasis on forecast accuracy.  • Report status, and milestones to program management and executive sponsors in a timely and appropriate nature.  • Defining the governance (controls) and managing stakeholders' communication within and outside GTIS.  Cybage Software India Pvt. Ltd: Cybage is an emerging world leader in product engineering and IT services space. Over last 16 years of its operations, Cybage has progressively evolved to offer a wide array of software services to its global clientele. Project Manager June 2005 to June 2010 • Creating processes around domain (SharePoint) using knowledge of Subject Matter Experts.  • Define Service Level Agreements and Critical Performance Measures for each Process.  • Transitioning Business in a Process environment where Service Levels & performance can be measured.  • Ensured services are delivered within the Service Transition are within time and budget constraints and meet the required level of quality IT Consultant Rapidigm India Pvt. Ltd February 2005 to June 2005 IT Direct Sales Consultant A&NZ Market May 2003 to August 2004 IT consultant Spectramind e-Services Pvt. Ltd July 2002 to 2003 Trainee Mphasis Software and Service (I) Pvt. Ltd January 2002 to June 2002 Education CDAC Pune University January 2002 Bachelor of Commerce in Previous Rajasthan University 1999 to 2002 Diploma in Advanced Computing in Advanced Computing DOEACC 2000 Skills Program Management Certifications/Licenses PMP June 2009