Sr. IT Infrastructure Project Manager Sr. <span class="hl">IT</span> Infrastructure <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Sr. IT Infrastructure Project Manager Stone Mountain, GA Competent Senior IT Project Manager with 15+ years of experience who will build and manage project teams and ensure quality control throughout project life cycles. This includes planning, executing and evaluating projects according to predetermined timelines and budgets. Work Experience Sr. IT Infrastructure Project Manager Georgia Institute of Technology - Atlanta, GA February 2019 to July 2019 Contract)  • Managed Application Migration Project (Agile)  • Managed Self-Service provisioning tool (Cloudbolt) Project  • Managed migration Enterprise Backup-As-A-Service (VEEAM) Project  • Created a strategic plan to migrate 170 Enterprise Application from RICH Data Center to CODA Data Center.  • Created an interviewing process to inform 67 application owners of the new process and procedures of the migration.  • Plans and coordinates all aspects of technical projects from initiation through delivery.  • Manages project initiation activities that include identifying contractual obligations, client needs and goals, existing situation, necessary contacts, and access to existing information as needed.  • Managed projects in WorkFront  • Ensures requirements for internal technology projects align to operational standards. Develop alternate requirements or document exceptions as appropriate.  • Develops, defines and executes project plans, project scope, activities, schedules, budgets and deliverables.  • Identifies needed resources for projects, defines and assigns major project roles.  • Coordinates activities and tasks among project team members, other internal departments and client or vendor/subcontractor organizations as needed to meet project goals and ensure project completion is on schedule, within budget constraints, and of the appropriate quality standards for the project scope.  • Assigns and monitors work of project team, providing technical and analytical support and direction. Interfaces with external clients or field-based employees on technical matters as needed.  • Manages project risks, issues/problems, and activity progress to ensure project goals (e.g., deadline, scope and quality) are achieved. Assists with problem resolution or risk mitigation as needed.  • Managed the integration of vendor/subcontractor tasks, and track and review vendor/subcontractor deliverables, if appropriate for the project.  • Liaison between technical and non-technical teams, in internal organizations as well as in client and vendor/subcontractor organizations, to ensure all project targets and requirements are met.  • Delivers informational and decision-seeking presentations to technical and business groups in and/or in client organizations.  • Conducts project closure activities to formalize and communicate 7the project acceptance, handover documentation and ongoing activities to accountable teams and complete a post-implementation review to identify areas of improvement.  • May directly oversee employees assigned to manage specific project that have a distinct beginning and end. Selects, develops and evaluates personnel to ensure the efficient operation of the function.  • Identifies project management coordination process gaps or areas for improvement, recommends and implements solutions. Disaster Recovery Consultant Ernst &Young E&Y/NetApp - Durham, NC September 2018 to February 2019 Contract-Remote)  • Work with NetApp Business Continuity management to ensure that the disaster recovery (crisis management) and business continuity plans drive disaster recovery (DR) strategy and procedures.  • Establish and maintain the overall plans for executing all NetApp DR procedures and understand their interdependencies.  • Establish and maintain detailed DR communications and command and control plans through a change management process.  • Work with the NetApp IT technical staff to ensure that disaster recovery solutions are adequate, in place, maintained, and tested as part of the regular operational life cycle. Sr. IT Application Project Manager Halyard Health Care/Avanos - Atlanta, GA May 2018 to September 2018 Contract)  • Successfully completed project within 90 days and below budget.(Agile)  • Consulted with management and reviewed project proposals to determine goals, time frame, funding limitations procedures for accomplishing project, staffing requirements and allotment of resources.  • Worked closely with the end users, business technologies, and others to understand and prioritize business goals and information needs related to the project.  • Managed and implement SharePoint Office365  • Managed and implement Active Directory (Azure)  • Managed people with diverse skill sets and reporting structures in a matrixes organization.  • Provided risk management and issue resolution.  • Prepared project status reports and kept team, management, clients and others informed of project status and related issues.  • Directed and coordinated activities of project personnel to ensure project progressed on schedule.  • Influence effectively between the Business Owners, Project Managers (PMs), and Operations Teams to support delivery, risk mitigation, change management, and issue resolution  • Effectively manage and lead the successful delivery of the Infrastructure and IT projects and requests from within various phases of delivery, across the entire lifecycle of Delivery within project timeline and budget. Principal Accountabilities Sr. IT Infrastructure Project Manager/SCRUM Master KAISER PERMANENTE - Pleasanton, CA August 2016 to March 2018 Contract-Remote)  • Manage and coordinate the delivery of multiple projects (Agile- methodology)  • Manage a team to prioritize and schedule development for business information requests  • Developing cost benefit analyses for the program, communicating to an executive committee, creating and reporting program status utilizing a dashboard  • Indirectly lead, program manage and oversee a team of associates and vendors  • Allocating resources across the multiple projects  • Experience with enterprise software packages in regard to installation, sizing, and integration. SAS BI, Oracle RDBMS, Tableau, ESRI ArcGIS , VMware ESX, and IBM WebSphere.  • Provides overall strategic analysis and direction to senior management  • Engage with vendors to determine the best solution at the lowest cost.  • Work close with the Epics security team to implement and follow process and procedures within Active Directory (AD) and user systems  • Facilitate Scrum Ceremonies - Sprint Planning, Daily Scrum, Sprint Review and Sprint Retrospective  • Provides regular progress updates, including detail on changes to schedule, costs, scope, risks, and issues.  • Uses change control procedures to effectively protect and manage the scope of the project  • Ensures quality of relevant deliverables and stage gate requirements.  • Experience with multiple hardware platforms and devices from HP, Dell, Cisco, Oracle, Teradata and other industry standard providers.  • Defining project governance policies and managing the financial concerns of the program  • Utilize and effectively communicate technical components of an initiative to applicable parties  • Day to day activities is to lead projects and High/Critical call bridges that Impact Kaiser Permanente Health Connect (KPHC) ranging from GA, CA, NCAL SCAL  • Lead Disaster Recovery for KPHC EPIC software and hardware for the NCAL, SCAL and 20 datacenter locations, 6 (ROC) locations (GA, CO, HI, MA, NW, Washington region.  • Capturing data analysis (Tableau Tool) for the past 3 years for Critical and High incidents to prevent future outages. Senior Engineers WORLDPAY, Inc - Atlanta, GA January 2016 to August 2016 Atlanta,Ga Jan 2016 - August 2016  Information Technology Audit (Contract)  • Managed a team of seven infrastructure engineers ranging from Junior to Senior Engineers  • Created a WBS for stakeholders (Approved) to see the workload throughout the project  • Managed project to upgrade ISR 1000 series routers and replace router form PCI compliance  • Worked close with Operations team to change Cisco router configuration and test. (Agile- methodology)  • Plan and decommission legacy systems  • Worked within ServiceNow to Track software compliance, create task, Track software compliance, prohibited software, software usage, and the health status of your patches to gain an extra edge over your IT operations.  • Lead senior business stakeholders through transformative activities, beginning with discovery through delivery of business value designed at streamlining business processes to achieve optimal performance  • Managed all ITSM across Enterprise environment  • Proven ability to build relationships with constituents, including: clients, internal teams, and consulting partners  • Lead and reviewed all aspects of Enterprise software development lifecycle (SDLC)  • Provide strategic direction for developing the project plans including key project milestones and dependencies.  • Managed team responsible for 976 Windows servers from 2003, 2008/2012R2 that was out of compliance  • Managed team responsible for 171 IRS servers in production that needed new policies and procedures created for ease of patching and brought to compliance  • SAN NetApp connection and creation of volumes and lunes, HBA Interconnect  • Manage a team of 5 to migration SAP systems to SAP HANA S/4HANA  • NTFS storage and connection  • Managed a project to installing Cisco systems from UCS-B chassis, Data Center Interconnect Platforms (Cisco 7600 Series Routers)  • Managed team responsible for 805 servers in non-production with a mixture of SQL clusters that had to be maintained and brought to compliance  • Lead and Managed team design and built out SCCM2012 server to deploy updates to over 3000 Workstation and Servers  • Designed SQL Database to work with SCCM2012R2 to handle the load to patch 3000+ servers. Sr. IT Project Manager/SCRUM Master SUN TRUST BANKS, Inc - Atlanta, GA July 2014 to January 2016 Contract)  • Managed and reorganized the infrastructure by effectively integrating solutions into the existing infrastructure with the implementation of Cisco servers 2951 with embedded router technology, resulting in implementation cost savings by $1 million plus dollars for the fiscal year in the Atlanta Midtown location. (WaterFall, Agile methodology)  • Analyze Program infrastructure costs, including all hardware and software needed to deliver migrations successfully  • While hands-on, managed project team of 40 Engineers presenting actionable strategies, implementation plans and guiding the transition for the migration and optimization of legacy bank teller applications across the southeast & midwest regions  • Conducted research on emerging technologies in support of infrastructure development efforts and recommended technologies that will increase performance, reliability, cost effectiveness and infrastructure flexibility  • Lead and Manage all aspects of Enterprise software development lifecycle (SDLC)  • Facilitate Scrum Ceremonies - Sprint Planning, Daily Scrum, Sprint Review and Sprint Retrospective. Working with multiple teams and department over 3month increments  • Lead senior business stakeholders through transformative activities, beginning with discovery through delivery of business value designed at streamlining business processes to achieve optimal performance  • Managed the patch changes in ServiceNow  • Proven ability to build relationships with constituents, including: clients, internal teams, and consulting partners  • Collaborate with sales during the presales/discovery stage to research and understand client business challenges and drive towards value added solutions  • Contribute to the development of delivery tools and resources, thought leadership, and client offerings through personal experience and perspective  • Manage and lead resources assigned to project that are responsible for the implementation of cloud solutions designed to enhance the client experience Sr. IT Infrastructure Project Manager ARG - ARBY'S RESTAURANT GROUP - Atlanta, GA August 2013 to June 2014 Contract)  • Managed the implementation of automating patches and maintenance across all 3500 franchises reducing cost by saving $1.1 million dollars in revenue  • Managed projects by developing work plans, resource planning, budgeting, execution, and management for all operation and disaster recovery  • Managed, designed and implemented enterprise-wide virtualization using Hyper-V and VMWare  • Managed IT infrastructure (servers, SAN, NAS, network, security), IT change management, co-location, capacity planning and incident management. (WaterFall, Agile)  • Managed cloud using Microsoft Azure  • Managed all aspects of Data Center Infrastructure operations, Cisco UCS-B series, including plans, implementation, deployment, support and maintenance functions infrastructure growth and standard processes  • Lead and Manage all aspects of the software development lifecycle (SDLC) associated with platform migrations  • Lead and Managed Enterprise architecture server and data consolidation, upgraded and migrated SCOM (2007-2010) and SCCM (2007-2010) systems from 2008 to 2012 R2.  • Lead and Managed Enterprise software migration SharePoint (2010 - 2013) implementation. Managed all aspects of the software development lifecycle (SDLC)  • Determine the optimal short term and long-term staffing plan by role and by quarter. Utilize associate subject matter experts to achieve maximum output. Analyze multiple vendors for the resources with the most systems expertise and cost efficiencies Project Manager ROOMS TO GO INC - Atlanta, GA May 2013 to August 2013 Contract)  • Planned, designed, implemented and optimized the company network infrastructure in support of all data center, store, field office and partner connectivity requirements  • Industry standard Disaster Recovery planning principles, Creation of Disaster Recovery Template used throughout the IT enterprise. (Waterfall, Agile)  • ITIL business process utilized  • Managed the team to a complete SAP system to SAP HANA  • Completed project under projected six-month timeframe.  • Implemented shared and stand-alone infrastructure running on 25 physical and 150 virtual servers, storage arrays, load balancers, firewalls, and switches, routers  • Set up processes for monitoring 200 + servers, systems maintenance, MS System enter, SCOM, IIS, Hyper-V environment, Active Directory, capacity management, change control  • Developed maintenance routines for network infrastructure  • Lead and Manage all aspects of Enterprise software development lifecycle (SDLC) (SCCM and SCOM)  • Manage security processes for network elements and provides mitigation plan for security issues  • Designed and implemented enterprise network and associated security infrastructure critical network services include DNS, LDAP, and DHCP  • SCOM 2010 - 2012 design and implemented into production. Planned from testing to production monitoring over 250 servers and devices  • SharePoint2010 design and implemented into production. Planned from testing to production monitoring over 250 servers and devices  • Facilitate Scrum Ceremonies - Sprint Planning, Daily Scrum, Sprint Review and Sprint Retrospective Systems Administrator/ IT Manager, Sr. IT Infrastructure Project Manager COX MEDIA GROUP/ajc.com - Atlanta, GA January 2005 to February 2013 • Managed a multi-million-dollar transition from paper presses to cutting edge digital mobile and internet based technology  • Managed escalation of complex technical support to both internal and external customers via telephone or electronic medium  • Ensured the regional customer services teams adhered to relevant ITIL service management and departmental governance  • Implemented and supported cloud infrastructure, platform, and software. (Agile)  • Lead the implementation for Enterprise (SCCM07 - SCOM07)  • Relocation, Optimization, Redesign, Consolidation of our main datacenter half physical and virtual environment converted physical servers into Virtual server  • P2V conversions and V2V conversions  • Facilitate Scrum Ceremonies for multiple divisions  • Worked on implementing new SAP system into the COX environment  • Managed SCOM to monitor Server infrastructure  • Managed a team of 10-12 technical engineers of varying levels, monitoring and ensuring support is consistently delivered within service level agreements and quality standards.  • Contributed to the interviewing process to ensure the team is staffed appropriately against agreed upon selection criteria/specification.  • Implemented Datacenter Interconnect (DCI) with ports connected to a pair of Nexus 7000  • Managed employee performance and group productivity  • Regularly evaluate individual employee job performance, providing constructive suggestions for improvement and rewarding accomplishments.  • Communicated frequently with staff through group meetings and individual sessions, ensuring issues/input from staff is listened to and that company/department strategy/goals/decisions are communicated promptly  • Active Directory Administrator, create users, Objects, Design, and Maintain  • Administrator over SMS to SCCM System for Server, Desktop, Laptop, Handheld Devices  • Build & Maintain over 300 Windows and Mainframe Servers  • Desktop administrator, Windows Server Builds (2000, 2003, 2008R2) administration, installation, and support Systems Engineer Manager DEPARTMENT OF FAMILY & CHILDREN SERVICES - Atlanta, GA June 2004 to January 2005 • Increased sales in business solutions by 15% through training, coaching and mentoring staff on company procedures  • Performed system backups and operations for high availability of service  • Supported and resolved issues relating to server hardware, networking, web services, active directory and DNS  • Managed a Team of 7-9 technical support agents  • Maintained Online Registration Site-DFCS Instructors/Caseworkers  • Configuring/maintaining/distributing PC Tablets to DTAE schools/county offices  • Project Lead/Designer of FTP Server for curriculum writers for Training Coordinators  • Helped Create and Maintained DFCS web page www.dfcs.dhr.georgia.gov/training.  • Managed the lifecycle for www.dfcs.dhr.georgia.gov/training. Managed all aspects of the website developments lifecycle (SDLC)  • Managed, interviewed and hired technical staff responsible for troubleshooting hardware and software of servers and PCs  • Ensure technical support for incoming calls was handled and resolved in a timely manner  • Scrum Master, IT Manager, Team Lead INTERLAND WEB HOSTING - Atlanta, GA April 1999 to June 2004 • Created disaster templates for disaster process using (NIST) National Institute Standards and Technology for IT Disaster Recovery Plan.  • Managed a team of 25 helpdesk analyst  • Create high-level disaster recovery plan for the entire call center and Infrastructure operations department  • Led a team of customer service technicians responsible for the management and maintenance of websites and servers  in a 24/7 environment  • Reduced call handle times by 20% by conducting "targeted" coaching sessions with staff  • Improved customer service satisfaction percentages by 10% by providing additional training to support agents  • Increased call volume of individual team members from 25 calls per day to 30  • I oversee the IT Management Services Delivered to Partners/Clients  • Performing weekly Performance Analysis and providing recommendations  • Weekly meetings with customer to review the performance  • Perform Monthly Service Reviews to review the performance, Alert, Ticket Volumes, SLAs Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Engineering DeVry University - Atlanta, GA 2004 Skills Active directory, Cisco, Dns, Exchange, Nas, Scom, System center operations manager, Router, Vmware, Vpn, Disaster recovery, Sap, R2, Operations manager, System configuration, Hyper-v, Netapp, Security, Epic, Linux, PMP Additional Information COMPUTER SKILLS:  ? Active Directory  ? Hyper-V  ? DNS  ? Power Shell  ? System Configuration Center Manager (SCCM)  ? Disaster Recovery planning principles  ? Disaster declaration and notification  ? Microsoft Azure (Journey through the blades and parts within the Production portal)  ? Cisco WAN Aggregation and Internet Edge Router  ? NetWork Configuration VPN  ? Windows Server 2008,R2-2012,R2 and 2016  ? SAN,NAS  ? Epic    ? Cloud Computing  ? 6120 Fabric Interconnect devices  ? Staff Management & Training  ? Lotus Notes/Microsoft Exchange  ? Windows versions 7, 8 & 10  ? VMware ESXI 5.5-6.0  ? Communication - Verbal & Written  ? ServiceNow  ? Industry standard Disaster Recovery planning principles  ? UCS-B, Cisco 2951  ? Discovery  ? Cisco Router  ? LINUX  ? WorkFront  ? System Application Product (SAP)    ? Work Independently or as part of a Team  ? Cluster Setup  ? System Security  ? NetApp Storage, EMC  ? System Center Operations Manager (SCOM)  ? GPO