Global infrastructure Project Manager Global infrastructure <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Global infrastructure Project Manager - DB Schenker Work Experience Global infrastructure Project Manager DB Schenker February 2017 to Present Boeing  • Currently working at Boeing managing the Windows 10 Office 365 migration Project ensure all computers remain on a supported operating system and, provide a smooth transition for the end user. Assess the work already completed by the service desk and identify potential gaps define business and technical requirement necessary to ensure project success  • Create project plans, schedules, and manage project teams. In addition, assist with project design and technical solutions. Lead tasks to ensure application compatibility this include collaboration and planning with Enterprise team  • Work with architecture and technical design team, research and development team, software development team, field services support, and strategic network planning team.  • Manage LAN WAN engineers, network architecture engineers.  • Working with server upgrades within call centers environment, provide IP voice solutions, Cisco switches, routers Unified system, and Avaya Voice Solution.  • Manage cloud migrations, software applications to the cloud housing services (AWS).  FedEx Corporate Office, Memphis, TN Strategic Enterprise Project Manager World Technology Center March 2015 to February 2017 • Manage engineers and field managers, vendors, such as Cisco and other OEM Vendors.  • Manage network infrastructure for the US market.  • Work with architecture and technical design team, research and development team, software development team, field services support, and strategic network planning team for FedEx Office, FedEx Ground, FedEx Freight, and FedEx Express.  • Develop and implemented assigned projects for the Refresh Project. Create project plans, schedules, and manage project teams. Assist with project design and technical solutions.  • Establish and implement project management processes and methodologies to ensure projects are delivered on time, within budget in accordance with all scope risk mitigation time constraints adhering to high-quality standards and meets FedEx expectations. Manage project timelines and budget, responsible for proper project management principles including scopes, timelines, dependencies and deliverables.  • Cloud migration, software applications to the cloud housing services (AWS) (Azure).  • Office 365 Migration from FedEx exiting platform to the cloud, Data Storage. IT Infrastructure Project Manager AT&T - New York, NY August 2013 to March 2015 • Developed, implemented and assigned projects for the Refresh project.  • Replaced networks, servers and other equipment for all DIRECTV/AT&T call centers and offices within New York, New Jersey, and the Pennsylvania Market for the Refresh project.  • Network migrations reports and stability of the project.  • Tracking Basic Network Connectivity and key project milestones and adjust project plans and key resources to meet customer needs and requirements project plans, key resources to meet customer needs and requirements.  • Created project plans, Project Change Control Management schedules, and managed project teams.  • Managed/monitor work efforts daily and identify resource needs.  • Interfaced directly with AT&T and to ensure projects meet customer design and site performance expectations.  • Coordinated material deliveries, selected and scheduled appropriate resources for projects.  • Managed Vendor quality, budget and schedule to ensure team achieves objectives aligned with project.  • Liaison between General Dynamics, Cisco System, Avaya system, and IT department other Telecom Vendors, Network Infrastructure, and other AT&T depts.  • Established and implemented project management processes and methodologies to ensure projects are delivered on time, within budget, in accordance with scope, Risk Management mitigation, time constraints, adhering to high-quality standards, and meets customer expectations.  • Coordinated/managed the replacement of wiring from Cat5 to Cat6 as well as networks including phone equipment desktop computers / servers.  • Identified channel collisions with launch dates and develop alternate plans to mitigate potential risk.  • Provided status updates, identifies potential project risks and communicates major milestones.  • Worked with AT&T with Voice/Data circuits MPLS, LAN, and network.  • Monitored status orders and resolve problems that are encountered during AT&T merger with Direct TV.  • Managed orders to lifecycle intervals to ensure accurate and timely delivery of service WAP Installations.  • Assisted with projects to design technical solutions for end-users.  • Served as the central point of coordination for customer orders of service delivery. Infrastructure Project Manager AT&T - New York, NY July 2012 to July 2013 • Responsible for IT Infrastructure projects and initiatives enterprise-wide.  • Worked with various Systems and Infrastructure Engineers and managers, business owners, project managers and testing teams tasked with Infrastructure and Security initiatives.  • Assessed business and organization implications of key application technology alternatives for wide-impact initiatives; mapping requirement to a software solution in accordance with the overall architecture of the system; recommend appropriate strategic action.  • Led teams in overall design, implementation and assessment activities; assisted the team in understanding of the systems and best practices.  • Worked closely with business partners and customers to understand their needs and provide appropriate solutions. Responsible for project estimation and the execution of project plans.  • Managed and developed the team, including hiring, goal setting, performance management, projects and training. Work with team members to develop career paths and opportunities within the organization. Provide a creative environment where challenges are embraced and where difficult tasks are valued.  • Managed project timelines and budget, responsible for proper project management principles including scopes, timelines, dependencies and deliverables. Project Manager AT&T - Alpharetta, GA June 2011 to May 2012 • Managed transport facilities ordering for the new projects, coordination with different functional, regional, and market teams.  • Analyzed validity of schedules submitted by outside parties contributing to the project.  • Ensured the timely delivery and integration of Telco to each site, ensuring market clusters are completed according to their order of priority.  • Facilitated the creation of work orders by managing the activities of regional Telco work order administrators  • Created and distributed status reports.  • Worked with vendors on preparation on CIQ and IOT documentation.  • Coordinated with MSC and RNC planner on the rehomes and IP conversions working on IUCS, IUR and IUPS conversion from ATM to IP. Worked on New RNC's installations.  • Worked with RF planner to plan sites for rehomes. Sr. Project Manager AT&T December 2010 to May 2011 • Responsible for the development of the RNC & WMS deployment and migration plan/schedule including in from the functional organization and alignment of resource plans to support the program execution.  • Identify the program risks and manage those risks throughout the execution of the program.  • Managed the end to end program execution including scope, material forecasting, material ordering, site engineering, network design, installation, integration, and CATP.  • Identify and drive the migration requirements and executions.  • Demonstrated project management concepts and skills to plan, execute, and close issues across multiple functional organizations and work with the functional teams to address any process or resource related issues.  • Was the central interface to ALL Markets while working with the peer PMs and PMO to get sites ready for installation, integration, and migration.  • Interface with ALU/Ericsson and National PMO teams to balance risk and meet expected timelines.  • Was single point of contact for the Markets and customer interface/relationships while insuring that program objectives are clearly defined, communicated, agreed to, tracked, and met.  • Coordinating and managing network/traffic cutovers and migrations of RNC's.  • Was proficient with personal computer business applications such as Power Point, Excel, and Word and scheduling programs like Microsoft Project and PMATT.  • Developed, managed, and implement project schedules for specific geographic/market areas. Project Manager Goldman Sachs - London December 2004 to December 2010 • Develop team environment, prepare, design and develop conceptual designs and presentations, specifications, techniques and procedures to incorporate comprehensive space planning initiatives.  • Designed develop technical application for consumer financial services specific to lending products. Perform complex analysis, design and implementation of application platforms and architecture including estimating, planning, scheduling, execution and coordinator of agile projects  • Worked to identify where automation can be applied to various aspects of the development process and projects.  • Interacted with and influence key/internal stakeholders.  • Designed and implement backend application interfaces for data and services.  • Reported progress and status of assigned tasks to project teams and managers.  • Worked with Digital team to expand infrastructure to cloud technologies.  • Contribute to the creation and maintenance of system documentation. Project Manager, Voice & Network Services Philips & Drew / UBS Bank - London February 1998 to May 2004 • Assisted in design and construction providing guidance on office and expansions and moves lead weekly site space planning coordination meetings and publish notes, action items, and primary person's responsibilities.  • Executed office and projects - Coordinate and provide detailed design layouts of new and existing office space, and furniture. Space Plan/Master Plan for moves, adds, and changes - Develop move plans with space assignments, occupancy plans, cabling requirements, IT requirements and construction requirements Project Management - Collaborate, coordinate, advise and foster relationships among architects, engineers and Information Technology managers throughout project development.  • Coordinated large and small office and projects gather programming information related to space requirements, adjacencies, or move requirements.  • Provided scheduling and budgeting guidance prepares cost estimates and timelines for projects.  • Reviewed contract plans and specifications for conformance to project requirements.  • Obtained approvals and submit all paperwork to appropriate agencies as required.  • Observed work in progress to gauge schedule, quality, conformance with requirements and organization standards.  • Organized all furniture projects and installations.  • Coordinated with client and associates to determine furniture requirements, bill of materials and furniture product availability performing other duties as required by the Facility Manager / Facilities Director.  • Interfaced with facilities planning and design staff in the coordination of various facilities projects. Includes synchronizing the timing and construction of offices, the distribution and installation of furniture, and the relocation of personnel to different buildings.  • Maintained strong relationships with vendors and customers to understand requirements and monitor in relation to cost, quality, and schedules and vendor accountability for contract compliance. Education Bachelor of Science in Telecommunications & Network Engineering South Bank University - South Bank Associate Degree in Electronics Brixton College - London Skills Cisco, Juniper, Mpls, Network design, Tacacs, Ds3, T1, Networking, Avaya, Ethernet, Sip, Token ring, Security, Sharepoint, Authentication, Sso, Linux, Radius, Solaris, Information security Additional Information Results and detail-oriented Telecommunications and Project Manager Professional with more than 20 years of experience in networks, telecommunications, and wireless technologies. Experienced in technical, sales, proposals, demonstrations, design, networks, service, organization, planning, concepts of operation, and problem solving. Proven ability to manage projects from design, prototype, and reliability testing to manufacturing on time and on budget. Excellent written and interpersonal communication skills with customers and others. Experienced leading analysis and simulation activities necessary to determine. Excellent customer service, project management, and task prioritization skills. Over 10 years of managing large scale projects to completion. Excellent written and verbal communication skills.    AREAS OF EXPERTISE  • Operating Systems: Solaris. Windows, Linux, SSO Project Management tool MS Office Project, Smartsheet, Project Management Methodologies Agile, Waterfall.  • Information Security.  • Knowledge of MS Suite ( Project, Excel, Word, Outlook, PowerPoint, SharePoint and Access)  • Experience in setting up Cisco switches, HP Servers.  • Administered Avaya PBX, and Cisco Call Manager (Modular Messaging, ASA, SIP, UCCM). I have Over 10 years of experience implementing and provisioning IP-Based, Private Line, Switched, and Dedicated products (T1, DS3, MPLS, Frame, ATM, and Voice).  • Extensive knowledge of Provisioning and Customer Care system design.  • Networks and Equipment: Network Authentication, Cisco, HP, Internet Servers, LAN & WAN, ATM, Cat 5 & 6E, ATP, Network Design, MS BackOffice, Client/Servers, Switches, Routers, Token Ring, Ethernet, IBM, CCTV, Juniper/Extreme, Cisco Works, POS Terminals, Local and Wide Area Networking, MPLS Lead analysis TACACS, RADIUS.