Deputy Portfolio Manager Deputy Portfolio <span class="hl">Manager</span> Deputy Portfolio Manager, MS, PMP, CSM Sunrise, FL Seeks only the most difficult and challenging corporate/strategic implementation projects and programs, "easy" is not desired. Certified in best practices for both Project Management ( Project Management Professional), and Agile/Scrum Management methodologies (Certified Scrum Master). 12 years experience in roles as Senior Project Manager, Deputy Program/Portfolio Manager, and Aquisitions Team Leader, to include managing a Functional Area Program Office comprised 19 professionals, a 5-year $77m budget, and oversight over a $504m globally positioned inventory. Managed a portfolio of over 75 projects, with 5 projects in Research & Development, and administered a $49m Firm Fixed Price (FFP) contract. Accomplished in Organizational and Transformational Changes (see experiences below). Strong leadership skills. Collaborator, Negotiator, and Consensus Builder. Effective in nurturing strong partnerships, and customer/stakeholder relationships. Native Spanish speaker with conversational Japanese abilities. Approach to nurturing team success and accomplishment is rooted on three foundational principles:   - "Leave things better than how you found it"  - "Take care of people, and they take care of the mission"  - "Believing there is no such thing as a No-Win Scenario" Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Deputy Portfolio Manager Marine Corps System Command - Quantico, VA August 2015 to Present • Led the portfolio to unprecedented growth and performance due to effectively identifying undervalued products and resolving strategic issues that led to increased performance of supporting teams.  • Successfully increased portfolio investments by $20M, increased stakeholder participation and customer satisfaction by 27% through innovative management solutions and developmental trade-offs. IT Program Manager Pentagon - Washington, DC October 2011 to August 2015 • Managed multiple projects across the full range of the project life cycle for projects designed to meet research & development goals, procurement activities, and sustainment strategies, resulting in increased portfolio ranking from 187 out of 288, to its new ranking of 16 out of 288.  • "By name invitation" to senior decision-making bodies due to innovative strategy designs for meeting program objectives, and repeatedly requested to provide technical advice for senior leaders, high-ranking officers, and key business sponsors. Regional Project Manager Installations, East June 2008 to October 2011 • Skillfully collaborated in building new business partnerships to achieve "cultural change", reflected in new published Memorandum Of Agreements (MOA) between organizations, which subsequently led to substantially increased customer satisfaction and an enlarged customer base.  • Expertly synthesized analytical data with local business needs that resulted in achieving annual programmatic objectives ahead of schedule and reduced annual costs by $825K over a 3-year period. Education Master of Science in Project Management The Catholic University of America Bachelor of Arts in Emergency & Disaster Management American Military University Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/thomasvasquez Military Service Branch: United States Marine Corps Rank: CWO4 Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) January 2018 to January 2022 Certified ScrumMaster (CSM) August 2019 to August 2022 Lean Six Sigma Green Belt April 2017 to April 2020