Sr. IT Project Manager Sr. <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Q2 Austin, TX Sr. IT Project Manager with over 20 years experience successfully managing software development, infrastructure and various other IT projects. Over 5 years experience in PMO and Portfolio Management. Ability to think critically, learn quickly, develop expertise, and produce immediate contributions. I have a proven track record of successfully delivering projects by blending management, leadership, customer service, communication, facilitation, and teamwork skills. Excellent business acumen with the ability to tie projects to the organization's business goals and objectives. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr. IT Project Manager Q2 - Austin, TX March 2019 to Present IT Project Manager General Motors May 2016 to March 2019 • Currently responsible for managing manufacturing IT projects for the Manufacturing Engineering space utilizing GM IT PMO processes and tools.  • Successfully completed a project to optimize 14 COTS applications resulting in 2.1M dollars in direct benefit.  • Successfully completed a Teamcenter version upgrade; received award for completing the project on time and within scope.  • Actively participate in PMO process improvement initiatives, coach and mentor PMs and provide leadership to the PM team as well as the PMO. IT Delivery Lead SCRUM November 2015 to March 2016 • Manage a team of 4 IT Developers who perform requirements analysis, design, coding, unit testing, and quality assurance tasks as required to meet specific deliverables identified by the business.  • Build relationships with business stakeholders and serve as point of contact to ensure requirements for each story are delivered successfully.  • Ensure the software releases are of the highest possible quality, including tight integration with the business for proper user acceptance testing and change management.  • Manage team direction and lead the team on behalf of all of IT; prioritize and manage stories within the Agile process.  • Ensure delivery success by ensuring impediments identified by the team are mitigated and/or removed to allow for a successful software development life cycle.  • Ensure team has the tools needed to successfully deliver products to the business. Continually evaluate for and implement process improvements within the organization (business and IT). Contribute to and ensure compliance with existing SDLC and Agile process.  • Work with other Delivery Leads to balance shared services across the organization. Manage vendor relationships to confirm compliance of agreements. IT Sr. Project Manager; IT Delivery Lead York Risk Services Group - Austin, TX May 2015 to March 2016 IT Sr. Project Manager Consultant SCRUM May 2015 to January 2016 • Develop and utilize risk management plans, requirements documents, schedules, and other Project Management Plans to successfully deliver projects.  • Manage local and remote hardware installation and software development resources utilizing the waterfall methodology as well as Agile/SCRUM process.  • Manage, coach, and mentor cross-functional and remote teams.  • Managed a project to migrate clients from a legacy risk management claims system GenSource to York's risk management claims system iClaims.  • Data included client data to include org structure, insured and coverage data. Claims data included Worker's Compensation, Liability and Property claims data. Migration also included financials.  • Project team consists of Business, IT and vendor IT team members.  • Achieved planned Go-Live date of September 28, 2015. Project is one of the most successful projects VP has experienced within the organization. Sr. Project Manager Julio's Easy Stop - Corpus Christi, TX January 2014 to December 2014 Sr. Project Manager Julio's Easy Stop January 2014 to December 2014 Developed and utilized business cases, risk management plans, requirements documents, schedules, design documents, and other Project Management Plans to successfully deliver a construction project for a family owned restaurant business. Managed and hired various trades to deliver key services contributing to the overall construction of the new restaurant. Provided management consulting services post grand opening. Director MegaPath, Inc March 2013 to August 2013 • Responsible for managing the company's order processing team, 35 team members.  • Drove continuous process improvement initiatives that directly impact key KPIs related to order interval, installation and disconnections.  • Developed strategic road map and managed the development of the plan to implement department strategic goals and objectives.  • Successfully implemented strategic goals and objectives that improved key departmental KPIs, increased order installation month over month; reduction of order interval and decrease in order disconnections.  • Continuously applied project/program management skills to drive initiative implementation.  • Mentored and Coached direct reports, management staff. Sr. Project Manager; Director, Project Management; Director, Operations MegaPath, Inc - Austin, TX January 2011 to August 2013 Director, Project Management MegaPath, Inc June 2011 to March 2013 • Managed 7 Project Managers and 3 Project Coordinators.  • Successfully managed project portfolio averaging 70 customer facing projects of various sizes and complexities generating $5 - $10M per year in company revenue.  • Drove continuous improvement to MegaPath's project management lifecycle process and tools.  • Responsible for successful completion of projects on the portfolio so that they were delivered on time and produced the most positive customer experience.  • Point of escalation for troubled projects.  • Participated in the continuous improvement of the service delivery processes by identifying areas for improvement and offering consultation on how to improve the processes.  • Partnered with the Sales team during the sales process communicating project management services offered. Sr. Project Manager/Team Lead MegaPath, Inc January 2011 to February 2012 • Responsible for managing the SMB and Mid Market project portfolio successfully ensuring that projects are completed on time.  • Managed/Led the SMB Mid Market Project Managers providing mentoring, leadership, and coaching to complete projects on the portfolio on time.  • First point of contact for all SMB Mid Market project escalations ensuring issues are resolved to successfully complete projects on time.  • Successfully managed multiple customer telecommunication projects for both the SMB and Enterprise business segments.  • Maintained customer relationships throughout the project lifecycle successfully resolving issues to deliver outstanding customer experience.  • Developed project solution plans that include project schedule, customer requirements, change control, roles and responsibilities and risk management. PMO Governance Lead Volt Technical Resources April 2010 to June 2010 • Led efforts to drive continuous improvement to AMD's project management lifecycle process.  • Acted as process owner for IT Project Management Lifecycle and primary interface with internal and external Audit regarding process requirements and coordinates auditing for verification of process adherence.  • Designed Governance processes to enforce and monitor process adherence and evaluate effectiveness. AMD Contractor Volt Technical Resources - Austin, TX 2010 to 2010 PMO Manager Electric Reliability Council of TX July 2006 to September 2009 Created project charters, risk management plans, requirements documents, schedules, and other Project Management Plans. Managed large, medium, and small IT infrastructure and software development projects utilizing the waterfall coupled with SDLC methodologies. Managed, coached, and mentored cross-functional teams successfully. Project portfolio management facilitating selection, setting criteria for prioritization, identifying and managing portfolio risk, identifying project dependencies, resource management, ongoing optimization, and reporting.    • Managed existing and drove continuous improvements to the company's PM Governance Processes.  • Improved the PMO maturity level using OPM3 by successfully implementing industry best practices as evidenced by regularly scheduled audits.  • Implemented PMO measurements/metrics used for continuous improvements to the PMO process as well as PM processed and procedures.  • Successfully managed the PMO Project Portfolio with average budget of $50 - $70M using implemented prioritization process.  • Responsible for establishing "one stop shop" for PM coaching, mentoring, and rescuing troubled projects.  • Automated project reporting by implementing MS Project Server 2007.  • Established single point of reference project management knowledge repository.  • Implemented resource management process and tools used by functional and project managers for project resourcing.  • Effectively managed and completed a project enhancing ERCOT's public web site improving the look and feel; search engine capabilities; and navigation - within budget and on time. Total budget was $1.2M. Project scope included software development, software selection, vendor management, and hardware installation.  • Managed and completed a project enhancing ERCOT's market participant issues system within budget and on time. Total budget was $2.47M. Involved external stakeholders. Project scope included software development, software selection, vendor management, and hardware installation. IT Project Manager; PMO Manager Electric Reliability Council of TX - Taylor, TX May 2005 to September 2009 IT Project Manager Electric Reliability Council of TX April 2005 to September 2009 Project Manager Dell, Inc. August 2003 to January 2005 Developed business cases, risk management plans, requirements documents, schedules, and other Project Management Plans. Managed local and global hardware installation and software development projects utilizing the waterfall and SDLC methodologies. Managed new product development projects. Managed, coached, and mentored cross-functional and global teams.    • Successfully managed multiple client custom factory integration (CFI) projects for one of Dell's business segments. Maintained customer relationships post project complete ensuring issues were resolved receiving multiple customer experience awards.  • Senior Project Manager of the overall delivery of Dell's new storage line products as a whole solution to include hardware, firmware, and software.  • Co-developed a Risk Management training program to be implemented department-wide as well as assigned to deliver the training to all staff.  • Led a global project team successfully to implement a standardized database system to support custom factory integration (CFI) for factories located in Malaysia, Ireland, and Brazil. IT Project Manager CITY OF AUSTIN, Austin - Austin, TX August 2001 to May 2003 IT Project Manager CITY OF AUSTIN, Austin August 2001 to May 2003 Developed business cases, schedules, risk management plans, requirement documents, and other Project Management Plans. Applied project management skills and best practices such as waterfall methodology. Managed, coached, and mentored cross-functional, intra agency and vendor teams successfully.    • Managed a cross-functional project team upgrading and integrating the City of Austin's IP and SONET network involving hardware, software configuration, and optimization. Project budget was $17MM. Project scope included design, hardware selection, purchase, and implementation.  • Successfully managed a cross-departmental project team implementing technology, policies, and procedures to bring the City of Austin into compliance with the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA).  • Managed a cross-departmental project team implementing a Telework Program for the City of Austin. Project scope included technology, policy, and procedure implementation. Project Manager DELL COMPUTERS - Austin, TX June 1998 to May 2001 2003 - 2005 Project Manager DELL COMPUTERS June 1998 to May 2001 Technical Specialist / Project Manager STATE OF TEXAS January 1995 to June 1998 Technical Specialist/ Project Manager STATE OF TEXAS - Austin, TX January 1994 to June 1998 Computer Operator STATE OF TEXAS March 1994 to January 1995 Administrative Specialist STATE OF TEXAS January 1994 to March 1994 Researched and assessed technology purchases. Implemented hardware and software improvements to maintain competitive and quality driven processes. Developed requirements documents, schedules, and other Project Management Plans. Technical support specialist, network administrator, and software application trainer. Technical Specialist / Project Manager UNITED STATES AIR FORCE August 1991 to October 1993 Technical Specialist UNITED STATES AIR FORCE June 1984 to October 1993 Manager / Sergeant UNITED STATES AIR FORCE June 1988 to August 1991 Hospital Administration Specialist UNITED STATES AIR FORCE June 1984 to June 1988 Specialist in all functions of hospital administration to include medical records, admissions, finance, facilities, and IT. Managed/Supervised military and civilian personnel. Technical support specialist, network administrator, and software application trainer. Managed hardware installation and software development projects. Developed requirement documents, schedules, and other Project Management Plans. Education B. S. in Computer Information Science Troy State University - Troy, AL 1995 A.A.S. in Hospital Administration Community College of the Air Force 1988 Skills coaching (10+ years), mentoring (10+ years), MICROSOFT PROJECT (10+ years), PMO (10+ years), Project Management (10+ years) Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) Driver's License Additional Information CORE COMPETENCIES    • Project Management • Project/Program Mgmt Office (PMO) • Leadership  • Contract/Procurement Mgmt • Vendor Management • Customer Service  • Team Building / Motivation • Process Implementation • Coaching/Mentoring  • Functional Management • Project Portfolio Mgmt    TECHNICAL SKILLS    • MS Office Suite • MS Access • Visio • LAN / WAN  • Servers  • Broadband    • PCs  • VoIP    • Telecommunications    • MS Project Server