IT Consultant/Contractor <span class="hl">IT</span> Consultant/Contractor SENIOR PROGRAM MANAGER OF IT AND SYSTEM INTEGRATION SERVICES Kennesaw, GA Actively seeking opportunities that leverage my Information Technology  client-facing skills and experience in both IT Service Management and Solution Delivery    Repeated success as a senior IT services, program, and project manager that is PMP certified. Over 15 years of robust experience in delivering data center solutions, application development and management, software and hardware systems, and services solutions for commercial accounts in client facing roles. Have led all phases of service delivery contracts, software development life cycle, IT architectural design/planning, IT infrastructure management programs, and projects that were large and complex in nature.    Managed projects, programs and portfolios ranging from $32M to $94M in total contract value (between $12M - $20M annually) in senior account, program and project client-facing roles for many diverse organizations and industries (Corporate Real Estate, Financial Services, Travel & Transportation and Telecommunications). Experienced in contract negotiation and management of new engagements, due diligence deal reviews, compliance reviews, risk assessment and management, financial management, client satisfaction, service level management, contract preservation (re-negotiation), and organic growth through Statements of Work for additional products and services. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Consultant/Contractor MCCARTY CONSULTING, LLC - Marietta, GA January 2017 to Present Providing IT Consulting, Project Management, and Solution Delivery Services     • IT Application and Infrastructure Planning   • IT Application Development   • IT Infrastructure Service Delivery   • Vendor Management IT Consultant/Contractor MARKETMED, LLC, - Kennesaw, GA January 2016 to Present Providing IT Consulting, Project Management, and Solution Delivery Services     • IT Application and Infrastructure Planning   • IT Application Development   • IT Infrastructure Service Delivery   • Vendor Management SENIOR PROJECT MANAGER Iron Mountain - Phoenix, AZ June 2013 to December 2015 Phoenix, AZ June 2013 to Dec. 2015  Dedicated to providing comprehensive program and project leadership for strategic modular data center product development, construction program management and system integration delivery solutions for key internal and external customers, managing a program budget of $32M over a 2.5 year period.    SENIOR PROJECT MANAGER  • Successfully delivered senior-level project leadership focused on earning the Uptime Institute's Tier 3 Design Certification for the organization's London and Singapore data centers. Established proof of concepts for modular data center systems and software to potential clients.  • Spearheaded the design, development, deployment, startup, and commissioning of two state-of-the-art ECO modular data center systems (1.2MW each at n+1 resiliency) which received a 1.1 Power Usage Effectiveness (PUE) measure for a leading Financial Services client and two core modular data center systems (1.2MW each at n+1 resiliency) at IO data centers in London and New Jersey.  • Provided MEP construction program management leadership for the facility backplane/docking station projects from design to close out for modular data center deployments at the London and New Jersey IO data centers.  • Deployed IO's new cooling module product along with required construction program management that delivered two raised floor suites each capable of providing electrical and cooling capacity for 300KW of IT load with a resiliency level of n+1 at IO's Edison, NJ facility. PROJECT EXECUTIVE, DELIVERY PROJECT EXECUTIVE IBM October 1997 to June 2013 Continually promoted to oversee increasing project management and IT management responsibilities, requiring advanced IT leadership and the ability to work with industry-leading clients representing distinct industries.    • Effectively oversaw Travel & Transportation engagements and contracts from $64M to $91M and facilitated project management processes to surpass customer satisfaction objectives, service levels, cost containment objectives, and growth targets.  • Transitioned, actively managed and mentored account teams totaling 20 US employees through all phases of project execution, while supervising the delivery work for as many as 100 global resources  • Created a work environment centered on staff engagement through the ongoing development and review of individual team members.  • Successfully managed the restructuring of a strategic outsourcing contract which assisted the client during a chapter 11 reorganization, preserved the total contract value and extended the contract term for an additional five years.  • Organized and successfully executed a mainframe to midrange application migration that allowed the client to reinvest $7.5M and realize a cost savings of $7.5M.  • Relocated client applications and IT infrastructure from a third-party data center to an IBM Tier 4 data center saving the client $5M over the contract term by successfully executing a server and application consolidation as part of the move.  • Assisted with strategic outsourcing deal closings with clients by providing delivery due diligence reviews, contract negotiations with the clients, and leading the CMMI based Process Transition and Transformation projects with the account teams post contract signing.    Software Development Senior Project Manager (Aug. 2004 to June 2007)   Software Development Project Lead, Programmer/Analyst (Oct. 1997 to Aug. 2004) Education B.S. in Computer Science in Computer Science Kennesaw State University - Kennesaw, GA 2000 A.S. in Computer Science in Computer Science DeKalb College - Clarkston, GA 1995 Skills IT Management (10+ years), It Project Management (10+ years), System (10+ years), Financial Management (10+ years), Client Relationship Management (10+ years), People Management (10+ years), Sharepoint, Microsoft Office, testing, training, security, HTML, Active Directory, access Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/mcannonpmp Military Service Branch: Navy Service Country: United States Rank: Intelligence Specialist Second Class December 1987 to December 1991 . Honorably discharged after his four-year tour. Commendations: • National Defense Medal  • Southwest Asia Service Medal (Operations Desert Shield / Desert Storm)  • Good Conduct Medal  • Navy Achievement medal Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) Present Driver's License Additional Information PROFESSIONAL ASSOCIATIONS    • Lifetime Member of Veteran of Foreign Wars  • Lifetime Member of American Legion  • PMI, Atlanta Chapter