Technical Project Manager Technical <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Technical Project Manager Concord, CA Planning and organizing - Refined planning, presentations and organizational skills that balance work, team support and ad-hoc responsibilities in a timely and professional manner. Work Experience Technical Project Manager Robert Half - Oakland, CA May 2019 to August 2019 Team Size 8  Clients Matson Logistics, Concord Ca    Contribution as IT Project Manager    Work Planning and Management  • Project managing Windows 10 upgrade - capacity planning, vendor liaising, efforts optimization and schedule optimization for installments  • Project Management Methodology to ensure project delivery, framework, tasks, activities, and deliverables are represented and accounted for in project plans, timelines, and the system of record.  • Conduct Daily t meetings, communicate project expectations, and serve as a single point of contact for projects.  • Manage schedule, dependencies, and resource utilization for data center ops, setting up and decommissioning infra components for application team and project  • Lead successful delivery of complex customer IT Infrastructure projects from planning, design to implementation.  • Manage the project from start to completion including the resolution of project risks and issues.  • Provide leadership and management of the project team.  • Ensure project objectives and performance metrics are achieved.  • Ensure that project deliverable meet the required quality standards and are accepted by the customer.  • Responsible for the creation and updating of the project schedule and plan with financial, resource and material requirements.  • Responsible for organizing and leading project team and project governance team meetings.  • Accountable for the Project Budget.  • Present service business value to customers for new or existing business.  • Capture key Lessons learnt and Best Practices which can be used to improve AS Service delivery performance  • Build tight working relationship Management teams.  • Utilize good business judgment, a comfortable, open communication style, and a willingness and ability to work with customers and teams.  • Manage multiple activities in a high-pressure environment.  • Prioritized, multi-tasked and adapted to changing requirements and direction.  • Leveraged available tools and templates to develop detailed work plans, schedules, project estimates, resource plans, and status reports.  • Lead and influenced project participants and mentor others to drive team participation.    Status Reporting  • Responsible for regular customer and internal project status and project financial reporting.  • Reviewed status reports submitted by application teams and follow up on any issues, questions, concerns  TJ Maxx Corporation Infrastructure Technical Manager Global Technical Talent, New Hampshire - Marlborough, MA February 2019 to May 2019 Contribution as Infrastructure Technical Manager    Work Planning and Management  • Oversight of the overall planning, execution, and control of multiple large to enterprise-sized infra projects to successful implementation.  • Managed infrastructure project elements of application lifecycle - capacity planning, vendor liaising, efforts optimization and schedule optimization for installments  • Project Management Methodology to ensure project delivery, framework, tasks, activities, and deliverables are represented and accounted for in project plans, timelines, and the system of record.  • Conduct Global WMS project kick-off meetings, communicate project expectations, and serve as a single point of contact for projects.  • Meeting Minutes in Confluence and Sprint Cycles  • Track $33mil Infrastructure Projects and Issues in Jira  • Managed schedule, dependencies, and resource utilization for data center ops, setting up and decommissioning infra components for application team and project  • Lead successful delivery of complex customer IT Infrastructure projects from planning, design to implementation.  • Managed the project from start to completion including the resolution of project risks and issues.  • Managed small to medium or a portion of inflight or transformation IT Infrastructure projects.  • Provided leadership and management of the project team.  • Ensure project objectives and performance metrics are achieved.  • Ensure that project deliverable meet the required quality standards and are accepted by the customer.  • Responsible for the creation and updating of the project schedule and plan with financial, resource and material requirements.  • Responsible for organizing and leading project team and project governance team meetings.  • Accountable for the Project Budget.  • Participate in the preparation of proposals and agreements.  • Oversee project staff including project engineers, both on- and off-shore team, vendors, partners or subcontractors.  • Present service business value to customers for new or existing business.  • Capture key Lessons learnt and Best Practices which can be used to improve AS Service delivery performance  • Continuously focus on project delivery excellence and high level of customer satisfaction.  • Build tight working relationship WMS teams.  • Utilized good business judgment, a comfortable, open communication style, and a willingness and ability to work with customers and teams.    Status Reporting  • Responsible for regular customer and internal project status and project financial reporting.  • Reviewed status reports submitted by application teams and follow up on any issues, questions, concerns.  • Communicated status reports to Steering Committee or Executive Steering Committee.  Orchard Hardware Corporation Technical Manager Implementation Partners - Denver, CO August 2016 to January 2019 Team Size 20  Clients Orchard Hardware, San Jose, Cal    Contribution as Technical Project Manager    Work Planning and Management  • Provided technical direction for the development, design, and systems integration for client engagement from definition phase through implementation.  • Applied significant knowledge of industry trends and developments to improve service to our clients.  • Reviewed work of development team.  • Reviewed system deficiencies and implemented effective solutions.  • Created and executed development plans and revises as appropriate to meet changing needs and requirements.  • Managed the operation of network servers, personal computers, micro-computers and networked systems, including PC-based data-communication and telecommunications systems; maintains standards of operational capacity and ease of workflow.  • Developed, defined and executed project plans, project scope, activities, schedules, budgets and deliverables.  • Keeps project manager well informed of status of development effort and serves as liaison between development staff and project manager.  • Ensured technical teams are contributing to our code library.  • Took ownership of the development lifecycle and was responsible for managing technical risks throughout the project.  • Communicated and enforced coding standards  • Performed code reviews and mentored junior developers.  • Managed technical resources within budget and project schedule.  • Consistently Provided high-quality services to our clients.  • Ensure standard operating procedures and project guidelines are in place  • Task allocation and performance evaluation of team members  • Planned, budgeted and reported on projects    Issue and Risk Management  • Identified and raise project risks and issues  • Identified risks that can be mitigated within the project, lead the resolution of issues  • Communicated to app teams the desired resolution of issues resolved by the Steering Committee or Executive Steering Committee  • Managed the initial escalation of risks and assignment of issues by application teams  • Confirm and close resolved risks and issues    Status Reporting  • Responsible for regular customer and internal project status and project financial reporting.  • Reviewed status reports submitted by application teams and follow up on any issues, questions, concerns. IT Technical Lead Infosys Corporation - Plano, TX July 2012 to August 2016 Team Size 10  Client Irvine Water District, Irvine Cal    Contribution as Lead Consultant    Work Planning and Management  • Draft and maintain design documentation for all equipment, processes, and procedures for Unix, Windows and Oracle server environments.  • Responsible for providing the specifications required for the procurement of systems infrastructure hardware, servers, and software.  • Prepare Daily and Weekly Operational Support Report  • Lead weekly DBA support meetings  • Perform Incident Management complex issues/tickets/changes  • Perform BMC Remedy Change and Incident Management solution functions  • Lead in infrastructure strategy discussions.  • Act as a problem-solver to identify and solve complex system issues and act as a level 3/4 resource without supervision.  • Communicates and coordinates scheduled events and downtimes to users.  • Coordinates third-party maintenance for server hardware and software services.  • Participate in system, application, acquisition or divestiture projects as needed.  • Perform Oracle database server administration and analysis and capacity planning for the CC&B, WAM and PeopleSoft enterprise environments.  • Maintained, monitored, and support PeopleSoft components such as WebLogic, Tuxedo, Process Scheduler, Integration Broker, Cobol, Application Messaging, Data Integration  Data Architecture, Windows and Oracle 11g and 12c database for PWC client.  • Perform Oracle Application DBA Support  • Perform Oracle Code Deployment  • Deliver solutions for Application Disaster Recovery    Oracle DBA  • Provide system infrastructure design solutions/options, both for ongoing operations/optimization and for project-specific system initiatives.  • Perform Installation, Configuration and Upgrades of CC&B, WAM applications.  • Establish and maintain relationships with IT leadership at both the corporate and regional level. Work to gain an understanding of the strategic needs for servers and CC&B, WAM and PeopleSoft applications across the enterprise.  • Establish and maintain relationships with involved vendors at a senior technical level.  • Establish and maintain valid test & training environments for systems related to servers and CC&B and WAM applications.  • Perform Client Walk-Thru sessions of CC&B Installation and Configuration.  • Establish robust monitoring and maintenance processes for large Oracle and CC&B and WAM applications.  • Perform Peoplesoft Environment Analysis and DBA functions.    Arizona Public Service Project Manager Propel TCS - Houston, TX July 2011 to July 2012 Team Size 10  Client Arizona Public Service, Phoenix AZ    Contribution as IT Technical Project Manager    Leadership and Communication  • Established and managed project plan, including the development schedule, delivery schedule, and resource requirements.  • Reported on project progress at established intervals to the customer and company management.  • Established project structure and resourcing plans, and managed the resourcing process, which may have included selection of personnel from partners and customers.  • Lead and motivated a project team; set goals, objectives and priorities; assignments and reviews work.    Management and Administration  • Acted as primary interface with the customer on issues regarding the project deliverable.  • Obtained customer sign-off on key milestones throughout the project life cycle including project closure.  • Acted as primary interface to subcontractors supplying either product or service.  • Ensured that approved methods, processes and tools are consistently followed using the COMPANY'S documented Global Project Management Methodology specifically in relation to change control and risk management  • Responsible for meeting project schedule and results as well as for the customer satisfaction and the quality of the deliverable.    • Analyzed business needs to help ensure Oracle s solution meets the customer s objectives by combining industry best practices and product knowledge.  • Effectively applied Oracle s methodologies and policies while adhering to contractual obligations, thereby minimizing Oracle s risk and exposure.  • Exercised judgment in selecting methods and techniques for effective project delivery on small to medium engagements.  • Provided direction and mentoring to project team.  • Effectively influences decisions at the management level of customer organizations.  • Ensured deliverables are acceptable and works closely with the customer to understand and manage project expectations.  • Supported business development efforts by pursuing new opportunities and extensions. Collaborates with the consulting sales team by providing domain credibility. Technical Manager Oracle Corporation - Houston, TX September 2005 to July 2011 Team Size 10  Client Las Vegas Water District, Las Vegas NV    Contribution as Consultant Technical Manager    Work Planning and Management  • Created and analyzing documentation to ensure quality and Standards meet defined expectations and deliverables.  • Act as a broker for technical requests to and from the Customers.  • Develop and maintain technical project plans. Coordinated technical efforts with project Managers and other technical leads; and undertake special projects as directed.  • Analyzed business needs to help ensure Oracle solutions meet the customer's objectives by combining industry best practices and product knowledge  • Exercised judgment in selecting methods and techniques to deliver technical solutions on very complex aspects of applications and technology installations.  • Point of contact for all assigned projects with responsibility for project deliverables, goals.  • Managed project schedule, issue/risk register, resources, and communication  • Assigned and facilitated tasking into all team members controlling priority, status, and visibility  • Managed project scope and execute appropriate change requests  • Managed relationships throughout the customer organization including all project team members, business contributors and stakeholders, and executive management.  Status Reporting  • Responsible for regular customer and internal project status and project financial reporting.  • Reviewed status reports submitted by application teams and follow up on any issues, questions, concerns    Oracle DBA  • Created new database objects, dictionaries, lists, control tables (and records) and uses pre-defined coding schemes necessary to process data with inputs from development/user groups and creates standard documentation.  • Responsible for the installation, upgrade and configuration of Oracle's Customer Care & Billing system environments version 2.1.0 and Oracle Utilities Work and Asset. Management 1.7x - 1.9x, Oracle •Application Server 10g (OAS), Oracle RDBMS 10g and 11g, Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM).  • Created and maintained database schemas and subset schemas.  • Performed Installation, patching and maintenance of all Enterprise Applications suites in a multi-tier environment.  • Configured and tuned of web and application servers.  • Configured and tuned database tier components for any enterprise applications suite.  • Responsible for planning and upgrading of major and complex application and database upgrades.  • Analyzed and worked on non-standard problems and issues that span multiple technologies and proposes long-term solutions and fixes.  • Worked with Infrastructure team in planning and designing disk storage utilization and optimization.  • Consulted with IT infrastructure and development staff to understand existing problems as well as provide guidance and recommendations for new projects.  • Adhered to rigorous schedules of new implementations, upgrades and required maintenance  • Performance and tuning analysis: Works closely with operations staff to ensure stable performance of the Oracle Applications Database environments, performs performance monitoring/analysis, identifies and resolves bottlenecks.  • Capacity planning: Provided business applications with enough resources for their short-term and long-term growth.  • Resolved problems and answers questions related to the Oracle databases and applications. Contacted vendor support when necessary. Facilitated application development and client problem resolution with optimum speed and efficiency.  • Verify current patch levels and apply required patches for PeopleSoft Application  • Run upgrade Data Mover scripts to populate the PeopleSoft database. Education MS degree in Information Technology Almeda University 1997 Skills Oracle, Rfp, Peoplesoft, Visio, Remedy, Bmc, Solaris, Unix, Aix, Linux, Scm, Rman, Problem solving, Workflow, Oem, Excel, Outlook, Powerpoint, Microsoft word, Word, Scheduling, budget, Microsoft Project, Customer Service Additional Information Business Management Skills - Understand strategy, business functions, decision-making and workflow, RFP.    Communication - Deal with internal and external customers at all levels via telephone and email, stakeholder meetings to ensure successful communication via actively listening and probing questions.    Problem solving - Resolve in-depth queries in a methodical manner independently and with internal and external business partners to find appropriate resolutions, efficiencies and high level of quality.    Team Player - Enjoy sharing knowledge and encouraging development of others to achieve specific team goals.    Computer Skills - Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook Express, Visio    Technical Exposure    • OEM 112c,13c Oracle 13c, 12c, 11g, 10g, 9i and 8.1.7, Sal Developer Tool,  • Unix (Solaris, AIX, Linux, Windows 2007, 2003, 2000  • PeopleSoft, CC&B, WAM, Manhattan SCM  • BMC Remedy Change and Release Management Solution 7.6, Toad, RMAN  • ServiceNow Incidents, ITL-