Sr. IT Program/ Project Manager Sr. <span class="hl">IT</span> Program/<span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Sr. IT Program/ Project Manager - Houston ISD Spring, TX A proactive fully bilingual (English/Spanish) Sr. IT Manager with 20+ years of experience applying process, problem-solving and technical skills to improve individual, team and organizational performance. Extensive experience in implementation, delivery and operation of products and services in large multi-cultural and international enterprises.  Successful leadership experience managing IT functional departments servicing global corporations in different fields including operations, infrastructure engineering and design, support, networking and security.   Very well versed in managing large scale programs/ projects from their conception, vendor selection, contract negotiation, risk and cost management through QA and implementation to deliver solutions for ERP, Finance, Procurement, Human Resources and Operations among others. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr. IT Program/ Project Manager Houston ISD - Houston, TX 2014 to Present School district with 280 schools in the Houston area with over 200k students enrolled and an annual budget of $2B    Sr. IT Program/ Project Manager  • Main programs/ projects managed:  ? SAP Program  * Implementation of SAP Position Budget Control (PBC) module for the district's Budgeting department. The implementation of PBC helped the Budgeting department streamline efficiency and ensure proper budgeting and encumbrance of funds for active and open positions in the 280+ schools and administration buildings within the district.  * Implementation of SAP Supplier Relationship Management (SRM) module for the Procurement department. This implementation included the addition of new components and enhancements to existing functionality to streamline the RFx process from the supplier registration through the contract award or purchase order.  * Managed the projects related to the redesign and update of SAP interfaces with Business Warehouse (BW), Enterprise Data Warehouse (EDW) and .Net Custom Applications, as part of the reimplementation of SAP ECC in the district which included the addition of SAP Human Capital Management (HCM) to replace People Soft.  ? Implementation of Certify by Certica for data validation of more than 200k students enrolled in HISD Schools.  ? Development of Volunteer Connect application for management and screening of over 20k volunteers that participate in school activities and district related events every year.  ? Implementation of Raptor for visitor and volunteer management and screening in all 280 HISD schools and administration buildings.  • Managed multiple projects at one time  • Defined metrics depending on the nature of the project to appropriately monitor project progress.  • Worked with PMO Director and Sr. Project Managers on the development and implementation of project methodology, document templates, KPIs, COBIT objectives and governance. IT PMO Manager BBVA Banking Group - Houston, TX 2008 to 2014 Multinational Spanish banking group with presence in more than 30 countries with over 7,900 offices, 125,000 employees, 75 million customers and 676B euros in assets.    IT PMO Manager - (2008-2014)  • Managed the IT Project Management Office ( IT PMO) with as many as 25 projects in progress at any time.  • Managed the help desk unit specifically designed to assist the company's Top Executives in all aspects or their technology services always ensuring high levels of customer satisfaction and SLA compliance.  • Responsible for the success of all projects under the purview of the IT PMO which requires ensuring customer satisfaction, contract compliance and financial performance are all effectively managed.  • Responsible for over 20 professionals in 2 areas with 2 managers as direct reports.  • Participated in VP and Director level budgeting and forecasting activities.  • Participated in formulating and administering company initiatives and developing short, mid and long term goals and strategies related to technology.  • Oversaw the staffing, project setup, and kick-off for all projects as defined within the stated SLA and ensured that the assigned PM appropriately monitored and reported timely status.  • Managed contract review and proposal processes and participated in the negotiation of contractual agreements. IT Manager BBVA Banking Group - The Woodlands, TX 2005 to 2008 • Responsible for all aspects of the BBVA USA information technology department.  • Oversaw data processing, systems operation and telecom services (voice/data/video).  • Developed and presented the annual budget for IT department and IT projects according to BBVA standards and strategy.  • Managed the IT help desk  • Regularly assured compliance with auditors and regulators.  • Negotiated with vendors prices and discount levels for products and services.  • Directly responsible for BBVA USA data security.  • Achieved operation objectives through direct subordinates and team members. Consultant/ Project Manager BBVA Banking Group - Mexico City 1996 to 2005 • Project Manager for the design, testing and implementation of Microsoft Windows Active Directory forest nationwide.  • Managed a team of internal and external architects tasked with the design of the global active directory structure in Spain.  • Defined scope, budget, requirements, risks, and mitigation plans for all technology projects related to Y2K. Education MBA European Business School of Barcelona B.S in Computer Science Universidad del Valle de México Skills Change Management, Operations, Risk Management, Project Management, Customer Service, Agile, Visio, Microsoft Project, Management, Leadership, Infrastructure, Process Improvement, Compliance, Microsoft SharePoint Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/sergio-ascencio-pmp-itil-scrum-six-sigma-30408712 Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) ITIL MCP Driver's License Assessments Management & Leadership Skills: Planning & Execution — Expert July 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to effectively plan and manage resources to accomplish organizational goals. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/nukmnyj1mgyn9ffu Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.