Senior IT Project/ Program Manager, Consultant Senior <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span>/ Program <span class="hl">Manager</span>, Consultant Senior IT Project/ Program Manager, Consultant - Cognizant Technology Solutions, Inc Chicago, IL Hello,  Hope you are doing well.  Find the attached resume of my consultant available for your requirement. He is 8+ years of experience as a Project Manager.  He is willing to relocate anywhere in USA and available immediately. He will work only on C2C basis.  Kindly let me know if he is suitable for any of your positions.    Looking ahead to work with you for better Business prospects.    Warm Regards,     Prashanth Bandi  Business Development Executive   TechZo Professionals Inc., | www.techzo.net  Email prashanth@techzo.net   Work 832 717 9001 Extn. 1116   6714 Travis St # 1| Houston, TX 77030 Work Experience Senior IT Project/ Program Manager, Consultant Cognizant Technology Solutions, Inc - Chicago, IL August 2013 to Present AT&T ENTERPRISE BUSINESS APPLICATIONS - Chicago, IL  Senior IT Project/ Program Manager, Consultant  Overall Project/Program Manager to plan, organize and lead the implementation of complex Enterprise Application projects from initiation to closing working with end clients, business and IT teams. Establish & gain consensus on project scope, strategy, goals, objectives and deliverables. Develop detailed project/program work plans, secure resources and lead the effort across multiple work streams and global cross-functional teams to deliver the results. Assess and manage on-going status, changes, issues, risks &roadblocks to meet the milestones. Manage customer expectations and stakeholder communications. Scope involves all aspects of SDLC from requirements, analysis, design, development, software configuration/upgrades, system integration, data/application migration, testing and complex deployments. Also manage complex application dependencies on server builds/connectivity in a cloud environment. Complete project artifacts and testing to transition the projects for on-going support. Typical project size involves 20 to 30 FTEs, 20 to 30K hrs., 6 months to 1.5 years long and 400K to 3 million in budget.  Responsibilities:  • Successfully implemented Oracle CRM, ERP project on-time at multiple sites. Developed detailed work plans and led the effort with cross-functional teams from requirements definition, analysis, design, applications configuration, data migration, integration, testing and deployment. Managed changes, status, issues, risks, and communications to meet aggressive go-live dates.  • Implemented complex Oracle ERP upgrade and Supplier applications from requirements to deployment. Developed project work plans, led cross-functional teams and managed changes, issues, risks, road blocks and stakeholder communications to meet the milestones. Developed and implemented complex migration and deployment plans in phases to meet client go-live dates.  • Developed detailed work plans and led the effort to implement Oracle ERP and upgrade project in all phases of SDLC from requirements to go-live. Migrated BI repositories, catalogs, developed custom reports and implemented deployment solutions to minimize down time and improve customer satisfaction. PROJECT MANAGER (CONSULTING) CONFLUENCE - Pittsburgh, PA November 2012 to July 2013 Confluence is investment management industry's leading provider of fully automated data management solution. It offers software for performance, portfolio, holdings and financial statement reporting. Reporting services, enabled investment management firms to Reduce Costs and Eliminate Risk through Automation and Consolidation of Critical Business Processes. Additional Information Technologies: Java, C, HTML, Perl, Salesforce, SQL Server, MS Project, Visio and SharePoint.    Responsibilities:  • Responsible for planning, scheduling and execution of all stages of enterprise software development and implementation projects. Assess business implications for each project phase and monitored progress to meet deadlines, standards and cost targets.  • Budget planning and management for several million dollars in IT department annually  • Manage and lead the work of technical teams. Articulate project goals and scope, translate business needs into technical terms, prepare detailed work breakdown structures (WBS) and instill shared accountability for achieving project milestones.  • Ensure Agile/Scrum concepts and principles are followed and used appropriately by the team  • Bridge the gap between non-technical business users (product owners) and the development team.  • Develop annual IT strategic plan, ensure plan aligns with organization business plan  • Collaborate with organization departments to ensure strategic planning and implementation  • Negotiate vendor contracts for products and services, ensure contract compliance with SLA's  • Team building, productivity improvement, customer satisfaction  • Accountability, coach and mentor, empowerment, engagement, leadership towards department goals  • Strategic organization partner, develop inter-department continuity and maximize new technologies in support of organization mission and vision  • Responsible for the research, design, implementation, and support of all IT related functions  • Govern implementation of disaster recovery site and data center backup  • Provide professional and technical development of staff  • Assist IT team creating yearly development plans, manage plans to accomplish projected goals    Surplus Line Association, San Francisco, CA Apr 2010 - Oct 2012  Project Manager, Consultant  Managed offshore & onsite team of 30 engineers to execute this business process re-engineering project to Java technologies, which included learning the existing systems, workflow, business processes and drawbacks to deliver project with reducing lead time, adding more value to overall business and processes.    Responsibilities:  • Liaised with internal & external stakeholders to prepare and formalize Statement of Work (SoW), manage invoicing, staffing, overseeing the completion and sign-off of all deliverable's as per the SoW.  • Created detailed project plan with well-defined tasks & milestones using MS Project, acceptance criteria, client sign-offs and specifications, which served to communicate project progress to management. Worked on change management, performing impact analysis and adjusting required budget and time line.  • Worked with the team to produce the functional specification, architectural documents and engineering plans. Perform root cause analysis for production failures and provide corrective actions for fixing the issues.  • Worked with multiple team and external vendors on server migrations, created checklists with owners, timeliness, communication and support strategies.  • Established change management procedures, including evaluation and communication. Developed reporting strategy and communication plan for project  • Oversaw and reviewed the quality of teams work and ensuring their adherence to project schedule and service level agreements. Developed performance reports to ensure tasks are completed with compliance to timeliness.  • Collect and publish weekly status report, defect, risks status, budget and schedule forecast using MS SharePoint.    SAMSUNG India Software Operations Pvt Ltd April 2009 - Feb 2010  Project / Program Management Lead  Trained and supervised an internationally distributed deployment team across (Korea, Vietnam, Indonesia and India), ensuring project-readiness by producing an 8% reduction in turnaround time.    Responsibilities:  • My new approach in product release for Mobile TV saved 224 (7*4*8) hours of team productivity.  • Led the product in creating the differentiating phone features such as ringtones, wall papers, APN settings, browser settings, home page settings, splash screens, input methods, and 3rd party applications according to  • Telecommunication operators such as Orange, Airtel, Idea, and Vodafone.  • Customized and released a Symbian phone according to 22 markets in South Asian countries.  • Successfully released an Android phone in 25 markets, which helped the organization to gain new business.  • Responsible for localizing the phone according to different countries.  • Developed a mobile application on Android as part of innovation strategy for South Asian market.  • Integrated the code received from onsite (Korea) and offshore developers (India) for Mobile TV project.  • Developed Message authentication mobile application on Android    Intel Corporation, Bangalore, India July 2008- Mar 2009  Project Lead, Consultant  Worked on multiple mission critical factory automation products running on various Intel factories across the globe. These products were helping Intel in manufacturing various 200mm and 300mm chips.    Responsibilities:  • Managed a 14 member team to maintain and support the mission critical applications used at Intel all over the world.  • Worked closely with application owners and site level engineers to understand the architecture and workflow.  • Gathered requirements, design and coding of various automation software releases to significantly reduce the time.  • Administrated of software releases, establish beta exit criteria and enable general release of the software.  • Interacted with stakeholders from various Intel spread across the globe.  • Was part of the Component Automation System (CAS) Support Team providing 24 hour on-call support to all Intel with ability to troubleshoot problems in a crisis.    YQ Labs / Enovate, Hyderabad Jan 07 -June 08  Project/Product Manager    Responsibilities:  • Managed and executed projects involving Android, Windows mobile, and iOS which led to gain new business of 5 million to the company.  • Led 8 people agile team of developers, designers, and quality assurance specialists.  • Collaborated with sales team in executing the Go-to-market strategy.  • Gathered the requirements from customer and assigned work to the team depending on their capabilities.  • Coordinated with UI designer in creating the wireframes for new mobile applications.  • Worked with technical team in implementation of wireframes using agile scrum methodology.  • Supported and guided the team, provided direction where ever needed for success of the project.    HCL Perot Systems, Bangalore, India Jun 06 - Dec 06  Lead Engineer    Responsibilities:  • Involved in the energy project "Electronic Billing and Energy trading" as project / program management lead.  • Led a team of 5 Group leads and having an overall team size of 25-30 people.  • Directed the recruitment process of key employees and the selection of consultants and outsource-vendors.  • Guided several departments in designing and developing projects through production stage.  • Collaborated with management teams to deliver assigned programs - Developed group and individual timelines, assessed/identified potential bottlenecks in each project/program process.  • Developed and initiated internal processes to improve program delivery within specific timeframes.  • Established goals and milestones as per the desired results to be generated by the project.  • Defined the resources required for completion of a project and allocated resources accordingly.  • Managed teams working on different programs and smoothed out any areas of possible conflict.  • Evaluated the timely performance of different teams working on a project and documented the progress accordingly.  • Assisted the engineers in documenting the project designs and making changes as per needs.  • Ensured that all programs were executed within established time period and complied with the defined standards.