IT Operations Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Operations <span class="hl">Manager</span> Network Engineer NOC Gaithersburg, MD To obtain a network operations engineering position supporting operating systems and application infrastructure in a NOC environment. I'd like to be part of a 24x7 team focused on managing network services for customers. I'm interested in responding to customer inquiries, conducting network surveillance and work with clients to resolve trouble tickets. I'm working within the INE platform to re-certify CCNA. Work Experience IT Operations Manager General Dynamics Information Technology - Falls Church, VA January 2018 to January 2019 Leads a team of 20+ technical staff supporting federal agency IT infrastructure.  ? Manages a staff providing Windows (Server and desktop) administration, network administration, storage management and administration, IT system governance, and helpdesk support.  ? Provides operations activity oversight and management as well as technical leadership to facilitate integration.  ? Accountable for all aspects of NOS infrastructure operations.  ? Supports FISMA compliance and NIST 800-53 control details in a predominantly Windows environment for a large geographically diverse organization. Program Manager General Dynamics Information Technology - Fort Meade, MD November 2012 to January 2018 Managed successful completion of all tasks in assigned program area including technical work, financial, and business development activities.  ? Supervised assigned technical and administrative staff to include responsibility for hiring and performance evaluation.  ? Directed program activities to meet client and organization work objectives and served as a liaison with clients in the coordination of activities, negotiation of tasks, and problem-solving.  ? Responsible for profitability and revenue growth of assigned program(s).  ? Performed business development activities, including the preparation and review of technical and cost proposals.  ? Performed program financial management services, including financial analysis, budget and cost quote preparation, cost management, reconciliation, and profit enhancement.  ? Coordinated and monitored sub-contractor activities including administration of deliverables and finances. Pre-Sales Systems Engineer Juniper Networks - Herndon, MD August 2011 to November 2012 Developed a strategy to assist business development to include new product development and training to establish professional services lines of business with channel partners.  ? Developed and delivered both instructor-led training and virtual classroom delivery of Juniper Network Sales Technical Certifications.  ? Supported network environments with the management of network and security system resources; risk management, security compliance, vulnerability scanning, patching, upgrades, multi-vendor firewalls, routers, switches, load balancers; network design and architecture problem analysis; network troubleshooting and network maintenance measured against SLAs. Project Manager Booz Allen Hamilton - Washington, DC July 2010 to August 2011 Responsible for various financial functions such as budgeting, auditing, forecasting, and analysis.  ? Collected and reviewed systems project schedule data from various sources.  ? Created, maintained, and updated project databases and spreadsheets including program report generation as required.  ? Maintained appropriate records and documentation.  ? Supported assigned engineers in managing, tracking, monitoring, reporting systems, and data center migration as requested.  ? Participated in the preparation of project cost proposals.  ? Conducted audits and analysis of project direct and indirect costs, and reviewed practices and procedures, ensuring that labor and non-labor charges were approved, allowable, and processed promptly.  ? Risk identification and recovery responsibility.  ? Maintained current knowledge of relevant laws, regulations, policies, and procedures. Project Manager Lockheed Martin - Arlington, VA January 2008 to July 2010 Worked closely with Project Managers in the performance of a variety of complex administrative and analytical tasks to support a contract program.  ? Managed a team of 15+ engineers executing multiple IT projects in support of the Department of Defense infrastructure in the Pentagon and surrounding National Capital Area region.  ? Accountable for execution of network services as defined in the overall program contract and service level agreements.  ? Developed plans, budgets, and schedules to monitor all tasks to meet contractual/ project requirements for assigned program.  ? Defined plan requirements and performed in-depth studies to determine optimum program completeness.  ? Monitored and reported performance against plans to ensure contractual cost and schedule objectives were met.  ? Regular interaction with customers to ensure compliance with contractual requirements. Project Engineer March 2005 to January 2008 Responsible for the completion of IT engineering projects.  ? Performed engineering designs evaluations and worked to complete projects within budget and scheduling constraints.  ? Developed, implemented, and monitored information systems policies and controls to ensure data accuracy and security compliance.  ? Determined project specifications by studying project design, customer requirements and performance standards; completing technical studies; and preparing cost estimates. Education Bachelor of Science in Business Administration in Marketing University of Alabama - Tuscaloosa, AL August 1990