Scrum Master Scrum Master West Des Moines, IA A Servant Leader and a seasoned Scrum Master/Agile Project Manager with experience in  successfully delivering multiple projects & products. Experienced in establishing Agile (Scrum,  Kanban, Scrumban) development teams from ground up. Experienced in coaching and ensuring  teams follow Agile principles and practices. Experienced in selecting right Agile framework, processes  & tools. Work Experience Scrum Master Genesis 10 - Des Moines, IA June 2014 to Present Client - Corteva (Formerly Pioneer Hi-Bred), Johnston, Iowa  June 2015 - July 2019    Helped establish 2 brand new scrum teams for the Field Tools Program. Coached and mentored teams to enable close team cooperation and collaboration to achieve goals.  ? Established a brand new offshore agile Development Team for Connex program.  Trained the team on Agile & Scrum principles and practices. Monitored team progress and helped resolve issues/challenges.  ? Led the efforts to retire (and migrate to cloud) external interfaces to a legacy system  (FIS). Roughly 50 groups were impacted by this. Closely coordinated with these  groups on various ways to pull data from Azure cloud. Also managed communication  and, planned & executed the development, testing & implementation.  ? Worked with teams in identifying waste and came up with mitigation plans. Triaged  teams' production bugs and issues.  ? Established a 'dev-ops' team to facilitate better coordination among design, operations, development & testing of data & ETL needs. The team also streamlined  some of the continuous Integration and deployment processes.  ? Performed day-to-day Scrum Master duties: Removed impediments & shielded teams  from external interferences. Facilitated daily stand-ups, sprint reviews, retrospectives, planning sessions, pointing sessions and release planning.  ? Worked closely with teams in changing/adapting processes and practices to increase  productivity.  ? Created forecast & timelines. Tracked and communicated team velocity and sprint/release burnups/burndowns.  ? Worked closely with Product Owners in creating product roadmaps, prioritizing work  and defining 'minimally viable product.'  ? Ensured a healthy backlog by helping teams create clear and concise right-sized  features/stories.  ? Helped teams and product owners in requirements gathering by deploying various  techniques; personas, process mapping, story mapping, story writing & technical story  writing.  ? Explored and tried various development and testing strategies with teams; Pair  Programming, BDD, TDD, Acceptance Testing, Integration Testing to name a few.    Client - PGI, Des Moines, IA  June 2014 - May 2015  Senior Project Manager / Scrum Master    ? Managed a project that involved implementation of various financial data subjects at the Enterprise Shared Data Layer (ESDL), tools to help manage it, and the source and  consumer rules to allow trades to flow from Charles River Trading System into PAM and Portia Accounting Systems via the ESDL. The first phase of the project  successfully went live in March 2015 with Trade data subject.  ? The budget was roughly $1.5 million dollars (all labor cost) for the first phase of the project which lasted about 12 months.  ? Worked with teams in identifying dependencies across many ongoing projects and planned resources and infrastructure accordingly.  ? Worked closely with business in defining business processes, source rules and consumer rules for the trade data subject.  ? Managed a POC effort to evaluate an integration platform for PGI.  ? Simultaneously managed an RFP project to evaluate and select investment accounting  system from August 2014 to March 2015. This project had a budget of ~600K and had  a team of 8 members of various allocations, including 2 FT consultants. Part of the project we conducted current state analysis, gathered requirements and created 2  RFP's. One RFP went out to 4 accounting software vendors and the other RFP went out to 4 accounting outsource providers. With the help of the consultants, conducted  cost/benefit analysis, managed vendor relations and facilitated vendor demos and  vendor due-diligence. Project Manager GDIT - West Des Moines, IA May 2011 to May 2014 ? Managed all aspects of technical program implementation involving the creation of multi-payer claims databases, infrastructure and front-end j2ee application from  scratch.  ? Time and materials budget of $8 million dollars.  ? Program had up to 30 team members (full time & part time) at peak.  ? Managed the planning, development and execution of a three-tier JEE web portal  application to enable researchers' access to the data. This development effort lasted  close to 2 years.  ? Managed project scope and Identified and managed risks/issues.  ? Managed the security audit and the subsequent remediation of audit findings.  ? Strictly followed the CMS' system development life cycle process and led the team  during gate reviews.  ? Controlled and Monitored project and identified any deviation from the project baseline.  ? Managed the creation of data fulfillment logistics and a help-desk around it.  ? Established and built relationships with internal and external teams.  ? Developed, finalized and managed the timeline, budget & security plans.  ? Managed clients and stakeholders' expectations.  ? Introduced and utilized JIRA to ensure task ownership and completion.  ? Directly worked with clients, users and business in gathering requirements and in breaking down statement of works into manageable deliverables.  ? Managed the design and build of a 3-tier infrastructure that involved installation and configuration of Networking, 2 Exadata Database Servers and 26 Windows and Linux  servers from scratch.  ? Rolled out Remedy 8.1 to CCW program.  ? Managed multiple infrastructure related projects for a client; VPN rollout, Multi-factor  authentication & creation of Adobe LiveCycle infrastructure.  ? Managed a pilot Big Data project that involved using Hadoop to 1) prove if Hadoop can  replace CPU intensive data profiling currently done by SAS & 2) integrate Hadoop with Oracle OBIEE and validate ad-hoc report on all spectrums of variables.  ? Managed a BI project that involved integration of OBIEE to a website where internal  users can select the subject area variable and create various reports and charts from the beneficiary summary file. Project Manager / IT Specialist, Web Infrastructure Nationwide Insurance - Des Moines, IA October 2004 to April 2011 Managed an infrastructure project that involved migration of more than 120 Application  Servers, Web Servers and more than 50 J2EE applications to Columbus from Des Moines.  Led a team of 7 in planning, execution and monitoring of the Web Infrastructure Team's  deliverables that lasted for 14 months. Subproject off a data center migration project.  ? Managed a project that involved reengineering of Allied's Development and Test web hosting  environments. The project lasted for 6 months with a total budget of more than $1 Million.  ? Managed a project that involved implementation of a clustered WebSphere and WebSphere  Portal environment for Nationwide Agribusiness. Led a team of 6 for 8 months.  ? Led a project that involved migration of Nationwide Insurance's Agent Center from ColdFusion  to IBM WebSphere. Web Developer / Web Admin / Project Manager ABC Virtual Communications - Des Moines, IA 2002 to September 2004 Performed duties as assigned. Education BS in Computer Information Systems Drake University - Des Moines, IA