IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager - Apex Systems Inc Wake Forest, NC Achieved $1.2M in savings  -- Led the transition of vendor-provided Tier II software application support from vendor's off-site location to an on-site Postal location resulting in a $1.2M savings.  -- Eliminated a three-year project bottleneck within three months:  -- Developed and implemented two personnel security-related processes working directly with USPS Office of General Council, Privacy Office, Inspection Service, Human Resources, Labor Relations, and the Corporate Information Security Office.  -- Established a senior leadership governance board to mitigate future bottlenecks.  -- Implemented a decision log to clarify who, what and why decisions were made (e.g., Postal policy, legal, legislative, etc.), which resulted in a cohesive team understanding and propelled the team forward to achieve three-month goals.  -- Established and implemented project management best practices.    Improved retail point-of-sale system conversion time by 50%  -- Reduced the time required to transition all Postal retail office systems from POS to RSS by 50% by replacing the manual conversion process with a new automated implementation process.  -- Facilitated risk assessment, created a risk management plan, and managed risks identified as potential conversion success inhibitors.    Reduced Production defects by 75%  -- Designed and implemented a software testing and defect tracking tool to document test plans, cases and results and identified defects reducing the number of defects going into Production by 75%.  -- Produced 30% life cycle savings and reduced installation time by 50% for turnkey delivery solution. Led technical subject matter experts to provide a telephony turnkey solution that reduced installation time by 50%, beating competitors' time to market, resulted in a 30% life cycle savings of $150M, and fulfilled our customer's request.    Increased available eCommerce services by 30%  -- Initiated the use of Agile software development to project and business stakeholders resulting in improved delivery of new North Carolina revenue and tax services and increased availability of eCommerce services by 30%. Work Experience IT Project Manager Apex Systems Inc March 2019 to Present Managed Advance Auto Parts Supply Chain projects including distribution center WCS upgrade requiring  vendor and resource management, strategic planning across the enterprise to mitigate risks and scope creep, and monitor, control, and report on project schedule and funding. Senior IT Program Manager USPS September 2012 to March 2019 Senior IT program manager responsible for leading IT and CIO initiatives and supporting organizational  change management. Key areas include IT Leadership Team project advisor, developed and implemented IT / CIO budget risk register, member of ServiceNow Governance Board, review and  approval of all ServiceNow IT Service Catalog items, and creating and updating of IT policy and processes. Earned USPS certification as LSS Green Belt. Business Process Consultant Verizon January 2011 to September 2012 Managed the development of ITIL-based process and procedure manuals to improve efficiencies  associated with Verizon customer contracts valued at $25M or more. Created process flows using MS  Visio. Worked with Verizon and customer technical stakeholders defining mutually agreeable service  level agreements (SLAs) within legally-binding contracts. Focus on customer success and sustained  customer satisfaction. Senior Project Manager Quintiles Transnational, Inc March 2008 to September 2010 Managed project teams through the SDLC ensuring FDA, SOX, and other regulatory compliance and meeting budget, scope, and schedule objectives. Used MS Project and HP PPM for project tracking. Manager IT PMO December 2006 to March 2008 IT PMO manager reporting to the Deputy CIO to define one, three, and five-year department IT strategic  plans. Led efforts to conduct and baseline IT process maturity. Results used to define a strategic plan to integrate ITIL best practices throughout IT, including establishing OLAs within the DOR and SLAs with the NC State governing agency. Membership Services Associate WCPE April 2004 to December 2006 Led the documenting of system requirements to replace aging financial system. Documented technical  business requirements, developed test plan and test case to validate a new database against business  requirements. Negotiating volunteer meals from local business donations. Analyzed listener survey results  using MS Excel pivot tables. Education Bachelor of Science in Business Administration North Carolina Wesleyan College Associate of Science in Telecommunications Pennsylvania State University