Sr. IT Project Manager Sr. <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Looking for a 100% remote opportunity with no or minimum travel Jacksonville, FL 17 years of professional experience in Information Technology.  Excellent planner and well organized. Extensive experience in budget, resource, cost, time and scope management   13 years of experience in Project Management in different roles such as Project Manager, PMO leader, Scheduling, Scrum Master, Risk, Change Management and Business Analysis.  Strong experience in SAP project implementations (FI/CO, SD, MM), Microsoft Dynamics AX, CRM and applications in general. Also, Infrastructure projects like Hosting, Networking, Decommission and Identity Management.  PMP certified since 2011, ITIL certified since 2012 and Professional Scrum Master (PSM I) certified in 2018  Master Degree in I.T. Project Management and Bachelor Degree in Computer Science Engineering.  Fluent in English and Spanish and intermediate level of Portuguese.  Experience working with multicultural teams and important companies like Procter & Gamble, Hewlett Packard, Symantec, Luxottica, Rockwell Collins. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr. IT Project Manager GuideWell Source - Jacksonville, FL June 2019 to Present Leading projects related to infrastructure and applications development in Agile and Waterfall methodology Sr. Project Manager / Business Analyst The Safariland Group - Jacksonville, FL May 2017 to May 2019 Senior Project Manager and Business Analyst              Successful implementation of Microsoft Dynamics AX and Point of Sales (POS) in the Distribution/Retail division of the organization. Salesforce decommission project to implement Dynamics CRM. Also worked in AX system enhancements for Manufacturing division utilizing Scrum framework approach for high quality and short-term deliverables.      I have implemented projects applying waterfall methodology as well. IT Project Manager Stein Mart Corporation - Jacksonville, FL November 2016 to May 2017 IT Agile Project Manager (Infrastructure and Software Implementation) successfully implemented a corporate Identity Management Project. Leading meetings of status and portfolio management, generating all project documents like budget, project plan and schedule, communication plan, testing plan, stakeholder analysis, risk and issue management, budget management, among other ones. The project was integrating HR systems to all corporate new Identity Management system, involving hardware procurement, network, infrastructure and application configurations, data migration, testing, change management and other major areas under the scope.    Skills Used  Project management, project financials, scope management, time management, master scheduling, identity management, contract management, leadership, team work, issue resolution, MS project, IT Infrastructure, IT security, project status and reporting, procurement, project costs, risk and issue management among other ones. IT Project Manager Rockwell Collins - Annapolis, MD October 2015 to February 2016 Software development project manager executing six projects at the same time in Waterfall and Agile methodologies. Some of my responsibilities were: leading meetings (status, kick off, financials), generate financial (EAC, ETC, earn value) and status reports, register and track issues and risks, participate in new initiatives or proposals and generate project schedules among other activities.    Skills Used  Project financials, leadership, team work, issue resolution, MS project, project status and reporting, procurement, project costs, risk and issue management among other ones. IT Project Manager / PMO Lead Hewlett Packard - San Jose, CA June 2007 to February 2015 I had a very successful career performing with excellence multiple roles during almost 8 years, such as PMO Leader in IT Project Manager and SAP Consultant. Integrating, improving and developing SAP solutions regarding FI/CO, SD and MM modules (among other modules)    Accomplishments  Successfully implemented standards and the structure of the Transition PMO for Luxottica account. Additionally, I have a lot of experience in any kind of projects in IT field, infrastructure or applications. I’m currently working as PMO leader and have experience in any roles of PMO participated. My certifications, experience and good attitude to achieve project objectives is the key to accomplish a successful closure in all the projects I have been managed.     Skills Used  PMP skills like communication, risk and issues, change management, negotiation, solving problems, schedule management, human resources, procurement. Applying standards, getting knowledge in hosting, networking and a lot of experience in SAP and another applications. Data warehousing, IT infrastructure, IT security management, consulting, master scheduling, contract management.  WBS and MS Project were applied in many projects. Project Implementation / Data Base Administration Procter and Gamble - San Jose, CA April 2006 to March 2007 Project implementation team / Business Intelligence DBA: I was working in several projects of implementation and reengineering of databases collecting information from SAP systems. Besides, system support and Data Base Administration (SQL Server 2000, Analysis Services, Service Desk and MIS Plain).    Accomplishments  Successfully completed the projects of implementation of legacy data bases and cubes OLE for many applications connected to SAP.  Troubleshooting and improving process.     Skills Used  SAP, SQL Server, Cubes OLE, Analysis Services, Service Desk Developer, System Analyst and DBA Ministry of Social Security and Work - San José, Provincia de San José November 2004 to March 2006 DBA / System Analyst: I was the system analyst and developer of a big project to improve the administration and control of vehicles and fuel of this ministry. Also I was in charge the administration of a large database of retired population of Costa Rica.    Accomplishments  Implemented a system which save a lot of money to the government and they were able to have more control about expenses and assets.    Skills Used  SQL, Visual Basic, programming, other DB administration. Developer and system analyst Cybersoft - San José, Provincia de San José February 2002 to May 2003 DBA / System Analyst: I participated in analysis and development of several modules of an Enterprise  Resource Planning (ERP) system. In addition, support, marketing and end user's training.    Accomplishments  The implementation of that ERP system was successfully completed.    Skills Used  Programming, DBA, ERP systems, System Analyst, Visual Basic, SQL Server. Teacher Ministry of Public Education - San José, Provincia de San José February 2002 to May 2003 Teacher: I was an enthusiastic teacher of computers, operational systems (Windows, Linux) and Office applications. I was also volunteer providing free mathematic classes to the students.    Accomplishments  Teaching students for around 1 year    Skills Used  Basic computer software, Windows, Office packages, teaching skills. Education PMP in Project Management PMI 2007 to 2021 ITIL V3 certification in ITIL Methodology EXIN 2012 to 2012 Mcs (Masters) in Computer Science Universidad Nacional de Costa Rica - San Jose, CA 2006 to 2010 Bachelor Degree in Computer Science Engineering Universidad Internacional de las Americas - San José, Provincia de San José 2001 to 2005 Professional Scrum Master in Scrum Scrum.org December 2018 Skills Ms Project (10+ years), Agile Development (6 years), SAP (6 years), ITIL (6 years), Waterfall methodology (8 years), MS Office (10+ years), PMP (7 years), JIRA (1 year), Agile (6 years), Service Management (7 years), Identity Management (2 years), Human Resources systems (1 year), Microsoft Dynamics AX (1 year), Scrum (6 years), Dynamics CRM (1 year) Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/marielawilliams Awards Customer Excellence 2008-04 Recognition for offering a great customer service during project implementation in Procter & Gamble company. Living our values, results trough teamwork 2014-08 Recognition received in Hewlett Packard while working in Luxottica account as PMO leader for obtaining great customer services and results during project implementations. Making a difference 2014-10 Recognition received in Hewlett Packard while working in Luxottica account as PMO leader for obtaining great customer services and results during project implementations. Certifications/Licenses PMP / Project Management Professional August 2010 to Present PMP certification of PMI / Project Management Institute ITIL Foundations V3 certification June 2012 to Present From EXIN Professional Scrum Master I (PSM I) December 2018 to Present Additional Information Looking for a contract or full time job, I prefer remote but I can also work on site