Contractor Contractor Contractor - Orange Business Services Ocala, FL A professional Senior IT Project Manager with over 17 years of experience, has the proven ability to manage multiple projects while meeting challenging deadlines.  Specific skills in:  ? MPLS  ? IPT  ? VOIP  ? Cisco Unified communications  ? Coaching and mentoring  ? Manage international projects Work Experience Contractor Orange Business Services January 2015 to Present IT Project Manager July 2009 to October 2014 Knowledge of MS Office products (Word, Excel, Outlook, Project)  ? strong written and verbal communication skills  ? strong organization skills with attention to detail  ? strong problem solving skills  ? ability to manage conflict /resolution  ? Technical project management experience  ? Manage multiple small (<$100k) to medium size ($100k-$1M) projects concurrently  ? Manage project budgets and forecasting  ? Excellent interpersonal skills  ? Exceptional communication, presentation, organization and time management skills  ? Strong analytical skills  ? Effective conflict management skills  ? Exceptional relationship and partnering skills while leveraging resources appropriately  ? Ability to work multiple projects simultaneously  ? Knowledge and use of MS Project  ? Ability to coach and lead up to 20 resources in multi-million dollar IT projects. Meet and exceed project management revenue targets. Plan, develop and implement CISCO Unified Communications Network connectivity projects according to defined PMBOK methodology.    The following is a list of Projects I had managed, the Customer Account and solution:  • Cirque du Soleil / IPT & data (Cisco solution)  • Morgan Stanley Dean Witter / back bone network upgrade to fiber ;Level3 hosting)  • Royal Bank of Canada - Royal Investment Services / voice & data upgrade to Cisco solution.  • Bell Canada / data upgrade to Cisco solution  • XL Global Services / data upgrade to Cisco solution  • GlaxoSmithKline / data & voice upgrade to Cisco solution  • Gate Gourmet / data upgrade to Cisco solution  • Mitsui OSK lines / data upgrade to Cisco solution  • Moodys / upgrade to Cisco security solution  • Alcoa / data upgrade to Cisco solution  • Debevoise & Plimpton / data upgrade to Cisco solution  • Bank of New York Mellon / upgrade voice to Cisco IPT solution  • Ernst & Young / data upgrade to Cisco solution.  • AP Moeller Maersk / upgrade voice to Cisco IPT solution Manager S.I.T.A July 1999 to July 2009 • Provide Second Level IT Network Support in the set-up and maintenance of High Profile Accounts.  • Provide a single point of contact for the customer to resolve IT Network and Performance issues. S.I.T.A July 1997 to July 1999 Supervisor - IT Network Operations  Jul1997 - Jul1999    ? Monitoring and diagnosing system, application and network performance problems  ? Troubleshooting and escalating system, application or network issues  ? Managing and supporting remote systems  ? Performing QA testing on large data systems to ensure data integrity  ? Point of contact for network events or productions outages    • Train and supervise new personnel on company policies and procedures.  • Assist and coordinate with complex trouble-shooting.  • Provide IT network information/trouble-shooting to company personnel. Managing Customer Care/ICS S.I.T.A July 1995 to July 1997 IT Network Control - IT Network Operations  Jul 1995 - Jul 1997    ? Provide the resolution of customer problems, issues, questions and concerns, met and exceeded customer expectations.  ? Provide technical expertise and system/network knowledge supporting Network Operations personnel and Customer Service efforts in researching customer problems, issues, and concerns.  ? Monitor the Network for identifying circuit degradation or failure.  ? Report circuit problems/outages to management, documenting troubles in the trouble ticket call system.  ? Support Network Operations personnel and Customer Service training and documentation activities.  ? Provide application/network support training for internal operations.  ? Participate on Product Teams and/or associated task forces.  ? Strong understanding of UNIX/DOS/Windows in a workstation environment  ? experience with Network Management Systems (Netview 6000, HP Openview)    Expertise:  ? LAN Operation/Maintenance Support  ? SNA/SDLC; X25; X28, IP, IPT  ? CUCM  ? Managing Customer Care/ICS  ? Managing Total Quality  ? Supervision/Management Skills  ? Priority Management  ? Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint, Visio, Project. Education High school or equivalent Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/ITprojectmanagerbrezzi