Customer Service Supervisor Customer Service Supervisor Customer Service Supervisor - Spectrum Palm Bay, FL Work Experience Customer Service Supervisor Spectrum (Charter Communications) - Melbourne, FL 2016 to Present •     Insured implementation of call center policies, operations and performance standards.  •     Manage and approve payroll and daily attendance of direct reports (Kronos)(ADP).  •     Monitored and evaluated agents performance to assure quality service, professionalism and identify actions that can improve call quality and customer satisfaction.  •     Manage a team of call center agents in compliance with all call handling metrics - productive time, schedule adherence, call handle time.   •     Facilitate meetings, training and development of direct reports.  •     Respond and resolve Escalated Customer concerns.  IT Technician Cirrus Thinking, LLC. – - Miami, FL 2010 to 2016 •            Provided excellent customer service and remote support  •            Proficient in billing and ticketing systems   •            Sale force team leader  •            Shipped and received products in warehouse environment  •            Data Center security clearance  •            Transport and installation of 80 lbs equipment  Project Manager Aderium Solutions 2007 to 2011 •      Lead specialized team of 11 on Royal Caribbean Cruise Ships Solstice and Equinox  •      Organized and prepared over 6000 computers for deployment on ships   •      Securely mounted & installed Video On Demand Equipment in each Cabin Education Associates Degree Palm Beach State College 2010 Partial Business Administration Brevard Community College 2006 Coral Springs High School 2005 Skills CUSTOMER SERVICE, KRONOS, PAYROLL, BILLING, SATISFACTION Additional Information Professional Skills  • Microsoft Office Suites  • Word / Excel  • Mac OSX  • Support Ticketing System  • CSG / Kronos Software  • Micro Strategy    • Aspect, RTA Software  • ICOMS, CRM Software  • Shipping & Receiving  • 10 key Proficiency  • Multi-Tasking Skills  • Dedicated Work Ethic    • Professional  • Motivated & Adaptive  • Time Management  • Customer Service  • Supervisory Skills  • Inventory Management    Employment Skills  Charter Communications, Inc. - Spectrum - Customer Service Supervisor  • Insured implementation of call center policies, operations and performance standards.  • Manage and approve payroll and daily attendance of direct reports (Kronos).  • Monitored and evaluated agents performance to assure quality service, professionalism and identify actions that can improve call quality and customer satisfaction.  • Manage team of call center agent compliance of all call handling metrics - productive time, schedule adherence, call handle time, after call work.  • Facilitate meetings, training and development of direct reports.  • Respond and resolve Escalated Customer concerns.    Cirrus Thinking, LLC. - Sales Force Technician    • Provided excellent customer service and remote support  • Proficient in billing and ticketing systems  • Sale force team leader  • Shipped and received products in warehouse environment  • Data Center security clearance  • Transport and installation of 80 lbs equipment    Aderium Solutions, INC. (Royal Caribbean International Contract) - Project Manager  • Lead specialized team of 11 on Royal Caribbean Cruise Ships Solstice and Equinox  • Organized and prepared over 6000 computers for deployment on ships  • Securely mounted & installed Video On Demand Equipment in each Cabin