IT Infrastructure Transition Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Infrastructure Transition <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Infrastructure Transition Manager - Daimler Trucks North America Portland, OR • 24+ Years as an Information Technology Professional  • 17+ Years Systems Architecture and Support  • 16+ Years Managing IT projects using a high-level project life cycle or software development life cycle methodology    Information Technology Director with over 24 years Information Technology experience in IT operations, project management, systems analysis, programming and applications development, and infrastructure in Government, High Technology, Retail and private-sector arenas. Recognized as an exceptional leader and problem solver with outstanding customer service skills and a sound technical background, and is highly regarded for the ability to lead technical teams and projects to successful results. Work Experience IT Infrastructure Transition Manager Daimler Trucks North America August 2018 to Present Managing several enterprise infrastructure projects for operations at Daimler locations throughout the United States. Project areas include Windows server migrations from legacy versions, application migrations across multiple platforms, and implementation of true redundant WAN architectures at various Daimler plants, offices and distribution centers.. IT Infrastructure Transition Manager TekSystems May 2017 to August 2018 at Portland General Electric  Joining a relatively new team to PGE, efforts focus on successfully transitioning infrastructure projects into fully supported operational status, bringing together multiple tiers of IT support teams. Major focus for PGE is in transitioning their migration of over 4,000 email boxes to the Microsoft Office 365 Exchange Online platform. IT Project Manager at The Standard TekSystems May 2016 to May 2017 Responsible for driving and delivering the migration of 4,000+ user mailboxes and related resources from an internally-hosted Microsoft Exchange environment to the Microsoft Office365 Exchange Online platform. Additionally, served as subject matter expert on Office365, Exchange Online and hybrid Exchange On-Premises/In-Cloud Tenant environment while working with support teams in supporting Office365 users, with transition managers in knowledge transfer of Exchange support, and with business stakeholders in evaluating and adapting business processes to work within the Office365 platform. IT Project Manager XPO Logistics May 2012 to April 2016 As a project manager, responsible for the successful delivery of multiple IT infrastructure projects including the deployment of 14,000 Android smart tablets to service centers across the US and Canada, and the migration of over 15,000 users, worldwide, to the Microsoft Office 365 platform for both electronic mail and instant messaging. Senior Business Systems Manager Business Systems - Portland, OR December 2011 to November 2012 Responsible for the direction and management of the Business Systems Support, Technical Operations and Service Desk functions. Lead the Business Systems team in working with stakeholders, both leadership and subject matter experts, to support the organization's strategy, processes, information management and business systems goals, and provided critical decision support, guidance, and recommendations in support of organizational goals.  • Lead an organization-wide and cross-functional team effort to replace an analog phone system with a state-of-the-art voice over IP (VoIP) system to support over 500 employees and thousands of customers nationwide.  • Developed first-ever applications architecture strategy to standardize the implementation of enterprise applications, bring consistency to enterprise applications support, and lower overall cost of ownership of enterprise applications.  • Strengthened software and capital budgeting strategies, saving nearly $500,000 in FY13.  • Lead information security efforts to develop comprehensive strategies to maintain the confidentiality, integrity and accessibility of organization information. IT Project Manager, PGE VanderHouwen & Associates - Portland, OR July 2010 to December 2011 As a contract project manager, responsible for managing various IT projects for infrastructure and generation. Projects cover a range of IT responsibilities including network expansions, application rollouts and systems/technology upgrades. Work has also included foundational work in project portfolio management for the IT organization. IT Infrastructure Manager Powell's City of Books - Portland, OR November 2009 to March 2010 Manage the team comprising of system administrators, database administrators, telecom engineers and desktop support specialists for the corporate office and flagship retail bookstore. Provide technical and professional leadership in all areas of networking, systems administration and systems architecture, while providing technical input on projects and strategic initiatives.  • Lead the network and systems administration team through the successful implementation of a new inventory management and point-of-sale system, including data conversion of over one million products and related historical data.  • Developed and prioritized infrastructure projects for storage area network (SAN) optimization, Exchange 2007 implementation, and VPN/Firewall upgrading. Director of Information Services Epiq Systems - Beaverton, OR January 2008 to August 2009 Lead the Information Technology, Software Engineering and Information Security departments for a publically-traded professional services organization's Class Action Settlement Administration division by managing a staff of 25 technicians, developers and managers, in ongoing development and support responsibilities. Set the direction for internal application development, systems support, infrastructure architecture, and information technology security. Develop business analysis and forecasting reports as necessary to establish capital budgets, technology roadmaps, and project staffing. Manage facilities as appropriate for delivering IT services including HVAC and UPS. Provide expert technical leadership for the VP and General  Manger and executive leadership team to establish and maintain technical competitive advantage in the marketplace  • Established an effective systems support model to efficiently support over 400 employees, contractors and temporary workers.  • Successfully delivered the technical support and infrastructure architecture of the Digital TV Converter Box Coupon Program on behalf of the US Department of Commerce.  • Directed information security efforts to successfully meet all requirements of various information security regulations including PCI-DSS, HIPAA and FISMA/NIST.  • Designed a portable, expandable and isolated secure infrastructure to comply with FISMA high-security information security requirements, and attested to meet or exceed NIST-800 series requirements, utilizing technologies from Cisco, Foundry, Microsoft and VMware.  • Initiated and managed development projects to rebuild key corporate applications to provide new customer functionality and feature extensibility.  • Performed analysis on several client engagements including Genworth, GE and British Airways, and implemented controls to ensure the accurate and safe handling and delivery of sensitive personally identifiable information.  • Drove process changes to integrate information security standards in the software development lifecycle.  • Designed several cost saving development and data analysis tools designed to improve margins and quality of data analysis.  • Designed 'Data-at-Rest' encryption strategy and platform to support the TJ Maxx Identity Breech settlement, the largest identify theft class action case in United States history. Sr. Project Manager, Contractor PacifiCorp - Portland, OR 2007 to 2008 As a contract project manager, manage a portfolio of internal and external IT projects for the Power Generation division of PacifiCorp by leading cross-functional IT teams in the execution of various systems and infrastructure projects.  • Brought a stalled infrastructure project into operational status, realigned project team efforts, and identified tasks that saved weeks of project time.  • Modified key activities for a generation project team to save over 80 man-hours of budget dollars and bring a new system into production on schedule.  • Successfully led and closed three key projects that resulted in deploying Citrix, Office Communications Server, and Boiler Tube Failure tracking systems for thermal power generation facilities.  • Designed the architecture and implementation strategy for a large-scale project management tool, Primavera, including the identification of interfaces into existing systems include SAP.  • Re-designed the architecture and security model of an instant messaging platform to exceed industry standard bestpractices for IM security and Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) regulations.  • Created technical positioning white papers and presented to corporate management to adopt strategic technologies as corporate standards. IT Manager, Project Manager, Team Lead/Senior Administrator Synopsys, Inc - Hillsboro, OR 1995 to 2006 1999 to 2006)  Responsibilities included managing a team of system administrators that supported end users and the networking/compute infrastructure, developing and implementing complex and wide-ranging IT projects both domestically and internationally. Managed teams in multi-OS support environments and directed efforts leveraging new technologies to solve challenging problems facing software engineering teams while improving overall quality and reliability of IT resources.  • Successfully managed site/infrastructure build-outs, corporate relocations, and acquisition integration projects that required interfacing with external clients/companies, resulting in zero site downtime and clean product builds an average of 7 days ahead of expected schedules.  • Planned and managed global software rollout projects, including the development of customized deployment tools, saving hundreds of terabytes of live data and hundreds of thousands of dollars in saved manpower and equipment costs.  • Successfully led support teams at executive events and trade shows in North America, Europe, and Asia, providing 24/7 secure corporate networking in remote locations for more than 1000 employees from across the world.  • Authored several internal policies, procedures, and technical support documents including Service Level Agreements and data protection, and security guidelines that streamlined helpdesk support and ensured SOX compliance for information protection.  • Designed the next-generation backup system and its deployment strategy and systems for worldwide, desktop systems backups.  • Developed company's first windows OS, primary platform software development environment for porting flagship Unix applications to the Windows platform.  • Designed and implemented software development acquisition model and infrastructure for integrating source code, intellectual property and other assets acquired through corporate mergers. Senior NT Systems Administrator Mountain View, CA 1997 to 1999 PC Support Specialist, Beaverton, OR (1995 to 1997)  Supported systems and software developers in porting core products to Microsoft operating systems, while creating scalable, supportable software development environments involving Unix and Microsoft operating systems. As technical lead, led technical team in all efforts of engineering environment support.  • Developed the Microsoft NT infrastructure and several Unix/Microsoft interoperability solutions for a high-paced software development/testing/release workflow that reduced build times by more than 50%, bringing ported applications to market ahead of schedule  • Created and deployed several internal applications and tools for automated system administration, auditing, data management, and revision control that opened the door for first-ever, true cross-platform access of source code for product builds, testing, and release.  • Created the first enterprise-wide data backup system and methodology for all Windows-based systems.  • Developed company's first enterprise-wide anti-virus tool used throughout all North American offices. ADP Manager DAE Corporation - Washington, DC 1989 to 1995 Assistant Project Manager, FEMA, Washington, DC (1994 to 1995) Senior Database Systems Programmer/Computer Systems Consultant, Chevy Chase, MD (1989 to 1994)  As the ADP Manager and system administrator, designed, installed, and maintained multi-user, real-time ADP system as specified by the project proposal team. Managed all ongoing development, implementation, and maintenance of computerized operations to ensure 24/7 accessibility. Responsibilities also required working with all vendors for purchasing, modification, and implementation of all systems that were used to support distribution of over 2,000 FEMA publications.  • Developed and implemented a new inventory and order management system for the FEMA Publications Distribution Center, responsible for shipping all disaster relief and preparedness materials throughout the United States.  • Led technical support team to train FEMA officers nationwide.  • Developed the first publications center local area network (LAN) and peripheral technologies to support FEMA's efforts.  • Personally recognized by the State of Texas emergency management for assistance in disaster relief efforts.    Senior Database Systems Programmer  Developed a database system to track the progression of federal employees through various skills enhancement programs. Working directly with the client personnel from the Treasury Department, the project required re-structuring existing database and reporting mechanisms, and developing new and accurate statistical analyses for use within Treasury Department. Software Engineer Intel Corporation - Hillsboro, OR 1990 to 1994 1992 to 1994)  Developed software control and revision control environments that were used exclusively in the development of video compression software and operating system development for super computers. Technical Marketing Engineer Hillsboro, OR 1990 to 1991 Responsible for troubleshooting specific issues for external customers and key corporate accounts concerning Intel '386 and '486 based systems. Education B.S in Computer Systems Engineering in IPS Project Management Training Certified Howard University - Washington, DC Skills Project manager, Project plans, Cisco, Network architecture, Vmware, Software development, Fisma, Networking, Sox, Oracle, Real-time, Data warehousing, Business intelligence, Operations, Risk management, Customer service, Systems support, Architecture, Fema, Budgets Additional Information SKILLS SUMMARY  Information Technology Director, Senior Manager and Project Manager  • Worked with Corporate Attorneys, Risk Management and other Senior Managers and developed information protection and management policies to safeguard electronic information and systems that are managed by current and future Officers of the organization.  • Working with representatives from different Federal agencies, developed data-driven reporting systems, inventory management solutions and network architecture solutions for agencies including the FEMA, Treasury Department, Department of Education, and the Department of Commerce.  • Developed and managed project plans, budgets and schedules for several technology projects for local and international production systems, including backup and data retention systems, Voice over IP call center systems, and secure data warehousing environments.  • Architected and managed cross-platform software development environments based on heterogeneous technologies including Cisco, Microsoft and Intel.  • Over 10 years' experience managing infrastructures leveraging Cisco networking products.  • Established operational efficiencies with improved network traffic control via Cisco and Foundry systems for a major Federal project, improving systems availability and uptime for users across the nation.  • Developed a real-time warehouse inventory management system for a Federal agency that was critical to providing emergency services in all 50 states. Provided training and management for systems support engineers and customer service staff, and received personal recognition for performance during a natural disaster.    Operations  • Strong design and implementation experience with large applications and systems deployments across multiple geographies.  • Responsible for systems support teams and data centers leveraging multi-vendor solutions including Microsoft, Cisco, Oracle and VMware.  • Designed and implemented highly-scalable business intelligence system for Federal clients.  • 20+ years of supporting and managing large and or highly available infrastructures.  • Very experienced with FISMA, SAS70, SOX and other financial and IT compliance standards.