Operations Manager Operations <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Infrastructure Mroject manager Chicago, IL Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Operations Manager BodyTech Cosmetics, Inc May 2018 to June 2019 Manufacturing custom skin-care cosmetics and teaching soap making processes. Managed day-to-day operations including client relations, manufacturing, and IT operations. 3rd party Contract State of WI August 2017 to May 2018 Senior Project Manager  Contracted to the State of WI to manage the changeover and deployment of the telecom system for all State agencies to Skype for Business to a remote hosted Skype for Business platform. Managed all facets of the design, build, deployment, training and support processes. Senior Project Manager Veolia Energy August 2016 to October 2016 Worked with a client on multiple short term projects including plant closings, site moves, email domain changes and migrations, database management and design, and many others. Worked with the ServiceNow and ServicePlus platforms in an ITSM environment. Senior Project Manager Northwestern Mutual Insurance March 2015 to April 2016 Worked with Northwestern Mutual Insurance Company regarding migration and deployment of Skype for Business Unified Communication system that replaced the pre-existing Avaya PBX. Worked with the ServiceNow platform in an ITSM environment.  • Developed process and managed deployment of VoIP system to over 7,000 employees and contractors, including offshore GDP's.  • Lead the design, development, testing and deployment of a phone provisioning system  • Lead the development of training, Service Management and post-deployment support processes  • Gathered requirements from multiple teams to create unique deployment processes for over 500 different scenarios and needs  • Led initial effort to upgrade the Operating systems for almost 1,000 laptops and PC's Infrastructure Project Manager Kantar ITP/Milward Brown July 2014 to March 2015 Fulfilled role of contracted Infrastructure Project Manager to Kantar IT Partnership, a WPP company, responsible for supporting over 135,000 employees within 41 companies globally. Managed tracks leading to a global upgrade of Microsoft Office on over 130,000 PC's and laptops from Office 2013 to Office 365. Completed small, medium, large and global sized cloud-based projects, with up to 14 projects running concurrently for high-visibility clients including database management, global data collection system development, data center design and decommissioning, server design and management and more. Managed acquisition and separation of 2 business entities. Technology Manager MJ CARTRIDGE, INC - Libertyville, IL December 2010 to March 2013 Played key role in manufacturing and technology management of franchise operator. Developed processes and procedures to optimize customer satisfaction and experiences while performing sales, repair, manufacturing and small project management functions. Negotiated with vendors, ordered inventory, and managed installations, upgrades, PC moves and migrations. IT Consultant / Project Manager ALL PRO NETWORKS, Mundelein - Chicago, IL 1999 to 2010 Managed all aspects of various IT projects with responsibility throughout the entire lifecycle, including server integrations, data center design and network management. Worked closely with clients and contractors to develop processes and procedures for daily IT business functions.  • Directed implementation of new Windows 2008 server with Microsoft Exchange server for a construction company.  • Led implementation of new Windows 2008 server with Microsoft Exchange, SharePoint, and shared Office for a large commercial bakery.  • Designed and installed all network cabling, computer systems and VoIP capabilities for local political candidate offices.  • Oversaw website design, including e-commerce for a local fire safety company. IT Director/ President - IT Division IMAGE WORLDWIDE, INC - Chicago, IL 2008 to 2009 Acquired and re-sold All Pro Networks)  Spearheaded IT infrastructure for two public companies through mergers and acquisitions, with responsibility for engineering IT infrastructure into new office to include networking, data warehousing, IP telephony and local PBX integrations. Worked with vendors to create and implement an in-house call center utilizing VoIP. Managed auditing all IT hardware, software and virtual resources for all companies and locations involved in pre- and post-merger, separations and acquisitions.  • Moved business including computers, telephones, two servers and all hardware from previous location to newer, larger facility. Installed all network cabling, routers, and security protocols.  • Managed data center including eight servers and 102 websites in three locations. Subsequently moved servers into a single in-house facility to consolidate resources and budgets. Designed and implemented site security hardware, databases, software and employee protocols.  • Worked with contract designers to create e-mail marketing campaigns for company clients. Developed email tracking software system for volume of emails sent, read, opened and actioned. Created website landing pages for click-through use and recipient action. Education Project Management Certification COLLEGE OF LAKE COUNTY - Grayslake, IL 2010 to 2013 Skills IT PROJECT MANAGEMENT, PROJECT PLANNING, DATA CENTER, NETWORKING, CHANGE MANAGEMENT, TELECOMMUNICATIONS, CLIENT RELATIONS, Business Operations (10+ years), PM, Waterfall, SDLC, business mergers and Acquisitions (5 years)