Senior Program Manager Senior Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> Senior Program Manager Long Grove, IL Phil is an accomplished business professional with a distinguished career in the IT Services industry. He has excelled as a Big 4 Management Consultant, Fortune 500 IT Director, Small Business Founder/Owner, Consulting Services Practice Director, and a Senior Program & Project Manager during his career. He is a leader with deep and diverse experience in client-facing IT Services Delivery. His expertise includes leading Software Package & Software Development Implementations using Agile, Waterfall, hybrid, and custom framework methodologies. His project breadth includes the Full Lifecycle in Application Development. Mr. Favia prides himself on building well-formed teams through a combination of mentoring and coaching and has a strong track record in delivering enterprise solutions through his program leadership. He has managed multiple programs that have regularly interfaced with stakeholders at the highest levels of large organizations. Work Experience Senior Program Manager Walgreens - Deerfield, IL February 2018 to Present Engaged by Walgreens PMO  • Leading a blended team of 40 consultants and Walgreens resources through the upgrade & implementation of the JDA Dynamic Allocation and Inventory Optimization packages.    • Led a blended team of 25 consultants, architects, developers, analysts and business users through the full cycle implementation of 5 Executive Scorecards for the Supply Chain Management group. Independent Consultant 2017 to Present Project Manager T-Mobile - Seattle, WA June 2017 to December 2017 Engaged by VP Professional Services, Aptitude Software  • Led a blended team of 40 developers, testers, BAs (Aptitude, Deloitte, internal T-Mobile, offshore) through the implementation of the Aptitude Revenue Recognition Software Package.  • Custom development, testing, code deployment, defect management, performance tuning, production support  • Backlog Planning, Estimating, Prioritization, Business Alignment, Resource Capacity Planning, Resource Assignment & Management Project Manager Assured Guaranty April 2017 to December 2017 Engaged by VP, Professional Services, Aptitude Software  • Led a blended team of 10 developers (Aptitude, internal Assured) through the implementation of the Aptitude Accounting Hub Software Package.  • Custom development, testing, code deployment  • Estimating, Prioritization, Business Alignment, Resource Capacity Planning, Resource Assignment & Management, C-Level Project Status Meetings Project Manager Blue Cross/Shield - Chicago, IL January 2017 to June 2017 Engaged by VP, Professional Services, Aptitude Software  • Led a blended team of 20 developers, testers, BAs (Aptitude, Deloitte, internal BCBS) through the implementation of the Aptitude Accounting Hub Software  • Led development of scripts used to map and migrated data from legacy Applications into the Aptitude Data Tables Principal Consultant Trexin Consulting 2015 to 2017 Project Manager Healthplan Services - Tampa, FL June 2016 to December 2016 Engaged by VP, Professional Services  • Led a Healthplan Services team through the delivery of Product Enhancements to the company's Cloud-based Online Exchange System Software product.  • Introduced Agile Methodologies where applicable as part of an initiative to blend these techniques into the existing waterfall Program Management style. Project Manager Blue Cross/Shield - Chicago, IL October 2015 to May 2016 Engaged by Director, IT  • Created and Led a Project Scheduling and Reporting transformation effort for the implementation of the State of Montana's HELP Medicare program expansion.  • Built Initial Plan and led the effort to transform the plan to an Agile structured project approach Practice Director Avalon Consulting 2012 to 2015 • Full P&L responsibility for Chicago I.T. Consulting Services Practice. Ownership of all business objectives including New Business Acquisition, Consultant Hiring & Management, Project & Solution Delivery and Client Engagement Satisfaction.    • Client Engagements: Motorola, Abbott, University of Michigan, ANSYS, The Stelter Group, Securian, Johnson Health Tech    • Solution Areas: Big Data, Analytics, Enterprise Search, Data & Content Management, Web Presence, Agile Project Management    • Technologies: Hadoop, SOLR, NoSQL, ECM, DAM, AWS Cloud, Java    • Vendors: Hortonworks, Cloudera, Elastic, Lucidworks, Marklogic, Couchbase, MongoDB, PeopleSoft, OpenText, Ingeniux, Censhare Senior Project Manager I.T. Focus, Inc 2002 to 2012 Typical Size of Teams led: 20 - 40 (Developers, Testers, BAs, etc.)  Typical Duration of Projects: 6 - 12 months  Typical Budget Sizes: $1 - $5 Million    Clients Serviced  Hub International  • Project Manager for IT Integration of merged & acquired companies ranging in size from $1M-$10M books of business. Led all phases of hardware, software and data integration    Abbott  • Project Manager for customization and implementation of purchased B2B Order Management System as part of overall Order-to-Cash eCommerce strategy relating to SAP harmonization.  • Led Current System and Process Assessment for Nutrition Supply Chain Finance. Reported findings of Current System/Process Pain Points  • Developed strategy for creating Business Intelligence platform via consolidated Data Warehouse approach replacing disparate data stores    Transunion  • Led the migration of Customer Connectivity from the Charlotte Data Center of Transunion acquisition MedData into the new Transunion Chicago DC.  • Worked directly with 35 Transunion clients that included many state Medicaids, Federal Medicare, the Federal Veterans Administration and many private clients.    Dell  • Led Integration effort for Dell acquisition of License Technology Group (LTG)  • Analyzed the existing pieces of the business and determined that many parts of this business were not in Dell's core competency, were losing money and consuming resources ineffectively.  • Immediately moved toward closing down the ineffective areas and redistributing these resources to other units within the IT group resulting in a $2.4M cost savings.    Motorola  • Performed an Org Assessment of the IT group supporting the RAZR.  • Provided a proposed Organizational Structure.  • Created Position Descriptions for the new suggested resources  • Assisted in formalizing the recruitment process.  • Engaged in Talent Sourcing that was subsequently contracted.    Rotary International  • Project Management Office (PMO) Creation - Persuaded Upper Management to create a PMO  ? Gathered, Organized and Prioritized initial Project Portfolio  ? Linked Corporate Budgets back to Project Portfolio  ? Validated Project Portfolio versus Strategic Initiatives  ? Evaluated Staffing Levels and Organization Chart versus Prioritized Project Portfolio  ? Guided Project Managers through the process of Project Scheduling and Resource Requirement Estimations and Assignments  ? Standardized Processes for Establishing and Running Projects  ? Monitored Project Portfolio via Steering Committee and suggested adjustments to overall Strategic Plan on an ongoing basis    • Budget Director for developing client Capital & Expense Operating Budgets for entire IT organization for Assistant CIO. Worked with Department Heads in Enterprise Projects, Development, Software Admin, Staffing, Telecom, Training, System Admin, Hardware, Data Center and Networking to create initial budgets and to monitor and adjust budget/actuals on a continuous basis. Director, IT, Midwest Region Georgia-Pacific 1990 to 2002 • Overall responsibility for IT systems and applications for the distribution division of a Fortune 500 Manufacturer:    * 21 regional sites in 10 state area  * $1.2 billion in annual revenues supported  * Strategic Planning & Execution  * Full Capital and Expense Budgeting/Accountability    • Overall Delivery responsibility for ERP system. Led implementations, migrations, and new development backlog prioritization with the business. This included the centralized call center of 100 reps and their 5 associated distribution centers. ERP modules included:    * Order Management, AR, Cash  * Supply Chain - Purchasing, Inventory Management, AP  * Warehousing, Distribution, EDI, Barcoding  * GL, Financial Reporting, Data Warehousing    • Specialized in leading IT Systems Merger and Integration projects for acquired companies  * Migrated multiple acquired companies onto GP platform ranging in size from $5 - $25M in division sales  * Performed System & Data Assessments  * Created Data Integration Strategy  * Led design of Migration / Mapping strategy for Data Integration for both Operational Data conversion and Historical Data imports to GP Data Warehouse Senior Consultant Price Waterhouse Coopers 1987 to 1990 Serviced clients in all phases of full life cycle software implementations:    • Planning, Analysis, Design, Development, Testing, Implementation Education Bachelors of Science in Computer Science & Mathematics University of Illinois - Champaign, IL Skills Project planning, Requirements analysis, Sdlc, Budgeting, Logistics, Telecom, Retail, Healthcare, Program Management, Project Management Additional Information Skills  Project Planning & Initiation  Budgeting & Variance Tracking  Resource Planning & Management  Capacity & Utilization Planning  Team Leadership & Development  Full Lifecycle Software Dev (SDLC)  Agile Framework  Requirements Analysis  Solution Definition  Business & IT Alignment    Industries  Healthcare Insurance  Logistics e-Commerce  Retail Pharmaceuticals  Financial Manufacturing  Telecom Not-for-Profit