Infrastructure Project Manager Infrastructure <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Global Senior Infrastructure Project Manager Farmington Hills, MI Healthcare IT Director  Healthcare IT clinical Software Project Manger - EMR  Masters in Healthcare Management Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Infrastructure Project Manager Infomatics: Lear Automotive - Southfield, MI October 2018 to Present Manufacturing Client with a global footprint: Plan, design and manage teams and initiatives in accordance with firm's regulations and security standards. Provide management service through all phases of Agile and Waterfall infrastructure projects, while aligning with infrastructure models.    Responsibility Profile: • Aggressive and priority delivery of the full-life cycle, inception to delivery of infrastructure projects for this top-level manufacturing firm that is engaged in serving its customers globally. Partnered with multiple teams to deliver value.  ? Facets fo Release Planning, Change Control & Cutover - Coordinate change window, change approval, outage cadence, end to end traceability and validation of "to PROD" changes in an Agile, infrastructure space.  • Participated where welcome in driving IT roadmap discussion, across the organization related to service delivery expectations and PMI like processes. Project Manager Collabera - Dearborn, MI April 2018 to October 2018 Collabera (Commercial Insurance Client): Plan, design and manage high visibility projects and financials under insurance regulation and security (PCI) standards. Provide leadership through all phases of Agile and Waterfall infrastructure projects, while aligning with infrastructure models and teams.    Responsibility Profile: • Managed high priority issues during the interview and later resolved and delivered related projects that were lingering.  • Aggressive and priority, delivery of the full-life cycle, inception to delivery of Exchange 16 Hybrid Migration across the enterprise, encompassing projects involving domain federation with non-company firms, multiple, remote teams, vendor management and corporate decision structures (Azure, Skype for Business, etc.). Thoroughly worked to understand hardware, software, architecture requirements.  ? Release Planning, Change Control & Cutover - Coordinate change window, change approval, outage cadence, end to end traceability and validation of "to PROD" changes in an Agile environment.  • Delivered Free/Busy Federation accelerated project, IronPort to Proofpoint Cloud security monitoring tool project and Fraud Prevention initiatives, including SharePoint forms, UAT, process mapping, collaboration and decisions across teams and budget management.  • Drive IT roadmaps discussion, Human Resources, across the IT organization and computer network projects and volunteered to be first to align with new expectations.  • Delivered Citrix Unified Gateway and other Active Directory based solution to 10K+ remote users and sales entrepreneurs.  "Regina has been amazing." - Rambach, Top Agency Owner "You have the perfect knowledge and temperament to get results." - Duncan, Program Manager Technical Lead Strategic Staffing - Detroit, MI May 2017 to April 2018 Strategic Staffing (Energy Client): Plan and manage high visibility projects and financials. Lead through all phases of Agile and Waterfall projects.    Responsibility Profile: • SAP CRM and Security Role module projects involving multiple teams and corporate decision structures. Power BI/Power Apps/BIG Data Agile project, demand management and value stream construction.  • Participate in IT roadmaps discussion, across the IT organization and computer network projects. Security IAM March 2017 to May 2017 relocated from Grand Rapids to Detroit.  ? Release Planning, Change Control & Cutover - Manage full life-cycle of validation and FUT of deliverables within an infrastructure role. IT Project Manager Robert Half - Grand Rapids, MI July 2016 to March 2017 Plan and manage multiple simultaneous high-profile, high-budget projects for a Fortune 400 retailer with over 150 locations and accountable for E-Commerce strategy. 1) Initiative, 2) Planning, 3) Executing, 4) Monitor/Control, 5) Close. Full engagement scheduled for 6 months with possible hire but did not materialize after 9 months. Tools: MS Project, MS Products, People Soft Financials, BI Tools, Marketing Analytic tools, Lotus Notes, Cisco Web Meeting Tool. Projects: Salesforce, Ecommerce, BI and cyber security.    Responsibility Profile: • Projects: Mobile / E-Commerce Offering, (Unata), Standards, and E-Commerce Vendor Management - $8MIL, provide direction on E-Commerce strategy, managed project and vendors, along with Merchant Acquisition: Visa/ MC, et cetera, Credit Card Processing via Web Portal. Managed security, testing and clearing house for international banks.  "without you [Regina], this project would have failed again." -Unata Product Manager ? Scrum/Agile projects: $2MIL Consolidate promotions, $100K EDI/Supply Chain Sales, $200K Consumer Repository and $400K Network Merger/Consolidation Initiatives, $500K BI Data, Salesforce financials configuration.  ? Release Planning, Cutover and Deliverables Review in a retail grocery, customer facing environment, utilizing staggered release and feedback loops. E-Commerce Project Manager/ Project Strategist (Mobile/Web) Medical Innovations LLC November 2014 to March 2017 Online Medical Sales Client  Successfully delivering communication via web, Mobile/ Web, VOC (Voice of the Customer), B2B Offerings, Data Management and strategy for many brands within a medical products distribution firm. High-level strategist for medical services organization providing comprehensive virtualization strategy to rapidly capture ROI. 1) Gain consensus on way forward, 2) Cutover to new offering, 3) Assess outcomes and plan / manage change. Tools: Data Repository Tools, MS Projects, MS Products, Sales Funnels, Email generation tools, and Web Data logging tools.    Responsibility Profile: • Paygo Brand - Merchant Acquisition: Visa/ MC, et cetera, Credit Card Processing Web Portal/E-Commerce and Validation, testing and clearing house with banks.  • Profectus Brand - e-Commerce offering and credit card setup via mobile app.  "I bounce ideas off Regina, she's honest about the risks, vigilant about the opportunities and shares ideas for her projects and all else." - Summerville, Owner ? Garnered acceptance of ecommerce deliverables to be deployed into production via release coordination and cutover planning validation and delivery. Senior IT Project Manager November 2014 to March 2017 Project Manager for a $10.5B global retail sales firm with quarterly security patch, deployment/release component utilizing JIRA and SDLC /agile application development strategies. Drove annual and long-term strategic planning for corporate supply chain and software change, demand management, directing 30+ local and virtual resources in the successful delivery of international projects in Africa, Australia, China, Malaysia, and Europe. Tools: SharePoint, OWB, MS Project, Clarity, MS Products, Remedy, HP PPM, HPM, Oracle Administrator, SAP. Managed daily scrum/standups, executive status, risks/issues, encourage team communication and sub-team alignment.    Responsibility Profile: • Scrum/Agile Projects: Oracle CRM security patch updates, quarterly, $100K quarterly Windows Oracle Upgrades, $700K Data Center Move, $100-$300K Quarterly SDLC Releases, $500K Data Partitioning project.  • Merchant Acquisition: Visa/ MC, et cetera, Credit Card Processing Web Portal/E-Commerce and Validation, testing and clearing house for international banks.  • Oracle EBS international, affiliate projects which deployed Oracle EBS development items for Malaysia, South Africa and New Zeeland. Project initiative to partition data tables, data partitions to be categorized based on data retrieval requirements and archive standards. Quarterly Oracle EBS deployments, fueled by the value stream demand management process, which I also managed.  "I recommend Regina for any endeavor she pursues." - Sullivan, Environment Manager ? Release Planning, Cutover and Deliverables Review of Oracle CRM/EBS items, in a customer facing, Supply Chain environment, utilizing MS Project, HP PPM and Catalyst. IT Project Manager Otterbase, Retail Foods and Online Sales Client June 2014 to November 2014 Provided portfolio management for $88B firm by teaming with business and department leaders to define and implement end-to-end solutions, spearheading and delivering learning sessions to managers, and evaluating and redefining corporate metrics. Tools: SharePoint, MS Project.    Responsibility Profile: • Utilized agile strategies to form teams and focus on prioritized deliverables via project sprints.  • Waterfall Projects: $400K Production Planner, $1MIL SDLC Traceability, security and data mining project.  • Retail project with E-Commerce and merchant acquisition, including security, clearing house and credit card to bank processing for all leading industry card types.  "I met Regina when she noticed insights that helped my project from a project plan posted on the wall and I have been intrigued ever since." - McGary, Office of the CIO Director, Information Technology (Chairperson) ITT Technical Institute - Wyoming, MI February 2009 to July 2014 Fully accountable for the effective instruction of IT learning programs. Supervised, trained and promoted professional development for all departmental staff, and managed departmental curriculum to ensure successful delivery. Commended for meeting leading the office in statistical achievements; 70% or higher employment rate for the School.  Tools: SharePoint, MS Project, Oracle, SAP, Remedy, and CRM.  Executive team member involved in determining academic goals and objectives to provide student support and align with the organization's Institutional Effectiveness Plan    Responsibility Profile: • Executive Leadership: Set direction, provide coaching and mentoring, perform assessments, and assist faculty in delivering top-quality education.  • Technology Campus Advisor and SME to 1000+ students. Instructed 40+ courses in Security, Networking, and Programming.  "Regina is the best manager I have ever had. She's seeks to understand, collaborate and build others" - Abanilla, Technical Professor and Network Engineer Director Information Technology PHS/Corizon Health - Brentwood, TN November 2007 to February 2009 Headed IT Infrastructure and all IT- related projects for the Michigan Regional office. Held full leadership responsibility for Enterprise Operations and Delivery Managed services, B2B products and aspects of IT infrastructure. Commended for going beyond the role and providing critical, live, executive training sessions across Michigan, garnering product use and contract success. Tools: MS Project, MS Products, MTrax, Clarity, Nextgen and Catalyst EMR.    Responsibility Profile: • Projects: Strategy Planning: Developed strategic initiatives to support patient utilization tracking in conjunction with C-level management to optimize contracts evaluated at over $12 million. Catalyst EMR/CRM modules.  Company moved my family back to Michigan to head the Michigan branch. The firm was purchased by another organization and the contracts were not extended due to budget. IT Project Manager Capitol Bancorp, Ltd - Lansing, MI August 2007 to November 2007 Affiliation of small community banks focused on meeting banking needs of entrepreneurs, professionals, and other individuals seeking customized service.    Responsibility Profile: • Led team to transition banking account system from manual ledger and in-house legacy system to Crossborders and Corp Tax integrated products. Signed 6mo. Contract.  Offered opportunity in TN. IT Project Manager TEKsystems, Inc - Lansing, MI February 2007 to August 2007 Global leader providing wide range of IT consulting, staffing, and services to achieve comprehensive business solutions.    Responsibility Profile: • Signed 6mo. Contract. Created project management plans and implementation strategies as part of Project Management Operations team. Served on strategic planning team to analyze and standardize requirements.  • Realized continuous product improvement between business teams through initiation of software development life-cycle (SDLC) processes.  • Facilitated 30+ sessions with over 250 individuals to identify and resolve issues with diverse business lines. Pinpointed and mitigated 60+ GAPS (current state and possible opportunities); identified over 100 opportunities and developed 32 recommendations. IT Project Manager IQ Consulting, Inc - Caledonia, MI September 2005 to February 2007 West Michigan leader in technology and communication services.  Received an award for the management of a $3M overhaul of OS platforms for Foremost Insurance. Negotiated identification of measurable deliverables to serve client needs related to network infrastructure. Coordinated with management, staff, and client to ensure timely and effective project execution. Tools: MS Project, Service Now, Tivoli and Remedy.    Responsibility Profile: • Garnered effective project feedback utilizing Technical Quality Measures for standardized evaluation and process improvement.  • Provided direction and oversight to cohesive cross-functional teams of up to 20 professionals, including project coordinators and managers, analysts, and developers.  • Developed best practices related to project management; streamlined documentation.  Relocated for child's school opportunities. Service and Support Coordinator CPR, Inc - Grand Rapids, MI May 2004 to July 2005 Consulting and IT services firm providing customized business technology solutions.  • Provided direct-line customer support, diagnosing and repairing Windows-based servers, desktops, printers, and networks. Supplied distance support to resolve issues utilizing Ingram Micro Service Network tool. Achieved high vendor rating award of 4.5 out of possible 5.0 through effective problem resolution and quality customer service.  • Oversaw maintenance of enterprise-wide SQL databases and the requisite IT infrastructure encompassing servers, security, mail, and external communications. Worked closely with C-suite executives to define technology strategic roadmaps in agile setting and ensure alignment with business growth direction; established $2 million (per year) IT O&M budget.  • Negotiated to orchestrate development work and create architectural framework. Worked closely with CEO to build IT department and catalyze its growth by 90%. Network Admin II Old Kent Bank/ Fifth Third Bank - Grand Rapids, MI October 2000 to February 2004 Global banking institution providing financial products and services to commercial and individual clients.  • Exchange, Remedy, Convergys, Asset Tracking Databases, and infrastructure projects. Communicated status of technical project requests and implementation as needed.  • Successfully drove 10-month roll out project providing equipment and software upgrades to 75 banking branches via travel, throughout Michigan. Network Admin Eaton Steel - Royal Oak, MI November 1998 to September 2000 Cold drawn and hot rolled steel company.  • Managed mixed environment infrastructure and server support for Michigan locations. As the only Network admin for the area assigned to me, I was responsible for managing my calendar and timelines.  • Administered desktop hardware and software platforms. Fielded service requests at secondary level utilizing HEAT, UNIX, Novell, Microsoft Exchange, Remedy, Convergys, Asset Tracking Databases, and infrastructure projects.  • Communicated status of technical project requests and implementation as needed.  Relocated from Detroit to Grand Rapids for job opportunity. Education PMP Davenport University 2010 MBA in Technology Basics Cornerstone University 2006 Skills CRM (9 years), MICROSOFT PROJECT (10+ years), MS Project (10+ years), Remedy (10+ years), security (10+ years), PMP, Data Warehouse, Migration, Cisco, Data Center, Payroll, Operations, Training, inventory, Scheduling, Itil, Vmware Links http://www.linkedIn.com/in/ironginaking Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) Six Sigma Black Belt