Sr. IT Program Manager PMO ( Project Management Office) Sr. <span class="hl">IT</span> Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> PMO (<span class="hl">Project</span> Management Office) Sr. Program/ Project Manager, Sr. Consultant, Director Project Management Minneapolis, MN Accomplished results driven corporate professional with a successful top-down approach to project management life cycle knowledge, coordinating work streams, PMO centered procedural practices, and a focus on risk management, has resulted in the delivery of 30+ projects/programs and has added to more than 15+ years of my professional work experience. An understanding of the in depth knowledge of Business Line process developments, improvements, governance, combined with extensive sustainable process solutions experience that adheres to stakeholders awareness guidelines. IT hardware/software procurement, onboarding and off boarding of resources, status reporting, database/security implementation, Progressive thinking around cross functional enterprise governance, change management, organizational problem solving skills with the proven ability to influence and motivate team members has accounted for my success in a multitude of complex environments. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr. IT Program Manager PMO ( Project Management Office) U. S. Bank - Richfield, MN November 2015 to Present • Working remotely/telecommuting as the Sr. IT Program Manager at U.S. Bank working on the Elan Mobile Portfolio (ATM Locator, Mobile API's, Mobile App, Remote Deposit Capture and Fraud) Program, Elan ATM Security Remediation Program (Diebold, WEB UI, and Opteva/Next Gen), and the Gasper Replacement Program (Gasper, Dynamics AX, and Transaction Monitoring) responsible for managing the delivery of applications, internal enhancements, and hardware upgrades for Bank of Oklahoma (BOKF) and 25 other Financial Institutions (FI's). Overseeing all critical path milestones, signoff's of all deliverable documents, executive status reporting, sourcing, procurement of all contracted resources, developing all master integrated project plan databases, monitoring all critical portfolio implementation impact items, while adhering to a forecasted budgets ranging from $5-$33 million dollars.  • Developed a SharePoint site in order to track documents, archives, manage the resolution of all issues, risks, and action item logs affecting all respected individual key milestones project and programs that are being delivered within Agile and Waterfall centric environments.  • Established a process solution change in the designing a repository that stores extracted financial capital and expense reports from Clarity which merges project costs with operational cost that transfers to the dashboard level, which is presented weekly to the U. S. Bank Steering Committee and the Executive Steering Committee (CIO, CTO, and President of Business Intelligence).  • Worked directly with the Sr. VP Business Line Manager to develop sustainable PMO processes, governance models and risk management procedures to ensure that the Business Line project/program managers executed the enterprise expectations thoroughly.  • Was named Business Line liaison to monitor and audit all business project activities, documents, product requirements, risk assessments and Business readiness plans in order to promote consistent behavioral practices throughout the department.  • Presented all PCI portfolio hardware, security and segmentation engagement builds to the U. S. Bank Security Compliance Committee for approval.  • Monitored and supervised the initiation, planning, construction, and execution of all U.S. Bank Development, Information Technology, User Acceptance environments for BOKF and 25 FI's; in which all Performance, Case, End to End, Device Re-Fresh, and Security testing are conducted.  • Observed all engagement milestone activities between the Elan Mobile, Equipment Refresh, and U. S. Bank Business Line as a method to driving streamlined, effective, and high quality application handoff to valued customers of U. S. Bank and Elan Financial Services. Sr. IT Program Manager PAMO ( Project & Architecture Management Office) Cisco System Inc. & Mayo Clinic - Rochester, MN May 2015 to November 2015 Contracting as a Sr. IT Program Manager for Cisco Systems working for Mayo Clinic's Network Renewal (Servers, Routers, Switches, Device Re-Fresh, Call Center, & Data Center) Program, responsible for driving the delivery of 11,000 medical devices spanning all National Mayo clinic locations. Managed all critical path milestone, signoff's of all deliverables, Milestone reporting, sourcing, and procurement of all contracted resources, developed a master integrated project plan database, monitoring all critical program path items, while adhering to a forecasted budget of $5 million dollars.  • Worked with the Business Line and Doctors Board to improve PR communication releases, process procedure developments, product requirements and governance models to reflect the new PAMO enterprise standards implemented throughout Mayo Clinic.  • Enhanced the SharePoint site for tracking, documenting, and archiving, while managing the resolution of all risk items and escalation issue logs affecting the all respected individual projects working within an Agile/Scrum centric environment.  • Designed a repository that pulls financials from Clarity and merges project costs with operational cost that then populate up to the dashboard level, which was presented weekly to Mayo Executive Leadership, Cisco Advisory Board and Architecture Management Office.  • Presented all hardware, security, and segmentation engagement builds to Mayo's Network Renewal Compliance Committee for approval.  • Monitored and supervised the initiation, planning, execution, and building of the Mayo (Steady State) and Cisco Labs, in which all Performance, Case, End to End, and Device Re-Fresh testing are conducted.  • Monitored all engagement milestone activities between the Equipment Refresh and Operation Readiness Projects as a method to driving streamlined, effective, and high quality handoff to Mayo Clinic. Sr. IT Program Manager PMO ( Project Management Office) Target Corporation - Brooklyn Park, MN April 2014 to April 2015 • Contracted a as Sr. IT Program PMO for the Service Reinvention (E-commerce, Application Development, Call Center, Hardware/Infrastructure, Microsoft Dynamic AX implementation) Program responsible for the On/Off boarding and sourcing, and procurement of all contracted resources in Beeline and Clarity, initiating, extending and closing of S.O.W's tracking the signoff's of all deliverable items, developing a master integrated project plan database., while keeping the project managers on task with critical deadlines while adhering to a forecasted budget of $16 million dollars.  • Managed the designation of all access to resources including badges, laptops, VPN, network support, timesheets via Clarity, and tracking milestones in order to invoice vendors pertaining to specific releases and phases.  • Worked with Executive Leadership on the strategic critical path and reporting requirements gathering, design, construction, testing and implementation of all projects associated with Service Reinvention Program.  • Developed all IT release schedules involving the integration, data migration, hardware, while monitoring all engineering deployments, incident tracking within an Agile/Scrum centric deliverable (sprints) environment which included Performance, End to End, UAT, SIT, SAT, Smoke, Filter and Third Party Sales Force security server environment testing.  • Drove all Service Introduction, Organizational Change Management and Steady State documentation, procedural practice implementation, and handling all risks and incidents associated within all work streams and phases.  • Held weekly status meeting between all 15 project managers covering various subject matter agendas regarding project plans, milestones, deliverable items, resources, financial budget, sprints, releases, phases, and scope.  • Liaison between the Program Manager Office, Director of Target Technology Services, Target Business Partners (VMO), and stakeholders to ensure that the Service Reinvention Program adheres to company standard practices and the Target brand as a whole. Sr. IT Project Manager AM Retail Group - Brooklyn Park, MN March 2014 to April 2014 • Contracted as an Sr. IT Project Manager responsible for analyzing product data, store sales, planogram development, while forecasting sales trends with a focus on maximizing the style/store matrix including: v lookups, pivot tables, and amortization graphs in Excel.  • Tracked all project activities and deliverable in Microsoft Projects using an Integration Project Plan template while adhering to Agile/Scrum centric environment methodologies.  • Provided communication coordination between stores, merchandising, and the distribution center to ensure that product flows freely from the distribution center to all stores in lieu of meeting all stakeholder expectations.  • Adjusted store inventory levels based on weekly status tracking of in stock percentages, financial summaries, and retail sales to maximize sales performance.  • Product coordinating through sample transfer, purchase order setups, pre-packaging planning, and distribution shipping/receiving in the Compass financial tool database. IT Procurement Manager St. Jude Medical - Saint Paul, MN February 2014 to March 2014 • Contracted as a IT Procurement Manager overseeing the implementation and conversion of the new Human Resource Employee Interaction Center (EIC) servicing tool.  • Worked with Subject Matter Experts and Technical Architectures to reconstruct Java Scripting order protocols to increase the productivity of the EIC system under pressurized (high email count) situations.  • Developed a security filtered data matrix that's delegated job functions to specific HR employees as emails streamed from Outlook to the EIC main queue, while conducting performance testing, maintenance, and supervising all data streaming in and out of the system throughout the defect/risk management process.  • Daily onboarding/off boarding and of external contractors through Taleo, while processing all procurements in SAP: HCM, and developing pivot tables on specific data points for progress tracking purposes per departments in Excel.  • Point of contact for all escalations involving the EIC system work orders in regards to external contractors, recruiting, position/assignments changes, employee benefits, and payroll issues Sr. IT Project Manager Just Born Inc - Minneapolis, MN October 2013 to January 2014 • Contracted as a Sr. IT Project Manager responsible for monitoring project plans through its Waterfall life cycle, financial forecasting, on/off boarding of resources, set up and status maintenance of purchase orders, claims, and product items in POL and SAP/Vistex.  • Weekly Reports included: financial summaries, sales and inventory, point of sales, sell through summary, and status report, through Set Sight, WinRep, Info Retriever, and Excel for the National Account Sales Manager, VP of Merchandising, Director of Project Management, and Director of Marketing.  • Liaison to the Director of Customer Operations researching and resolving shipments, orders, and SAP/Vistex S.O.W. agreements regarding Target, Kmart, Rite Aid, and Kohl's.  • Established the projects' SharePoint site as a means of data entry and tracking of purchase orders, claims, deliverables, and documentation archiving in real time to improve productivity under specific deadline, due to high priority collection claims going through audits. Project Manager Lead Target Corporation - Minneapolis, MN August 2013 to October 2013 • Contracted as a Project Manager Lead for the non-retail procurement and onboarding of high quality, right priced contractors and consultants while reducing risk, and protecting the target brand.  • Primary job role consist of amending various issues within back logged invoices in the Beeline database system, time tracking quantitative analysis of contractors in the SharePoint system, and facilitated resolution processes to rectify over 30 projects, $350 million dollars in payments, and back log errors.  • Developed a quality assurance centralized procedural practices which accounted for the solving of 70% of backlogged invoices, through detecting trends in accounting ID's in purchase orders.  • Communicated with all levels of Management, including Sr. Project Managers, Directors, Vice Presidents, and Stakeholders to implement necessary changes in Clarity to prevent future back log timesheet issues.  • Maintained a database entry system of more than 9,000 line items in Excel and SharePoint, in order to enter data and track progress through the various graphs, status reports, and real time financial reports displayed for the viewing of senior level constituents. Project Manager PMO and Brand Strategist Bea's Love Baby Service - Minneapolis-Saint Paul, MN September 2003 to June 2013 • As the Project Manager PMO and Brand Strategist my responsibilities included increasing the company's brand image and exposure, while driving all project under the SDLC process, scheduling, testing, communication, and financials ranging from $100k-$3million dollars.  • Project Manager Lead for over 10 different projects focused on IT/Media hardware/software: Agile/Scrum (sprint) environments encompassing releases through implementation, integration, and migrations with Taleo, and PeopleSoft.  • Performed tasks that involved the setup of purchase orders, on/off boarding of resources, monitoring resources statuses, running invoice for all resources through QuickBook, PeopleSoft, and Taleo while adhering to all Human Resource and PMO procedure practice.  • Improved productivity through designing and implementing new contracts negotiations, documentation achieving, and procedures to ensure an effective and efficient flow of data within an Agile/Scrum (sprint) environment and its deliverable methodologies.  • Coordinated all branding campaigns online for numerous interactive social networks, media outlets, and printing publication projects within deadlines and budget, which amounted to a 15% surplus in 2011.  • Developed all project branding strategies: researching clientele demographics, advertising business in high-end baby boutiques, press release parties; which exposed the business to gain national attention and celebrity clientele. Education B.A. in Business Management in English, & American Racial Multicultural Studies St Olaf College - Minneapolis, MN September 2003 to May 2007 High school or equivalent Manual Arts Senior High School - Los Angeles, CA September 1999 to June 2003 Skills PeopleSoft. (5 years), Project Management (10+ years), SharePoint (10+ years), testing (10+ years), Agile (8 years), Change Management (7 years), Microsoft Office (10+ years), Microsoft Project (10+ years), Scrum Master (5 years), Microsoft SharePoint (10+ years), Integration/Migration (8 years), Visio (5 years)