Lead Project Manager Lead <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Lead Project Manager - Epsilon Data Management Salem, NH Solutions-focused, team oriented professional with extensive experience in Project Management including building Client Relationships; successful in delivering high profile projects on time and within budget guidelines. Background includes experience in facilitation of all IT Project Management methodologies from conceptual design through documentation, implementation, user training, quality review, and enhancement. Work Experience Lead Project Manager Epsilon Data Management - Wakefield, MA February 2011 to Present Responsible for the Project Management of all large Digital projects in combination with large Database builds for one of the largest providers of digital solutions; assisting businesses in various lines of business.    • Contribute to, produce and manage client deliverables relative to our multi-channel marketing engagements, serving as a liaison between client staff and internal Epsilon technology delivery teams.  • Migrated a global platform for one of the largest clients, with a total value of $3 Million across three regions, globally managing three separate teams to attain the same goal.  • Focus has been on medium to extra large digital IT projects working closely with multiple global account teams to ensure accurate and timely delivery of deliverables.  • Implemented multiple large clients into the digital platform that created revenue across all channels.  • Collect and maintain project documentation; lead internal and client-facing meetings; able to summarize technical design to a non-technical audience; provide direction to the delivery team; and ensure delivery of best practices for marketing processes and operational efficiency. IT Project Manager First Data Resources - Omaha, NE May 2010 to February 2011 Responsible for the Project Management of financial service projects for the world's largest provider of information commerce; assisting businesses such as merchant and financial institutions process customer transactions.    • Lead Business Analysts, Developers and Stakeholders on small to extra large application development projects using an established Software Development Life Cycle.  • Proven success in driving complex, high priority projects for an on time, on budget, and in scope project delivery.  • Experienced in using strong Project Management methodologies that allow me to adapt to new situations, changes in direction as well as altering priorities.  • Management of the project budget; working with resource managers to allocate the proper resources. IT Project Manager Oriental Trading Company, Inc - Omaha, NE July 2008 to May 2010 Responsible for the Project Management for the nation's largest direct marketer of party supplies, arts and crafts, toys and novelties and a leading direct marketer of home décor products.    • Lead and managed the implementation of a $1.5 Million Marketing Database that included cross functional teams.  • Facilitate meetings with key stakeholders to develop opportunity assessments or business cases and gather data regarding the desired outcomes including deliverables, timelines, budget and roles, to initiate the project and ensure appropriate resource allocation to include time estimates and work schedules.  • Management of the project budget, working with resource managers to allocate resources against an established budget. IT Project Manager Vertrue, Corporation - Omaha, NE April 2007 to July 2008 Responsible for the Project Management, design and implementation of the transactional merchant processing system for this premier Internet direct marketing services company. IT Client Services Program Manager West Interactive Corporation - Omaha, NE October 2004 to April 2007 Responsible for the Project Management, design and implementation of touch tone and speech enabled Interactive Voice Response applications for this leading provider of outsourced customer contact solutions and voice-related services. Operations Manager Chain Store Maintenance - Attleboro, MA July 2002 to November 2003 Oversaw daily activities of Customer Service Call Center, Customer Relations, IT and Off Site Operations Departments for this $6 million provider of 24/7 facilities maintenance/repair management services to various retail stores. Quality Assurance Engineer III One Beacon Insurance Group - Foxborough, MA June 2001 to July 2002 Selected by this leading commercial insurance company to develop and execute client-server and e-business tests using both manual and automated plans. Director of Customer Support Star Solutions, Inc - Wrentham, MA February 1997 to August 2000 Reported directly to the President of this provider of customized software for insurance companies and agents nationwide. Education High school or equivalent Skills CHANGE CONTROL, PMBOK, SQL SERVER, SQL, SDLC, Scheduling, budget, Estimating, Outlook, Maintenance Additional Information SKILL SUMMARY:  Multiple Project Management Methodologies Process Improvement  Team Leadership & Resource Allocation Technical and Business Use Cases  Client Relationship Management Project Kickoff & Management of Implementation Training  Requirements Elicitation & Analysis Management of Quality Assurance & Project Review  Project Change Control Project Management Tools    Tools & Methods  • Management: MS Project, Visio, Excel, Word, Outlook, Power Point, Lotus Notes, Adobe Acrobat Standard, MS SharePoint, Clarity  • Platforms: MS Windows, SQL Server, .NET, Netezza  • Standards: SDLC, PMBOK, Agile