Client Success Manager Client Success <span class="hl">Manager</span> Client Success Manager - BrightTALK Brooklyn, NY Work Experience Client Success Manager BrightTALK - New York, NY April 2018 to Present • Manage a diverse account mix of 70+ clients with ~2.5 mm annual revenue. Projected to achieve over 100% targeted retention goal in 2019.  • Responsible for client onboarding, training, program success and renewals for BrightTALK's B2B marketing platform and studios business.  • Create and present QBRs leveraging business intelligence tools to deliver platform data and strategic recommendations focused on subscriber growth, video marketing strategy, and lead scoring.  • Internal client advocate within product working groups to align updates with external feedback and needs. Business Analyst Viacom Inc February 2016 to July 2017 • Implemented and managed a suite of products including a digital asset management system to improve marketing and operational effectiveness.  • Led data migration efforts from legacy systems to new products. Standardized metadata and form submissions to allow for seamless integration with existing systems.  • Trained and supported a 270+ member marketing department through product adoption and beyond. Viacom Inc - New York, NY October 2014 to July 2017 IT Project Coordinator Viacom Inc August 2015 to February 2016 • Developed reporting methodology to track all resources allocated to application development across entire Viacom engineering portfolio. Reports leveraged by SVP of engineering for overall financial insights and agile optimization.  • Managed Jira boards for struggling product teams to mitigate blockers and streamline development.  • Created and mapped system implementation workflows for Viacom's global content management system.  • Key liaison between vendors and product stakeholders. Created and delivered evaluation reports and surveys. IT Support Technician Viacom Inc October 2014 to August 2015 • Served as lead trainer, mentoring incoming team members to effectively diagnose and resolve user issues.  • Provided effective software & hardware troubleshooting to users in a fast paced environment (105+ calls / day).  • Analyzed team performance analytics to identify and remedy gaps in service and process. Marketing Coordinator - Tobacco Control Vermont Department of Health - Burlington, VT December 2013 to May 2014 contracted position)  • Curated targeted tobacco cessation campaigns through paid social posts, contests, and live events.  • Leveraged web analytics, Nielsen ratings, and calls to our "quit line" to analyze performance and improve engagement.  • Presented communication guidelines and campaign initiatives to community partners for amplified messaging. Production Assistant (contracted position) A & E Networks - New York, NY June 2013 to September 2013 • Co-wrote and edited promotional spots for the History Channel series Mountain Men.  • Responsible for submitting and tracking rough cuts through creative and business review process. Education Bachelor of Arts in Communications in Communications University at Albany, State University of New York Albany - New York, NY May 2013