Executive Assistant Executive Assistant Executive Assistant Rutherfordton, NC Experienced Executive Assistant with experience in a multitude of roles. Skilled in Event Planning, Management, Sales, Communication, ServiceNow and QuickBooks. Strong administrative professional with a Master of Public Administration - MPA focused in Healthcare Administration from Grand Canyon University and a Bachelor of Science - Psychology from Western Carolina University. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Executive Assistant Facebook - Forest City, NC October 2018 to Present Executive Assistant to the West and East Facebook Data Center Managers as well as secondary Executive Assistant to the Director of the Global Data Center Connectivity Director with Facebook. Some expectations of the position include handling minutes, supporting meetings in place of my managers and developing PowerPoint templates. As well as, planning and executing Summit for the East and West, Team Building Events for all Data Centers under the East and West as well as logistics planning for the Vendor Partner Summit which includes all the contracted vendors with Data Centers. IT Project Coordinator Mission Health - Asheville, NC May 2018 to October 2018 Assistant Location Manager Chili's of Aramark - Cullowhee, NC July 2017 to May 2018 Front Office Assistant Harris Regional Hospital - Sylva, NC November 2016 to July 2017 General Manager The Jarrett House - Dillsboro, NC March 2016 to November 2016 Food and Beverage Director Sapphire Mountain Brewing Company - Sapphire, NC April 2016 to August 2016 Special Events Coordinator/Concierge/Front Desk Management Mountain Falls Luxury Motorcoach Resort - Lake Toxaway, NC April 2015 to March 2016 Education Master's in Public Administration Grand Canyon University - Phoenix, AZ December 2016 to June 2018 Bachelor of Science in Psychology Western Carolina University May 2016 Skills Microsoft Office (8 years), Quickbooks (2 years), Athena (Less than 1 year), Kronos (1 year), Ariba (1 year), Prima (1 year), Event Planning, Organizational Skills, Office Management, Outlook, Scheduling, Word, Marketing, Data Entry, Excel, Filing, Receptionist Certifications/Licenses ServSafe March 2018 TIPS Certification July 2017 to Present Groups Phi Mu Fraternity January 2013 to May 2016 Additional Information SKILLS & ABILITIES  Management  • I have served on three different committees each semester since joining my organization, planning, organizing and executing numerous events.  • As children's camp director, I successfully developed and managed the entire operation.  • As a special events coordinator I successfully planned and executed a multitude of events.  • As concierge/front desk management, I increased the average stay, weekly visitors and returning guests to the resort.    Sales  • Having ample experience serving, I am adequate in the upselling procedure.  • Working at the front desk of a luxury resort, I have multitudes of experience in sales of a wide variety.    Communication  • As a director I communicated not only with children, but with parents, upper management and committee heads.  • Being an events coordinator I communicated with the committee board, the Peach Tree Group, all service providers, my superiors and the employees brought on by me.    Leadership  • Director of Children's Camp, Summer of 2014  • Risk Management Chair in Phi Mu Fraternity  • Special Events Coordinator  • Front Desk Management