Environmental Law Graduate Research Assistant Environmental Law Graduate Research Assistant Change Manager Lancaster, PA I develop actionable strategies and practical solutions utilizing project management leadership to support change management and continuous improvement efforts, energy management and sustainability practices, and social and environmental responsibility.     QUALIFICATIONS:     I bring experience leading change management and resolving diverse stakeholder differences with education, mediation and diplomacy – cultivated during tenures with government and nonprofit organizations.     Taking my quest for knowledge a step further, I also hold a Master’s in Divinity – which allows me to persuasively articulate both the why and the how behind Environmental Management, that has brought all sides together to find common ground, and even transformed skeptics into environmental champions.     CONNECT: ? 717-475-2698? GREG.REV.DAVIES@GMAIL.COM    SKILLS:    Change Management | Continuous and Quality Improvement | Sustainability & Energy Management | Sustainability Audits, Tracking & Reporting | Materiality Assessments | Life Cycle Assessments | Budget Management | Stakeholder Management | Advanced GIS | Construction Planning | Environmental Systems Modeling | Policy Analysis | Ecological Restoration & Management | Coastal Systems Chemistry & Geology | Environmental Statistics | Coupled Human-Natural Systems Interaction | Environmental Science | Data Analysis | Energy Efficiency | Power Market Modeling | Energy Law | Environmental Impact Assessment & Sustainable Energy Solution Design | Energy Technology, Policy, Finance & Economics   Applied Data Analysis | GIS & Geospatial Analysis | Environmental Politics | Environmental & Christian Ethics Work Experience Environmental Law Graduate Research Assistant University of Massachusetts - Boston - Boston, MA 2017 to 2018 Performed financial, statistical and geospatial analysis in support of prominent environmental law professor research - exploring legal  ramifications of naturally-occurring circular currents and their effect on New England-based federal management project coastlines.    • Designed environmental courses for theologians, scientists and general audiences of UMass' Osher Lifelong Learning Institute (OLLI), an internationally-acclaimed learning community dedicated to lifelong learning, leadership, community service and research. Training & IT Project Manager Vision Benefits of America 2013 to 2015 Leveraging leadership and project management experience acquired during ecology and FEMA/AmeriCorps tenures, developed software education  change management education initiative that mitigated user anxiety for long-standing employees of this PPO nonprofit organization.    • Led concept-to-execution implementations including setup, training and user-requested modifications, and directed  organization-wide Salesforce CRM, hardware and software upgrades. Oversaw budgets and timelines. Team Leader Vision Benefits of America January 2013 to July 2013 Articulated persuasive cases for practical solutions that cut through red tape and integrated FEMA and AmeriCorps management  initiatives. Led team of 12 tasked with performing site assessments to support core infrastructure restoration in the wake of Hurricane  Sandy. Directed team budget and resource scheduling.    • As Environmental Management & Sustainability advisor sought after for guidance by community environmental champions, emergency  managers, and Joint Agency Field Office decision-makers regarding at-odds Emergency Management and EPA Federal mandates. Ecology & Theology Intern St. Stephen's Episcopal Church 2011 to 2012 Developed and facilitated adult environmental education programs serving as a conversation catalyst - reversing entrenched parishioner  viewpoints from one of environmental skepticism and/or apathy to responsible and proactive.    • Led concept-to-construction land use project resulting in the design and development of church's first prayer trails on undeveloped land.    • Directed trail creation with minimal environmental disruption by conducting site surveys using topographic and aerial imagery and performing an environmental impact assessment addressing stream hydrology, vegetation growth patterns and ground stability. Environmental Management Research Assistant Duke University Nicholas School 2008 to 2009 Gathered data from government and academic research databases, conducted statistical and financial analysis and summarized findings to support faculty analysis of the EU's energy and transportation policy. Education Doctorate in Environmental Science University of Massachusetts - Boston, MA 2015 to Present Dual Masters of Environmental Management in (MEM) & Divinity (M.Div.) Duke University 2008 to 2012 B.A. in Environmental Studies & Theatre Franklin & Marshall College 2003 to 2007 Skills Lean Six Sigma (6 years), Change Management (10+ years), Sustainability (10+ years), Project Management (6 years), ArcGIS (5 years), Microsoft Office (10+ years), Python (1 year), Analytics (5 years) Links http://Linkedin.com/in/gregdavies84 Certifications/Licenses Lean Six Sigma Black Belt July 2018 to Present Microsoft Certified Professional (MCP) June 2007 to Present Additional Information Core Competencies: Energy Science & Policy Sustainability Program Management Stakeholder Communications & Mediation  Circular Economies Life Cycle Assessments Budget Management    TECHNOLOGY SKILLS    ArcGIS MS Excel MS Access MS PowerPoint Open LCA R    PERSONAL PURSUITS    Embracing continuous learning, earned Lean Six Sigma Black Belt & Microsoft Professional Certifications, and performed Shakespeare  with local theater companies while completing Graduate and Ph.D. studies.