HR/Logistics Manager HR/Logistics <span class="hl">Manager</span> Minneapolis, MN Work Experience HR/Logistics Manager Aston Technologies Inc. - Saint Louis Park, MN August 2018 to Present ·       Serve as a link between management and employees by handling questions, interpreting and administering contracts and helping resolve work-related problems.  ·       Analyze and modify compensation and benefits policies to establish competitive programs and ensure compliance with legal requirements.  ·       Advise managers on organizational policy matters such as equal employment opportunity and sexual harassment, and recommend needed changes by created an employee handbook  ·       Conducted cost analysis on logistical reports IT Project Manager Aston Technologies - Saint Louis Park, MN June 2018 to August 2018 Saint Louis Park, MN  • Serve as a link between management and employees by handling questions, interpreting and administering contracts and helping resolve work-related problems.  • Analyze and modify compensation and benefits policies to establish competitive programs and ensure compliance with legal requirements.  • Advise managers on organizational policy matters such as equal employment opportunity and sexual harassment, and recommend needed changes by created an employee handbook  • Conducted cost analysis on logistical reports  IT Project Manager June 2018 - August 2018 EHS Specialist Aston Technologies - Saint Louis Park, MN June 2016 to March 2018 Saint Louis Park, MN  • Created, implanted, and trained employees on 6 security policies  • Stood at the security expect in migrating from windows 7 to windows 10  • Conduct needs assessments to identify document management requirements of departments or end users.  • Prepare and record changes to official documents and confirm changes with legal and compliance management staff, including enterprise-wide records management staff.  • Evaluated security vulnerabilities in the company and communicated them to leadership  EHS Specialist June 2016 - March 2018 Campus Founder of a Mobile Application Amazon Fulfillment Center - Shakopee, MN July 2015 to January 2016 Shakopee, MN  • Implemented a continuous improvement methodology (A3) to analyze injury trends and create actions resulting in a 15% decrease in injuries as well as set the standard in the Mid-west region for expectations surrounding continuous improvement programs.  • Maintained daily, weekly, and monthly metric repots. These reports get send out to senior leadership.  • Partnered with operations team on incident responses and investigations to develop managers in the utilization of root cause analysis as well as to maintain quality of record keeping on OSHA required forms.  • Analyzed accident data, new processes, and machinery for potential safety concerns and conduct job hazard and job safety analyses  • Participated in process improvement projects and managed actions until completion.  Campus Founder of a Mobile Application July 2015 - January 2016  Speakeasy Application Grand Forks, ND  • Lead a team of five campus influences  • Reported to supervisors on a bi-weekly basis on the functionality of the application  • Helped other campuses create a plan to get more people involved with the application since my campus was in the top 15% of user activity.  • Created and executed on campus marketing which brought up the user usage of the application by 30% Education Master's in Information Assurance and Security in Network Defense Capella University - Minneapolis, MN June 2019 Bachelor in Computer Science and Information System University of Grand Forks May 2016 Skills HR, Human Resources, Employee Relations, Benefits Administration, Recruiting, Excel (8 years), Java (1 year), Python (1 year), SQL (1 year), Organizational Leadership (7 years), recruitment, benefits