IT-SUPPORT TECHNICIAN- TIER II <span class="hl">IT</span>-SUPPORT TECHNICIAN- TIER II IT-SUPPORT TECHNICIAN- TIER II - US Marines Corps Reserves Norfolk, VA Work Experience IT-SUPPORT TECHNICIAN- TIER II US Marines Corps Reserves April 2019 to Present • Under supervision, install, configure, service, repair, and maintain information technology systems in both a stand-alone and client server environment, including MS server, Defense Message Systems, and other authorized information technology systems.  • . Install, configure, service, repair, and maintain hardware and software for network services, storage networking devices, and servers.  • . Integrate multiple information systems in a networked environment, evaluate and resolve customer information system problems, effect required hardware upgrades and repair to maintain mission capability.  • Utilized tools such as SCCM, RDP for troubleshooting, installing software and configuring Information Technology System.  • Provide support for network printers.  • Assist End Users with the installation of software. IT Support Tier l/ll Kingfisher Systems US Marines Corps Reserves December 2018 to April 2019 • Under general supervision provide IT services for the USMC Reserves.    • Install, configure, service, repair, and maintain IT systems in both a stand-alone and client-server environment (NIPR, SIPR) including MS server.    • Evaluate and resolve customer information system problems deskside, email or phone.    • Manage Remedy ticketing system.    • Effect required hardware upgrades and repair to maintain mission capability. In addition,    • Remotely install, optimize and troubleshoot workstations Local Area and Base Area Networks    • Ensure the proper installation and configuration of workstation hardware and software for efficient operation on the network; including reimaging. NetOps Specialist Jr, Kingfisher Systems US Marines Corps Reserves September 2018 to November 2018 • Monitor the infrastructure and network, responding appropriately to alerts and events.  • Respond to incidents from triage through resolution, including escalations, where appropriate.  • Provide data center support where appropriate.  • Document daily shift activities in appropriate reporting and ticketing tools and ensure proper pass down of any outstanding issues.  • Provide incident notification to Government representatives. PC Technician Kingfisher Systems May 2018 to September 2018 US Marines corps    • Under general supervision provide IT services in connection with the Next Generation Enterprise Network (NGEN) for the USMC.    • Install, configure, service, repair, and maintain IT systems in both a stand-alone and client-server environment (NIPR, SIPR) including MS server.    • Install configure, service, repair and maintain hardware and software for network services, storage networking devices, and servers.    • Integrate multiple information systems in a networked environment.    • Evaluate and resolve customer information system problems deskside, email or phone. Assist at the Service desk utilizing Remedy ticketing system for documentation.    • Effect required hardware upgrades and repair to maintain mission capability. In addition, manually installed STIG's (Security Technical Implementation Guide) for Windows 10 computers.    • Ensure the proper installation and configuration of workstation hardware and software for efficient operation on the network.    • Install, optimize and troubleshoot Local Area and Base Area Networks Desktop Support Technician Apex Systems CACI December 2017 to March 2018 • Install desktops, portable microcomputers, peripherals, and software products for a networked, unclassified, environment. Configured PC's names, placed on Domain and the correct OU in Active Directory.  • Perform maintenance tasks, enhancements and updates on all PC's (Imaging and Upgrades), Peripherals and Software.  • Utilize trouble-ticketing software for opening/closing tickets in a timely and appropriate manner.  • Install new client PC's and Applications as necessary; configure networks.  • Utilized VMware vSphere and Remote Desktop for troubleshooting and installing applications.  • Coordinate the disassembly and reinstallation of automation equipment in support of office relocations (desktops, microcomputers, phones etc.).  • Detect, diagnose, and resolve desktop, portable microcomputer, peripherals, software and hardware failures. (printers; CAC card readers, CAC cards, emails). Desktop Support Technician Networking Technologies Bon Secours Depaul Medical Center November 2017 to December 2017 • Deployed desktop and Laptop computers  • Implemented/configured BitLocker on Laptops for access  • Installed software and patches utilizing IBM's BigFix  • Replaced and troubleshoot desktop and Laptop computers IT Technician Robert Half September 2017 to October 2017 Canon of Newport News  • Installed updates on Windows workstations; patches and service packs  • Removed, installed and updated Antivirus software (McAfee) on workstation  • Troubleshoot workstation for connectivity  • Inventory and replaced workstation Project Manager/Technician F1 Health Sentara Medical Group March 2017 to June 2017 • Inventory and document computers in the Sentara Network for deployment of software (Imprivata).  • Installed and activated card readers for usage.  • Trained employee on how to use card reader and register badges.  • Assist Distribution Team installing new software.  • Maintain inventory spread sheets of computers and printers; utilizing Microsoft Excel.  • Organize, planned, arranged and managed projects for deployment of software (Logistics).  • Reimaging Thin Clients for Sentara Healthcare Providers. Telecom Technician Judge Group QVC January 2017 to March 2017 • Analyze, repair and replace PC's monitors, printers, phones and headsets  • Respond to service calls, relocate and decommission servers  • Work directly with clients to resolve network (LAN) connectivity issues using Cat 5 and RJ 45 cables.  • Follow QVC Policies and procedure.  • Reimage and prepare PC's for deployment.  • Utilized various applications/software such as SCCM, Alturis, RDP, Service Manager and Active Directory.  • Connect and configure system and networking devices Desktop Support Technician, Apex Systems City of Suffolk March 2016 to January 2017 VA    • Under general supervision, performs specialized and technical work diagnosing and repairing personal computer equipment and software for assigned City department.    • Work involves ensuring computer equipment and software is running properly; repairing,  troubleshooting and installing user software on new computers and the network. Reconnecting networking devices utilizing Cat 5e cable.    • Work is performed in accordance with detailed instructions and established routines; Assists clients in installing client computers in a multi-protocol network environment including TCP/IP, IPX/SPX, APPN, etc.; installed application software on client computer. Also, reimaged client computer and Laptops.  • Troubleshoot printers, scanners, smart label printer, Laptops and network connections. Perform diagnostic test and flashed BIOS on desktop and Laptop computer.  • Configured Naming Conventions (UNC) on desktop, Laptops and placed in OU's on a Domain.  • Enabled User Accounts, troubleshoot emails, recreated client profiles on Windows computer and email server (Outlook 2010) IT Technical Support I Hewlett Packard Enterprises December 2015 to March 2016 • Supported all Navy personnel via phone or remotely  • Supported personnel with hardware and software problems with equipment and various application used by the Navy Seals to complete operations  • Analyzed, logged, tracked, and resolved software/hardware matters of significance pertaining to networking connectivity issues, printer, servers, and applications to meet business needs  • Performed troubleshooting to isolate and diagnose common system problems; documented system events to ensure continuous functioning; recommended courses of action and implemented as approved  • Resolved user's tickets regarding questions about computer security, hardware and software requirements.  • Maintained system documentation, tuning system performance, installing system wide software and advised customers on how to backup files. Interacted with users and evaluate vendor products.  • Troubleshoot and rebuild profiles on local computer or Exchange Servers. Education ASSOCIATE OF OCCUPATIONAL SCIENCE DEGREE COMPUTER NETWORK MANAGEMENT CENTURA COLLEGE February 2012 Skills Active Directory. (Less than 1 year), cabling (Less than 1 year), CAC (Less than 1 year), deployment (Less than 1 year), DHCP (Less than 1 year), DNS (Less than 1 year), Exchange (Less than 1 year), firmware (Less than 1 year), HW/SW (Less than 1 year), LAN/WAN (Less than 1 year), MS Office (Less than 1 year), printers. (1 year), Remedy (Less than 1 year), Spice (Less than 1 year), TCP (Less than 1 year), TCP/IP (Less than 1 year), Team Player (Less than 1 year), Windows 7 (Less than 1 year), Wireless (Less than 1 year), Workstations (Less than 1 year) Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) Additional Information SKILLS    • VMware, RDP, Windows 7, 10 Enterprise & Pro and Server 2008R2 & Server 2012.  • Updates of firmware on switches & Printers  • Patching of Windows Servers and Workstations  • Spice Works, SM9 & Remedy Ticketing system for troubleshooting HW/SW issues  • Active Directory user accounts and setting up exchange e-mail.  • Basic configuration of Switches, Wireless Routers in LAN/WAN/MAN environments; racking switches, cabling and configure servers.  • Imaging of Workstations and Servers via Windows Deployment Services & PXE, RDP resolution  • MS Office Applications, TCP/IP, DNS, DHCP, Software Installation  • Basic Profile and CAC Troubleshooting logon issues  • Multi-Tasking Professional w/ excellent communication and interpersonal skills (Team Player)  assembles new computers and components; installs new software on personal