Project Manager, Consultant <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>, Consultant Project Manager, Consultant Morristown, NJ • Senior Global Program, Project & Solutions Service Manager with 20+ year's expertise directing large scale, international projects including strategic planning, management, and implementation of technology focused projects. Over 15 years' experience working in a complex, global environment  • Over 3 years' International working experience outside the United States  • Over 10 year project management experience within the pharmaceutical industry including all phases of project life cycle with strong communication skills including the preparation of analysis, options, and recommendations to senior key stakeholders  • Determine project scope, goals and deliverables that support business goals in collaboration with senior management and stakeholders  • Direct and manage the project development from beginning to end in various methodology types including, SDLC, Agile and iterative  • Define project success criteria and disseminate them to involved parties throughout project life cycle  • Effectively communicate project expectations to team members and stakeholders. Liaise with key project stakeholders on an ongoing basis  • Develop and deliver progress reports, proposals, presentations, etc. as required  • Identify and manage project dependencies and critical path  • Proactively manage changes in project scope, identify potential crises, and devise contingency plans  • Coach, mentor, motivate and supervise project team members, and influence them to take positive action and accountability for their assigned work  • Extensive experience in ISRM - Risk Management certification studies  • PMP Certified - August 2012  • ITIL Foundations - April 2005 Work Experience Project Manager, Consultant Novartis Pharmaceuticals - East Hanover, NJ March 2018 to March 2018 for Computer Doc Associates  • Responsible for gathering business requirements for the adoption of a new, global tool to manage vulnerabilities and risk identified by tool such as QualysGuard.  • Responsible for the creation of the project plan, communications and training materials for the new tool.  • Responsible for the creation of campaign materials to information application owners regarding initiatives to remediate known, company-wide vulnerabilities.  • Responsible for maintaining the team repository of Lifecycle Documentation.    December 2016 toAugust 2017 Project Manager, Consultant Work Family Connection - Whitehouse Station, NJ August 2017 to August 2017 • Participate in the RFP process for the selection for the Vendor to create the website/presence.  • Responsible for the creation of project plan, WBS, communication plan and marketing plan for the initial launch of the new site.  • Responsible for gathering business requirements and liaising with the business and Vendors through status weekly status reports/meetings.    April 2013 toDecember 2016 Project Manager/Service Manager, Consultant Novartis Pharmaceuticals 2016 to December 2016 for Computer Doc Associates  • Responsible for gathering business requirements and liaising with business partners to standardize the global Backup and Recovery policy.  • Lead to the Service Manager for Backup and Recovery group and the lead the transition of services from IBM to HCL after the acquisition of Alcon  • Responsible for all service line metrics reporting, assisting in the on-boarding of new resources and ensuring training assignment and completion for compliance for the Backup Recovery group.  • Responsible for assisting with the deployment of PullPrint scan printer devices to all locations on the East Hanover campus.  • Responsible for overseeing the data center and building move for Oncology from Florham Park to East Hanover.  • Business PM of the mobile InteracT studio ( IT support service center).  • Responsible for increasing Studio visits through campaign (technology related) development and promotion.  • Responsible for maintaining studio operations SharePoint site to collect matrices and utilize collected data to develop status reports on studio utilization.    October 2012 toJanuary 2013 Project Manager Express Scripts - Franklin Lakes, NJ January 2013 to January 2013 for Princeton Technologies  • Project manager for Oracle Upgrade.  • Resolve client issues in a timely manner, Consultant with Princeton Information).  • Managing the migration of various commercial and sales related applications from legacy technologies to new firm standards.  • Effectively communicate project expectations to team members and stakeholders Liaise with key project stakeholders on an ongoing basis.  • Coach, mentor, motivate and supervise project team members and contractors, and influence them to take positive action and accountability for their assigned work. Project Coordinator/Jr Celgene Corporation - Berkeley Heights, NJ July 2011 to 2012 Project Manager, Consultant for InSys  • Manage project plans including tasks and timelines related to the implementation of Documentum.  • Responsible for tracking and monitoring project risks and issues.  • Manage project related financial data and report financial details through Excel.  • Foster project communication plans and provide weekly and monthly status reports.  • Develop and maintain a team site in SharePoint the project implementation, .  • Ensure all projects are maintained according to PMO practices.  • Experience with the coordination of LIMS implementation.    January 2011 toMay 2011 Project Coordinator, Consultant Horizon BCBS - Newark, NJ May 2011 to May 2011 • Manage project plans including project tasks and timelines in PlanView.  • Report and track resources utilization through PlanView.  • Ensure project documentation is complete and project methodology is followed.  • Create and maintain project/program team SharePoint site.  • Develop and report program KPIs through SharePoint.    May 2009 toDecember 2010 Project Manager, Consultant Novartis Pharmaceuticals 2010 to December 2010 for Computer Doc Associates  • Manage project plans for the deployment of Blackberrys to Salesforce.  • Report and track resources utilization IT Communications Manager Novartis AG and Pharmaceuticals Employee (FTE) - Basel, CH April 2009 to April 2009 Switzerland  • Develop and implement strategy for communication/marketing plans.  • Lead the integration of the Global IT intranet project.  • Project lead for intranet maintenance and improvement strategy.  • Provide communication support for important announcements, events and decisions.    September 2005 toJune 2006 Novartis AG and Pharmaceuticals Employee (FTE) July 2006 to 2009 Global Service Manager Novartis Pharmaceuticals - Basel, CH June 2006 to June 2006 Switzerland  • Responsible for launching the Sametime implementation as a globally managed, compliant service.  • Responsible for the related change management processes.  • Effectively apply Novartis project management methodology.  • Lead the implementation of Service Management processes (ITIL based) such as the implementation of Help Desk processes/documentation.  • Develop and deliver all training materials for the new service.  • Manage project team collaboration space and corresponding calendar.    May 2004 toAugust 2005 Collaborative Technologies Service Manager Novartis Pharmaceuticals August 2005 to August 2005 • Assess collaborative tools, potential benefits and positioning with the collaborative portfolio.  • Support the implementation of Service Management processes for collaborative solutions.  • Assist in the marketing of collaborative solution portfolio.  • Support customers in the selection of appropriate tools to fit business needs.  • Lead integration of the collaborative tools being offered with the Novartis designed Windows environment.    April 2001 toApril 2004 Senior Systems Engineer Novartis Pharmaceuticals April 2004 to April 2004 • Design and establish E-mail, Global Directory and Groupware systems and architecture in the global Novartis environment.  • (350 servers - 70,000 users).  • Support Novartis Regions and Sectors in E-mail, Global Directory and Groupware troubleshooting and migration to new versions.  • Provide training to Regional and Local Domino Administrators.  • Manage the life cycle of Notes applications.    Novartis Pharmaceuticals East Hanover, NJ  Global Service Manager, Project Manager and Business Analyst  • Partnered with worldwide business clients, project teams, application developers, Service Managers, Infrastructure teams and subject matter experts to ensure a clear understanding of overall strategic objectives and priorities, the alignment of the deliverables against the business requirements and the smooth execution of the intended solutions. Education Masters of Science UNIVERSITY OF MASSACHUSETTS - Amherst, MA May 1992 Bachelor of Arts in History DUKE UNIVERSITY - Durham, NC May 1989 Skills Domino (Less than 1 year), Gxp (Less than 1 year), Lotus domino (Less than 1 year), Microsoft project (Less than 1 year), Microsoft sharepoint (1 year), Ms office (Less than 1 year), Ms project (Less than 1 year), Ms visio (Less than 1 year), Planview. (Less than 1 year), Powerpoint (Less than 1 year), Sharepoint (1 year), Teamsite (Less than 1 year), Visio (Less than 1 year), Word (Less than 1 year) Additional Information Skills  MS Office applications (PowerPoint, Word, etc.) MS Project, MS Visio, CA Clarity, PlanView, TeamSite, SharePoint 7 & 10, ServiceNow, Bocada, Lotus Domino, QualysGuard, GxP processes