Outside Sales Associate Outside Sales Associate Outside Sales Associate - Payscape Lewis Center, OH To obtain a sales position or project management position that will utilize my leadership,  interpersonal, and critical thinking skills. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Outside Sales Associate Payscape - Columbus, OH January 2019 to Present Was responsible for selling our services/financial technology to small to medium sized businesses within the Central-Ohio area. Account/ Project Manager Pomeroy and Associates - Columbus, OH April 2018 to Present Was responsible for interfacing with our larger clients (Pulte, M/I, Fischer, and  Westport).  • Was responsible for client relations/customer service  • Ensured that projects got done on time without issue.  • Aided in price negotiations with clients when necessary.  • Was responsible for internal recruiting. Small Business Sales Consultant - NE Technology TriNet - Boston, MA March 2017 to September 2017 - Boston  • Pursued high growth technology startups in the Greater-Boston area.  • Developed relationships with C-level executives in the United States.  • Worked extensively with foreign entities interested in opening offices in the US  (primarily from Ireland, the UK, Germany and Israel).  • Managed a high level of inbound business, while cultivating new opportunities.  • Sold TriNet's HR consulting services/premium healthcare benefit packages to companies. IT Recruiter Robert Half Technology - Columbus, OH August 2016 to March 2017 • Sourced quality candidates with IT backgrounds  • Managed IT workers on assignment Senior Healthcare Recruiter Medical Staffing Options - Westerville, OH May 2015 to August 2016 • Sourced quality candidates with healthcare backgrounds.  • Recruited registered nurses and technologists for hospital contract positions  • Managed healthcare workers on assignment  • Developed lasting relationships with healthcare workers on assignment Field Director Michigan Republican Party - South Haven, MI September 2014 to December 2014 • Managed volunteers participating in voter contact  • Managed political events/election day operations Candidate Research Consultant BioTech Partners - Charlotte, NC May 2014 to September 2014 • Responsible for in-depth research of candidate backgrounds  • Compiled and organized lists of potential hires and their skills Education Bachelor of Political Science in History Miami University - Oxford, OH August 2010 to May 2014