Jr. IT Project Manager Jr. <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Jr. Project Manager - Advanced Communications Group City of Sunrise, FL A self-motivated and driven professional with technical skill set and experience in Project Management. Possess strong interpersonal skills, rapidly adapts to new technologies, standards and ideas. Exceptional ability to analyze situations, develop unique and effective approaches to problem solving situations. Proven performer who moves easily from vision and strategy to implementation and follow-through. Advanced experience in: Operations, Business Development, Revenue Enhancement, Strategic Planning, Vendor Selection, Quality and Productivity. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Jr. IT Project Manager Advanced Communications Group - Boynton Beach, FL February 2016 to Present Collect, analyze and measure process data, to initiate sustainable business practices and procedures for reporting to senior leadership and executives; review data for trends and gaps in the process that may require additional review. Identify process improvement opportunities and implement them through collaboration with other groups to include the risk office, business requirement office, and management to make final recommendations for approval on changes. Experienced in risk mitigation including staffing shortages, scope creep, budgetary changes and divergent business and user needs. Recruit internal and external candidates for IT team positions by searching and reviewing bulk resumes on different job portals. Provide coaching and leadership; influence employee commitment, sets priority, sets teams goals aligned to company’s overall goals. Provides continual formal and informal feedback through the performance management process utilizing (MBO) Management by Objective. Chaired virtual meetings with international team, necessary to deliver project from initiation to closure following PMI methodologies. Developed project plan(s) utilizing estimates and other inputs including intermediate budget development though internal labor and asset quotations. Worked with internal and external resources, to develop budget targets, time lines and (WBS) Work Breakdown Structures. Managing SLA's (Service Level Agreements), SOW (Statements of Work), SOP (Standard Operating Procedures), and LOI (Letters of Intent). Evolve and review internal development processes/procedures, effectively manage a team to deliver projects on time and budget in a highly diverse, dynamic and evolving environment. Database Analyst I Advanced Communications Group - Boynton Beach, FL October 2015 to February 2016 Develop and publish KPIs, metrics, dashboards and business intelligence based on the needs of the business, including ad-hoc for-device usage/availability, service and support trending, repair analysis, store technology performance Verify SQL database contents and changes using source documentation and the database audit trail. Verify data integrity across multiple databases using manual and automated techniques, web chats. Perform routine data quality checks and report on the results on a regular basis Technical support after-hours, on-call time when be needed Verify structure and content of client-requested database transfer datasets. Interface with site managers, project management and e-technology team for timely database uploads, site deployments, and reporting of issues Coordinate and participate in weekly site testing in order to ensure correct data integrity. Participate in the investigation and resolution of data related problems impacting reporting/analysis, stemming from the availability of the data, reports, technical issues and logging errors. Solutions Engineer - Informatica Deloitte Consulting LLP - Camp Hill, PA April 2015 to July 2015 Read, write, and maintain SQL, use defined business process and data from tools such as Oracle Enterprise Manager to identify and correct performance problems with ETL processes. Administration and configuration of Informatica PowerCenter Server (v9.1) in Windows and Unix using Admin Console and Metadata Manager. Apply Informatica Velocity Methodology and Best Practices with the ability to coach and mentor customers in the adoption of Velocity. Technical Support Agent Teleperformance USA - Fort Lauderdale, FL February 2014 to September 2014 Provide support to operations with day to day maintenance issues and escalate real time complex technical issues to appropriate level and/or vendor and contractor, only after exhausting all means of handling. Responsible for the functions necessary to perform analysis and troubleshooting via telephone, emails, web chats. Identifying, diagnosing, and resolving problems for users of computer software, hardware, network, e-mail, internet and new computer technology either in person or over the telephone. Conducting or arranging for the timely repair of company computer, desktop hardware, printing, audio/video equipment, and peripherals. Strong knowledge of common database applications: Oracle SQL, Oracle PL/SQL. Performs data queries and validation from various source systems by collaborating with multiple groups. Produces and maintains documentation of processes/procedures and standards for effective database administration. Provide production reports and technical support; conduct analysis of data to assist application developers in their support of production systems. Education Project Management Florida Atlantic University - Boca Raton, FL September 2017 to December 2017 Certificate in Applied Cyber Security McFatter Technical College - Davie, FL August 2015 to September 2016 Certificate in Database Application Development & Programming in SQL Database Atlantic Technical College - Margate, FL January 2014 to March 2015 Master of Business Administration in Management University Of Phoenix - Miami, FL October 2009 to December 2010 Bachelor of Science in Management University Of Phoenix - Miami, FL September 2006 to August 2009 Skills MICROSOFT PROJECT (1 year), MS Project (1 year), Oracle (Less than 1 year), PL/SQL. (Less than 1 year), SQL (2 years) Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/gmj1440/ Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) Taking Certification Exam February 2017 Additional Information A self-motivated and driven professional with technical skill set and experience in database development and Project Management. Possess strong interpersonal skills, rapidly adapts to new technologies, standards and ideas. Exceptional ability to analyze situations, develop unique and effective approaches to problem solving situations. Proven performer who moves easily from vision and strategy to implementation and follow-through. Advanced experience in: Operations, Business Development, Revenue Enhancement, Strategic Planning, Vendor Selection, Quality and Productivity.    Technical Skills  • Languages PL/SQL, T-SQL, R, Javascript  • RDBMS Oracle SQL, MySQL, SQL Server, Informatica Powercenter 9.1  • IDE Eclipse, NetBeans, R Studio  • OS Windows XP, 7, 8, Linux Others  • Other Data Structure, SSDT, MS Visio, MS Project, MS Office Tableau, JIRA