Senior IT Manager Senior <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Senior IT Manager - PAREXEL Boston, MA An accomplished and certified (PMP, ITIL and Scrum Master) IT professional offering advanced expertise and over 12 years of  extensive experience in IT Project and Program Management, with documented value-add in successful delivery of high-ROI,  business-enabling solutions and services. Simply put, I am a problem-solver and a driven leader, who thrives on challenges and  excels in leading cross functional teams to deliver results that meet and exceed set goals and objectives for any project/program.    Project and Program Management skills  • Track record in leading multiple demanding projects of all sizes to deliver quality solution/services within established  time, cost and quality parameters to support, improve and transform business processes and user experiences.  • Proven competency in managing complex programs and concurrent projects, especially for the development, integration,  implementation. upgrade and transformation of technology solutions within matrix organization.  • Outstanding core PM competency in Time and Resource Management, Requirements Analysis, Change Management,  Quality and Risk Management, Meeting Facilitation, Initiation, Work Breakdown, Costing, Budgeting and Tracking.  • Skilled in both Traditional/Waterfall as well as Agile/Scrum frameworks and experienced in managing all phases of  projects as well as Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) from Vision through implementation/go-live phases.    Service Delivery Management skills  • Proven expertise and success in orchestrating and leading support operations for critical multi-platform solutions.  • Establish clear SoW as well as SLA/OLA for end to end service delivery inclusive of all interfaces and components.  • Expertise to create, monitor, and report on comprehensive set of metrics, Critical Success Factor (CSF), and Key  Performance Indicators (KPI) while ensuring compliance with relevant SOPs and industry regulations.    Technical skills  ? Technically competent with in-depth understanding of IT architecture, design, processes, tools, and latest trends such as cloud hosting, SaaS, mobile and handheld device-based apps.  ? Hands-on experience in software development using web, datawarehouse, SQL, reporting and analytics technologies.  ? Advanced expertise in using Microsoft Office tools ( Project Plan, Excel, Power Point, SharePoint, Word, Visio, Access).  ? Experienced in using several tools/utilities such as JIRA, ITSM tools (ServiceNow), ERP systems (Oracle HCM, Peoplesoft) etc.    Communication and Cross Functional Global Team Building skills  ? Experienced in recruiting, mentoring and managing teams of up to 35 professionals across multiple continents.  ? Proficient in creating impactful presentations, communications, metrics, reports and project documentation.  ? Ability to communicate effectively and lucidly, both verbal and written, at any level of the organization.  ? Experienced in establishing and advocating Project Management best practices, processes, dashboards and templates.  ? Natural leader with the drive to instigate the best in team members and to cultivate cohesiveness and motivation.    Problem Identification, Resolution and Analytical skills  ? Recognized by peers as adept in creativity and lucidness with knack to see and solve problems; keen insight into potential pitfalls and problem areas for proactive risk identification/mitigation and for resolving bottlenecks.   ? Fast Learner with acumen to turn ambiguous business concepts into actionable plans/goals for successful execution.  ? Skilled in managing budget/finances, Earned Value Management, and cost-benefit/ROI analysis for project proposals.   ? Result-driven, self-starter, approachable, persuasive and diligent; ability to make decisions, resolve conflicts, prioritize and multi-task.    Stakeholder/Customer Relationship Management skills  ? Inherently skilled in forging lasting positive customer relationship and build trust using tact and inter-personal skills.  ? Great collaboration skills in working with internal departments and vendors to gain their buy-in for mutual benefits.  ? Savvy leader with the ability to manage customer relationships by seeking out their feedback, keeping up with their evolving business needs, setting/managing expectations, managing change, and shifting priorities, as needed. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior IT Manager PAREXEL March 2013 to Present Senior IT Manager at PAREXEL International, Billerica, MA (Mar, 2013 - Till Date)    Key Responsibilities:  • Manage New Product Introduction (NPI) projects to launch new commercial products to enable new revenue streams.  • Manage support, maintenance and upgrade projects for 12+ complex global solutions by leading a cross functional team  of 12-20 resources consisting of support analysts, engineers, business analysts, junior PMs, vendor and testers.  • Line Management of 9 direct reports.    Key Achievements:  • Successful execution of projects to launch new product offerings, which was a challenging undertaking due to stringent  timelines and learning curve in adopting niche technologies (such as mobile and handheld devices). It required creating  process workflows, user training plans, resource charts, cost estimation models, operational plans, work breakdown  structure, end-to-end support model, RAID log, release and communication plans etc.  • Demonstrated excellent project recovery skills in driving the implementation of a complex interface project to completion within 2 months of taking its ownership by providing the team with clarity, structure and leadership.  • Restored faltering customer satisfaction ratings for my portfolio while reducing operational costs- this was achieved by driving problem management using daily stand-ups, establishing accountability using RACI charts, systematically  addressing process gaps using checklists and problem-solving techniques such as fishbone diagram, reviewing lessons  learnt to implement best practices, and overseeing of collaboration among teams for seamless task hand offs. Senior Project Manager Genzyme Corp January 2012 to February 2013 Senior Project Manager at Genzyme, Cambridge, MA (Jan, 2012 - Feb, 2013)    Key Responsibilities:  • Manage support and maintenance operations of 8 global applications (in-house as well as custom COTS) by leading a team of up to 12 resources consisting of support analysts, engineers, business analysts, vendors, and QA/testers.    Key Achievements:  • Spearheaded system upgrade projects to keep up with the business needs and technology advances. This includes  successful upgrade of a complex Regulatory Submission system in record less time of only 2.5 months, which made it  possible for Genzyme to meet a critical FDA submission deadline. This was achieved using multiple strategies such as engaging the team upfront to accurately identify all tasks/dependencies, rapid team ramp-up with skilled resources,  close monitoring of the critical path to ensure potential bottlenecks are addressed, optimizing the execution of tasks  using follow-the-sun approach, and leveraging strong partnership with the vendor to obtain validation services.  • Consistently achieved benchmark SLA in delivering support services to the customers and reduced MTTR as well as ticket inflow by strengthening teams with appropriate skills/knowledge and fine-tuning of relevant systems and  underlying processes using levers such as process automation, advanced monitoring, shift-left etc. IT Program / Project Manager Pfizer Inc September 2006 to December 2011 IT Program/ Project Manager at Pfizer, Groton, CT (Sep, 2006 - Dec, 2011)    Key Responsibilities:  • Manage multiple projects end-to-end to design, build and implement new solutions using latest technologies.  • Lead multiple large enterprise-wide PMO programs for technology upgrade, IT Transformation and eLearning.  Resume  Email: Suman.Kumari@gmail.com | Cell: 857-540-3641 | Location: Boston, MA    • Manage cross-functional project teams of varying size ranging from 6 to 35 with up to 4 direct reports at a time.    Key Achievements:  • Exhibited exceptional project management skills in leading projects from conception through implementation to roll- out multiple products designed using specialized tools/architecture, which enabled Pfizer to stay on its IT roadmap.  • Successfully managed a massive PMO program for the OS upgrade of 800 R&D and Medical systems using robust  strategy, planning, and communication skills, which were instrumental to overcome the challenges caused by its  widespread business impact, complex inter-dependencies, and conflicting priorities.  • Successful undertaking of IT transformation program that involved leading multiple workstreams to discover system  disposition requirements for over 100 systems with significant downstream impact on data integrity/regulations and overseeing efforts to migrate/integrate affected systems/data. Spearheaded brainstorming sessions to facilitate  stakeholder consensus and to drive creative out-of-the-box solution ideas for achieving the accelerated timelines. The  success of this program resulted in streamlined business/ IT operations with better alignment, removal of redundancies and added to the company bottom-line by reducing the annual operational expenditures by at least 25%.  • Orchestration and implementation of a centralized enterprise-wide eLearning platform, which was first-of-its-kind  model for Pfizer and was deployed across all global sites for both external and internal users. Successfully managed all  operations, that ranged from creating its charter and SoWs to overseeing the quality of deliverables to managing  licenses and invoice/billing to executing core PM functions such as budgeting, change management, resource planning, scheduling, leading steering committee meetings, and executive status/financial reporting.  • Well recognized by the senior executives as "the perfect fit" for leading critical IT initiatives and recovering troubled  projects based on my stellar performance and success in leading PMO projects, and well regarded as the "go-to" person for help with any crisis due to my varied skills and zeal to go above and beyond my regular responsibilities. Project / Technical Leader IMS Health - Plymouth Meeting, PA September 2002 to August 2006 Key Responsibilities:  • Development and Support of revenue generating suite of products and delivery platform with team of 2-4 members.    Key Achievements:  • Led the team to build an integrated and robust web-based platform for faster time to market, which executed intricate  business rules and parallel processed large volume of data to generate multitude of reports and analytics. This  centralized system overhauled previous inefficient processes to deliver quality products with better accuracy and shorter turnaround, enabling IMS to achieve astounding profits and sales growth by 20% within just 6 months.  • Significantly reduced cost/effort required for the development and maintenance of web products by leading the team to design a highly flexible, scalable and reusable application framework with meta-data driven architecture.  • Established great rapport and synergy with the sales and marketing teams by conducting facilitated workshops/user  group meetings to keep up with their ever-evolving strategies/requirements and helped devise innovative solutions. Education Bachelor's in Electronics & Communication Engineering Birla Institute of Technology Skills Erp Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) ITIL v3 Foundation Scrum Master (SMC)