IT Project Manager - Supply Chain <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> - Supply Chain IT Project Manager - Supply Chain Austin, TX Over twenty years of experience as a technical management professional in the fields of Project Management, Technology Development, and Solution Implementation. Industry seasoned in standard development life cycle practices, and PMI methodologies. Utilizing business acumen to drive project deliverables on time and within budget. Successfully leverages intuitive abilities to bridge business requirements with technical teams, and cross functional departments. Work Experience IT Project Manager - Supply Chain Whole Foods Market - Austin, TX January 2019 to June 2019 Team leader for high level, complex ERP Order Funnel integrations efforts  ? Direct project team in replacing third party Item, Pricing, and Replenishment application to inhouse supported and managed application  ? Lead POC Proof of Concept Robotics inventory effort. Manage third-party vendors, IT teams, and store associates to drive data analytics and track key performance indicators  ? Provide PMO and Senior Leadership weekly project status updates  ? Identifies risk and provides mitigation direction and resolution  ? Effective team leader in a large cross functional team environment  ? Maintains all project deliverables, and project document repositories Deployment Services Project Manager RADIANT RFID - Austin, TX August 2018 to January 2019 Lead delivery efforts through scoping, design, development, testing, and deployment phases for projects required to deliver new category management capabilities.  ? Deliver projects by leading cross-functional teams and working in a matrix-based environment requiring strong partnerships with vendors, internal business stakeholders, and other internal IT development teams  ? Ensure the management of the project scope, schedule, resources, budget, issues, and risks  ? Proactively manage issues and mitigate risks to enable on time delivery within a budget and with expected scope/quality  ? Represent project status, issues, and risks effectively with senior leadership using a high degree of professional confidence and credibility  ? Understand stakeholder goals, expectations, and assess the impact to overall release management strategies  ? Create project work plans that clearly capture key project milestones and dependencies  ? Manage project teams comprised of team members and contractors  ? Define team member roles and expectations to support overall project delivery  ? Build and maintain relationships with IT teams within other programs, to identify to key dependencies IT Project Manager EZCORP - Austin, TX March 2018 to June 2018 Defined and implemented the IT and Business playbook for new company acquisitions.  ? Lead IT project team during the requirement gathering, technical architecture, and resource planning  ? Facilitate weekly staff meetings and bi-weekly Executive Steering Committee meetings  ? Maintain and Manage project expenditures and reporting IT Project Manager Advanced Micro Devices, Inc April 2017 to January 2018 Migrated all EDI based interactions of sixteen Trading Partners to a new SAP provider with SOX Compliance  ? Completed Test Output file comparison, Mapping, and End to End Testing  ? Oversaw IT related tasks for AMD's corporate office move of over one thousand employees.  ? Deployed SAP business application updates, IT physical inventory, sever moves, connectivity WAN/LAN, and voice/video upgrade  ? Developed the analytics blueprint proposal of yield capability improvements.  ? Completed business analysis, system gaps, vendor demos, and assessment status updates Project Manager Ardmore Capital, LLC - Savannah, GA January 2016 to February 2017 Partnered with business leadership to analyze business requirements with technical solutions.  ? Managed Project Lifecycle processes according to PMO processes.  ? Evaluated Cloud and Stacked Based Solutions, and Licensing Options  ? Oversaw Issue & Risk Management to mitigate the impact to project plan  ? Provided management of teams including on and offshore to effectively achieve coherence as a single team  ? Developed Software Assessment for ERP, Warehouse and Transportation Management systems  ? Lead IT Infrastructure and Security needs for procurement.  ? Oversaw Infrastructure build out including low voltage cabling, fire suppression, and NOC design  ? Participated in sales demonstrations for on boarding potential new customers  ? Provided User Acceptance Testing Solution for Success Factors Compensation System Sr. IT Project Manager Southeastern Grocers LLC - Jacksonville, FL May 2015 to November 2015 Key member of the IT Asset Protection team responsible for facilitation and implementation of a hosted Exception Based Intelligence Application deployed to over nine hundred grocery stores and pharmacies.  ? Utilized PMBOK methodologies Agile and Waterfall Processes while working with cross functional departments throughout the company enterprise  ? Implemented a cloud-hosted application providing enterprise operations a tool to proactively identify shrink.  ? Lead the deployment of asset protection visibility across all company stores and pharmacies.  ? Managed project teams including on-site, offshore, and third-party vendors.  ? Oversaw the development of fourteen data feeds from cross functional departments and the secure transmission of data to a third-party vendor.  ? Provided regular status updates to PMO director and stakeholders utilizing Visio, and PowerPoint presentations.  ? Maintained SharePoint project site, file version control and ensured documentation were clearly accessible to project team members and stakeholders. Sr. IT Project Manager Fanatics, Inc - Jacksonville, FL February 2014 to April 2015 Provided Technical Project Management leadership for a world leader in the Sports E-Commerce retail industry.  ? Completed business and IT Gap analysis of E-Commerce routing logic being used across the company  ? Lead the Automation of a 750,000 square foot distribution center while maintaining 100% production capacity.  ? Lead Infrastructure build out for new construction including low voltage, networking, and NOC build out  ? Key leader in developing project prioritization and future project work  ? Oversaw all aspects of development across multiple cross functional departments.  ? Managed the start-up a new 740,000 square foot E-Commerce apparel manufacturing center while maintaining full production capacity.  ? Oversaw the development and implementation of new Order Management logic to increase order throughput, and customer satisfaction while providing new data logging capabilities.  ? Managed improvements to the EDI/ERP processes including Vendor Integration and on-boarding, reduced data transmission error by 25% and lead new vendor technology RFI and RFP efforts  ? Provided timely updates to Executive Steering Committee on contractor burn rates, and project milestones goals. Sr. Project Manager Stein Mart Inc - Jacksonville, FL July 2012 to November 2013 Assisted Stein Mart to complete its long-term Supply Chain Strategy to transition from third party operated warehouses to Stein Mart operated facilities.  ? Utilized PMBOK methodologies to deliver business solutions. Assisted enabling Stein Mart to complete its long-term Supply Chain Strategy to transition from third party operated warehouse facilities to Stein Mart operated facilities.  ? Lead the on boarding of three new 200,000 square foot warehouse facilities including the implementation of High Jump Warehouse Management Systems and Mercury Gate Transportation Management application suite.  ? Managed all third-party vendor work and deliverables.  ? Deployed automated sortation enhancements with the Warehouse Management Application.  ? Integrated WMS transactional data with the Oracle Retail Management System to provide real time supply chain visibility.  ? Immediate project benefits included lower operating and transportation costs utilizing route optimization, improvements.  ? Provided on-site and remote support to the Supply Chain, Operations and Logistic teams in three distribution facilities  ? Provided management with project status updates, risks management, and project spend.  ? Managed vendors SOW's, deliverables, and timelines. WMS Technical Project Manager Carlisle Tire - McDonough, GA February 2012 to July 2012 Provided WMS configuration and operational support, Project Management, and Application development in a  700, 000 square feet automated distribution facility.  ? Implemented transportation routing optimization suite across the company enterprise.  ? Assumed WMS Analyst role as an intermediary during personnel changes supporting operational production utilizing Manhattan Open Systems, JDE Host, HK Conveyor Systems, and Tech King Sortation Systems.  ? Provided vendor management support for offshore and domestic development teams.  ? Delivered weekly project status updates, and risk mitigation plans.  ? Provided support, training, and team building environment to new IT personnel.  ? Utilized Root Cause Analysis to eliminate WMS inefficiencies to drive production, and accuracy improvements. IT Project Manager World Vision - Federal Way, WA 2011 to May 2012 Participated as an IT partner with key business teams to provide qualitative and quantitative business analysis in support of application development, organizational process changes, and corporate decision making. Developed business and technical required documentation and provided solution recommendations enabling priority identification.  ? Collaborated with business subject matter experts to evaluate, document, and deliver transforming technology to a manual distribution warehousing process. Benefits included increasing productivity, and donor satisfaction while increasing ability to provide life critical services to children, and families across the globe.  ? Organized and lead design review sessions for business requirements, technical requirements, created use test cases/scripts, and UAT for customer Web page entry forms eliminating a manual application entry process.  ? Provided business knowledge, and technical expertise to develop a video teleconferencing footprint while implementing appropriate upgrades across U.S. locations improving teleconferencing quality.  ? Developed business requirements documentation with gap/impact/usability analysis to validate proof of concept for distribution order system upgrades receiving project approval, and successful completion of project deliverables on time and within budget. Senior Technical Project Manager Beaufort County School District - Beaufort, SC September 2008 to March 2011 Project driver for large and medium scale projects from initiation to implementation in over thirty-five K-12 South Carolina schools and administration facilities with financial responsibility of taxpayer and government funds exceeding 35MM. Oversaw extensive Infrastructure build out.  ? Consulted as a senior member of management collaborating with cross functional departments, and stakeholders to define business requirements, complete technical analysis, design, testing and implementation of new technologies in existing and new K-12 facilities.  ? Developed Infrastructure build out plan, decommissioning, dark fiber install, low voltage upgrade and install  ? Project business driver executing due diligence of vendor RFI, RFP, and management ownership of selected vendor compliance deliverables.  ? Strategically implemented new technology infrastructure including; VOIP telecom, low voltage cabling, network hardware, and wireless enablement across the district resulting in state and district IT compliance while improving network bandwidth and performance by 40%.  ? Implemented Interactive Boards in over 1400 classrooms improving student and teacher educational learning experience.  ? Enhanced communication capabilities by implementing Polycom high definition video conferencing, and streaming solutions across 35 remotes district sites.  ? Completed IT building renovations for a joint district vocational facility encompassing complete decommissioning of all IT infrastructures, and re-architecting IT framework, hardware, and software upgrades on time and within budget. IT Project Manager Home Depot Distribution Center - Dallas, TX May 2008 to August 2008 Provided IT consulting for Warehouse Management systems, configuration, and data analysis in a 500,000 square foot Home Depot distribution center serviced by a leader in the 3PL industry.  ? Assumed IT business liaison responsibilities between the customer (Home Depot), warehouse management software vendor (Manhattan), and UTI third party logistics provider improving business continuity, and driving team efforts to resolve operational challenges.  ? Evaluated WMS logic, identified software deficiencies, and implemented changes into production improving accuracy, operational volume, and increased customer satisfaction.  ? Provided documentation, training, and continued process improvement support on implemented changes and improvements Sr IT Manager Schneider Logistics - Savannah, GA August 2004 to May 2008 Hired trained and mentored a highly skilled application development team supporting software development, EDI, SQL databases, and IT support services bringing subject matter expertise in house and saving company expenditures of over $100,000.00 monthly.  ? Utilized standard development life cycle practices supporting High Jump Warehouse and Yard Management applications, SQL databases, and Sterling Commerce EDI Suite resulting in increased customer base, and business service offerings.  ? Supported over fifteen million square feet of warehouse space in six states contributing to company growth objectives.  ? Oversaw infrastructure entire build out for over one dozen distribution facilities  ? Reverse engineered, documented, and implemented a centralized warehouse and yard management application creating repeatable results, reducing costs, defects, and increasing productivity by 25%.  ? Implemented RFID label technology to meet DOD and customer mandates ahead of schedule gaining national recognition.  ? Completed proof of concept to implement a real time equipment locating system integrated with the High Jump Yard Management System utilizing RFID active tag technology.  ? Key contributor to overall architecture roadmap, alignment, and implementation of integrated solutions driving continuous improvement, and reusability across the application portfolio.  ? Project technical lead for an application development team leveraging staff strengths to exceed customer and business objectives.  ? Awarded by Target Corporation as 2005 All Star 3PL recipients for the consecutive technological on-boarding of a 500,000 square foot distribution center in Savannah, Ga., and a 325,000 square foot facility in Seattle, WA. Exceeding SLA's, KPI's, and EDI requirements.  ? Nationally publicized articles in Information Week (Dec. 15, 2004), and recognized by High Jump WMS/TMS division as a success story. Education Associate Degree Southern Methodist University - Dallas, TX 1994 Skills Scheduling, Outlook, Maintenance, Estimating, budget, Customer Service, Word, Microsoft Project, Sales