IT Security Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Security <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Global Information Security/Program Manager Milwaukee, WI Work Experience IT Security Project Manager Fidelity Investments July 2015 to Present Responsible for managing and delivering multiple highly complex enterprise wide projects , including managing the cost/budget, schedule &dependencies, resources, scope, quality and risk.  • Responsible for ensuring information security policies, standard were well communicated , updated.  • Identified key KPIs to measure the security risk.  • Responsible for planning, execution and reporting of the audit procedures performed.  • Prepared reports for executive on risk and audit findings.  • Successfully managing and delivering high risk security Business, Insider Threat( Privileged Access Management via  CyberArk) projects across Business units of company • Implemented projects to comply with NIST 800-53 control standards • Closely working with Audit and senior management on Prioritizing and delivering SSA16 and SOC 1 applications.  • Managed project on Data Center consolidation.  • Understanding of FAIR Risk Analysis Model • Continuously utilize Archer and GRC Open Pages for Issues tracking ,Reporting , and storing Key Risk Measures and Policies.  • Responsible for developing Strategy and Schedule for effective delivery of the projects • Ensured appropriate resources were available to meet corporate /client/ project objectives while achieving optimal utilization of the staff within and cross teams.  • Directly manage all aspects of the project lifecycle (SDLC)and works with cross functional teams to oversee all phases of the projects and ensure successfully projects on time.  • Create Project Plan and track key milestones associated with targeted implementation windows.  • Responsible for creating and maintaining Project Charter, resource plan, contingency plans, and PM artifacts, SOW.  • Coordinated with senior executives to assure projects meet both corporate and client objectives • Provided regular status reporting of information security program to senior leadership.  • Responsible for building and coordinating day-to-day activities and communications with business partners at various levels of the organizations including executives.  • Facilitate Steering Committees with executives to review progress and obtain approvals and key topics.  • Identify and analyze project risks, issues and support recommendations and enforce change management process.  • Initiated internal process improvements across multiple teams and functions, and helped measure impact against company goals.  • Ability to assess stakeholder needs and identify/coordinate team resources to solve a variety of problems.  • Proactively partner with Business to identify risks and ensure operational readiness prior to installs, develop install plans and facilitate Go/No Go meetings upon completion of testing.  • Work closely with Risk, Audit and compliance teams.  • Responsible for collecting and storing historical compliance/audit documents for the project across the project life cycle. Project Manager Wipro Technologies - North Quincy, MA August 2012 to July 2015 The Enterprise Security Framework (eSF) project enables advancements in security administration across all technology platforms and systems. The goal of Identity Access Management project is to delivers a common shared identity repository called Enterprise Directory (eDir) to host all digital identities collected from various State  Street internal sources like Peoplesoft, IQN, CID   • Lead IAM projects in a matrix organization, managing cross functional teams across business units and effectively manage teams at different geographical locations.  • Manage all phases of SDLC and project management.  • Lead multiple medium and large Information risk projects simultaneously.  • Develop and manage project plans and artifacts to ensure on time delivery while driving execution and controlling timelines and resources.  • Define project phase deliverables, track milestones on Overall Project Plan, evaluate risks and recommend contingency plans if need be during the lifecycle of the project.  • Lead ongoing development of IAM strategies, creation of roadmaps and plans.  • Provide timely communication of planning, project status, issues and risks to Project/Business Owners, steering committees and Senior Management.  • Responsible for quality assurance of the IAM product, create status review reports for management.  • Introduced the concept of Change/Demand Management.  • Develop and implement short term and long term project support.  • Ability to meet deadlines and complexities in the project adhering to the company policies and standards.  • Proficient in visually displaying the project performance using MS-Power Point and Visio and creating PMO Dashboard for weekly review by Management.  • Facilitated project status review meetings..  • Develop Post production roll out plans and communicate the same to Business and Stakeholders. Business Analyst One World Communication March 2008 to May 2012 Gathered business requirements, interacted with the users, designers and developers, project manager and SMEs to get a better understanding of the business processes.  • Created use case specifications, business flow diagrams, activity/state diagram and sequence diagram using MS  Visio.  • Facilitated Joint Application Development (JAD) sessions and facilitated stakeholder meetings to identify business processes and requirements.  • Created BSD, FSD, and Use cases • Interacted with different business groups to perform gap analysis to identify the deficiencies in the system by comparing the business requirements and system objectives.  • Documented existing applications with the creation of UML sequence diagram and class diagrams.  • Defined testing strategies and design test plans to test each system Interface output and rigorously test each system Interface based on its test plan.  • Detected and documented defects using HP Quality Center.  • Participated in triage sessions to help cure open defects. Education Bachelors in Science in Social Networking tools familiarity Oxford Brooks University July 2002 to May 2005 Skills AWS (Less than 1 year), Excel (Less than 1 year), project management. (2 years), SDLC (6 years), Visio (7 years) Additional Information Skills:  • Expert executive presentation, written and strong communication skills.  • People and Relationship management, Consulting , Motivator to team members.  • Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP), Cloud Migration, AWS and Azure tool implementation.  • Change leadership , management and meeting facilitation skills along with risk assessment.  • Ability to navigate through a highly matrixed organization effectively and efficiently.  • Experience with Project Management via PWA tool  • Strong interpersonal , problem solving, critical thinking skills  • Ability to work independently and alongside a team to ensure successfully delivery for key milestones of the  projects.  • Extensive knowledge of managing projects using SDLC and creating lifecycle deliverables including detailed project  risk, and issue plans to ensure goals are accomplished.    Technical Skills  • MICROSOFT OFFICE SKILL: MS - Access, Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Power Point, Visio, PPM  • BUG TRACKING TOOLS: HP Quality center.  • UTILITY TOOLS: MS Office Suite, MS Project, SharePoint, Ribbit, JIRA,KANBAN, Tableau, Confluence, CISCO  Webex; SPLUNK monitoring, ServiceNow, Planview, PWA  • METHODOLOGIES: Agile and Waterfall