Contractor to GP Strategies Corporation Sr. Program Manager Contractor to GP Strategies Corporation Sr. Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> Senior Program/ Project Manager/ IT Senior Manager Ellicott City, MD More than 25 years of experience in IT Management, Program and Project Management, Agile Framework, Data Center Infrastructure Operations, Software Systems Development and Deployment, IT Procurement, and Financial Management. Have led many cross-functional teams in the implementation of on time and cost-effective technical solutions.     • Top Secret Security Clearance  • Certified Project Management Professional (PMP)  • SAFe Certified Agilist  • Certified Agile Scrum Master (CSM)  • ITIL v3 Foundation Certification  • Lean Six Sigma Certified Work Experience Contractor to GP Strategies Corporation Sr. Program Manager VM's July 2018 to Present Contractor to GP Strategies Corporation  Sr. Program Manager IT Infrastructure (July 2018 through Present) Primary projects within the program include:     Migration/Consolidation/Upgrade of SQL database virtual servers (VM’s)  o  Necessary to ensure license compliance through the migration of VM’s dedicated to SQL databases from three Microsoft Hyper-V clusters to one VMware cluster.  o  Smaller footprint also provides for significant reduction in software licensing costs.  o  Avoids need for premium support through upgrade of older versions of SQL server scheduled for end of service life in July 2019.  o  Working with global divisions in the company to minimize disruptions in applications availability with the upgrade to associated databases.     Windows Server OS Upgrades  o  Avoids need for premium support Windows Server 2008/R2 scheduled End of Service Life on Jan. 14, 2020.  o  Includes migration onto reduced hardware footprint, lessening license costs.     U.S. Disaster Recovery (DR) Facility  o  Provider announced closing of current colocation data center in 2019.  o  Need to develop, bid, and trial alternatives comparing cost and benefits of other colocation space to cloud-based services.     IT Infrastructure Vulnerability Management  o  Clarification of organization roles in the performance of Vulnerability Management.  o  Improvement in processes for identification, documentation, analysis, and initiation of corrective action.  o  Review of processes for penetration testing, reporting/ticketing, gauging level of exposures, and prioritization of corrective actions. Senior IT Program Manager TSource, LLC - Baltimore, MD March 2010 to Present Contractor IT Enterprise Operation Allegis Group, Inc March 2010 to June 2018 Primary programs/ projects have included:  • Global Network Program Design and Deployment  ? Managed a cross-functional team of 50+ personnel to design and deploy new network infrastructure in North America, EMEA, and APAC.  ? Strategic objectives:  * Deployed infrastructure, tools, and associated processes to enable a common user experience in corporate headquarters and all national and international field offices,  * Managed design and deployment of a network core and regional hubs that readily accommodates and enables global expansion,  * Provided improvements in performance, availability, and ease of support.  ? Major initiatives include:  * Deployment of regional network hubs:  • Deployed and integrated new infrastructure to two network hubs in the U.S. (Baltimore and Phoenix), two hubs in EMEA (Maidenhead and Frankfurt), and three hubs in APAC (Australia, Singapore, India).  * Managed upgrades to routers and switches, and expanded wireless access in North American, EMEA, and APAC field offices.  • Completed objective of deploying new infrastructure to 350+ field offices in 11 months.  * Standardized wireless networks.  ? Program introduced new technologies of Performance Based Routing, iWAN Redundancy, and Next Generation Firewalls, using an Agile framework, tools, and processes over the most recent 2 years.  ? Regularly conduct Executive Steering Committee meetings to report on program progress.  ? Managed a program budget of $30M.  ? Consistently completed project initiatives on time and on budget.  • Outsourcing to Data Center Hosted Service Provider  ? Completed a detailed vendor evaluation for the outsourcing of data center infrastructure requirements to a Hosted Service Provider. Covered all aspects of data center infrastructure, (i.e., Facilities, Private Cloud, Storage, Backup, Network, Security Services, Active Directory, Business Continuity, Unified Communications, etc.). Compared vendor responses in terms of overall capabilities and costs, as compared to current data center operations. Total agreement of $25M over 5 years.    • Windows 7/IE9/Office 2010  ? Managed replacement of 14,000 laptops and desktops to a new Windows 7/IE9/Office 2010 image.  ? Reduced Administrative Rights to Standard Rights, implemented an App Portal, and acquired, tested, and deployed a PC Backup Cloud Based solution.    • Virtual Desktop Image (VDI) System Development  ? Managed development of a VMware VDI system to provide Virtual Desktops to a Legal Services company within the Allegis Group.    • Data Center Migration  ? Co-managed a large-scale data center migration for the Allegis Group moving more than 300 servers, associated storage, and network infrastructure from Hanover, MD to Harrisonburg, VA.  ? Managed the orderly shutdown, shipment, and restart of the infrastructure, tracking and managing issues through to resolution, management of infrastructure and application restart, and communication of status throughout the migration to all levels of management.    • Service Desk Relocation  ? Managed a team of 40 IT and other professionals in the acquisition, test, and deployment of voice, data, and other infrastructure, (i.e., Automated Call Distribution Services (ACD), voice and data circuits, servers, routers, switches, IPT phones, displays, and office setup).  ? Total migration of facilities for 100 Service Desk personnel with no disruption in Service Desk operation.    • Data Center Automation  ? Managed the configuration of the Blade Logic tool for the administration of standard configurations to UNIX and Windows servers, the tracking of drift from configurations, and the management of permissions to perform configuration changes.  ? Completed physical verification of 600+ servers in separate Test/Development and Production data centers as part of this initiative.    • Blue Coat Secure Gateway Proxy  ? Managed the deployment of new infrastructure to Allegis U.S. and several international locations for secure web access to corporate web hosted sites, replacing an outdated system of control.  ? Worked with IT Security and HR Executives to establish new policies for what could and could not be accessed through the web.  ? Provided for fault tolerance through the ability to failover to a common site, and provided economies of scale through enterprise licensing and standard infrastructure.    • Internet Explorer Version 8 (IE8)  ? Managed the testing of more than 170 web based applications, and the resolution of compatibility issues with this version of Explorer. Completed the release of IE8 to 14,000 employees in Allegis U.S.    • Vulnerability Risk Assessment  ? Managed a team in the verification of the integrity and security of Allegis' bases of proprietary information.  ? Included penetration tests conducted by an outside firm. Process included an assessment of findings, and repeat attempts after remediation.    • Video Conferencing  ? Managed installation of Video Conference infrastructure to provide for standards in features and processes.  ? Included installation of CISCO infrastructure to provide for such features as multi-direction conferencing capability,  ? Provided for conferencing over primary endpoints and laptops, extension to Microsoft Exchange for scheduling of primary endpoints, and implementation of recording capability. Senior IT Project Manager Novad Management Consulting, LLC - Rockville, MD March 2009 to March 2010 • Information Computing Technology for the 21st Century (ICT21)  ? Managed the development of IT Operating standards for two new data centers for the Food and Drug Administration (FDA)  ? Led multiple teams of 20 to 30 management and technical personnel in the development of standards for all aspects of IT Infrastructure, as scheduled within a 6-month period, and within budget.  ? Included development of standards for Active Directory, Security Services, Database Clusters, Event Ticketing, Configuration Items and CMDB, UNIX and Intel Server Builds, Storage Arrays, Network Services, and Device Names.  ? Member of the ICT21 Steering Committee to brief FDA Executive Management on Progress. Met all objectives on or ahead of schedule. Awarded a bonus within first four months of this initiative by demonstrating leadership and IT technical expertise.    • Food and Drug Administration's (FDA's) Adverse Events Reporting System (FAERS)  ? Managed development and deployment of releases of the FAERS system for the FDA.  * FAERS was a strategic project to significantly enhance the abilities of early detection and analysis of important product safety concerns.  ? Performed Earned Value Analysis (EVA) as required by the Office of Management and Budget for Federal Projects. Senior IT Project Manager TSource, LLC - Baltimore, MD August 2008 to January 2009 Contractor to Allegis Group IT Systems & Facilities Organization. Primary projects included:  • Emergency Power Upgrade  ? Managed data center deployments of UPS and PDU changes in infrastructure to address increased power capacity requirements.  ? Performed extensive planning with more than 60 analysts and technical leads to power down all data center hardware, implement power changes, and power back all hardware and systems without issue.  ? Performed work as scheduled with no issues, on time, and within budget.    • Server Consolidation and Virtualization  ? Managed acquisition and deployment of 17 VM Hosts to decommission 225 physical servers through system virtualization. Completed on time and on budget.  * "Green" initiative to substantially reduce data center energy consumption.    • Data Loss Prevention  ? Managed acquisition and deployment of server hardware, Symantec's software, Websense, and Absolute Software used to identify and de-encrypt proprietary information sent over email and other data transmission tools in violation of company policy. Completed as scheduled and within budget. Senior IT Consultant/SW Development KodiakEdge Consulting, LLC - Vienna, VA 2008 to 2008 • Contractor to EDS, Inc. Development of Hardware & Software Asset Management System and Processes  ? Developed systems and processes to track assets dedicated to systems EDS operates for government agencies through the customization of BMC Remedy.  ? Established procedures to ensure contract compliance, document software support, provide leverage in software licensing in negotiations, and to track software license use.  ? Completed as scheduled and within budget. Senior IT Manager -- Contract Management Verizon, Inc - Silver Spring, MD 2003 to 2007 • Managed cross-functional teams ( IT technical staffs, Procurement, Finance, Legal, and client organizations) in vendor negotiations and the implementation of cost cutting initiatives:  ? Performed cost/benefit and comparative analysis of new supplier proposals.  ? Provided IT technical and financial perspective and expertise as a member of teams working on the negotiation of new proposals.  ? Focused on acquisition of a large array of IT products and services, (UNIX, Intel, and Mainframe hardware and software), from more than 100 vendors.  ? Consistently achieved cost-cutting objectives yielding $25M or more annually on an annual budget of $220M.  ? Achieved cost reductions through such initiatives as evaluating and implementing changes in hardware maintenance coverage, arranging replacement of old technology hardware to reduce support costs, increasing competition between vendors, negotiating prepayment discounts, and leveraging combined requirements of merged companies. Senior IT Manager - UNIX and Intel Systems Verizon, Inc - Silver Spring, MD 1996 to 2003 • Managed approximately 50 personnel in procuring, staging, configuring, testing, and deploying UNIX and Intel servers, storage, and network equipment. Primary contributions included:  ? Controlled engineering and deployment of UNIX infrastructure for new mission critical projects including all eCommerce, Service Activation, and Sales Negotiation Systems for the corporation.  ? Completed an average of more than 240 infrastructure installations and upgrades annually on a base of 6,000 UNIX and Intel servers and peripherals deployed nationwide.  ? Deployed to standard new system servers, workstations, networks and peripherals to promote ease of implementation and limit need for technicians with specialized skills.  ? Directed resolution of client server issues.  ? Worked with computer hardware and software suppliers to resolve problems affecting availability.  ? Raised systems availability to 99.95% through strict adherence to systems standards.  ? Achieved and maintained ISO 9000 certification as part of a Verizon IT quality initiative.  ? Controlled and stayed within an annual budget of $120 million. Education Masters of Science degree in Financial Management Johns Hopkins University Bachelor of Science in Financial Management in Financial Management University of Maryland - College Park - College Park, MD Education Virginia Tech and the University of Pennsylvania Skills UNIX (10+ years), CISCO (8 years), REMEDY (1 year), IT INFRASTRUCTURE (10+ years), VIDEO CONFERENCING (8 years), PMP (10+ years), Scrum Master (3 years) Certifications/Licenses Agile Certified Scrum Master March 2016 to Present Agile Certified Scrum Master (CSM) since 2016 through FoxHedge LTD Project Management Professional (PMP) December 2007 to December 2023 Project Management Professional (PMP) since 2007 through PMI. Scaled Agile Framework (SAFe) Certified Agilist October 2017 to Present Scaled Agile Framework (SAFe) Certified Agilist in 2017 through Scaled Agile, Inc. IT Infrastructure Library (ITIL) v3 Foundation May 2015 to Present IT Infrastructure Library (ITIL) v3 Foundation since 2015 through TEK Education Services. Lean Six Sigma Green Belt May 2018 to Present Lean Six Sigma Green Belt 2018 through Six Sigma Global Institute. Additional Information Skills / Tool Experience / Related IT Technology    Scaled Agile Framework, Agile Scrum, Kanban, Program/ Project Management, IT Infrastructure, Network Infrastructure iWAN Redundancy, Server Virtualization, Network Infrastructure, UNIX Systems Services, TCP/IP, BMC Remedy, Blade Logic, VM Ware Virtual Desktop Image, Microsoft Windows, Remote Access (VPN), Data Loss Prevention, Asset Management, Next Generation Firewall, Cisco Unified Communication, CISCO Video Conferencing, Software Development, MS Project, Visio, Powerpoint, Excel, and Word.