Technical Project Manager / Fulfillment Manager Technical <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> / Fulfillment <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager San Antonio, TX Work Experience Technical Project Manager / Fulfillment Manager Wells Fargo - Charlotte, NC January 2012 to Present Worked with senior management during the design, equipment selection, and installation of large, high-risk, major technology-based projects using Linux, UNIX, and Windows operating systems.  • Coordinated with inside and outside stakeholders on products from initial concept through delivery involving cross platforms, applications, and business lines for locations throughout the world allowing for improved communications through technology.  • Functioned as a technical resource for business partners and provide assistance with development of technology concepts, requirements, design alternatives/re-engineering, costs, and project schedules.  • Created billing of material documentation allowing for customer budgets and expense reporting  • Sourced and negotiated prices with vendors/suppliers/manufacturers.  • Monitored project status that ensured they are meeting budget and timelines.  • Prepared comprehensive reports on each project for senior management and provided cost analyses, status reports, project updates, and recommendations that resolved significant issue.  • Continuously communicated with internal and external stake holders.  • Collaborated with developers in creating new implementation tools that ensured standardized provisioning such as E2E and STSP. IT Project Manager Wachovia - San Antonio, TX 2007 to Present Delivered High Quality IT for Wells Fargo over the last 7 years. I also have 21 years as a IT field engineer Operating System Engineer, Wachovia Wachovia 2007 to 2012 Managed server installation across all platforms in U.S. data centers as well as remote locations. Utilized comprehensive technical knowledge and problem-solving skills to resolve issues and ensure completing installation on time and on budget.  • Traveled to India to resolve issues and cross-train employees in system operations and troubleshooting.  • Completed Server OS builds and evaluated existing operations to identify and recommend changes for improvement in efficiency and security.  • Functioned as Team Leader from 2010 through 2012 and coordinated all team activities and provided technical support.  • Collaborated with customer groups and other technical teams to develop process improvements and affect re-engineering of existing systems and processes.  • Assisted with process and workflow of implementation tools that included STSP, e2e, and DCM. Education Associate of Applied Science (AAS) in Electronic Engineering / Computer Science Arapahoe Community College - Littleton, CO Skills Waterfall, SDLC, Information Technology Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/mark-arneson Awards Gold Coin 2014-02 Highest Award given to a single employee in Wells Fargo