IT Managed Services Manager | Partner <span class="hl">IT</span> Managed Services <span class="hl">Manager</span> | Partner IT Manager | Salaried Professional Service Robert Half Technology Costa Mesa, CA I am a proven IT professional with 15+ years of hands on experience in the IT field covering Management, Administration, Staffing, Project Management and Server/Desktop Support. In my experience, I have demonstrated that I am a dedicated, hard-working individual with the  established inter-communications skills to work and interact productively within all levels of your organization.  • Hands-on Planning, organization, evaluation and day to day management of internal and external customers Network infrastructure and IT related areas of concern.   • Oversee internal and third-party support teams that assist in the management of the networks, IT security and software applications used.   • Manage IT staff by recruiting, training and coaching employees, communicating job expectations and appraising their performance.   • Ensure security of data, network access and backup systems.  • Act as liaison between organization's departments to facilitate clear lines of communications. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Managed Services Manager | Partner Fox IT Services - Costa Mesa, CA July 2017 to Present • Provide efficient and consistent level of service for all Fox IT customers, both internal and external.  • Manage Network Operations Center (NOC) providing service and support for Fox IT customers.  • Manage daily workflows, ensure team manages tickets in accordance with policies and   procedures, and certifying that staff are adhering to productivity standards and meeting service level objectives on key metrics.  • Communicate group requirements through written documents, visual and oral presentations.  • Manage the staffing model including shift coverage, regular coaching, feedback, training, and   professional development plans, work with HR on annual reviews and quarterly business goals.  • Participate in recruiting and maintaining of staff to meet required staffing levels.  • Provide hands-on operational and technical level 3 escalation support for delivery teams.  • Oversee the Managed Services team to deliver monthly operational metrics and continuous   improvement plans to demonstrate how we are managing the business, costs, and customer   satisfaction.  • Onboard new accounts into Fox IT Managed and Professional Services.  • Create and manage team budget.    Partial listing of Clients with multiple sites and various office and mobile user configurations included:  • Elite Slides, Inc.  • Silverlake Contractors  • Papageno Realty. Inc.  • Piedmont Investment Company II LLC  • Olsen Attorneys at Law IT Management Consultant Robert Half Technology | Salaried Professional Services - Irvine, CA January 2010 to Present • Provide IT Administration, consulting and Project Management support for Robert Half Technology’s Clients and internal staff  • Installation and configuration of software, hardware and network infrastructure components.  • Manage network servers and technology tools.  • Monitoring network systems performance and troubleshoot issues and outages.  • Manage security and efficiency of IT infrastructure through access controls, backups and firewalls.  • Administer databases, networks (LAN, WAN) and patch management.  • Identify and analyze customer requirements and business objectives.  • Help RHT customers develop and integrate IT solutions into their environments to increase  efficiency and productivity.  • Design and manage IT systems and networks ensuring the right architecture and functionality per customers specifications.  • Gather and coordinate internal and third parties/vendor resources for the successful completion of IT projects.  • Develop project scopes and objectives, involving all relevant stakeholders and ensuring technical feasibility.  • Develop a detailed project plan to track progress.  • Develop and implement project change Mgmt procedures.  • Measure project performance using appropriate systems, tools and techniques.  • Report and escalate any project concerns to all relevant parties during the life of the project.  • Manage the relationship with the client and all stakeholders to maintain across the board   communications.  • Perform risk management to minimize project risks.  • Establish and maintain relationships with third parties/vendors.  • Create and maintain comprehensive project documentation.  • Train users in the understanding and use of new and existing IT systems.  • Provide assistance with technical issues as follow up.  • Revise existing systems and suggest improvements.  • Produce reports and structured communications to the Robert Half Account Managers with   particular focus into opportunities to grow and/or enhance the services offered.    Partial List of RHT Client Projects:    Aegion Corp  Brinderson  Schultz   Harrington Mortgage  Parsons Engineering     Residential Design Services      Diocese of Orange      Sureprep      NCR      Quicksilver IT Manager Nissan Imperio Auto Group / Credimex Auto Finance - Irvine, CA October 2015 to July 2017 • Responsible for the implementation and management of Credimex - Cloud environment.   • Oversee and evaluate daily IT operations of both Credimex and Imperio organizations.  • Design, develop, implement policies and procedures that were modeled after ITIL methodologies.  • Ensure that IT security, network access, data and backup systems adhered to SOX and PCI   compliance.  • Created testing and performance protocols to ensure periodic compliance.  • Act in alignment with user requirements and system functionality to contribute to organizational policy.  • Manage staff through recruiting, training, mentoring and performance appraisal to reveal   opportunities for improvement.  • Identify areas of concern and implement timely and strategic solutions.  • Audit systems and assess their efficiency.  • Manage Departmental budget and ensure cost effectiveness the IT operating environment.    Career Highlights:  • Migrated to the Imperio Auto Group as the sole IT Manager of the multiple dealerships.  • Manage information technology components including Hardware / Software / Infrastructure of the dealerships.  • Directed the reconstruction of IT protocols and operating tools needed to properly support the user community.  • Completed the restructure of the multi-location WAN / LAN to meet with PCI compliance.  • Implemented a Voice over IP phone system across all the dealership locations.  • Reconstruction of the server rooms in all locations.  • Created and managed the IT portion of the Business Development Center at Credimex and later was responsible for the migration of the BDC units to their new locations at each of the Imperio dealerships.  • Setup and maintained a structured status reporting system between management, staff and the parent company Grupo AutoFin – Mexico.  • Ground up creation and implementation a Cloud Hosted infrastructure that supports the Credimex auto finance arm and dealerships of the organization.  • Converted traditional Server/Client network environment to a Cloud Based framework while   maintaining Industry compliance and efficiency.  • Created IT organizational protocols adhering to the Auto Loan Industry and ITIL Compliance.  • Planned, organized and deployed the IT implementation of centralized Business Development   Center which incorporates a full service VOIP network linking the dealerships.   • Transferred to the Imperio Auto Group as the IT Manager for all the Dealerships. Outsourced IT Administrator / Project Manager for multiple customers Jansta Consulting - Costa Mesa, CA May 2006 to October 2015 • Responsible for the hands-on Installation of newly processed and existing servers along with   configuration of hardware, peripherals, services, settings, directories, storage, etc. in accordance with standards and project/operational requirements.  • Maintained IT staff by recruiting, selecting, orienting, and training employees; maintaining a safe and secure work environment; developing personal growth opportunities.  • Performed and Supervised the Installation and configuration of systems that support the various clients across multiple genres of business.  • Tasked with guiding the IT staff in the development, installation, maintenance and configuration protocols.  • Contributed to and maintained client system standards as required by the customer.   • Researched and promoted innovative measures for possible automated approaches for system administration tasks.   • Identified approaches that leveraged effective resources and provided scalability for growth.  • Oversee remote and onsite monitoring of network performance by the IT teams, verifying the   integrity and availability of all hardware, server systems and key processes, review of system and application logs, and verifying completion of scheduled jobs such as backups.  • Supervised configuration and managed deployments of workstations, laptops, tablets and mobile devices based upon Windows XP through Windows 10, also Microsoft Office suites from 2003 through Office 365 by the IT Staff.  • Established configuration and installation protocols for servers from Windows Server 2003 through 2012, Active Directory. Exchange, SQL, and other third-party requirements to support their custom applications.  • Performed regularly scheduled security monitoring to identify any possible intrusions.  • Managed daily backup operations, ensuring all required file systems and system data are   successfully backed up to the appropriate locations, media and archive control.   • Responsible for administration requests for User Onboarding and add / change / delete requests.  • My daily administration included level 2 and level 3 Technical Support requests. This included the repair and recovery from hardware or software related failures.  • Application of OS patches and upgrades on a scheduled basis and upgraded administrative   services, tools and utilities as necessary.  • Design, implementation and daily administration of Encompass 360 Loan origination software.  • Performed periodic performance reporting to support capacity planning.  • Performed ongoing performance tuning, hardware upgrades, and resource optimization as required.  • Configure CPU, memory, and disk partitions as required.  • Maintained data center environmental monitoring equipment.    Career Highlights:  • Designed and directed the implementation of the original network (Active Directory / Exchange / Mortgage  Origination) environment for Home Life Mortgage and Casabanc Mortgage to support in-house and remote employees.  • Designed and implemented the merge of the Casabanc and the Home Life Mortgage networks.  • Designed and supervised the implementation of the network merge to facilitate working communications between Home Life Mortgage and newly created entity Virtue Escrow.  • Responsible for establishing centralized remote support protocols for multiple JC clients.  • Supervised the creation and implementation of standardized network performance monitoring protocols for multiple JC clients.    Responsibilities:  Partial listing of some of the Enterprise Level Clients with multiple sites and various office and mobile user configurations include:    • Home Life Mortgage  • Virtue Escrow  • Olson Homes  • CasaBanc Mortgage  • Metro Commercial Realty  • Telemac Communications  • Quicksilver IT Manager USCAD - Costa Mesa, CA April 2008 to September 2009 Responsibilities:  • My daily administration tasks included configuration and deployment of Windows based servers,  Workstations and Peripherals for Corporate office and remote training locations.  • Installation and maintenance of Anti-virus and Security applications across the USCAD networks was  one of my major tasks as Administrator.  • Maintained Microsoft Windows / MAC based operating systems and applications across USCAD  networks.  • Administered the AutoCAD environment for all of the USCAD offices and training sites.  • Responsible for the daily support of MS SQL based database applications.  • Daily MS Active Directory / Exchange systems administrator for all offices and training facilities.  • Managed the Installation and maintenance of backup applications in addition to Enterprise-wide backups on Daily, Weekly, Monthly schedule / Restoration testing on weekly basis with the use of various Backup  Solutions and bare metal restore.  • Performed in role of project management and vendor coordination of scheduled maintenance, updates and refresh of servers, workstations, laptops, printers / Mobile Devices and associated hardware /  software for local and remote sales / training offices  nd  • Provided both onsite and remote 2 / 3rd Level Help Desk support.  • Developed a Disaster Recovery methodology for corporate and remote training locations.  • Maintained an up to date inventory of all hardware / software / licensing.  • Caretaker of all network and user documentation.  • Took on the responsibility of research, creation and presentation of feasibility reports on the possible  implementation of technology.    Career Highlights:  • Created the server / workstation imaging process used company-wide which significantly increased the efficiency of Classroom prep for use and updating AutoCAD platform changes on user community  workstations in a timely manner.  • Successfully Reconstructed the Server Center at corporate office and updated Infrastructure  communications between offices.  • Assumed the role of architect / IT Manager in the Corporate-wide restructuring of training facilities and mobile training packages used for client on-site training. Outsourced IT Administrator / Project Manager KBA Solutions - Irvine, CA 2004 to 2006 Responsibilities:  • Daily Citrix Meta-Frame administration of Main office and remote environments.  • Configured and deployed Windows based Servers, Workstations and Peripherals.  • Supervised Installation and maintenance of Anti-virus and Security applications across the client networks.  • Performed installation and scheduled updating of Microsoft applications across client networks.  • One of my daily administration tasks included Supporting MS SQL based database applications.  • Processed daily administration of Active Directory / MS Exchange structures and databases.  • Enterprise wide backups on Daily, Weekly, Monthly schedule / Restoration testing on weekly basis with the use of various Backup Solutions and bare metal restore.  • Took on responsibility of performing scheduled maintenance and updates of servers, workstations,  laptops, Mobile Devices (Android, Blackberry, Apple) and associated hardware / software.  • Provided both onsite and remote 2 / 3rd Level Help Desk support to user community.  • Contributed to the development of Disaster Recovery methodology for corporate and remote offices.  • Maintained up to date inventory of all client's hardware / software / licensing.  • Responsible for the updating of all network and user documentation as needed.  • I coordinated Daily / Weekly / Monthly Status reporting to management.  • I researched, created and presented feasibility reports on the possible implementation of technology.    Career Highlights:  • Helped to establish centralized remote support protocols standards for multiple clients simultaneously.  • Contributed to the implementation of centralized Network monitoring and reporting for multiple clients across multiple projects.  • My administration duties included restructuring and implementing Backup / Recovery protocols for multiple clients. IT Administrator - Contractor - Part-Time West Coast Neuro-Diagnostics - Santa Ana, CA November 1999 to June 2003 • Hands on Planning, organization, evaluation and day to day management of internal and external customers Network infrastructure and IT related areas of concern.  • Oversee internal and third-party support teams that assist in the management of the networks, IT security and software applications used.  • Manage IT staff by recruiting, training and coaching employees, communicating job  expectations and appraising their performance.  • Ensure security of data, network access and backup systems.  • Act as liaison between organization's departments to facilitate clear lines of communication during day to day and project related IT initiatives. IT Administrator - Contractor - Part-Time OPEN ADVANTAGE MRI - Santa Ana, CA February 2000 to January 2003 • Daily Remote and onsite Management and Monitoring of LAN, reconfiguration of entire environment for custom applications, additional security and remote access. Instituted disaster recovery implementation.  • Instituted Site to Site MRI Imaging network for West Coast remote offices.  • Hands on Planning, organization, evaluation and day to day management. Network infrastructure and IT related areas of concern.   • Manage helpdesk and evaluate performance.  • Ensure proper IT user support services are timely and accurate on a daily basis.  • Set specific customer service standards.  • Establish best practices through the entire technical support process.  • Develop daily, weekly and monthly reports on helpdesk productivity.  • Oversee internal and third-party support teams that assist in the management of the networks, IT security and software applications used.  • Ensure security of data, network access and backup systems.  • Act as liaison between organization's departments to facilitate clear lines of communication during day to day and project related IT tasks. Outsourced IT Administrator / Senior Project Manager for multiple customers Pacific Blue Micro - Irvine, CA February 2000 to November 2001 • Gathered and coordinated internal and third parties/vendor resources for the successful completion of IT projects.  • Ensured resource availability and allocation.  • Ensured that all projects were delivered on-time, within scope and within budget.  • Developed project scopes and objectives, involving all relevant stakeholders and ensuring technical feasibility.  • Developed detailed project plans to track progress.  • Developed and enforced appropriate process protocols to manage and communicate changes in project scope, schedule and costs.  • Measured project performance by using appropriate systems, tools and techniques.  • Reported and escalated issues and concerns as needed to management.  • Managed the relationship with the clients and all stakeholders to maintain across the board  communications.  • Performed risk management to minimize project risks.  • Established and maintained relationships with third parties/vendors.  • Created and maintained comprehensive project documentation. Education Vendor Certifications - Microsoft / Cisco in IT SEA College of Business & Technology - Brea, CA September 2003 to November 2004 Skills Office 365 Admin (6 years), Windows server 2008 (9 years), Windows server 2012 (5 years), Symantec Endpoint Admin (9 years), Windows 7 (9 years), Windows 8 (6 years), Windows 10 (3 years), IT Project Management (10+ years), IT Service Management (8 years), System Administration (10+ years), IT Management (8 years), IT Consulting (10+ years), IT Help Desk (8 years), Active Directory (10+ years), VMware ESXi (5 years), Hyper-V (3 years), Salesforce(CRM) (4 years), Klipfolio(ERP) (3 years), Backup / Disaster Recovery (10+ years), Amazon Web Services Cloud (4 years) Certifications/Licenses A+ July 2004 to September 2007 Additional Information Operating Systems: Active Directory / Windows Server 2003 / 2008 / 2008 R2 / 2012 / 2016 VMware ESXi / Hyper-V / Hosted and Self- Hosted Virtual Networks     Microsoft Office: XP / 2003 / 2007 / 2010 / 365 / Sharepoint / Project / Visio / Exchange 2007 / 2010 / 2013    Networking: Ethernet / IP / TCP / HTTP / FTP / SMTP / DNS / IIS / SNMP / NAT / POP3 / IMAP VPN / VLAN / LAN / WAN / NetBIOS, Wi-Fi     Hardware: Dell / HP / Lenovo / Cisco / Fortinet / Sonicwall / Netgear / Cisco    Anti-Virus: Symantec Endpoint Enterprise / McAfee Enterprise     Productivity: Adobe Cloud / Ellie Mae Encompass 360 / CDK and Reynolds DMS / Eleads CRM / Salesforce(CRM) / Klipfolio(ERP) / AWS    Backup / Disaster Recovery: Symantec Backup - Recovery suites / Acronis Backup - Recovery    Compliance: ITIL / HIPAA-164.308 - 164.310 - 164.312 / SOX-302 - 404 / PCI