IT Project, Construction Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span>, Construction <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project, Construction Manager Albuquerque, NM Proven Senior Scrum Master over twenty years. Implemented new software packages. Managed the Help Desk. Led  all Facilities Maintenance in the US NAVY and Civilian sectors for 28 years. Eager to learn and apply new  technologies. Implemented the Continuous Improvement methods increasing output and saving the bottom line.  Focused on applying my various strengths to produce the best products for our stakeholders and clients to produce  the most quality brand on the market. Utilizing Scrum Leadership, Lean Sigma, and Continuous Improvements  skills will an asset to the organization. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project, Construction Manager Utilities and Facilities August 1994 to Present • Visionary, Inventor, Problem Solver, Relentless Cost Champion, Captain of the Ship  • Wrote SOPs for Preventative Maintenance and Repairs for all Utilities and Facilities.  • Submitted all Facilities work orders via Maximo for the technicians.  • Implemented Maximo that documented all work performed on site.  • Researched via Maximo reports to present finding to management.  • Maximo archives were presented to the State of New Mexico and EPA when requested.  • SAP was used to track parts and consumables used on equipment.  • Led construction of on all ground semi-conductor manufacturing clean rooms.  • Led the logistics for every detail of the 900,000 square ft 500 M project.  • Installed and Commissioned all equipment myself, saving time and money.  • Trained Junior Project Managers to communicate update, while running other projects.  • Saved millions of dollars by brainstorming and applying Six Sigma Methods.  • Agile Methodologies, Oversaw multiple projects 350 sub-contractors.  • Personally installed robotics and equipment, to train personnel.  • Removed bottlenecks to streamline product process, increased output by 63% in one quarter,  • Executed new Standard Operating Procedures for operations and maintenance.  • Implemented, Rebuilding over trash, Saved $153 M in one year.  • Implemented Goals, Shocking Managers when employees produced 2.5 normal output.  • Challenge the old ways, focus on Continuous Improvement, to crush competition.  • Wrote SOPs for Preventative Maintenance and Repairs for all Utilities and Facilities.  • Submitted all Facilities work orders via Maximo for the technicians.  • Implemented Maximo that documented all work performed on site.  • Researched via Maximo reports to present finding to management.  • Maximo archives were presented to the State of New Mexico and EPA when requested. Education Certificate New Horizons Computer Learning Center - Albuquerque, NM April 2018 to November 2018 Bachelor of Information Technology in Project Management coursework National American University 2012 Skills Active Directory (Less than 1 year), AWS (Less than 1 year), Backup/Recovery (Less than 1 year), Black Belt (Less than 1 year), career development (Less than 1 year), Estimating, budget, maintenance, Outlook, Scheduling, Scrum Master, Scrum, CSM, Jira, Agile Scrum, Certified Scrum Master, PM, PMP, Kanban Additional Information PROFESSIONAL SKILLSET    Management:    • Scrum Master Product Manager  • Construction Lead  • Experienced in staff training and career development  • Effective communicator across all levels of management  • Six Sigma Black Belt Lean Expert  • Maximo Expert, Troubleshooting, Repair, Preventative Maintenance Scheduling    Technical Skills:  Operating Systems: Mac OS, Ubuntu/Kali, Windows 7/8.1/10, Windows Server 2008/2012 R2  Programming Languages: SQL, PHP, JavaScript, Swift, Python, Active Directory, HTML5, Bamboo  Network Technologies: Network Mapping, Traffic Analysis, LAN/WAN, Wireless, SNMP, AWS, Azure  Security: Cryptography, Malware Analysis, VPN, Honeypots, Firewall, Protocols, Backup/Recovery  Plan, Social Engineering, NMAP, Hardening, Nessus, Wireshark Kali, CFI: CISSP, CISA  Hardware: Computers, Laptops, Printers, Faxes, VoIP, Mobile Devices, Switches, Routers, Hubs