Senior Project Manager Senior <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Technical Project Manager Performance driven project manager with twenty years of project management, engineering, sales and product development experience. Proficient in areas of execution, stakeholder communication, team management and unique product development. Work Experience Senior Project Manager Kaiser Permanente - Pleasanton, CA March 2019 to Present    Currently responsible for directing 2 Large scale Agile scrum squads to deliver multiple web projects to improve the functionalities for searching and identifying physicians and facility locations for respective part of kp.org’s website.  This entails leading the team in estimating/slotting/delivery and reportingstatus of existing/new projects.  This encompasses identifying risks/dependencies with many different downstream/upstream teams to plan out a roadmap to get said projects delivered into Production.     In addition, I am driving discovery/planning with multiple teams toupdate and migrate the Business Consumer Portal from older Web platform to new Adobe Experience Manager platform. Working with in-house and consulting teams to help outline the project’s deliverables/resources/timeline based on Product teams updatedVision and Scope. Technical Project Manager Bank of the West May 2017 to December 2018 Managed 3 separate IT projects/teams within the "Know Your Customer"(KYC) program. Program objective was to manage transmission/structure of data within banking architecture to fulfill requirements set by US/foreign regulatory units that would then accurately identify, monitor and risk assign existing clients and onboarding new clients. Responsible for managing/execution of project plans, status communication to executive mgmt., status meetings with onshore/offshore teams, mitigating/identifying of risks/issues, budget and deployments to non-prod/production environments.  Major Accomplishments/ Projects:  • Took over and led $2M project to create new front-end application to onboard new/legacy customers and risk evaluate said customers. Worked directly with Product Owners/Dev. team to manage efficient development of front end UI. Change request approved data remediation effort to bring over existing data to new environment was added near end of project.  • Led $1M+ project to align KYC records with Master Data Application(MDM) system and provide data consolidation/remediation to effectively monitor/screen/validate customers. Coordinated with upstream/downstream systems to make sure existing transmission/storing of data does not break existing functionality.  • Led $1M+ infrastructure project to upgrade existing Oracle database appliances to improve performance necessary to meet SLA response times provided by business. Project included building new environments needed for each teams non-Production/Production environments. Entailed communicating and aligning project schedules with >10 different business lines to coordinate the upgrade for all affected environments. Senior IT Project Manager Blue Shield of California November 2016 to April 2017 As senior PM responsible for managing project plans, status communication to executive mgmt., status meetings with internal and external teams, mitigating and escalating risks/issues. Worked with each individual IT group to identify resources/tasks and timetables. Worked with business teams to outline requirements for existing data marts/extracts/interfaces to make sure functionality would be there once they go live.  Major Accomplishments/ Projects:  • Leading multiple complex projects remediating applications/files on Netezza platform before retirement of HP Rosetta servers. Managed (2) $2M+ work streams projects that have high profile within the IT portfolio.  ? First work stream consisted of managing migration of 3 data marts to new locations and remediation of source data from old to new data marts. Also consisted of remediating any extracts or interfaces related to older data mart.  ? Second work stream is managing recreation of vendor extracts by retargeting of source data from old data marts to newly built data marts/dimensional warehouse. New platform was developed in mind to quickly create new extracts that could be quickly developed once new vendors were brought on board by Sales team. Project Manager Bank of the West - BIDM CCAR Group April 2015 to October 2016 Responsible for managing complex projects involving significant internal and/or external resources within an assigned group (BIDM - CCAR). The BIDM team; grew from less than 50 employees at the beginning of the year to over 200 currently. Communicated to executive leadership on the progress of several projects I managed as well as maintained individual project plans for each project. Managed projects that dealt with Data Quality, Data Remediation, integration of new systems of records to document development & control.  Major Accomplishments/ Projects:  • Managed $2M dollar program around Remediation of data to Electronic Data Warehouse and then mapping to CCAR Data mart. Responsible for managing the work with the different lines of businesses (LOB), banking groups and vendors sources under the US banking organization as new projects were initiated and moved through the SDLC lifecycle. Team comprised 15+ individuals consisting of ETL developers/leads, Data Modelers and Business Analysts. Successfully delivered 4 major releases of code to production that enhanced our schedule submission to the FRB with each iterative release that ultimately culminated in passing the Fed CCAR stress test.  • Proactively managed the creation of several functional/design documents for rapidly growing organization. Improved change control processes for managing documentation updates as new software releases were deployed. Business Intelligence Project Manager Birst, Inc October 2013 to February 2015 Directed 8-10 external implementation projects simultaneously utilizing Agile PM methodologies. Provided leadership during each phase of the project while controlling scope, managing budget and communicating with internal/external teams. Developed customized project plans after understanding scope, time restraints, resource allocation, product roadmap and risks. Communicated with internal departmental organizations to provide effective insight as well as delivery of enhancements to product roadmap. Provided business analysts insights into different verticals (Retail, Finance, Online, etc.) during discovery process with clients; created wire-framing mockups for clients. Managed risk by tracking and resolving issues on a daily basis. Communicated to senior management(internal/external) on the status of projects as well as managed change requests with clients. The global implementation projects I managed ranged in size from $100k to $300k.  Major Accomplishments/ Projects:  • Led the development of several external BI projects for OEM(Birst application integrated within clients application) clients that have gone into production.  • Led Discovery sessions with clients outlining mockups to help with determining value and making decisions.  • Reignited interest in project that I took over that was half a year delay and obtained 6-figure up-sell deal for additional work.  • Identified several process holes between the Service and Accounting department, which led to improved time and expense management processes for Fixed fee and T&M projects. Manager of Project/Product Development One Mobile Tool, Inc June 2011 to October 2013 tartup working on Digital Mobile development)    Developed road map for creation of the company's hybrid HTML5/native mobile app capabilities. Developed requirements to expand capabilities of company's tools and applications based on market research and customer request. Performed PM duties to keep application development on schedule and within budget. Managed multiple QA and agile development processes with overseas development team (Norway/China) on iOS/Android applications for enterprise clients. Worked with clients and developers to produce wireframes for apps and screen transitions.  Major Accomplishments/ Projects:  • Worked on IPhone/IPad app that was spotlighted in iTunes and at the time was one of the largest corporate informational apps.  • Led development and implementation of a Field Sales enablement IPhone app that was launched to our client's 15K global sales team.  • Developed requirements for IOS/Android Partner enablement app that was rolled out to partners of Symantec's. Sales Engineer/ Project Manager Motion Control Engineering, Inc December 2003 to June 2011 Elevator Control System Manufacturer    Led the product development process (gathering data, define product vision, prioritizing requirements, etc.) for several key new software/hardware products that changed company's product profile. Using a Waterfall methodology managed the process groups (Initiating to Closing) for variety of projects associated with NPI. Supported a regional sales team of 20 that managed the company's global sales. Negotiated pricing on company's products with customers as well as the sourcing of material components from vendors. Trained engineering and sales staff on company's growing list of product lines and their order process.    Major Accomplishments/ Projects:  • Guided the team that spanned 3 companies (International & Domestic) to release a product, which met the introductory sales goal of $500,000 in 2007. In 2008 the project doubled its gross revenue to $1M. Created main guideline with processes for each team member's functional group to implement the custom ordering and design of new product. Managed change order process for improvements to original design.  • Managed (scope/timeline/integration/testing) of custom sales costing program in SAP to speed up delivery and improve performance of delivering sales quotations to customers and partners. Engineer Motion Control Engineering, Inc July 1998 to December 2003 Elevator Control System Manufacturer    Designed & created schematics of controller layouts, circuit board connections and job site wiring with the AutoCAD program based on custom requirements submitted by elevator contractors. Developed new feature sets with software designers to create customized software/hardware interfaces. Managed multiple concurrent projects, each with a variety of custom design features. Monitored and controlled elevator controller projects in SAP R3 module PP (Production Planning). Education MBA in Technology Management University of California - Davis, CA 2011 Bachelor of Science in Electrical & Electronic Engineering California State University 1998 Skills Estimating, budget, Outlook, maintenance, Scheduling Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/albertdemelo Additional Information IT Skills  Programming experience with: C++, JavaScript, HTML, XML, CSS, Objective C(Xcode)    Operating Systems: Windows , Apple OS  Software experience with: MS Office Professional (Word, Excel, PowerPoint), MS Project '10/13, Sharepoint, Birst, SalesForce (PSA), CAPPM, Cisco WebEx, TeamWork PM, AutoCad, Adobe (Acrobat, Photoshop, InDesign), Jira/Confluence, SAP, Minitab and SPSS