Regional Program Manager Regional Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> Regional Program Manager - BT Americas, Inc Atlanta, GA Work Experience Regional Program Manager BT Americas, Inc 2016 to Present • Accordingly leading regional transformation projects in Americas, project will produce millions dollar savings with integrated voice and data solutions globally.  • Manages multiple engagements with internal IT, demanding and diverse business customers, and multiple layers of 3rd party providers  • Acts as team's interface to IT and Business Partners; develops/maintains strong relationship with vendor teams and vendor management.  • Measured effectiveness of change management activities including communication  • Responsible for overall planning and coordination for regional portfolio  • Executed successful deployment of Pulse network in AWS cloud for 1000+ users.  • Managed transformation projects in America's for several key clients financial and manufacturing clients.  • Successfully managed and worked with cross-functional teams in high matrix environments.  • Advanced level understanding of SIP, RTP, RTCP and related telephony protocols/standards  • At least 2 years of experience in managing the configuration and provisioning of Cisco Call Manager, Unity, IOS Gateway and CUSP (Cisco Unified Sip Proxy - SIP PROXY)  • Demonstrated experience with design, implementation and maintenance of VoIP solutions in enterprise environments, especially Avaya systems, Cisco Call Manager/Unity VoIP systems.  • Established knowledge of the practices and principles of telecommunication systems analysis, planning, design, and problem resolution  • Experience with complex application functionality in terms of network ports, protocols and services and understanding potential performance impacts based on application design and complex network design  • Experience with the following voice technologies - IP Telephony, Call Center infrastructure and applications, Voice Mail, Video and Audio Conference and Call Accounting.  • Improving productivity through an enhanced user experience deploying click to dial and additional call reporting    Professional Experience (continued) Senior Project Manager (Tech Mahindra Consultant) ATT Business Services, Inc 2012 to 2015 • Lead software lifecycle in the Cloud Realization group, manage multiple projects simultaneously, and spearhead cross-functional teams that add to organizational efficiencies.  • Execute detailed project documentation, including project timelines, leadership status reports, presentations, issues logs, and meeting minutes.  • Collaborate with clients on goals, tools, strategy, and best practices for software development.  • Spearhead internal and external communications to internal team members, implemented change management, reduced network latency issues, and provided increased response times.  • Create and implement an on-boarding process for the vendor management system.  • Successfully maintain SharePoint sites with detailed project documentation. Engineering Manager ATT Mobility 2012 to 2012 • Led 3G engineering teams' schedules and implementation of cell tower upgrades and downgrades, along with assisting in LTE projects within the Atlanta metro area.  • Evaluated projects, verifying impacts to project timelines, and management of project scope.  • Executed action plans to address delays to minimize the impact to project completion.  • Served as a leader and mentor to project team members, ensuring clarity and expectations.  • Created and implemented project timelines, meeting minutes, escalations, jeopardy notifications, and action items. Updated documentation and guidelines as needed.  • Provided regular project updates to internal and external project stakeholders. Project Manager III GE Energy and Aviation Services - Technical Services Group 2011 to 2012 • Led internal workgroups and resource allocations, ensuring that project budgets were aligned with organizational goals, averaging $4M, along with overseeing project scope consistency.  • Managed multiple projects simultaneously throughout the world, including the Americas, UK, and Algeria. Managed resources, collaborated with sourcing, and maintained schedules.  • Drove a $1M technical refresh project for the nuclear business division, defining processes for future technology refreshes.  • Executed firewall implementations, analyzing networking traffic, coordinating a lockdown policy, improving network security, and deployment of technical solutions.  • Managed global infrastructures, including project planning, developing requirements, and documentation, scheduling, communication, and issue resolution.  • Collaborated on third party vendor installations for video network implementations.  • Gathered business analysis duties to gather preliminary requirements to work toward project-end solution network and RCDD engineers and project team. IT Project Manager Sprint - Business Service Group 2000 to 2009 • Organized and led 15+ IT projects with circuit and hardware installation, acted as a liaison between internal and external clients, and oversaw provisioning and equipment vendors.  • Created an escalation path to reduce delays, simplifying processes and enhancing efficiencies.  • Oversaw complex projects, including milestones, pre-sales RFP advisement, as well as post-sales turn-up scheduling, and first invoice billing.  • Successfully managed data and wireless products, including VoIP, Sprintlink Frame Relay, Frame Relay, Dedicated IP services, DSL, 3G, and 4G products.  • Gained significant knowledge of voice services, including T1, T3, DSL, X.25, SIP trucking, and Frame Relay services.  • Ensured timely local loop delivery, escalating issues as needed to iLEC and CLEC providers. Education Master of Business Administration in Business Administration Walden University - Atlanta, GA 2018 Bachelor's in International Business and Marketing American Intercontinental University - Atlanta, GA Project Management Certificate Clayton State University - Morrow, GA Certifications/Licenses Scrum Master