Program Manager Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> Program Manager - TECHMAHINDRA AMERICAS Marietta, GA SUMMARY    Dynamic IT professional with 15 years of progressive experience in directing complex, high dollar projects, developing strategies and leading and motivating high performance teams to advance key initiatives. Adept at cultivating partnerships and building lasting relationships across all business sectors. Excels at identifying and solving issues, meeting deadlines and effectively executing plans. Specialized knowledge in scrum development, product backlog grooming, steering project vision and utilizing broad knowledge scope to consistently surpass business goals, improve operations and drive profitability.    Strategic Planning • Leadership • Process Improvement • Team Building • Project Execution  Cross-Functional Team Leadership • Client Relations • Technical Management • Communications  Risk & Change Management • Project Specifications • Vendor Relations • Systems Management • Integrations Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Program Manager TECHMAHINDRA AMERICAS - Atlanta, GA 2015 to Present Responsible for delivery of Sales/Service Cloud Professional Services to General Electric (multiple business units). Managed peak program size of 140+ FTEs. Single Point of Contact (SPOC) for multiple multi-million dollar projects for different GE businesses. Strategic team member for projects from Project Charters/Launches to Project Closures Sr. IT Project Manager (for General Electric) TECHMAHINDRA AMERICAS - Atlanta, GA 2011 to Present Lead as the Cloud CRM Project Manager to drive multifaceted projects for GE Commercial and Service organizations, covering e-Commerce, CRM, Configuration, Inquiry to Order (ITO) / Order to Remittance (OTR) hand off and Service. Steer integration of CRM with external systems, such as: ERPs, quoting tools, and field service tools. Oversee project scoping and definition through to successful project execution. Seamlessly lead and coordinate diverse global matrixed project teams while simultaneously executing plans and enabling business process re-engineering. Drive strategic planning, product backlog grooming, design, scrum development, operation and control for applications in the Commercial space by continuously providing leadership and project level management. Adeptly support business requirements gathering and reusable design methodology, including integrations, interfaces and data flows as well as documentation of technical complex ideas.    Selected Achievements:  • Project Managed delivery of a single global Service platform for all Healthcare Digital businesses (from 7 global CRM platforms) with alignment to standard ITIL best practices, customer requirements, and Digital services delivery strategy.  • Steered Agile Transformation of O&G Commercial IT Team as one of the contributors of Agile Transformation from Waterfall resulting in impacting multiple teams in decreasing time to value (TtV) to minimum of one week and for the majority one month.  • Enabled O&G to be the first GE business to use Salesforce.com for real-time QMI reporting by effectively managing delivery of opportunity management functionality.  • Delivered multi-million dollar projects on-time, on-budget, and as-requested by business partners by managing scrum ceremonies, issue resolution and communication across project execution teams.  • Successfully led multiple integrations of SFDC with external systems, launch of Partner Relationship Management module - collaborating and bringing together people from multiple functions.  • Expertly managed the successful completion of multiple $1 million+ projects.  • Ensure ongoing delivery and operational support of high quality, cost effective solutions through effective management of supplier relationships.    Tools & Technologies Used: Salesforce.com; BigMachines; WebMethods, Informatica, Oracle ERP, Project tools, Visio. Senior IT Manager HISPANIC SCHOLARSHIP FUND - San Francisco, CA 2006 to 2010 Skillfully evaluated emerging technologies and implemented technical solutions compatible with HSF's business needs and strategic objective for one of the nation's leading organizations supporting Hispanic higher education (www.hsf.net). Led IS management across departments and multiple locations, including managing vendors, directing staff reports, such as: Systems Administrator, Database Administrators, Systems Analyst and Webmaster. Proficiently implemented and administered Salesforce CRM solution, LAN/ WAN, Exchange, LCS/OCS and SharePoint collaboration and messaging tools, Web based tools for different systems, IP Telephony, Document Management System.    Selected Achievements:  • Successfully managed a key CRM implementation, including integration of multiple systems resulting in giving HSF a complete view of its stakeholders - students, parents, scholarship applicants, alumni, donors and partners.  • Effectively established a multifaceted computer network infrastructure spread across 15 US cities.  • Significantly increased application starts by 400% through implementing a conversion of paper based scholarship application system to electronic scholarship application system.  • Substantially reduced expenses, increased efficiency and decreased scholarship application processing time by implementing a Document Management System. IT Manager BAY AREA RESCUE MISSION - Richmond, CA 2003 to 2006 Oversaw requirements gathering, documentation, and configuration of Salesforce.com for Case Management and database administration of Raiser's Edge CRM System for one of the largest rescue missions in the San Francisco Bay Area providing emergency shelter, meals, recovery programs, education, job skills training, transitional services, food pantry and resource distribution. Adeptly managed a diverse IT department, network administration, database administration for Raiser's Edge Donor History System, Desktop Support and website maintenance of www.BayAreaRescue.org.    Selected Achievements:  • Strategically established computer network infrastructure spanning 4 sites to effectively facilitate resource sharing and enhance communication and efficiency.  • Successfully migrated from Novell to Windows platform as well as from Exchange 2003 to Google Apps.  • Tactically implemented Salesforce.com CRM for Client Management and Case Management.    Tools & Technologies Used: Windows 2003; Exchange 2003; Google Apps, Salesforce.com CRM; Raiser's Edge Donor Relationship Management System; Terminal Services and VPN remote access technologies; SQL Server 2005; Symantec Backup Exec; Managed EndPoint Protection; Cisco firewalls and routers; Adobe Go-live/Dreamweaver/HTML; Java Scripting; Google APIs. Systems Analyst BELLAIRE CHRISTIAN ACADEMY - Bellaire, TX 2002 to 2003 Education Master of Science in (MS), Management Information Systems University of Houston MBA Andhra University