Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Technical Project Manager Los Angeles, CA Senior Project Manager - Wells Fargo Present  Senior Project Manager - Toyota Financial Services 2014- 2015  IT Project Manager - Bank of America, Dallas, TX. 2009- 2013  Project Manager - Wachovia, a Wells Fargo Bank, San Antonio, TX. 2003- 2008  Senior Programmer Analyst - Marquette Group, Peoria, IL. 1999 -2003  Programmer Computer SI Corporation, Norwalk, CT. 1998 -1999 Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager Wells Fargo April 2017 to Present Worked on various initiatives as part of compliance efforts within Community banking to cleanup /update legacy software, tools. Project Manager - Setting up offshore model 2015 to 2017 Working on establishing an offshore team for software development projects in India. Provided implementation oversight, established policies and procedures and continuous process improvement for business growth.  ? Oversaw the development of mobile application projects. Project Manager Toyota Financial Services - Los Angeles, CA 2014 to 2015 Software Uplift - Worked with the Business Intelligence team to uplift Data warehousing and Reporting needs  ? Led discussions around data storage, data movement and other supporting areas.  ? Strong knowledge of SQL/RDBMS technologies and ETL tools  ? Managed the design and build of data transformation, conversion and validation via Informatica  ? Led extensive project planning and estimation sessions to plan the activities from Design through delivery for a phased approach on a multi-million dollar initiative. IT Project Manager Bank of America 2010 to 2013 Application migration - Worked on the insurance divestiture for Bank of America  ? Was the lead Project Manager in conducting JAD sessions to review existing application architecture and design of 100+ applications and modernized them as required.  ? Led architecture design review sessions with the application teams to procure hundreds of servers, understand storage and monitoring capabilities, DR, clustering, Firewall and MQ messaging needs.  ? Worked with legal, risk and compliance to set up 500+ network connections across firewall between the two companies and to establish policies and security. Delivered high quality results with zero errors.  Web application enhancement -  ? Managed a project to add new insurance products to existing work flows - requirements gathering, design, test and deployment of the new product.  ? Proactively managed geographically disperse team to complete the project on time while working on concurrent projects.  ? Enhancements/ bug fixes were made to .NET applications with SQL Server backend.  ? Responsible for high level timeline, budget and project progress updates to all key stake holders. Led the effort to build credibility, establish rapport and maintain communication with the stakeholders at multiple levels within the bank.    Lotus Notes conversion to .NET / Share point -  ? Converted 150+ Lotus Notes databases to MS Exchange, .NET and Share point site along with restoring legacy data on the cloud.  ? Worked with various teams to migrate the databases between domains and to establish policies and security.  ? .NET applications were written in C# and SQL Server. Project Manager for Mobile Application University of Incarnate Word - San Antonio, TX 2009 to 2009 Student Registration System -  Managed a project to build a mobile application for students to register for classes -  ? Worked to document and analyze user requirements and use cases  ? Managed the application development process from planning and analysis to design, coding and delivery. Also, managed development effort estimation and testing. Project Manager PMO group - Wachovia, a Wells Fargo Bank - San Antonio, TX 2004 to 2008 Application migration - Worked on the following merger initiative between World Savings Bank and Wachovia  Directed business activities related to the Mortgage organization for the migration of applications from one data center to another that included the following tasks - Procurement of hardware; Conducted feasibility study to migrate stand-alone applications to VM Ware; Created processes for migrating applications used by multiple business units; Coordinated efforts with disaster recovery and monitoring teams; Managed software tools conversion such as Autosys;  ? Adapted Project Management Methodology (PMBOK) and Agile in managing projects  ? Coordinated efforts related to the retirement of 100+ legacy SQL Server databases;  ? Reviewed and gathered requirements for the migration of 30+ Financial applications and their dependencies  ? Managed quality control by ensuring that the project teams adhered to SDLC standards by assisting and reviewing project artifacts  ? Managed project budgets up to $3 million    Lead Programmer - Workflow Re-engineering of DotNet Application  Implemented an in-house customization for a commercial-off-the-shelf workflow for the Loans originations group in the Mortgage division that included the following tasks -  ? Led the development of requirements, documents gathering and schedule management  ? Led 16-person team through entire project life cycle from requirements gathering to project    Lead Programmer - Audit and Fraud Detection Tool in ASP.NET  Led the business analysis, solutions design, and development of an Audit and Fraud Detection Tool for the Bank's Intranet that supported all the branches nationwide. Involved in implementing agile methodology for faster delivery of the product.  ? Lead data analyst in business requirements gathering through client and user interviews, with participants from cross-functional business units. Helped in the release management of software between various deployment environments.  ? Lead data analyst for the development of fraudulent activity tracking and logging database. Involved in data migration from MS Access to MS SQL Server.    Sr. ASP.NET Programmer - Workflow Software Upgrade for Loan Servicing  Worked as a lead developer with the software upgrade and customization of an in-house loans servicing workflow product that resulted in the following tasks -  ? Successful implementation led to reduced processing time and operating costs by 20% approximately;  ? Directed the integration of several smaller applications that were spread across multiple business entities ASP.NET Programmer Analyst Marquette Group - Peoria, IL 1999 to 2003 Worked as a full stack developer designing and developing software in .NET. Hands on programmer who managed and maintained the project throughout the software development lifecycle of three-tier architecture based web portals that supported the generation of $1M in annual revenue to the company. Example portals include: www.tempstardlr.com, www.heildlr.com, and www.comfortmakerdlr.com Education Master of Science in Applied Computer Science Illinois State University 2003 Bachelor of Engineering in (Scrum Alliance) - Id Bharathiar University 1997 Skills SQL (10+ years), .NET (9 years), C# (4 years), ETL (1 year), EXTRACT, TRANSFORM, AND LOAD (1 year) Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) Scrum Master Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  Software - MS Project, JIRA, Confluence, C#, .NET, MS SQL, ETL tools, AWS, HTML, Web Services  Software Methodologies - Agile, Scrum and Waterfall  Familiar with iOS and Android development