IT Service Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Service <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Service Manager - TSYS Surprise, AZ • A strategic leader with an established record of success creating and leading IT Service Management (ITSM) organizations.  • Proven track record of improving service operations by implementing ITIL industry best practices (Incident, Problem, Event, Asset, Configuration, Change, Release, Knowledge)  • Execute and ensure integration of ITSM best practice areas align to overall organizational, and IT goals and objectives.  • Established data driven methodologies to complete gap analysis, create meaningful metrics and reports while driving continual service improvement.  • Demonstrated interpersonal skills that influence executive management and cross functional teams while maintaining accountability for major business initiatives.   • Effectively manage relationships with 3rd party vendors, business and IT leaders throughout the organization including communication plans with C-level leaders and key stakeholders.   • Recognized in motivating, training, and mentoring human resources to reach their full potential and accomplish their individual goals.  • Well versed in application and administration of IT Service Management Tools; BMC Remedy, Service Now, IBM Control Desk and JIRA.  • Advanced knowledge of SQL Server, Tableau, MS Project, Visio, Access, Excel, PowerPoint, and Word. Work Experience IT Service Manager TSYS - Tempe, AZ January 2019 to Present • Develop, implement, and maintain internal change management policies, procedures and operational guidelines according to ITIL best practices.  • Conduct Change Advisory Board (CAB) meetings. Actively participate in Change Control Meetings and provide change management insight and expertise to influence decisions and next steps.  • Implemented Continual Service Improvement model to improve processes and reduce costs through development of a metrics strategy to measure CSF's/KPI's of the change management process. Service Operations Manager Goldman Sachs & Co - Salt Lake City, UT January 2015 to November 2018 • Responsible for management of risk through governance and leadership of global release, change, incident, and problem management.  • Responsible for Tactical Command and Control of major global incidents, including communication up to C-Level leaders.  • Developed and implemented global Problem Management tools and processes to help shift the organizational culture from reactive to proactive while simultaneously reducing costs.  • Modified ITSM tools to ensure efficient categorization of issues, incidents, changes, releases, and problems while producing meaningful data analytics/reports. FAMILY LEAVE OF ABSENCE - Salt Lake City, UT May 2018 to October 2018 Provide support and care to terminally ill Mother. Consulting Manager MSS Technologies - Phoenix, AZ February 2018 to May 2018 • Deliver and manage the completion of quality work products for client projects and engagements.  • Provide project leadership to teams consisting of MSS, client, and third parties.  • Support business development and sales efforts related to ITSM/ITIL industry experience.  • Educate, mentor and develop MSS assigned project consultants on the value of robust IT Service Management processes, best practices and tools. IT Project Manager Unisys - Hill AFB, UT February 2013 to January 2015 • Project manager and liaison between Defense Information Systems Agency (DISA), 3rd party private contractors and Department of Defense (DoD) organizations.  • Interfaced extensively with senior civilian management and military commanders on business, systems, and technical solutions.  • Strengthened relationships between DISA, DOD and 3rd party vendors to focus on moving forward and improving project deliverables.  • Improved the quality of IT services by implementing policies, procedures and best practices for Service Transition and Operational Support.  • Managed a team of team of 12 government civilians and private contractors. Senior Manager, Systems Support Beachbody.com - Santa Monica, CA September 2011 to February 2013 • Created and documented department policies, procedures, for all ITIL Service Management lifecycles and best practices.  • Interfaced directly with CIO, business leaders, and product owners to communicate project objectives and communication plans.  • Project manager for implementation of ITSM processes and functions leveraging ITIL best practices.  • Led project for implementation of Service Now CMDB.  • Responsible for overall Service Desk, Production Support and NOC activities. Manager, Operations & Support HOT TOPIC, INC - Industry, CA June 2005 to August 2011 • Created and led companywide operational and support activities reporting directly to CIO.  • Started Production Support and Network Operations Center departments from the ground up.  • Created Service Portfolios and Service Level Requirement packages.  • Implemented IT solutions and SLA's for Six (6) business units, two (2) US distribution centers, and 900 stores.  • Developed service management policies, procedures, and workflows to support all applications.  • Provided mentoring leadership, direction, guidance to three teams comprised of 25 dedicated professionals, system analysts, engineers and NOC Technicians.  • Recognized by product owners, organization leaders and senior leadership as a product champion. Education Bachelor of Science University of Utah - Salt Lake City, UT Skills Customer Service, Strategic Planning Additional Information • A strategic leader with an established record of success creating and leading IT Service Management (ITSM) organizations.  • Proven track record of improving service operations by implementing ITIL industry best practices (Incident, Problem, Event, Asset, Configuration, Change, Release, Knowledge)  • Execute and ensure integration of ITSM best practice areas align to overall organizational, and IT goals and objectives.  • Established data driven methodologies to complete gap analysis, create meaningful metrics and reports while driving continual service improvement.  • Demonstrated interpersonal skills that influence executive management and cross functional teams while maintaining accountability for major business initiatives.  • Effectively manage relationships with 3rd party vendors, business and IT leaders throughout the organization including communication plans with C-level leaders and key stakeholders.  • Recognized in motivating, training, and mentoring human resources to reach their full potential and accomplish their individual goals.  • Well versed in application and administration of IT Service Management Tools; BMC Remedy, Service Now, IBM Control Desk and JIRA.  • Advanced knowledge of SQL Server, Tableau, MS Project, Visio, Access, Excel, PowerPoint, and Word.