Professional Services Program Manager/ Project Manager Professional Services Program <span class="hl">Manager</span>/<span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Senior Project Manager/Program Manager available in the Austin, TX area Cedar Park, TX • PMP " Project Management Professional" certified by the Project Management Institute "PMI"  • CSM "Certified Scrum Master" certified by ScrumAlliance  • Contact Center as a Service (CCaaS) Solutions Professional certified by Intelisys  • Experienced in Disaster Recovery and Business Continuity Planning/Testing  • Experience and success in data center migrations, to include extensive knowledge of underlying platforms (e.g., data center facilities, networks, mainframes, serves, storage) and strong relationship with SMEs migrating applications  • Proven experience managing geographically distributed and culturally diverse work-groups  • Over 20 combined years of project management experience.  • Demonstrated experience handling high volume project workload. Proven ability to organize activities, events and teams. Solid track record keeping projects deliverables on time and within budget  • Extensive experience with high dollar projects with a large amount of complexity and customer focus  • Experienced in project delivery using a unique combination of leadership, negotiation, collaboration, keen judgment, strong interpersonal skills, and situational awareness.  • Ability to listen, analyze, influence, negotiate and use judgment to solve complex issues in order to accomplish project goals Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Professional Services Program Manager/ Project Manager SERENOVA September 2018 to August 2019 Professional Services Program Manager/ Project Manager  • Program Manager for larger more complex clients  • Serve as single point of contact for project level issues / questions / escalations  • Project delivery for Serenova’s cloud-based solutions  • Strong team leadership skills – managing multi-regional, multi-disciplinary teams   • Work with clients to clearly identify and continuously manage project scope, requirements, dependencies, and deliverables  ·       Coach and mentor less experienced team members  • Conduct project retrospectives with Professional Services leadership.   • Ensures Client Contracts, Statements of Work (SOW) and “Work Orders” are used in defining implementation requirements.  • Participate in establishing best practices, templates, policies, tools and partnerships to expand and mature these capabilities for the company  • Provide Critical Thinking (anticipates problems and establishes methods to mitigate project/program risks).  • Form and lead core teams of cross-functional/cross-subsidiary subject matter experts, build accurate project schedules, track tasks and report on project progress until the product, service, and/or capability is tested and launched. Information Technology ( IT) Program/ Project Manager Harris Health Systems May 2013 to September 2018 May 2013 to September 2018  Harris Health Systems - A governmental entity that owns and operates 3 hospitals, 19 Health Centers and 26 clinics throughout Harris County, Texas  Information Technology ( IT) Program/ Project Manager  Project Management Office (PMO)  • Accountable for Data Center and Oracle Exadata Programs  • Managed programs and projects that are highly visible, strategic to firm direction or which are in trouble/off track  • Listening and gathering customer/user inputs. Simplifying complex topics for non-technical audiences and preparing quick pointed summaries for executives and stakeholders  • Delivery of assigned projects, ensuring projects are managed to the agreed timescale, budget and quality standards.  • Experience and success in data center migrations, to include extensive knowledge of underlying platforms (e.g., data center facilities, networks, mainframes, serves, storage) and strong relationship with SMEs migrating applications  • Management of over 200+ applications and 600+ servers for site to site failover and recovery. Utilized change control board to facilitate changes to RTO, RPO, upgrades, decommissions, and installations.  • Experienced in Data Center Migrations, servers, and applications, defining and managing move groups, submitting change requests as appropriate to Change Approval Board.  • Influenced and lead cross line of business teams in a matrix management environment  • Managed vendors to meet deadlines and develop quality deliverables  • Coached and mentored less experienced team members  • Project Spotlight  ? Meaningful Use Reportable Results (MURR) - Harris Health Systems was the 1st Hospital in Houston Texas to go live with MURR. Resulting in a financial benefit of 1.5 million dollars.  ? Disaster Recovery Readiness - Harris Health Systems now has the ability to failover from one data center to the other data center Program/ Project Manager Consultant Main Sail Consulting October 2012 to May 2013 October 2012 to May 2013  Main Sail Consulting - Main Sail helps organizations evaluate business issues, develop and implement solutions.  Program/ Project Manager Consultant  Portfolio Management Office (PMO)  Consultant with Lubrizol through Main Sail Consulting  • Responsible for Streamlining & Simplifying processes within the PMO  • Reviews Projects prior to submission to the Investment Council (Stage Gate Methodology) for funding review & approval  • Train Project Mangers on project management processes and procedures  • Identifies areas for process improvement as well as ensuring continuous process improvement within the PMO.  • Conducts project audits throughout the project lifecycle (Initiation, Planning, Execution, Monitoring & Controlling, Closing) New Markets Project Manager NRG Energy April 2008 to September 2012 April 2008 to September 2012  NRG Energy - NRG Energy, is a large American energy company, dual-headquartered in West Windsor Township, New Jersey, and Houston, New Markets Project Manager  Project Management Office (PMO)  • Project Manager for larger more complex mission critical projects.  • Designed and implemented a centralized tool to track and communicate project status  • PMO subject matter expert, conduct interviews, mentors and train other project managers on project management tools, and procedures  • Actively contributes to the ongoing improvements to the PMO  • Designed, developed and implemented a Project Audit process.  • Project Manager for the Print Vendor project that resulted in a 14% cost savings for the company.  • Experienced in the Texas retail electric mass markets, Electric Reliability Council of Texas (ERCOT) rules, Transmission and Distribution Service Provider (TDSP) and the Public Utility Commission of Texas (PUCT) rules  • Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery experience. Designed, developed, trained and implemented a tool for Disaster Recovery readiness. Program Manager Direct Energy November 2004 to April 2008 Change Management  • Accountable for Customer Experience, Regulatory, Market Transaction, & Legal Programs.  • Managed the capital budget for all assigned programs  • Planned and set project goals and milestones based on approved project charter  • Knowledge of Texas retail electric mass markets, Electric Reliability Council of Texas (ERCOT) rules, Transmission and Distribution Service Provider (TDSP) and the Public Utility Commission of Texas (PUCT) rules  • Serve as single point of contact for project level issues / questions / escalations  • Responsible for coaching and mentoring less experienced team members  • Project Manager for larger more complex mission critical projects  ? Project Manager for the 24 HR Trading Room's Business Continuity/Disaster Recovery process and testing  ? Texas Set version upgrade to 3.0  • June 2007 awarded the IS Leadership STAR Award for the project delivery of the mission critical project: Texas Set version upgrade to 3.0. Project Manager JP Morgan Chase formally Bank One July 1996 to August 2003 July 1996 to August 2003 July 1996 to August 2003  Bank One - was the sixth-largest bank in the US. Merged with JP Morgan Chase in 2004  Project Manager:  • Successfully managed multiple, concurrent projects following a rigorous project development lifecycle process (Stage Gate Methodology).  • Project team member on the Y2K business continuity team, accountable for the Mortgage Operation functional areas Y2K readiness for Indianapolis. Determining impacted areas; reaction plans, alternative business locations, system backup & relocation sites hot and cold.  • Developed a database to track, monitor and distribute an incentive plan for 200+ employees located in multiple state locations, worked with Human Resources and payroll to ensure incentives were applied to paychecks correctly and on time.  • Designed Platinum Home Visa Credit Card application, which resulted in increased sales volume. Education Certificate Purdue University 2004 Skills Project manager, Ms project, Sharepoint, Life cycle, Sdlc, Use cases, System development, Visio, Jira, Planview, Sow, Program manager, Mentor, Best practices, Contracts, Microsoft office, Cases, Leadership skills, PMP, Program Management, PMI, Project Management Certifications/Licenses CSM Project Management Professional (PMP) Additional Information Skill Summary  Extensive use of project management concepts using MS Project, MS Project Server, SharePoint, extensive hands on experience using the entire Microsoft Office suite, Creating Use Cases, Planview, Salesforce, Smartsheets Jira, Confluence and Visio, Project Management methodologies Agile, SCRUM, System Development Life cycle (SDLC), & traditional Waterfall.