IT Contractor <span class="hl">IT</span> Contractor Business Professional with IT Management Skills Fenton, MO To obtain a position in a position with a company that utilizes my skills and abilities solutions-driven, strong business & financial acumen with great attention to detail. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Contractor TEK Systems March 2017 to May 2017 Resolved incoming client calls as a Client Contact Specialist. Listened and communicated resolution to new and existing clients resolving connectivity and technical issues after bank implemented a software and hardware upgrade. IT Project Manager Webster University June 2012 to February 2013 Manage and communicate effectively while collaborating with management/stakeholders/team members within and across the university ensuring projects success. Lead and coordinate team members, third-party vendors and consultants to deliver projects plan. Method used agile software development. Consolidated PM's Monthly reports, delivered the monthly PMO project summary report to the PMO Director for Senior Management meetings. Application Development Specialist CIGNA October 1997 to June 2011 Manage delivery of IT projects ensuring operational effectiveness and efficiency. Met project requirements, includes time, scope, quality and budget using Agile and SDLC Waterfall. Influenced and inspired the team members, sponsors/stakeholders/executives, internal & external clients to deliver projects successfully. Education Master's in Information Technology Management Webster University - St. Louis, MO August 2006 to May 2008 Bachelor's in Computer Science with Emphasis on Management Webster University - St. Louis, MO August 1998 to December 2000 Skills ? Effective Communicator & Listener, Time Management, Self-motivation, Conflict Resolution, Adaptability & Team Builder ? Outstanding customer service, customer-focused and exceptional service ratings ? Project Management, Initiating, Planning, Executing, Monitoring & Controlling and Closing ? SDLC – Waterfall, Requirements, Design, Implementation, Verification and Maintenance ? Agile Method – Requirements and Solutions evolve through collaborative effort ? Project Environments: iSeries, Sys36, Sys34, Mainframe, Infrastructure, UNIX, FACETS, Client-Server Application Development, Digital Micro VAX Dec 3100 ? Software/Tools/Methods: MS Office Suite, Visio, SharePoint, Mercury Quality Center, REMEDY, Clarity, ALDON, Pro Comm Plus, PMBOK ? Languages: COBOL, CL, JCL, SQL, RPG400, INFORMATICA, ORACLE, Pro Comm PLUS Script ? Language & Tool Experience: FTP/PGP, FTP/GNU-PG, SFTP, HTTPS, SSL, SSH, NDM, Asynchronous, IT Security ? Language & Tool Training: MS Project, C++, MS Access, HTML, Visual Basic Script, Java Script (10+ years)