Senior IT Project Manager Senior <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Senior IT project Manager - Touro College New York, NY Work Experience Senior IT Project Manager Touro College - 10018 May 2015 to Present • Lead and manage multiple complex projects/programs through initiation, execution, monitoring and controlling and closing of project lifecycle, i.e., Enterprise Resource Planning Global Project, Canvas, Citrix, Service Now, etc.  • Conduct in person meetings with key stakeholders and IT to assess their needs and expectations for accurate project deliverables and timelines. Manage communications with senior business leaders and collaborate with the project core teams in addition to key stakeholders in detecting then documenting possible issues, risks, workarounds and all change requests pertaining to scope, schedule and cost.  • Organize, facilitated Agile and Scrum meetings, which include Sprint Planning, Daily Scrums or Standups, Sprint Check-In, Sprint Review & Retrospective.  • Identify variances then initiate adjustments or remove roadblocks to stay on target. Mitigate and escalate situations as needed to resolve and achieve commitments from all key stakeholders to assure their project requirements are met.  • Mentoring and coaching of team members on Agile practices by providing clarity of dependencies and project task visibility to help them prioritize so they can create an enhanced path for themselves.  • Created and implemented a RACI chart for role responsibility and a PDM diagram which resulted in optimizing the employee's time to complete more tasks within scope, schedule and budget, thus enhancing employee/ project efficiency by 45 percent. New York (contract) - Project Manager The Consolidated Edison Company of New York October 2012 to April 2015 • Proactively increase transparency, accountability and dialogue by ensuring project status as well as project information is regularly shared, reviewed and discussed with project core teams and key stakeholders.  • Coordinated and directed brainstorming discussions to collect and document requirements for products continuous measurement and improvement.  • Collaborated with groups of stakeholders across customers and multiple business lines and disciplines to translate business and customer objectives into functional specifications and test cases for deployments. Project Manager/Senior Paralegal Bristol-Myers Squibb Company - New York, NY June 2006 to September 2012 • Translated client requirements into clear actionable goals, identified risks, planned risk responses, established priorities to achieve measurable results for enhanced monitoring/controlling of project work/ project budget to ensure it was within scope/cost/schedule.  • Implemented and managed the budget for the Commercial Regulatory Department.  • Proud recipient of the Spot Award (2007) and Merit Award (2011). Compliance Associate/Business Relationship Manager The Concord Equity Group - Matawan, NJ April 2000 to June 2006 • BRM and single point of contact between the Compliance/Operations Departments and clearing firm.  • Managed and lead all relationships with internal and external conversion project teams on multiple client onboarding transitions by reviewing, mitigating risk issues, tracking milestones, updating outstanding actions items, and removing road blocks.  • Planned and prioritized the TCU service delivery initiatives for brokers/clients by evaluating their customer's specific needs, to ensure all SLT & SLA's were compliant to governance of company policy.  • Extremely well versed with Back Office Operations, Fixed Income Operations, NASD & SEC audits, investigations, acceptance waivers and responses for regulatory compliance and enforcement. Education Bachelor of Science degree in Business Management & Economics College of Staten Island - Staten Island, NY 2013 Skills PMP, Itil, Scrum Master, Waterfall, SDLC, Information Technology, PM Awards Spot Award 2007-04 Merit Award 2011-03 Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) March 2018 to March 2021 PMI-ACP September 2018 to September 2021 ITIL v3 August 2018 to Present CSM April 2018 to April 2020 Paralegal June 2006 to Present