IT Project Manager / End User Computer Tech <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> / End User Computer Tech IT Project Manager / End User Computer Tech - Dignity Health Carefree, AZ Work Experience IT Project Manager / End User Computer Tech Dignity Health - Phoenix, AZ January 2018 to Present PFI Tech - Contractor  Provide IT Program and Project management solutions for End User Office. Manage project budget, resource planning, change requests, risk, and issues.  • Technical Project Manager on Windows 10 Uplift for 58,000 PCs in three states  • Designed, developed and automated project reports to track daily, weekly, monthly productivity, and run time Full Stack Web Developer Student Galvanize - Phoenix, AZ January 2017 to November 2017 Enrolled in an immersion program with Galvanize in Phoenix. Classwork covered the full-stack development platform. The goal was to understand the world of the developer to better manage and lead projects featuring application development in that discipline. Project Manager Arizona State University - Phoenix, AZ March 2016 to December 2016 TEKsystems - Contractor  • Managed IT project management solutions for the Educational Outreach and Student Service (EOSS) organization on the Simplicity Replacement Project.  • Led a team on an enterprise wide program upgrade of ApplicationXtender Software Upgrade Project which included five major departments.  • Developed business strategies and managed Service-level Agreements for University Technology Office (UTO) IT Planning and Programs and in partnership with IT Customer Service & Support. PMO Manager / Program Manager Dignity Health - Phoenix, AZ April 2015 to December 2015 HC Tech - Contractor  • Used agile methodology to manage, and problem solve team members on eLearning project.  • Program managed the Communications, Resource Onboarding and Off-boarding, Command Center, and Education and Administration projects for the ICD-10 program.  • Managed an $18.9m budget for the ICD-10 program resulting in a $1.0m savings. Retail Technical Investor - Phoenix, AZ July 2014 to April 2015 Developed a company which would buy and sell financial instruments traded in the stock market, derivative market, commodity market, and the FX exchange market. IT Project Manager / Program Manager Arizona Public Service - Phoenix, AZ September 2013 to July 2014 Software Consultant Management Inc. (SCMI) - Contractor  • Used agile methodology to lead, coach, and successfully manage the project management team on Windows 7 upgrade project.  • Led a team in an enterprise-wide program upgrade of the Windows 7.0 OS and Windows IE 1.0, which resulted in upgrading and configuring 35,000 laptops and desktops.  • Managed the $2.8m Windows 7.0 OS upgrade program budget. IT Project Manager & Service Delivery Manager American Express - Phoenix, AZ April 1998 to September 2013 • Led the Desktop Analysis Pro Analysis Project to improve travel agent availability which resulted in cost savings of 400 hours monthly at the pilot location.  • Coached scrum teams to deliver quality products which led to on-time delivery. Education Graduate Certificate in Project Management in frameworks, and computer science Keller Graduate School of Management Associates of Science in Manufacturing Engineering in Manufacturing Engineering Salt Lake Community College Bachelor of General Science in General Science University of Nebraska at Omaha - Omaha, NE Skills SDLC, Waterfall, PM, Scrum Master, PMP, PM, Scrum Master, Waterfall, PMP, Information Technology, Itil, Software Development Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/MichaelValadez Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) Driver's License