Job Seeker Pepperell, MA Work Experience Foliage Systems - Burlington, MA 2014 to Present consulting Technical Project Manager Regulated Industries 2014 to Present Responsible for project management of cross-disciplinary product development projects for clients in regulated industries with a focus on medical devices. In this role, I work with clients to manage project scope, requirements, deliverables and risk. Utilizing the Altran QMS framework, I have been applying quality processes based on the latest industry standards, applicable regulatory guidelines and agile methodologies.    • Currently I am leading a software centric cross-functional team supporting complex  medical diagnostic imaging systems. Previously I led a team building a custom test fixture to automate what is today a set of manual test scripts to verify the performance of the  manufacturer's next generation insulin pump.    • In a most rewarding role, I was the technical project manager for a globally recognized  medical device manufacturer, for several class 3 medical device re-design initiatives for cardiac defibrillators; managing the work of host and embedded software, hardware, and  systems quality engineers. I was recognized for efficient decision making and responsible for keeping several high intensity programs on track.    • On all projects I communicate with Altran's clients and collaborate with Altran technical staff  to develop project plans and track cost, resources and delivery estimates. As the project  manager I have consistently dealt with technical challenges, kept budget and schedule  progress in balance and mitigated risks.On most projects, I author key design control  process documents. Checkerboard Ltd - West Boylston, MA 2009 to 2014 technology-focused event communications products and services Director, Technology Checkerboard Ltd 2009 to 2014 Reporting directly to the President, technology and process driven leader of the applications development team and the infrastructure/operations staff as head of the IT department. Led design and development of company's ecommerce web sites. Oversaw hosting of an onsite data center with a mix of Microsoft and Linux servers.    • Transformed Checkerboard's software development methodologies & instituted best  SDLC practices for continual process improvement of existing services and the adoption of agile techniques with positive productivity impact across the enterprise.  • Accountable as project manager for all major technology initiatives including re-build of the B2C site, eInvite.com, using Java and open source technologies.  • Fostered teamwork across IT operations & software development teams employing DevOps  techniques.  • Champion of agile practices employing scrum methodologies.  • Successfully executed major overhaul of Checkerboard's infrastructure to achieve never-before-realized system stability and up times for 7/24 ecommerce web sites. Oversaw virtualization of 80 servers.  • Achieved dramatic savings through gains in business efficiency with outsourced system stabilization projects  • Introduced ITIL framework to redefine and improve company's continual service  improvement effectiveness. Instituted adoption of service management processes focused on incident, change and request management.  • Built and nurtured successful, cost-effective relationships for outsourcing of IT services  • Set technical direction using technology roadmaps as previously done at Health Dialog. Senior Director, IT Operations Health Dialog 2007 to 2009 Led technology operations in a 7x24 healthcare management environment setting IT's  Strategic and tactical direction for a team of 65-70 technical staff responsible for high  availability of voice, network/security, and computer systems that formed the technical  backbone of Health Dialog's seven medical call centers across the U.S. and Europe. IT  Operations included systems resource management, database administration, production data  services, server & network management, desktop/laptop support, & the company's helpdesk  • Managed over 500 servers and a sophisticated security infrastructure to protect confidential  patient information. Promoted a technology vision with short & long term technical roadmaps  • Introduced a culture of cost accountability within the IT department saving the company $2M  • Oversaw implementation of virtualization projects and design/build out of two, world-class data centers; IT department recognized for exceptional project completion record  • Spearheaded efforts to develop organizational efficiencies using ITIL-inspired service  management processes.  • Budgetary responsibility for multi-disciplinary capital projects over $ 10 Million Health Dialog - Bedford, NH 2005 to 2009 Health Care Management services utilizing mission critical software Director, IT Applications Health Dialog 2005 to 2007 Led a large software engineering department building and supporting mission-critical, enterprise healthcare systems including SaaS-hosted, patient-facing EHR applications and a health coaching CRM application used by nurses across the country and in Europe.    • Reshaped and grew software engineering organization creating a software QA team to develop multiple products in parallel delivered under aggressive deadlines and business  constraints instituting a formal SDLC process.    • Managed 20-30 internal development staff plus a larger team of consultants. Responsible  for development of clinical applications and operational support of installed base of data- intensive medical records applications.    • Led development projects to create healthcare management software [patient-facing  web apps & health coach tools] requiring intense vendor relationship management skills.    • Developed a model for near shore and offshore co-sourced development teams (to maximize cost effective software engineering and test resources.)    • Led development effort for next generation CRM system based on .NET technologies and SQL Server with a Big Data environment architected around an Oracle data repository of  hundreds of terabytes of patient medical information with sophisticated analytics driving  day-to-day health coach decision making. Education MS in Computer Science in Performance Tuning of Databases Boston University - Boston, MA MS in Physics in Teaching University of Massachusetts - Amherst, MA BA in Physics Lake Forest College - Lake Forest, IL University of New Hampshire - Durham, NH Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/michaelantin