Director, IT Applications & Governance Director, <span class="hl">IT</span> Applications &amp; Governance Director, IT Applications & Governance - HMSHost International Laurel, MD Work Experience Director, IT Applications & Governance HMSHost International - Bethesda, MD August 2014 to Present Direct and lead applications and governance strategy for a multi-billion dollar and largest organization providing  food and beverages to travellers with 30,000 employees worldwide. Oversee IT Governance, Portfolio, ERP, Help  Desk, Service Management, Mobility, IT Assets, and other applications.  • Supported CIO's mission to reduce operations cost while delivering bottom line value by transforming corporate  IT with governance principles. Developed simplified processes to optimize IT investments, empower workforce, and manage demand; to deliver value on time and budget while maintaining quality.  • Participated in Digital Transformation Strategy initiatives and developed innovative IT solutions.  • Managed a team under CEO's corporate leadership program and developed communication strategy and social media based solutions to reach out over 30K employees worldwide.  • Transformed IT Help Desk reducing call volume and optimized processes, and revitalized Mobility and Asset  deployment programs to reap cost savings.  • Transformed IT Support process fostering collaborative work environment while developing robust help desk  systems and work processes to enhance visibility and provide faster support.  • Formulated a plan to optimize ERP to increase ROI and its value while enhancing system's performance and enabling ERP centric culture within the organization.  • Advocated IT Governance, demand management, project management, financial management, risk  management, change management, sourcing and vendor management.  • Assess new innovative technologies, mission critical systems, communications and business continuity.  • Create operational policies, procedures, standards, guidelines and best practices.  • Management of mission-critical systems included ERP, POS, DW & BI, ITSM, PPM, and COTS applications.    Resume Manager, Information Systems HealthFirst - New York, NY March 2014 to August 2014 Manage IT Portfolio and ERP projects for a fast growing healthcare insurance system providing services to more  than a million members, healthcare service providers, and federal regulated healthcare entities.  • Delivered robust Hyperion, SharePoint, and ERP solutions in collaboration with stakeholders.  • Built a strong IT team to deliver and support ERP, Clinical, and other COTS products to automate the business  processes and aligning of solution delivery processes.  • Accountability includes but not limited to staff recruitment and retention, SLA, services and solutions  procurement, project management, budget, and implementation of robust IT solutions.  • Developed a simplified process to manage IT providers and contracts. IT Portfolio Management Consultant DicoTech - Doha, QA October 2013 to March 2014 Provided consultation to the CEO on establishing IT Portfolio of products and software development of a cloud  based healthcare practice application.  • Developed IT products portfolio, rollout strategy, budgets, and technology roadmap.  • Developed and implemented business plan to forecast profitable growth and enable customers with excellent  solution delivery and consultation.  • Supported development of CloudClinik, a web based practice management solution to automate healthcare  provider clinic with patient registration, scheduling, billing, and EMR. Enterprise Applications Manager Aspire Zone Foundation - Doha, QA February 2007 to October 2013 Managed IT Applications Division within a Greenfield hospital and sports complex serving multinational entities such as US Military, International FIFA Athletes, and other private patients.  • Developed IT applications roadmap in line with business strategy, budgets, and policies & procedures to enable  the organization and offer competitive advantage in the region.  • Procured and implemented strategic IT systems including Healthcare, Pharmacy, Radiology, Laboratory, ERP, POS, EMR, EDMS, Scheduling, document management, and Patient Revenue System to support business.  • Recruited and managed highly trained IT professionals. Managed offshore resources and vendors.  • Implemented consistent project management processes for effective delivery of multiple software  implementation programs. Supported establishment of IT Governance and Corporate PMO.  • Supported CIO and CEO to develop corporate strategy, prioritizing projects, and continuous transformation.  • Developed and implemented SaaS and Shared Services and reaped $3M cost savings. Program Manager, IT Solutions Catapult Technology - Bethesda, MD April 2006 to February 2007 Managed a $26M FAA program providing Learning Management System for air traffic controllers across all airports.  Developed, implemented, and supported custom solutions. First recipient of Clients Recognition Award.  • Managed and Supported federal contract to deliver IT solutions with complete P&L responsibilities.  • Managed, recruited, and mentored 30+ direct reports including project managers, team leads, software  developers, business analysts, and network and database administrators.  • Built trusted relationship with federal stakeholders and provided them robust IT solutions.  • Prioritized demand with all stakeholders and managed entire contractual obligations including budget.  • Developed and implemented PMO and advocated consistent project management processes. Program Manager, IT Infrastructure & Applications Northrop Grumman Corporation - Linthicum, MD March 2005 to April 2006 Managed a large engagement for international Greenfield hospital project.  • As part of Global IT Solutions PMO reporting to the executive management at Northrop, developed a roadmap  for a complete IT Infrastructure for healthcare facilities.  • Developed strategies and plans to deliver large-scale systems such as ERP, Healthcare Applications, Data  Warehouse, and other business applications.  • Provided leadership and technical direction to formulate implementation of enterprise-wide IT solutions.  • Built relationships with John Hopkins and other entities to support design of a hospital system.    Resume Director, Technical Services American Computer Technology - Fairfax, VA November 2002 to March 2005 Directed and managed custom software solutions with a team of highly qualified IT professionals. Supported  business development activities across the region.  • Developed and implemented processes to optimize 8-terabyte data warehouse and supported business  intelligence activities utilizing data marts.  • Developed and delivered IT applications and related services at agreed service level agreement (SLA) - thus  reducing overall operational costs.  • Managed 8-terabyte data warehouse (EDW) project at GEICO Information Services Department with a team of consultants to develop customized BI applications.  • Managed and recruited team of consultants and implemented ERP solutions.  • Implemented Earned Value Management (EVM) to monitor and control progress across all projects. Manager, IT Applications Interhealth Canada / SKMC - Abu Dhabi, AE December 1999 to November 2002 Managed Applications department within a Greenfield 600-bed hospital, SKMC, currently managed by Cleveland  Clinic. Developed a roadmap to automate entire hospital facility with state-of-the-art applications.  • Procured IT systems, developed business processes, and recruited and managed highly trained IT  professionals to automate entire hospital.  • Developed entire infrastructure included Desktop Operating Environment, ERP & Healthcare Applications, Customized Applications, Corporate Website, Intranet Applications, and Data Warehouse.  • Developed business processes, policies, budgets, and staffing needs.  • Recruited and managed 20+ direct reports, consultants, and cross-functional teams.  • Implemented corporate IT training program for 800+ end users.  • Day-to-day operational support and help-desk management to cater applications support.  • Built trusted relationships with all stakeholders including corporate executives. Project Manager Informix Software - Vienna, VA March 1998 to November 1999 • Worked as a Program Manager for Decision Frontier, an end-to-end Informix Software solution suite.  • Managed SAP applications implementation with a team of professional consultants.  • Managed multiple database/SAP projects at 3Com, HP, and Boston Scientific. Project Manager HCIA - Baltimore, MD May 1996 to March 1998 • Part of the MIS team primarily responsible for delivery of business applications and provide system solutions to the corporate business units. Managed and recruited highly skilled resources.  • Implemented state-of-the-art HRIS system, Lawson Financials, and Time Accounting Systems.  • Developed and implemented Help Desk System for the external and internal customer support calls tracking  and monitoring. Senior Consultant American Computer Technology - Fairfax, VA January 1995 to May 1996 • Performed analysis, development, and implementation of TCAICS - US Army unit planning, move, maintenance, and scheduling applications.  • Provided day-to-day support on applications modules consist of rail road planning, air freight planning, and convoy or truck movement. Programmer Analyst Computer Center Software - Portland, ME September 1993 to January 1995 Performed analysis and development of an ERP system. Information Systems Specialist CMF - Greenfield, NH March 1988 to September 1993 Performed in-house applications development and support at a rehabilitation and healthcare center.    Resume Education MS in Level Certificate New Hampshire College 1992 Bachelor of Arts in Computer Science / Mathematics Antioch University 1988