Proposal Manager, IT Project Manager, and Task Order Lead/ Project Manager Proposal <span class="hl">Manager</span>, <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>, and Task Order Lead/<span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Proposal Manager Rochester, NY Kayti Whittaker has 15+ years consulting experience in federal government contracting. Roles include business development, IT project management support, training development and coordination, and logistics planning. With her enthusiasm and strong organizational skills, she enjoys the process of coordination - bringing a custom learning program, IT application or winning proposal from an abstract thought to fruition. Work Experience Proposal Manager, IT Project Manager, and Task Order Lead/ Project Manager DRT Strategies, Inc - Arlington, VA August 2014 to Present Arlington, VA August 2014 - Present  DRT Strategies is a government contracting firm specializing in providing IT and program/ project management expertise to federal clients. Served in three roles: Proposal Manager, IT Project Manager, and Task Order Lead/ Project Manager. While the latter two were client-facing, simultaneously supported internal business development (BD) efforts by working with clients to identify emerging needs and working with the internal BD team to track leads through the capture process and ultimately through to proposal.    Proposal Manager & Business Development (BD) Support  Served as a proposal manager and supported all business development-related activities on DRT's Opportunity Management team.  • Led and supported 10 RFP and RFI submissions and proposal teams through the proposal development process. Team sizes ranged from 3-15 people. Facilitated close communication with the capture manager and proposal team to ensure all moving parts progressed by:  ? Creating the foundation for a winning proposal starting at the kick off - develop compliant outlines, compliance matrices and win themes, create writing assignments, proposal response schedule, and schedule, facilitate or support all related status calls  ? Creating, updating and facilitating content development for Past Performances and/or PPQs  ? Coordinating or formatting other deliverables as needed such as graphics, cover letters, resumes, Quality Control Plans and various certifications  ? Ensuring compliance throughout proposal development and before submission.  • Supported and facilitated the step review and capture process to drive action items and maturation of business opportunities across the firm. Worked closely with capture managers by identifying, selecting, and tracking potential opportunities in Salesforce.  • Supported various research requests for the executive team using websites such as FPDS, GovWin, GSA eBuy, FBO, and SAM.gov.    IT Project Management Support & Business Development Support  Currently provide both IT project management support to several FDA clients and provide business development support under DRT's FDA's IT Program & Project Management Services (IPS) contract.  • Provide project management support to the Amazon Web Services (AWS) Government Cloud migration team as 20+ ColdFusion applications migrate from physical on-premise servers to the AWS Cloud. Assist IPT with UAT coordination and communications.  • Developed concept papers to articulate business requirements and proposed solutions to improve data sharing between FDA and stakeholders in support of the Food Safety Modernization Act (FSMA).  • Analyzed FDA's Center for Food Safety and Nutrition (CFSAN) research publications to derive DRT business opportunities and present findings to senior leadership.  • Developed framework for capturing task order-wide accomplishments.    IT Project Manager  Provided ITPM support to two FDA IT Project Managers under the FDA's IT Program & Project Management Services (IPS) contract. Monitored project schedules, activities, and action items to ensure on-time delivery and oversight of 20+ IT investments/applications at FDA's Center for Food Safety and Nutrition (CFSAN).  • Lead the collaboration of project efforts amongst multiple federal clients, technical and business contractor teams as well as technical product vendors.  • Created and maintained project management artifacts and activities such as SDLC/EPLC documentation, risk registers, action item trackers, and Clarity; submit documentation for stage gate reviews.    Task Order Lead & Project Manager  As the project manager and task order lead, managed the FDA's Office of Computational Science (OCS) IT Software/Analytics Training Program Management and Implementation task order. Responsible for developing training programs and resources to assist FDA's medical officers in reviewing drug applications to make decisions as to whether drugs should go to market.  • Oversaw all program management activities which included the management of the task order budget, project schedule, development and training operations activities, and submission and distribution of weekly, monthly, quarterly, and annual deliverables.  • Facilitated the development of training classes and resources to further enhance reviewers' understanding on how to interpret their data. Used instructional design methodologies (ADDIE) to develop or enhance in-class training, online resources, and on-demand training curriculum.  • Executed 60+ training classes per year with 700+ attendees, overseeing all training operations logistics with the support of the training operations coordinator.  • Tracked metrics for all training operations and conducted a monthly review of the qualitative and quantitative feedback. Ensured new training requirements are implemented to the training delivery plan to further develop and optimize reviewer learning opportunities and initiatives.  Additional Business Development Support  • Writer/contributor to RFPs, RFTOPs, and RFIs: DQSA, IPS, TO48/TO70, CIO SP3, NERP, JReview.  • Created the Success Story template for the FDA IPS/CFSAN task order to provide the Opportunity Management team a standardized format to communicate project successes following the end of each task order year. These write ups have been used in subsequent DRT proposals.  • Founding member of DRT's Learning Community of Practice solution area created to bring awareness and drive business to DRT's training and development delivery expertise.  • Co-led the Business Development Training and Capacity Building work stream from 2015-2017 to create business development-related training and reference information.  • Researched, prepared, and presented content for multiple step reviews.  • Performed CMS SPARC Awardee Research across 115 businesses. Senior Training Project Manager Council for Logistics Research Inc. (CLR) - Crystal City, VA October 2003 to December 2013 Crystal City, VA October 2003 - December 2013  Under the US Air Force Leadership Development Program contract, provided project management support across multiple USAF senior leader offices to execute the executive education agendas of the CFSAN and SECAF.    Senior Training Project Manager  • Efficiently managed training operations support USAF-wide resulting in over 15,000 senior leaders trained with an executed budget of $40M+. Interfaced with 50+ universities, learning institutions, and SMEs.  • Designed, implemented and executed internal organizational processes to manage, track, and report metrics and performance between the USAF and the learning institution. Managed USAF personnel and learning management systems (LMS) to track and reconcile training.  • Created and analyzed online assessments and surveys to capture and assess trainee feedback. Recommendations resulted in more valued courses, reduced training time commitments, and costs.  • Created training artifacts such as training manuals, course guidelines and logistics information to support and communicate training opportunities.  Senior Logistics Project Manager  • Created, coordinated and executed all end-to-end logistics for 210+ Air Force custom learning programs to enhance the capabilities for 7,500+ senior leader personnel. Cumulating to more than $15M, the programs ranged from 16 to 700+ attendees and from 3 to 14 days in duration across the active duty, guard, reservist and civilian senior leader populations (GOs, SESs, Cols, CMSgts).  • Skillfully executed all program management requirements to include budget development and milestone planning. Negotiated contracts, cultivated relationships with all vendors, and executed all logistics: speakers, lodging, transportation, food and beverage, security, website content and registration database development, onsite staffing and protocol requirements.  • Prepared contingency plans to anticipate changing requirements. Proven record of flexibility and problem-solving skills provided ability to mitigate conflicts and influence positive outcomes to ensure seamless program delivery.  Business Development Support  • SME writer and selected as Key Personnel member to present during the oral evaluation to win the $60 million FFP follow-on AFLDP contract in 2009.  • Contributed to the CLR business development team to grow its event planning capabilities and opportunities.  • Knowledge of the FAR, JTR and JFTR as well as the overall federal acquisition process. Congressional Intern Honorable Congresswoman Diane E. Watson - Washington, DC January 2002 to May 2002 Coordinated NASA's Stars program with the Los Angeles, CA school district that launched with Space Shuttle Columbia; project recognized by President George W. Bush. Education MBA University of Maryland University College 2013 Six Sigma Green Belt Certification Villanova University 2007 BS in Organizational Communications Ithaca College 2003 Skills RFP Additional Information EDUCATION, CERTIFICATIONS, AFFILIATIONS & CLEARANCE   • MBA, University of Maryland University College, 2013  • Six Sigma Green Belt Certification, Villanova University, 2007  • BS, Organizational Communications, Learning & Design, Ithaca College, 2003  • Member, Project Management Institute (PMI), Washington, DC Chapter   • Member, Association of Proposal Management Professionals (APMP), DC Chapter  • Clearance: Public Trust