IT PROJECT MANAGER <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">PROJECT</span> <span class="hl">MANAGER</span> IT PROJECT MANAGER Cranberry Township, PA • Experienced project manager leading all phases of diverse retail technology projects. Focus on  warehouse management systems, planning / fulfillment and pricing systems in both I-series and  client/server environments. Includes third party software and in-house developed solutions.  * Cross-functional integrator. Design and implement innovative solutions to facilitate information flow  among cross-functional applications across diverse environments.    Project Management:  Vendor relationships  Custom Software Development  System Migrations/Integrations  Enterprise Implementations  IT Project Lifecycle:  Requirements Analysis  Project Scheduling  Testing/Rollout  Support    3rd Party Software:  Island Pacific  Manhattan Associates PKMS  JDA Advanced Allocations  JDA - Enterprise Planning  JDA - Demand / Fulfillment Work Experience IT PROJECT MANAGER American Eagle Outfitters - Pittsburgh, PA March 1998 to May 2019 Warehouse Management System. Provided IT management for selection, requirements definition, development, implementation, support, and upgrades of Manhattan Associates PKMS to three DC's.  Integration with Dematic conveyor systems plus several custom applications. Designed algorithm to determine optimal warehouse to distribute product to stores. Upgrades to support omni-inventory  management.  Results: The WMS provided enhanced distribution capabilities for a rapidly expanding product  assortment and support more stores with fewer personnel.    • Vendor-supported software projects. Managed all phases of project management in collaboration with software vendors. Includes JDA Size Profiling, JDA Enterprise Planning, JDA Demand / Fulfillment, JDA  Allocations.  Results: Provided ability to accurately forecast allocation targets to the store / size level. Also provide  tools for planners to determine optimal markdowns during an item's lifecycle. Defined new processes  that improved the accuracy of forecasting allocation targets.    • Custom Software Development. Managed software development lifecycle for many custom solutions, including Allocation Planning, Location Planning, and Store Group Management.  Results: Provided capability to create plans at the store group level, maintain minimum presentation and forward weeks of coverage. Improved allocation accuracy and reduced unnecessary store inventory.    * System Enhancements / Upgrades. Managed initiatives to improve functionality and integrity of legacy  retail applications. Includes major upgrades to Island Pacific (I-series), JDA Allocations, and significant  retail pricing improvements. Improved integrity of applications and resolution of issues utilizing thorough  root-cause analysis and providing permanent solutions and documentation to prevent re-occurrences.  Results: Enhanced processes to accurately and efficiently administer pricing to stores in a heavy  promotional markdown environment. Ensured that versions of software are updated to leverage latest  business processes and technology.    * System Integration. Implemented initiatives to provide information between cross-functional  applications, Results: Achieved seamless migrations and integrations that that were delivered without disrupting  current business. Provided one source of data from which to prepare dashboards and reports.    * Team Management. Led development teams including I-Series, PL/SQL and .NET developers.  Tracked progress to ensure project milestones were completed on time with the required results.    * Awards. Earned several top Eagle Elite Awards in recognition of outstanding project results. PROJECT MANAGER Trans-General Life Insurance - Pittsburgh, PA 1997 to 1998 Re-design of two legacy processes that administer COBRA benefits to a single database solution. SR. SYSTEMS ANALYST PPG Industries, Inc - Pittsburgh, PA 1974 to 1997 • Development / support of truck fleet management system (RPG),  • Developed and administered processes to communicate export documentation to freight forwarders.  • Export shipment specialist. Scheduled export shipments for all ocean / air shipments to customers.  • Procurement associate for IT related expenditures.  • Programmer / analyst to develop / support chemical plant systems. Education MBA University of Pittsburgh - Pittsburgh, PA 1979 BS in Mathematics Clarion University of PA - Clarion, PA 1974 Skills VISIO, DATABASE, ORACLE, PL/SQL, SQL, RPG, MICROSOFT PROJECT, CISCO, JIRA, COBOL, MICROSOFT OFFICE, Waterfall, Software Development, Information Technology Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/david-rose-191822131 Certifications/Licenses Master Certificate in Project Management May 2012 to Present 5 classes (15 days) using PMP principles Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS    Productivity Tools: Technical Tools:  JIRA PL/SQL  Microsoft Project RPG  Visio COBOL  Microsoft Office Products  Cisco Web-Ex  Database:  Oracle 12  I-series / RPG