Client Services Manager | Project / Program Manager Client Services <span class="hl">Manager</span> | <span class="hl">Project</span> / Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project / Program Manager | Organizational Change Management New York, NY Work Experience Client Services Manager | Project / Program Manager ACME Technologies, Inc June 2018 to Present Recruited to be the Program Manager of a >$1million multi-location client concentrating primarily on process improvement, organizational change management as well as customer success and retention. Collaborating with internal and external  cross-functional teams to conduct root cause analysis and problem resolution. Utilizing corrective action plans and ongoing training to reinforce opportunities while striving for continuous improvement. Independent Consultant People Management July 2016 to June 2018 Utilized expertise in Project/Program Management, Global SaaS Enterprise Applications, HRIS, Training & Development and Hospitality Management. (Open to work remote, travel, or relocate based on the location of the opportunity.)  • Demonstrated confidence and the ability to raise questions, challenge resistance at all levels, both individually  and collectively with a focus on collaboration and conflict resolution. Experienced with Vendor Management, Resource Management, Risk Assessment/Mitigation, Budget/Cost Management utilizing various standard  industry tools such as Clarity PPM, SmartSheet and MS Project. Influenced and communicated efficaciously across all organizational levels.    • Led a hybrid DevOps/Software Engineering team to define, develop and test applications developed in Python  and React (JavaScript library). Provided oversight and removed internal operational obstacles which allowed the team to focus on setting up Jenkins testing environments as well as development, stage and production  environments in an AWS cloud solution. Mentored IT Business Analysts to improve requirements gathering and analysis based on industry best practices. Trained the analysts to use workflow tools such as Gliffy and Visio while the importance of writing clear and concise user stories and use cases based on epics was reinforced.  Collaborated in meetings and via tools such as Confluence, Slack, Skype, and Teams.    • Partnered with experts in their fields to discuss technical and operational challenges of their organizations.  Assessed changing conditions, values and the needs of their environments to lead the effort, support change and develop innovative training programs and materials supported by researching industry trends.  Infonet Consulting Group for Royal Caribbean Cruises, Ltd. - Miami, FL IT Project Manager (Consultant) February 2015 to June 2016 Led a global team of Business Analysts, Engineers, Subject Matter Experts and Internal/External Vendors supporting  Stakeholders from various business areas including HRIS/HR, Global Security, Supply Chain & Inventory, Food & Beverage, Guest Services as well as Casino. Managed multiple enterprise technology upgrades and implementation  projects varying in size and complexity. Focused on RFID, POS integration, Mobile Technology and Enterprise SaaS  implementations during new ship openings. Fostered business relationships and collaborated with Executives, Functional Managers, and additional Resources within the matrixed organization in order to influence and direct the  project team to achieve the goals set by the Stakeholders.  • Managed $1M - $3M IT budget for project related hardware, software and labor. Involved in all project phases  from Initiating to Closing which resulted in a 3% cost savings. Tasked with maintenance and oversight of enterprise technology project plans, resources assignments, travel & lodging schedules for the 100+ members of the project team.    • Utilized technical expertise when discussing innovative industry technology and developing strategic plans with the IT Security, Network, DevOps, Support and Project teams. Elicited the input from all Subject Matter Experts  (SMEs) to create and update the Project Plan, Risk Register and other documents required by the PMO.    • Trained Business Analysts, System Engineers and PMO peers on best practices utilizing HP ALM: Application  Lifecycle Management tool during System Integration (SIT) and User Acceptance Testing (UAT) to improve the validity of testing statuses and results. As a result of training, inaccurate reporting of defects was reduced by  25%. Training & Development Manager Celebrity Cruises - Miami, FL January 2013 to September 2014 Applied adult learning theories across a variety of delivery methods including, but not limited to audio/video, classroom, CBT/e-Learning and 1-on-1 mentoring for 1300 Crew Members, Staff and Officers representing 70+ nations. Partnered with the Executive Management Team and various Division/Department Heads to identify top performers on their  teams to provide mentorship and coaching to Crew Members, Supervisors, and Managers in preparation for career  advancement or promotions. Nominated by Crew Members, selected by the Executive Management Team and awarded the 'Shining STAR' Manager of the Month, November 2013. Influenced and motivated Crew Members, Staff and Officers  to meet or exceed ship specific and company-wide goals for all KPIs.  • Ensured employee records were up-to-date and accurate in JDEdwards EnterpriseOne. Executed, audited and delivered executive status reports for all compulsory training programs and leadership assessments such as the  New Hire Welcome and Orientation Program, Business Ethics, Zero Tolerance, DiSC, 360, OZ Principle and a proprietary Accelerated Leadership Performance Series (ALPS).    • Operationalized programs to evaluate training effectiveness, measure learning impact and behavioral changes at the organizational level. Additional proprietary training programs focused on Brand Standards, Customer  Service, Service Recovery as well as Sales.    • Collaborated with the onboard Safety Officer, Chief Security Officer, Environmental Officer, Doctors and Nurses  to facilitate Hotel Basic Safety Training (HBST). Moderated focus groups, participated on committees and solicited feedback via surveys to improve Crew Member satisfaction.    • Performed HR Manager duties based on business needs and filled in as HR Manager when scheduling conflicts  occurred, and no HR Manager was onboard. Conducted initial HR screenings and interviews for Casino, Food & Beverage, Guest Services, Housekeeping and Revenue Partners to ensure a robust talent pipeline. IT Applications Engineer / IT Business Analyst Royal Caribbean Cruises, Ltd - Miami, FL August 2005 to January 2013 Performed all levels of support for internal and external Stakeholders initially as an IT Business Analyst transitioning to an IT Application Engineer supporting over 40,000 end users. Built Windows and Linux servers in VMWare, installed and  configured applications, deployed new features, fixed defects, provided technical assistance and training for technical  teams as well as end users. Aligned all SDLC and Project Management phases as the SME and Jr. PM based on project  resource needs. Ensured all applications met security requirements including, but not limited to PCI compliance, password complexity, audit trails, segmentation, vulnerability scans, network configurations (DMZ and firewall rules.  • Sole Subject Matter Expert for SaaS Global Enterprise Application, Kronos Workforce Timekeeper for over seven  years. Managed vendor relationship with Kronos Incorporated working with their Sales, Support and Project  Teams. Completed thirteen new implementations as well as thirty-one upgrades. Ensured Stakeholders from Finance/Payroll/HR, Casino, IT, Guest Services, Housekeeping, Food & Beverage, Onboard Revenue and Marine  had the appropriate functionality, integration, and interoperability.    • Engaged and interacted with Business Stakeholders in Finance/Payroll/HR through interviews, workshops and work shadowing to gather and develop problem statements, detailed business requirements, process workflows  and use cases. Translated functional requirements into executable test scripts. Led SIT (system integration  testing) and UAT (user acceptance testing). Mentored and trained IT Support Teams, Payroll/HR Teams and end- users from various business units.    • Partnered with Finance/Payroll/HR and Casino Business Stakeholders as the Subject Matter Expert for Arcade  and CrewDebit applications. Provided hands-on support for Linux VMWare server implementations, upgrades and cashless kiosk integrations in over thirty locations. Increased employee generated revenue by 35%. IT Training Specialist & Employee Development Royal Caribbean Cruises, Ltd - Miami, FL July 2003 to July 2005 Maintained a training budget of $350K and provided monthly updates to the CIO, IT Finance Director, and IT Managers.  Facilitated IT Training Committee meetings to discuss industry trends and assess training needs for the department.  Prioritized, planned, coordinated and delivered all training and employee development for the IT department.  • Tracked and reported on the success of the training programs and materials. Established ROI to business goals  and measured organizational KPIs. Collaborated with Department Managers from IT, HR, Inventory/Supply  Chain, Sales and Marketing and created proprietary CBTs to increase the Learning Management System (LMS)  utilization by 25%.    • Utilized training documentation and learning tools (user guides, FAQs, email campaigns, etc.) to enhance the user experience and provided technical support to 700+ end users. Authored and maintained eLearning project  plans, storyboards, training materials, and documents involved in the development of eLearning modules and courses.    • Co-chairman for IT employee development programs that provided opportunities for leadership development, continuous improvement, and volunteering for projects outside of their assigned functional areas. Involved as  an active participant in various company-sponsored programs that provided support to guests and crew  members affected by a natural disaster or cruise incident as well as other community service activities. Education M.Ed. Lesley University Bachelor's in Education University of Southern California - Los Angeles, CA Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/klmarkey Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) August 2017 to Present