Senior IT Analyst Senior <span class="hl">IT</span> Analyst Sheboygan, WI To obtain a full time position in an IT related field which utilizes the skills I've acquired throughout my career. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior IT Analyst Nemak - Sheboygan, WI July 2018 to Present Work with a team of IT professionals across the country to maintain, upgrade and support the needs of a large multi-site manufacturer. Duties included supporting Windows Servers, Active Directory, Office 365 while implementing new technologies and policies across the organization. Project/ IT Manager Sheboygan Area Credit Union - Sheboygan, WI April 2003 to January 2018 Worked in senior management overseeing operations of a $50 million financial institution. Administered and supported a network that consists of VMWare vSphere, MicroFocus Open Enterprise, Suse Linux Enterprise Server, Microsoft Server, Windows 7 operating systems. Provided IT and data processing support to employees. Participated an annual budgeting and procurement of hardware and software. Researched, recommended, and managed a successful data processor conversion. Key party involved with acquiring another financial institution. Computer Technician Computer Renaissance - Sheboygan, WI August 2000 to April 2002 Repair computers brought in by customers. Prepare used computers for sale. Build new computers for sale. Provide over the phone support to customers. Sales of computers and other related items. Byte Head Computer Solutions Repair Computers - Sheboygan, WI November 1998 to August 2000 and 05/97 - 07/98)  Repair Computers brought in by customers. Provide Internet technical support to customers. Configure computers for Internet access. Computer Sales. Deliver and setup customer's computers. Support Local Area Networks in local businesses. Education High school or equivalent Skills MICRO FOCUS (10+ years), MICROFOCUS (10+ years), PROCUREMENT (10+ years), TECHNICAL SUPPORT (10+ years), BUDGETS (10+ years), Microsoft Office (10+ years), Microsoft Server (10+ years), Active Directory (10+ years) Additional Information PROFESSIONAL SKILLS  • Leadership & Team Work • Project Management • Hardware Procurement  • Information Systems • Finance and Budgets • Technical Support  • Regulatory compliance • Productivity Improvement • Business Management    Technical Highlights:  A+ Certified, Hewlett Packard LaserJet Certified, Novell Netware 6.0 and 6.5, MicroFocus Open Enterprise Server, MicroFocus ZenWorks, GroupWise, Windows 2003, 2008, and 2012, 3Com NBX, Over 22 years professional experience.