SENIOR PROJECT MANAGER SENIOR <span class="hl">PROJECT</span> <span class="hl">MANAGER</span> SENIOR PROJECT MANAGER - Healtheconnect Alaska Phoenix, AZ Over fifteen years of Project Manager experiences in Healthcare Information Technology and computer science, engineering, interoperability with health data exchange technologies. Experiences include being the IT Director, Director of Technical Services and Project Manager with excellent skills in leading IT enterprise projects; - Lead in the system architecture and design and deployment of the BHINAZ HIE and Lab certified interfaces - Successful in deployment of enterprise solutions, provider and patient portals solutions. Developed IT departments for high-growth health care organizations. - Guided cross functional teams in launching of leading edge enterprise solutions with energized results, excellent communication and technology strategies and the full deployment of an EMR in a hospital environment. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience SENIOR PROJECT MANAGER Healtheconnect Alaska May 2018 to Present • Administer the development and deployment of the Alaska Health Information Exchange project through appropriate use of FTE, financial material, intellectual and tangible resources to ensure delivery of business benefits of the areas of expertise.  • Developed a detailed scope and subdivide the project work into smaller more manageable components.  • Defined, sequence, estimate resources and activity duration to develop a baseline schedule. Monitor status and manages any changes to the schedule baseline.  • Work with the project team in quality requirements / standards and documents  • Manage expectations by communicating / addressing issues as they occur, and exchanging accurate, appropriate and relevant information using suitable methods.  • Identify risks, perform risk analysis, plan risk responses, and monitor and controls risks for this project. SENIOR PROJECT MANAGER Orion Health international - Scottsdale, AZ February 2017 to May 2018 Lead global healthcare software initiatives that delivers healthcare solutions to the healthcare industry. The software for healthcare providers from integration through Care Coordinate to Population Health management and precision medicine.  • Lead a global team in installation of HEDIS, Pop Health and Coordinate software using the AWS cloud services.  • Managed the installation of HL7 communication points for large HIE solutions across the country to establish secure HIPAA compliant technology in order to exchange Patient Health Information.  • Responsible for the successful delivery of all projects - to time, quality, cost, and outcome metrics  • Identify, track, manage and resolve project and client issues  • Identify and resolve discrepancies between project scope, resources and timing of milestone deliverables PROJECT MANAGER True North ITG - Tempe, AZ November 2016 to February 2017 Managed the outsourcing customer based to True North cloud services. computing needs means experiencing enterprise-class support and production, boosted by our three pillars: agility, efficiency, and resilience.  • Managed the integration of certified VMware® cloud with pay-as-you-go infrastructure for customers. Also, our status as trusted VMware Enterprise Partners ensures our certified service team is in place to augment existing IT staff.  • Managed the customer migration plan to up-to-date, secure, and resilient cloud available with managed services provided by dedicated VMware Enterprise Partners. DIRECTOR OF TECHNICAL SERVICES / PROJECT MANAGER Behavior Health Information Network of Arizona - Phoenix, AZ August 2015 to October 2016 Lead in the design, installation and integration of the Behavior Health Information Network of Arizona large Behavior Health Clinical Integration Network HIE architecture solution that address the Behavior Health Community interoperability needs for foundational platforms to meet the emerging Crisis behavior health community needs. Platforms that address the strict HIPAA & 42 CFR Part 2 Consent requirements while providing flexible information needs to the end users.  • Assisted states readiness for the CCBHC demonstration program under the Excellence Behavior Health Act.  • Directed the building of a Laboratory interface exchange for Sonora Quest Laboratory. Managed the successful certification process with Sonora Quest Laboratory.  • Managed a Clinical Health Information Exchange Portal data integration project for a Behavior health care organization with multiple data sources solution using Mirth Solutions as the interface platform.  • Building and managing the integration of multitude data systems into a single Clinical Data Repository (CDR) using data integration interface engines both in a federated data retrieval model and HL7 listening Model. Use of several HL7 2.x, CCD, CDA and CCDA data shedding approaches. PROJECT MANAGER HARRIS CORPORATION - Scottsdale, AZ May 2011 to July 2015 Orchestrated the installation and integration of the large Clinical Integration Network architecture solutions that address Customer's interoperability needs for foundational platforms to meet the emerging health care business needs. Platforms that address such as Physician Alignment, the Accountable Care Organization (ACO) initiative, and Population Health Management programs. I also managed projects involving Clinical Context Management (CCOW) solutions with clinical application synchronization solution deployment across large hospital environments.  • Managed a Provider Portal integration project for a large health care organization with CCOW solution.  • Managed a Patient Portal integration project for several health care organizations  • Managed the installation of a provider portal solution for a Canadian health care company  • Managed the integration of multitude of hospital data systems into a single Clinical Data Repository (CDR) as well as federated data retrieval models PHYSICIANS VIRTUAL IT ASSISTANT, DIRECTOR 2008 to 2011 Consultant that specialized in providing physician practices the expertise in making the electronic medical records (EMR) transformation. Provide leadership of key projects from inception to planning, launching, testing, and implementing to project closeout. Ascertain requirements and recommend the best EHR conversion path, directly collaborating with the practice manager on developing a new business and patient care work-flow. Consistently ensure optimal data security and HIPAA compliance and ARRA HITECH funding requirements.  • Lead in the selection/implementation/deployment process or EMR software solution for physician practices, reducing the overall IT costs by 40% for each practice.  • Capitalize on current technology for full system deployment, enabling provider's access to HIPAA secure data across an array of media. DIRECTOR OF IT GILA RIVER HEALTH CARE - Sacaton, AZ 2005 to 2008 Severed as Director of IT for compacted 837 Indian Health Service facility. Successfully lead the IT team including the installation of an EHR clinical solution and financial application. Lead the design and implementation team for a new Green Centric Data Center including the integration of a VOIP telephone system. Verified and integrated security controls to manage IT and HIPAA risks. Facilitated HIT strategic planning through the use of an IT Steering Committee. Established and nurtured an Information Service department best practices, disaster recovery, and business continuity planning. Responsible for all department budget management and financial oversight needs.  • Directed the timely and within a multimillion dollar budget the development and deployment of numerous projects: Including Enterprise wide Electronic Health Record (EHR), Computer Physician Order Entry (CPOE), Clinical Decision Support System (CDS) projects and the complete cut-over of the PBX Telecommunication system to VOIP across multitude campuses.  • Developed a productive work environment, building and challenging dynamic teams to optimum levels of performance through cross-training mentoring and constructive positive feedback. Recognized high staff retention with job satisfaction of 99% leading to high customer satisfaction. IT Operations Manager GEMINUS CORPORATION - Merrillville, IN 2002 to 2005 As IT Operations Manager, managed and oversaw four independent behavior health care agencies with 1200+ users, coordinating resource allocation, strategic planning, application deployment, team development, budget control, SOP development, security optimization, and reporting. Identified, recommended, and proposed insightful and innovative business values for the health care system. Served as project manager on numerous deployments. Integrated a diverse team of professional programmers, system engineers, and integration specialists. Administered systems and networks in multiple environments.  • Lead the IT operations team with the development and deployment of a clinical system solution.  • Optimized services with customer-centric philosophy, subsequently launching an award-winning helpdesk program and operating Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) that streamlined inventory distribution, warranty support, and repairs and solutions. Education Master of Business Administration in Information Systems in Information Systems Governors State University - University Park, IL Bachelor of Arts in Business Management E Epic in C Harris Governors State University - University Park, IL Skills MS Project (10+ years) Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) Driver's License PMI-ACP (Agile ) August 2012 PMI Agile Certification