SENIOR INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY ( IT) PROJECT MANAGER SENIOR INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY (<span class="hl">IT</span>) <span class="hl">PROJECT</span> <span class="hl">MANAGER</span> SENIOR INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY ( IT) PROJECT MANAGER - Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) Schertz, TX Work Experience SENIOR INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY ( IT) PROJECT MANAGER Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) - Schertz, TX 2011 to Present Lead enterprise-wide VA IT initiatives/ projects in the organization (with values ranging from $500K to $110M) from conceptualization to completion.  * Act as a member of the Enterprise Platform Program Team, in charge of handling projects on security, hardware, storage, capability enhancements, enterprise networking, healthcare, and patient delivery initiatives.  * Currently managing the following VA-wide Enterprise projects: 1) Fielding/ integration of the security infrastructure supporting the large and complex Cerner/DoD/VA Electronic Health Records Management initiative; 2) Deployment/ installation/implementation of the server/software suites supporting the Cerner/ DoD/VA Electronic Health Records Management initiative; and 3) Creation/activation of a 3-story, approx. 200k s.f. new construction health care center servicing est. 80,000 patients by 24 departments (Housing est. 900 PCs, 10 Telecom closets and a variety of IT-linked medical equipment/devices).  * Administer the interpretation of project goals and requirements, along with the creation of project schedules and plans to accomplish results within budget and time constraints.  * Build and supervise working groups and project teams in reviewing alternative approaches and solutions.  * Collaborate with major stakeholders to review progress, determine issues and risks, as well as formulate mitigation strategies.  * Contribute to the identification of potential touch points to decrease risk, improve value, and increase return on investment (ROI).  * Expertly draft and submit briefings to senior VA leadership and Program Integrated Project Team (IPT) regarding milestone achievement and project status.  * Oversee National Cardiology Assessment, Reporting, and Tracking System (CART) and Enterprise-Wide Speech Recognition projects.  * Function as a member of the IT project manager workforce development competency model and service metrics working groups.  * Serve as Chair for the Project Management Core Infrastructure Portfolio-Community of Practice working group.  * Mentor junior and mid-level project managers.  * Currently hold Tier 4R (BI-PRI) High Risk Govt. clearance.  Notable Accomplishments:  ? Successfully managed and completed the Interactive Patient Care (IPC) project, delivering IPC services to over 7,400 inpatient beds across 32 VA medical centers.  ? Most recent project success was the IT modernization initiative for the 7 VA Consolidated Mail Order Pharmacy (CMOP) fulfillment center locations which dispense and mail over 140M prescriptions a year.  ? Other complex project successes include network port security, System Center Configuration Manager (SCCM) operability enhancements, Enterprise Service Desk Activation (ESD), enterprise-wide end user security upgrades and centralized file storage implementation.  ? Consistently attained 100% project success rate, as well as sponsor and customer satisfaction for all projects.  ? Received annual performance awards throughout tenure in the company. SENIOR IT PROJECT MANAGER Center of Excellence - Fort Knox, KY 2010 to 2011 * Developed outstanding customer relations and satisfaction by utilizing stakeholder communication and management practices.  * Generated all needed documentation, while demonstrating skills in proven risk management techniques to reduce issues and risks.  * Acted as lead manager on disaster recovery, continuity of operations, and security initiatives.  * Capitalized on project management expertise by accomplishing various projects, such as cost development for cloud initiatives; information assurance and security compliance; BRAC-driven migration of organization  mainframe applications; and Command Continuity of Operations (COOP) and Disaster Recovery.  * Reviewed proposed and current service level agreements (SLAs).  * TS/SCI clearance  Notable Accomplishments:  • 428 Fawn Pass, Schertz, Texas 78154 • 210.858.9274 • 210.606.2038 • tony.vilt@gmail.com  ? Made substantial contributions in managing IT initiatives and projects, which led to their 100% completion in alignment with baselines and constraints.  ? Steered efforts in reducing various and serious deficiencies that were identified in three HRC Department of Defense (DoD) Information Assurance Certification and Accreditation Process (DIACAP) areas during the  Command's ACA inspection, which led to the provision of full ATOs for all deficient areas. PLANS AND PROJECT OFFICER US Army 21st Theater Sustainment Command - Kaiserslautern, DE 2009 to 2010 Led the development of plans and solutions in offering complete C4 support to 21 TSC garrison operations, along with multi-national and US exercise and short and no notice contingency operations in the African,  European, and Middle Eastern area of responsibility (AOR).  * Organized C4 projects for organizational moves from United States Army Europe (USAREUR) and European  Command (EUCOM) transformation and reorganization objectives.  * Assumed the role of planner, responsible for the development of the pandemic influenza continuity plan.  * Conducted the planning of all phases of communications and IT implementation and acquisition.  * Assessed the effect of new technologies on present and future policies and systems.  * Coordinated with subordinate units to guarantee the validation of communication and automation requirements, as well as their entry to the overall G6 budget.  * Drafted and presented business case submissions for emerging mission needs.  * Assisted with onsite surveys for review programs to identify the quality of services.  * Created and analyzed SLAs to guarantee the accomplishment and support to Command mission requirements.  * TS/SCI clearance  Notable Accomplishments:  ? Initiated the organization's G6 COOP and disaster recovery (DR) plan, which attained 100% proof of success  in full field testing environment.  ? Developed the charter, implementing a Configuration Control Board (CCB) for change management  operations.  ? Completed the implementation of an Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL) service delivery and improvement framework; as well as confirmed the migration of information of assurance directives.  ? Carried out the incorporation of unfunded requirements on the planning and budgeting process.  ? Pioneered the command's IT Portfolio Management program. CHIEF Data Center Operations and Network Services - St. Louis, MO 2005 to 2009 Strategically led various tasks of the Human Resources Command - St. Louis Technology Division Data Center, including large-scale data center network engineering; local, area-wide, and campus network operations;  telecommunications; infrastructure and call center support; and voice, VTC, and audiovisual operations.  * Supervised a staff of 26 civilian and contract workers in charge of rendering service to more than 1,750 local  users, as well as thousands of users throughout the U.S. and deployed locations.  * Developed and administered IT and communications ( IT/Comms) budgets.  * Master-planned and managed the following initiatives organization-wide:  - Life cycle acquisitions for all IT, communications, and infrastructure assets; and  - Proactive and remedial measures to guarantee compliance with the Department of Defense (DoD)  Information Assurance Certification and Accreditation Process (DIACAP).  * Assumed multiple roles such as CP-34 ( IT Professional) Program mentor; Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC)  Planning Team member; as well as coach, facilitator, and negotiator in overseeing team activities and initiatives.  * Determined and arranged developmental and technical staff training needs for appropriate technical, administrative, and team-building training initiatives.  * Assumed full accountability in requesting quotes, negotiating with vendors, and preparing all purchase requests.  * Managed the data center's physical security operations; worked on contract review boards; developed call  center operations; and monitored the achievement and surpassing of key standards.  * Established action plans for short-range objectives and unforeseen requirements; determined positions and skill  levels for services contracts; implemented change management strategies; as well as evaluated capabilities and created long-range strategic plans.  * Oversaw numerous functions, which included resolving complaints; developing and modifying position  descriptions; interviewing and selecting new employees; performing counseling and performance reviews of subordinates; providing award recommendations; identifying personnel for special projects; conducting strength  and weakness assessments; and functioning as project manager for various initiatives.  * TS/SCI clearance  Notable Accomplishments:  ? Developed and implemented a knowledge management program throughout St. Louis Technology Division.  ? Served as the driving force behind the successful emergency stand-up of call center operations at the Walter  Reed National Military Medical Center.  ? Proficiently streamlined continuous process improvement (CPI) methodologies.  ? Initiated the reassessment and modifications of service-level agreements (SLAs) and disaster recovery  methodologies to consistently ensure mission success.  • 428 Fawn Pass, Schertz, Texas 78154 • 210.858.9274 • 210.606.2038 • tony.vilt@gmail.com  ? Directed the Disaster Recovery (DR) and Continuity of Operations (COOP) programs; consequently repeating  100% successful command DR and COOP exercises.  ? Initiated capacity planning efforts to ensure resource availability for all current and planned operations.  US Army Criminal Investigation Command, Seckenheim, Germany DIRECTOR Information Management Division and Group S6 1997 to 2000 and 2001-2005  * Acted as the principal advisor to the group commander regarding the planning, execution, and management of non-secure and secure automation, communications, and networking technology.  * Provided technical expertise on security regarding automation software and hardware; and network operations  technology, such as local area network (LAN) and wide area network (WAN).  * Responsible for quality IT and communications delivery to all CID managers and criminal investigators on assignments and in offices across Europe, Western Russia, Middle East and Africa.  * Held accountable for identifying IT and communications requirements for criminal investigators deployed in Afghanistan and Iraq, as well as Bosnia and Kosovo.  * Took charge of the analysis and verification of the feasibility of advanced systems design and integration in the planned and established architectures.  * Handled the preparation of cost estimates for the purchase of new software and hardware, along with the selection and procurement of all IT and IM communications software and hardware.  * Formulated tactical, operational, and strategic objectives and plans.  * Oversaw information assurance and computer and network security operations, such as computer and network  vulnerability scanning, while serving as the information assurance manager.  * Deployed to Bosnia to confirm the provision of adequate levels of operational support to criminal investigators;  and to Kosovo to oversee the establishment of communications and network operations.  * TS/SCI clearance  Notable Accomplishments:  ? Effectively led the successful establishment of C4 support for covert operations within the theater through the integration of a command-wide secure communications network and the construction of the organization's  field office in Kosovo for deployed criminal investigators.  ? Functioned as a program manager for IT infrastructure, in charge of data operations and non-secure and secure voice and network improvements and implementations throughout the European area of responsibility.  ? Consistently attained distinction for the maintenance of the best Information Assurance and Information  Security (INFOSEC) programs in the command. Education Associate's Degree in Computer Science in Computer Science Community College of the Air Force Certifications/Licenses ITIL V3 September 2008 to Present Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) March 2010 to Present Federal Acquisition Certificate for Program/ Project Managers (FAC-P/PM) Senior Level July 2016 to Present Certified HealthCare Information Security and Privacy Practitioner (HCISPP) October 2015 to Present Certified Information Security Manager (CISM) September 2010 to Present Certified in Risk and Information Systems Control (CRISC) April 2011 to Present Certified Project Management Professional (PMP) July 2013 to Present Additional Information Innovative, highly organized, and results-driven professional with extensive experience in all facets of information technology, complemented with strong background in project management, healthcare, security, and mentorship.  Capable of reducing cost, establishing requirements, identifying solutions, and revitalizing problematic projects.  Effective at cultivating positive relationships with individuals of different levels and backgrounds.   Bilingual in English and German.   Disabled vet.  Possessed TS/SCI clearance at time of departure from the Department of Defense (DoD) and currently hold Tier 4R (BI-PRI) High Risk clearance from Veteran Affairs.