Sr Project Manager Sr <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Sr Project Manager - Estate Management Bellevue, WA * Costco Wholesale: 8 years (Information Technology)  * Consulting: 3 years (Product Group, Information Technology)  * Raytheon Missile Systems: 2 years (Information Technology)  * Starbucks Coffee Company: 2.5 years (Information Technology)  * Microsoft Corporation: 13 years (Finance, Information Technology, Human Resources, Global Programs) Work Experience Sr Project Manager Estate Management March 2019 to Present Managing two complex estates: Project Management, Construction management, Financial/Budget management  ? Managing and delivering IRS, Legal and Estate deliverables on time  ? Leading a construction team of 5-9 contractors Sr. IT Project Manager (FTE) - Information Technology Costco Wholesale Corporation February 2011 to March 2019 Building a Project Management and Portfolio Management Office  ? Managed the Pharmacy Replacement project for Costco US warehouses (500+): Team consists  of 85 FTEs, 8 Project Managers, budget of over $130M  ? Managed two large CRM Integration projects: Costco Ecommerce and Point of Sale (POS)  systems    Resume: Stephanie Hutchinson, PMP, SCP, CMS  ? Managed and deploy new technology projects and web applications for Costco Corporate internal  business areas: Deployed Google Apps for Business to the US and Canada Enterprise (35,000+  users) and Deployed Google Apps for Business to International-6 Countries (UK, JP, AU, TW, MX, KR)  ? Extensive interface with customers by creating, managing and leading them through the new  SDLC process  ? Manage and deliver all project communication (presentations) to Management, Stakeholders and Project team members  ? Major Accomplishments: Successfully deployed an Enterprise wide project. Deployed the first  SDLC. Completed 9 projects (Small, Medium and Large) after 1 year of employment. IT Project Manager (Consultant) JHA (Jack Henry & Associates)-Information Technology - Bellevue, WA October 2008 to February 2011 Rescued and Managed 13 active projects varying from conversions to software and infrastructure  implementations  Project Manager/ScrumMaster (Consultant) - Web Expressions-Microsoft Product Group  ? ScrumMaster for 4 project feature teams through engagement, stakeholder requirements, communication and status reporting from project initiative through closure using Agile Scrum  methodology  ? Managed the release process for Expressions Web V4 and other releases during the product  development cycle.  IT Project Manager & BA/FA (Consultant) - Port of Tacoma- Information Technology  ? Successfully rescued, implemented and deployed a new Human Resource system after 2 project  managers and other consultants failed  ? Responsible for creating, implementing, managing, driving all phases & deliverables within the SDLC from RFP (Request for Proposal) to contract negotiations, vendor selection,  implementation, deployment and support  ? Managed vendor budget, milestones, and project deliverables  ? Ensured all business objectives for the project were accomplished within time and funding  parameters  ? Major Accomplishments: All project milestones successfully accomplished with accolades from management, Rescued project after 2 previous consulting firms were unsuccessful. Senior Specialist I - IT Project Manager (FTE) - Information Technology Raytheon Missile Systems - Tucson, AZ November 2006 to September 2008 Managed, created and deployed new technology projects and web applications for RMS business  units including: Engineering, Program/Product Lines (AIM 9X, Javelin), Information Technology, Manufacturing and International License and Contracts  ? Created all requirements, demo scripts, testing scripts, communication plans, training scripts, lessons learned and issues  ? Managed business objectives deliverables within time and funding parameters  ? Extensive interface with customers by creating, managing and leading them through the SDLC  process for: business requirements, new application training, created detailed test cases, project  communication, deployment processes and other project support needed on the business side  ? Major Accomplishments: Awards - Engineering Team Achievement Award 09/07, IT Team  Achievement Award 11/08 and Operations Excellence Award 02/09. Cost savings per project  approximately $250,000 - $750,000. Functional Analyst (FTE) - Information Technology Starbucks Coffee Company - Seattle, WA July 2004 to October 2006 Product and Project Management for the SAP-HR module - Responsible for SDLC phases of assigned projects    Resume: Stephanie Hutchinson, PMP, SCP, CMS  ? Ensured business objectives of programs and functional areas were accomplished including: system  analysis, configuration changes, problem resolution, and process definition  ? Created all requirements, demo scripts, testing scripts, communication plans, training scripts, lessons  learned and issues  ? Managed the business units by assisting them with phases they were responsible for but not familiar  with: business requirements, system test and UAT test cases  ? Major accomplishments: Equity Edge Upgrade meeting SEC required timeline, IT-SAP Functional  Analyst for the BBS/PPI project for Directors to CEO. Program Manager (FTE) - Information Technology, SAP-HR Microsoft Corporation - Redmond, WA June 1989 to July 2004 SAP-HR Worldwide enterprise application Project Management, Program Management, Data and System analysis, Configuration, Problem resolution, Process definition and Testing  ? Major Accomplishments: Benefits module Implementation and system responsibility for the Global  Annual Review, Mergers and Acquisitions SAP lead for Navision & Great Plains, SAP Project  Manager for the Euro Conversion and SAP Project Manager for the Sales (Sable) conversion  Supervisor, Stock Administration (FTE) - Finance, Human Resources  ? Managed Microsoft's World Wide Stock Option Exercise Program  ? Managed Microsoft's Stock Option Exercise team of 6 Fulltime employees and 10 Contractors  ? Balanced daily, monthly, quarterly reports with business partners: Microsoft Tax and Payroll, the Transfer Agent and Brokers  ? Managed Microsoft's relationships with Brokers and the Transfer Agent regarding problem solving, goal setting and process procedures  ? Implemented a new stock system following a SDLC  ? Major Accomplishments: Balanced monthly stock trade financials of $140-900 million.  Compensation Analyst & International H/R Expatriate/Inpatriate (FTE) - Human Resources  ? Managed the Microsoft Worldwide Inpatriate/Expatriate program for 250 high level employees:  Central Contact for all employees on worldwide assignment, Managed cost estimates, Created tax  equalization summaries and employment contracts for long/short term assignments  ? Major Accomplishments: Successfully re-organized and streamlined the entire Expatriate/Inpatriate  program.  Stock Plan Administrator (FTE) - Finance  ? Managed worldwide stock-based compensation plans Portfolio Manager (FTE) - Finance The Portola Group Inc - Kirkland, WA February 1998 to November 1998 Investment Counsel for High-Net-Worth Individuals and Families  ? Provided personal comprehensive financial summaries (Financial analysis and Asset allocation  recommendations) to clients utilizing multiple in-house proprietary tools  ? Major Accomplishment: Successfully passed the Series 7 Registered Representative  Examination. Education Bachelor of Arts in Business Administration Washington State University, Pullman, WA & Seattle University - Seattle, WA Web Technology University of Washington - Seattle, WA French Paris Langue School - Seattle, WA