Senior IT Manager/ IT Director -Enterprise Database Services Senior <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>/<span class="hl">IT</span> Director -Enterprise Database Services Senior IT Manager/ IT Director -Enterprise Database Services Streamwood, IL Senior Manager / Director, IT. Excellence-oriented leader certified in current IT Management, Project Management, and Lean Six Sigma techniques to achieve project and organizational objectives, repair costly broken processes, restore stakeholder confidence, and energize workforce to generate lasting bottom line business value. Work Experience Senior IT Manager/ IT Director -Enterprise Database Services Ensono Corporation - Downers Grove, IL 2009 to 2017 Downers Grove, Illinois  $500MM IT outsourcing company (formerly Acxiom IT) focused on Cloud & Managed Services.  Senior IT Manager/ IT Director -Enterprise Database Services 2009 - 2017  Led day-day organization (30+) global resources supporting 14,000+ critical databases in a dynamic and fast paced IT outsourcing sector.  • Developed shared vision and aggressive goals resulting in a reduction of database cost from $47 to $29 per unit by consolidating scattered environments, transitioning from a custom to standard support model, cross training staff to support multiple technologies, and adding/pruning resources based on changing market conditions.  • Energized culture by implementing recognition programs, instituting robust technical training, providing spontaneous and structured feedback, and developing career paths for associates resulting in a retention rate of 96% (national average 90%).  • Created and enforced stringent change polices under the ITIL framework to reduce rework and implemented Root Cause Analysis (RCA) on support failures leading to a drop in rework from 7% to less than 1%.  • Developed and managed financials ($3MM budget) without cost over-runs by negotiating with IT vendors to reduce software & training cost, hiring "right fit" talent, and challenging expenditures (ROI) recovering over $20K in erroneous charges.  • Leveraged PMP certification to partner with PMO in planning, monitoring, and executing project activities such as Data Center migrations, software & hardware upgrades, and software releases with strong focus on Risk Analysis & Contingency planning resulting in a minimum of unplanned downtime.  • Devised key performance indicators (KPI's) to accurately capture, analyze, and report metrics (Microsoft Suite) allowing for faster and more reliable forecasting, costing, and managing of operational deliverables.  • Partnered with technical leaders daily (Network, Server, Storage, Database) to collaborate and coordinate critical software/hardware activities nearly from 91% - 99% success rate.  • Increased revenues $300K per year expanding product offerings adding Consulting Services, MySQL, Exadata, and Cloud Services (PaaS, AWS, and Azure).  • Mentored newer leaders (18) navigating IT Outsourcing sector in areas of resource management, vendor management, and process improvement.  • Analyzed customer current/future state business & technical requirements to devise Statement of Work (SOW) and Service Level Agreements (SLA) working with Sales to win $20MM new business and $40MM in contract renewals.  • Improved Net Promoter score from 6 to 9 by transitioning to a customer-oriented support model focused on building trusted and transparent customer partnerships. Team Leader Database Services 2007 to 2009 Managed day-day technical operations (12+) global resources supporting database environments (Oracle, DB2, MS SQL) for $20MM per year IT outsourcing client and served as point of contact for all associated database issues and escalations.    • Increased first-time incident closures by cross training staff to support multiple technologies while creating a knowledge base of defined fixes and workarounds.  • Partnered with 3rd party vendors to explore and implement new database technologies and features to expand company product offering and to leverage technical efficiencies to enhance customer business value.  • Coordinated technical support teams to improve NetBackup processes to guarantee 99.999% database availability and "point in time" recovery.  • Partnered customer application and support teams (Network, Storage, Windows, Linux) to plan and execute critical application code rollouts, software and hardware upgrades, and server or database migrations with minimum of unplanned downtime.  • Led process improvement projects to automate resource intensive database user creation process resulting in saving 3 FTE per year.  • Devised rate cards to more quickly and accurately cost customer RFQ database projects resulting in a drop from 5 day to 1 day turnover.  • Enforced IT Governance policies while hardening department IT audit procedures and security controls resulting in zero security breaches.  • Built company recognized offshore support model to achieve "follow the sun" support overcoming both cultural barriers and labor laws challenges resulting in $85K per year savings.  • Created and implemented client technical roadmaps and disaster contingency runbooks to ensure business continuity of supported database environments (CRM/HRIS/ERP). Project Management Consultant Ajilon Consulting Services - Rosemont, IL 2006 to 2007 Rosemont, Illinois, 2006 - 2007  Midsize consulting firm that supports a wide range of consulting & staffing services.  Project Management Consultant  Responsible for defining project scope, setting milestones, building (WBS) & implementing project plans (MS Project), managing matrix project team, and reporting progress to PMO.  • Managed cross functional teams to deliver critical $2MM VoIP upgrade project for regional call center which required detailed coordination with users and vendor (Sprint) to complete timely milestones with minimal service disruptions.  • Implemented rapid Infrastructure (VM) platform build-outs for development community to speed business application software rollouts to market. Education B.S. in Computer Information Systems DeVry University - Chicago, IL B.S. in Life Sciences Rowan University - Glassboro, NJ Links http://www.linkedin.com/charles-bonham