Senior Project Manager (Remote) Senior <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> (Remote) Senior Project Manager (Remote) - IBM Scottsdale, AZ A dedicated, versatile, and dynamic individual specializing in Project Management and Product Management. Successful track record at both large international and small entrepreneurial organizations in managing multiple projects to implementation and in developing products from inception to launch. Drive product strategy, vision and technology to improve business results and catalyze growth. Work Experience Senior Project Manager (Remote) IBM - Scottsdale, AZ August 2013 to Present Major Projects: SAP Virtual Machine Server Build, SAP Software & Database Upgrades, Data Center Exit Migration and Cloud Migration Projects  Specialty Skills: Installation Qualification for Server and Application FDA IQ)  Technology: Cloud Technologies, SAP, HANA, JAVA, Linux, DB2, MS SQL, Oracle, Virtual Machines/Servers, Network Troubleshooting, Cluster failover testing, Performance, Network  Managed Resources: Off-Shore, On-Shore    • Responsible for planning, directing and coordinating projects from initiation through activation for IBM Cloud Projects. Manages multiple cloud build, upgrade, and migration projects in the IBM Cloud organization.  • Responsible for weekly/daily project status reporting, project plan, meeting minutes, management reporting. Works with Solution Architects, Project and Account Executives, Internal Resources, and Clients to implement cloud technology solutions Senior IT Project Manager Charles Schwab - Scottsdale, AZ January 2011 to January 2012 Major Projects:  Installed a new Cash Management System - $500k  Implemented PEGA Systems Workflow Product - $2mm  Built interface to a vendor system that allows Advisors to produce proposals for retirement plans -$ 500k  Built interface to a participant advice vendor application - $1.1mm  Managed the business implementation of a new Data Management System - $2mm  Technology: Web Services, Oracle, Mainframe and Servers Resources: Off-Shore, On-Shore    • Responsible for planning, directing and coordinating projects from initiation through implementation. Managed multiple priorities and several high profile projects in a dynamic environment. Managed initial cost plan to monthly forecasts in Clarity and provided Monthly Project Reports (MPRs). Demonstrated ability to apply project management fundamentals to all phases of a project as supported by the Project Management Institute, Rational Unified Process, and the Agile/Scrum process.  • Excellent understanding of the project life cycle including initiation, project planning, budget management, requirements development, user acceptance testing, and ability to deliver associated work on a timely basis. Identifies and tracks project milestones, risks, action items, and issues.  • Lead cross-functional project teams and worked with business partners to determine and translate business requirements into technology solutions. Responsible for managing expectations, project costs, resources, change requests, portfolio metrics, risk and issues to ensure that maximum business benefit is maintained. Reviewed development estimates from teams and actively sought clarification/verification as appropriate.  • Developed and updated the Business Case through the course of the project and worked with the business to ensure business case objectives are met. Developed and managed project plans and ensured that the scope and approach were fully understood by all stakeholders. Ensured all systems of record for project reporting are kept current, and directed and monitored work effort on a regular basis. Monitored and communicated the progress of project delivery and ensures timely and effective communication of project status in terms of cost, forecast, schedule and assessment of risks/issues to stakeholders.  • Negotiated and influenced cross-functional teams to ensure appropriate resourcing levels are engaged and maintained throughout the course of the development life cycle. Pro-actively anticipates project risks and issues and ensures adequate mitigation is put in place to ensure delivery and quality is not compromised. Ensures effective change control procedures and processes are efficiently used to maintain control on scope, schedule and cost.  • Oversaw quality assurance as the test facilitator for the project and ensures appropriate levels of end-to-end testing resources across the project are deployed. Worked with business and development to create the User Acceptance Testing Plan. Sales & Project Management (Remote) Artisan Software - Scottsdale, AZ March 2009 to December 2010 Major Projects: Sales, Client On-boarding, Workflow, Compliance Rules, Document Management  Technology: Object Oriented, Web-Based, Oracle, Server-based Resources: On-Shore Only  • Provided guidance in the area of Product Management, Project Management, Sales/Marketing, and Relationship Management for Artisan Software's object oriented web-based SaaS enterprise back office data aggregation, compliance, suitability, and commission processing system product suite designed for the financial services industry (IBD's, Advisory Firms, Banks, REITs).  • Worked with new clients during the sales process to identify system gaps and managed development and on-boarding process. Handled the Sales and Contract Process with new prospects. Provided sales forecasting, data research, and evaluation of market trends. Provided oversight to the RFP/RFI process.  • Wrote high level business requirements to capture client needs. Prepared strategic roadmap, marketing campaigns/collateral, public relations strategy, press releases, and business plans for the company.  • Demonstrated ability to create and increase profits; develop and expand new and existing markets; manage clients; and effectively utilize technology. Responsibilities also included investigating viable business expansion opportunities. Designed and worked trade show booths. Senior Product/ Project Manager (Remote) Automatic Data Processing - Jersey City, NJ June 1999 to June 2008 Product Owner: Mutual Funds, Insurance Products, API's, Trust  Major Projects: API for Tax Lot Engine, Automated Rights of Accumulation functionality, Integrated Trust System into Brokerage System  Technology: Java, Web-Based, Oracle, Sybase, Mainframe-Cobol Resources: On-Shore/Off-Shore  • Responsible for the chairing of industry and internal user groups which discussed product direction and major system development efforts. Managed new system and enhancement development projects.  • Managed multiple project managers, team members, and consultants of large scale, cross enterprise IT software program, vendor integration, and conversion projects.  • Held project status meetings, prepared consolidated status reports, created software release and/or conversion plans, managed risk and issue processes, coordinated team tasks and work elements, and managed task assignments.  • Managed software development life cycle of projects including design, programming, testing, and implementation to align with business requirements. Acted as a liaison between implementation staff, management, and vendors. Proven experience in delivering quality projects and/or products on time and on budget. Prepared strategic project and business plans for senior management.  • Developed test plans, test scripts, and implemented testing procedures. Proficient and experienced in Waterfall and Agile development environments. Performs as the test facilitator to triage defects. Ability to marshal and motivate people to drive projects to completion.  • Evaluated existing application products, addressed client requirements, and developed recommendations where appropriate. Created and marketed new products designed to help clients take advantage of new business opportunities and/or supported existing processes. Responsible for the management and growth of a product line through strategic product planning.  • Participated in contract negotiation, product/ project funding & budgeting, product modification, advertising and promotion, forecasting, and product positioning.  • Created marketing information and marketed new products designed to help clients take advantage of new business opportunities and/or support existing processes. Assisted Sales, Marketing, and Account Management in major client initiatives that represented new lines of business, new processing capabilities, or other revenue enhancing activities. Designed and worked trade show booths. Coordinated and responded to client RFP/RFI proposals. Involved in vendor selection process for strategic partnerships and initiatives. Education B.S. in Computer Systems Applications American University - Washington, DC Skills Visio, Excel, Microsoft office, Outlook, Powerpoint, Word