IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> San Francisco, CA Confident, motivated and widely adaptable individual with about 3 years of Business Analyst/PM experience in  technology industry. Successfully performed functions such as planning, requirement gathering, tracking processes, defining  business processes, identifying risks, impact analysis, GAP analysis, UML modeling and activity diagram. Participation  throughout the Software Development Life Cycle and possess excellent analytical and communication skills. Work Experience IT Project Manager Populous Group, LLC - San Francisco, CA November 2017 to June 2019 • Act as lead liaison between core business units to design, develop, configure and implement new systems and enhancements of existing systems for Identity and Access Management implementation team.   • Worked with cross functional teams to gather business requirements and identify systems in scope and ensure it align with Program objective.  • Performed GAP analysis by creating AS-IN and TO-BE documents to identify potentials of the future state of system  • Assisted Program Manager to build Program Roadmap and develop Project Plan in Smartsheet.  • Documented requirements in form of User stories in JIRA to implement central access provisioning system which helped Uber to be compliant with SOX requirements.  • Closely worked with Functional BA in creating Requirement Traceability Matrix (RTM), Bum Down charts and backlog grooming in Jira.  • Responsible for organizing and tracking project progress in JIRA.   • Attend Standup meetings, Project Planning meeting as well as Retrospective meetings for updates and decision-making.   • Coordinate and ensure proper hand offs and sign offs to maintain process consistency.   • Facilitated UAT, ensuring that all errors were tracked and reported to development and management teams.  • Analyze requirements, document workflows and develop Process Diagrams using MS Visio.   • Perform analysis on complex data sets, create weekly and monthly reports for executive management using Pivot Tables.  • Extracted vendor data from database using SQL and performed Data cleaning and Data Validation on Excel Spreadsheets for analysis. Used Conditional formatting, achieving, VLOOKUP, HLOOKUP and Advanced Excel formulas to crunch vendor data and analyze it for achieving business goals Junior Business Analyst Infosys Pvt Ltd - Pune, Maharashtra October 2012 to June 2015 • Interviewed business area experts, asked detailed questions and carefully recorded the requirements.  • Participated in walkthroughs and inspection meetings with the stakeholders and other management teams in the Requirements Analysis finalization of the User Requirement Documentation and convert into User Stories.  • Utilized Agile Methodology to configure and develop process, standards and procedures.  • Supervise regular status meetings and supply appropriate management reporting.  • Conducted meetings with UAT team for the discussion of issues encountered by them during their Testing.  • Specialized in working with Technical staff to create, interpret, and implement business requirements into technical  specifications and use case. Education Master of Science in Information Systems in Information Systems California State University August 2015 to May 2017 Bachelor of Engineering in Electronics & Communication in Electronics & Communication Pune University - Pune, Maharashtra August 2008 to June 2012 Skills Excel (5 years), JIRA. (4 years), MS Visio. (4 years), SQL (2 years), use case. (2 years), SDLC (3 years), PM (2 years), Waterfall, Agile (2 years), UAT (2 years), Tableau (1 year), Information Technology, PMP Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/namratajadeja