Home Care IT Consultant Home Care <span class="hl">IT</span> Consultant Home Care IT Consultant - WellHome St. Louis, MO Experienced professional with strong analytical and strategic designing capabilities, skilled in the areas of business analysis, project management, implementation, networking, system design, technical support, training, and troubleshooting. Expertise in Engineering Management, Project Management, Infrastructure Engineering, and Business Analysis. An effective leader and team builder, with a proven success record in technical and managerial problem solving. Ability to adapt quickly and learn new technologies in a rapidly evolving environment. Exhibits extraordinary interpersonal, communication, and customer service skills. Possesses exceptional follow-through abilities and attention to detail, and is able to plan and oversee projects from conception to completion. Responds effectively to changing priorities and is comfortable multi-tasking in deadline-oriented environments.    TECHNOLOGY AND COMPUTER SKILLS  Concepts: Agile Methodology, Scrum Methodology, MPLS-VPN Architecture, ITIL process, Telecommunications hardware and software, OSI, TCP/IP protocols, VOIP, LAN/WAN, VPN  Applications/Tools: Microsoft Project, SharePoint, Visio, Xng, Clarity, EMPRV, ADMS, TIRKS, SIP, HP OpenView, Metasolv, ServiceNow, TRIS, Byers, Remedy, Microsoft Access, Microsoft Office 365, Primavera, VMWare Server, S&C SpeedNet Network Analysis, GE MDS Field Network Manager  Other: LAN/WAN Technologies, Wireless Technologies, 4G LTE, SNMP, Switching and Routing Technologies Work Experience Home Care IT Consultant WellHome - St. Louis, MO 2018 to Present • Setup and maintain the computer infrastructure.  • Maintain networks and telephones.  • Troubleshoot and resolve system issues.  • Provide technical user training and support.  • Manage the upgrade and installation of new hardware and software.  • Gather requirements and make software and hardware purchase recommendations.  • Make suggestions for improvements to computer systems. Engineer IT/ Project Manager Ameren - St. Louis, MO 2017 to 2018 • Led a project for testing the compatibility of Windows 10 and Field telecommunications applications, and led business and technology requirements gathering sessions for the effort.  • Managed a project for removing the obsolete EDACS (Electronic Digital Access Communication System) equipment from various microwave towers.  • Led a project for merging an OAS (Outage Analysis System) database with the ServiceNow application, to assist in tracking and resolving RFI (Radio Frequency Interference) issues.  • Administered Access database updates for telecommunications equipment installation.  • Managed multiple projects related to telecommunications radio installation for Transmission and Distribution substations.  • Performed the network design and analysis for various RTU (Remote Telecommunications Unit) and SCADA (Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition) installation.  • Served as a Point of Contact for the Distribution Automation department and Field Operations.  • Acted as a technical analyst to plan, estimate, design, and execute projects for the field operations.  • Modified the ServiceNow application for an improved task workflow process.  • Led requirements gathering and project topic meetings, tracked deliverables, managed SharePoint content, and provided reporting to the business areas, leadership, project stakeholders, and testing teams.  • Created Project Definition/Charter Documents and Business Requirements Documents; collaborated with several different IT areas to define the technical specifications for projects. Application Development Project Manager LRS - St. Louis, MO 2016 to 2016 • Worked as a Contract Project Manager on a variety of AppDev projects in the Healthcare field, for Barnes Jewish Hospital.  • Led a database and content upgrade of SQL and Linux servers.  • Managed a project to upgrade the Mobile Pharmacy with the newest Apple iPad version.  • Created a new database for Missouri Baptist Medical Center with automated reports, in order to facilitate real-time communication between doctors and medical staff.  • Mastered the Clarity, ServiceNow, and Microsoft Project applications. Project Manager of Engineering Implementation AT&T / CINGULAR WIRELESS - St. Louis, MO 2005 to 2016 Worked as a Project Manager to implement a variety of multi-million dollar technologies/OEMs, including Fujitsu,  Ciena, Alcatel-Lucent, Cisco, and Juniper equipment, on time and within budget.  • Utilized the following technologies/platforms to ensure uninterrupted access to all Cisco Unified Communications  Systems: Data Communications, Ethernet Technologies, and Switching and Routing Technologies, which were used inside of the Cisco 6500 equipment.  • Provisioned and Supported Existing infrastructure of Cisco Voice Adds and Changes to Voice Gateways, Cisco  Switch, T1s, and Call Routing.  • Acted as a key liaison / main point of contact for external vendors to ensure timely and accurate equipment installation.  • Successfully managed large scale, company-wide switch conversions from 1A ESS to Genband G6 throughout the entire project lifecycle.  • Led multiple groups of equipment contractors in decommissioning obsolete telecommunications bays; achieved greater than $500,000 in energy savings.  • Efficiently allocated and utilized 100% of the capital budget and minimize expenses on all projects.  • Prepared and delivered communications, written and oral, for stakeholders and vendors, including remote partners.  • Conducted meetings, created project plans, tracked deliverables and managed project budgets using Microsoft  Project; Maintained SharePoint content for multiple projects in a fast-paced networking environment.  • Supported LAN/WAN, Wireless, U-Verse, and Landline technologies by increasing Central Office network buildup.  • Served as a Project Manager to upgrade, modify, and enhance network legacy equipment.  • Led a project team to upgrade and enhance the company's colocation network.  • Assigned equipment to support the build program and other projects within the local market, including the successful initial and extended UMTS launch.  • Supported LAN/WAN/Wireless and Switch and Routing Technologies by monitoring and responding to complex technical control facility hardware and software problems.  • Collaborated with Central Office technicians to conduct equipment re-homing for a variety of projects.  • Executed multiple complex, multi-million dollar projects throughout all stages of the project lifecycle for Missouri and Kansas.  • Acted as a technical system analyst to estimate, design, and execute projects for Mobility offices.  • Monitored and performed detailed analysis on Abis reports, created presentations and memos to Senior-Level  Leadership; partnered closely with suppliers to request new T1 orders to ensure that corporate demand was met.  • Programmed ports to circuit paths for cell sites, trunks and intraMSC paths within the Xng database. Education Networking Vatterott College - St. Louis, MO July 2016 Master of Sciences in Electrical Engineering in Electrical Engineering School of Engineering Vinnitsa Technical University Skills access