Director IT Director <span class="hl">IT</span> Sr. Technology Leader | Digital Transformation | Omni Channel Experience | Cloud Transformation | DevSecOps Alpharetta, GA Hands-on Technology leader with 23 years of demonstrated accomplishments in transforming IT Teams across all phases of SDLC. Led IT teams across multiple channels of customer journey (Customer Care, POS, and Digital) through multiple transformations – Technology, Process and People. Great Collaborator with business leaders to make IT as a strategic partner in driving business results.  Patent winner for innovative time keeping solution. Work Experience Director IT Verizon Wireless - Alpharetta, GA May 2014 to Present Director - IT, B2B Digital (SMB, Enterprise, Fed/Government)   ? Architecture and development for B2B self-service portal (My Business) and mobile app  ? Cloud Native container strategy Technology Transformation  ? Cloud Migration of Legacy app  ? Dev-Sec-Ops Automation  ? Improved Digital Adaption to improve channel mix  ? Significant Reduction of order automation failures  ? Systems Rationalization – Decommission two apps Associate Director IT Verizon Wireless - Piscataway, NJ February 2010 to April 2014 Associate Director – IT, Point of Sales (POS) - Development, DevOps, Automation  ? Process transformation and governance for SCM of all POS apps  ? Launched Role Based Security (Authorization) for all POS applications  ? Establish and expand DevOps organization  o End to End automation – compile to deployment  o Proactive error monitoring and alerting  ? Resource Central Development for optimal scheduling of 30K reps  o Cost effective solutions of Tablet and Mobile solutions  o Resource Central reporting dashboard  o New applications like SLDB, Wireless workshops  ? Transformed POS QA with process re-engineering & Automation Manager IT Verizon Wireless - Township of Warren, NJ January 2006 to January 2010 Manager – IT, Customer Care Systems June 2007 to Jan 2010  Sr. Systems Analyst, Customer Care Systems Jan 2006 to May 2007  ? Migration of application from VC++ to .Net, C# to improve stability  ? Flawless rollout Partnering with HQ care to ensure service levels  ? Rollout Next Best Action for reps to help customers on call  ? Partnership with business (HQ Care and Areas) to prioritize the requirements  ? Introduced Agile practices with the new .Net based application development  ? Additional responsibility to migrate B2B reps to one platform Sr. Systems Analyst Fourth Technologies Inc - NJ August 2000 to December 2005 Technology Contractor worked in multiple technologies on mission critical projects with technology companies like Verizon Wireless, IBM Global Services and AT&T. Sr. Systems Analyst Ramco Systems, India - Chennai, Tamil Nadu September 1997 to July 2000 Development Lead for “Aviation” module - Boeing Alliance  ? Development Lead/Associate Group Head - Ramco-EAM  ? Member of Company level Quality Improvement task force  ? Unique opportunity to end to end modules (FE – VC++, DB - MS SQL server)  PROJECT ASSOCIATE, ICSR/DST – IIT MADRAS, INDIA Feb Project Associate IIT Madras, Chennai - Chennai, Tamil Nadu February 1995 to September 1997 PROJECT ASSOCIATE, ICSR/DST – IIT MADRAS, INDIA   ? Development of Objected Oriented Simulation Software for  Flexible Manufacturing Systems (FMS)  ? Planning and execution of milestones for the project  ? Consultancy works with industries using the developed s/w  ? Ongoing Quarterly presentations with sponsors Education Master's in Business Administration Fairleigh Dickinson University-College at Florham - NJ August 2007 to August 2010 Master's in Computer Integrated Manufacturing Indian Institute of Technology, Madras (IIT Madras) - Chennai, Tamil Nadu February 1995 to August 1997 Skills Customer Service, Strategic Planning, Vendor Management, Exchange, Excel, Software Development (10+ years), IT Management (10+ years), Executive Management (4 years) Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/SubbuVishnubhotla Awards Resource Central IT Partnership Award 2014-04 Verizon Wireless HQ Retail Operations team in their Quarterly face 2 face meetings, recognized the  Resource Central IT team for the best partnership provided. This is in recognition to  various enhancements built within Resource Central, Creating Resource Central  Dashboard with urgent reports and enhancing the RC Mobile functionalities to keep  reps and managers on the tablets. 2013 POS Ecommerce and Handset self service VP Leadership award 2013-02 In the kick off event to recognize the excellent leadership provided to the team through out the year 2012. Customer Care – Employee of the Quarter (4Q 2006) award 2007-01 Given by Executive Director Customer Care IT based on several criteria MVP Award in Customer Care IT 2006-12 3 awards in year 2006 US Patent award "Method and Apparatus for Timekeeping" 2014-09 Patent No: 8838486B2  Issue Date: 9/16/2014  Issued by: US Patent Office  This patent is filed for Resource Central timekeeping implementation in POS used by  VZW Retail stores for timekeeping by all retail work force. Best Leader results in Insights survey 2018-01 Based on HR's annual survey for employee satisfaction Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) Patents Method and Apparatus for Time Keeping (#13/658, 659) 2012-10 Additional Information Voluntary Teacher for Silconandhra Manabadi  Teach regional language classes (Telugu) for kids in course curriculum. On going activity for each academic year.  http://www.siliconandhra.org/manabadi/