IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager - Foxconn • Result- & self-driven - plan, propose, and manage IT projects that align with business  goals, and to proactively drive improvements & implementations.  • Customer-service oriented - committed to offering the best customer experience while  deploying IT solutions both internally and externally.  • Excellent communication - leverage technology and business acumen to communicate  effectively with users, clients, executives, and team members. Work Experience IT Project Manager Foxconn February 2014 to Present Define & drive "digital workspace" transformation vision and deployment that enhances  organization and knowledge workers' productivity by 30%, cut down on fragmentation of IT tools, reduce software & maintenance cost by 50% through analysis of existing  organization process and current trend of IT services, and deployed multiple solutions  that redefined how knowledge workers work.  • Assume full responsibility of deploying SharePoint 2016 based on the current and future  organizational goal. The platform provides 2,500+ users in individual and team-level the ability to collaborate on documents, sharing, and contents.  • Develop a new charge-back model to add revenue stream (~$30k+ annually) to the existing IT services catalog.  • Collaborate with cross-functional teams in designing, deploying, and maintaining  collaboration and video conferencing solutions such as command center, executive  briefing center, war room to help reduce employee travel cost, and to help key decision- makers to evaluate priorities, mitigate risks, and identify improvement opportunities.  • Spearheaded and launched enterprise Helpdesk support team from scratch by creating  and defining departmental functions such as mission statement, SLA, ticketing system, processes, functions, customer service to support Foxconn's 20+ regional offices in the  U.S.  • Technical writings - Create, contribute, and formalize 50+ SOPs, business processes, service applications, and technical documents to ensure consistency, reduction of errors,  and improve support specialists' performance and communications.    • Data analysis - Translate numbers to actuals, develop and maintain reports and KPIs for  4+ management offices to ensure operation aligns with business' strategy.  • Technical analysis - Provide feedback and contribute improvement suggestions based on  1,200+ monthly support requests to the cross-functional team such as product developers, IT infrastructure, or enterprise application development team to minimize overall IT  service downtime.  • Software development - led the 3-person development team in design & deploy custom  ticketing solutions based on internal analysis and requirements to achieve key business  objectives and 100% savings on potential licensing cost.  • Other operational functions include gather business requirements and translate into processes and technical solutions. Develop schedule, budget, R&R, and identify project  goals to ensure optimum project results. Established communications with clients, stakeholders, or executives. IT System Engineer Foxconn July 2012 to February 2014 Monitor & maintain 50+ networking equipment and systems such as AD, SMTP, Intranet, File Server, managed switches, application servers, backup servers, Lotus Notes server,  PBX, and conference system to ensure business continuity.  • Provide the on-site IT support for 4 local offices (800+ employees), 2 manufacturing sites,  3 smaller out-of-states offices, and SOHO (Small Office Home Office) users.  • Support services including but not limited to local site applications, printers, voice, LAN, Cyber Security/compliance, asset management & project support delivering.  • Draft IT project proposal, planning, and execution - annually, per management, or customer request.  • Coordinate site project execution and delivery while working with company Regional IT  and Central IT. Business & Fiber Optics Senior Network Specialist Verizon Communication 2004 to 2011 Managed executive escalations to ensure complete issue closures and customers  satisfaction.  • Performed various Verizon network product-related maintenance and support. Education Bachelor's Degree in Business Penn State University 2017 to Present Bachelor's Degree in Interdisciplinary Study UC Berkeley 1999 to 2001 Skills System integration, Integration Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/davidwliao Additional Information SKILLS & EXPERTISE    • System Integration • Cross-functional skills • Multi-cultural  • Service Solutions • Network/Servers experience in achieving  • Project Management Administration a favorable result