Software Engineer Software Engineer Software Engineer - GroundCntrl Inc Los Altos, CA Dedicated, adaptive college graduate with a passion for innovative and high-quality software, a  strong work ethic, and good teamwork skills. Experienced in learning new skills and technologies  and quickly applying them. Work Experience Software Engineer GroundCntrl Inc January 2013 to Present Conducted software QA testing and coordinated bug-fixing efforts with programmers  overseas.  - Web programming in PHP, Javascript, and PHTML.  - Additional maintenance and modification of websites through Amazon AWS and  Squarespace.  - Facilitated business operations by creating Python and MySQL scripts.  - Modifying and generating release assets in Adobe Photoshop. IT Manager America Tung Ling July 2011 to November 2012 Managed company computer and software systems to support in-office and retail operations.  - Researched and proposed acquisition of new hardware and software as needed for daily  operations.  - Coded automated scripts in SQL, PHP, Python, and Excel. Thompson Aerospace September 2010 to October 2010 Developed and tested Python scripts to facilitate office workflow and routine operations.  - Communicated with end users to refine requirements. Software Development Project Edison Mission Group October 2009 to June 2010 School project to design, implement, and deploy a financial dashboard system.  - Implemented a website and server-side python program to store and display data to users.  - Performed pre-development activities to create requirements and design documents.    Other Activities/Awards:  Dean's List (3.9 GPA) - Multiple Quarters  Member of Phi Beta Kappa honors society - Current    Portfolio:  http://www.pyrobugdesigns.net/ Education B.S. in Informatics University of California - Irvine, CA June 2010 Additional Information Technical Skills:  Nine years of programming in multiple languages, including: C++, C#, Java, Python. Additional  experience in: SQL Development, Microsoft Office, Microsoft Project.    Four+ years of industry experience in IT work and software design.    Completed project coursework covering a diversity of activities in software design, including  requirements development, architecture, usability testing, and software design and deployment.