SR Technical Project Manager SR Technical <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> SR Technical Project Manager - Commdex LLC/Department of Homeland Security Atglen, PA Resourceful Senior Technical Project Manager skilled in streamlining operations and maintaining schedules to ensure maximum customer satisfaction and business revenue. Expertise in coordinating diverse teams and resources to complete objectives. Organized and detail oriented with proactive and hard-working nature. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience SR Technical Project Manager Commdex LLC/Department of Homeland Security October 2014 to Present • Senior Project Manager upgrading the current Phone system, radio dispatch and network to Cisco UCCE VoIP with NICE logging recorders for four FPS Mega Centers located in Philadelphia, PA; Suitland, MD; Battle Creek, MI; and Denver, CO. Mega Centers provide NG911 support for all federal buildings nationwide.  • Oversee Multiple projects across all phases of development  • Managed the hardware, routers, switches, phones , and software development team , all the vendors and circuit providers. Monitor workflow and make timeline adjustments as needed.  • Develop status reports, cost estimates and resource plans, Make vital decisions and drive decision, Implement and maintain best practices, Manage resources and capacity planning, Pre & Post Sales support throughout the full life cycle of the project  • Designed, develop and implement quality-assurance and quality-control methodologies to ensure compliance with QA standards, federal regulations and customer specifications. Created and executed automated software test plans, cases and scripts to uncover, identify and document software problems and their causes.  • Conducted formal and informal product design reviews throughout the software and hardware development lifecycle to provide input on functional requirements, schedules and potential issues. Wrote and submitted IT security plan and Enterprise Architecture compliance documentation Senior Transition Project Manager for North America Zoetis January 2014 to October 2014 • Project Manager transitioning site services, help desk, Printers, Windows 7 to Win10 migration, client productivity, WAN, LAN, voice, AV video and server applications off of 31 North America Pfizer infrastructure locations onto Zoetis infrastructure Managed large scale data and software migrations involving routers, switches, firewalls, Avaya, Cisco UCCE Call Manager, Genesys CTI, IVR ACD and NICE recordings.  • Managed full scale AWS Cloud services roll out. Managed all components- Vendors, design, training and all roll out components. Collaborate with development to plan project sprints  • Managed and oversaw quality-assurance testing and teams for client software and systems development projects. Performed system, unit, performance, load, regression, stress and data interface testing. Provided client developer teams with detailed reports on quality metrics, identified bugs/flaws and recommended fixes.  • Responsible for ensuring developer met all milestones and goals as laid out in project plan.  • Reviewed, analyzed and evaluated change management requests for a thorough understanding of project direction. Generated and analyzed statistical data reports.  • Compiled detailed descriptions of user needs, Trained team members on development process  • Managed full scale merger acquisition, working within the PMO to consolidate equipment for entire North America branches. Full scale Office 365 roll out which included analyzing  • Ordered and designed SIP trunks, PSTN circuits and T1 circuits, programmed and helped install the circuits into the phone system. Provided Project technical support to all audio visual equipment required in office video conferencing systems including build-out, upgrade of Video conference/Crestron/ Polycom, Sony and Microsoft systems. Senior Project Manager EGS - Horsham, PA May 2013 to January 2014 • Managed full life cycle implementations of Cloud projects  • SAN/Disk Array upgrade/Data center migration- Moving all data from current platform to new 3par disk arrays  • Managed full scale merger acquisition, consolidation of equipment for entire North America branches  • Hands on Managed large scale data migrations involving server consolidation, software migrations, infrastructure consolidations, upgrades and moves. Order and maintained all SIP trunks, PSTN circuits, T1 and POTS lines  • Hands on Managed large scale implementation of Avaya, Cisco UCCE Call Manager, Genesys CTI, IVR, and NICE recording System,  • Managed AWS Cloud solution gathered functional specifications from the clients, Managed and set client expectations  • Led Software Development Group to implement functional software into each client's website  • Proactively initiated quality assurance policies and procedures to significantly reduce errors.  • Apply strong leadership talents toward interviewing job applicants, training new hires, and establishing and maintaining a cohesive work climate among team of five programmers.  • Delegate and prioritize workflow for programmers, troubleshoot and resolve technical issues, and diligently maintain company's response tracking database.  • Managed and implemented automated testing tools and programs addressing areas including database impacts, hardware and software scenarios, regression testing, negative testing, error/bug retests and usability. Full scale Office 365 implementation.  • Documented software defects using bug tracking system and reported defects involving program functionality, output, online screen and content to software developers.  • Delivered thorough QA testing reports that determined product quality and release readiness. Senior IT Project Manager Independence Blue Cross - Philadelphia, PA April 2012 to May 2013 • Managed building modernization project which involved each floor of 34 floor upgrade of Network switches, routers, firewalls, Cisco VoIP phones for multiple call centers, new cabling, new PCs.  • Project Manage the rebuilding of AV and conference room, order the equipment, manage conference room builds, designing the rooms, work out budgeting with vendors, and managing project to completion.  • Hands on Managed Cisco UCCE Call Manager, Cisco Call Manager Express, Cisco routers, swiches and firewalls, integration Telecom projects including IVR upgrades, NICE Recording upgrades, Genesys CTI, IVR migrations, MPLS trunk integrations, SIP trunk planning and design, WebEx services build out and migrations  • Order and maintained all SIP trunks, PSTN circuits, T1 and POTS lines Senior IT Project Manager De Lage Landen Financial Services May 2011 to April 2012 • Managed large-scale call center global Avaya VoIP core system implementation for 10 Europe and 3 North America branch  • Managed the development of standards, design, and migration of Application Service Providers into the Verizon Cloud Platform (VCP). Locate, trial, and onboard reporting tools across the platform in order to triage, monitor, and report KPIs. Collaborate with Vendors & internal Verizon teams to create a smooth onboarding process for each software defined network  • Manage construction of AV and Video Conference rooms locally and internationally upgrade and rollouts, Microsoft, Sony, Polycom, Crestron.  • Responsible for reviewing project technical status and making decisions to achieve project goals Senior Network/ Telecom Project Manager Harleysville Insurance - Harleysville, PA March 2010 to May 2011 Managed national UCCE CISCO Call Manager VoIP implementation project rollout for large scale Call Center 4000+ seats, WFM, IVR, ACD, voice mail, NICE call recording, Genesys CTI, MPLS and SIP trunk integrations. Senior IT Project Manager JP Morgan Chase - Wilmington, DE September 2009 to March 2010 • Managed Citrix server upgrade , SAP upgrades and WebEx services build out • Oversaw project-based initiatives, including upgrades to existing infrastructure and deployment of new Cisco VoIP and Salesforce technology as well as training of end-users on new changing systems  JP Morgan Chase- Wilmington, DE September 2009 -March2010  Senior IT Project Manager  • Managed precise scheduling for all acquisition and migration events including all equipment and resources for the data center migration, data center decommissioning, Avaya and Cisco Call Manager VoIP upgrade and implementation on an extremely accelerated schedule.  • Managed full scale roll out of software and hardware for merger and acquisitions. Consolidating equipment and standardizing platforms.  • Managed large scale global Call Center upgrade and deployment including Genesys CTI, IVR, CTI, WFM integrations and upgraded NICE recording system Senior Infrastructure Project Manager City of Baltimore - Baltimore, MD October 2008 to September 2009 • UCCE Call Manager Cisco VoIP implementation and Core system upgrade for entire city wide offices.  • Manage large scale data storage and Citrix /exchange project updating the firmware and migrating software from merger acquisitions, data center migrations production and disaster recovery.  • Managed VoIP implementation project rollout for large scale Call Center including all the components, network switches, routers Sr. MIS Project Manager Worley Parsons Group, Inc - Reading, PA February 2002 to October 2008 • Managed all network and UCCE Cisco Telecommunications upgrades for all field sites and East Coast Operations. Managed all technical mergers and acquisitions by consolidating equipment and standardizing platforms.  • Managed technical platform implementations and integration with Cisco, Verizon and third-party software.  • Teamed with engineering to design and manage consistent and reliable network and telecom systems. VP of Information Technology/VP Project Manager TCIM Services Inc - Newark, DE August 1998 to February 2002 • Managed, implemented and deployed large scale Infrastructure projects as well as directed teams regarding the support of both new and existing IT Services to ensure procedures and documentation are in place to effectively support the customers of those IT Services. Hands on managed a combined team of engineers, technicians and programmers as well as assisted in the Design, installing and managing all WAN/LAN Network, AVAYA PBX , IVR, Genesys CTI, for Contact center and communications for three branches in a large busy call center and data center environment. Managed, designed and implemented NICE Recording system  • Managed all IT purchases for three busy calls center including PC, telephones, Router, circuits and services as well as maintain Vendor management on PRI & T1 circuits with AT&T, Verizon Sr. Network Engineer QVC - West Chester, PA June 1996 to August 1998 • I maintained and installed a diverse network of Cisco routers and switches  • Configured, installed, serviced HP terminal servers, Windows 95-NT, Lotus Notes  • Configured/installed and maintained Codex, AT&T Paradyne CSU/DSU modems  • Performed adds, moves and changes to the Avaya G3R Definity phone system  • Configured and installed T1 equipment, Sonnet, Fiber Optic digital and analog circuits Sr. Communications Engineer Bell South - Roanoke, VA June 1986 to June 1996 • Implemented PBX and Call center Call flow design, IVR, ACD, trunking and implementation of these systems.  • Installed and maintained pole to pole aerial cabling and in house plant cabling  • Met with Business groups to determine requirements and ensures that specifications and timelines were met and implemented properly.  • Assess current call center designs and provided recommendations for streamlining / process improvement to the Telecom Manager and Business owner. Education Masters in PMP Boston University 2011 BSEE Bob Jones University 1984 Skills budget, Outlook, Scheduling, Estimating, maintenance