Project Manager for USPS project <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> for USPS <span class="hl">project</span> Project Manager for USPS project - NORTHROP-GRUMMAN Youngsville, NC Work Experience Project Manager for USPS project NORTHROP-GRUMMAN - Raleigh, NC 2014 to Present Translated business user concepts and ideas into comprehensive business requirements and design documents.  ? Gathered the business requirement and Prepared and reviewed Long Term Forecast (LTF) and monthly forecasts/actuals at Leadership Team Meetings.  ? Created project plans in accordance with project management framework standards and procedures.  ? Identified ongoing issues and gaps within project plans, in order to eliminate implementation issues.  ? Developed process mapping of current and future business processes.  ? Prototyped new procedures and trained new users on software enhancements.  ? Improved timeframes for more than 50% of projects by successfully maintaining change management process.  ? Create estimates for baseline financial projections  ? Ensure projects are completed on-time  ? Serve as organization spokesperson on advanced projects or programs  ? Manage multiple projects on a daily basis  ? Keep project status up-to-date in tracking system  ? User SME in Service Now, Swim lanes, Reports and general usage (prior Change Control Manager)  ? Familiar with SharePoint  ? Summarized project findings and implications of technology changes institution wide for project manager and tracked  ? Integrated business solutions with organizational goals while reaching consensus of the stakeholders.  ? Understand the business requirements and identified gaps in different processes and implemented process improvement initiatives across the business improvement model.  ? Involved in special projects and provided ad hoc / special analysis as required (e.g. revenue recovery efforts, review of business practices)  ? Developed existing reports which are required to run day to day business like daily/weekly machine consumption reports or daily shift revenue report.  ? Established process to enter and process the transaction level details and thus built a process to produce key KPIs and a BI solutions.  ? Performed business process analysis of current business processes and provided recommendations for improvement  ? Translated manual business processes into automated processes  ? Evaluated the functionality of existing software systems to assess opportunities for improving work flow and/or provide other efficiencies  ? Managed systems maintenance and modification projects for multiple systems, coordinating the work from initial request through estimation, approval, requirements, build and implementation.  ? Documented business requirements, functional specifications, use cases, business rules, process flow diagrams using industry accepted methodologies and templates  ? Facilitated functional and user acceptance testing (UAT) Branch Head Special Attractions/ IT Support Manager STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA - Raleigh, NC 2008 to 2013 Provided hardware, software, and network problem diagnosis and resolution via telephone and VPN-Remote Support for customer's end users. Utilized Call Tracking System to document and manage problems, work requests, resolutions and circumventions.  ? Successfully rectified special project to install new VPN client on all computers where the server deploy failed. Surpassed expected end date by two weeks while staying within forecasted budget.  ? Maintained corporate Active Directory accounts and hardware containers based off of corporate standards.  ? Recognized by management as best Agent of the Month after only three months service.  STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, Raleigh, NC 2008 - 2013  Branch Head Special Attractions/ IT Support Manager Senior Systems Administrator AT&T CORPORATION - Durham, NC 2000 to 2008 Directly Supervised, trained and motivated three groups of IT Specialists in different locations and with specific qualities  ? Indirectly Supervised, trained and motivated 25 information technology professionals to achieve maximum performance, on-site and remotely.  ? Created a comprehensive work request entry and tracking system that reduced work effort by more than 33%.  ? Created and maintained an issues reporting database that reduced issue analysis and troubleshooting times by more than 50%.  ? Created SOPs and Work Instructions that reduced time from work request entry to product delivery by 25%.  ? Leveraged Six Sigma Green Belt skills against more than 10 internal processes that reduced duration by more than 25% and improved quality by more than 50%.  ? Created team scorecards and a dashboard that allowed others outside the team to review team and project metrics and statuses.  ? Analyzed and restructured a legacy process that reduced process duration by 75% and generated an additional $750k in revenue opportunities.  ? Created several key Excel reports that simplified the visualization of big amounts of data for Management  ? Ability to work with minimal supervision and communicate with staff and clients at all levels of the organization.  ? Analyzed, designed and managed departmental databases to increase efficiency in metric reporting. Monthly trending reports distributed to executive staff.  ? Extensive experience in interviewing and talent selection process.  AT&T CORPORATION, Durham, NC 2000- 2008  Senior Systems Administrator  ? Performed scheduled maintenance, security updates, and routine monitoring of TSA Enterprise Clustered Windows 2000 & 2003 Servers  ? Created, managed, and monitored group policy assignments to Domain wide OU's  ? Headed project to upgrade security network using Cisco  ? Coordinated, monitored, and troubleshot to isolate and diagnose common and unusual server problems: documented system events to ensure continuous functioning. Recommend course of action and implemented as approved.  ? Part of a team rolling out a Windows Vista solution/upgrade to 500 users.  ? Provided desktop support for entire refinery.  ? Lead and participated in meetings for maintaining server, network, and application security for all niche refineries at [company name].  ? Participated as VMS security team member providing new user access and support while maintaining security standards and sop's.  ? Performed operating system quarterly patching as well as Autogen performance tuning to achieve system standardization.  ? Implemented LDAP network sign-on for several business units allowing for windows sign-on to VMS lab servers and maintained security for the system.  ? Provided systems console management of over 200 VMS and Unix systems through ConsoleWorks that improved enterprise system crash notification by up to 10 minutes.  ? Maintained over 3 years of continuous uptime for the Pittsburgh Regional Lab System.  ? Received ITIL certification and training.  ? Done Design, Architecture and implementation of Virtual environments including VMWare ESX/ESXi and Cisco UCS  ? Performed OS installs and administered Oracle Solaris, Linux and Windows 2012/2008 Enterprise servers, Deployed Virtual Machines, maintained, troubleshot and configured applications. Automated many tasks using Korn shell scripts  ? Analyzed and resolved complex enterprise system hardware and software problems; Interfaced with DBAs, software development, network support personnel and vendors for solutions  ? Done Storage Administration on Clariion VNX & Symmetrix VMAX. Used Veritas Storage Foundation software  ? Administered Symantec NetBackup. Worked on EMC Data Domain 890/990. Deployed NetBackup software for Master, Media Server and clients, Resolved daily client backup failures and worked extensively on NetBackup  ? Configured alerts and Monitored reports using Symantec OpsCenter  ? Supported Web applications and worked extensively on IIS. Worked on software tools such as Microsoft SCCM, Patchlink and HP SIM  ? Collaborated with team members in multiple locations  ? Managed servers in different geographic sites  ? Part of a 24X7 on-call rotation with other team members. Education Bachelor of Science in (BS), Mechanical Engineering New Jersey Institute of Technology - Newark, NJ Skills Pmi, Itil, Change management, Process engineering, Business case, Critical path, Integration, Six sigma, Quality assurance, Budget, Scheduling, Maintenance, Word, Outlook, Estimating Certifications/Licenses Driver's License Additional Information CORE COMPETENCIES    ? PMI Project Methodologies  ? SCRUM Methodologies  ? Agile Methodologies  ? Budget Control  ? Critical Path Analysis  ? Process Engineering  ? Scope Definition  ? Business Case Assessment  ? Six Sigma Yellow Belt  ? Quality Assurance  ? Technology Integration  ? ITIL Framework  ? Conflict Resolution  ? Cross-Function Leadership  ? Lifecycle Development  ? Change Management