Project Manager/Business Analyst <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>/Business Analyst Project Manager Evans, GA Work Experience Project Manager/Business Analyst SRS NUCLEAR FACILITY - Aiken, SC May 2012 to Present • Develop and/or analyze project proposals to determine time frame, funding limitations and appropriate process for accomplishing projects  • Establish work plans and resourcing for project activities, iterations or phases, and arrange for recruitment or assignment of project personnel  • Identify and schedule project deliverables, milestones and required activities and tasks  • Develop and implement project communication plans  • Perform project risk assessment, and implement mitigation plans  • Monitor and control project activities, ensuring the currency, quality and integrity of the information  • Ensure that project goals are accomplished and aligned with business objectives  • Provide leadership and motivation to project team members throughout the project life cycle, and confer with project staff to outline work plan  • Maintain appropriate project documentation in accordance with program compliance requirements  • Prepare and deliver oral and written project status reports  • Prepare and review vendor contracts and other associated documents  • Develop and maintain effective working relationships with peers, subordinates, supervisors, vendor representatives  • Collaborate with internal and external project stakeholders  • Assign duties, responsibilities and scope of authority to project personnel and monitor progress  • Support and maintain current CRM: web interface, middle ware and data integration processes  • Understand and contribute to the application and data architecture design  • Perform system integration, application development, QA, and deployment of various applications  • Manage the integration of applications connected to Salesforce.com.  • Work directly with business stakeholders to understand requirements, define and optimize processes, and help drive process improvements to meet business operation needs using Salesforce.  • Engage with other departments to gather & analyze requirements and propose solutions that leverage Salesforce functionality. Translate solutions into actionable deliverables, ensuring high levels of quality, accuracy and process consistency.  • Assist in developing clear end-user business requirements and specifications when custom development is required.  • Document and maintain processes, policies, application configuration and help related materials for users as Salesforce applications are developed.  • Perform data management tasks, such as bulk ownership changes, importing purchased lists and data cleansing  • Audit, uncover and resolve data integrity issues  • Regularly perform data de-duping and cleanup procedures.  • Manage mass imports and exports of data using Data Loader.  • Use Reports, SOQL Queries to pull required data from Salesforce.  • Excellent interpersonal, written and verbal communication skills.  • Ability to multi-task in a fast paced, constantly changing environment.  • Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills.  • Aptitude for understanding and troubleshooting technical problems.    PHONE: 706.421.7069 - 597 Blue Ridge Xing - EVANS, GA. 30809 - JON.WOLKE@GMAIL.COM SALESFORCE IMPLAMENTATION ANALYST ADP - Augusta, GA December 2008 to April 2012 • Worked as a liaison among business stakeholders to understand business problems and opportunities in the context of requirements and recommend solutions that enable the organization to achieve its goals.  • Performed all client Service Analyst functions, including managing issues involving multiple teams in multiple locations.  • Recommend changes in workflows and practices to maximize effectiveness and efficiencies for the work unit.  • Plans information architecture by studying the site concept, strategy, and target audience; envisioning user-interface design; and designing information structure, work and data flow.  • Conducts design and code walkthroughs, peer reviews, and produces technical documentation.  • Maintain compliance with system requirements by ensuring data integrity across all systems. IT PROJECT MANAGER RBW LOGISTICS - Augusta, GA January 2006 to December 2007 • Assisted in design and development of specifications for hardware topology and software programs.  • Perform analysis of the business units to identify opportunities and challenges and make recommendations for process and system improvements.  • Communicated with management on all IT related issues, changes, reporting and impacts ensuring that comprehensive information is provided, in charge of eliciting, analyzing, and documenting the requirements for processes, policies, and the information system.  • Projects dealt with infrastructure, new server, server storage, and transportation software development. BUSINESS ANALYST(HIPPA) UNIVERSITY HOSPITAL - Augusta, GA January 2004 to December 2005 CONTRACT    • Informed doctors of new HIPAA regulations informed them of network and software updates that needed to be instituted.  • Responsible for managing inventory, documentation, and care of 32 satellite clinics with an approximate value of $1.3 million.  • Work with peers, stakeholders and project team to prioritize requirements and gain approval on defined requirements and artifacts, assisting with issue resolution.  • Developed scope management plan to aid in execution of project keeping project team aligned.  • Elicit business and user requirements via interviews, workshops, questionnaires, surveys, site visits, workflow storyboards, use cases, scenarios, user stories, process modeling, analysis of existing systems and documentation, and other methods PROJECT COORDINATOR GA SOUTHERN UNIVERSITY - Statesboro, GA January 2003 to January 2004 CONTRACT    • Including introducing project schedule, arranging and conducting meetings, and communication direction effectively among team members and department managers.  • Translate conceptual business and user requirements into functional requirements in a clear manner that is comprehensible the project team.  • Support requirements throughout design, development, testing, implementation and transition phases. Education BS in COMPUTER SCIENCE DEVRY UNIVERSITY Skills budget, Scheduling Certifications/Licenses Driver's License