IT Security Consultant, Initiative Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Security Consultant, Initiative <span class="hl">Manager</span> 20+ Years of Enterprise IT Management Experience - Exploring New Opportunities - Available "PeterSokolowski@outlook.com" Gilbert, AZ Highly skilled and experienced IT leader with a reputation for delivering effective and innovative IT solutions. Extensive background in IT senior management with a focus on enterprise infrastructure, security cloud technology, and operations. Logical and sound decision-making skills provide ability to effectively prioritize and overcome challenges of managing multiple engagements. Career record of surpassing client and organizational expectations.    IT Security * Agile * Project Management * Infrastructure * ITIL * Disaster Recovery * Compliance Management * Solution Development * Data Center * Risk Management * Cloud Enterprise Architecture * IT Operations * System Engineering * Virtualization * Strategic Planning Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Security Consultant, Initiative Manager Wells Fargo - Chandler, AZ February 2018 to Present Enterprise Information Security, Cloud Security    As Initiative Manager for multiple Enterprise Information Systems efforts, I was responsible for ensuring that IT security controls were properly established, maintained, and implemented in the private and public cloud.    * Oversight in establishing a FedRAMP moderate compliant AWS platform, with future application to Azure, Pivotal, and Google.  * Managed FedRAMP baseline initiative that performed a detailed cloud gap analysis, policy mapping, and solution design..  * Managed team of twelve that included project managers, architects, engineers, business analysts, and external Deloitte resources. Senior Technical Project Manager MUFG Union Bank - Tempe, AZ June 2017 to December 2017 Recruited for abilities to successfully revitalize MUFG's core bank transformation project. Oversaw design, analysis, and engineering efforts in support of creating a new global IT environment utilizing VM, Cloud, and Datacenter technologies.    * Responsible for proactively leading the strategic direction of IT in partnership with senior executives and the board.  * Designed and engineered IT infrastructure 'future state' plan for Production, Contingency and Test Environments.  * Worked with software developers, assessed 350+ applications, and designed new hybrid cloud SIT, CIT, UAT, DEV, PreProd pipelines. Senior Technical Program Manager Bank of America March 2015 to May 2017 Global Technology and Operations    Directed IT security and systems engineering efforts in support of internal business units spanning the enterprise worldwide. Tasked with establishing and implementing project plans for vulnerability detection, remediation, and engineering services.    * Managed threat and vulnerability management programs including analysis and vulnerability management processes utilizing tools such as: Qualys, Symantec Enterprise Security Manager (ESM), Bladelogic, Tanium, Remedy, Maximo, and Tivoli.  * Managed enterprise IT audits, collaborating with business units and engineers to evaluate and remediate issues.  * Creation and approval of Disaster recovery (DR) plans, Business Continuity Plans (BCP), UAT scripts, and process documentation. IT Operations Officer (VP) Bank of America February 2008 to March 2015 Global Technology and Infrastructure    Oversaw, implemented, and developed IT solutions for Bank of America's Branch Operations. Responsible for maintaining technical and operational stability, innovating, implementing and managing IT solutions.    * Managed a team of 12 senior level consultants and 100+ contract associates implementing day to day technical operations.  * Managed IT environment across 3,500+ retail locations, 8 corporate headquarters, and multiple data centers.  * Directed $30M Countrywide Home Loans merger to Bank of America IT infrastructure standards. This included development, planning, and implementation phases affecting over 3,000 branch locations and 60K employees located nationwide.  * Managed design, support, and implementation of Chandler, AZ data center for Merrill Lynch and BofA systems.    ? Disaster Recovery  ? Vendor Management  ? Change Management  ? L2/L3 Support Oversight  ? IT Audit and Remediation  ? SLA/KPI Analysis  ? New Office Openings  ? Upgrades/Migrations Senior Enterprise Architect - Production Technology, IT Shared Services Countrywide Home Loans - Chandler, AZ August 2002 to February 2008 Recruited to develop and implement enterprise wide standardized IT processes and procedures in preparation for Countrywide's aggressive expansion into the mortgage lending market. Tasked with overhauling the entire server design and build process, deployment procedures, vendor selection and role requirements, and acted as a subject matter expert in IT enterprise infrastructure and business expansion. Reported directly to the executive vice president.    * Led Infrastructure design, process design, and implementation of company expansion project resulting in the opening of over one thousand branches yearly over the course of three years (2002-2005). Annual budget of $120M  * Managed a staff of 65 onshore, and 150 offshore employees.  * Key member of IT Infrastructure Committee that provided leadership for IT decisions, including design, budgets, implementations.  * Led mergers and acquisitions in integration strategy, technology assessment, project management and implementation.  * Created systems integration and desktop engineering standards  * Responsible for image creation, testing, and delivery for desktops and branch servers.  * Developed enterprise disaster recovery (DR) solutions supporting 3,500+ locations nationwide  * Final escalation and resolution point for IT Systems Support (hardware, network, and application support.) IT Manager, Sr. Systems Engineer Northrop Grumman - Woodland Hills, CA December 2001 to September 2002 Enterprise Information Systems    Onsite at the Guidance and Communications Systems R&D and Litton corporate headquarters. Managed an IT engineering and support staff responsible for three facilities that included a data center, two thousand clients, and related IT systems. Principal IT Consultant Dynamic Computer Systems - Sherman Oaks, CA August 1998 to January 2002 As IT lead for Dynamic Computer Systems, a technical project management and solution provider firm, I worked in collaboration with clients ranging from Fortune 500 companies to dot-com startups. I developed strategies and plans to assist clients in rapidly deploying innovative IT solutions to achieve aggressive business objectives. Reshaped existing business technologies to drive a successful, prosperous transition to the new digital economy.    * Exclusively engaged in prospecting new accounts, assessing customer requirements, proposing new hardware, software, and recommending solutions.  * Responsible for Project Coordination and Management; this included design, scheduling, and implementation of new network systems, new system rollouts, upgrades, repairs, and client/server maintenance.  * Directly supported multiple facilities throughout the Los Angeles area in all aspects of network administration, network configuration and setup, and system support.  * Developed and managed company budgets, monitoring cash flows, assessing employment and tax requirements, maintaining company records and providing sales and account management.  * Marketed computer systems/components and established industry trade contacts. IT Support Manager - Systems Engineering and Development IBM - Chicago, IL January 1995 to August 1998 Head of the IT division supporting the Searle-Monsanto Corporate World Headquarters, research and development institutes, and the Sears Tower Monsanto offices. Responsibilities included managing an IT staff of eight that supported 3000+ clients and associated server and network systems. Additional responsibilities included oversight of software package development, migrations, upgrades, image creation, as well as new technology testing and evaluation. Education B.S. UCLA - Los Angeles, CA 1998 to 2001 Wilbur Wright College - Chicago, IL 1994 to 1995 Skills Cissp, It Security, Information Security, Project Management (10+ years), IT Management (10+ years), IT Governance (10+ years), Information Technology (10+ years), Vendor Management (10+ years), Budgeting (10+ years), Program Management (10+ years), ITIL (10+ years), PM, PMP, Waterfall, Scrum Master Certifications/Licenses VMware Datacenter MCSA ITIL v3 A valid IT Specialist certification