IT Project Manager Intern <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Intern IT Project Manager Intern Pineville, NC Energetic and passionate recent graduate with diverse work experiences seeking a career with a  company that provides an open environment with many opportunities for learning, growth, skills  improvement and knowledge. Work Experience IT Project Manager Intern Arcadis - Dubai, AE May 2018 to August 2018 U.A.E  • Introduced and implemented IT projects for various application enterprises.  • Developed project plans identifying key issues, approaches and performance metrics.  • Created implementation methodologies to control project costs and meet deadlines.  • Learned about Remedy Force and how it used to resolve IT related issues.  • Learned about the products used in the company including Office 365 products, BIM 360  AutoDesk products, Oracle, print services (Xerox, Kyocera), remote Access (Workplace, Tunnel), Power BI  • Gained adequate knowledge of a cooperate working environment especially IT department.  • Resolved technical issues users faced among the IT team. Salesperson Pineville Imports - Pineville, NC January 2017 to May 2018 Worked with customers to understand requirements, identify and recommend optimal vehicles  and provide exceptional customer service.  • Communicated accurate information about promotions, customer programs and products.  • Monitored social media and online sources for industry trends.  • Managed all incoming calls and emails to answer any concern or questions that customers have.  • Resolved customer technical issues in collaboration with service responsible. Front Desk Receptionist Ramada Inn - Charlotte, NC January 2013 to December 2014 • Created guests reservation and assisted customers to check in/out.  • Light data entry, file maintenance, supply management.  • Kept accounts in balance and ran daily reports to verify totals.  • Calculated billings and posted charges to room accounts, reviewing all charges with guests at checkout.  • Managed approximately 50 incoming calls, emails, and faxes per day.    • Airbnb Super host (2019), eBay Store - Top Rated Seller with excellence in customer satisfaction (2015-  19), Uber/Lyft driver (2016-19), Amazon Flex (2019), Easy Quick Shop cashier 2012-13. Education BBA in Business Management NC State University - Raleigh, NC August 2016 to 2019 General Studies Central Piedmont Community College - Charlotte, NC 2012 to 2014 Skills Coding, Customer service, Data entry, Time management, Written and verbal, Team player, Information Technology, Software Development Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/ahmedalnajjar Additional Information Skills  • Excellent customer service and  communication.  • Strong written and verbal communications.  • Experienced Office 365 user with other  programming & coding knowledge.  • Data entry, analysis and presentation.  • Strong attention to detail & time management  • Team player and leadership capabilities.  • Self-motivated, critical thinker and quick self-  learning capacity.  • Entrepreneurial activities such as Airbnb  hosting, eBay store, Uber and Amazon  delivery.