Team Lead / Project Manager Team Lead / <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Team Lead / Project Manager - Stage Stores Inc Oracle certified professional with over 12 years of experience in full system and project development life cycle that includes planning, design, analysis, development, customer training & project management of various enterprise applications. Work Experience Team Lead / Project Manager Stage Stores Inc - Houston, TX May 2012 to Present • Worked as Project Manager on Chain 3 Consolidation & Ecommerce Re-platform project managing a group of developers.  • Leaded teams ranging from 2-6 developers on projects like Size Optimization, Sales Processing Enhancements, CAMS (Ecommerce), PCMS (Price Changes), and Allocations throughout the lifecycle of the project.  • Experience working on database design, data analysis, development, production support, Database & Application tuning of RETEK applications including EDI interfaces.  • Experience in agile methodology and CI/CD principles.  • Architected and developed Store Systems applications to maintain store demographics for advertising team, in Oracle ADF.  • Designed and developed multiple dashboards and reports using BI Publisher.  • Managed SOA implementation for OMS (Order Management System), collaborating multiple teams.  • Experience working on Web Logic server to deploy SOA and ADF applications and manage DB using Oracle Enterprise Manager.  • Worked with SOA 11g, developing OMS application using different SOA components and BPEL workflow.  • Follow Scrum and Kanban project management methodologies  • Awarded best employee for Production Support on Sales Interface handling 1.6B.  • Leading the project of gap analysis for migrating from RETEK to Oracle Retail v14.  • Developed Autosys jobs, Unix shell scripts for new and maintained existing 1400 Batch processes to handle existing applications.  • Supports and maintains Item Creation, Promotions, Bogos, Sales and Allocations production systems.  • Regularly provides guidance to and assists in training junior team members.  • Responsible for the development of standards for unit test plans. Participates in the development of overall system test plans and their execution.  Environment: Oracle 11g, PostgreSQL, Scrum, Kanban, Sprints, BI Publisher, AppDynamics, OEM, Web Logic, Oracle ADF, JDeveloper 11.1.1.9.0, Oracle Web Center (Portal, Content, Faces), Oracle SOA 11g, BPEL, XML, XSD, XSLT, WSDL, Unix, Shell Scripting, PL/SQL Developer, SQL, PL/SQL, PVCS, MS Visio, ServiceNow. IT Lead Engineer II Apollo Group Inc - Phoenix, AZ October 2010 to May 2012 • Worked as a Lead IT Engineer II supporting multiple enterprise applications based on oracle RAC databases and supported Service Oriented Architecture(SOA) implementation for around half a million students  • Experienced working in Agile/Scrum methodologies involving in Sprint planning, Backlog Management, Acceptance Criteria and user story definition.  • Design, code, debug, support and document enterprise applications such as Galaxy, OSIRIS, Campus Tracking, IS3 Enrollment, Profile databases as core, linked to Platform services via SOA.  • Build new databases and decommissioning of legacy databases as a part of new architecture being implemented.  • Supported 135 critical, major and minor tasks including resolution of multiple Production issues in a two-week to Production environment.  • Develop, debug and test SOA and BPEL services using SoapUI Pro.  • Work on BPEL workflow developing web services for platform service applications  • Built automation framework for Galaxy database student registration applications to run nightly, involving multiple validations across databases via SOA calls eventually resulting in 99.96% of database uptime.  • Worked on Software Automation for major corporate applications, to run around 1250+ test cases every night, automating the work of 59 developers.  • Provided direction and support to less experience IT Engineers to orient them and increase their understanding of software engineering.  • Participated in testing process through test review and analysis, test witnessing and certification of software.  • Maintain and increase professional and technical knowledge by attending workshops, reviewing technical publications, establishing personal networks and participating in professional societies.  Environment: Oracle RAC, Oracle 11g, SOA, SoapUI Pro, PL/SQL Developer, SQL, PL/SQL, BPEL, UNIX, SVN, VersionOne, MS Visio. Sr Oracle Developer / Project Manager Utah Valley University - Orem, UT September 2009 to October 2010 • Review, analyze, and modify the programming systems including coding, testing, debugging, and documenting programs to support an organization's ERP applications - BANNER 8.3, supporting 26000 students and providing reporting statistics to the State Board.  • Worked as Project Manager, assigning the projects to other resources, tracking their status and communicating with other dept. managers on IPEDS Race/Ethnicity, SSID, ODS Third week Views Projects through the project life cycle from Project Initiation to Closure.  • Enhancements and supporting current WEBFOCUS reports pertaining to the Student Retention and Institutional Research program.  • Schedule daily, weekly reports for IRI using Report Caster.  • Developed new Oracle Forms for the Release 102010 (Spring 2010) including maintenance of existing ones.  • Data structures, data manipulation, and implementation of software applications based on the requirements provided by the State Board for 40/2010 (Fall 2010).  • Responsible for creating detailed module documentation to verify adherence to business requirements.  • Created, Tested and debugged the Stored Procedures, Functions, Packages, Views and triggers using PL/SQL.  • Imported data with validation from flat-files to Oracle database using SQL*Loader  • Collaborate with departments, administrative and academic officers, and other public agencies to determine their current and future system needs.  • Disney standards of excellence in organization and team qualities and principles.  • Awarded as the best team to meet deadlines resulting free training to Disney's Excellence seminar.  Environment: Oracle RDBMS, Oracle 10g, Sun Guard BANNER 8.3, Oracle Forms 10g, WEBFOCUS, SQL, PL/SQL, SQL*PLUS, TOAD 9, UNIX, SVN, MS Visio. Programmer Analyst Accenture / AZ Dept. of Revenue - Phoenix, AZ January 2007 to September 2009 • Developed Oracle Forms, Reports, Stored Procedures, Packages and batch jobs building a new tax system for the Agency under BRITS (Business Reengineering/Integrated Tax System) project managed by Accenture.  • Responsibilities included design and development of overpayment and underpayment processing, high profile and fraudulent taxpayers, creation of collection cases, case staging functionality and taxpayer demographics.  • Sole Oracle Reports developer on the release team for over four major releases, logging over 950 hours for design, development, and maintenance of 39 Oracle reports.  • Supported resolution of 141 High and Medium priority defects during Release 3.2/3.3/3.4/3.5.  • Responsible for Extracting, Transforming and Loading the data obtained from different agencies into the database.  • Responsible for running daily and weekly jobs to update the collection accounts in the database.  • Gathering modeling and reporting requirements from Business Analysts and Database leads.  • Directly involved with the Business Analyst in laying the foundation for applications designs (Reports & Forms 9i/10g).  • Creating new complex Stored Procedures, Functions, Packages and Triggers.  • Used multiple DBMS Packages in developing PL/SQL applications.  • Extensively involved in Tuning SQL queries to improve the performance of the applications using Analyze, Explain Plans.  • Created temporary tables and used collection methods in building PL/SQL Packages and Stored Procedures to improve performance and reduce defects.  • Working in a Production Support team, extensively involved in troubleshooting database applications (Reports, Forms, Packages, and Stored Procedures).  • Developing user documentation for all application modules and responsible for writing test plan documents and unit test packets (cover sheet, standards checklist, narrative, explain plans, test conditions and actual results).  Environment: Oracle RDBMS, Oracle 9i/10g, Oracle Forms 9i/10g, Oracle Reports 9i/10g, SQL, PL/SQL, SQL*PLUS, Pro COBOL, TOAD 9, UNIX, Visual SourceSafe, MS Visio, Control-M Scheduling software. Education Masters of Science South Dakota School Of Mines and Technology Bachelor's in Technology in Technology Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University Skills Data modeling, Ms sql server, Ms sql server 2000, Sql server, Sql server 2000, Oracle, Oracle developer 2000, Oracle forms, Pl/sql, Postgresql, Sql, Developer 2000, Html, Pvcs, Scripting, Svn, Visio, Visual sourcesafe, Xml, Xslt Additional Information SKILLS  Languages: SQL, PL/SQL, PL/PGSQL, JAVA, UNIX Shell Scripting.  Databases: Oracle 11g/10g/9i/8i, PostgreSQL, MS SQL Server 2000  Markup Languages: HTML, XML (XSD, XSLT, XPath, XQuery)  Development Tools: Oracle Forms 10g/9i/6i, Oracle Reports 10g/9i/6i, BI Publisher, Oracle Fusion Applications (SOA, ADF), Oracle Web Center (Portal, Content, Faces), AppDynamics, Oracle APEX 3.0, JDeveloper 11.x, PLSQL Developer, Toad, SQL*Loader, Oracle Developer 2000, Oracle Designer, Microsoft Project, ServiceNow  Data Modeling: ER Diagrams  Data Modeling Tools: MS Visio  Version Control: Tortoise SVN, PVCS, Visual SourceSafe, CVS