Global IT Project Manager Global <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Global IT Project Manager - Solera, Inc San Antonio, TX Focus is to obtain a stimulating and challenging role to drive success from customer business investments by applying project and IT service management methodologies. Work Experience Global IT Project Manager Solera, Inc - Westlake, TX November 2018 to Present The mission for this role is to support the Global IT Infrastructure team (e.g. networking, database, DevOps, telecommunications, information security, help-desk, etc.) by leading the program/ project team and applying a diverse knowledge of portfolio, program, and project management methods and tools to driving and delivering a wide variety of infrastructure-related projects (e.g. data center migrations, disaster recovery, ISO 27001/SOC/  SOX compliance, server virtualization, application stabilization, application deployments, office moves, etc.) within the agreed business benefits, stakeholder expectations, scope, schedule, budget, quality, and to the highest customer satisfaction. Senior Infrastructure Project Manager Unisys - Irving, TX September 2018 to November 2018 Infrastructure Project Manager responsible for structuring Infrastructure and Portfolio related projects, performing the detailed planning, and managing project execution and completion of moderate to large type projects. Defines the phase deliverables, tracks milestones and incurred expenses versus planned expenses, schedules roles and resources, test, training and implementation plans, evaluates risks and recommends contingency plans. Assigns resources and tasks, and manages quality assurance, resolution of issues, status reviews and reporting, and compliance with all policies and procedures and support artifacts. Generally leads a group of technical resources and other IT technical staff and where necessary, collaborate with the business domain and business subject matter experts, relying on experience and good judgment to plan and accomplish goals. Director of IT Academic Services, PMP, ITIL Texas Wesleyan University - Fort Worth, TX November 2014 to March 2018 Directs and leads the activities, staff, programs, and projects executed by the IT Academic Services division.  Serves as the Senior Project Manager and Business Relationship Manager between the Office of Information  Technology and the academic units, programs, and schools. Drives the academic technology initiative planning and business case creation. These project plans stem from instructional applications, learning management systems, and media and classroom technology, including audio and visual enhancements for distance learning and online programs. Provide key oversight and manage relationships with preferred vendors to ensure project requirements and schedules are being met. Advocates on behalf of academic units, programs, and schools to align the technology solutions to their academic and business needs. Works to ensure academic units are satisfied with IT services, using core KPI and SLA data to continuously improve the service offerings. Director serves as a senior project manager for small, medium and large scale projects that align with the university's strategic initiatives.  Contract Position Senior Project Manager, PMP American Airlines - Fort Worth, TX June 2014 to November 2014 Senior Security Project Manager responsible for planning, managing, and coordinating multiple development, integration and infrastructure projects for Security Applications and Platforms. Performing senior level project management, including planning, scheduling, and controlling of project activities to meet project objectives.  Provided critical oversight to performance, cost, schedule and scope to deliver on-time and under budget.  Developed project plans, identifying goals, strategy, staffing, scheduling, identification of risks, contingency plans, and allocation of available resources. Coordinated recruitment of project personnel and assignment of duties, responsibilities, and scope of authority to all members of the project team. Coordinated activities of project personnel to ensure clear communication to all stakeholders through the duration of the engagement.  Managed large IT projects using structured project management, agile, dev/ops and system development methodologies and practices with planning tools such as Microsoft Project and Rally.  Ticketing tool used- Servicenow Senior Project Manager, PMP Synetra - Dallas, TX April 2012 to May 2014 Senior Project Manager for twenty plus project engineers, senior managers, and functional teams. Maintained vendor management relationships with high regard to project documentation, scheduling, and project management. Gathered scope, tasks, and deliverables from engineering teams and generate Statement of Work documents based on company criteria and business need. Communicated project status to leadership and management within Synetra and all stakeholders on current projects. Worked within all levels of staff, project teams, and management of Synetra, as well as vendors, contractors, subcontractors, and customers. Project Manager, PMP Real Com Integrated Solutions - Dallas, TX February 2011 to April 2012 Managed business and technology related projects for numerous clients that had a critical business need, while managing project team leads, functional managers, and numerous contractors with regard to project documentation, scheduling, and monitoring project deliverables. Gathered scope, tasks, deliverables and milestones from engineering teams and generated Statement of Work documents based on company criteria.  Identified risks associated with implementation of project related tasks. Communicated project status to RealCom Integrated Solutions team and customers. Worked within all levels of staff and management of  RealCom Integrated Solutions, including vendors, contractors, subcontractors, and customers. Responsible for controlling project budget and planning for all professional service projects within the company. Project Manager/AMI Tru-Check, Inc - Atlanta, GA 2004 to 2010 Provided contracted project management, technology services, application development, and database administration for multiple utility companies throughout the eastern United States. Ensured compliance and maximum productivity within these companies at the highest level. Hired and managed numerous employees from initial project startup through completion. Provided daily, weekly, and monthly project status reports and participated in remote corporate meetings to ensure project goals are communicated and timelines are met.  Managed and maintained several databases that provided real-time reporting capabilities for both the company and the contracted utility. Researched and developed innovative methodologies to ensure data accuracy at all levels were achieved. Provided technical consultations for the project with regards to numerous vendors as a whole while coordinating installation timelines confirming that deadlines and goals were being achieved while staying within budget. Assisted in developing and maintaining applications that integrated with work order management systems and customer information systems.    Tru-Check, Inc. Project Highlights 2004 - 2010 Education BAAS in Bachelors of Applied Arts and Sciences University of North Texas 2020 Kennesaw State University - Kennesaw, GA 1997 to 1999 Skills Outlook, budget, Maintenance, Estimating, Scheduling Certifications/Licenses PMI-PMP April 2011 to April 2020 Project Management Professional. Certified ScrumMaster (CSM) November 2018 to November 2020 Certified ScrumMaster.