IT Project Management Office Lead IV <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> Management Office Lead IV IT Project Management Office Lead IV - Commerce Bank Lee's Summit, MO As a professional, I strive to bring a deep level of customer focus, responsiveness and a growth mindset that  allows for continuous improvement. I value transparency, collaboration, direct feedback and accountability for  opportunities and successes. High integrity, emotional intelligence and failing fast support my growth model,  and if you don't feel uncomfortable in a situation, then you aren't growing. I pride myself on exhibiting  excellent verbal & written communication skills across multiple styles, levels of management and individual  contributors. I am a strong driver and passionate about the development and growth of individuals, applying  agility in any situation and genuinely appreciate all forms of feedback which enable my success.    CERTIFICATIONS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOMPLISHMENTS  • Certified Scrum Master: 2014  • IT Tech Award for outstanding partnership with Data Warehouse Program: 2014  • Leadership Development Program Certified: 2017  • Certified Agile Coach: 2019    CORE COMPETENCIES/AREAS OF EXPERTISE  • Agile (Includes Scrum, KANBAN, Lean Practices)  • Servant Leadership & Innovation  • Waterfall (Adheres to PMBOK Practices)  • Problem Solving & Results Oriented  • Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC)  • Vendor & Resource Management  • MS Project, MS Office Suite, Visio, SharePoint  • Cross-Functional Team Leadership &  • TFS, Scrum Works, Trello, Confluence Organizational Leadership Work Experience IT Project Management Office Lead IV Commerce Bank - Kansas City, MO January 2017 to Present • Exceptional leadership skills, with the ability to develop and communicate the department objectives, inspire and motivate staff, and maintain alignment with the business strategy.  • Actively manages strategic enterprise initiatives in parallel to managing a team of 9 project managers.  • Optimizes process improvements and alignment on SDLC, PMLC and Agile methodologies within the PMO, while influencing other PMO's within the bank to adhere collectively.  • Trains and mentors employees across the bank on the agile framework to increase adoption.  • Coach/mentor direct reports to excel in role, while providing development opportunities to retain talent, build bench strength and grow individuals to meet business needs.  • High ability to vary styles of interaction to match the needs of a variety of temperaments and personalities.  • Excellent verbal and written communication skills, including the ability to explain and "sell" the goals and objectives to the business, as well as technical leadership.  • Possesses a high degree of political sensitivity and the ability to effectively use the informal power structure  of the organization to achieve success and clear obstacles for the department.  • Strong business acumen, including industry, domain-specific knowledge of the enterprise and its business.  • Collaborates with the Business regularly to align expectations and goals that support the bottom-line.  • Spearheaded $12MM IT Floor Renovation initiative that is politically charged, highly visible and corporate  impacting to how the company currently operates and will operate in the future. IT Project Manager/Scrum Master III Commerce Bank - Kansas City, MO February 2010 to December 2016 • Led projects through full end-to-end integrations and implementations for areas such as Data Warehouse, Infrastructure, Commercial and Consumer facing new software development, Regulatory & Enterprise level.  • Led team sizes ranging from 1-3 scrum teams, up to 18 team members, with a blend of contractors, vendors, full time employees (remote and local).  • Brought in Agile best practices that enabled an MVP mentality, failing fast, continuous integration, code/design reviews, metric tracking, product visioning, technical debt reduction, team empowerment and  role training resulting in realized velocity improvement.  • Organized and facilitated all scrum events to drive commitments, improve release cadence, remove  impediments, promote self-organized teams and deliver value early and often.  • Managed all aspects of large-sized projects/programs throughout the project lifecycles including highly  complex project plans, schedules, resources, budget, risks, dependencies and the ongoing executive  communication of status against the plan.  • Mentored project managers in conjunction with project work to enable grass roots growth.  • Partnered with the Product Owner and Senior sponsors to lead the development of the overall approach for the project, its major time frames and deliverables to address and meet the desired goals and outcomes.  • High driver to increase productivity, encourage accountability for delivering on commitments and resolving  risk to keep on the critical path.  • Created and lead roadmap reviews with executive sponsors and stakeholders to identify specific market  driven program needs and/or changes and pivot to address the changing market needs.  • Led the development and maintenance of stakeholder mapping, communications and reporting.  • Communicated project objectives utilizing influence and negotiating skills to build alignment.  • Led interactions with the executive sponsor to inform, alert, negotiate and maintain a trusting relationship  and shared vision for the project outcome.  • Established and ensured appropriate governance functions for the project in accordance with enterprise  policies, practices and on behalf of the executive sponsor.  • Directed the creation and maintenance of the required project documentation and artifacts.  • Created and managed the budget, including internal IT labor, capital and operational expenditures.  • Provided expertise to all production and operational processes via creation and execution of improvements  to existing processes. Consumer Credit Product Manager/Product Owner Commerce Bank - Kansas City, MO September 2006 to January 2010 • Proactively involved in the creation of the vision, product development, acquisition, marketing, and implementation of project initiatives resulting in significant contribution to the business line's profitability.  • Realigned and prioritized the product backlog to preserve an ongoing portfolio revenue stream.  • Contributed to business line strategy formulation and execution of the strategic direction.  • Led the team to streamline the execution of the product priorities while maintaining the conceptual and technical integrity of the features.  • Autonomously managed and executed marketing campaigns and collateral with product positioning.  • Created innovative marketing materials to increase the bottom-line positioning and goals. Education B.S. in Organizational Communication Missouri State University - Springfield, MO December 2003 Certifications/Licenses Certified ScrumMaster (CSM) January 2014 to Present Certified Agile Coach February 2019 to Present