IT Project Manager (Contractor) <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> (Contractor) Hialeah, FL Work Experience IT Project Manager (Contractor) Family Medical Leave Act, FMLA November 2018 to Present Taking care of my elderly mother. Global IT Project Manager First Data Corporation - Coral Springs, FL April 2018 to October 2018 Coral Springs, FL 4/2018 to 10/2018  A global financial services company with 22,000 employees and $12B in annual revenue.    Global IT Project Manager - Number of projects: 9 - Average Project Size: 10MM - Average Team Size: 16 - Methodologies: Waterfall, Agile, Scrum - Average Project Duration: 6 months.    • Managing Epics and User Stories as well as daily SCRUM meetings.  • Manage Waterfall and Agile global projects.  • Managing Sprint planning, backlog review and retrospective.  • Managing Kanban and Agile boards.  • Managing a team of 16 direct and indirect worldwide Business Analysts and Software Developers.  • Conducting daily global team meetings via Skype.  • Creating, managing and executing the concurrent project plans timelines using MS- Project 2010.  • Managing the Development of SharePoint 2013 sites.  • Lead high-performing, self-directed team members through the project planning process: identify work items, estimates, dependencies, and assignments.  • Demonstrated experience with efficient and effective project kickoff and planning methods to create an accurate project plan and risk management plan.  • Managed the scope and timeline of the project as well as their budgets.  • Reported project progress to stakeholders and C-level management.  • Leadership skills with ability to effectively engage and collaborate with a high-powered team.  • Manage Stakeholders from Product Management, Strategic Marketing, and Program Management to glean key strategies and requirements while maintaining focus on deliverables.  • Collaborate with other Project Managers, Program Managers, and Functional Managers to coordinate efforts and define and leverage best practices.  • Coordinated audiovisual projects with various departments within the company.  • Prior experience with both Waterfall / Agile / Scrum) and Traditional project management and development lifecycle techniques.  • Manage teams spread across multiple, physical locations.  • Tools used - JIRA, Microsoft Excel (macros, VLookup, Pivot Tables, and PowerPoint Presentations), Microsoft Project, Microsoft Word, Microsoft Access, Microsoft Visio, and MS-SharePoint Development, Infrastructure and Application Development projects including network administration, structured cabling, and VOIP.  • Analyzed, designed and implemented databases in MS-Access 2013.  • Saved $6MM by automating the Credit Reject Risk Management system.  • Successfully managed multiple-location delivery teams to meet project scope within scheduled timelines.    • Designed and enforced Data Governance policies and approach for an organization wide data encryption and security program for a multi-national financial services company. This role involves thought partnership with senior stakeholders across multiple geographies and lines of business in the client organization. Family Medical Leave Act, FMLA January 2016 to March 2018 Taking care of my elderly mother. Judge Technical Services Client is Citigroup - Tampa, FL December 2013 to December 2015 A global financial services company with 204,000 employees and $72B in annual revenue.    Global IT Project Manager - Number of projects: 8 - Average Project Size: 12MM - Average Team Size: 20 - Methodologies: Waterfall, Agile, Scrum - Average Project Duration: 9 months.    • Led multiple infrastructure and software development projects for Citi Latin America associated with the strategic I.T. initiatives using MS- Project 2010.  • Manage Waterfall and Agile global projects.  • Managed the Latin America End-of-Life/End-of-Vendor Support and Back Office Automation Programs.  • Developed and maintained a structured plan using PlanView 11 to meet the project needs.  • Defining and managing project governance structures.  • Provided regular performance and status reports to stakeholders.  • Used Microsoft Dynamics to manage the customer relationships.  • Managed risks and issues identifying, analyzing tracking, managing, escalating, and resolving/mitigating issues that impact the program's ability to meet the initiative goals and commitments.  • Controlled project financials and monitored all changes to project requirements and deliverables.  • Managed team that ensures maximum availability of mission-critical hardware and software systems as well as providing functional and technical support to over 10,000 end users across multiple countries.  • Managed Infrastructure and Application Development projects including network administration, structured cabling, and VOIP. Global IT Project Manager American Express - Miami, FL March 2012 to April 2014 Miami Lakes, FL. 3/2012 to 4/2014  A global financial and travel services company with 57,000 employees and $181B in annual revenue.    Global IT Project Manager - Number of projects: 6 - Average Project Size: 12MM - Average Team Size: 8 - Methodologies: Waterfall, Agile, Scrum - Average Project Duration: 6 months.    • Managed the delivery, validation, deployment and adherence to the product roadmap for two major components of a multi-year business process and technology transformation project for a international organization. Redesigned the business processes to improve processing throughput and reduce operational overhead by leveraging a new organizational design and the capabilities of the new software package.  • Provided business analysis and functional knowledge expertise on multiple global travel services projects for the largest corporate travel agency in the world.  • Worked with MS-SharePoint Designer 2010 created the website for the Middle Market Implementation Team.  • Managing the Project Web Application SharePoint Server job queue.  • Conducted periodical team meetings with Change Agents and Project Managers.  • Managed project plans for the full SDLC using MS- Project 2010 Professional.  • Manage Waterfall and Agile global projects.  • Trained in Sabre travel interface. Help Desk Manager American Express - Miami, FL November 2005 to February 2012 Miami Lakes, FL 11/2005 to 2/2012  A global financial and travel services company with 57,000 employees and $181B in annual revenue.    Help Desk Manager - Number of projects: 1 - Average Project Size: 2MM - Average Team Size: 4 - Methodologies: Waterfall - Average Project Duration: 9 months.    • Designed and developed the NAVTECH Help Desk database using MS-Access.  • Analyzed business situations and managed the daily operations of the Navigation Help Desk to track escalations generated from service calls received by the Navigation Agents in a Call Center environment.  • Manage various concurrent projects to help improve the service quality of the NAVTECH and Navigation teams. Computer Operator II Tenet Health - Palmetto General Hospital - Hialeah, FL August 2002 to April 2006 Hialeah, FL 8/2002 to 4/2006  A national healthcare company with 115,000 employees and $19B in annual revenue.    Computer Operator II  • Managed computer operations for the hospital network during the 32-hours weekend shift.  • Analyzed and designed the Security Matrix database in MS-Access to track employee security levels.  • Ensured HIPAA compliance during the creation and manipulation of patient's records.  • Arranged the set-up of audiovisual projects in the conference/training rooms for doctors and nurses' meetings. Education MBA in Project Management American InterContinental University - Weston, FL 2011 Skills CISCO, DNS, NETWORK ADMINISTRATION, NETWORKING, TCP/IP, C#, DESIGN/DEVELOPMENT, SYSTEMS ANALYSIS, VISIO, VISUAL BASIC, SHAREPOINT, DATABASE, DATABASE DESIGN, SQL SERVER, SQL, VOIP, MICROSOFT DYNAMICS, DYNAMICS, DYNAMICS CRM, MICROSOFT DYNAMICS CRM, SDLC, PM, Waterfall