IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager - Allegacy Federal Credit Union Clemmons, NC As a hands-on project manager with over five years in various project management capacities. I provide leadership and vision for applications, core systems, and infrastructures in an IT department, developing strategic project plans. Led all information technology projects, while coordinating resources, change management, control and monitoring risk, and timetable completion. Create financial forecasts, graphs, charts, outline expenditures and modify budget when necessary. Assess new innovative technologies, business continuity, mapping analysis and phases of the product lifecycle. Excellent ability to plan and implement various methodologies specifically Waterfall, Agile and SCRUM to increase the efficiency of the projects.    ? Provide enterprise-wide leadership via decisive and insightful while guiding daily operations and policies, procedures, standards, guidelines, and best practices implementation  ? Spearhead project delivery within tight timeframes; initiate kick-off calls  ? Coordinate core system initiatives and deliverables.  ? Seamlessly coordinating and collaborating with internal organizations and vendors  ? Build and lead high-performance teams to manage, implement and streamline complex IT designs  ? Align IT strategies objectives to surpass the business needs by building and leading multi-disciplinary teams for startup and established high-tech success  ? Successfully analyzing an organization's infrastructure, critical business support requirements, identify deficiencies and potential opportunities  ? Define and communicate project milestones, service level agreements, and resource allocation to executive team, department leads, support staff, and end users  ? Develop innovative solutions for increasing reliability, efficiency, and productivity while reducing cost based on robust architecture frameworks  ? An elevated level of technical knowledge, along with hands-on management experience across diverse environments; IT systems/hardware/software/engineering/ cloud computing (laaS, PaaS, and SaaS) /building rebuilding infrastructures/network /change management/security  ? Experience technical and business efficiency writer; RFP's SDLC, SLA customer, and technical support strategies  ? Create a benchmark analysis report for improvement recommendations for infrastructures and systems  ? Develop and review submitted RFP bid requirements and appropriate award  ? Negotiate of vendor, outsourcer, and service agreement contracts  ? Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment  ? Extensive experience working in a team-oriented, collaborative environment  ? Facilitated Release Planning, Sprint Planning, Backlog Grooming, and Retrospective meetings  Project Accomplishments:  ? Allegacy Federal Credit Union New Core System Implementation  ? Allegacy Federal Credit Union Training Room Implementation  ? Allegacy Federal Credit Union New Branch Opening: UNCG Spartan Villiage, WellQ Wellness Center, King Branch  ? Allegacy Federal Credit Union Helpdesk: Process Efficiencies  ? Guilford College: Hybrid Online Classroom  ? Guilford College Helpdesk: Process Efficiencies  ? The City of Greensboro ABC Board: PCI Compliance Software  ? The City of Greensboro ABC Board: New Store Construction and Upgrade  ? The City of Greensboro ABC Stores: IT, HR, Finance, and Operations Systems and Infrastructure Upgrade  ? The City of Greensboro ABC Board: Wells Fargo Payroll System  ? The City of Greensboro ABC Board: ADP Time and Attendance System  ? The City of Greensboro ABC Board: Logistics Inventory Apple iPods Implementation  ? Microsoft: O365 Software Implementation Design Work Experience IT Project Manager Allegacy Federal Credit Union - Salem, NC 2017 to Present NC  Allegacy Federal Credit Union  ? PROMTED FROM HELPDESK MANAGER- Successfully manage, lead, and coordinate new Fiserv DNA core system implementation and surrounds. Responsible for processes such as change management, controlling and monitoring risk, deliverables, timeline, communicating, planning Core and PMO meetings and providing leadership for the organization's information technology platform. Responsible for managing a team assigned to a specific initiative related to core system design, such as UAT, training, data validation, test case writing data scrub of old Miser system and digital implementation of NCR systems, ITM', ATMs and mobile banking.    ? Manage project scope by developing a work breakdown structure for significant milestones and critical path tasks for meeting project deadlines and deliverables. Create monthly project forecast to monitor and control changes and risks; communicate project status during Steering Committee Executive Leadership Meeting. Collaborated with members of the DNA and Surrounds Product, and Engineering Teams to develop and maintain product backlogs accurately in Service Point.    ? Provide direction on design, implementation, and maintenance for information systems, network architecture, and security that supports the core system function. Responsible for leading various vendors relating to core ESBO information technology infrastructure, onboarding, product mapping analysis, implementations, upgrades, conversion, and recovery in its entirety. Executive IT Director The City of Greensboro ABC Board - Greensboro, NC 2015 to 2017 NC  The City of Greensboro ABC Board ( IT Infrastructure Capital Project)  ? Responsible for leading multiple strategic level projects, typically with budgets over $2M and high visibility to City Council members and stakeholders. Established baseline timelines, budgets, forecast are defined and projected milestone dates are met by vendors and project resources; project management portfolio consist of operations, finance, human resource, and technology infrastructure implementations, and upgrades.    ? Direct and manage all IT deployments and job scheduling and onboarding for vendors. RFP's, contract negotiations, control and monitoring risk, compliance, reduced expenses, developed and monitored budgets requirements and created business rules and processes to be followed by both parties. Plan, develop and deploy change management initiatives for new store constructions, technical implementation including productivity software, systems, technical application, and hardware release    ? Ensure continuity while facilitating organization transformation into a unique mix of technical, leadership, business development strategies such as PCI compliances mapping analysis and data encryption processes.    ? Guide and coach both Agile/Scrum project teams through the Software Development Life-Cycle (SDLC) of new core system release schedules. Responsible for defining and deploying new product development processes; facilitating the continuous improvement of existing methods Onboarding Project Manager Microsoft Corporation - Charlotte, NC 2014 to 2015 NC  Microsoft Corporation (Blueprint Consulting O365 Project)  ? Built and maintained complex project plans, tightly controlling project scope, budget, and schedule, including working with architects and technical leads to develop a roadmap for two of the company's brand-new products. Responsible for leading and coaching teams in processes, while improving deliverables.    ? Managed Onboarding enterprise-wide infrastructure implementation of O365 software-development based on Microsoft Waterfall Model and mapping analysis. Some customers included (US Pentagon, US Capital, US Army, NC School Systems, FICA and various banks).    ? Developed technical infrastructure planning, data migration, and integration services and platforms utilizing the Software Development Life-Cycle (SDLC) method and SharePoint; standardization and predictability into the software cycle process, resulting in a uniform approach to product development, well-defined roles and accountabilities for all participants    ? Developed crucial functional specification requirements with detailed use cases and process flow diagrams to support. Worked closely with Product Owners and the various software teams to incorporate best practices/design to ensure a more comprehensive and innovative accomplished approach    ? Removed impediments and protected team members from interruptions and distractions to maximize productivity. Encouraged and implemented process improvements. Created team-building opportunities    ? Provided leadership and supervision to the group that was responsible for developing and implementing information technology initiatives. Including, providing effective liaison between the business departments, and the information technology services department, as well as, external vendors providing IT related services IT Manager Guilford College - Greensboro, NC 2012 to 2013 NC  Guilford College  ? Successfully manage, lead and support functional and cross-functional teams for various project management responsibilities relating to information technology infrastructure implementations, upgrades, mapping analysis, conversion, and recovery in its entirety. Managed project scope by developing a work breakdown structure for significant milestones and critical path tasks for meeting project deadlines and producing deliverables.    ? Created and enforced a college-wide Service Level Agreement (SLA) that ensured problem resolutions expectations and time frames. Produced monthly project forecast to ensure defined scope was delivered and managed to timelines and budget; communicated project status to management and project stakeholders.    ? Direct and manage all IT deployments and job scheduling for vendors. RFP's, contract negotiations and management, compliance, reduced expenses, developed and monitored budgets requirements and created business rules and processes to be followed by both parties. Plan, develop and deploy change management initiatives for technical implementation including productivity software, systems, technical application, and hardware release Senior Security Engineer II VF Corporation - Greensboro, NC 2011 to 2012 NC  VF Corporation (CSC User Provision Project)  ? Coached/Mentored global project staff of network/security engineers for delivery of onboarding business-critical systems and infrastructures located in Europe, Middle East, Asia, and Americas; utilizing Agile Scrum practices to help the team increase their velocity by 63% within the first year of Agile adoption resources to deliver quality products which led to over $3.5M by implementing data and strategic development analysis    ? Utilized the cloud computing technology PaaS, IaaS extensively, and SaaS; interfaced with Six Sigma team and provided input for process improvement for SS7    ? Facilitated Release Planning, Sprint Planning, Backlog Grooming, and Retrospective meetings. Collaborated with members of the Product, Business, and Engineering Teams to develop and maintain Product Backlogs Service Desk Manager Wake Forest Medical Center - Salem, NC 2010 to 2011 NC  Wake Forest Medical Center (System Tec-Hardware Refresh Project)  ? Successfully manage, lead and support functional and cross-functional teams for various project management responsibilities relating to information technology infrastructure implementations, mapping analysis, upgrades, conversion, and recovery in its entirety. Responsible for managing a team assigned to a specific initiative or program    ? Managed project scope by developing a work breakdown structure for significant milestones and critical path tasks for meeting project deadlines and producing deliverables. Produced monthly project forecast to ensure defined scope was delivered and managed to timelines and budget; communicated project status to management and project stakeholders.    ? Direct and manage all IT deployments and job scheduling for vendors. RFP's, contract negotiations and management, compliance, reduced expenses, developed and monitored budgets requirements and created business rules and processes to be followed by both parties. Plan, develop and deploy change management initiatives for technical implementation including productivity software, systems, technical application, and hardware release Assistant Store Manager Wal-Mart Supercenter 1997 to 2007 Education BS in Business Administration in Healthcare Emergency Management ECPI College of Technology 2005 to 2007