Senior IT Manager Senior <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Senior IT Manager - UNFI / Supervalu Inc /Albertsons / Shaw's Tiverton, RI An IT professional and Certified Six Sigma Black Belt with over 25 years of experience. Participated in numerous large-scale projects following various system development life cycles. Participated in all aspects of project development including brain storming, design specifications, development, user testing and training, installation, post installation support and sun setting.  ? Managed teams as large as 32 including off-shore teams.  ? Experienced in creating and making presentations to upper management.  ? Managed teams developing in a wide range of business areas and technologies.  ? Experienced in multiple staffing models including staff augmentation and co-sourcing with partners like NTT, TCS and Wipro. Work Experience Senior IT Manager UNFI / Supervalu Inc /Albertsons / Shaw's October 2009 to Present Most recently managed 30+ associates and contractors covering merchandising systems for corporately owned, independent and technical service agreement stores. Lead several projects to consolidate merchandising systems inherited through mergers and acquisitions. Worked with co-sourcing partners of TCS and NTT to ensure proper staffing for both on-shore and off-shore resources. Maintained and managed budgets to ensure department results met or beat targets. Upgraded systems to ensure security compliance. Provided guidance for the merchandising area as service agreements ended with large customers to ensure proper staff reduction and cost reduction were achieved. Ensured that the service agreement transition from Supervalu systems was successful. Senior IT Manager UNFI / Supervalu Inc /Albertsons / Shaw's May 1992 to May 2019 Initially employed as a systems analyst for Shaw's Supermarkets with responsibilities including the design and implementation of relational databases in the Oracle environment. Provided management and guidance through multiple acquisitions and divestitures. Covered all aspects of the retail industry including, merchandising, marketing, advertising, in-store retail operations, supply chain, warehousing logistics, e-commerce (B2B, B2C and B2A), and financial reporting. Six Sigma Black Belt - Supervalu Inc - E Bridgewater, MA May 2008 to October 2009 Certified Six Sigma Black Belt trained in DMAIC and lean methodologies. Successfully led several project teams to eliminated waste from the processes and contributed directly to the company's bottom line. Used the Minitab software to process data and draw conclusions through statistical analysis. Presented recommendations for processes changes to upper management. Drove projects to competition ensuring that proper controls were in place and benefits were obtained. Application Support Manager UNFI / Supervalu Inc /Albertsons / Shaw's November 2006 to May 2008 Responsible for Portal and Enterprise Application Integrations (EAI) for Supervalu. The team maintained the Portal applications including Albertsons.com, mySupervalu.com, svHarbor.com and the banner sites like Shaws.com and ShawsNet.com. The team also maintained the Enterprise Applications area supporting major interfaces between systems in both the legacy Albertsons and Supervalu environments. The EAI area required interaction with various business units to support interfaces between payroll, logistical, financial and merchandising systems.  Managed a team of 27 including associates, onshore and off-shore contractors.  Developed Service Call and Service Level Agreement reporting for the department. Extracting data from the Open View service desk tool.  Assisted various Six Sigma projects working within the e-commerce areas Application Support Manager UNFI / Supervalu Inc /Albertsons / Shaw's October 2004 to November 2006 Responsible for Shaw's In-Store applications, e-commerce systems, Marketing, Merchandising and Pricing systems. The application support team maintained current systems and made small changes and regulatory changes. The team also supplemented development teams and provided subject area expertise. Training and management of an off-shore development team in India. The goal being to free up local staff for projects while transitioning support to the off-shore team. Defined a streamlined version of RUP for the support organization.  General responsibilities include the management of a team of 8 along with an off-shore team of 12. Use of the project management software like MS- Project and Mercury IT Governance.  Technology base for the applications mentioned include Java, Linux, Oracle, Oracle Developer 2000  Participated in several Six Sigma projects for the Shaw's division including the Tag Reduction and the Out of Code projects. Assisted other Six Sigma staff with identifying data sources within Shaw's. Senior IT Manager Shaw's Supermarkets January 1999 to October 2004 Responsible for the Shaw's Marketing, Merchandising and Pricing applications along with the e-commerce systems. Responsible for maintaining current systems while making major enhancements and also developing new applications. The last new application built was an ad planning system. The system was built in Java following a struts framework. The application provided the business with an ad modeling tool that predicted the impact of an item with respect to sales, margin, halo and cannibalization. The application also produced a store specific marketing bulletin that the instructed the store exactly how to set there displays to support the ad. During this period I was also involved with the acquisition of Star Markets. Developed plans to migrate their item and pricing data into existing Shaw's applications. Developed systems to continue to back feed the Star application to support POS pricing.  Developed systems to integrate UCCNet data into existing applications. Participated in UCCNet user groups. Senior IT Project Manager Shaw's Supermarkets May 1997 to January 1999 Responsible for Shaw's Distribution and Supply Chain systems. This included the Warehouse systems and a corporate order repository system. The  Technology base was Unix, Oracle, Oracle developer 2000. IT Project Manager Shaw's Supermarkets April 1995 to May 1997 Responsible for Shaw's in-store applications. Applications included a computer assisted ordering application, in-store tag printing, Electronic shelf labels, Labor scheduling, and radio frequency applications on Telxon and Symbol devices.  Technology base was Unix, Oracle, Oracle developer 2000. Systems Analyst Shaw's Supermarkets May 1992 to April 1995 Responsible for the design and development of a Gross Profits on Issues application. Data Processing Manager The People's Credit Union - Middletown, RI June 1984 to May 1992 Initially employed as a computer operator, then promoted to the position of programmer, finally promoted to the position of Data Processing Manager. Responsibilities included the management of both a development and operations staff. Other responsibilities included the implementation of major software projects, as well as the development of data control procedures, establishment of documentation standards. Installation of an ATM network involving regional (Yankee24/NYCE) and national (Cirrus) exchanges. Education B.S. in Computer Engineering University of Rhode Island May 1988 Assessments Data Analysis — Expert July 2019 Measures a candidate's skill in interpreting and producing graphs, identifying trends, and drawing justifiable conclusions from data. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/goujznb2dbvvbl82 Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.