IT Operations Analyst/ IT Security Analyst/Email Security <span class="hl">IT</span> Operations Analyst/<span class="hl">IT</span> Security Analyst/Email Security IT Operations Analyst/ IT Security Analyst/Email Security - PepsiCo Inc Little Elm, TX Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Operations Analyst/ IT Security Analyst/Email Security PepsiCo Inc - Plano, TX April 2015 to Present HCL Consultant  Support operational availability and stability of Cisco IronPort Email Security Appliances (ESA) and Security Management Appliance (SMA).  • Partner with Information Security to respond to spam, phishing, and malicious email attempts using PowerShell commands to find and remove malicious messages from end users' mailboxes.  • Create and maintain customized message filters, content filters, mail polices and dictionaries in IronPort based on requirements from security, legal or consumers affairs teams. Resulting in the reduction of Spam, phishing, and malicious email.  • Coordinated with Cisco and information security team on Enhanced Email Filtering Project to implement advanced spam features such as AMP, IMS, URL Filtering, Anti-Spam and Outbreak filters for Cisco IronPort to minimize email threats to the company's email environment.  • Created test cases and functional requirements as part of the Enhanced Email Filtering Project  • Test and Implement software upgrades on IronPort ESAs and SMA to ensure the appliances are performing at optimal level.  • Author process and procedure documents for IronPort to be used by management to share the process flow, polices and active features of the appliances with other teams.  • Participate in UAT testing for new request forms for myidM, a service request tracking system.  • Assisted Litigation team with O365 mailbox migration project by exporting and backing up copies of potential litigation hold mailboxes using PowerShell commands  • Train and mentor associate members from global support desk to ensure that end users are given the most accurate and up to date information.  • Maintain over 90% completion of Incident and service request resolution.  • Update and create new knowledge articles in ServiceNow, our incident and service request tracking system. Resulting in fewer ticket escalations.  • Manage content on Next Gen website to give end users to the ability find answers for minor issues.  • Work as a liaison between vendors such as Cisco, Microsoft and Quest and the end users to resolve software and hardware issues. Project Coordinator CDI Corporation - Plano, TX March 2014 to April 2015 Developed and maintained Excel database of over 4000 employee's telecom information.  • Setup email communication with mail merge using Microsoft Outlook, Word, Excel and Access.  • Verified user information to ensure that correct information was sent to the end user.  • Facilitated weekly meetings with the project team and telecom engineers to provide status updates to ensure that everyone was kept updated.  • Created training documents for end users. Project Manager/ IT Service Delivery/Circuit Order Management Hewlett Packard - Plano, TX October 2009 to March 2014 Processed and managed over 55,000 circuit orders between client and vendors based on internal Service Level Agreement (SLA) to enable site openings and site decommissioning, ensure accurate client charge back and inventory management.  • Acted as the liaison between the telecom engineers and telecom vendors in the T1 and DS3 circuit bandwidth upgrade project.  • Resolved database issues resulting in improved order processing completion by 70%.  • Collaborated with telecom vendors to facilitate completion of data and voice projects reducing order rework by 60%.  • Facilitated the disconnection of over 4000 circuits as part of the account's largest Session Initiated Protocol (SIP) implementation.  • Managed Master Schedule of over 5000 sites in accordance with Milestone Schedule. IT Data Analyst/ IT Business Analyst/Data Circuit Provisioning Bank of America - Fort Worth, TX November 2005 to October 2009 Provisioned data and voice circuits for site openings and upgrades nationwide for both branch and enterprise locations resulting in 80% of installations being on time.  • Maintained accurate circuit inventory and order data in Remedy based database to assist engineers with successful implementation and decommission of the circuits.  • Coordinated with Project & Program Managers/Voice Engineers/Vendors/Client, to gather requirements needed to ensure accurate and timely installation of circuits. Resulting the circuits getting installed without multiple visits to a site.  • Documented technical requirements to improve future installations.  • Disputed incorrect circuit charges with vendors resulting in $180K savings. Education Bachelor of Arts in Business Administration University of North Texas - Denton, TX Associate of Science Richland Community College - Dallas, TX Skills SHAREPOINT, ACTIVE DIRECTORY, CISCO, EXCHANGE, REMEDY, Microsoft Office, access, SQL, testing, training, Excel, MS Office, Powerpoint, Visio Links http://linkedin.com/in/camilleruss Additional Information SKILLS  Outlook, Excel, SharePoint, Access, PowerPoint, Word, Problem solving, Troubleshooting, PowerShell, Exchange 2010 and 2016, Exchange Online, Office 365, One Identity Manager, Unified Communications Analytics, Cisco IronPort, Service Now, Remedy, Next Gen, Change Auditor, Active Directory