Unified Communications Solutions Architect Unified Communications Solutions Architect Unified Communications Solutions Architect - AtoS (Formerly Unify and Siemens Enterprise Communications) Arvada, CO Senior Architect and Consultant working in telecom, networking, and converged IP communications. Deploy and Project Manage installation of Unified Communications and Contact Centers including gateways, SIP switching, CTI/CRM integration, custom reporting. Recommend third-party applications for Network Monitoring, Call Recording, Work Force Management, and Call accounting. Negotiate contracts including Partner subcontracting agreements, scoping and timeline estimates, deliverables, and risks. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Unified Communications Solutions Architect Unify and Siemens Enterprise Communications - Denver, CO October 2008 to Present Design solutions based on client requirements for converged IP communication from Unify and partner product portfolios. Solutions range from North American NG9-1-1 solutions for both ESInet routing and PSAP deployments, to premise, hybrid and cloud-based Communications. Reached quota attainment from $1.5 million to $2.5 million with North American Account Managers for Unified Communications and Contact Centers. Provide solution qualification assistance to the sales team (products, application and solutions selling). Perform discovery and analysis of current and future business requirements and create project deployment effort and timelines. Perform customer requirements discovery sessions and develop Statements of Work and High-Level Design for Unify OpenScape products including optional components: Xpert, Xpressions, Contact Center and Unified Communications.  Develop and present Unified Communications product at solution seminars and national and local conferences. Conduct regular educational training sessions with the regional Sales Architect resources to Account Managers. Discuss solutions and present solutions to all levels within a customer, including technical teams, management and Executives. Discussions include telecom and network architecture, deployment methodologies, and migration strategies. Experience includes work with Government, medium and large businesses in different vertical markets, including financial, utilities and manufacturing.  Respond to RFP's for replacement and implementation of telecom and networking solutions using SIP solutions. Create proposal budgets, total cost of ownership and return on investments documents. Senior IT Architect / Technical Project Manager IBM - Englewood, CO June 2006 to October 2008 Architect and Project Manage deployments of Cisco VoIP solutions including Unified Communications Manager, IP Contact Center, voice gateways/gatekeepers and Ethernet switches. Architecture includes Cisco IP Telephony and Call Center components and standalone CVP for call routing and enterprise queuing. Critical participant responsible for presentations and proposals with the sales team to win large contracts for the unified IP communications products and services. Provide pre-sales deployment timelines, roadmaps and estimates to customers and sales teams during the sales cycle. Responsible for increase in sales of contact center services within group.  Perform discovery and analysis of current and future business requirements and create project deployment effort and timelines. Perform customer requirements discovery sessions and develop Statements of Work and High-Level Design for Cisco IP Contact Center including optional components: Web Collaboration, Email Manager, CVP and Unified messaging products. Provide Professional Services skills, leading practices and customized solution delivery presentations to customer and sales teams. Work with account teams in pre and post sales engagements about customization of products including CTI desktop applications using Java, Visual Basic, or C++. Act as engagement leader for on-site deployment teams while maintaining high levels of customer service and providing communication to customer project teams and Executives. Manage customer expectations and success during deployments while meeting timelines and budgets. Test systems for functionality, redundancy and high availability prioritizing customer's needs and timelines.  Develop SOW content, questionnaires and sizing tools used by Professional Services teams to scope deployment, upgrade and transactional work for both custom and repeatable services on IP voice products. After completing the documents, publish internally and externally and present training to IBM teams. Analyze traffic and usage to recommend changes for improved performance of existing systems until new unified communications system can be deployed. Work within teams providing cohesive plans and communicate those plans to a non-technical audience.  Lucent Technologies, Cisco Systems, Englewood, Colorado  Project Manager, Technical Manager  Perform pre-sales scope and discovery for Cisco Unified Communications and Contact Center installations, upgrades and add-ons. Lead customer requirements discovery sessions and develop Statements of Work and High-Level Design for Cisco Advanced Services on Cisco Unified Communications including optional components: Web Collaboration, Email Manager, CVP and Unified messaging products. Create Professional Services skills, leading practices and customized solution delivery presentations to customer and sales teams.  Present deployment methodologies and migration strategies for large TDM ACD to IP Telephony environments including single, multi-site and international models to Customers, Partners and Sales Teams. Determine milestones, costs, revenues and timelines for Professional Services engagements and report discrepancies. Requires extensive knowledge of current and developing Call Center technologies, including Automatic Call Distribution, Interactive Voice Response Applications, Interexchange Carrier routing using legacy TDM voice and Voice over IP.  Negotiate Subcontractor agreements and pricing for partners to provide additional solutions during projects and recognize when partner solutions are appropriate. Mentor and train partners on Cisco products and customization services. Provide support to partners during discovery and requirements gathering sessions and assist writing SOW's, enabling faster self-sufficiency. Develop mentoring strategies for new Partners.  Managed Tier III support organization performing day to day management and reviews for the teams. Performed annual reviews determining salary merit increases and lump sum discretionary award pay based on Customer Satisfaction results and quantitative performance measures. Work with Operations Managers creating budgets for a call center team of 200 people (approximately $11 million).  Provide Product Managers Technical Support processes and definitions, review and update marketing of service programs, and work with OEM vendors. During initial development of new products provided detailed plans for service offerings allowing executive commitment gates to be passed and analyzing the training requirements, long term support plans, and cost analysis for the support organization. Project Manage new telecommunication products and updates from Bell Laboratories developers. From the call center technical support organization view, manage every aspect of product delivery for each new voice response and computer telephony application introduced from 1997 through 1999. Education M.S. Management in Information Systems University of Colorado at Denver - Denver, CO B.S. in Computer and Management Science Metropolitan State College of Denver Skills Microsoft Office (10+ years), Telecommunications (10+ years), Project Management (10+ years), Program Management (10+ years), Leadership (10+ years), VOIP (10+ years), Cloud Computing (6 years), SIP (10+ years), Call Center (10+ years), Sales Engineering (10+ years), Next Generation 911 (4 years), Agile (6 years), Prince2 (6 years), Presentation Skills (10+ years), Customer Service (10+ years), Customer Relations (10+ years), Public Speaking (10+ years) Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/greg-little-CO Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) January 2001 to January 2021 Assessments Data Analysis — Highly Proficient August 2019 Measures a candidate's skill in interpreting and producing graphs, identifying trends, and drawing justifiable conclusions from data. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/bbuj3ftshhz7vpgl Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Groups NENA: The 9-1-1 Association December 2018 to Present