contractor contractor contractor - JP Morgan Chase Westerville, OH Work Experience contractor JP Morgan Chase - Columbus, OH February 2019 to Present IT Infrastructure Project Manager - Global Technology  IT Project Manager (PM) for infrastructure in Global Technology Infrastructure department. Working on Enterprise wide Program to build out 4 new DataCenters that will be used to consolidate 13 existing DCs into these 4. Working on $2MM project to manage the build, test and installation of over 200 applications that will control the DataCenter and offer Compute Services orders by business groups. Scrum Master Certification Agile November 2018 to January 2019 Successfully completed the coursework and examination as a Certified Scrum Master. IT Infrastructure Project Manager Huntington Nat. Bank - Columbus, OH March 2018 to October 2018 IT Project Manager (PM) for infrastructure upgrade and refresh of 3rd party vendor supplied Auto-Dialer implementation, Application refresh, data conversion and infrastructure buildout of FICO scores rules engine application; and 3 Enhancement projects to 3rd party vendor supplied Loan Origination System. Position includes analysis of impacts to all Line of Business users, interconnected endpoint applications and data warehouses, and ownership of the project from kickoff through full SDLC execution and handoff to operations support. Supporting applications used are HP PPM, Service Now PPM both for deliverables administration, budget creation and variance tracking and Sharepoint for majority of document storage. IT Project Manager Fiserv Corporation - Columbus, OH November 2017 to March 2018 Project Execution manager (PM) for client facing implementations of Financial Services applications. Position includes analysis of client requests for services modifications and new implementations to prepare project quotes for approval; and subsequent ownership of the project from kickoff with client, full SDLC execution and then handoff to operations support. Client resources are inherent project team members, and as the project manager the coordination of the team as a whole is a primary asset for success. The PM manages all interactions with the client including file transfers (OnDemand hosted Secure FTP landing sites), QA validation resource scheduling and meeting planning. Completed all assigned work and contract was terminated. IT Project Manager (VP) JPMORGAN CHASE - Columbus, OH November 2006 to September 2017 Managed a large variety of Projects across the Mortgage Servicing Department, including small Projects that had Software Development involved or had only business process impacts, and large Projects that involved evaluation of external Vendors, infrastructure buildout and impacts, incorporation of selected Vendor into the business processes, and successful implementation of the Project with high quality.  - Managed Projects involving other Chase towers impacted by the Mortgage Servicing Project - Private Client, Auto, Digital, Commercial Banking and Asset Wealth Management. Accountable for Projects that were Customer Remittances for very large lists of impacted Customers.  - Excellent record of Project Management Documentation Audit Compliance, which required I maintain and provide extensive Project status and reporting for the execution team and to executive sponsors.  - Project Management practices were not expected to create Project schedules by review of task durations, as this was usually the IT team responsibility; accountable for deployment date and creation of the SDLC phase schedules.  - Managed several projects with Infrastructure buildouts due to new application introduction(in-house) and external SaaS application onboarding. Managed firewall penetration testing, telephony connectivity and validation and Data Center Disaster recovery testing. Contractor SAPPHIRE TECHNOLOGIES - Columbus, OH September 2006 to November 2006 IT Project Manager/Controller, Cardinal Health  Managed Feature Design and Delivery for WebSphere Commerce web page buildout to support existing product line which entailed working with Business Partner to solidify requirements, provide accurate estimates of feature requirements, assign feature tasks to team developers and monitor progress of tasks towards Project goals and milestones.  - Utilized ITG Project/Workbench and Time reporting application to manage Project. Accountable for budget tracking and reporting using specialized Excel Spreadsheet. Managed status and effort of offshore teams for development and verification; total Project budget $4.5M.  - Responsible to do earned value management for the Project assigned; (PV) data was based on hours of effort for each Task Team estimated and actually spent during each week of the Project. Contractor PERFORMANCE MANAGEMENT ASSOCIATES - Columbus, OH April 2005 to September 2006 IT Project Manager, Nationwide Insurance  Managed Feature Design and Delivery for End User Java Application that supported 7000+ Users entering and managing insurance claims into Toshiba Tablet MS Windows work stations. Clarity / Workbench and Time reporting application to manage several Projects that were executed in parallel. Utilized Mercury Quality Center application to track defects and maintain metrics on release quality.  - Used Clarity Project Management. Environment had a concise reporting of actual hours worked on every task, then exported into MS Excel Spreadsheets for measuring Schedule Variance and Cost Performances.  - Funding by our organization and supporting organizations was done on a semi-annual basis, so Project Cost Performance Index (CPI) was an important set of data for upper Management use in planning meetings.  BELL LABORATORIES - Signaling Systems Lab (now Nokia), Columbus, Ohio  IT Project Manager / SDLC and Project Methodology Advisor / Feature Development Team Lead  - Feature Development Team Lead/ project manager for large real time access Databases and their duplicated Data Center implementations. This involved all infrastructure to support Network Access (LAN and WAN), User interface access, Server maintenance and environmental controls. C and C++ developer in a Unix environment, and the product was a distributed complex of 10 large minicomputers that hosted different functions, I.e. Telephony Network Signaling, DB control/access, Site Maintenance, Network Surveillance, Site Security).  Other Bell Labs work history can be made available upon request. Education Project Management Villanova University December 2018 Masters in Computer Science The Ohio State University - Columbus, OH Bachelor of Science in Electronics Engineering Ohio Institute of Technology - Columbus, OH Skills PROJECT PLANNING, TEAM MANAGEMENT, USE CASE, CASE ANALYSIS, USE CASE ANALYSIS Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/tim-bechtel-7564a5