IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Cincinnati, OH • Information Technology ( IT) and Business Leader with thirty years of diversified experience and success in IT Project Management, support structure design/development, technical training/support, team building/ retention, and managing P&L • Hands-on Leader with a proven management track record in large and small companies in the information services, healthcare, legal, financial and technology industries with the demonstrated ability to lead major projects, increase productivity/quality, improve customer satisfaction, reduce attrition rates and develop new business. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager Getronics (contract Cinincinnati Public Schools) - Cincinnati, OH February 2019 to Present • Manage multiple concurrent IT projects across CPS district of approximately 60+ schools and board of education location offices.  • Create project plans, track activity against plans, coordinate roll out events, schedule events, risk evaluation, issue escalation and vendor management.  • Mange development of UI Path bot creation to automate internal tax abatement processes  • Migrate existing enterprise Novell based print management system (Equitrac) to AD based (PaperCut MF)  • Developed pilot migration and testing plan for AD/PaperCut MF  • Manage hardware roll out and Windows 10 upgrade to 6,000 users across 64 locations  • Implement online registration platform (Registration Gateway) including hardware installation/setup, training, application customization and translation to 64 locations  • Develop and manage iPad hardware and application roll out to multiple locations  • Create project plan and manage already underway Novell to MS Active Directory enterprise migration for entire district and 8,000 users  • Developed plan to consolidate current departmental data silos into a comprehensive enterprise data and analytics dashboard utilizing Abre platform  • Application administrator for Smartsheet collaborative work management platform and administrator for PaperCut MF enterprise print management platform Implementation Project Manager 5TH/3RD BANK - Cincinnati, OH October 2018 to February 2019 • Manage 10-12 technical projects simultaneously  • Work directly with commercial clients to determine best technical solution for product setup   • Manage team from build out to testing to production to support   • Provide weekly status reports to all stakeholders   • Configure BMPP system and setup portal administration rights for users  • Provide post go live technical support and solutions as required Senior IT Project Manager FocustApps, LLC - Florence, KY December 2017 to July 2018 • Develop, define and execute project plans, project scope, tasks, schedules, budgets and deliverables Drives collaboration and communication between internal business units and development team to achieve milestones and deliverables   • Manages global team of developers regarding tasks, sprints, phase requirements, etc. utilizing Asana   • Assigns and manages progress of project team providing analytical and technical support and direction   • Ensures requirements for technology projects align to operational standards   • Manages project risks, issues and task progress to ensure project goals and timeline are met  • Provides decision seeking and informational presentations to executive, technical and business units Create and maintain executive dashboard and provide weekly project updates to all stakeholders and project sponsors   • Identify project gaps or areas for improvement and recommend solutions   • Acts as escalation point for project risks and issues   • Develop custom reporting utilizing MS Power BI   • Experience with cloud based, mobile (iOS/Android) development projects and technologies   • Create, execute and monitor application UAT testing/QA process   • Manage application development conversion from AS400 to Azure platform Operations Manager 7 InTouch - Clearwater, FL December 2015 to May 2016 • Provides front line direction to Customer Service Representatives (CSRs) ensuring quality service is provided in each interaction • Ensures that payroll information is correct, on time, and accurate for their team of CSRs - Assists with other teams when peers are absent or on leave • Promotes professional and personal development of individual team members by administering performance evaluations, training needs, progressive disciplinary actions, and career opportunity programs • Negotiates, mediates, and arbitrates when required with customers or CSRs in order to resolve issues and meet expectations • Conducts advanced troubleshooting and extensive research to resolve issues regarding products and customer inquiries • Documents and successfully communicates changes, and other information regarding customer accounts to agents to ensure accuracy and quality of service • Learns and maintains extensive knowledge of client philosophy, promotions, products and processes to ensure quality customer service Infrastructure Project Manager TEKsystems - Dayton, OH March 2015 to August 2015 • Responsible for creating global enterprise Microsoft Server 2010 upgrade project plan to fit the client's needs and deliver on desired outcomes. Had accountability for maintaining and controlling the project schedule and dashboard. Coordinates meetings, identifies the necessary resources, identifies risks and develops timelines to ensure the project is completed on time. Project scope of over 3,000 MS Servers to be upgraded to 2010 or decommissioned.  • Develop integrated baseline project plans applying estimating models, identify resources and skills required, document estimating assumptions, refine plans and manage performance against them • Recommend best solutions based on understanding of business issues • Provide task-based schedule and cost forecasts and assist in assessing risk-based provisions • Capture and track program metrics and perform analysis • Manage project scope by assessing requirements changes, determining and conveying impact on budget, time and risk • Manage project closure initiatives, such as client satisfaction survey and closure analysis Director of Operations and Business Development Pangaea Language Services - Cincinnati, OH 2013 to 2015 • Created and developed expanded services and infrastructure of existing company including translation/interpretation services, IT management and administration, marketing, logo and website design, telecom design, software platform design, contractor recruitment/retention, executive staff coaching, project management and a myriad of business process and workflow improvements.  • Developed all marketing materials, sales strategies, website, social media presence and relationship management protocols. Performed all inside/outside sales and marketing duties.  • Managed capital expenditure process as it pertains to the procurement of resources for all operations.  • Managed security administration and disaster recovery planning and execution.  • Ensured all technical and data HIPPA compliancy requirements fulfilled.  • Oversaw the architecture, implementation, and key support of servers appropriate to the long-term strategic goals.  • New hire on boarding: equipment set-up, account setup, overview of systems, new hire training Including training on processes, language services applications and translation and scheduling tools. Formed customer satisfaction surveys and developed process for distribution and collection of surveys.  • Directly managed contracted interpreters and translators proficient in over 150 languages across the U.S. and abroad on daily basis. Worked with Translator and Interpreter Manager to ensure that daily scheduled appointments were fulfilled and completed.  • Provided language services to many industries including but not limited to, healthcare, legal, education, government, insurance, financial and manufacturing • Responsible for promoting teamwork, cross-training employees and succession planning.  • Maintained current knowledge of industry trends and potential impact on the business.  • Conducted interviews for new analysts and proactively maintain candidate pipeline; drive efficiency levels.  • Directed the development of clients Statement of Work including change management, business continuity and communication plans. IT Service Desk Manager Pomeroy - Hebron, KY 2012 to 2013 • Managed a team which supports over 10,300 global users. Support structure includes corporate offices, training sites, sales force, website and remote users. Responsible for P&L of service desk and client account, benchmarking team performance against stated client SLAs, driving performance improvement, meeting all client communication requirements and continuously developing improved processes and procedures.  • Analyst productivity (queue management, utilization detection and call monitoring).  • Participated and assist in driving the knowledge management process, including the use of Knowledge • Centered Support (KCS) methodologies as supported.  • Prepared, analyzed and modified staffing plans as required.  • Provided informal monthly feedback, conduct formal quarterly skills assessment and report progress against goals (includes skills analysis and call monitoring).  • Maintained a high level of employee morale and engagement within the team.  • Assisted in the professional and technical development of analysts enabling them to set goals, monitor, mentor, coach and assist analysts to deliver quality support.  • Primary point of contact between account/client management and GSC management; collaborating with Business Relationship Manager, Program Manager, etc.  • Identified and implemented continuous improvement initiatives on assigned desk.  • Resolved daily issues of a complex scope that impact the team and overall business objectives.  • Identified and propose new product/service releases or ideas. Ensured compliance using established procedures for new and existing statements of work.  • Achieved compliance with all SLAs associated with the assigned client desk(s).  • SLA delivery (daily monitoring and management). Owner/CEO Lexicon International - Los Angeles, CA 2007 to 2011 • Founded corporation in competitive and growing commerce of language services provision. As an entrepreneur performed all functions necessary to establish and grow a newly formed business in a highly competitive geographic area for language services. to expand and improve all services and business functions each year with excellent results in quality of service, customer satisfaction, contractor relations and revenue growth.  • Established and built language services company from the ground up with no capital investment. Grew business by over 250% annually for three consecutive years. Expanded regional company footprint to national level within six months. By the end of the third fiscal year gross revenue equaled 2.8 million dollars.  • Developed all marketing materials, sales strategies, website, social media presence and relationship management protocols. Performed all inside/outside sales and marketing duties.  • Direct management of System and Network Administrators who provide key production support to existing servers and storage architectures.  • Managed capital expenditure process as it pertains to the procurement of resources for IT Operations.  • Managed security administration and disaster recovery planning and execution.  • Ensured all technical and data HIPPA compliancy requirements fulfilled.  • Oversaw the architecture, implementation, and key support of servers appropriate to the long-term strategic goals.  • Set standards of excellence for all data center operations.  • Formed customer satisfaction surveys and developed process for distribution and collection of surveys.  • Customer satisfaction rate consistently over 99%.  • Directly managed over 900 contracted interpreters and translators proficient in over 150 languages across the U.S. and abroad on a daily basis. Worked with Calendar Manager to ensure that daily scheduled appointments were fulfilled and completed.  • Provided language services to many industries including but not limited to, healthcare, legal, education, government, insurance, financial and manufacturing. Clients included, Children's Hospital Los Angeles, WellPoint, Anthem Blue Cross, Los Angeles Superior Court, San Diego Courts, Merrill Legal • Services, Farmers Insurance, U.S. Department of Justice and USC Norris Cancer Center.  • Installed and administered company VoIP phone system. Generated daily, weekly, monthly, quarterly ACD stats.  • Created all processes and procedures for On-Site, Translation and Over the Phone (OPI) operations. Generated all custom client billing and usage reports. Delivered all required reports for state and federal compliancy semiannually/annually.  • Responsible for client billing and employee/contractor payroll. In addition, performed all collection duties.  • Negotiated all new contracts and pricing models for each line of business and client. Also handled all contract renewals. Director Support Services Network Omni - Los Angeles, CA 2005 to 2007 • Directed team of IT and operational professionals in a fast paced high pressure environment. Directly managed 911 operators/interpreters taking incoming emergency calls from multiple states across the nation and interpreting them into over 50 languages. Spearheaded initiatives to increase communication and efficiency between departments and across platforms. Oversaw multiple IT projects concurrently while continuing to keep meeting client SLAs and compliancy requirements.  • Directed team of IT and operational professionals in a fast-paced high-pressure environment. Spearheaded initiatives to increase communication and efficiency between departments and across platforms. Oversaw multiple IT projects concurrently while continuing to keep meeting client SLAs and compliancy requirements.  • Developed and implemented enterprise Change Management program. As Change Advisory Board Manager conducted weekly CAB meetings consisting of change proposals, requests for change, change approval, review, implementation, post change review and emergency change approval. Directed, implemented and managed all aspects of Data Center Operations to provide a resilient, stable, supportable environment for deployment of IT services.  • Restructured 911 Call Center operations. Increased efficiency and QoS by modifying staffing model, upgrading telecom infrastructure including CTI, increasing training time and working closely with call center manager and supervisors on a daily basis.  • Member of Cisco CallManager platform administration team. Performed installation, upgrades, remote admin utilizing CLI, VoIP hardware setup and configuration, Unity admin, softphone installation and support, troubleshooting and vendor support relations.  • Supervised Work Force Management department. Analyzed past volume and staffing patterns and implemented based on the forecast provided by the client staff the call centers to ensure service goals are met. Validated forecasting and staff planning and worked with Account Managers. Met department budget goals by controlling costs for equipment and personnel. Conducted analysis and recommended solutions to real time performance issues with the operational call centers.  • Microsoft Enterprise POC and administrator.  • Managed network and telecom administrators located at corporate world headquarters and Canada. Vendor relations POC for all IT related purchasing and procurement. Negotiated pricing, delivery, value added services, service contracts and equipment upgrades.  • Member of Executive Leadership Team. Analyze client needs, problem resolution, and growth of organization, IT strategies, client satisfaction, international telecom infrastructure and continuous improvement in marketing and sales model.  • Expanded role by acquiring Calendar and Scheduling departments in order to increase customer satisfaction.  • Designed Disaster Recovery Plan and Business Continuity Plan. Led training and implementation of plans for corporate headquarters and satellite call centers located in Canada, U.S., Dominican Republic and Peru. Manager Technology Support Center ING Group - El Segundo, CA 2003 to 2005 • Managed second and third level help desk team supporting over 10,000 users. Support provided to ING home office staff and entire field of financial services reps. Responsibilities included, but were not limited to, being single IT POC for IAN business units, maintaining vendor relationships, developing and implementing needed processes and procedures for IT services, project management, strategic deployment of IT resources and IT special project coordinator.  • Restructured help desk into two support teams • Data Team handles all incoming application data issues • Support Team handles all incoming application support issues • Re-established business relationship between ING Advisors Network business units and IBM IT outsourcing group • Managed business relationship for USFS El Segundo IT working with ING Advisors Network and Financial Network business leaders and executive team • Consistently communicated IT initiatives to executive leadership in an effort to remain aligned with business needs and projects • IT lead for ING/IAN internal and external encryption project encompassing IAN home office and USFS • North American locations consisting of approximately 18,000+ units • Successfully redesigned vendor deployment plan in order to mitigate and reduce installation failure rate from 2-4% to 0-.5% • Developed and managed internal deployment plan for IAN home office location utilizing team of IBM and ING resources and duplicated model across IAN offices • Re-branded help desk from Field Technology Group to Technology Support Center using customer centric approach • Developed metrics and designed reports for all ACD and problem management system stats utilizing Crystal Reports, MS Access and HEAT • Acted as IT point of contact for enterprise e-Mail migration project from Lotus Notes and MS Exchange • 5.5 platforms to MS Exchange 2003 server and client • Developed and conducted training sessions for business users included in transformation • Provided one on one support for business points of contact and executive team • Responsible for maintaining integrity of e-Mail environment for ING Advisors Network • Worked successfully with IBM SDM, ING SMO and IAN business units to extend role of help desk and greatly improved technical support across IAN internally/externally • Reduced spending in first half of '06 by $130,000 by renegotiating vendor contracts and IBM support scope Education Bachelor of Science in Health Sciences in Health Sciences US Army Medical Department Center and School (AMEDDC&S), Academy of Health Sciences (AHS) Business Administration Wright State University Skills Cisco (2 years), HIPPA (7 years), project management (4 years), training (7 years), VoIP (7 years), Outlook, Microsoft Project, PM, Waterfall, SDLC, PMP Certifications/Licenses A valid IT Specialist certification Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  • SDLC  • Waterfall  • Scrum Master  • PM  • Project Management    • Information Technology  • Software Development  • IVR Design  • MS Azure  • Power BI    CORE COMPETENCIES    • Interpretation Fulfillment  • Translation Project Management  • Executive Leadership  • SaaS Management  • HIPPA  • Compliance  • CISCO  • AVAYA  • VoIP Management  • Cloud Based Application Management  • Reverse Auctions (RFI, RFP, RFQ)  • Team Building  • Morale Development  • Customer Service Training  • Strategy & Leadership  • Budgeting/Cost Control - Regulatory Compliance  • Personnel Management  • Customer Experience Platform  • Customer Service Delivery  • Workforce Management  • Process Enhancement - Training/Development  • Project Management  • Contract Negotiations/Vendor Relations  • Technology Integration & Management  • Call Center Development  • Support Desk Design  • Asana  • Toggl - SDLC  • Asset Management Systems  • Transportation Logistics and Intermodal