IT Project Manager IV <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IV IT Project Manager IV Duluth, GA • Accomplished, methodical, and integrity-driven PMP Certified Professional offering extensive multi-industry experience with a strong concentration in program, project, product, risk, vendor, and customer relations management services.  • 15+ years of experience delivering up to $3.5M in reduced operations costs & streamlined inventories & infrastructures to Fortune 100 enterprises, especially through project management of up to $7M ERP & SAP program implementations & consolidations.  • Led >25 projects across healthcare, government, travel & consumer products.  • 15+ years of driving up to 8 simultaneous technical & cross-functional teams of up to 50 with 15 client resources. Proven ability in managing large complex projects and on/off-shore teams  • Strong technical background supporting applications on various platforms (client/server, web and mainframe)  • Proficient in establishing relationships at all levels (customer, management, team and vendor) and mentoring teams  • Extensive experience in strategic development, program implementation, team building, planning and budgeting Work Experience IT Project Manager IV Kimberly Clark - Roswell, GA July 2018 to April 2019 * Managed a Global Demand Planning Project I took over that was running Sprints that was ineffective. by another Project Manager. Took the Project from Agile to Waterfall which made resources more accountable for task completion. Managed risk and the Global Roadmap of implementation and integration for all regions and sub-regions.  * Managed 3rd party Vendor who were developing Trade Discount Management and Demand Sensing for the Global Demand Planning Project  * Managed a Supply Chain APO Project using Agile methodology. Held twice weekly Scrum Meetings Program Manager Lectra, Inc - Smyrna, GA July 2016 to June 2018 * Programs and Projects were implemented for clients in the Product Lifecycle Management in the Fashion and Apparel industry as SaaS projects.  * Assisted clients in solving issues. Negotiated contracts and Change Management of amendments.  * Multiple client engagements in North America were managed by one of the Project Teams with my oversight or I managed the larger clients with Project Managers managing each of multiple locations specific.  * Improved program governance and developed program strategy for the company and provided project estimating tool to estimate cost of client projects. Developed Benefit Realizations for documenting clients' expectations. Used Salesforce and CRM to track new potential client engagements. Senior Infrastructure Project Manager/Portfolio Manager Georgia Department of Labor - Atlanta, GA June 2014 to May 2016 * Managed $2.5M Datacenter replacement of mainframe system and migration and move to Linux server's datacenter for unemployment office staff of 200+ throughout state serving 1M unemployed citizens.  * Decommissioned the Mainframe to allow elimination of a $3M annual mainframe support charge with zero disruption to operations and upgraded the LANs and WAN network with current technology  * Enabled invisible Mainframe transition to Linux and Virtual servers and storage with virtually no changes to users' processes & procedures.  * Updated or replaced all mainframe applications. Audited the mainframe and Audit the Linux Server to ensure all data fields were converted  * Managed Connect: Direct (COTS) Projects utilizing PKI digital certificates to provide secure financial data transactions to reconnected Banks, US Treasury, and Social Security.  * Managed a portfolio of projects which included Content Imaging and VOIP Phones  * Reduced storage costs by 20% when shrank historical records scope to 6 years from 20 years.  * Provided vendor integration management oversight on all project related activities to include project planning, scheduling, cost management, execution, product delivery and disaster recover. Technical Infrastructure Project Manager Travelport, Inc - Atlanta, GA July 2013 to May 2014 Led $3.8M network architecture development project as part of $12M network consolation of 4 acquisitioned to merge the network infrastructures for leading travel commerce platform conducting on-line transactions to airlines, car rental, hotels, & cruise lines for over 3000+ global travel agencies.  • Reduced infrastructure support manpower by 75% while increasing message size to 128-bit from 8-bit  • Developed one network robust infrastructure architecture utilizing newest network technology.  • Utilized 5-phase work streams to create new network infrastructure  • RACI Charts utilized to identify responsibility on decisions  • Created risk management, identifying risk, risk triggers and risk mitigation  • Oversaw Global teams of 10 to 15 for each work stream which include several Great Britain team members. Enterprise Program Manager Gentiva Healthcare, Inc - Atlanta, GA February 2012 to May 2013 • Managed 2 concurrent high visibility enterprise programs & 8 large projects simultaneously driving direction, planning, and execution for large and very large initiatives using Software Development Life Cycle & Waterfall Methodology.  • Collaborated with Sales, Marketing, Data Services and other functions to develop stakeholders needs that needed integration in the program planning, managed and optimized an integrated Technology roadmap.  • Drove IT application development projects using SDLC & Integrations with 3rd party vendors' Software as a Service (SaaS) & interacting with multiple projects manager on sub- projects to provide support and guidance on the individual projects as well as to convey the important relationship of each project to the bigger picture.  • Managed compliance projects for Hospice and Healthcare divisions  • Provided thought leadership, best practice guidance, and support in using data migration, application development and integration tools to technical team during implementations.  • Managed integrations with 3rd party vendors  • Obtained senior management approval for the programs by presenting the program charter with its high-level costs and benefits for the organization, project metrics, and the estimated ROI in order to receive authorization to proceed to the next phases  • Managed interface of PeopleSoft HRMS & Financials to 3rd party vendors, Healthcare legacy systems, 401K, Benefits, ADP, MMIS, Time and Attendance & other various reports. Managed ICD-10 upgrade from CMS ICD-9 Project.  • Reduced benefit payroll $3.5M after 1st year when managed $3M Time & Attendance Program for 18K employees in both home health & the merged new hospice divisions.  • Established Program strategy aligned with Company, Program Benefit Management, Program Governance, and Program Stakeholder Engagement & Program Life Cycle Management.  • Implemented time & attendance reporting front ended with PeopleSoft Payroll System.  • Established business processes for approval process for above base pay branch authorization threshold/limit & approval escalation process.  • Managed program risks, issues and change control  • Served as SharePoint Administrator for 6 SharePoint sites.  • Managed iSeries OS Upgrade Infrastructure Project to upgrade all the AS-400 environments operating system from V4R1 to V5R1 & upgrade or replace all 3rd party software for the Data Center.  • Managed a Cloud application program to reduce clinician turnover rate to 22% from 46% within 1st year when migrated to $7M I-Pad clinical automation program migrating data to a Cloud for >200 branch offices with ~12K clinicians that eliminated the manual billing to Medicare and Medicaid. Oversaw 4 Project teams & led Enterprise Program Team of 16.  • Reduced headcount by one for >200 branches through elimination of need for data entry.  • Enabled automatic updating of Medicare and Medicaid & payroll reporting by creating system using Verizon connectivity to upload I-pad completed patient information forms to Healthcare legacy systems.  • Decreased by 18% product development life cycle after trained Project Managers in M/S Project 2010.  • Managed a project to train 99.6% of 8K Hospice employees from the merger of an acquire Hospice Company in Compliance and Regulations including HIPAA as part of the in 90 days as required by Office of Inspector General, enabling maintenance of $280B annual Medicare and Medicaid business.  • Synchronized dependent business unit projects with migration program to ensure migration program is minimally impacted by change.  • Managed LMS projects and one LMS upgrade to ensure Gentiva Healthcare employees could take their annual learning and testing  • Managed Compliance Projects to ensure Gentiva Healthcare remained in compliance with the healthcare requirements. Senior IT Project Manager - Scrum Master Reed Construction Data - Norcross, GA December 2010 to December 2011 • Managed 7 each $750K to $1.5M digital website upgrade projects for e-commerce B2C solutions for construction site enabling 8000+ Construction sub-contractors & building material suppliers to view newly up-for-bid construction contracts and by subscription through credit cards  • Transformed Reed Construction Data from a Waterfall to a Scrum methodology  • Created environment for on time or early project completion while mitigating risk when created Project Management Framework for new PMO process along with new Recourse estimating Tool & New Change Control Procedure.  • Created and executed project schedules using 2-week development Agile sprints and daily or 3 times a week scrum meeting for each project team of 10 to 12.  • Enabled budget estimates based on confidence level during Initiation phase and again during planning phase when developed Budget Estimating Tool using Pert Calculations and Standard Variance.  • Created risk management, identifying risk, risk triggers and risk mitigation.  • Developed Communication plan based on client preferences.  • Managed global teams that included India team members.  • Created Executive Scorecard for each project. Mentored junior and new Project Managers.  • Allowed customers easy access when drove design & development of new web application & new e-commerce web pages using agile methodology to support the business to business. Program Manager Waters Management Group - Alpharetta, GA November 2008 to November 2010 • Developed, documented, and taught Professional Project Management Courses. Project Management principles taught using the Project Management Body of Knowledge (PMBOK) and Best Practices for a Project Manager as the baseline for the course.  • Negotiated and documented the Workforce Investment Act requirements to allow Waters Management Group to be an Eligible Education Provider of classroom instruction.  • Negotiated and documented the Project Management Institute Registered Education Provider for allow Waters Management Group to be a Registered Education Provider.  • Wrote the revised documentation for training using PMBOK v4.  • Audited a Fundamentals of Microsoft Project 2007 taught by Microsoft Certified Instructors from PM Resources Group for inclusion in the PMP Certification Review Courses taught to WIA students.  • Evaluated other education providers' course that solicited Waters Management Group to become part of the WIA offering.  • Advised, set direction and advised newly certified Project Managers on their assignments. Senior IT Application Project Manager Advance Auto Parts, Inc - Roanoke, VA July 2008 to October 2008 • Managed integrated portfolio of 24 projects or program initiatives simultaneously for the Visual Merchandising Group with project financials from $800k to $150K using Software Development Life Cycle.  • Articulated a vision of a successful project for each project team member that were 8 to 16 team members on each team  • Developed Project schedules based on the Work Breakdown Structure of each project or Initiative  • Established a Master Project Schedule and uploaded each of the 24 Projects and Initiatives to load cross dependencies between tasks of each Project or Initiative  • Project Status Meetings were facilitated with project teams reviewing completion of task, forecast of future task completion, monitor and manage risk and manage open issues  • Project Status was communicated to the internal stakeholders and/or external customers and third-party vendors. Tracked vendor against the approved LOE  • Managed change requests for each Project and Initiative and mitigate identified risks. Tracked resources for completion of task completion on-time. Developed Communication plan based on Advance Auto Parts preferences.  • Managed project financials for each project or program initiative and tracked. Created, managed and facilitated project meetings weekly.  • A custom off the shelf (COTS) vendor, JDA Intactix Floor Planning Plan-o-grams, Space Planning Plan-o-grams, and Intactix Knowledge Base system for store floor and space plan-o-grams project was implemented successfully on time and 29% under budget using SDLC methodologies and Quality Assurance processes to manage the project. The JDA vendor and other vendors were managed for the Point of Sales systems in the retail stores. Interfaced the ETL files from Data Warehouse to the JDA Intactix system.  • HP Project and Portfolio Management (PPM) were used for management of financials, project status and capture actual costs weekly and captured vendors cost manually from bi-monthly invoices  • Managed an Infrastructure project to establish a secure data connection between Roanoke, VA and Minneapolis, MN Senior IT Project Manager SAP Manufacturing and Supply Chain Coca Cola Company - Atlanta, GA February 2008 to June 2008 • Managed a new secret consumer product implemented at two manufacturing plants during the Beta phase. Project work streams managed were the SAP Order to Cash, Forecast to Deploy, and Procure to Pay.  • Supported the Manufacturing and Supply Chain Management to drive timely creation, review/approval, and archival of project quality data records in conformance with company IT Program Management methodology.  • Developed Work Breakdown Structure to determine tasks and use Microsoft Project to manage the project schedule. Conducted JAD sessions and performed gap analysis for the new business processes on new equipment with a new SAP system.  • Managed the development and documentation of business processes of the Prism plant to SAP ECC6 in order to manufacture the new product at the plant using a third-party SAP subject matter expert.  • Developed effective processes, documented them in ARIS Business Process Management system using a process modeler.  • Functional requirements were managed developed and documented for the Manufacturing, Supply Chain, and 3rd party logistics Systems providers' interfaces supporting the systems requirements. Principal Consultant Manhattan Associates - Atlanta, GA January 2007 to December 2007 • Managed 5 Projects in Advanced Planning Group for Retail Industry with Tier 2 & Tier 3 customers.  • Gained up to 37% (min. 19%) sales increases when managed $500K to $1M implementations of Retail Advance Planning Systems.  • Customized designs by including input from customer key resources.  • Managed projects using SDLC methodologies.  • Managed global projects that included up to 5 India employees to develop code.  • Aligned Advanced Planning Implementation Methodology with ISO 9001 & PRISM Implementation Methodology.  • Managed project with 1st client of Evant for 3 modification requests to 5-year-old system requiring re-configuration of Advance Planning System. Senior Project Manager Activant - San Antonio, TX June 2006 to December 2006 • Managed projects implementing Point of Sale tier 2 and tier 3 auto aftermarket clients of Activant. Provided cash drawers, daily cash out, Plan-o-gram, and a screen display showing the customer a picture of the repair part the customer was looking for his/her repair of their car.  • Led multi-skilled project teams using the new implementation methodology and articulated a vision of a successful implementation to the project team  • Budgets were typically in the $300K to $1M range. Led project team weekly status meetings and mentored project team consisting of two or three Activant subject matter experts and 3 to 4 client team members  • Developed new business processes for implementation of new clients Application Program Manager T-Mobile - Bellevue, WA December 2005 to May 2006 • Led 4 project teams in order management program to build more efficient supply chain. Gained project ROI's of up to 423% (min. 180%) on projects.  • Reverse Logistics Program, Web Portal for Warehouse KPI, UPS Web portal for mail order notification customer, Web portal for IT system identification & management.  • Managed 3r party vendor in developing the Web Portal integration.  • Led simultaneous cross-functional project teams to implement multiple IT application projects for the PMO using Software Full Life Cycle Development with T-Mobile implementation methodology.  • Enabled new features via structured systems development requiring integration with R/3 SAP, TIBCO, SQL, Web Portal, Java, J2EE, PkMS, Oracle & Streamline.  • Secured top talent by negotiating with managers for project team commitment & asking chosen team members for required Level of Effort. Senior Principal Consultant Adjoined Consulting - Atlanta, GA June 2005 to November 2005 • Reviewed current business processes, analyzed the client users' input, and evaluated client business systems and user needs using SAP GUI 4.6c PP.  • Made strategic recommendations to positively affect the client.  • Subject matter expert identified options for potential solutions and assessed them for both technical and business suitability. Bill of Material and Route and Work Center usage, SOP and MPS/MRP planning were reviewed.  • Contributed recommendations on how the client could use their existing system by creating logical and innovative solutions to complex problems.  • Recommended configuration changes to SAP for the client. IT Project Manager Propex Fabrics - Austell, GA February 2004 to May 2005 Managed a custom and third-party implementation, using software development life cycle, for two phases of Zemeter' s Integrated Supply Chain System (SQL), Forecasting and Product Supply Planning that replaced/augmented the IBM outsourced SAP MM/PP systems and an Access database because Propex Fabric was devested and sold from Phillip Petroleum  • IT application development when interfacing between Zemeter and SAP, and 3rd party vendor systems  • Zemeter provided analytical products and tools to assess effectiveness of demand planning to learn actual errors and corrected future periods  • Return on the investment for the project was 378% on an $879K budget  • Wrote concise project business financial cases and attain financial approval and business buy-in of the cost/benefit analysis to proceed on the capitalized project  • Managed project financials and managed the scope change management plan  • Led and mentored project team consisting of 3 vendors, one third party contractor and 5 business users and 3 staff technical resources  • Managed the Supply Chain Consulting 3rd Party vendor supporting the Zemeter Supply Chain System. Strategy Coordinator Siemens Homeland Security - Irving, TX November 2001 to December 2003 • A response /call center for Siemens Homeland Security was implemented. Customer requirements were translated into specific plans and tasks using knowledge of the industry and delivery methodology. Excel Database was initially used to track trouble tickets, but later replaces with Access database.  • Implemented Electronic Trace Detections devices used at airports passenger security station at several airports.  • Presented DCAS status report using Excel Pivot Tables covert to graphs for presentation.  • Six Sigma methodologies were used to reduce open trouble ticket backlog from 2250 trouble tickets to a backlog of 125 trouble tickets.  • Implemented ISO9000 in the strategic response call center to provide standardized processes and forms. Project Manager & Senior Business Consultant American Software, Inc - Atlanta, GA August 1988 to October 2001 • Managed multiple enterprise projects simultaneously implementing ERP, Supply Chain or Warehouse Management Systems Implementations for Fortune 100 CPG & cosmetic clients, such as Newell Rubbermaid, Rayovac, Maybelline and other CPG. Led 13 to 15 American Software subject matter experts & Technical team. Implemented 10 -20 new clients each year developing new business processes for each client as well as delivering the new ERP, Supply Chain or Warehouse Management System Software.  • Completed on-time & within budget 10-15 clients' $500K to $10M implementations each year.  • Increased inventory turns by 24%, production efficiency by 19% & on time customer shipments by 8% in 1st year when managed $10M ERP consolidation project for 21 corporations of Newell and the Acquisition and Merger of Rubbermaid to form Newell Rubbermaid.  • Reduced inventory by $750K, increased production efficiency by 16%, inventory turns by 18% & on time customer shipments by 11% within 1st year for Rayovac.  • Reduced inventory by $828K, increasing by 16% on time customer shipments & inventory turns by 16% in 1st year for Maybelline.    Previous 7 years in manufacturing operations  7 years in the US Army as a Signal Officer Education Bachelor of Science in Industrial Management in Industrial Management Georgia Institute of Technology - Atlanta, GA Skills Team management, Security, Application development, Change management, Program management, Cloud Computing (1 year) Military Service Branch: United States Army Rank: Captain Additional Information CORE COMPETENCIES  Program Management - Project Management - Enterprise IT Programs - Mobile & Web Solutions  Enterprise Security - Application Development - Infrastructure Development - Implementation - Integrations  Technical Team Management - Change Management - Agile/Scrum