Help Desk Technician Specialist Help Desk Technician Specialist Help Desk Technician Specialist - Advantage Resourcing San Francisco, CA Results-driven system admin/consultant with about 15 years' experience helping businesses improve IT operations and service  management, Project, Support/ Hardware management and Administrator, process improvement, Security implementation and  compliance. Lead projects for Hospitality solution and Retails; Design, Installation, software developer and maintenance Work Experience Help Desk Technician Specialist Advantage Resourcing - San Francisco Bay Area, CA June 2017 to Present Handle more than 30 tickets daily, providing Level I, II support to end users  ? Control and monitor network for clients and provide hardware support for about 3000 devices  ? Troubleshot more than 86 enterprise project tickets with a 100% success rate  ? Replace and maintain server devices, data storage, network equipment, and data storage, HP Proliant DL380 G6, G7 & G9 Contractor PDS Tech - Oakland, CA October 2016 to Present Support Voting & Edge machines for more than 40 polling places during live elections  ? Install, maintain, and troubleshoot data backup and closely monitor about 110 stations to ensure secure elections  ? Manage security testing for voting stations  ? Upgrade hardware / BIOS, maintenance and test more than 1800 devices for each elections System Administrator / IT Officer Embassy of Cyprus March 2006 to October 2016 Designed, implemented and maintained corporate network, remote offices and data center infrastructure.  ? Configured and monitored VIS Visa Information System security systems, data recovery/back up and processes for 32  international offices  ? Maintained and troubleshot monitoring devices for 5000 different devices globally  ? Assurance of uninterrupted operations during building relocations and department expansions.  ? Configured and maintained server rooms, routers, cabling, hubs, arrays, blades, LTO Decks, LAN/WAN, UPS, switches, patch  panels, and large format/label printers  ? Troubleshot workstations, printers, servers, finger prints and card reader devices  ? Upgraded and supported POS systems for over 48 hospitality clients in Europe, designed the network, and user interface NCR- RealPOS70 and MICROS IT technician / Project Manager / System Administrator RMI IT - Dubai, AE March 2001 to December 2015 - U.A.E.  ? Trained and new associates on POS system and key sales tactics in EU, UAE, QATAR and Iran  ? Configured menus and inventory systems for end user hospitality software  ? Managed IT administration and client relationships for more than 180 hospitality locations and networks which supported 4000+  devices KFC, PIZZA HUT, COSA CAFÉ, Carrefour, HARDIES.  ? Designed, implemented and maintained LAN/WAN infrastructure for the office  ? Maintained and supported network and hardware (PCs and Printers) for clients  ? Monitored network vulnerabilities and configured hardware and software for all clients  ? Trained end users on POS technology for more than 100 clients Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Hardware Engineering Azad University - Tehran, IR August 1992 to September 1996 Skills ACTIVE DIRECTORY, CISCO, CITRIX, VMWARE, VPN Additional Information Skills  • Analytical and troubleshooting skills (Certificate A+)  • Hospitality/Retail solutions: (NCR, MICROS) POS, KDS, IPad POS / Handhelds, Remote /Thermal printers, Aloha, Oracle Xstore  and Restaurant Manager.  • Operator Systems: Windows 7, 8, 10, migration MDT & USMT, Windows Server 2008/2012, Mac all OS, Linux  • Hardware troubleshoots: Hands on experience in installing, troubleshooting and fixing Desktops, Servers, and Printers, Laptops  (Lenovo, Apple, HP, Dell, and SUN) and other computer peripherals hardware problems as well as desktop applications.  • Phone and Video conferencing: Working knowledge with voice and video conferencing solutions VoIP, Zoom  • Ticketing Systems: JIRA service desk  • Software: MS Office Suite, Microsoft 365 Personal, Active Directory, Enterprise G-suit, JAMF, Adobe Suites,  • Virtualization: XenDesktop, XenApp, VDI system, VMware, Citrix  • Network: Cisco switches/routers, VPN, SSL, VNC, WAN, LAN