Senior Business Analyst Senior Business Analyst IT Project Manager/Business Analyst Somerset, NJ Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior Business Analyst IBM - Bridgewater, NJ December 2017 to December 2018 for MetLife Account  ? Defined requirements and technical user stories in collaboration with other product owners, system engineers, program managers, developers, testers, and customers; translated findings into development software specifications  ? Active participant in regular team meetings focused on sprint planning, sprint review, backlog grooming, and retrospectives to track and resolve issues to keep sprints moving  ? Understood the client's strategic direction and applied it to project team specific outcomes  ? Tracked, evaluated, and reported the progress toward achieving the objectives  ? Delivered against software technology roadmaps and value streams on time and within budget  ? Developed specific plans to mitigate and address concerns  ? Created a user guide for the Actuarial business team Senior Project Manager/ IT Project Manager ATOS - Hightstown, NJ May 2015 to October 2017 for McGraw Hill Education Account  ? Oversaw delivery of application/web infrastructure environments to support business applications  ? Successfully implemented 25+ projects within diverse environments and in collaboration with multiple vendors, contractors and technology disciplines  ? Achieved project milestones through regular cross-functional project meetings to review schedule, status, and issues  ? Managed internal and external client expectations and relationships, ensuring client needs and deliverables were in accordance with project schedule and requirements  ? Directed the mainframe migration from McGraw-Hill Education to ATOS-hosted IBM mainframe infrastructure consisting of equipment, operating system, transaction processing, database and timesharing software  ? Managed the shutdown of the Monterey Data Center on time and within budget IT Project Manager, PMP Allscripts - Mountain Lakes, NJ August 2011 to August 2014 Supported $500 million, 10-year agreement to develop and maintain hosted IT services for healthcare providers using Allscripts' Sunrise Enterprise suite for Electronic Healthcare Records management  ? Managed the successful implementation of EHR projects comprised of hardware delivery, systems configuration and system integration  ? Monitored activities related to data center migration and software implementation for hosted client hospital  ? Partnered with technical architects and engineers to deliver hosted infrastructure supporting EHR solutions  ? Collaborated with third party vendors to integrate applications into EHR software Project Manager, PMP Merrill Lynch - Pennington, NJ August 2010 to July 2011 Project Managed critical mission application accountable for creating and managing over 10 million pieces of yearly correspondences for Merrill Lynch and Bank of America customers  ? Migrated bank application to Merrill Lynch platform to ensure compliance with Bank of America technology standards  ? Effectively assisted with directing both internal and external resources to achieve business solutions within project guidelines  ? Participated in the budgeting and forecasting of resource allocation    Somerset, NJ tfaniel@comcast.net 732-563-0801    Weight Watchers Int., New York, NY March 2010 - June 2010  Project Manager, PMP  ? Oversaw end-to-end project management for the Weight Watchers ERP Linux platform upgrade  ? Directed the release and deployment activities for projects spanning multiple functional departments ( IT and Business)  ? Developed integrated work plans, schedules, project estimates, resource plans, budgets and status reports  ? Participated in the budgeting and forecasting of resource allocation  ? Managed the day-to-day operational and tactical aspects of the Decision Support System (DSS) to ensure executives attained accurate information to make sound decisions in a dynamic environment Business Analyst- Project Manager, PMP/Technical Project Manager, PMP McGraw Hill - New York, NY July 2008 to February 2010 Provided leadership, project management and client management in support of newly designed website that would effectively articulate the company's brand position and enhance the corporate reputation within the investment community  ? Liaison between the users and external teams involved in developing the website to bridge understanding between Business and IT processes  ? Analyzed business requirements for redesigning and enhancing the existing McGraw-Hill website on behalf of the Corporate Affairs team  ? Created and executed project work plans and revised as appropriate to meet changing needs and requirements  ? Developed workflow scenarios, designed new process flows  ? Documented business processes, scenarios and activities for the new corporate website  ? Collaborated with project teams and interfaced with business clients to produce technical specifications based on the requirements  ? Provided project management, oversight and leadership for data center migrations for Standard and Poor's, resulting in the successful delivery of over 200 servers and business applications in the new data center  ? Effectively integrated knowledge of network and systems infrastructure with project management methodologies to support data center migration  ? Managed dedicated vendor project lead on project management activities for application and hardware migrations  ? Responsible for release and implementation activities that involved multiple functional departments ( IT and Business) Project Manager/Six Sigma Black Belt Merrill Lynch - Pennington, NJ June 1998 to June 2008 Business Analyst/ Project Manager  ? Oversaw all phases of software development lifecycle for Wealth Management division, enabling 15K financial advisors in 700 global offices to leverage technology to construct, track and advise client's investment portfolios  ? Managed employees and vendors responsible for coding, testing and production implementation of client profile system  ? Directed team of technical professionals tasked with identifying problems and providing solutions that reduced offshore developers' response time on critical applications; achieved 75% reduction in application response time and increased productivity for 50 developers  ? Led migration of document repository to new system facilitating more effective information sharing; provided comprehensive content management and shared business processes for over 1M files and 3000 users  ? Supervised reengineering projects using DMAIC and Lean methodologies resulting in improved process design and increased client satisfaction  ? Coordinated all aspects of project risk management including risk planning, identification and response planning for the decommissioning of projects  ? Conducted classroom training in Six Sigma methodology including formal presentations and group exercises  ? Built and fostered successful client relationships with Business Edge and Deloitte, ensuring all business needs were met Education Bachelor of Arts degree Rutgers University - New Brunswick, NJ Skills Business analysis, Risk management, Process improvement, Integration, Process engineering, Team building, Service Now (8 years), Remedy (10+ years) Additional Information Core Competencies  Project Management  Product Owner in Agile Project  Team Building & Management  Infrastructure Projects  Business Analysis  Organizational Leadership  Computer Systems Implementation  Business Process Engineering  Process Improvement  Project Integration  Risk Management & Compliance  Negotiations