Sr. Project Manager Sr. <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Sr. Project Manager Houston, TX Seeking Agile Project Manager position to lead, organize and motivate Project teams to deliver high quality performance projects. Eager to work in a fast pace environment that will enable my expertise to coach functional teams, manage stakeholder engagements and deliver projects that continually provide value to customers. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr. Project Manager Universal Weather and Aviation May 2014 to August 2019 Responsible for the delivery of the Corporate Financial Solution (CFS) migrating from an Oracle 11i financial system to Microsoft Dynamics AX 2012. Successfully implemented the North American and European entity of the project phase.  ? Facilitated and collaborated user story workshops with Product Owners and cross functional teams to develop project vision and prioritized product backlog  ? Effectively managed multiple vendors, managed SOWs, reconciled invoices against budget plans and reviewed design and technical documents from vendors  ? Provided senior management with project status and accurate data for clear understanding of deliverables and timelines for the project  ? Conducted Release planning, daily standup meetings, retrospective meetings and Agile Coaching when needed  ? Successfully implemented the integration of the Sales Tax Office (Wolters Kluwer application) to Dynamics AX 2012 for US, Canada and 18 European countries  ? Coordinated risk management meetings with cross functional teams to identify dependencies and risks and then drafted and communicated risk management plans to senior management Agile Project Manager Hewlett Packard Company April 2013 to April 2014 Delivered a New Quote to Cash Platform which was a HP Strategic initiative that streamlined Quote to Cash process across all HP software products and services. Lead the scrum teams to design SAP system, responsive to the needs of all the business units. A phased approach was followed for the integration of target systems and implementation of Next Generation Order Management (NGOM) system.  ? Devised and prepared concise and effective User Stories determined precise and accurate User Story acceptance criteria.  ? Used Scrum methodology for managing the Quote to Cash (SAP Instance) project  ? Worked as a User/Customer advocate and negotiated with users, developers and management staff to resolve any conflicts  ? Conducted routine architecture walkthroughs for onboarding new resources and stakeholders  ? Closely worked with product owners and facilitated grooming sessions for prioritizing the product backlog.  ? Worked with business and scrum teams for designing a new customer UI/UX  ? As the Scrum Master, worked with project team to reach maximum velocity, averaging five story points/day to fifteen story points/day IT Project Manager IBC Bank February 2009 to March 2013 Managed a fully integrated suite of banking applications and features that supported the bank's automation requirements. Also successfully implemented and delivered a new Horizon software product that benefited the Sales Associates in their day to day operational job.  ? Planned project timelines, prepared budgets and managed resources  ? Collaborated with stakeholders to identify and map detailed current processes, identify gaps and failure points.  ? Collaborated with product owner and scrum team for creating product backlog and sprint backlogs that supported overall strategy, goals and objectives of the project.  ? Facilitated multiple Sprints, conducted daily stand up meetings and retrospect's at the end of each sprint  ? Functioned as an Agile consultant, for continuous improvement throughout the project life cycle  ? Created sprint burndown charts and communicated the project status to stakeholders and senior management  ? Managed team's openness to changes during project execution and worked with product owners for documenting "done criteria"  ? Managed risks by identifying risks and creating risk mitigation plans IT Lead / Sr. Business Analyst Mobile Solutions February 2008 to January 2009 Implemented the transition of existing POS system called IMS (Inventory Management System) to a new Windows based system called Retail Management. Once Retail Management was launched successfully, implemented subsequent project, for additional enhancements, named Retail Management CI.  ? Functioned as a liaison between several groups within the business and technology to meet project deadlines and objectives with success.  ? Worked on multiple stages of a project life cycle from formulating and defining system scope; analyzing existing system logic and operation; gap analysis and developing recommendations for procedures to solve end user problems.  ? As a work stream lead owned the solution documents for designing the new system  ? Defined use cases/user stories/test cases for E2E business process  ? Identified internal/external application dependencies & available re-usable data  ? Worked closely with QA team to complete SIT and conducted UAT sessions with business    Past Experience Business Analyst Reliance Standard Life Insurance June 2006 to January 2008 Business System Analyst Coastal Financing Pvt. Ltd May 2004 to March 2006 Application Analyst Ontario Lottery and Gaming Corporation March 2003 to January 2004 Education Certification Kingston College - Houston, TX Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Science Madras University - Chennai, Tamil Nadu Skills Dynamics AX 2012, Oracle, MS Project, SAP, Change management, Ms office, Coaching, Mentoring, Estimation, Leadership skills, Team building, Scrum, Agile Scrum, Jira, Scrum Master Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/marypudota Certifications/Licenses Scrum Master Certified February 2016 to Present Scrum Study, VMedu, Inc.  Credential # 92491 Scrum Product Owner Certified(SPOC) March 2016 to Present Scrum Study, VMedu, Inc.  Credential # 95709 Agile Expert Certified September 2016 to Present Scrum Study, VMedu, Inc.  Credential # 551357 Additional Information Technical Skills  • JIRA  • Confluence  • Trello  • ALM  • Target process  • Agile Backlog Management  • MS Project   • MS Visio  • MS Office  • SAP   • Dynamics AX 2012  • Oracle  • HTML and CSS Content  • Google Analytics  Leadership Skills  • Critical thinking  • Excellent communication  • Team building  • Inspire a Shared Vision  • Change Management  • Conflict resolution techniques  • Mentoring  Agile Project Management Skills  • Servant Leadership Style  • Agile Coaching, Scrum Master  • Extreme Programming  • Kanban/Lean Development  • Estimation Methods  • Release Planning  • Burndown charts