Program Manager Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> Program Manager - Turner Development LLC Washington, DC Work Experience Program Manager Turner Development LLC - Washington, DC February 2016 to Present • Provides leadership, guidance, and direction to staff members on all aspects of construction activities.  • Manages the quality and timeliness of construction projects.  • Responsible for ensuring project status, schedules, and measures of success for assigned projects within clients. Program Manager Enterprise Resource Performance /ERPi - Fairfax, VA October 2014 to February 2016 • Defined, developed and implemented test metrics to monitor the test organization effectiveness and individual/vendor performance  • Serves as Senior Program Manager in the Self Service and Agent Assisted Branches of the Veterans Relationship Program Office (VRM PMO), which includes responsibility for providing operational oversight on management of VRM's testing efforts.  • Develops infrastructure related processes, and mandates covering service areas that include, but are not limited to, customer implementation and support, emergency procedures, and troubleshooting.  • Provides leadership, guidance, and direction to 15 staff members on all aspects of AGILE activities.  • Manages the quality and timeliness of testing support for VRM projects and coordinates assigned projects with other VRM teams involved as needed.  • Responsible for ensuring VRM Management is aware of project status, schedules, and measures of success for assigned projects within Agent Assisted and Self Service. Technical Project Manager Electronic Consulting Services/ECS - Fairfax, VA January 2013 to October 2014 January 2013- October 2014  • Responsible for creating deliverables for support of the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) Application Development Projects including release planning, resource forecasting & planning, testing, schedule management and supervision of project resources.  • Duties include coordinating schedules and assignments of duties to project team members, monitoring and controlling I/T projects to maintain scope, timeline, quality, and cost through the use of management technologies, tools and processes.  • Communicate with the Branch Managers, Project Managers and technical staff including contractor staff for division-level reporting in writing and orally.  • Responsible for the development of project requirements, resources allocation and project initiatives to determine success of designated projects.  • Proactively identify and resolve time-sensitive project issues, interdependencies, and conflicts.  • Enforce work standards and review/resolve work discrepancies to ensure compliance with contract requirements.  • Provide oversight and guidance to teams in carrying out management priorities.  • Create and deliver regular reports on project status, including schedules, resource plans and budgets in order to keep management and key stakeholders well informed on project progress, status and/or concerns. Project Manager FEMA - Crystal City, VA August 2010 to December 2012 • Developed and implemented FEMA Logistics Supply Chain Management System Full Software solution.  • Managed the project with 15+ internal resources from various consulting firms to implement the FEMA Disaster Recovery.  • Provided vendor management and oversight to ensure all customer requirements were met and all stakeholders were kept abreast of the project status.  • Managed the master project schedule and assignment of duties to project team members and ensured assignments were completed as directed.  • Provided direction to the PMO Team and monitored the progress of all Software Engineering Lifecycle (SELC) deliverables.  • Managed the day-to-day priorities and information flow with external development vendors.  • Worked with external customer service vendor to identify, prioritize and track development work.  • Provided test planning and administration for system integration and full end-to-end testing of Supply Change System.  • Identified and mitigated risks to deliver timely and informative updates to all Stakeholders including Third Party, Management, and cross-functional teams.  • Managed change management process and metrics.  • Provided direction to the PMO Team and monitored progress of all Software Engineering Lifecycle (SELC) deliverables. Test Manager Department of Homeland Security - Crystal City, VA July 2008 to July 2010 • Developed deliverables for Department of Homeland Security's Software Engineering Lifecycle (SELC) such as test strategy, test plans, defect reports and issues logs.  • Responsible for the review of business requirements and software system designs for testability, which ranged from commercial off the shelf products and software development to support Homeland Security.  • Managed all phases of testing within the various development projects.  • Coordinated meetings with the Business Unit and Stakeholders to review and clarify customer requirements, and to facilitate User Acceptance Testing.  • Documented business rules for both technical and end-user understanding for each application and provided recommendations on best practices.  • Analyzed complex functional requirements to develop into test cases and test strategies utilizing knowledge of the functional applications.  • Analyzed performance data and defects and provided management reports on the effectiveness of the quality assurance systems and risk assessments.  • Managed a repository of methodology documents such as test plans, help documents, deployment spreadsheets, defects, issues, review findings, and continuous improvement opportunities. Test Manager CareFirst - Washington, DC November 2006 to July 2008 • Developed overall test strategy and conducted overall project peer reviews of plans, procedures, and scripts for the test team.  • Created and maintained the master project schedule and funding for all 7 testing resources.  • Mentored and trained subordinating staff.  • Provided overall testing coordination of all components of the project while maintaining CMMI levels efforts on testing.  • Developed and monitored project schedules to ensure the timely completion of projects and deployment release activities. Lead QA Analyst Discovery Communications - Silver Spring, MD November 2004 to November 2006 • Troubleshoot, analyzed and resolved production issues for Discovery's leading Media Online Content Management System  • Led the testing effort for development projects on the enhancements of capabilities for Discovery's Digital Document Management solution.  • Coordinated all phases of software configuration and deployment process including design, development, QA, user acceptance testing, deployment and post-production support.  • Provided project oversight and communicated the status to project team members, customers, and management.  • Facilitated status meetings for production issues and small enhancements requests with the development team.  • Defined and documented business requirements and detailed functional specifications.  • Developed test plans, created test cases/scripts, executed testing, and generated progress reports during system test and user acceptance testing. IT Consultant / Developer / Tester IBM Global Services - Gaithersburg, MD April 1998 to November 2004 • Followed the Rational Unified Process for software architecture design, development and testing.  • Translated requirements, use cases & object models into test plans & test cases.  • Designed and developed web site for Leading IBM Intranet Division.  • Produce test plans for simulating live activities for web applications.  • Documented all changes and results based on SEI (Software Engineering Institute) standards.  • Defined scope, goals, regression test policies, and outlined contents for each deliverable.  • Conducted unit, component (integration), product, and system testing. Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Information Systems Southern University - Baton Rouge, LA May 1998 Skills Exchange, Rup, Sharepoint, Itil, Rational, Sdlc, Microsoft project, Active directory, Aix, Unix, Microsoft windows, Windows 8, Microsoft windows 8, Microsoft exchange, Mac, Mac os Additional Information A resourceful and dynamic professional with 20 years experience in understanding complex project objectives, building and managing construction team resources to deliver project deliverables, establish project momentum throughout all stakeholder tiers including sub-contractors, engineers, subject matter experts as well as management in both business and/or operations. Relies on extensive construction development experience to quickly assimilate new information technologies within project scope, and organizational culture to build rapport needed to deliver successfully within the organization.    Computer/Software Skills  Software: Microsoft Project, SharePoint, Microsoft Hyper V, Active Directory, Microsoft Exchange, Remote Delivery Services, Rational Suite, HP Quality Center, Segue Software, and Rational Test Suite  Platforms: Microsoft Windows 8, XP, 2000, Mac OS X, UNIX, and AIX  Project Management/Methodologies: ITIL, RUP, Agile, and SDLC