Sr. Oracle DBA/ IT Project Manager Sr. Oracle DBA/<span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager Memphis, TN Hands-on IT Project Manager with over 5 years of experience in project management working collaboratively with project sponsors, tiers of leadership and project team to plan, execute, monitor and complete enterprise projects in support of the organization's goals and objectives.    CORE SKILLS SET  Project Management: Value-Added Leadership: Project Life Cycle:  Enterprise Project Management Excellent Communication Skills Project Completion  Create Project Management Plan Provide Training Waterfall & Agile PLC  Human & Material Resource Management Stakeholder & Vendor Relationships Organizational Governance  Performance Metrics Problem-solver & Active Listener Identify Trends Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr. Oracle DBA/ IT Project Manager FedEx Services - Collierville, TN July 2017 to September 2017 • Promoted business case to automate database application user creation and defined project scope.  • Planned and scheduled deliverables for automated application user creation.  • Prioritized project activities and schedule configuration releases.  • Executed planned configuration changes as well as change and release management change requests.  • Led implementation of GG DDL active/passive replication as well as validated new configuration.  • Provided written and verbal communication of project deliverables. Sr. Oracle DBA/ IT Project Manager U.S. Postal Service - Memphis, TN September 2013 to February 2016 • Identified key stakeholders to understand business case along with benefits management plan.  • Identify legacy database applications for re-engineering.   • Interviewed stakeholders to collect requirements, risks and expectations and created project scope and deliverables for migration of applications.  • Provided project success criteria, measurable objectives, identified constraints and set milestones dates.  • Prioritized requirements and listed activities with the planning team while estimating resource requirements.  • Established roles and responsibilities for projects and developed schedule.   • Planned risk responses and facilitated communications and execution of change requests.  • Communicated and presented technical information and data flow diagrams.  • Gathered work performance data and verified work completion provided project progress reports.   • Facilitated meetings with key stakeholders, SMEs and project team members for risk assessment.   • Executed project sprints along with distribution of projects progress.  • Led local Postal Service compliance upgrade initiative to Enterprise Oracle 12 and trained team members.  • Monitored performance and resource use against planned baselines while performing quality checks.  • Finalized all project planned activities, facilitated customer acceptance and archived lessons learned.  • Managed project vendor relationships.   • Recommended training and conducted performance reviews. Sr. Oracle DBA/ IT Project Manager Accredo/ESI - Memphis, TN November 2011 to March 2013 • Delivered high level recommendations to executives for strategies to improve efficiency and quality of RxHome health care services on-line application.  • Identified RxHome healthcare application dependencies.  • Organized project team and established appropriate decision-making processes.  • Liaison between RxHome healthcare support team, project team and IT.  • Created schedule and prioritized requirements for RxHome healthcare application.  • Provided expert consultation for the healthcare applications and best practices for database platform migrations.  • Led implementation of planned project performance enhancements of RxHome healthcare application increasing throughput by 40%.  • Oversaw project activity executions and recorded performance data while remediating project issues.  • Made project scheduling adjustments, trained and coached team members.  • Communicated project progress and managed expectations.  • Received final acceptance of completed projects. Sr. SAN Admin/ IT Project Manager Baptist Memorial Health Care - Memphis, TN February 2010 to August 2010 • Met with cross-functional leads and identified project scope on healthcare applications.  • Facilitated bi-monthly meeting with key stakeholders and project team.   • Created change requests for multiple concurrent projects to the change management board.  • Acquired physical resources to migrate storage healthcare data to new storage array.  • Worked with cross-functional team to plan and develop project schedule and managed resources.  • Monitored project activities to completions while performing planned quality checks on deliverables.  • Performed scope validation and updated closing project documents. Education Bachelor's in Computer Science University of Southern Mississippi - Hattiesburg, MS 1992 Skills PMP (7 years), PM (10+ years), SDLC (10+ years), Waterfall (10+ years), Project Management (10+ years), Communications (10+ years), Agile (10+ years), Communications (10+ years), Resource Management (10+ years), Vendor Relationships (10+ years), Microsoft Office Professional (10+ years), Performance Improvement (10+ years), Information Technology (10+ years), ServiceNow (3 years), Remedy (10+ years) Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/valenta-petty-375141152 Certifications/Licenses Six Sigma Green Belt February 2019 to February 2022