Senior IT Technical Business Analyst Senior <span class="hl">IT</span> Technical Business Analyst Senior IT Technical Business Analyst Ingleside, IL Work Experience Senior IT Technical Business Analyst Aon - Lincolnshire, IL February 2017 to July 2019 Support innovation in business unit by serving as the liaison between the Radford business stakeholders, project team, and developers. Radford Network provides compensation benchmarking and data analysis tools for the technology and life sciences industries.  • Collaborate with stakeholders to gather, document, and prioritize functional, non-functional, and technical requirements for new product development, which facilitates decommission of legacy applications, new revenue streams, and value-added client features.  • Generate documentation, including process flows, data flow diagrams, requirements' documents, presentations, and solution mockups to be consumed by stakeholders, management, developers, and quality assurance colleagues.  • Lead discussions with stakeholders to understand how solutions will impact current processes for the business and clients and brainstorm how to effectively manage change.  • Supported global teams by communicating requirements details to software developers, project managers, and quality assurance colleagues.  • Performed cost/benefit analysis to determine financial and scheduling impacts of proposed solutions.  • Championed change within the team due to partner augmentation.  • Planned feature development using Agile/Scrum delivery methodologies.  • Facilitated meetings and solutions to decommission tools to save the business $2M annually.  • Performed duties of Scrum Master and Business Analyst of non-collated team. Project Manager / Business Analyst / Project Coordinator Cummins, Inc - Columbus, IN June 2012 to November 2016 Proactively supported engineering/manufacturing related applications, from software pilots to final product distribution. Managed projects from concept to final deployment, providing direction and solutions for enhancements, tool replacement, and new development using Agile/Scrum and ITPM Waterfall methodologies, Microsoft Project, Jira, and IBM Rational toolsets.  • Partnered with current and new vendors for negotiating contracts, scope of work, and coordinating all project phases.  • Managed projects in both Agile/Scrum, and Waterfall methodologies - acted as Scrum Master, Business Analyst, and Product Owner on Agile/Scrum projects - acted as Project Manager and Business Analyst on Waterfall projects.  • Created development plans using Scrum and waterfall methodologies, created and updated Sprints, including progress reporting for development, management, and stakeholders, and facilitated stand up meeting.  • Created and maintained templates for requirement gathering, traceability matrixes, and assisted with training peers on when and how to use templates.  • Collaborated with customers and stakeholders from global, cross-functional teams to gather, document, and prioritize functional and technical requirements for current product changes and new product development, creating process flows, data flow diagrams, and test cases.  • Managed all aspects of projects, including project meetings, risk/issue management/resolution, created and presented progress reports, managed budget, created the project plans and schedules, created user stories, managed test cases, assigned resources, and managed task allocations.  • Controlled project budgets of $25K to $500K, developing the scope and schedule for each project.  • Generated and presented project reports and updates to senior management, customers, and end users.  • Created reporting models, custom reports, and sites using Visual Studio and SharePoint, reducing report time labor costs by $20K for one department and lowering business unit cross charges by $1.2M annually.  • Led global developers with production support and fulfilling new development requests to ensure complete understanding of requests to ensure customer satisfaction.  • Created and monitored communication of information on software updates to end-users.  • Onboarded new team members, assisting with acclimating to culture, surroundings, and general expectations.  • Guided new staff in creating effective work plans.  • Interviewed potential employees and contractors, assessing talents and skill sets for best-fit role within the team and projects. Operations Manager Midwest Computer Solutions - Columbus, IN August 2008 to July 2011 Served as a key partner for businesses of varying types, determining and implementing product purchases per budgetary and technical needs. Managed project scopes, timelines, and budgets for hardware and software implementation projects.  • Created project schedules and oversaw on-site operations, monitoring in-shop service, repairs, and new builds.  • Provided IT and server support via on-site, telephone, and remote desktop.  • Increased sales of services, laptops, computers, servers, and networking/computer components and peripherals from $364K to $1M in two years.  • Performed and managed all facets of accounting and financial functions, including A/R, A/P, cash flow reporting, account reconciliation, and P&L to ensure company's profitability and integrity of data.  • Projected income and expenses based on trends for upcoming year.  • Interviewed and hired new team members; organized and ensured daily staffing allocation; counseled staff to resolve issues; tracked quarterly bonuses and vacation accrual; and conducted annual reviews.  Service Manager  Oversaw and directed all aspects of field and in-shop services to ensure customer satisfaction. Scheduled residential and commercial break/fix services, prioritizing maintenance requests.  • Managed network and server upgrades and replacements.  • Provided remote desktop and server support to set up, troubleshoot, and repair email, network sharing, printers, backup systems, antivirus applications, and networking devices.  • Performed HR services for team, scheduled vacations, conducted annual reviews, and ensured daily staffing adequacy.    Field Technician  Conducted hardware testing, repairs, and replacement. Performed malware and virus detection scans and removal for business and residential clients in the South-Central Indiana area.  • Set up computers, transferred data, established email services, installed and repaired operating systems, set up users, ensured properly mapped drives, and installed printers.  • Installed, tested, and terminated network cabling.  • Implemented and managed various Windows server operating systems, including DC, AD, DHCP, DNS, Exchange, print and file sharing, logon scripts, group policies, and security groups within AD.  • Built peer-to-peer networks, created end-user instructions. Owner Unsworth & Associates, Inc. / Computer Solutions of Indiana, LLC - Columbus, IN November 2001 to July 2008 Opened business to assist and serve residential and small-medium businesses as their IT professional and partner. Identified and implemented hardware and software solutions based on critical business and budget needs, including laptops, desktops, servers, and networking equipment. Built business and sold to a competitor.  • Managed all aspects of projects, including scope, timeline, and budget for labor and hardware.  • Developed and executed marketing campaigns, and created advertisements.  • Established business contacts, serving as partners, through business networking.  • Supervised and directed vendors and employees, defining and coordinating project and daily work requirements.  • Performed all accounting functions, AP/AR, account reconciliation, payroll, business taxes, forecasting, and budgeting. Education Master's in Business Administration - IT Management Western Governors University January 2018 Bachelor's in Business Administration - IT Management Western Governors University May 2014 Skills BUSINESS MANAGEMENT (10+ years), DATA MODELING, SDLC, CHANGE MANAGEMENT, BUDGETING, FORECASTING, SIX SIGMA (3 years), USER ACCEPTANCE, ACCEPTANCE TESTING, USER ACCEPTANCE TESTING, TRAINING, PROCESS IMPROVEMENT (10+ years), HR, Microsoft Office (10+ years), Agile (5 years), Scrum (5 years), Data Analysis (8 years), Project Management (10+ years), Cross-Functional Team Leadership (5 years) Certifications/Licenses CompTIA Project+ January 2017 to Present