Sr. PMO IT Infrastructure Project Manager Sr. PMO <span class="hl">IT</span> Infrastructure <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Sr. PMO IT Infrastructure Project Manager - Cable & Wireless Communications Hialeah, FL Project Manager with over than 20 years of subject matter expert (SME) skills in Information Technology ( IT), Infrastructure, Database, Telecom and Information Systems (IS) skills with a passion for Management and Technology. Work Experience Sr. PMO IT Infrastructure Project Manager Cable & Wireless Communications - Sunrise, FL June 2019 to Present • Responsible for an IT user environment (15,000+ users). SME in implementing and supporting enterprise solutions to complex technology projects involving data center consolidation with facilities including warehouse, Help Desk Centers, network infrastructure, Open DNS, Privilege Access Management (PAM), Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA), Security information and event management (SIEM), Bit locker, IT systems security, server and storage platforms, telephony systems, enterprise architecture, desktop, and mobile technologies. Experience in infrastructure planning, network and server design and delivery including MDM, WAP, Wi-Fi, AP, CCTV, VOIP, phones, cabling and switches for multiple facilities.  • Mentor District staff in Agile methodology and encourage best practice in project management and project planning. Responsible for the successful planning, execution, monitoring, control and closure of a project. Dealing and handling successfully numerous obstacles that included; resourcing, time, budget and scope creep.  • Handle all internal project program management activities within the whole enterprise globally. This includes Information Systems/ Information Technology /Telecom / Security within CWC. Internationally support all CWC Enterprise countries to follow up on infrastructure projects and coordinated trainings to technicians and/or users.  • Initiating, planning, executing, monitoring and controlling, and closing multiple $500K+ projects successfully globally within the CWC which encompass all internal infrastructure, databases, information technology telecommunications and information systems  • Auditing, validating and constantly monitoring to report on Schedule Performance Index and Cost performance Index progress of these projects and keeping all stakeholders updated as needed  • Managing virtual teams with many resources through whole lifecycle of all internal infrastructure projects, products design, development, training and implementation.  • Subject matter expert in MS Office suite including MS Project to support project budget estimation and forecasting. Experience with presenting project requests for approvals and project status to key stakeholders  • All the infrastructure IT/Telecom portfolio projects I manage contain a detail Project Budget that included Disaster recovery planning (DRP) and was an integral part of the of business continuity planning (BCP) for the all facilities. Identified the internal customer's requirements regarding regulatory and other legal responsibilities. Confirm with senior management and document any strategies and policies they had established to minimize downtime, financial losses, and liabilities to support continuity of critical business functions. Provided a workable DRP that met the objectives and integrated it into the BCP. The DRP addressed all the key elements of the site size and type of Recovery Program required. Sr. IT Infrastructure Project Manager UPS - Miami, FL August 1998 to October 2018 • Responsible for an IT user environment (13,000+ users). SME in implementing and supporting enterprise solutions to complex technology projects involving data center consolidation with facilities including warehouse, Help Desk Centers, network infrastructure, IT systems security, server and storage platforms, telephony systems, enterprise architecture, desktop, and mobile technologies. Experience in infrastructure planning, network and server design and delivery including WAP, Wi-Fi, AP, CCTV, VOIP, phones, cabling and switches for multiple facilities such as warehouse; knowledge of related technologies, devices/components, and vendors.  • Mentored District staff in Agile methodology and encouraged best practice in project management and project planning. Responsible for the successful planning, execution, monitoring, control and closure of a project. Dealt and handled successfully numerous obstacles that included; resourcing, time, budget and scope creep.  • Managed virtual teams with many resources through whole lifecycle of all infrastructure projects, products design, development, training and implementation. Motivate and drive for results that promote team collaboration and a positive "can do" attitude. Successfully managed multiple $500K+ projects within UPS throughout the entire Americas Region which encompassed infrastructure, database, information technology and information systems. Experience in infrastructure planning, network and server design and delivery including WAP, Wi-Fi, AP, CCTV, phones, cabling and switches; knowledge of related technologies, devices/components, and vendors.  • Handled project portfolio management activities within the LATAM Information Systems/ Information Technology /Telecom within the Americas Region. Internationally traveled and supported all Latin American UPS countries to follow up on vendors, infrastructure projects and provided or coordinated trainings to technicians and/or users.  • Responsible for all internal customer automation projects of manual tasks within various departments. This is including the distribution personalized secured reports, compensation memos design and dashboards that are relevant to each specific user's access. Developed and tested the new inventory system that was integrated into the IT Project Management system using VBA and SQL database to manipulate and store the data of certain tasks or reports. This new system integrated Finance, Accounting, Purchasing and IT project database sources into one detail source database.  • Managed and implemented a new Enterprise Resource Planning System (ERP) within the UPS Americas Region to be distributed. Using service-oriented architecture (SOA) to address the problem of enterprise-level shared services like Human Recourses, Marketing, Enterprise Email profiles and Sales applications information into one centrally shared enterprise service where every application shared the same processing logic associated with updating a sales person information and sales figures automatically. The second phase was for it to be used within entire Enterprise of UPS globally. This was created for the UPS Americas Sales team and it dealt with integrating various corporate databases into one system. Mainly using agile methods to develop and implement from scratch. Then sunset from MS Access to a web platform which was then implemented globally within UPS. Interfaced with project stakeholders to understand system requirements and business process flows. At the same time was the IT Lead in the project development and progress. Utilize a technical background to lead definition of project scope, document use cases, business requirements and user stories to deliver strategic plans to the team. Lead team in Bi-Weekly Sprints, held daily Scrum meetings to ensure product owner drives product road map, prioritizes user stories, reviews product demo and testing results prior to sprint releases or retrospective meetings. Facilitate retrospectives meetings to ensure continuous improvements to the delivery process. Assigned action items to mitigate detected risks to the project timeline. This new system needed to assimilate via VBA all the sales planning and performance functions into a single cross functional platform within a year. Overall the system integrated internal Project/Tasks Management, Audits, Sales Executive Configurations requirements, Sales Compensation Memos and Sales Force Payouts. With the implementation of this new ERP system, we saved the department approximately $75,000 in manual administrative labor hours yearly. It also provided the entire Americas Sales team within the region with an automated and more cost-effective way to report and distribute the information. Prior to this no one had full visibility and it was all done manually for all sales resources.  • All the infrastructure IT/Telecom portfolio projects I managed contained detail Project Budget that included Disaster recovery planning (DRP) and was an integral part of the of business continuity planning (BCP) for the warehouse facilities. Identified the internal customer's requirements regarding regulatory and other legal responsibilities. Confirm with senior management and document any strategies and policies they had established to minimize downtime, financial losses, and liabilities to support continuity of critical business functions. Provided a workable DRP that met the objectives and integrated it into the BCP. The DRP addressed all the key elements of the site size and type of Recovery Program required.  • Examples of the infrastructure IT/Telecom portfolio projects data center consolidation and Disaster recovery planning are like for a large facility, warehouses with items such as barcodes and wireless carts. UPS Air Cargo facility in Miami, had automatic power backup supply within the Telecom Data Center / Server room that could provide 15 hours of back-up and the facility itself had a gas-powered generator that could stay online for 12 hours with one full tank in essence as long as the tank was refilled it would not go offline. Hot and Cold isle to ensure the temperatures of the equipment within the data center were in optimum. Automatic backup of all servers within the facility in Miami FL over the WAN to Mahwah NJ. Responsible for consolidation and acquisition. Hot back-up of routers and switches within the data center to ensure minimal downtime of 99.999%. While a small counter center in Aruba only had a small battery backup that would last 15 minutes and had a DSL VPN back-up for the CIR and no servers within the site.  • Experience in working with large datasets and integrating into one main data. Proficient Knowledge of VBA, SQL and many other database software. Proficient Skills in data manipulation, management, linkage, and analysis. Knowledge of data validation and cleaning  • SME in MS Office suite including MS Project to support project budget estimation and forecasting. Experience with presenting project requests for approvals and project status to key stakeholders  • Ability to conduct quality control and assurance of own and other programs and analyses.  • Initiating, planning, executing, monitoring and controlling, and closing of multiple $500K+ projects successfully within UPS throughout the entire Americas Region which encompassed infrastructure, database, information technology and information systems  • Audit, validating and constantly monitor to report on progress of these projects and kept all stakeholders updated as needed  • Assigned team roles, responsibilities and managed work breakdown schedule of 2365 personnel throughout the Americas Region to both local, virtual teams and at the same time external vendors. At the same time coordinated the training of all personnel to ensure they are up to date on the latest trends in technology or to further their management skills.  • Create project charter and implement project organization and communication plans which enable the project team to effectively work together to meet project objectives.  • Active listening in giving full attention to other people feedback, taking time to understand the points being made.  • Used both Waterfall and Agile methods to successfully meet the assumed schedule, cost, and scope of given project.  • Gather business requirements, write user stories, and ensure that all quality testing events are completed prior to code release and system deployment.  • Responsible for complete project plans for data center, schedules and budgets. Maintain, evaluate and recommended unforeseen expenditures to the stakeholders. At the same time proactively manage and identify where issues may arise within the timeline of the projects. Create and notify stakeholders of any RAID logs (Risk, Action, Issue, Decision, Changes). Efficiently identify and solve project issues as they arise and help the team to remove roadblocks Technology RMA Manager / Intranet System Administrator Info Corp, Arroyo Hondo - DO December 1997 to August 1998 • Managed four employees within my department.  • Responsible for the Return Merchandise Authorization's (RMA)'s both within the Dominica Republic and in the USA.  • Traveled to the U.S. to check on status of all RMA's and meet with management staff within the suppliers.  • Upgraded, maintained and fixed any problems with the servers or any computer within the company.  • Prepared and implanted new plans on collecting RMA data to stream line documentation and testing procedures on our customers returning damaged goods. Education Project + / PMP / Security + in Computer Science Academy of South Florida - Miami, FL January 2019 to Present Computer Science / Minoring St. Thomas University Skills Project development, Data center, Ccna, Cisco, It infrastructure, Router, Voip, Data analysis, Database, Microsoft access, Ms access, Microsoft sql server, Sql server, Oracle, Sql, Sdlc, Use cases, C#, Html, Javascript, Project Management, Waterfall, Information Technology, Software Development, Scrum Master, PMP Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/diego-colon-655204173 Additional Information PROFESSIONAL SKILLS    • Project Management of IT Infrastructure  • Sigma Black Belt Project/Program Management  • Data Center Consolidation  • System Requirements and Configuration Management  • Managing cross functional international project teams  • Software Release Management  • Data Analysis and Customer Database Integration  • Infrastructure Project Development  • Financial & Time Management  • Interpersonal communication  • Conflict Management and Resolution  • Product development and deployment  • Quality assurance processes  • Scrum and Kanban  • Workflow & Use Cases experience  • Process Improvement  • Team-Building & Supervision  • Software Development  • Black Box and White Box Testing  • Agile, RAD, SDLC, Iterative and Waterfall  • Adaptive and Predictive  • Quality Analysis & Control  • Programming - VBA / SQL / HTML / CSS / JavaScript / MS Access  • Customer Automation  • Infrastructure, Technology and Telecommunication Implementations and Support  • Phone Systems, Cisco Router and Switches programming, VOIP  • LAN and WAN network Designs  • MCP in PC's and Servers, Telecom Configurations, Networks and Cabling  • CCNA Networking and Security Trained  • Nortel Symposium Server / AT&T Phone  • Infrastructure Buildouts and configurations  • Languages Spoken and Written  • Proficient: English and Spanish  • Intermediate: Portuguese    TECHNICAL SKILLS    • Proficient in SQL, Microsoft Visual Basic, HTML, CSS, JavaScript and VBA  • Familiar with TCL, C, C#  • Software  • Database: Microsoft SQL Server, Oracle and Microsoft Access  • Platforms: Microsoft Windows® 10, IOS and Microsoft Windows 7