Sr. Project Manager - IT Sr. <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> - <span class="hl">IT</span> Sr. Project Manager Tampa, FL • Over 12 years of experience in the IT Sector: Routing and switching, Data Center, Servers, Systems monitoring, and Disaster Recovery & Backup.  • Over 4 years of experience in the Education industry, managing the IT requirements for the education sector from software/application support to faculty lab setup and designing modern classroom technologies.  • Experience in managing large development organizations on cross functional teams, executing numerous projects and servicing multiple business organizations.  • Established and managed several internal IT projects that require the understanding of project management to create standard operating procedures across the delivery organization, monitor project execution and control, managed IT portfolios and their alignment to strategic business objectives and report to executive management.  • Extensive technical experience acquired through years of hands-on systems development work as an engineer, technical lead and systems architect. In-depth knowledge and understanding of technology, systems architecture and market trends at a level that is required to steer and direct the course of a technology-based organization or effort.  • Experience managing large IT environments, managing complicated portfolios of strategic initiatives, projects/programs, applications, technology, infrastructure and resources. Work Experience Sr. Project Manager - IT SiteReady - Tampa, FL October 2018 to Present • Assuming full responsibility for the overall execution and completion of delivery projects  • Leading the planning and implementation of IT projects  • Facilitating the definition of project scope, goals and deliverables  • Developing and managing full scale project plans, budgets, and resources  • Acting as the focal point of communication between the team members and stakeholders, both client and internal,  • Monitoring and reporting on progress of the project to internal and external stakeholders  • Defining project tasks and resource requirements  • Planning and scheduling project timelines  • Tracking project deliverables using the appropriate tools  • Providing direction and support to project team  • Monitoring and reporting on progress of the project to internal and external stakeholders  • Presenting reports defining project progress, problems and solutions  • Implementing and managing project changes/interventions to achieve desired outcomes  • Daily cadence with stakeholders throughout the project lifecycle to ensure overall success  • Project evaluations and assessment of end results  • Quality assurance Project Manager - IT PODS Enterprise - Clearwater, FL October 2017 to October 2018 • Works with all business areas, corporate functions, IT Leadership and Corporate Leadership and is responsible for successfully managing key project initiatives.  • Promote and evolve Project Management best practices.  • Ensure that projects risks, issues, and decisions are managed and communicated in a timely manner.  • Align and shape organizational and strategic decisions with project goals through the coordination and management of the project portfolio.  • Demonstrates ability to resolve complex issues and exercise strong judgement to manage competing priorities with diplomacy and flexibility while keeping a strong attention to timelines and expected results.  • Develops, formalizes, and promotes best practices for project management to support the IT Project Management Office.  • Directs and manages timely and effective use of resources.  • Leads simultaneous initiatives; coordinates development of cross-functional IT activities, projects, and processes.  • Works with cross-functional stakeholders to manage and lead Project resources.  • Identifies tasks, project dependencies, resources, and communicates expectations.  • Collaborates with peers to ensure understanding of current technology/trends and implement new solutions Service Desk Manager PODS Enterprise - Clearwater, FL February 2017 to October 2017 • Supervising the Service Desk overall performance. This will include daily monitoring of agreed upon service levels, making sure that all customer issues are resolved within satisfaction.  • Scheduling of staff to ensure adequate coverage at all times in order to meet the department service goals; approves requests for time off and manages schedules for coverage of absences and recommends staffing adjustments as necessary  • Supervises the team to ensure Service Levels are achieved or exceeded  • Monitors escalated ticket problems to ensure customer satisfaction  • Monitors customer service calls to ensure customer satisfaction goals are achieved  • Monitoring of customer service response (CSR) calls to make certain proper procedures and policies are followed, ensuring that we provide quality support to our customers.  • Monitoring internal databases to ensure that customer issues are getting resolved in the appropriate time frames.  • Make sure that any issues that cannot be resolved by the CSR are escalated to the appropriate group, and take responsibility for learning what steps needed to be taken in order to resolve the issue, thereby increasing the overall Department's knowledge of troubleshooting.  • Be the communication point for ITC to customers on all Services  • Promote effective organization, communication and professionalism, both within and outside the Customer Support Department.  • Communicate ideas of improvement to Service Desk staff, Escalation Partners and management  • Ensures a positive and professional relationship with the client by complying with client policies and procedures  • Reports the performance level of all team members to CIO  • Communicate any outstanding and/or critical issues, including customer concerns, immediately. Communicate with and address issues from customers requesting to speak with a supervisor.  • Frequent contact with the CIO for coaching, development, goal setting, monitoring of progress and problem-resolution.  • Develops and maintains Service Desk relationships with the customer and Escalation Partner so to ensure an excellent customer service environment and improve Service Level performance. Project IT Field Lead Bechtel Corporation - Tampa, FL February 2016 to November 2016 for Google Fiber  • Develop and direct implementation of IT systems and services in coordination with global business unit requirements.  • Provide comprehensive automation support and coordination to the project and identify and implement technical innovations that add value and improve project work processes.  • Develop and implement the IT portion of the project closeout plan.  • Coordinate and manage implementation activities with peer and partner IS&T teams, project management team, and functional organizations.  • Provide regular communication on responsible activities to project, customer, IS&T, and related stakeholders.  • Develop, maintain, and support the Project IT Plan for the life cycle of the project. Service Desk Manager Masdar Institute Science and Technology - Abu Dhabi, AE October 2009 to May 2015 • Implemented the first ICT service desk for the Institute that service over 1000+ staffs, faculty, students and postdoc.  • Designed and supported audio & visual and video conferencing technology components for classrooms, auditorium, and meeting rooms.  • Designed and supported the virtual labs for faculty research.  • Supported the various academic and research software for faculty.  • Strategically planned and oversaw the project delivery of the IT requirements for Masdar Institute's infrastructure.  • Strategically planned and oversaw the project delivery of the audio & visual implementation for all classrooms, meeting rooms and auditoriums.  • Provided recommendation for student's IT needs for the Institute.  • Managed a team of 10 resources to support day-to-day tactical IT issues and find resolution in a timely manner.  • Worked with business partners to find the best technology for the growth of the Institute. Project Manager Mind Dynamics - Fremont, CA February 2005 to December 2008 • Provided consulting services on IT infrastructure & security, content delivery and web sites / web applications design for dot com startups.  • Managed the delivery of the project base on clients' needs and requirements.  • Managed the cost structure and planning. Software Engineer Cisco Systems - San Jose, CA January 2001 to September 2003 Identified and provided end-to-end IT solution for enterprise customers for Cisco  Key Responsibilities include:  • Identified IT strategic roadmaps for top enterprise customers for Cisco. Enterprise customers are Microsoft, Wells Fargo, IBM and HP.  • Provided the latest features/technologies to the customers and making sure that the features work well in their infrastructure.  • Provided whitepaper on new features for the systems latest Interface Operation Systems.  • Troubleshoot new IOS features so that clients will not be affected when implemented in their environment.  • Tested all new features on routers and switches as a mean of recommendation to the enterprise customers. Business Consultant Compaq Corporation - San Mateo, CA September 1998 to December 2000 Supported and trained the IT team for United States Postal Data Center  Key Responsibilities include:  • Managed routers, servers and backup for the data center.  • Setup and rollout the service desk application of Unicenter TNG to two data centers - San Mateo and Raleigh.  • Provided 24/7 support  • Interacted with business units for new projects that required expertise in technical inputs.  • Rollout network monitoring tools using the combination of Cisco Works 2000 and Unicenter TNG. Senior Systems Engineer LANSystems - San Francisco, CA March 1997 to September 1998 Provided IT implementation services on infrastructure, backend office and desktop deployment for Fortune 500 law firms.  Key Results:  • Rollout document management application for all the offices of the law firm.  • Upgraded all Novell servers to the latest version for all offices.  • Provided documentation and support to end-users  • Managed the project from end-to-end.  • Worked exclusively with client on their IT needs. Education Bachelor of Science in Business University of Minnesota, Curtis L Carlson School of Management Master of Business Administration in Management for e-Business Golden Gate University, Ageno School of Management Skills Outlook, Estimating, budget, Scheduling, maintenance Certifications/Licenses PMP Certification Certified Scrum Master (CSM) ITIL v3 Cisco Certified Network Professional (CCNP) Cisco Certified Network Administrator (CCNA)