PMO Consultant and Portfolio Advisor PMO Consultant and Portfolio Advisor PMO Consultant and Portfolio Advisor - Zimmer Biomet, CNO Financial, Covance Senior IT Leader with over 30 years of experience managing global information technology and teams. Accomplished and diverse leader with extensive experience delivering IT Solutions, PMO Leadership Portfolio Management and Business Relationship Management. I earned a Master's Degree in Business Administration and a B.S. Degree in Management Information Systems and PMP Certification. Work Experience PMO Consultant and Portfolio Advisor Zimmer Biomet, CNO Financial, Covance September 2017 to Present • Provide PMO and Program Management leadership, structuring and resourcing  • Develop strategic roadmaps and strategies across multiple portfolios  • Work closely with executives to develop best practices and portfolio management  • Manage global project team for Regulatory Programs for Clinical Trials  • Oversee full SDLC and project lifecycle  • Coached and mentored project managers and project coordinators  • Developed strategy to utilize project coordinators to improve project delivery  • Effectively managing relationships with Medical Affairs, Global Compliance, and Legal and Business Operations Executive Steering Committee  • Transformed Business Operations and IT CSV shared responsibilities and accountabilities  Environment: Agile, Scrum, MS Project Planview, Innotas Senior Program/ Project Manager Anthem FEP and National Government Services December 2013 to June 2017 • Managed, delivered and closed over 20 large IT health insurance and claims processing programs and teams  ? Projects included:  * Provider and Consumer portal rewrites  * Organization-wide equipment refresh  * Large software upgrade for claims processing  * Server farm refresh initiative  * Oversaw the Federal Employee Program quarterly software and maintenance upgrades  * Championed the organizational change management process  • Implemented Agile project management practice and hybrid Agile/Waterfall methodology  • Developed best practices within the PMO and established process and procedures  Environment: MSPS, MS Project, Agile, Waterfall, MS Office, IBM Rational, APM CIO Cummins Behavioral Health May 2013 to October 2013 • Director of the IT Department and Information Security Officer for a not-for-profit Healthcare organization managing a staff of 5 employees, external vendors and consultants  ? Managed the PMO, enterprise applications, infrastructure, systems architecture, EMR and Meaningful Use (MU) implementation, hosted desktop and application services (cloud computing)  ? Reduced IT and corporate expenses saving over $1M annually in recurring costs  • Executive Liaison to the Board of Directors reporting on all operational performance measures  • Developed a project management methodology and project deliverable templates  • Architected a new IT infrastructure utilizing VMWare and a backup/failover solution  • Reorganized the IT department and trained staff  ? Resulted in improved IT delivery and satisfaction  • Developed strategic vendor partnerships to reduce IT costs and manage all external vendors Senior Project Manager Stanley Security Solutions January 2013 to April 2013 • Worked on the Order to Cash (OTC) Program  ? Engaged Business Executives and Leaders to developing a strategy to convert their systems onto a new SAP application platform  ? Developed Business application architecture and create project budgets, resource needs and scope of work  ? Developed a Project Methodology and Project Templates for Project Teams to utilize in managing projects  ? Created project plans, schedules, budget and gathered requirements Sr. IT Project Manager Liberty Mutual Insurance April 2011 to December 2012 • Responsible for leading a global $63M IT program to implement a new software platform  ? Developed project financials and resource plans that included over 100 cross functional resources  • Oversaw an IT program consisting of several sub- projects to convert multiple legacy systems to a new common platform written in Java  ? Responsible for establishing strategic business plans, budgets and a resource requirement  • Managed a project portfolio over $10M encompassing Web, middleware, and backend systems  ? Developed several PM processes in all phases of the project lifecycle to improve cost and schedule control  • Implemented Rational Team Concert (RTC) and managed the first project in Commercial Insurance  ? Developed several workflows and consulted with other PM's to establish best practices for RTC.  Environment: Rational Team Concert, Clarity, SQL, J2EE, MS Office, Waterfall, Agile Sr. Project Manager IU Health/Clarian Health May 2010 to April 2011 • Managed IT portfolio of projects designing and deploying clinical, medical and hospital applications, infrastructure, and hardware  ? Responsible for developing and managing project plans, resource need, budgets, external engagements and vendor relationships  • Managed go-live support teams for large project implementations at various hospitals and facilities  Environment: Cerner Applications, Cerner, NaviCare WatchChild, MS Project, SQL, MS Office Suite Manager IT Project Solutions/PMO DSS Consulting December 2008 to April 2011 • Managed IT PMO client engagements and project managers  ? Developed RFP's and RFQ's  ? Built project teams  ? Managed the schedule, scope, budget and quality of all projects  • Managed client relationships at the executive level  ? Responsible for identifying and developing new business opportunities  • Oversaw a large-scale initiative for the rewrite of an Eli Lilly Doctor Web Portal  ? Responsible for establishing strategic business plans, budgets and a project management methodology, best practices, templates and tool set  • Managed projects between $100K - $1M  ? Projects included:  * Application development  * Web  * e-Commerce  * Infrastructure and Telephony  * HRIS, ERP and CRM  Environment: MS Project Server, MS Project, SQL, Oracle, MS Office Suite. Senior IT Project Manager RCI July 2008 to October 2008 • Managed a project to automate online payments for memberships and purchases of amenities  ? Developed the WBS, scope, schedule and budget a project to partner with an existing travel website  * Allowed members to purchase hotels, events, rental cars and cruises  • Project was canceled due to size of scope and budget  Environment: Rational Unified Process (RUP), MS Project Server 2007, Clarity, MS Project, Director eBusiness & Consumer Technology Anthem/WellPoint August 2007 to November 2007 • Managed the 4SB insurance products project portfolio  ? Worked with IT to prioritize project needs, develop budgets, track project timelines and budgets  • Managed projects and budgets in Planview  ? Created reports for executive management  ? Worked on FACETS, STARS and BluePerferred systems  • Managed a national team of web analysts to develop web analytics and reporting standards    Environment: Planview, Rational Unified Process (RUP), MS Project Senior Project Manager St. Vincent Hospital/Ascension Health July 2007 to August 2007 • Managed large-scale infrastructure projects  ? Implemented hardware and software applications  ? Built out the datacenter and infrastructure to relocate 900 workers into one building  • Developed project proposals, budgets, and performed cost/benefit ROI analysis for CSC  • Managed multiple application development projects including:  ? Oracle database, McKesson, EPIC, 400 server refreshes for all Indiana hospitals  Environment: MS Project, SQL, Oracle, MS Office Suite, EPIC, McKesson Senior Project Manager Bureau of Motor Vehicles February 2007 to May 2007 • Assumed management responsibilities for a larger client/server application  ? Developed to replace a legacy mainframe system that had major issues on go-live  ? Managed a team of 15 C# .Net developers  • Met daily with Directors, CxO's and the Commissioner  ? Reported progress, documented new found errors and prioritized issue remediation  Environment: MS Project, C#, .Net, SQL, MS Office Suite. Senior Project Manager United HealthCare/Golden Rule September 2006 to January 2007 • Program manager over 4 individual projects and were to be combined for a new product launch  ? Lead projects to enhance and develop applications for the Web portals, e-Commerce  Environment: Rational Unified Process (RUP), MS Project Server 2003, MS Project, MS Office Suite. President/CIO Ardent Technology Solutions, Inc March 1999 to December 2006 • Ran the day-to-day operations of the staffing, recruiting and consulting business  ? Designed the policies and procedures for the IT department including standards for systems development  • Managed software development in e-Commerce, client/server, and infrastructure  • Processed and evaluated the RFP's and RFQ's for all projects  • Directed the PMO and assigned projects to project managers, monitored progress, and mentoring  ? Designed IT systems architectures  ? Set up vendor relationships to purchase hardware and software including negotiating service agreements and licensing  ? Full P&L and budget responsibilities with sales revenue over $4.5MM achieving growth over 200% in two consecutive years  • Consulted with top-level IT executives on improving their IT departments and emerging technologies  • Developed, financed and executed the purchase of an IT firm and the opening of an office in Arizona Project Manager Roche Diagnostics April 2004 to July 2006 • Lead large, federally-regulated projects within a PMO and IT areas for CRM/ERP and Call Center  ? Managed Data Warehouse, SAP (SM, SD, HRIS), Clarify, desktop, Web Portal and laptop applications with GMP regulation compliance  * Developed project budgets, timelines and managed communication with the executive steering committees  ? Implemented ITIL, Configuration Management, improved project management methods, tools and templates, CVS, GxP, and FDA Quality Regulations  • Designed a project plan and budget to implement an outbound call center  ? Saved the company several millions of dollars  • Negotiated global software/hardware product contracts  ? Netted a 75%-line item discount resulting in millions of dollars of savings and global standardization of product alignment  Environment: SAP, Clarify, Oracle, C#, .Net, Java, SQL, Sybase, MS Project Server 2003, Rational Unified Process (RUP), Windows XP, Critical Chain project management, FDA GxP and 21 CFR Part 11 regulations    Belcan Tech Services Director of Indiana Operations August 2003 to April 2004 • Managed the day-to-day operations of the staffing, recruiting and consulting business for a variety of clients: Allison Transmission, Rolls-Royce, Rexnord, etc.  ? Built and managed client relationships at the executive level  ? Sold products and services to customers and recruited potential employees  • Negotiated a contract to be the primary vendor for Delco Remy North America  • Lead the Indiana Operations to their first profitable month in 2 years after 3 months leading the organization Non-Commissioned Officer in Charge Indiana and Tennessee Air National Guard April 1986 to October 1998 NCOIC) of the Maintenance Personnel appointed by and reporting to the Commander  • Maintenance Systems Analyst  ? Provided programming, data analysis and management consulting on the efficiency of the systems, aircraft maintenance, support equipment and work centers  • Unit Career Advisor for military personnel  ? Coached and counseled them on their service careers Education Master's degree in business administration in business administration Indiana Wesleyan University 1998 Bachelor of Science degree in Management Information Systems Indiana State University 1990