Project Management <span class="hl">Project</span> Management Project Management - Design Thinking SA Mandeville, LA Work Experience Project Management Design Thinking SA February 2019 to Present present DXC Technology advanced  Design Thinking SA and Client Engagement Leader. Delivering innovation for digital  Product Management  transformation to enterprise clients in asset management, mobile, oil & gas and transportation verticals  advanced  • Establish, manage, retain and grow a diverse set of accounts through highly pro- active engagement strategies. Design Thinking  • Consult with clients to understand objectives and provide strategic recommendations  on digital transformation projects from $300K - $2MM. advanced  • Develop new clients at the national and regional level, partnering with the sales team  to identify opportunities and grow pipeline. Contract Negotiation  • Established key relationships with numerous Fortune 500 companies bringing  innovative design thinking business strategy development. advanced  • Providing internal and sub-contracted resource planning of cross functional  Communication  development teams to meet client needs Project Manager Entire State of Florida - Atlanta, GA 2008 to January 2019 SW Georgia, North and South  Carolina, Puerto Rico and Napa/Mendocino, CA). Managed data, communications, excellent  network and dispatch technologies in typically devastated communities with severe Change Management  limitations to power, cell coverage or network connectivity. Added value as key resource  for contract negotiations and regulatory compliance in safety, environmental and operations capability. (since 2005 have worked both full time as well as part time) MS Office including Project and  TeamworkPM  • Estimated cost reductions of over 20% by managing IT efficiencies and introducing  innovative input/output automation tools  advanced  • Oversaw implementation project of trans-formative custom mobile app integrations  into contractor scheduling, deployment dispatch and back-end billing interface  solutions  • Key strategic PM on multiple projects valued over $150M implementing cost overhead  efficiencies  • Key communications with stakeholders from US Government agencies and contractors to successfully meet all project goals safely and profitably.  • Managed contractors in field as well as liaison with regulatory monitoring and management staff of state, local and federal stakeholders.  • Lead for IT teams of diverse cross functional staff for resourcing development and innovation IT Project Manager / IT Service Delivery Manager IBM 2009 to August 2017 VSS, LLC  Conducted client relations, served as distinguished IT project manager and consultant for IT Managed Services delivering best in class client customer facing services.  Established and implemented continuous improvement initiatives utilizing common  project management methodologies (Waterfall and some AGILE) as well as design  thinking, Managed multiple complex projects unifying software (including SaaS, Optum,  IBM migration, MicroSoft) and hardware scope program with key communication to stakeholders and resource team members, on time and on budget. In concert with CIO  and IT Director, managed rapid growth from startup doubling in size over 5 years of consistent, sustained profitability in the IT Managed Services Industry. Oversaw all tiers of IT Services utilizing ITIL best practices, ensuring the highest levels of customer  service and exceeding customer expectations for clients nationwide (SMB to Enterprise)    • Orchestrated expansion from a single office to 10 locations across the US and quadrupling of revenue growth and capacity, with company merger.  • Oversaw Medical Clinic client's modernization of headquarters with restructuring  regional clinics (consolidation from 18 to 13 clinics) as well as data center move,  HW/SW refreshes  • Directed PBO (Primary Billing Office) clinical data and ERP consolidation through organic design deployment maintaining HIPAA compliance saving the client over  $20M in operational costs enumerated over project life expectancy  • Reduced client's costs by over 20% with project completion of SaaS clinical internal  and public facing medical records integrations to cloud  • Task project management for successful completion of AWS project implementations  including CoLo resource oversight with incumbent client and internal teams  • Managed large Northeastern charitable foundation's major upgrade project to modernize over 170 offices and headquarters regional WLAN/MAN to high speed and  wifi capability  • Managed medium enterprise client migration (over 1100 endpoints) including SSO  utilizing MS Azure implementation  • Led multiple clients projects upgrades/migrations of Office Suite software (O365, IBM  email conversions) including SSO and multi-factor authentication for SMB and Enterprise customers in Fortune 500  • Direct lead for Cloud Data Backup implementations (Datto, Azure and AWS)    12- 09-2011 2006 - IT Service Delivery Manager ICF, Intl  Provided key project roll out and maintenance of technical support for network and client  solutions spanning the entire state of Louisiana. Delivering sustained excellence for up- time management of critical IT for post Katrina and Rita Hurricanes, allowing over  100,000 homeowners to re-patriot their homes throughout Louisiana. Established  remote office deployment of housing assistance sites, providing management WAN,  desktop, server and printer connectivity. Delivered technical support for equipment and PC maintenance for the world's largest homeowner assistance project ever deployed in the US. Integral team leader, PM and member of a diverse multi-disciplined IT  organization assisting in the successful implementation and operation of SharePoint,  eGrants, JIRA and call center management applications.    • Led coordination and implementation of IT support (ITIL) best practices and continual  improvement initiatives increasing efficiency over 40%.  • Responsible for communications for inter-business operability and portfolio resource  documentation to achieve funding compliance from government stakeholders.  • Managed hardware and application development support for IT and Tier II Technical  support technicians.    09- 12-2006 2005 - Project Manager Ceres  Project Manager, Regional Field Superintendent and lead of specialized critical aerial  safety teams overseeing operations and IT forward deployment for some of the nation's  worst natural disasters, Hurricanes Katrina, a $750M project , post disaster recovery.  Managed personnel, data, network and dispatch technologies with severe limitations to electricity, cell coverage or network connectivity. PM/FS of operations over multi-parish  (multi-county) deployment including vendors, contractors and government agency  stakeholders while maintaining critical margins with strategic planning mission  adherence.    • Managed personnel, contractors and other critical resources operating within (4)  Parishes (Counties) across the southern state of Louisiana devastated by landfall of major Hurricanes and Missouri ice storm cleanup.  • Liaison communications with Federal, State and Local agencies stakeholders and homeowner/business groups  • Oversaw over 100's of subcontractor personnel and internal team resources in operations, training, compliance and safety  • Coordinated from inception through completion, 1000's of task orders serving 10's of thousands of effected residents  • Implemented innovative technologies in overcoming major project challenges that  were unheard of at the time, such as GPS photography to web, tag and forward data over cellular  • Managed highly specialized critical aerial safety team for high risk aerial climber group  for mission specific aerial operations for arborcultural removals in dense populace  properties    09- 12-2005 1997 - Founder / CEO / Project Manager YRH GPS, LLC  Founded one of the nation's first asset tracking technology companies utilizing then  nascent GPS technology and wireless (satellite, cellular and RF) transmission.  Managed company from inception, successfully directing complex program and product  development planning and execution including wireless data technology (GPS) global  positioning systems integration, voice verification software and location-based  technology (LBT) call center implementation. Directed and successfully negotiated all  aspects of corporate executive and US federal government level client acquisition and management.    • Upon personal invitation by Louisiana Governor Mike Foster, attended  numerous one-on-one discussions relating to GPS technology.  • Engineered and deployed the nations 1st railway HAZMAT tracking and accountability solution monitoring railway transit of nuclear  waste left over from the Manhattan Project  • Identified client needs and implemented complete solutions required by homeland security, emergency preparedness, commercial transportation, public  safety and HAZMAT to state, local and federal government agencies.  • Success project manager overseeing large scale project for Shell Oil and Royal  Dutch Shell in Trinidad/Tobago integrating financial data with dispatch and asset tracking solutions saving client 30% on annual operating costs  • Established and coordinated sales/marketing and technology migration strategies, as well as product development and contracting (Satellite, Cellular, RF) through channel  licensing partner agreements.  • Negotiated effective partnership alliances (National and International) for private  sector and government.  • Directed and maintained executive sales/marketing OEM and VAR development  campaigns to transportation and freight fleet owners from medium to large corporate  firms.  • Full P&L responsibility. COO / Project Manager / Founder i-PlanetWireless, LLC 1997 to 2003 Founded innovative company with mission statement to provide wireless (cellular  phone) integration of "OnStar" like location data systems, GIS, wireless  data automation, and innovative products, with GPS and cellular technology. First of it's kind cellular phone tracking solution before the advent of smartphones.    • Chief Operating Officer directing project management of cellular phone tracking  of DOJ (Department of Justice) high ranking officials post 9/11  • Oversaw through successful trials and implementation of 1st of it's kind US  Marshall parolee tracking solution integrating voice verification and GPS  • Full P&L responsibility with growth from start up to over $3.1 million in profitable  annual sales revenues grown to a staff of 20+ to M&A.  • Instrumental in strategic marketing and consumer product development of Location  Based Technology (LBT) utilized by m-commerce, corrections,  state and federal security agencies (CIA, FBI, NSC), as well as Enhanced 911.  • Directed project management and product development strategies by introducing  burgeoning tools and methodologies, including C++, WAP, Java, xml, Vxml, 1XRTT,  Design Thinking strategies and development round tables and IP over wireless.  • Consistently deliver comprehensive pre/post technical consultation, and liaison  between clientele, stakeholders and servicing engineers to assure execution and compliance of negotiated contractual agreements. Education Graphic Arts and Computer Sciences Camden County College August 1986 Skills Product Management, Product Development Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/Livingdog