Assistant Director Assistant Director Director/Client Services Manager Duluth, GA Experienced program and project management leader offering over 28 years of success leading all phases of diverse technology projects and programs.   Seasoned Director and Client Services Manager offering 6 years of success managing high-performing global teams to deliver cutting-edge, industry leading, high-revenue generating solutions for Global Tax, America’s Tax and Core Business Solutions service lines of Ernst & Young LLP.  Business and technology strategist. Proficient in planning and managing multi-million-dollar strategic programs and projects aligning business goals with technology solutions to drive high return-on-investment (ROI) benefits, increased sales and revenue, process improvements, federal and regulatory compliance and competitive advantage.  Excellent communicator; leverages technical, business, and financial acumen to communicate effectively with client executives, business partners, sponsors and technology teams. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Assistant Director Ernst & Young LLP - Alpharetta, GA October 2013 to August 2019 Global/America’s Tax – America’s Tax Technology Group – Portfolio Management Office (Jul 2017—Aug 2019)  Directed application implementation projects and global teams to support America’s Tax and Global Tax Portfolios.  • Tax Function Outsourcing (TFO) – AIG – Managed the implementation of AIG@EY and AIG Discrete App solutions as part of a $100M 5-year contract with AIG. Implemented SAFe Agile, Azure DevOps and Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery processes.  • ShareTrust – Led the migration of over 20 independent external client SharePoint sites from RackSpace to Microsoft Azure Cloud Architecture.  • Fiduciary Trust Tax Services Data Management Platform – Spearheaded the deployment of the K1 Uploader API Tool to process over 100,000 K1 Tax Forms and save over $2M.  • Fiduciary Trust Tax Services Data Warehouse – Drove the implementation of a new enterprise data warehouse solution to integrate, process and report on data from multiple application systems. Implemented SAFe Agile, Azure DevOps and Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery processes.  • Latin America / Non-US Portfolio – Information Security Compliance and Remediation   • EY Colombia – NovaSoft – Supervised the vendor hosting and data migration of the NovaSoft solution from EY Argentina to EY Colombia and obtained vendor hosting compliance and governance approval.  • EY Colombia – Innapsis – Piloted the implementation of the Innapsis solution for EY Colombia to support the national government in processing tax returns and obtained vendor hosting compliance and governance approval.  • EY Mexico – Intaxlligence – Regulated the migration from Amazon Web Services to Microsoft Azure Cloud.  • EY Canada – UIPath Robotics Process Automation (RPA) Azure – Led the consultation, planning and estimation process to support EY Canada’s implementation of the UIPath RPA Azure solution.  • EY Jamaica – SmartPay CITI Payroll – Managed the implementation of a new and secure architecture and disaster recovery plan for EY Jamaica’s SmartPay Payroll solution to support CITI (EY Global 360 client).  • EY Paraguay – Waldbott – Ran the deployment of a new and secure architecture for a Payroll Services solution.  • Tax – Personal Workload Tool (PWT) – Coordinated the implementation of User Interface and Reporting enhancements and integration with Mercury SAP to the workload assignment solution. Implemented SAFe Agile, Azure DevOps and Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery processes.  • Mosaic v2 – Led the re-write and implementation of the Mosaic v2 solution to support the management of America’s Tax Prospect, Campaign, Customer and Account information and real-time reporting of predictive analytics for sales and account engagement teams.   • Robotic Process Automation (RPA) Program Portfolio (Automation Anywhere, BluePrism) – Regulated the portfolio of over 20 RPA program workstreams within America’s Tax; Monitored RPA BOT licenses, monthly strategic updates and the implementation of real-time RPA BOT Utilization key performance indicators, metrics and reporting.  • Tax Reform Modeler – Generated a rapid deployment to market of an advanced analytical tool aligned to the new Tax Reform policies released by the U.S Federal Government, effective January 1, 2018.  Global Tax – Partnership Tax (Sep 2015—Jun 2017)  Oversaw the implementation of new functionality to support major high-revenue generating Partnership Tax applications.  • Corporate Joint Venture (CJV) v2 – Supervised the definition of scope and functional/non-functional requirements for the CJV v2 project initiative. Liaised with the Vernalis vendor team.  • Private Client Services (PCS) Maestro v2 – Led the 6-week implementation of the PCS Maestro v2 solution, including the upgrade of IBM Business Process Management (BPM) Platform from v6 to v7.  • Private Equity/Real Estate (PE/RE) v3 – Directed the deployment of new functionality and enhancements for the PE/RE v3 solution, including the upgrade of the IBM-BPM Platform from v6 to v7.  Core Business Solutions (CBS) – Information Management Technology (IMT) (Oct 2013—Aug 2015)  Managed the implementation of new functionality, enhancements and integration of the Global Financial Reporting solution supporting all 200,000 EY employees and launched a new Center of Excellence.  • Global Financial Reporting (GFR) Solution – Ran the deployment of new features and capabilities (three quarterly releases) and roll-over (one quarterly release) for the GFR solution and its weekly and monthly reports utilized by the entire firm. Led the integration between GFR and the new Enterprise Data Warehouse (EDW). Drove the assimilation between GFR and the Mercury SAP solution, which replaced the Global Financial Information System (GFIS).  • Reporting and Analytics – Center of Excellence – Defined and implemented a pioneering product suite of functionality to provide standardized and ad hoc reporting and analytics capabilities to CBS leadership. PMO Senior Program Manager THE INTERSECT GROUP - Atlanta, GA June 2012 to February 2013 NCR Corporation (Duluth, GA) - Managed the Oracle Enterprise Services Group for the $100M integration program initiative resulting from the acquisition of Radiant Systems Group by NCR Corporation (Duluth, GA). Manager DAUGHERTY BUSINESS SOLUTIONS - Atlanta, GA July 2011 to February 2012 • AT&T (Alpharetta, GA) - Led the Inception and Elaboration Phase of the AT&T Tower Lease Management project.  • Macy's Systems & Technology (Duluth, GA) - Executed the implementation of the high priority Inventory Management Radio Frequency Identification (RFID) solution initiative across all Macy's and Bloomingdale's stores. Senior Management Consultant CRITIGEN LLC - Greenwood Village, CO September 2009 to July 2011 Enterprise Management Solutions division divested from CH2M Hill Inc. to form CRITIGEN LLC. Supervised project management and consulting initiatives for national and international clients including: Genuine Parts Company (GA), City of Tallahassee - Utility Department (FL), Metropolitan Washington Airport Authority (DC), Alameda County Water Department (CA), ITER/Fusion For Energy (Spain), and FEMA - SETA (DC).  • Genuine Parts Company (Atlanta, GA) - Regulated the implementation of diverse projects within the Business Intelligence Group. Performed the role of Chairperson for the Business Intelligence Governance Steering Committee Forum and liaised with client executive leadership. Developed strategic plans, master plans, roadmaps and budgetary information for the implementation of the BI Program/ Project Portfolio. Controlled the deployment of a new Enterprise Data Warehouse solution. Piloted the upgrade and migration of the IBM Cognos BI from v7 to v8.  • Metropolitan Washington Airport Authority (MWAA) (Washington, DC) - Led the delivery of an enterprise-wide geospatial solution initiative, including:  ? Airport Operations, Tracking and Planning geospatial solution implementation  ? Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) for airport geospatial solution  ? Enterprise Single Sign-On solution implementation (IBM Tivoli Access Manager and E-SSO)  * Evaluation, selection, and management of external implementation vendor  • ITER/Fusion for Energy (Barcelona, Spain) - Implemented the IT PMO program management portal solution. Senior Management Consultant CH2M HILL INC - Englewood, CO July 2007 to September 2009 Provided program/ project management and IT/management consulting leadership to a prominent global engineering, environmental assessment, and geospatial technology solution consulting firm. Managed budgets of up to $5M and cross-functional teams of up to 15 businesses and technology specialists.  • Emirates Nuclear Energy Corporation (Abu Dhabi, UAE) - Managed the Enterprise Content Management Solution (ECMS) vendor product evaluation and selection to support the 25-year $75B nuclear energy program.  • Clayton County Water Authority (Morrow, GA) - Mapped, re-engineered and optimized over 150 business process workflows for the Call Center Team.  • City of Atlanta - Department of Watershed Management (DWM) (Atlanta, GA) - Performed the role of CRM business/technology subject matter expert for the integration of Oracle CRM E-business Service Module with the I-360 Work Force Management solution (WFM), Service Request and Field Service Work Order solutions within the DWM Call Center.  • NASA - Marshall Space Flight Center (Huntsville, AL) - Deployed the IT program management portal solution.  • The Alaska Gas Pipeline/Denali (BP & Conoco-Phillips) (Anchorage, AK) - Defined the enterprise business and technology architecture solution.  • Manchester Airport Group (Manchester, England. UK) - Managed the development of an integrated ECMS and geospatial information solution for the airport group and associated domestic and international airports.  • Caterpillar North America (Peoria, IL) - Developed an enterprise-wide ERP/CRM vendor product evaluation and implementation strategic roadmap across all North American facilities. Identity Management Program Manager LOGIC TRENDS INC - Atlanta, GA February 2007 to June 2007 Cox Enterprises, Inc. (Atlanta, GA) - Drove the Identity Management strategic plan and program/ project roadmap. Director of Information Security RECRUITER SOLUTIONS GROUP INC - Alpharetta, GA June 2006 to February 2007 Director of Information Security/Business Sponsor - Independent Contractor/Consultant  • NOVA Information Systems (Atlanta, GA) - Defined the overall Scope, Program Vision, Strategic Plan & Roadmap for the $3M Sun Identity Management solution implementation across North American General Support Systems and high-risk business applications per OCC/PCI/Sarbanes-Oxley compliance audit recommendations. PMO Program Manager DIVERSIFIED EXECUTIVE SYSTEMS INC - Birmingham, AL October 2005 to April 2006 PMO Program Manager - Independent Contractor/Consultant  • BellSouth Corporation (Atlanta, GA) - Spearheaded the Order Management solution implementation component of the $800M Big Picture Broadband Transformation enterprise-wide program initiative. Senior IT Project Manager ( IT Risk Office) APEX SYSTEMS INC - Glen Allen, VA August 2004 to October 2005 Capital One Financial Corporation (Glen Allen, VA) - Managed an international Sarbanes-Oxley regulatory/legislative compliance assessment and audit for 58 applications across North American and European operational divisions. Implemented the $4M Sun Java System Identity Management initiative to centralize access management and user access provisioning, ensuring compliance with Sarbanes-Oxley requirements. Business/Portfolio Development Manager THE SHIVA GROUP INC - Duluth, GA November 2003 to August 2004 Developed and marketed business portfolio of consulting competencies for a start-up consulting firm. Senior IT Project Manager - Independent Contactor/Consultant IKON Office Solutions - Atlanta, GA August 2003 to November 2003 Managed budgets of up to $5M and cross-functional teams of up to 15 businesses and technology specialists.  • ITC DeltaCom (Birmingham, AL) - Coordinated the integration of over 100 project plans and inter-dependencies using MS Project, MS Project Server and MS Project Web Access during a $100M merger/acquisition. Developed a PMO and IMO to facilitate the integration of projects between the two companies. Customized Microsoft SharePoint Services, Microsoft Project Server, and Microsoft Project Enterprise across both companies. Trained resources across 50 departments on the use of MS Project, MS Project Server, and MS Project Web Access tools.  • IKON Office Solutions (Macon, GA) - Spearheaded the implementation of a mainframe software application and integration with an enterprise-wide Oracle Financials CRM system, enabling the company to recover $8M per day in trade A/R and lease account transactions. Senior IT Project Manager ALLSTATES TECHNICAL SERVICES INC - Birmingham, AL February 2003 to April 2003 BE&K Inc. (Birmingham, AL) - Managed a $500K project for the Material Management Department. Siebel Certified Project Manager/Senior Consultant CONNAISSANCE CONSULTING LLC - Columbus, OH January 2001 to May 2002 Managed budgets of up to $5M and cross-functional teams of up to 15 business and technology specialists.  • The Stratus Group (Louisville, KY) - Led the $1M Siebel 2000 CRM eBusiness enterprise call center solution implementation within 5 weeks. The success of this project yielded a recognition award from Siebel Systems.  • City of Phoenix - Department of Water Services (Phoenix, AZ) - Managed the $4M Siebel 2000 CRM eBusiness enterprise call center solution implementation. Mapped over 200 current-state processes (IBM DB2) to Siebel CRM. Implemented a PMO and developed program/ project management processes and protocols, communication and reporting methods, project scorecards and dashboards. Project Manager/Senior Consultant KEANE, INC - Boston, MA February 1998 to December 2000 Performed multiple functional roles of Project Manager and Senior Consultant on multiple Y2K Remediation Projects  • State of Georgia - Department of Human Resources (Atlanta, GA) - Developed and implemented a Program Management Office (PMO) adhering to Keane's PMO methodology/framework.  • GTE Telecommunications (Atlanta, GA) - Developed and implemented a PMO and associated processes adhering to Keane's PMO methodology/framework.  • Crawford & Company (Atlanta, GA) - Managed a multi-year, $100M Application Management Outsourcing engagement leading to the attainment of SEI-CMM Level 4 accreditation. Developed and implemented a PMO and associated processes adhering to Keane's PMO methodology/framework. Documented current-state and future-state/optimized business process workflows and standard operational procedures for the Catastrophe Team/Division. Transportation Planner/ Project Manager Centro - Birmingham August 1991 to May 1997 Provided statistical forecasting, computational modeling and expertise for major bus, rail, metro, light rapid transit, and airport related infrastructure program and project initiatives for one of the largest regional public transportation authorities in England within the Transportation Planning and Policy Unit. Planned and implemented annual regional public transportation capital investment programs including:  • Midland Metro Light Rapid Transit Scheme  • Birmingham International Airport 25-Year Integrated Transportation Master Plan  • Walsall - New Bus Station/Terminal  • Regional Bus Station Facilities Audit/Assessment (all bus stations)  • Regional Railway Station Facilities Audit/Assessment (all railway stations) Education Polytechnic Graduate Diploma in Mathematics De Montfort University of Leicester - Leicester August 1988 to June 1989 BTEC Higher National Diploma in Mathematics, Statistics, & Computing De Montfort University of Leicester - Leicester August 1986 to June 1988 Skills Strategic Planning, budget, training, Powerpoint, Word Additional Information SKILLS SUMMARY    Project Management:  • PMO/Program Management  • System Migrations/Integrations  • Enterprise Implementations  • Vendor Product Selection  • PMO Design/Implementation  • Information Security Compliance  • Leading High-Performing Teams    IT Project Lifecycle:  • Business Case Development  • Scope Definition  • Requirements Analysis  • ROI Analysis  • Costing & Budgeting  • Project Scheduling  • Resource Management    Value-Added Leadership:  • Cross-Functional Supervision  • Client Relationship Management  • Business & IT Strategic Planning  • Vendor Relationship Management  • SDLC Methodology Development  • Business/Proposal Development  • Management & IT Consulting    INDUSTRY EXPERIENCE & EXPERTISE  • Transportation (Bus, Rail, Metro, LRT, Airport, Airline)  • Energy & Public Utilities (Nuclear, Water, Gas, Electricity)  • Government (City, State, Federal)  • Retail (Apparel, Automotive)  • Banking, Finance & Tax  • Chemical  • Oil & Gas Exploration  • Civil Engineering  • Telecommunications  • Construction & Mining  • Insurance