IT Project Manager / Director of Applications and Software Development <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> / Director of Applications and Software Development IT Project Manager / Director of Applications and Software Development San Francisco, CA Work Experience IT Project Manager / Director of Applications and Software Development On Lok Lifeways - San Francisco, CA January 2009 to 2019 • Managed cross functional, cross discipline clinical, administrative, and technical teams to design, customize, and rollout new company wide Electronic Health Record (EHR) system to 10 remote locations.  • Planned and executed six phase business process reengineering and EHR implementation project. Responsible for overseeing all phases: As-Is, To-Be, Proof of Concept, Build, System Testing, and Rollout.  • Directly interfaced with major EHRs vendors, (NextGen, www.nextgen.com), Tempdev (www.tempdev.com), and others vendors in the design and implementation of the EHR system.  • Led the business process reengineering team in developing and documenting over 150 business processes.  • Oversaw and had hands-on involvement in requirements gathering, process modeling, and documenting of requirements. Worked with vendors and in-house developers to translate and oversee scenarios into prototypes. Worked with end users to validate and test proof of concept / prototypes. Used iterative approach to ensure proper business functionality was developed in a timely manner using multiple feedback cycles.  • Managing in-house technical teams to oversee infrastructure development, software development, testing, system performance, and system rollout.  • Worked closely with project sponsors, product management, and business analyst to ensure business needs and end users needs were both meet while balancing cost, resources, and scope of the project.  • Managed projects to interface On Lok with many hospitals in order to setup lab results and document interface.  • Managed vendor project to implement automated appointment reminders to On Lok members. Involved as BA, PM, vendor manager, and tester.  • Managed full SDLC of sustaining releases including production deployments.  • Held bi-weekly project sponsor meetings with sponsors and senior management.  • Experience interfacing with all levels of the organization including medical and clinical staff. Project Manager, Web IT Juniper Networks - Santa Clara, CA October 2008 to November 2008 • Managed multiple activities: Infrastructure build-out project, hosted web metrics reporting project, and two operational support releases.  • Coordinated with cross functional groups to understand and document server hardware requirements. Held project requirements review to obtain agreement and signoff.  • Directed internal staff and external vendors in development of hosted metrics reporting project as part of larger overall website redesign project. Interfaced with multiple project managers to ensure coordinated integration.  • Responsible for due diligence of contract negotiation; reviewed and coordinated final signoff of SOW and quote with 3rd party vendor, internal project managers, and finance department.  • Worked with 3rd party vendor, internal staff, and business to create consolidated project schedule. Ensured all responsible parties contributed, committed, and signed off on scheduled tasks.  • Drove meetings with business and technical teams to review and approve 3rd party vendor solution documents.  • Tracked and recorded operational and capital expenditures for $5M project to ensure budget compliance. Project Manager, Web-Based Application Yosemite Communications - Santa Clara, CA April 2008 to October 2008 Led requirements gathering and created project plans and schedule; led project team through full SDLC.  • Verified/audited contents of builds; identified issues and responsible for follow up with stakeholders; ran change control and ensured project stayed within scope.  • Track action items, identify dependencies, and publish release features, bug fixes and enhancements.  • Serve as overall point of contact and spokesperson for the release. Project Manager, Web-Based Applications ADP Claims Services Group March 2003 to March 2008 Served as Project Manager for enterprise level n-tier web applications used by Fortune 500 insurance companies and their partners. Led all development and testing projects. Managed projects from inception through delivery while interfacing closely with customers, product management, engineering teams, technical operations, and executive management to ensure project milestones were achieved and communicated. Created and maintained detailed project plans, ran change control, and successfully closed each project after deployment.    • Gathered requirements, scoped, and created project plans for projects. Managed scope, CCB, and change requests to ensure projects remained in control and were delivered on time.  • Delivered initial version of 2nd generation web application and ongoing critical enhancements resulting in an increase in annual revenue to $5M from $500K.  • Delivered next generation Audit web and client application ($3M revenue). Managed vendor outsourcing resulting in a savings of $1M and expedited delivery by one year.  • Successfully deployed more than 50 production releases to address the multiple requirements of individual customers.  • Enforced processes to improve/ensure quality in design, coding, testing, and UI development to comply with CMM level 2 repeatable process guidelines.  • Managed and mentored Engineering, Quality Assurance, Business Analyst, and contract resources with up to 14 resources.  • Effectively collaborated with and managed multiple cross functional groups to ensure timely delivery of product requirements. ADP Claims Services Group - San Ramon, CA November 1987 to March 2008 www.audatex.com Project Manager, Business Process Automation ADP Claims Services Group January 2001 to March 2003 Served as software project manager for development of Enterprise Application Integration (EAI) solution. System used to exchange claim and image data between Audatex back office and Fortune 500 companies back office systems. Managed development processes, including determining the project's scope, size, capacity, and plans, and setting and managing the million-dollar plus budget for software and hardware. Increased team size from two associates to 10 with direct management responsibility for engineering and QA.    • Saved $1 million and prevented critical loss of customer accounts by managing the development of EAI system to replace legacy mainframe application.  • Led the seamless migration to the new system of more than 30 existing clients. Each deployed on time with good quality.  • Worked directly with large insurance clients to coordinate details of data exchange and interface requirements.  • Coordinated with operations group to help design and deploy, and test, alpha, beta, and production environments.  • Led quality initiative by bringing in Microsoft to evaluate system architecture and scalability. Engineering Manager, Client/Server Application ADP Claims Services Group January 1999 to December 2000 Served as software project manager for development of communication workflow system. Used to communicate and exchange claim data between client estimating system and Audatex back office systems. Managed the full SDLC while coordinating development efforts of multiple engineering and QA teams including one virtual team in Europe.    • Realized savings of over $1M through replacement of aging mainframe system.  • Directly managed a development team of 6 onsite resources and two offshore developers.  • Managed rollout out of new system to more than 5000 users with minimal impact to clients.  • Realized a savings of $500,000 by using European division resources rather than domestic contractors by taking advantage of development synergies for similar work being developed in Europe. Lead/Software Developer, Windows Application ADP Claims Services Group November 1987 to December 1998 • Led development of initial client-facing claims viewing system while serving as the software development lead for the first generation of web-based applications.  • Interacted with clients and outside vendors, and served as technical lead on team of seven developers and testers for many releases of a Windows-based estimating application. Education Project Management UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA BERKELEY EXTENSION - Berkeley, CA Bachelor of Arts in Business Information and Computing Systems SAN FRANCISCO STATE UNIVERSITY - San Francisco, CA Associate of Science in Electronics Technology COLLEGE OF SAN MATEO - San Mateo, CA Additional Information Accomplished, dynamic Project Management Professional (PMP) with a solid background in enabling the delivery of quality applications. Skilled at directing the entire project life cycle, from inception through final deployment, communicating with management, stake-holders, and vendors, and working to ensure adherence to schedule. Proven leadership expertise, able to motivate and manage staff to meet project goals. Monitors trends and seeks technology to improve processes. Skills and abilities include:    ? Project Management ? Vendor Management ? Client Communication  ? Healthcare / EHR Experience ? SDLC Expertise ? Engineering Management  ? QA Management ? Software Deployments ? Business Analysis