Project Delivery Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> Delivery <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Delivery Manager - Deloitte Katy, TX Work Experience Project Delivery Manager Deloitte May 2019 to Present for Halliburton - Mergers & Acquisitions  ? Responsible for Project/Program Management of Mergers & Acquisition accounts.  ? Working closely with accountable Delivery Leaders in the Business and Technology to ensure assigned project delivers on business objectives and value, while managing scope/timeline/budget and technical risk. Sr. Project Manager HCL Americas August 2016 to April 2019 for Entergy  ? Project/Program manager for implementation and supporting the core IT Infrastructure to support applications to deploy 3 Million Automated Meters to Entergy customers across their entire network. The implementation is based on the Water fall project methodology. (Time line: 24 Months, budget: $ 6 Million+)  ? Oversee and coordinate all aspects of project and serving as manager for project team who are the liaison between project management, line management and other departments.  ? Defining complex project plans including scope, budget and schedule, and executing tasks defined in the project plan to achieve project goals using standard project management methodologies and practices.  ? Continually assesses project needs and resources to complete projects on time and within budget.  ? Assessing project issues and developing resolutions to meet productivity, quality, and client-satisfaction goals. Organizing interdepartmental activities ensuring completion of the program on schedule and within budget.  ? Weekly/Monthly Status reporting to client's higher management about Scope, Budget, Schedule, Risks.  ? Working closely with project teams on translating requirements and implementation of solutions  ? Working closely with business managers to gain in-depth understanding of business needs. Sr. Project Manager Tech Mahindra January 2015 to August 2016 for GE Oil & Gas  ? Project/Program manager for a team size of 15-20 resources to perform Tech Refresh/ DC consolidation/ migration work at GE Oil and Gas. (Time line: 24 Months, budget: $ 3 Mil)  ? Extensively used -Jira, Rally- Agile Project and Portfolio Management tools to create project plans, scheduling, resource allocation, progress tracking, budget spending, reporting etc.  ? Tracking progress in terms of cost, time/schedule, events, tasks/activities, dependencies and progress across multiple projects, facilitate resolution of issues, and change management.  ? Managed Project Plan/Sprint Plan, conducting daily scrums, manage sprint and product backlogs, managing change request and test plans using Rally  ? As a End-to-End Project Manager/ Scrum Master - Managing multiple projects/ scrum teams with a total of over 20 resources, coordinating with various internal and external teams; Communicating and managing multiple vendors and cross functional teams.  ? Achieved a savings of $3.5MM by tech refresh/consolidation/virtualization of 700+ legacy servers. Sr. Project Manager Tech Mahindra January 2014 to December 2014 for GE Oil & Gas  ? Managed Data Center Consolidation/Migration/Application Simplification Projects for GE (Oil and Gas)  ? Achieved a savings of $3MM by consolidating 90+ US Data rooms to their strategic Data Centers. In the process eliminated 100+ servers and migrated 200+ apps to Data Centers and increased virtualization of 60% from 36%  ? Successfully transitioned client IT services and process to Tech Mahindra. Responsible for the delivery readiness to Steady State Operations  ? As a PMO was responsible for defining, planning and delivering project, managing project team to achieve project benefits according to agreed scope and budget  ? Provide Program Management oversight for regional and global objectives through retained contracted functional Team.  Responsible for timely delivery of project deliverables within the scope of the project's parameters  -Servers  -Applications  -DataStorage  - Licensing  ? Tracking project progress and completion of project status reports  ? Actual vs. Budget financial impact analysis  ? Managing the integration of multiple components both within the project and across the program  ? Created executive dashboards and presented to senior management  ? Continuous improvement of Project Management templates and tools and other PMO initiatives as required Sr. Manager/ Project Manager-Technology Genpact July 2012 to September 2013 Key Attainments:  ? Managed end to end IT operations from an IT infrastructure stand point  ? Responsible for setting up IT infrastructure for new project delivery  ? Managed internal and external stakeholders for smooth functioning of IT operations  ? Implemented Information security and solution designing of MPLS/ IVPN etc based connectivity solution  ? Managed key accounts for their Servers, Network, Voice and End point computing  ? Managed costing and budgeting from IT standpoint  ? Key player in IT strategy discussions and provided inputs in shaping the short term and long term strategies  ? Operations & program management of IT infrastructure (LAN/WAN, Desktops, Servers, HPC environments, Virtualization, Storage, Backups, Databases, Network Security) Manager-Infrastructure Technology Atom Technologies August 2011 to July 2012 Key Attainments:  ? Relationship Management (Internal & External Clients)  ? IT Infrastructure setup & uptime  ? Security Management  ? Network Management  ? Team management & Vendor management  ? Technical issues management  ? Audited and implemented Payment Industry Certifications PCI DSS and PA DSS for Mobile Applications IT Manager-Infrastructure Engineering Computer Associates - Hyderabad, Telangana May 2010 to July 2011 Key Attainments:  ? Implemented solutions for Enterprise IT Infrastructure (Change Management Process, Enterprise Backups, Datacenter Management, etc.) and Enterprise Applications  ? Instrumental in managing and setting priorities for maintenance, development and evaluation of specific Infrastructure System (specific to UNIX/Linux and VM)  ? Defined SLA and OLA & delivered KPIs on infrastructure solutions collaborating with Global Delivery team to ensure that all business related goals were met  ? Advocated for & implemented 24x7 Service Desk Operations and ensured smooth delivery and operations  ? Proactively led a 15 member team charged with incident, problem and change management process handling issues and alerts as needed Team / Project Lead NYSE Euronext - New York, NY May 2006 to January 2010 Key Attainments:  ? Collaborated with Operations Team to manage service delivery by setting goals, aligning expectations, analyzing performance reports, developing & implementing action plans to improve performance  ? Monitored incident, problem and change process and managed problem & change issues and alerts as needed  ? Developed metrics to measure the effectiveness and performance of Operating Team  ? Partnered with cross-functional team to solicit infrastructure recommendations based on applications needs  ? Significantly contributed in managing system performance making recommendations to improve and implemented system wide changes to enhance overall system proficiency with tools like Cacti  ? Led L2/L3 Teams and worked to create process to handle Level 3 escalations  ? Major Environment Used: Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL)-4, 5, Suse Linux Enterprise Server 9, HP UNIX 11i-LP3000/RP3440, NYSE Trading Applications, FIX Protocol 4.2, etc Project Lead Polaris Software Labs Ltd March 2004 to March 2006 Key Attainments:  ? Successfully worked as Sr. UNIX Web Administrator / Team Manager in IT infrastructure environment providing server administration, application administration and automation solutions to support business objectives  ? Successfully led a team of 8 Engineers charged with supporting more than more than 1000 GE Intranet/Internet Websites running on more than 200 Solaris Ultra Servers in a high availability failover ENV  ? Actively involved in setting up of Disaster Recovery Operations in a highly complex Webenv  ? Major Environment Used: Sun Solaris, Jrun, Iplanet, NAS, Apache, Netscape Directory Server, Siteminder, Solaris 2.6, 2.8, E250, E450, Win NT, Apache 2.x, Weblogic 8.x, etc  ? Key client handled: GE Advanced Materials Lead Application Consultant Slash Support Ltd March 2001 to March 2004 Key Attainments:  ? Pivotal in providing enterprise level technical support for e-commerce products for Sun's strategic customers in US Segment  ? Handled installation, configuration & administration of Oracle 8 & 8i Database on Sun Solaris 8 Enterprise-450, Ultra-60, Ultra-10 and Ultra-5 Servers  ? Major Environment Used: Java, Sun ONE and iPlanet Application Server and other iPlanet Products, Sun Solaris, Oracle 8i, etc  ? Key client handled: Sun Microsystems Bank of Punjab Ltd May 1999 to February 2001 Education National Institute of Technology Bachelor of Science University of Delhi Skills System administration, Team management, Technology management, Change management, Deployment, Security, Budgeting, Forecasting, Risk management, Vendor management, Managerial, Training Additional Information Core Competencies    Managerial  - Change Management - Budgeting / Forecasting - Scope Management  - Operation Management - Project Management - Risk Management    Technical  - System Administration - Vendor Management - Training & Development  - Technology Management - System Implementation & Design - Team Management  - Quality and Compliance - IT Security Management - Cost & Resource Deployment