Senior Manager - Corporate Finance Senior <span class="hl">Manager</span> - Corporate Finance IT Financial and Business Management Professional Tampa, FL Driven IT Business Management professional with over 25 years domestic & international experience with a dynamic Fortune 100 global telecommunications company. Proven success in IT financial management, resource planning & management and complex program management, utilizing innovative approaches to assess, track and govern results to meet or exceed company objectives.    Core Strengths:  Global Resource Management, Financial Analysis & Management, Budget & Expense Management and Control, Complex Data Analytics and Reporting, Operations Management, Risk Mitigation, Process Improvement, Superior Communication Skills, Critical Thinking, Strong Quantitative & Analytical Problem Solving Skills, Human Resource Administration & Crisis Management Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior Manager - Corporate Finance Verizon Communications, Inc - Tampa, FL 2017 to 2018 Led team of 6 in financial management of $350M Verizon IT Consumer Mass Business and the Verizon Enterprise Solutions organizations which provided sales, marketing, operations, and customer service for voice, data, and video services. Primary responsibility for expense and capital budget building, tracking, and forecasting, long range planning, business case planning, and operational processes.  • Success in creating and managing to budget throughout Finance Transformation period utilizing new financial tools, reporting and procedures.  • Oversight of reorganization effort including building the new financial structures and coordinating the movement of funding and resources between IT organizations.  • Developed effective zero-based budgeting and capital business case planning through strong collaboration with IT and business partners.  • Integrated key program drivers in financial reporting in collaboration with business partners to successfully track, analyze and manage costs of the programs. Senior Manager - IT Governance & Business Operations Verizon Communications, Inc - Tampa, FL 2016 to 2017 Manager - IT Governance & Business Operations Verizon Communications, Inc - Tampa, FL 2008 to 2016 Led team of 5-7, managing a $300M - $400M Capital and Expense Budget for Verizon IT Consumer Mass Business which included a global resource plan of 3,000 - 3,800 employees, time and material contractors and $25M in labor contracts. Provided governance and oversight of budget and resources including planning, forecasting, monthly analysis, reporting, and risk assessment and mitigation.  • Success in achieving budget, even during years of divestitures, reorganizations and repeated year-in changes to budget.  • Created and standardized financial views used by Senior Leadership for key funding decisions and uncovered millions in savings through misaligned structures and bookings.  • Created consolidated IT resource reporting for Management and Senior Leadership to validate resource requirements planning.    • Completed an unprecedented amount of budgetary and resource related reorganizations and reduction in force orchestrations to right size organizations to budgetary changes.  • Acted as governance liaison for India's capital and expense budget and resource management to ensure budgets were not exceeded and resource hiring was within plans. Moved from 80%/20% onshore/offshore model to a 40%/60% model.  • Received multiple awards for leadership and commitment to cross-functional collaboration, cost savings and implementation of enhanced processes. Senior Consultant - Project Management Verizon Communications - Tampa, FL 2003 to 2007 Managed multiple, multi-million dollar IT development projects in the Consumer Ordering and Billing sectors.  • Successfully developed & controlled project and operational plans which achieved on time implementation of multi-million dollar projects.  • Effectively led cross-functional teams in the identification of inter-system dependencies of a key $30 million development project.  • Successfully built and managed annual budgeting plans and forecasts which met or exceeded project budgets.  • Received multiple Excellence Awards for outstanding project management, monitoring and controlling of key development projects. Education Master of Business Administration in Business Administration The University of Tampa - Tampa, FL Bachelor of Science in Management Information Systems in Management Information Systems The University of South Florida - Tampa, FL Skills Hyperion, Metrics, Telecommunications, Microsoft excel, Powerpoint, Microsoft Word Additional Information ADDITIONAL RELEVANT SKILLS & EXPERIENCE    Staff Consultant, GTE Data Services, Inc.  Senior Metrics Engineer, GTE Telecommunications, Inc.  Metrics Analyst, GTE Data Services, Inc.  Advanced Skills - Microsoft Excel, PowerPoint, Word, Google Suite, Hyperion Planning, Anaplan