Job Seeker IT Director or Business Practitioner Washington, DC Work Experience Information Technology Management - Capella University November 2017 to Present 11/2017 - Present)    I am currently attending Capella University for a multi-year program pursuing my doctorates in Business Administration, Information Technology Management Degree. Advancing my education and proficiencies in the implementation of information technology policies and processes while exploring research on emerging trends in the IT management industry. This program will enable me to strategically apply creative practical solutions to emerging real-world ITBusiness problems from the multidisciplinary advance research and studies acquired. My Degree conferred date will be determined in 12/2021. Technical Delivery Manager - Delhaize Information Technology Management - Capella University May 2018 to September 2018 Provided Senior-level functional Project Management expertise to the Information Technology team and Finance team. Worked closely with Leadership to transition a percentage of the accounting functionality to India/Genpact. Project type(s) inclusive of; Accounting functionality (PLM - SalesForce Tool, OTC-Order To Cash, and RTR - Record To Report). Managed Projects using a hybrid of the PMBOK and Agile methodologies.  SELECTED ACCOMPLISHMENTS:  • Managed multiple work-streams/ projects that crossed multiple lines of businesses encircling all knowledge to team members and stakeholders.  • Provided leadership for project team members by encouraging and motivating each to exceed project goals and milestones while adhering to their responsibilities.  • Performed budgeting risk factor scenarios in order to preempt the possibilities of budget issues downstream.  • Ensured quality data collection processes are established and governed for reporting.  • Collaborated with business partners to understand the in-scope deliverables for IT development and deployment.  • Facilitated weekly stakeholder and project team meetings to report on project success criteria results, metrics, test and deployment activities.  • Actively and analytically championed creative problem-solving methods while demonstrating teamwork, innovation and excellence.  • Responsible for working with business stakeholders to frame and develop project objectives, requirements, and sourcing strategy prior to supplier engagement.  • Responsible for managing a number of sourcing requests with relevant stakeholders in order to create project schedules appropriate for each type of procurement.  • Aligned portfolio, programs, project and operations to strategic objectives  • Measured, rank and prioritized portfolios, programs and projects  • Governed project estimates and detailed project plans for all phases of the project.  • Maintain awareness and knowledge of interdependencies between technology, operations and business needs.  • Provided collaboration and solutions to client-problems while ensuring alignment with industry best practices.  • Governed all aspects of program engagement from planning, external vendor relationships, communications, resources, budget, change, risks and issues.  • Responsible for proactively working with stakeholders from multiple teams and lines of business (business, contracts, legal, technical, architecture, procurement, finance, etc.) to remove obstacles and address dependencies and constraints throughout each source initiatives.  • Responsible for proactively working with stakeholders from multiple teams and lines of business (business, contracts, legal, technical, architecture, procurement, finance, etc.) to establish delivery expectations for executive management that are supported by project schedules.  • Monitor, track and control outcomes to resolve issues, conflicts, dependencies and critical path deliverables. Senior IT Program Management DealerTrack January 2015 to June 2016 Provided Senior-level Functional Project Management expertise to the Legal Executive Team and Project Management Office. Worked closely with the Legal Executive officer on a Merger/Acquisition initiative that was extremely confidential company-wide. This M/A initiative impacted various departments within MSC inclusive of: Human Resources, Accounting/Finance, IT, Marketing, Facilities, Call Center, and Product Inventory. I provided Senior-level Project Management expertise to the Project Management Office for a call center consolidation proposal that will collapsed 5-regional call centers into one new centralized call center that will be equipped with the latest Infrastructure, AV, Third Party Apps, and VoiceComm solution(s) that will support the evolving growth of newly hired resources and reporting requirements. Managed Projects using the Waterfall and Agile. I've Provided Sr. level Project Management expertise to clients in the Software Development industry: Automotive and Airline Solutions. Project type(s) inclusive of; eCommerce.  SELECTED ACCOMPLISHMENTS:  • Used the PMBOK and Agile Model for project execution, inclusive of: Initiate/Ideation, Plan, Execute, and Close.  • Created project plans to govern the project's execution/implementation and planned gate reviews to complete project phases to ensure performance measures are met.  • Performed budgeting risk factor scenarios in order to preempt the possibilities of budget issues downstream.  • Aligned portfolio, programs, project and operations to strategic objectives  • Measured, rank and prioritized portfolios, programs and projects  • Managed research projects assigned by various clinical departments  • Used remedy and JIRA as the ticketing system for triaging problems and developing solutions  • Governed the availability, usability, integrity, and security of the data maintained on various systems.  • Completed due diligence list for the M/A project to ensure each department/area communicated there concerns while triaging those items with the legal teams and being transparent of those responses company-wide.  • Experience in Acquisition package development - Establish an acquired information systems and services list from the acquired organization's architecture resources involving internal application development or modifications and/or externally transferring application sources that created a coherent systems architecture for the receiving organization's platform while ensuring guidelines were met for implementation.  • Responsible for managing a number of sourcing requests with relevant stakeholders in order to create project schedules appropriate for each type of procurement.  • Acts as liaison with business owner and supplier during negotiations.  • Vetted the requirements of the call center consolidation project to ensure all technology components were factored while continuously compiling the VoiceComm solution with the business to ensure their concerns were solution.  • Governed the end-to-end weekly testing sessions ensuring all issues are resolved in a timely manner.  • Provided weekly portfolio/program reporting of all Product Infrastructure impacting initiatives.  • Liaison to the internal Stakeholders for the Product Infrastructure team ensuring all requirements are documented and met.  • Responsible for working with business stakeholders to frame and develop project objectives, requirements, and sourcing strategy prior to supplier engagement.  • Managed the deployment of AWS production system enhancements to ensure the availability, performance, scalability and security of production systems met project expectations.  • Responsible for proactively working with stakeholders from multiple teams and lines of business (business, contracts, legal, technical, architecture, procurement, finance, etc.) to establish delivery expectations for executive management that are supported by project schedules.  • Responsible for proactively working with stakeholders from multiple teams and lines of business (business, contracts, legal, technical, architecture, procurement, finance, etc.) to remove obstacles and address dependencies and constraints throughout each source initiatives. Master's Of Project Management Western Carolina University January 2013 to December 2014 I have attended Western Carolina University for the past two years to pursue my Master Degree in Project Management, which the program is affiliated with the Global Management and Strategy Department within the College of Business. This program has afforded me and provided me the knowledge, research acumen, and ability to further develop my craft as a Project Management and IT Professional with advance studies in Portfolio Management, Program Management, Contract Management, Vendor Management, and Resource Management along with in-depth knowledge of EVM and Quantitative/Qualitative measures. My degree conferred date is 12/5/2014. Director, IT Project Management Office CATAWBA VALLEY MED CTR March 2012 to August 2013 Provided the PMO with budget planning, strategic planning and Maturity modeling that aligned with the organizations strategic objectives, while ensuring the organizations KPI's were achieved through successful portfolio, program, project management execution across all functional areas. Standardized project management and process improvement practices throughout the organization so that projects achieved strategic objectives cohesively. Monitored the performances of staff and selected vendors. Managed the budgets of 10 Portfolios ranging from $10M - $25M. Monitored the performance of team members for annual appraisals and vendors for contract renewals. Managed Projects using the PMBOK, Agile, Lean Six Sigma, and ITIL methodologies ( Project type(s) inclusive of; Process Improvement, eCommerce, Supply Chain, Virtualization, Regulatory/Compliance, and HR/Payroll/Benefits).  SELECTED ACCOMPLISHMENTS:  • Overseen the processes to monitor overall IS performance, drive efficient and effective IS service delivery by designing program/ project plans to communicate the strategic plan of Infrastructure implementations and Software implementation/upgrades, while auditing projects to ensure state compliance adherence.  • Performed budgeting risk factor scenarios in order to preempt the possibilities of budget issues downstream.  • Aligned portfolio, programs, project and operations to strategic objectives  • Measured, rank and prioritized portfolios, programs and projects  • Managed research projects assigned by various clinical departments  • Meet with Senior Client Advisor to review and manage client portfolios and investment guidelines  • Reviewed and validated all project deliverable risk factors are alleviated across all impacting programs and projects to ensure minimum impact to timelines, cost, and scope for all projects.  • Implemented the PMI Model for project execution, inclusive of: Initiate, Plan, Execute, Close.  • Created test management plans to govern test case creations by the project managers and used gate reviews to complete project phases to ensure performance measures have been met.  • Audit information from large MDM databases in order to create new information, statistical data and execute data migrations.  • Responsible for working with business stakeholders to frame and develop project objectives, requirements, and sourcing strategy prior to supplier engagement.  • Acts as liaison with business owner and supplier during negotiations.  • Relationship with project and program stakeholders and sponsors Ensure that projects and programs are proceeding according to scope, schedule, budget and quality standards Information technology professional with experience with occupational medicine subject matter including community health and health-related policy issues such as benefits, product safety value management, with a strong emphasis on compliance.  • Responsible for managing a number of sourcing requests with relevant stakeholders in order to create project schedules appropriate for each type of procurement.  • Ensures and adheres to corporate purchasing policy directives.  • Analyzes supplier performance, compare service and/or product offerings and specifications, perform site visits as required and resolve contract and invoice differences.  • Experience working with sensitive data, specifically HIPAA, OSHA & DOT compliance and security Experience with medical applications eMR, eHR or Occupational Health Data Management Interpersonal skills.  • Planned, directed and coordinated the implementation of the EHR/Meditech 6.X data conversion (inclusive of the following modules: Emergency Dept., Electronic Health Record, Order Management, Operating Room Management, Patient Care, Ambulatory Care, Patient Safety, Physician Care Manager, Oncology Management, HIM, Scanning and Archiving, Supply Chain Management, Cost Accounting, and Patient Discharge Instruction integration), and Meditech CPOE Solution inclusive of pharmacy, lab, nursing and therapy.  • Project managed the implementation of eClincalWorks HER for the satellite clinics of CVMC inclusive of Infrastructure build-outs for client support.  • Program managed upgrades of Oracle Accounting Functionality of 10g to 11i upgrade for modules GL, AP, AR, FA, Tax, Cost and Logistics  • Onboard, developed, assessed and managed a team of 7 Project Managers that were assigned to specific portfolios of projects.  • Manage all aspects of multiple related healthcare projects to ensure the overall program is aligned to and directly supports the achievement of strategic objectives.  • Manages existing contracts to anticipate and prepare for ongoing renewals.  • Responsible for proactively working with stakeholders from multiple teams and lines of business (business, contracts, legal, technical, architecture, procurement, finance, etc.) to establish delivery expectations for executive management that are supported by project schedules.  • Responsible for proactively working with stakeholders from multiple teams and lines of business (business, contracts, legal, technical, architecture, procurement, finance, etc.) to remove obstacles and address dependencies and constraints throughout each source initiatives.  • Managed the deployment of AWS production system enhancements to ensure the availability, performance, scalability and security of production systems met project expectations.  • Ensured quality data collection processes are established and governed for reporting.  • Established and overseen the governance process, policies, standards and procedures to drive effective IT Service delivery, delivered quality IT services and improved project execution effectiveness.  • Managed and worked with IS, vendors, managing teams to development the RFP's defining scope or statement of work, quotes, identified key stakeholders, roles and responsibilities, and budgets.  • Acts as primary contact with potential suppliers during the RFx selection, and negotiation process.  • Leads supplier negotiations throughout RFx and contracting process to achieve optimal savings, value, and risk profile.  • Initiated and managed procurements in the supply chain system while engaging relevant stakeholders as they are needed for information, documentation and approvals throughout the procurement process.  • Implements the sourcing strategy and negotiation and redlining process with the supplier to draft contracts that accurately capture business, technical, and legal requirements (including contractual and purchase order documentation)  • Works closely with legal and risk groups to ensure consistent communication and socialization of significant legal and risk issues throughout the negotiation process and resolve issues.  • Responsible for the preparation and submission of documentation for consent from the Federal Government.  • Governed the data loads, resolved questions concerning data integrity, monitored performance and communicated functional and technical issues to the development team(s) and business team(s).  • Developed and implemented a strategy to drive and measure service quality assurance.  • Assisted with the business process formulation, implementation, and governance of proper data collection policies and procedures for the source system.  • Ensuring CMS clinical quality measures are properly captured and reported for Meaningful Use by implementing Medisolv as the BI solution. This solution also satisfied the requirements for collecting and reporting the data for joint commissions mandated core measure sets.  • Managed project-related contractual relationships, including negotiation of project contracts with vendors and sub-contractors. Report on project success criteria results, metrics, test and deployment management activities Work.  • Provided status reporting regarding project milestones, deliverable, dependencies, risks and issues, communicating across leadership Identify and develop trusted adviser.  • Developed MDM data collection and evaluation methodologies/processes, comprise governance, project criteria and requirements, data compilation/integration, relevancy, system usage/integration, assisted with format design by implementing IATRIC solution.  • Corralled enterprise data including raw copies of source system data and transformed data used for tasks such as reporting, visualization, analytics and machine learning.  • Implemented multiple HL7 interfaced third party applications (300) to support continuous data flow and to ensure successful delivery of high quality patient care.  • Tracked project budgets, allocations and variances through Oracle projects "PA". Senior IT Project Manager TIAA-CREF December 2010 to February 2011 Provided Project Management experience using a waterfall approach through the PMBOK methodology model. Managed project-related contractual relationships, including negotiation of project contracts with vendors. Monitored the performance of vendors for contract renewals. Championed weekly project meetings to communicate the project statuses. Ensure project financials were secured and tracked weekly. Reviewed and validated all project deliverable risk factors across all impacting projects to ensure minimum impact to timelines, cost, and scope. Project type(s) inclusive of; Process Improvement, Regulatory/Compliance, and Benefits.  SELECTED ACCOMPLISHMENTS:  • Overseen plan reporting, compliance regulatory and business development projects (Core Pension and Standard Offer work-streams) within TIAA-CREF's platform.  • Collaborated with business partners to understand the requirements for the IT development and deployment.  • Led development of requirements and all artifacts throughout the project lifecycle with high-visibility projects that were significant in risk, scope and complexity.  • Co-chair the Release management team for monthly projects that consist of software development, business processes, and infrastructure.  • Responsible for proactively working with stakeholders from multiple teams and lines of business (business, contracts, legal, technical, architecture, procurement, finance, etc.) to establish delivery expectations for executive management that are supported by project schedules.  • Responsible for working with business stakeholders to frame and develop project objectives, requirements, and sourcing strategy prior to supplier engagement.  • Responsible for governing outside vendor resources and ensuring work was completed on-time and within budget.  • Ensured every project prior to deploy met CAPA and SOX compliance/governance inspection criteria.  • Developed, managed the budgets and monitored weekly forecasts to ensure +/- 15% variances were met. The use of Planview was used to track project financials and deliverables for weekly reporting.  • Performed budgeting risk factor scenarios in order to preempt the possibilities of budget issues downstream.  • Responsible for the preparation and submission of documentation for consent from the Federal Government. Senior Technical Delivery Manager WELLS FARGO February 2010 to November 2010 Provided Program Management experience through the PMBOK and ITIL methodology models. Managed project-related contractual relationships for India, including negotiation of project contracts with vendors. Championed weekly project meetings to communicate the project statuses. Ensure project financials were secured and tracked weekly. Reviewed and validated all project deliverable risk factors across all impacting projects to ensure minimum impact to timelines, cost, and scope. Monitored the performance of vendors for contract renewals. Project type(s) inclusive of; Process Improvement, eCommerce, and Infrastructure.  SELECTED ACCOMPLISHMENTS:  • Led development of requirements, business intelligence needs, and all documentation throughout the lifecycle with high-visibility projects that were company-wide, significant in data risk, scope and complexity.  • Collaborated with senior management and technology partners on project development (International/India) and vendors.  • Managed for on-shore and off-shore sourcing for project success, negotiating, managing outside vendors and direct reporting contractors.  • Performed budgeting risk factor scenarios in order to preempt the possibilities of budget issues downstream.  • Aligned portfolio, programs, project and operations to strategic objectives  • Measured, rank and prioritized portfolios, programs and projects  • Directed centralization, migration and integration of off-shore resource user accounts domestically from one environment to another environment without disruption of day-to-day business processes. Scheduled and performed performance and load testing on these moves in the production environment to ensure 99% success of productivity, to assess latency issues and provided remediation action plans, if applicable, to senior management.  • Audit information from large MDM databases in order to create statistical data and execute data migrations.  • Corralled enterprise data including raw copies of source system data and transformed data used for tasks such as reporting, visualization, analytics and machine learning.  • Overseen all development of India-international/domestic infrastructure integrations, encompassing management reporting, financial approvals and accounting interfaces for India/Domestic projects.  • Managed project-related contractual relationships, including negotiation of project contracts with vendors and sub-contractors.  • Responsible for proactively working with stakeholders from multiple teams and lines of business (business, contracts, legal, technical, architecture, procurement, finance, etc.) to establish delivery expectations for executive management that are supported by project schedules.  • Responsible for proactively working with stakeholders from multiple teams and lines of business (business, contracts, legal, technical, architecture, procurement, finance, etc.) to remove obstacles and address dependencies and constraints throughout each source initiatives.  • Works closely with legal and risk groups to ensure consistent communication and socialization of significant legal and risk issues throughout the negotiation process and resolve issues.  • Project Managed the Merger between Evergreen/Wachovia and Wells Fargo/Wachovia: Overseen the integration of Financial, Email, HR, and Customer impacting systems, decommissioned all legacy systems from both organizations involved, scrub customer base data for duplication of accounts and transitioned customer account data onto the agreed source system for operational use, work with the marketing team for branding, legal team for contractual compliance and to ensure all regulatory laws were adhered too, and worked with the executive teams to ensure all needs were met per the acquisition. Work with the departments to ensure all processes were revised to meet the standards of the merger.  • Responsible for working with business stakeholders to frame and develop project objectives, requirements, and sourcing strategy prior to supplier engagement.  • Ensures and adheres to corporate purchasing policy directives.  • Analyzes supplier performance, compare service and/or product offerings and specifications, perform site visits as required and resolve contract and invoice differences.  • Ensured every project prior to deploy met CAPA and SOX compliance/governance inspection criteria.  • Project managed upgrades of Oracle Accounting Functionality 10g to 11i upgrade for modules GL, AP, AR, FA, Payroll, Tax, Cost and Logistics to support the merger between Evergreen, Wachovia and Wells Fargo.  • Championed weekly leadership meetings and presentations to communicate the portfolios, programs and project statuses  • Acts as primary contact with potential suppliers during the RFx, selection, and negotiation process.  • Leads supplier negotiations throughout RFx and contracting process to achieve optimal savings, value, and risk profile.  • Initiated and managed procurements in the supply chain system while engaging relevant stakeholders as they are needed for information, documentation and approvals throughout the procurement process.  • Implements the sourcing strategy and negotiation and redlining process with the supplier to draft contracts that accurately capture business, technical, and legal requirements (including contractual and purchase order documentation)  • Acts as liaison with business owner and supplier during negotiations.  • Manages existing contracts to anticipate and prepare for ongoing renewals.  • As a collaboration tool, SharePoint was used to build the India region website and affiliated Project websites while being used as a communications and notifications/reporting interface between the Americas and India for sharing pertinent data. The use of Planview was used to track project financials and deliverables for weekly reporting. Technical Delivery Manager BANK OF AMERICA September 2008 to October 2009 Provided Project Management experience using a waterfall approach through the PMBOK methodology model. Managed project-related contractual relationships, including negotiation of project contracts with vendors. Championed weekly project meetings to communicate the project statuses. Monitored the performance of vendors for contract renewals. Ensure project financials were secured and tracked weekly. Reviewed and validated all project deliverable risk factors across all impacting projects to ensure minimum impact to timelines, cost, and scope.  SELECTED ACCOMPLISHMENTS:  • Overseen core business and operational development functional projects (e.g. GWIM, eCommerce, Deposits Technology, Retail, Mortgage, and Master Data Warehouse) within the banks platform.  • Supervised a staff of 6-15 Jr. Project Managers & off-shore resources.  • Directed system migrations to support high-visibility projects that were company-wide, significant in risk, scope and complexity.  • Audit information from large MDM databases in order to create new information, statistical data and execute data migrations.  • Responsible for managing a number of sourcing requests with relevant stakeholders in order to create project schedules appropriate for each type of procurement.  • Corralled enterprise data including raw copies of source system data and transformed data used for tasks such as reporting, visualization, analytics and machine learning.  • Managed budgets of $2MM- $10MM and ensured variance margins were met monthly for each initiative with a success ratio of 98.5% throughout the project lifecycle.  • Performed budgeting risk factor scenarios in order to preempt the possibilities of budget issues downstream.  • Upon implementation, used Peregrine the ticketing systems to triage problems and provide solutions  • Responded to RFPs, RFIs, and RFQs for contractual agreements.  • Manages existing contracts to anticipate and prepare for ongoing renewals.  • Acts as liaison with business owner and supplier during negotiations.  • Managed project-related contractual relationships, including negotiation of project contracts with vendors and sub-contractors.  • Ensured every project prior to deploy met CAPA and SOX compliance/governance inspection criteria.  • Led teams in design and development of tier 1-bank integration systems for the Mortgage line of business that allowed them to meet various federal regulatory compliance laws (e.g. MDIA-Mortgage Disclosure Improvement Act 2008, SAFE-Secure and Fair Enforcement for Mortgage Licensing Act of 2008)  • Implemented SAP modules for Core Human Resources and Payroll, Performance and Compensations, and T/A Management.  • Captured significant cost savings through reviews/analysis of new and existing maintenance agreements.  • Designed spreadsheets to track agreements, costs, renewal dates and other pertinent information.  • Governed the availability, usability, integrity, and security of the data deployed in an enterprise source system.  • Responsible for working with business stakeholders to frame and develop project objectives, requirements, and sourcing strategy prior to supplier engagement.  • As a collaboration tool, eDirectory was used to build multiple Departmental and Project websites while being used as a communications and notifications/reporting interface between internal and external customers for sharing pertinent data.  • Responsible for proactively working with stakeholders from multiple teams and lines of business (business, contracts, legal, technical, architecture, procurement, finance, etc.) to establish delivery expectations for executive management that are supported by project schedules.  • Project Managed the Merger between Merrill Lynch/Bank of America: Overseen the integration of Financial, Email, HR, and Customer impacting systems, decommissioned all legacy systems from both organizations involved, scrub customer base data for duplication of accounts and transitioned customer account data onto the agreed source system for operational use, work with the marketing team for branding, legal team for contractual compliance and to ensure all regulatory laws where adhered too, and worked with the executive teams to ensure all needs were met per the acquisition. Work with the departments to ensure all processes were revised to meet the standards of the merger.  • Experience in Acquisition package development - Establish an acquired information systems and services list from the acquired organization's architecture resources involving internal application development or modifications and/or externally transferring application sources that created a coherent systems architecture for the receiving organization's platform while ensuring guidelines were met for implementation.  • Project managed the Oracle Accounting Functionality of 10g migration for modules GL, AP, AR, FA, Tax, Oracle Time and Labour "OTL", and Cost to support the merger between Merrill Lynch and Bank of America.  • Tracked project budgets, allocations and variances through Oracle projects "PA". Senior Portfolio Manager DELOITTE & TOUCHE TOHMATSU August 2007 to May 2008 Provided Project Management experience using the PMBOK methodology model. Managed project-related contractual relationships, including negotiation of project contracts with vendors. Championed weekly project meetings to communicate the project statuses. Ensure project financials were secured and tracked weekly. Reviewed and validated all project deliverable risk factors across all impacting projects to ensure minimum impact to timelines, cost, and scope. Project type(s) inclusive of; eCommerce, Infrastructure, Regulatory/Compliance.  SELECTED ACCOMPLISHMENTS:  • Led the planning and implementation phases for improvements to systems, healthcare process flows, and operational management. Projects impacted an average of 1500 users enterprise-wide in the technology and operations departments.  • Managed all projects according to the PMO practices using waterfall, agile, and six sigma methodologies, based on client's request.  • Performed budgeting risk factor scenarios in order to preempt the possibilities of budget issues downstream.  • Aligned portfolio, programs, project and operations to strategic objectives  • Responsible for working with business stakeholders to frame and develop project objectives, requirements, and sourcing strategy prior to supplier engagement.  • Measured, rank and prioritized portfolios, programs and projects  • Managed off-shore and on-shore vendors for project success.  • Audit information from large MDM databases in order to create new information, statistical data and execute data migrations.  • Served as a Release Advisory Board member for monthly projects that consist of software development, business processes and infrastructure.  • Led 20 virtual team managers and 4 business divisions to patch/upgrade over 500+ servers, applications and databases, avoiding enterprise shutdowns due to change in time zones and outage window timelines.  • Salvaged the development of the LMP-Logistics Modernization Program that allowed the Navy to consolidate the systems and processes which will managed the supply chain at the installation level and permitted the planning, forecasting and rapid order fulfillment that will improve distribution and provide a performance standard ration of 98% of user transactions within 2 seconds (industry standard is 85%).  • Managed project-related contractual relationships, including negotiation of project contracts with vendors and sub-contractors.  • Implemented Healthcare EHR/EMR systems (Meditech) Project Manager BANK OF AMERICA October 2003 to August 2007 Provided Project Management experience through the PMBOK methodology model. Managed project-related contractual relationships for India, including negotiation of project contracts with vendors. Championed weekly project meetings to communicate the project statuses. Ensure project financials were secured and tracked weekly. Reviewed and validated all project deliverable risk factors across all impacting projects to ensure minimum impact to timelines, cost, and scope. Project type(s) inclusive of; Infrastructure, and HR/Payroll/Benefits.  SELECTED ACCOMPLISHMENTS:  • Analyzed the cost-effectiveness and compared the overall feasibility of setting up an off-shore versus an in-house quality assurance team for development and testing initiatives.  • Responsible for the development and management of budgets, determine project scope, liaison between line of business/technology teams and ensured all objectives were met on-time and within budget tracking to a +/- 3% variance ratio with a success rate of 98%.  • Performed budgeting risk factor scenarios in order to preempt the possibilities of budget issues downstream.  • Managed project-related contractual relationships, including negotiation of project contracts with vendors and sub-contractors.  • Managed the improvement and implementations of the architecture, policies and procedures that governs the data to internal and external sources.  • Responsible for working with business stakeholders to frame and develop project objectives, requirements, and sourcing strategy prior to supplier engagement.  • Led CIT, SIT, UAT testing efforts and managed the collections of test scripts and use cases. Ensured 100% accuracy of test execution compared against the requirements provided by the line of business and remediated all issues with a 24-hour turnaround timeline.  • As a collaboration tool, eDirectory was used to build multiple Departmental and Project websites while being used as a communications and notifications/reporting interface between internal and external customers for sharing pertinent data.  • Ensured every project prior to deploy met CAPA and SOX compliance/governance inspection criteria.  • Project Managed the Merger between LaSalle/Bank of America: Overseen the integration of Financial, Email, HR, and Customer impacting systems, decommissioned all legacy systems from both organizations involved, scrub customer base data for duplication of accounts and transitioned customer account data onto the agreed source system for operational use, work with the marketing team for branding, legal team for contractual compliance and to ensure all regulatory laws where adhered too, and worked with the executive teams to ensure all needs were met per the acquisition. Work with the departments to ensure all processes were revised to meet the standards of the merger.  • Championed weekly leadership meetings and presentations to communicate the portfolios, programs and project statuses  • Project managed the Oracle Accounting Functionality of 10g migration for modules GL, AP, AR, and Payroll to support the merger between LaSalle and Bank of America. Proposal Manager VERIZON COMMUNICATION January 1999 to October 2003 Executive Assistant VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS June 1994 to January 1999 Provided Proposal Management experience through the PMBOK methodology model. Championed weekly project meetings to communicate the project statuses. Ensure project financials were secured and tracked weekly. Reviewed and validated all project deliverable risk factors across all impacting projects to ensure minimum impact to timelines, cost, and scope. Project type(s) inclusive of; Telecommunications Infrastructure, Regulatory/Compliance.  SELECTED ACCOMPLISHMENTS:  • Led an 18 mos. - 3 Phased project, $4.5M new construction telecommunications system project while managing the budget for a federal government agency (FEMA/Dept. of Justice) from conception to completion. Project was completed on time and within budget, despite numerous setbacks due to congressional roadblocks.  • Responsible for the preparation and submission of documentation for consent from the Federal Government.  • Cut burn rate 37% by implementing controls and policies across all key areas including configuration management, procurement and inventory management.  • Collaborated with the Network Operations Center to develop solutions, troubleshoot, monitor upgrades and implementations  • Ensures and adheres to corporate purchasing policy directives  • Responsible for working with business stakeholders to frame and develop project objectives, requirements, and sourcing strategy prior to supplier engagement.  • Audit information from large databases in order to create new information or statistical data.  • Co-chair the reduction of the product development cycle by 50% using reengineering processes, motivating and training employees, upgrading support applications and systems, aligned project management timelines with PMO, and promoting accountability.  • Managed new business acquisition, client relationship, strategic planning and project management planning delivery.  • Negotiated contractual agreements with pre-existing vendors and new vendors.  • Governed multiple procurements at once as part of overall procurement 'backlog" for Network Operations and Information Security (IO&S) procurements that may include HW/SW and professional services.  • Managed budgets from $200K - $5M throughout the project lifecycle (initiation - close).  • Performed budgeting risk factor scenarios in order to preempt the possibilities of budget issues downstream.  • Developed RFQs, RFIs, and RFPs for vendor solicitations  • Manages existing contracts to anticipate and prepare for ongoing renewals.  • Works closely with legal and risk groups to ensure consistent communication and socialization of significant legal and risk issues throughout the negotiation process.  • Ensures and adheres to corporate purchasing policy directives.  • Responsible for developing category strategies to address long term business requirements  • Responded to RFPs, RFIs, and RFQs for contractual agreements  • Implements the sourcing strategy and negotiation and redlining process with the supplier to draft contracts that accurately capture business, technical, and legal requirements (including contractual and purchase order documentation)  • Initiated and managed procurements in the supply chain system while engaging relevant stakeholders as they are needed for information, documentation and approvals throughout the procurement process.  • Worked as one of the Business Analyst on the merger between GTE/Bell Atlantic to ensure process flows were updated to meet the merger requirements and to document all system updates, data requirements, integrations, and system decommissions. Education Doctoral of Business Administration in Information Technology Management Western Carolina University Project Management George Washington University Project Management Institute Skills Financials, Change management, Risk management, Rfp, Contract management Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/romanda-sadler-09681b157