Sr IT Project Manager Sr <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Contract - Sr IT Project Manager - Perspecta Murrieta, CA A versatile leader with 12 years of experience leveraging a broad technical background to solve technology related business challenges. Leadership spans across several business functions including: Business Operations (Finance), Technical Operations, Program Management Office (PMO).  • Business process alignment  • Technical project management experience  • Cross functional matrix and functional team leadership and management.  • Provide mentorship of junior leader and project managers.  • Government agency project management experience  • SDLC  • Agile/Scrum project team facilitation  • HP PPM  • Microsoft TFS & VSTS  • Jira  • Microsoft Project  • Microsoft Office Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr IT Project Manager Teradata - San Diego, CA June 2019 to Present 3 month contract to manage the Unified Distribution Platform Project. Scope – migrate from a legacy, locally developed global software distribution platform to a SaaS/Cloud based Unified Distribution Platform.  • Business Requirements  • Vendor Management  • RFP Process  • Risk Assessment  • Developed Implementation Strategy Contract - Sr IT Project Manager Perspecta February 2018 to May 2019 Provide technical program management support to the County of San Diego Project management office, managing IT software development and security projects. Responsibilities include budget, scope, procurement, in-house and 3rd party project resource management.  • Create and maintain detailed project plans and schedules  • Risk management  • Requirements management  • Budget estimate and management using HP PPM  • Vendor/3rd party labor management  • Delivery management in a cross functional matrix organization Contract - Scrum Master/ Project Manager February 2017 to February 2018 Solar Turbines  Project management in a complex IT infrastructure environment. Managed medium to large projects with globally dispersed project teams employing Waterfall and Agile methodologies  • Facilitated 3 agile project teams as a Scrum Master  • Managed medium to large projects as a Project Manager  • Shared Resource Optimization Project  • Citrix Migration Project  • High Performance Cluster (HPC) Expansion Project  • Linux/Red Hat Security Hardening Project Sr. Technical Project Manager/Scrum Master Cox Communications January 2009 to December 2016 Program and project leadership of SDLC projects. Led efforts partnering with senior management, engineering and business clients to ensure timely deployment of project deliverables. Directed the activities of geographically distributed cross-functional teams (including off-shore).  • Data Center Consolidation Project  • Solution/Application Rationalization  • Identity & Access Management  • Data Migration Projects Technical Project/Program Manager Cox Communications January 2007 to January 2009 Project leadership for technical operations and infrastructure projects; Program leadership for the OSS transformation program. Responsible for planning, budgeting, tracking, hiring, and managing resources. Mentored and managed junior project managers, technical analysts and technical staff. Managed several concurrent projects for new technology deployment, data center relocation, infrastructure upgrade, NOC telemetry and network provisioning.  • Network Operations Center (NOC) OSS Program  • OSP Upgrade Project (Outside Plant)  • ISP Expansion Project (Inside Plant)  • Technical Product Deployment Projects (IP Voice, B2B Managed Services) Manager, Engineering & Operations Test Desk & OSS Cox Communications January 2004 to January 2007 • Planned, ordered, and provisioned backbone circuits to support internet traffic backhaul and interconnection.  • Managed relationships with LECs, CLECs, and IXCs.  • Managed POP deployments and moves.  • Managed a staff of 6 Engineers and 4 Technicians.  • Oversaw the provisioning of residential and commercial telecommunications services.  • Managed technical support teams for commercial and residential customers Network Planning Engineer Cox Communications January 2001 to January 2004 Responsible for managing network capacity for telecommunications, broadband, and optical fiber networks. Provided input to annual capital budget process. Analyzed and tracked network performance and recommended augments and optimizations as required.  • Fiber management  • Colocation and POP deployments  • Telephone Traffic Engineering  • Node move/node split projects Sr Central Office January 1995 to January 2001 Technician Cox Communications  Responsible for the installation, turn up, configuration, and maintenance, and repair of Telecommunications Center systems and equipment.  • Central Office migration projects  • Tower decommission projects.  • Inside plant wiring  • Fiber splicing and termination Education MBA University of Redlands B.S. in Information Systems University of Phoenix Skills Microsoft Office (10+ years), Microsoft Project (10+ years), Jira (7 years), Microsoft TFS & VSTS (4 years), SDLC (5 years), Agile (5 years), Scrum (5 years), Matrix (10+ years), Business Process Improvement (5 years), Government Relations (1 year), Project Management (10+ years) Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) November 2013 to November 2022 PMP #1671882 ITIL v3 April 2014 to Present Certified ScrumMaster (CSM) June 2014 to Present