Sr. Program/ Project Manager Sr. Program/<span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Accomplished Program/ project Management Professional with strong Infrastructure Technology, software/systems engineering expertise and background in managing multiple complex projects, establishing priorities, leveraging technology to meet both tactical and strategic business needs. West Chicago, IL Knowledge includes, network infrastructure technology, Microsoft Windows Server OS 2003, 2008, 2012, IIS, SQL Servers, Office/O365, Exchange, Active Directory, Oracle Database, MS SQL, VMWare Platforms and API Based Platforms  * Diverse background includes ability to analyze current and emerging technologies, recommend solutions to meet the business requirements.  * Extensive knowledge of Internet infrastructure, expansion and seamless integration of emerging technologies in a large user community.  Pharmacyclics an AbbVie November 2018 - Present  Sr. Program/ Project Manager  • Manage and Lead all phases of technology infrastructure projects from concept through implementation, including:  * Microsoft Office 365/ Exchange Migration from On-Prem to O365 Tenant  * Consolidation of SharePoint On-Prem environment  * Designed and implemented migration strategy according to the parent organization's requirements  * Consolidated Active Directory domain environment  * Procurement, Data center operations, Environment validation and maintenance.  • Manage and prioritizes the project work streams, work with stakeholder to determine project definition and business requirements.  • Maintaining Project tracking, validations and cutover of key infrastructure activities with multiple technical and business teams.  • Managing and conducting large scale project management across multiple regions and disciplines.  • Maintain awareness of best practices and competitive intelligence  • Responsible for budget analysis, resource allocation and coordination of project activities across functional areas within the organization.  • Concurrently and seamlessly leading many projects simultaneously.  • Provide guidance on change requests, manage SMEs to ensure services delivery is aligned with customer needs and minimizes risk. Work Experience Sr. Program/ Project Manager Pharmacyclics, an AbbVie Company - Sunnyvale, CA November 2018 to 2019 Pharmacyclics an AbbVie        November 2018 - Present  Sr. Program/ Project Manager  ·         Manage and Lead all phases of technology infrastructure projects from concept through implementation, including:  §  Microsoft Office 365/ Exchange Migration from On-Prem to O365 Tenant  §  Consolidation of SharePoint On-Prem environment  §  Designed and implemented migration strategy according to the parent organization’s requirements   §  Consolidated Active Directory domain environment  §  Procurement, Data center operations, Environment validation and maintenance.   ·         Manage and prioritizes the project work streams, work with stakeholder to determine project definition and business requirements.  ·         Maintaining Project tracking, validations and cutover of key infrastructure activities with multiple technical and business teams.  ·         Managing and conducting large scale project management across multiple regions and disciplines.  ·         Maintain awareness of best practices and competitive intelligence  ·         Responsible for budget analysis, resource allocation and coordination of project activities across functional areas within the organization.  ·         Concurrently and seamlessly leading many projects simultaneously.  ·         Provide guidance on change requests, manage SMEs to ensure services delivery is aligned with customer needs and minimizes risk. Sr. Program/ Project Manager State Of Wisconsin - Department of Administration Enterprise Technology October 2015 to November 2018 • Managed all phases of technology infrastructure projects from concept through implementation and maintenance, including optimization and consolidation program activities, Active Directory Migration, Windows 10 Upgrade, Tools Deployment and Implementation, VMWare Virtual Infrastructure (ESX servers & vCenter), storage, network, cloud platform, network security services and disaster recovery.  • Lead multiple cross-functional enterprise level projects utilizing standard project management industry practices and methodologies  • Managed project scope, track budget, define roles and responsibilities of all project resources  • Developed and structure detailed project Plans and managed the project execution and completion.  • Maintained project documents on SharePoint including: Project Plans, Charters, Contracts, SOWs, proposals, budgets & plans, schedules, project review materials, reports, deliverables, invoices and agreements.  • Built and maintained relationships with vendors and other agency resources involved in the projects.  • Created and implemented communication plan and directions on all project action items and requirements.  • Facilitated meetings with agency clients to gather requirements and made recommendations for project tasks and schedule.  • Played key role in executing and maintaining Microsoft and other Vendor Contracts / statement of works, contract management and renewals.  • Document risks/issues and develop mitigation plans. Sr. IT Project Manager Iyka Enterprises, Inc August 2013 to September 2015 • Responsible for planning and managing small to large-scale projects.  • Establish and maintained trusted advisor relationships with project stakeholders by providing vision and future product roadmap  • Manage project resources, timelines, track project milestones and present status reports and updates to all stakeholders involved.  • Participated in developing and maintaining detailed knowledge of the business's current technology and infrastructure from a functional perspective  • Provided guidance concerning business implications of Salesforce.com development projects  • Interfaced with of business, including management, and internal resources to ensure quality, timeliness, and testing of all project and release work  • Lead project release management activities for complex integration  • Worked with CRM client team to develop appropriate development and testing plans to ensure user acceptance, data quality, and system integrity.  • Managed, review and approval of the Quality Assurance activities, strategy, approach, and plans with leads along with testing results and defects to determine/assess impact to overall project plan and implementation schedule.  • Served as consultant to internal business groups on process improvement projects designed to improve their business results  • Managed and monitored progress of multiple projects concurrently from initiation through delivery process, coordinated and executed test plans.  • Created and Maintained project documentation using Project Management tools including MS Project, Project Server 2010, SharePoint, Office/O365 and Visio.  • Coordinated and managed projects with off-shore contractors.  • Lead and Developed Request for Proposal (RFP) process & bid specification, facilitated requirements gathering, analyzing the pricing responses, performed Bid analysis and presented results to the stakeholders Senior Consultant/ Project Manager Preferred Hospitality - Indianapolis, IN 2010 to July 2013 • Managed and implemented Information Technology projects; Install & Support servers running Windows/2003.  • Provided technical support for all IT issues relating to Wi-Fi, computers and laptops, running Win XP & Office 2007.  • Implemented Technology solutions including wireless connectivity in support of Hospitality information strategies  • Provides technical support to ongoing technology-based initiatives. Serves as the project manager in overseeing the design, development, testing, and implementation of new and upgraded business systems. Implementation Project Manager JPMorgan Chase Bank - Chicago, IL February 2005 to December 2009 Chicago, IL. - February 2005 - December 2009  GTI CLIENT TECHNOLOGY SERVICES Implementation Services  Implementation Project Manager  • Managed and lead small to large scale projects of significant complexity  • Project Portfolio included Infrastructure, Desktop, and Strategic Data Center Consolidation/Migrations projects  • Oversee Strategic Data Center Migration Program to ensure the project timelines are met and monitoring the hardware needs for the migrations, including the Exchange Conversion  • Collaborated with Portfolio Managers and Upper Management with the yearly Strategic Data Center Migration Planning for Client Technology Services 2009/2010 Migration projects.  • Played a key role in Storage Area Network / Network Attached Storage Refresh Project, representing the Global Desktop Services group that included Notes. Our objective was to migrate and decommissioning 9 SAN frames from 6 Major Data Center locations throughout North America  • Conducted physical and logical site surveys to collect data on installed Information Technology systems and services.  • Instrumental in assembling and providing guidance to the Project team with Project Methodology, Technology elements and banking processes.  • Manage project resource allocation, schedule project timelines, tracked project deliverables and present report updates including project status, risks and issues involved to all stakeholders  • Define and developed project tasks, facilitate requirements gathering, project scope and project budget planning  • Identified and mitigated risks and issues by implementing and managing project changes to accomplish the goals.  • Managed and established migration planning for the removal of 1288 Client Technology Services servers at 11 sites within 2009. Objective was to exit major Data Centers, resulted in $350,000 savings in hardware procurement by utilizing refurbished hardware.  • Participated in the development of business cases with the budgets in the range of 2 - 4.5 Million Dollars Senior System Engineer JPMorgan Chase Bank April 2000 to January 2005 • Managed, prioritized and lead projects, maintained system architecture, disaster recovery and change management documentation.  • Designed, planned & implemented enterprise-wide system and networking solutions to meet the business/technical objectives, including Servers/Storage Area Networks (SANs) and Off-Site Replication for Disaster Recovery  • Managed Data Migration process and documentation on both Windows and Novell environment  • Responsible for complying with change management, configuration management, and quality assurance standards    Major Projects and Accomplishments:  • Participate in design and implementation of Disaster Recovery / Business Continuity projects.  • Played key role in designing and implementing Problem Analysis framework and methodology.  • Played leadership role in decommissioning Bank One Legacy environment. LAN/WAN Analyst JPMorgan Chase Bank November 1993 to March 2000 • Servers Security Reporting, Firewall/DMZ Management, Incident Reporting, LAN/WAN Security Assessments and Reviews.  • A wide range of system management and administration for Windows and Novell Netware Servers in a large distributed multi servers environment using full RAID technology.  • Managed, supervised Help Desk Staff and assisted other technical groups on projects and rollouts.  • Maintained service and support agreements with all system vendors and service providers.    Major Projects and Accomplishments:  • Successfully lead the team in designing NDS Tree, Install Netware Servers in multiple locations nationwide.  • Installed and develop the Backup/Disaster Recovery strategy, develop a policy package using ZEN Works. Network Support Specialist College Of County - Grayslake, IL October 1990 to October 1993 • Installed and Managed Servers on local area network, which consisted of Netware 3.11  • Established and Managed 26 Computer Labs, provided total support for over 500 PCs at two different locations of the college campus in LAN environment.  • Supervised and trained Divisional Computer Lab Supervisor and Lab Assistants. Managed service vendors relationship and evaluated cost effectiveness of acquisitions  Core Competencies  • Product Management  • Managed Services  • Training & Mentoring    • Supply Chain Services  • Enterprise Integration  • Change & Release Management    • Development Methodologies  • Requirements Analysis  • Strategic Planning Education B.S in Chemistry & Biology KARACHI UNIVERSITY 1982 Skills Pmbok, Pmp, Authentication, Disaster recovery, Itil, Active directory, Data center, Dns, Nas, Networking, Tcp/ip, Dhcp, It infrastructure, Tcp, Sharepoint, Ms project, Visio, Data analytics, Data governance, Data management Additional Information ? Accomplished Program/ project Management Professional with strong Infrastructure Technology, software/systems engineering expertise and background in managing multiple complex projects, establishing priorities, leveraging technology to meet both tactical and strategic business needs.  ? Extensive experience in development of IT strategies, process re-engineering, policy and procedure development, disaster recovery planning and implementation, data migration, privacy and security guidelines.  ? Experienced in negotiating and managing large-scale vendor agreements and stays current with emerging technologies.  Recognized by management for polished interpersonal skills and building strong productive business partnerships.    Additional skills include:  * Over 29 years of experience in Project Management, Program Management, Data Center Site Analysis, assessment, Data Center Migration, Consolidations and Decommissions. Business Systems & Strategies, Negotiating, Risk Management, Change Management, Root Cause Analysis, Quality Assurance, Performance Metrics, Meeting Facilitation and Skilled Leadership.  * Experienced in project management activities like engagement execution within a formal Statement of Work to drive expected performance in terms of project process and outcomes to customers satisfaction  * Skillful in Feasibility Study, Project estimation exercises, preparing project management plans, project schedules, status reports and tracking/monitoring the progress of the project until implementation.  * Lead many Acquisition & Integration, IT infrastructure and software/systems engineering projects, including Data Centers consolidation / decommissioning, Active Directory Consolidation, Multi Factor Authentication strategy and CRM deployment, Network optimization, Disaster Recovery, setting up new sites, migrating users, data and equipment.  * Successfully directs and coordinates activities of project teams and subcontractors on large programs to ensure successful outcomes  * Proven leadership and team-building skills, coupled with the ability to direct strong teams in managing an internal relationship across multiple lines of businesses and process standardization, automation and risk management.  * The Data portfolio consists of Data Governance, Data Management, Data Warehouse, Data Analytics (including Data Science, Cognitive Computing, etc.), and Data Visualization.  * Monitor work flow and performance of project team members and provide guidance and feedback on assignments.  * Knowledge of industry standards and best practices dealing with Data Management, Data Analytics and Cognitive Computing.  * Experience in working with and managing external vendors, including Microsoft.  * Extensive experience in core PM tools including MS Project, Project Server 2010, Smartsheet, SharePoint, O365, Visio and Innotas.  * Excellent erudition of Scrum, Waterfall and Agile methodologies of (SDLC)  * Knowledge of PMBOK and Project Management, PMP / ITIL principles and practices  * Strong understanding of Networking concepts, including TCP/IP configurations, DNS, DHCP, SAN, NAS, ISCSI and Isilon storage systems.