Cook Cook Kerrville, TX I'm seeking a team member position in a professional atmosphere performing essential tasks to the organization's mission. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Cook Monroe's East End Grill - Kerrville, TX November 2018 to Present Prepare meals to order specifications and according to health department standard. Prep ingredients for storage. Maintain clean workstation. Project Manager Independent Contractor/Roofing and Remodeling - USA August 2002 to September 2017 Develop new business by cold calling potential customers to generate leads. Manage subsequently signed contracted projects from the beginning phase of estimating and ordering materials needed, coordinating labor for installation, quality inspection and finally collection of payment for completed projects. Server/Bartender/ Manager Sol's Taco Lounge - Dallas, TX May 1994 to August 2002 Provided excellent customer service according to health code specifications serving food and drinks on the dining room and at the bar. Supervised floor and kitchen staff as well as nightly audits if checkout reports and cash. Completed nightly managers report of sales and counted cash and deposited into safe. Began as food server while finishing school and then returned for extra money after graduation and finding employment in the industry. Accountant/ IT Director Total POS Solutions - Dallas, TX April 1996 to May 2002 Began as an intern responsible for serving the resellers of company products. Till on accounting responsibilities and shipping products to merchants signed by the reseller network. Promoted to IT Director responsible for company wide systems and networking. Managed the company's Access database and electronic drafting of merchant account as well as electronic payments of residuals to resellers using the database query module. Developed reporters in Access for sales and residuals statements to merchants and resellers. Education Bachelor's in Finance Southern Methodist University - Dallas, TX August 1996 to December 1998 Business Richland Community College - Dallas, TX August 1993 to May 1996 Business Northlake Community College - Irving, TX August 1992 to May 1993 High school Lakeview Centennial High School - Garland, TX August 1983 to May 1987 Skills Project Management (10+ years), Customer Service (10+ years), Restoration (10+ years), Bi-Lingual Spanish (10+ years), Estimating (10+ years), MS Outlook (6 years), Scheduling (10+ years), Sales (10+ years), Budget (10+ years), MS Word (10+ years), MS Access (4 years), MS Excel (10+ years), Networking and Routing (10+ years), Installing and Terminating CAT5 (10+ years), Electrical Installation and Repair (10+ years), Carpentry (10+ years), Peachtree Accounting (1 year), Quickbooks (6 years) Assessments Customer Service Skills — Proficient August 2018 Measures a candidate's skill in evaluating approaches to customer service & satisfaction. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/odkctjc2krjsgorz Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information Fluent in Spanish (reading, writing, speaking).  Enjoy outdoors activities and team sports.  Horsemanship hobbyist.