Chief Technical Officer Chief Technical Officer Northglenn, CO Secure a position in a fast-paced environment with many challenges and opportunities to succeed. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Chief Technical Officer PersonalHD.net - Denver, CO February 2016 to Present • Responsible for all business operations.  • Established relationships with clients to establish secure networks and data.  • Serviced Server and Workstation systems to maximize uptime.  • Enforced company policies and HIPAA compliance with regards to computer systems. Project Manager PersonalHD.net - Denver, CO May 2017 to October 2017 • Responsible for producing leads and converting to contracted clients.  • Met with insurance adjusters to establish a scope of work for storm restoration.  • Coordinated product drops and labor crews to perform the scope of work.  • Filed final paperwork to insurance to release payment agreed upon for work performed. IT Consultant Proactive Services - Burlington, IA March 2014 to March 2016 Head Technician: TechPhD  • Responsible for intake of systems, consulting with customers, and resolving issues with end-users.  • Educated clients on various aspects of computing, including software, printers and other devices.  • Advised customers of possible upgrades or replacement systems for outdated or failed hardware.  • Responsible for invoicing and receiving money for completed systems.    Proactive Services Lead  • Responsible for implementing and monitoring cloud-based backup services for home and business clients.  • Implemented monitoring software to administrate backups for VCS Cloud services and Carbonite backups.  • Responsible for problem resolution and error checking for clients enrolled in proactive service plans.  • Aided in recovery for clients experiencing catastrophic hardware failure resulting in lost data. Education High School Diploma West Burlington High School - West Burlington, IA 2003 to 2007 Skills Microsoft Office (10+ years), Microsoft Operating Systems (10+ years), Microsoft Server (5 years), Linux Server (3 years) Certifications/Licenses A+ Certified March 2016 to March 2018