IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager - BA- Cyber and Physical Security Portfolio Management Carrollton, TX Strategic, focused, and business oriented professional equipped with extensive Project: management, coordination, and administrative skills. Experienced Business Analyst with IT skills and experiences  - Experienced in establishing productive relationships with partners and customers, with a solid track record of improving client relations  - Accomplished researcher and intuitive individual that is instrumental in strategizing the execution phases, and deliverables, of the systems development life cycle of any project    KNOWLEDGE BASE  • Advanced Microsoft Suite Proficiencies in:  ? Excel: Intermediate experiences with Graphs and Charts, Conditional Formatting, Filtering, Absolute Cell Reference, PivotTable, VLookup, Concatenate, IF Functions, and other formulas and functions.  ? SharePoint: File and Documentation Storage and Management, Access and Permissions Management, Lists, Categories, and Topics Creation and Management, Check-in and Check-out Management, Versioning Histories and Properties Editing, Calendar and Team Coordination and Collaborations  ? Outlook: WebEx, Skype, Calendar, Meeting Scheduling, Scheduling Assistant, Distribution Groups, Mail Recalls, Rules Managing, Alerts, Categories, and Archiving.  ? Word: Page Orientation and Sizes, Text and Paragraph Formatting and Editing, Changes Track, Inserts, Compare and Combine, Text Wrapping, Smart Arts, and Watermarks.  ? PowerPoint: Graphical Presentations, Illustrative Chart and Data, Slide and Text Effects, Slide Projection, Voice Recording, and Narration.  ? Visio: Diagrams, Organization Charts, Building Plans, and Illustrate Business Processes.  ? Project: Start New Projects, Gantt Chart, Plan Tasks, Assign Resources, Track Milestones, Update Progress, View and Report Information, and Close Out Projects.  • Advanced user of PC/Windows and other associated Operating Systems  • Extensive Project Management and Business Analyst Experience  • Advanced Experience with Word Processing and Typing. Minutes Taking. Office Equipment Operation. Filing and Data Archiving  • Excellent Oral and Written Communication Skills. Presentation, Research, Problem Solving, and Analytical Skills  • User Experience with Site Handler, Sitera, Integrated Field Management (IFM), Integrated Project Management (IPM), Clarity Work Experience IT Project Manager BA- Cyber and Physical Security Portfolio Management January 2019 to Present • Provide Analytical, Management, and Research Support to IT Banking Activities including Data Collection, Analysis and IT Project Management  • Undertake Data Collection and Analysis for Progress Reporting, Success and Progress Metrics Statusing and Updating, Business Case Constructing, Portfolio Developing, Project Initiating, and Marketing Initiatives  • Analyze and Understand Business and Data Requirements. And Translate those Requirements to Upgrading System and Business Processes.  • Assist in Implementing Technology Solutions in a Cost-Effective way by Determining the Requirements of a Project or Program, and Communicating them clearly to Sakeholders, Facilitators and Partners.  • Provide Consulting Services, Planning and Executing Customer Projects, Executing Day-to-Day Progress Reporting, and Liaise with Leadership, Senior Management, Finance Department, and other Technical Staff PNC BANK, Texas March 2016 to Present IT Program Coordinator- Applications/ Software May 2017 to December 2018 Oracle Identity Manager (OIM) Onboarding  • Plan, Schedule, and Oversee Onboarding of Applications with Sensitive PII Information into OIM to manage user access privileges  • Create, Track, Analyze, and Manage Data for entire project scope, and all related work efforts  • Ensure Data Integrity. Participate in Data Quality Control and Validation. Produce Requirements Documents for various Business Development Activities.  • Organize, Manage, and Successfully Coordinate with a diverse and dynamic team of planners, architects, engineers, designers, executives, and support staff IT Project Manager- Network and Infrastructure Retail Branches Voice March 2016 to April 2017 Data, and Network Upgrade  • Develop integrated baseline project plans applying estimating models, identify resources and skills required, document estimating assumptions, refine plans and manage performance against them.  • Plan, Schedule, and Oversee Network Upgrades by Managing WAN Turn Ups, LAN Conversions, and VoIP telephony porting with Session Initiation Protocol (SIP).  • Oversee Blackouts, Monitoring, and Maintenance of New and Legacy Equipment, and Decommissioning of Legacy Devices.  • Manage project scope by assessing requirements changes, determining and conveying impact on budget, time and risk- Recommend best solutions based on understanding of business issues.  • Plan and Oversee necessary Site Remediations essential to meeting project delivery goals.  • Communicate with, Drive, and Maintain vendor relationships with Installation and Deployment Vendors.  • Capture and track program metrics and perform analysis- Document and archive project activities, deliverables, tools and findings for future projects. Senior Telecom Project Coordinator NOKIA, Texas August 2014 to February 2016 Project Quality Control- Quality Control Center Manager for Sites Close Out.  • Oversee, guide, and coach the Quality Control Center team, and daily activities of the QCC.  • Manage the maintenance and updating of milestones' plans, forecasts, and actuals, along with documentation for all activities in IFM based on triggers from the Project  • Control the data consistency and accuracy of the Quality and Site Closeout of the project by owning, managing, and maintaining all related milestones in IPM.  • Support the Project Team by directly handling request, queries, escalations, and providing daily accuracy of processes, changes, developments, and other relevant project information.  • Support the project planning process for all project management disciplines during initial project setup and during consequent execution.  • Monitor, receive and update information relevant to the rollout activities. And report, review and control progress to assure commitments are achieved. Medical Project Coordinator ST. JUDE MEDICAL, Texas December 2013 to August 2014 External Market Expansion Specialist for medical devices in Latin America.  • Work with the Quality System group to request document numbers and release controlled documents.  • Produce and coordinate the market expansion documentation.  • Create and release final country configuration spreadsheets.  • Assist prioritization and reporting of market expansion projects.  • Organize meeting to facilitate market expansions.  • Perform other related duties and functions, on occasion, as assigned or required. Telecom Project Administrator ERICSSON, Texas June 2013 to December 2013 Sites Close Out Specialist  • Work with project teams to identify and track milestones by site  • Track and compile project information and prepare status reports for the Project Manager  • Follow-up and drive progress of close out packages work  • Update and maintain technical databases, and generate reports  • Review and reconcile project issues at the request of the Project Manager  • Assist Project Manager with tracking, updating, reporting, and all other project related activities Senior Telecom Project Coordinator L.I.M.E March 2006 to December 2012 Project Coordinator for all Sales and Marketing Projects within the Eastern Caribbean  • Assist with documentation, scheduling, budgeting, and updating of project plans  • Assist with preparing and supporting project meetings, project research reports, technical reports, and exhibits of project research findings  • Assist with information collection and validations, documents and data stores, and preparing status reports and presentations  • Support the project planning process for departmental projects during initial project setup, and during execution  • Communicate and facilitate the flow of information between employees, project groups, and all other personnel  • Assist and maintain a detailed project schedule which includes all administrative tasks involved in the project Education Master of Science degree in Technology Management Texas A&M University December 2012 Bachelors of Social Sciences Degree in Government and International Affairs University of Guyana May 2004 High School Diploma Georgetown High School June 2000 Skills Outlook, Scheduling, budget, Estimating, Maintenance