Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager Littleton, CO Sponsorship required to work in the US Work Experience Project Manager Optum Healthcare 2017 to Present Managed Go-To-Market projects, responsible for leading the implementation of highly complex changes and new functionality to a Mainframe environment for enterprise financial and reporting systems. Utilized hybrid methodology of scrum and waterfall. Program Manager IBM GLOBAL BUSINESS SERVICES - Denver, CO February 2016 to December 2016 Provide leadership and facilitation to Infrastructure Enterprise Computing Model (ECM) migrating Servers and Middleware to Blue Cloud target environments. ECM's goal is to visualize workloads, drive operational savings and relieve green constraints while delivering high-quality service efficiently and preparing IBM for future growth. Utilizing hybrid Agile methodologies.  • Managed programs using ECM processes, with detailed project plans, risk management plans, cost management, and change management.  • Oversaw project status communication to all stakeholders, including users, sponsors, and executive management. Facilitated daily meetings, ensuring issue resolution. Senior Project Manager Xcel Energy IBM GLOBAL BUSINESS SERVICES - Denver, CO January 2015 to February 2016 Provided leadership as IT Manager for Financial Operations, Proactive Monitoring, Business Systems Apps for Xcel Energy. Responsible for all aspects of technology planning, implementation, compliance, support, performance. Strategic business partner for technology roadmap development to align with business area's needs.  • Directed and managed team for Work Asset Management Program, also an innovative wireless/mobility voice and data project to notify customers of any outages. Set priorities defined by business, scope, dependencies, risks, and issues, ensuring implementations were on time, within scope, budget with quality.  • Established rapport and built credibility with business areas supported as well as vendor relations, building trust and confidence with the Clients.  • Administered operating budget within defined budget and forecast, addressing gaps as appropriate, providing creative solutions for staffing levels, and meeting financial targets through use of global resources. Project Manager Express Scripts, MEDCO IBM GLOBAL BUSINESS SERVICES - Franklin Lakes, NJ May 2011 to January 2015 Minneapolis, MN  Express Scripts, Medco Merger Transition Program  Express Scripts Holding Company is the largest pharmacy benefit management company in North America. As a Delivery Lead, served as single point of contact for IT projects representing client's IT execution organization for coordinating project work from requirements phase to implementation phase to deliver Health Care Reform projects and Go-To-Market projects, responsible for leading the implementation of highly complex changes and new functionality to a Mainframe environment for enterprise financial and reporting systems. Utilized hybrid methodology of scrum and waterfall.  • Worked in concert with client BSA and PM, driving projects to completion following ESI technical and business processes and methodologies.  • Worked with BSA and PM, ensuring scope outlined in business and functional requirements documents were aligned with scope of business developers as stated in the charter.  • Ensured client satisfaction of all IT deliverables, including design solution, within scope of the project plan.  • Kept abreast of changes in policy for the Affordable Care Act, understood impact to pharmaceutical claims processing.  • Liaised between client IT capability development, testing, and release management cross functional teams impacted for each project, as well as with Senior Leadership for both IT and business organizations within ESI and ESI clients.  • Utilized following tools: Project Tracking System (PTS), Clear Quest, Remedy, MS Office, MS Visio, MS Project, MS Office Enterprise Project Management Solution (SharePoint), Clarity. IT Healthcare Project Manager-Consultant ISTONISH CORPORATION - Denver, CO 2009 to 2010 Project Manager responsible for Spear heading project initiatives from sales through project completion for Service Delivery Projects for Electronic Health Records System (EHR/EMR) selection and implementation for Critical Access Hospital, and Clinics. Planned and managed Projects, ensuring work is complete according to design specifications, Budget, Schedule and Quality. Analysis of all business processes with requirements gathering and creation of business documents. Managed project with direct vendor management and customer communications throughout the project. Development of RFP, analysis and recommendations for software, wireless and hardware. Managed team and experienced dealing with infrastructure project, including the servers and storage systems for development of new EMR and services. Communication to management as to current status, issues, risks and other pertinent data.  • Oversaw all phases of system development lifecycle - planning, analysis, development, testing, implementation, and post implementation support.  • Utilized PMO processes (modeled after the "PMI Method") for delivering quality deliverables.  • Performed PMO quality and process assurance reviews and work product compliance reviews. Project Manager Consultant HEALTHGRADES - Denver, CO 2008 to 2009 Project Manager for web based company providing ratings of health care providers. Managed Software development projects. Healthcare IT Project Manager Colorado Department of HEALTHCARE POLICY & FINANCE - Denver, CO 2005 to 2008 Project Manager responsible for implementing the HIPAA mandated National Provider Identifier (NPI) for the State of Colorado Medicaid System (MMIS).  • Oversaw all phases of facilitating the NPI project.  • Facilitated the Vendor contracted software builds, status reporting and financial reporting.  • Mentored, coached, and presented to PM colleagues on project management fundamentals of Project.  • Recognized for delivering projects under budget, on schedule, and meeting all project objectives.  • Training of Healthcare Providers on NPI rules and applications. IT Project Manager Alumni Consulting - Denver, CO 1998 to 2005 Managed several high-visibility projects within Finance, Delivery, Energy Supply, and Retail organizations, as well as projects within Distributed Systems. Projects included system integration, implementing mainframe projects, Passport Supply Chain and Work Management System, Capital Asset Accounting System, and Application Consolidation.  • Managed all phases of system development lifecycle - planning, analysis, development, testing, implementation, and post implementation support.  • Utilized PMO processes for delivering quality deliverables.  • Performed PMO quality and process assurance reviews and work product compliance reviews.  • Mentored, coached, and presented at lunch and learns to PM colleagues on project management fundamentals. Education Masters of Science in Computer Information Systems Regis University - Denver, CO 2005 Bachelors of Science in Management Systems Metropolitan State University - Denver, CO 1996 Skills Project Management, PMP, PM, SDLC, Agile Scrum, PMI, Waterfall, Scrum Master Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) January 2010 to January 2022 Project Management Institute PMP Certified ScrumMaster (CSM) December 2016 to December 2019 Scrum Alliance Driver's License Assessments Verbal Communication — Familiar December 2018 Measures a candidate's ability to effectively convey information when speaking. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/5-waamsxpeyd-rib Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.