Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager Oklahoma City, OK Information Technology professional with expertise in IT service delivery, project management and process improvement in the Healthcare and Federal Government industries. Highly organized with a focus on managing multiple priorities and exceeding customer expectations. Strengths in cross-functional team management, performance analysis, leadership and training. Department of Defense Secret Clearance certified. Work Experience Project Manager Revenue Management Solutions (RMS) 2018 to 2019 2018 - 2019  RMS is a healthcare technology company tailored to streamline and eliminate the manual processes related to receivables posting and reconciliation for healthcare providers.    Project Manager  • Managed multifaceted projects used to deliver innovative solutions for complex reconciliation issues among various revenue cycle partners.  • Managed multiple, concurrent implementations in a cross-functional environment that focused on completion of project deliverables for client on-boarding.  • Gathered customer requirements, reviewed scope of work and distributed requirements to appropriate team members.  • Oversaw duration of projects to ensure deadlines and production schedules were met and within budget.  • Created and maintained plans with decisive milestones for all projects as well as timelines and work assignments.  • Analyzed business requirements and provided on-time project deliverables. IT Project Coordinator UnityBPO (Integris Health) 2017 to 2018 2017 - 2018  UnityBPO is the healthcare business process and technology contractor responsible for IT service delivery for Integris Health    IT Project Coordinator  • Created and analyzed various reports to identify performance issues and develop solutions.  • Reported compliance trends with improvement strategies to senior management.  • Tracked and analyzed monthly key performance indicators for trends.  • Coordinated and facilitated IT Field Operations team projects and day to day operations.  • Analyzed business requirements and provided on-time project deliverables.  • Provided ad hoc reporting analytical support to all areas of operations. Regional Queue Manager Hewlett-Packard Enterprise 2014 to 2016 HPE is the information technology contractor for the Department of Defense, responsible for maintaining the NMCI (Navy Marine Corps Intranet) network.    Regional Queue Manager  • Provided leadership, direction and guidance to a staff of 20 geographically located managers, responsible for monitoring and maintaining ticket queues for over 400 technicians.  • Managed escalations for technicians and managers for various IT service delivery and QMS issues.  • Conducted weekly audits to ensure adherence to business processes and procedures.  • Acted as Subject Matter Expert (SME) for newly implemented automated ticketing system. Client Services Manager I -IV Hewlett-Packard Enterprise 2006 to 2014 • Achieved Service Level Agreements (SLAs) and identified areas to improve service delivery and customer satisfaction for over 10,000 remote end users.  • Acted as liaison between government and service delivery team.  • Developed and analyzed various reports to identify errors and develop team solutions.  • Created and implemented processes and procedures for remote environment service delivery.  • Provided team training for newly implemented programs, processes and procedures.  • Collaborated with cross-functional teams and departments to improve customer support programs and overall satisfaction. Remote Queue Manager Hewlett-Packard Enterprise 2003 to 2006 • Provided queue management for 1800+ Navy and Marine sites throughout United States.  • Maintained ticket flows and procedures for the 20 member Remote Field Services team.  • Managed daily workload of 20 local and virtual team members.  • Monitored and maintained ticket queue to ensure timely review and processing.  • Developed and presented weekly and monthly status reports to senior management and team focusing on key performance indicators and trending analysis. Education Master of Business Administration in Project Management Keller Graduate School of Management Bachelor of Science in Computer Information Systems in Computer Information Systems DeVry University Skills Sharepoint, Itil, Remedy, Jira, Data analysis, Sme, Excel, Microsoft office, Training, Quality assurance, Scheduling, Outlook Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/carmendwhite Additional Information SKILLS    ? Project Management ? Reporting and Analysis ? Training/SME  ? ServiceNow ? Remedy ? Service Manager  ? JIRA ? Smartsheet ? Microsoft Office Suite/Excel  ? Quality Assurance ? SLA Management ? Data Analysis  ? SharePoint ? ITSM ? ITIL