IT Project Coordinator <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> Coordinator Project Manager /Published Author Providence, RI Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Coordinator Blueport Wireless Inc - Foxborough, MA September 2018 to June 2019 The Project Coordinator assists with the successful implementation and execution of Blueports's technology solutions. This detail-oriented position coordinates the planning, estimating, scheduling, ordering, installation, and follow-up stages for both new projects and upgrades. The Project Coordinator maintains and updates status logs on simultaneous technology projects and contributes to progress reports for clients and management.    • As the primary customer liaison, the VIPC ensures that all project objectives, timeframes, and budget goals are met  • Manage installation scheduling, reporting, and follow-up, including assigning task items to team members, tracking requests, and updating the overall project as needed  • Coordinate communications between multiple teams and stakeholders  • Assist with technical quality assurance and other go-live support as part of implementation services  • Participate in internal project management meetings  • Identify opportunities to improve project results. communications and operating efficiencies  • Willingness to travel to customer sites  • Coordinates with other Sub-Contracted vendors to deliver a seamless implementation  • Other duties as assigned Project Manager Royal Contract Lighting, Inc - Taunton, MA March 2016 to August 2018 Project Manager for a rapidly growing International company servicing the Design/Hospitality industry managing lighting projects from concept to delivery. My job is to be the command center and the brain of each project. I plan, budget, oversee and document all aspects of the specific project I am working on.    • Plan and manage the expectations of both external clients and internal staff up front in terms of Time and Cost. Assembling and leading project resource. Assign tasks and deadlines to ensure the project is delivered according to expectation  • Create schedules and project timeline, PM must define, schedule and accurately estimate the task duration to develop and maintain a realistic schedule for our clients  • Budget accordingly and ensure the project does not exceed the given budget in order to strive for a successful project.  • Quality and Satisfaction, be in constant communications with client and colleagues, reporting on progress and being open to their feedback to keep them happy and coming back to you with future projects  • Manage project issues and risks, be ready for them and work towards resolving them as quickly as possible before they take the project off-track  • Track Progress on a daily basis and update data base to make sure each individual project is progressing as planned  • Reporting and documentation, both on an overview level and individual project level. Constantly maintain accurate progress of each and every project. Project management RSi - Retail Solutions Inc - Providence, RI February 2012 to July 2015 Providence, RI February 2012 - July 2015  Customer Experience Analyst    Serve as a business analyst on the Retail Solutions Customer Experience team. The primary responsibilities include managing some of the world's largest consumer goods manufacturing companies, providing value-based services to our customers, assisting in our Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) applications, contributing to internal cross-functional projects, and performing all other business analyst related functions.    • Lead customer rollouts using project management methodologies to plan, execute and finalize implementation according to strict deadlines, keeping the customer aware of current project status  • Identify risk, understand potential impact and communicate to all stakeholders  • Manage customer expectations and deliverables while maintaining the continuously high customer satisfaction that RSi is known for  • Delivery of written and verbal communications while upholding RSi's Service Standards and Philosophy both internally and with customers  • Assist customers with integrating Excel reports into RSi products  • Research and diagnose incoming customer inquiries regarding data  • Provide functional support of inquiries related to RSI products  • Develop process documentation that can be leveraged by members of the Customer Experience Center  • Set up standard reports for new weekly/monthly reporting customers  • Assist customer with managing user profiles, including additions, modifications and removals  • Serve as business stakeholder for new product enhancements  • Project management  • Assist with service delivery where there are product gaps may exist  • Assist in new Customer Experience Center employee training  • Manage and Supervise group of Interns MoneyGram Project Marketing Manager - Merchandising Adecco/CVS Pharmacy - Woonsocket, RI 2006 to 2009 Primary responsibility was managing the MoneyGram project from inception to completion pertaining to installation and new equipment launches within the national retail chain and other marketing initiatives within a corporate retail setting.    • Created a marketing plan, rolled it out within specific deadlines all while maintaining within budget restraints.  • Incorporated Marketing Analysis skills to identify, monitor, and project strategy effectiveness while organizing and implementing a proactive marketing program.    • Responded to all field questions and be primary point person for technical/operational/marketing assistance when rollout occurred.  • Project manager for Albertson's Acquiation (Home Health Centers). Responsible for interpreting and providing the analytical detail of category and product performance, tracking product sales trends, reviewing margin, inventory turns and service level, building queries, supervising the preparation of category reviews.  • Recommended business decisions to category manager based on market data, internal sales and profitability.  • Maintained consistency in adhering to timelines and quality of work produced  • Met with vendors and Category Managers to review vendor performance, market trends, cost saving strategies and negotiations.  • Developed and implemented new email collection strategies through designated resources and maintaining consistency in adhering to timelines and quality of work produced. Project Manager Video Now Packaging Design Hasbro Inc - Pawtucket, RI 2005 to 2005 Pawtucket, RI 2005  Project Management for Packaging of Electronics Line    • Directed individual programs from initiation to completion, selecting qualified vendors.  • Managed numerous, recurring projects with different due dates, assets, and various requirements.  • Clarified timelines and supported departments in time and cost adherence. Updated all related areas on project status to prescribed timetable and costs.  • Conducted informational meetings to ensure all individuals we aligned with regards to roles. Reviewed and updated processes for team member training and process improvement.  • Organized and detailed-conscious to ensure a satisfied client; efficient leader with ability to multi-task; delivered projects on budget, excellent time management skills and ability to accurately forecast and meet within project specifications; maintained excellent vendor relations along with the ability to interact with all levels of personnel to help meet milestones. Forecasting Analyst & Territory Manager- Customer Service Quaker Fabric Corporation - Fall River, MA 1998 to 2005 • Originated and maintained customer forecasts.  • Performed contract reviews and the processing/maintenance of customer orders.  • Interfaced directly with Sales and customers to ensure delivery schedule; interacts with shipping to coordinate shipping instructions and arrange customer pick-up.  • Prepared reports required for customer reviews on a weekly basis.  • Performed concept development and presentations of marketing materials.  • Implemented varied and distinctive approaches to brand and position clients; interfaced well with staff to implement needed programs and smooth customer relations issues; employed an effective client presentation style. Education Master's in Business Administration in Business Administration Nichols College - Dudley, MA 2004 Bachelor of Arts degree in Communications in Communications Roger Williams University - Bristol, RI 1997 Associates Degree in Corporate Communications in Corporate Communications Bristol Community College - Fall River, MA 1993 Skills AS400 (Less than 1 year), Excel (3 years), Retail (7 years), RETAIL MARKETING (7 years), solutions. (3 years), PM, Project Management, CSM, Microsoft Applications (10+ years) Certifications/Licenses Driver's License Additional Information Summary of Application Skills  Intermediate to Advanced Microsoft Office Suite including Microsoft Project, Excel, Word and PowerPoint Intermediate Adobe Creative Suite, Quark, Rhomba; MRP;BPCS; AS400; Retail Solutions, ACNielsen and IRI Data, along with category map and Microstrategy programs.