Project Manager - Kettle Consulting <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> - Kettle Consulting Charlottesville, VA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager - Kettle Consulting Intarcia Therapeutics June 2016 to Present ? Developed and implemented a roadmap for SaaS products to stand up defect tracking, workflow management, team collaboration and metric tracking.  ? Implemented and successfully rolled out CiscoSpark, enabling a very effective presentation and communication platform.  ? Managed the implementation for customizing Samanage for defect tracking and metric capture. The tool quickly rolled up a very robust knowledge base which dramatically reduced the mean time to repair for critical path defects.  ? Developed robust Agile processes with strong KPI's to enable centers of excellence throughout the organization.  ? Led a team that successfully implemented JIRA and Puppet for a robust DevOps environment using ITIL best practices and provided robust organizational training to ensure consistent practice and vernacular.  ? Provided guidance and training for resources to develop and rollout GxP best practices Director, IT Software Development Johnson & Johnson April 2014 to June 2016 Managed and maintained a budget more than $2M, delivering strong ROI and measurable results  ? Created numerous documentation templates and partnered with 3rd party vendors to develop engagement guidelines and governance  ? Developed and collaborated on standing up a PMO for all of IT, complete with strong KPIs and lines of accountability  ? Created the SDLC scope and guidelines for all corporate application development for Agile and Waterfall methodologies  ? Defined the scope, LOE and required capability of all service lines supporting application development and testing streams within the organization using ITIL standards  ? Defined the scope, effort, and executed the complete future state business process models for all aspects of shared services for multiple lines of businesses  ? Stood up and created the DevOps framework pulling together disparate toolsets and rolling them up using Plutora, Puppet, Azure and others.  ? Completed the scalability and capacity study of our existing platforms to project participant impact to our existing systems over an 18-month span  ? Partnered with resources across the organization using the Agile framework to identify, capture and deliver on critical path capabilities for several lines of business  ? Worked with our development and testing partners to stand up and implement a robust Test-Driven Development capability that produced extremely high-quality software with little rework  ? Worked with several SCRUM masters to align program priorities with parallel roadmaps across the enterprise for radical transparency and quality delivery  ? Partnered with and aligned over 1500 resources made up of several consulting firms and FTE's to plan the complete client business migration  ? Drove planning and accountability to ensure contractual obligations were met or exceeded, ensuring customer delight and avoidance of costly contractual penalties  ? Authored the contractual language governing performance guarantees relative to system availability cycles across the entire application portfolio  ? Led the scoping, documentation, planning and execution for the complete data transfer process for multiple organizations  ? Supported several different areas with subject matter expertise and guidance on architectural direction, application utilization and roll out timelines, relative to training and application adoption  ? Facilitated and participated in joint road map development, budget planning and change management Director, Information Technology CVS Health - Providence, RI January 2007 to April 2014 ? Pioneered and stood up the entire capacity planning capability for CVS Health across all areas of our business to ensure ample horizontal capacity across the asset portfolio  ? Proactively managed an 8-million-dollar budget to enhance, sunset, train, and roll out brand new systems in existing mail order pharmacies  ? Worked with senior leaders across the enterprise to status and present progress, milestones and targets relative to an accelerated, extremely high visibility road map  ? Drove numerous critical path SOW's and infrastructure purchases totaling 26 million dollars to harden the production environment prior to volume impact  ? Developed a very robust application demand modeling tool leveraging robust reporting and process rigor and unparalleled cooperation between the business and IT for all future volume projections  ? Leveraged statistical, logarithmic analytical standards for modeling current state and future state behavior, updating data sets every month to determine impact on the portfolio and identifying downstream ''hot spots'' for remediation  ? Extensive process development, implementation and execution leveraging industry best practices and standards  ? Implemented strict change management guidelines to eliminate confusion and shorten workflow cycle time Manager, R&D Software Intervoice - Dallas, TX March 2005 to January 2007 ? Worked closely with organizational stakeholders and product management to develop, design, and deliver new products from customer requirements leveraging VOIP, SIP, SS7, VoiceXML, CCXML, SCXML, IMS, Java, Weblogic, Tomcat and Eclipse  ? Evaluated offerings against the competitive market and customer needs to guide strategy  ? Managed and developed relationships with user advisory boards and product governance to ensure product integrity, use case and requirements capture, and product roadmap consistency  ? Presented or presided over numerous product feature demonstrations to internal and external audiences, setting expectations and demonstrating product development progress  ? Implemented unified process for organizational matrix management and agile development for iterative milestone product delivery  ? Analyzed and documented affected business processes and requirements for preparation of accurate time and effort estimates  ? Created project plans and managed thirteen functional employees through technical design, coding, testing, implementation and closure  ? Organized stakeholders to work in parallel, manage deliverables, and improve communication to streamline better product management  ? Empowered developers to work beyond their job descriptions to get involved and provide feedback to facilitate more robust ideas and product solutions  ? Worked closely with product marketing to create robust product messages and new product branding to improve the usability of legacy products  ? Implemented training methodologies to take advantage of new features and best practices for better application development Manager, R&D Software Lucernex - Dallas, TX April 2004 to March 2005 ? Led a team of fourteen developers to create a real estate planning system using Java/J2EE with JSP, Orion (J2EE Server) and SQL Server  ? This is a system used for full life cycle site development from site acquisition to opening  ? Implemented Release Management methodologies to optimize release processes  ? Utilized UML for the product architecture and technical direction to support a robust and scalable product suite  ? Defined standards and tools for software development using unified and agile processes for software development  ? Created Resource Allocation procedures that enabled developers to utilize their time effectively  ? This process reduced developer allocation expenditures by nearly 40  ? Established repeatable processes for regular delivery of high-quality software products  ? Worked closely with other departments to scope products and projects to meet business requirements for functionality, reliability, performance and time-to-market Manager, IT Broadlane - Dallas, TX September 2002 to April 2004 ? Created a fully functional transaction utilization tool used by senior management to track order metrics across 700 hospitals and provide dashboard visibility for order SLA adherence, spend, line items, and a myriad of other statistics  ? Implemented several automated processes for release management, development, software builds and deployment  ? Led the re-design and development of a system that utilized Java, BEA Weblogic (J2EE Server), JSP's, and XML to create a fully functional system integrated B2B online transaction processing platform using EAI methodologies that processed nearly 6000 transactions per day  ? Developed a production support infrastructure and staffing plan  ? Successfully allocated resources and completed bug fixes resulting in a 70% reduction in re-opened and duplicated software defects Education Bachelor of Business Administration in Business Administration The University of Oklahoma Skills retail sales, Word, training, budget, Strategic Planning Additional Information Named to the Who's Who List of the Most Admired Professionals for 2018