IT Delivery Assurance Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Delivery Assurance <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT - Deliery Manager Austin, TX Performance-driven professional who leverages global enterprise experience to execute complex programs and improve performance and productivity. Experienced in automating business processes and managing risks while achieving program objectives and solving corporate problems. Consistently surpass goals by employing effective communication and organizational skills and building steadfast relationships with business partners.    CORE COMPETANCIES  ? Program Delivery and Assurance (6?)   ? Governance, Oversight and Analytics  ? Risk Assessment and Management   ? Quality Management  ? Diplomacy and Mediation   ? Financial Modeling and Analysis  ? Staffing and Resource Management   ? Agile and Waterfall Methodologies Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Delivery Assurance Manager CENTRICA/ DIRECT ENERGY - Houston, TX February 2019 to Present Led key strategic IT initiatives to ensure successful project delivery across three lines of business within Transformation, Performance and Planning.  • Developed an execution framework for waterfall, agile and continuous development —including risk and quality management standards.  • Designed and implemented an overall project risk assessment to ensure proper assignment of resources.  • Designed, implemented and performed training for a security engagement policy, process and procedure. IT - Senior Security Project Manager CENTRICA/ DIRECT ENERGY (Subcontracted via IBM;Pepon Inc.) - Houston, TX November 2017 to February 2019 Established process improvements to ensure successful project delivery, enhancements in risk  assessment, risk treatment and issue management.  * Led training sessions to ensure adherence to and understanding of core assurance processes.  * Identified significant organizational quality deficiencies through multiple project audits.  * Established, implemented and operationalized new engagement procedures for project teams.  * Conducted strategic interviews for identifying opportunities to enhance delivery assurance.  * Created and dispersed Weekly Data Integrity reporting to the performance and planning LT.  * Developed multiple How To's, project management process flows and onboarding materials. IT - Project Manager and Budget Manager General Electric (Subcontracted via CBTS) - Cincinnati, OH November 2015 to November 2017 * Participated in defining long-term program roadmap and budget.  * Was responsible for generating objectives for improving the delivery of network services.  * Formulated quality assurance plans, operational improvements and training programs.  * Developed, implemented and maintained an onboarding program for department resources.  * Created test data in System Integration and User Acceptance Testing for key migrations. IT Project - Budget Manager Procter & Gamble (Subcontracted via Corbus LLC) - Cincinnati, OH December 2011 to November 2015 * Provided oversight for a USD 18M budget and two global IT programs.  * Implemented improvements, training programs and governance structure for billing.  * Established processes to decrease revenue risk.  * Developed a model that increased revenue by USD 750 k within the first two months. Finance Manager, FP&A Stymco Construction - Dayton, OH September 2010 to November 2011 * Was responsible for budgeting, variance analysis and month end financial reporting.  * Developed and implemented a framework for the monthly review of P&L reporting.  * Led discussions with leadership around quality of service and risk related to profitability. Finance and Office Manager IMA / Family - Dayton, OH September 2007 to April 2010 Was responsible for billing and financial analysis. Managed all events and client sessions. Education Bachelor of Arts Wright State University - Fairborn, OH 2005 to 2009 Skills articulate (Less than 1 year), AWS (Less than 1 year), educational programs (Less than 1 year), Excel (Less than 1 year), Great Plains (Less than 1 year), PMP, PM, Waterfall, SDLC, Project Management, Information Technology Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) April 2017 to April 2020 Additional Information EXPERTISE  * Spearheaded the development of high-impact, educational programs for both network and  management groups.  * Delivered solutions to functional areas that broke barriers and reduced vulnerabilities.  * Mentored new and underperforming project managers and financial analysts.  * Improved risk management procedures and project delivery processes.  * Developed and implemented staffing selection procedures that improved resource utilization.    QUALITIES  * Organized, articulate and goal-focused.  * Tactful and considerate but also courageous.  * Self-motivated and determined but flexible.  * Continuous and passionate learner.    TECHNICAL PROFICIENCY  MS Office (Visio, PowerPoint, Excel, Word, Outlook, MS Project, Teams, Planner, OneNote, Access),  Skype, ServiceNow, SalesForce, Trello, Asana, Slack, SAP, Great Plains, AWS, Jira