Sr. IT Project Manager/Scrum Master (Consultant) Sr. <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>/Scrum Master (Consultant) Sr. IT Project Manager (Consultant) - Southern California Association of Governments Marina del Rey, CA Substantial experience working directly with clients to develop solutions from the ground up and turning around struggling projects; skilled at managing large systems, multimillion-dollar projects and delivering results that meet client objectives. Experienced working with Fortune 500 corporations where political sensitivity and goal orientation are keys to success.  • 15 years of IT management, program, portfolio, project management and developing and integrating highly complex technical systems for large international companies  • 5 years working with Agile and Scrum as a scrum master and coach  • Experience building Project Management Offices and practices for a number of organizations  • Experience working for large, multinational companies including American Honda and Broadcom  • Implemented, trained and coached companies on project methodologies  • Practical experience implementing projects using SDLC, Agile/Scrum, SAFe, and PMI/PMP methodologies  • Exceptional analytical, written, verbal and presentation skills  • Ability to foster collaboration, obtain consensus and work with clients and all levels within an organization  • Worked with remote teams, including offshore teams in Europe, India and Asia Work Experience Sr. IT Project Manager/Scrum Master (Consultant) Southern California Association of Governments - Los Angeles, CA November 2016 to Present ·      Sr. Project Manager (Agile) / SAFe Scrum Master for the team to develop the agreement feature of the voucher system for Sony Play Station.  ·      Setup and facilitated all scrum ceremonies, including sprint grooming, sprint planning, sprint demos and daily stand ups.   ·      Monitored and reported on the health of the team to management.  ·      Worked closely with the release train engineer (RTE) to deliver a plausible scope and schedule for the program increment (PI) during PI planning.  ·      As the Agile Project Manager, was able to capture and document a previously undefined/undocumented process, helping to identify opportunities and weaknesses within the process.  ·      Worked with the scrum team to identify impediments and develop solutions. Worked with various internal and external groups to remove impediments for the team.  ·      Jira and Confluence administrator for the team; configured all backlog views, filters, scrum boards, dashboards in addition to access and permissions.  ·      Tools: Jira, Confluence, Slack Sr. Technical Project Manager/Scrum Master (Consultant) Los Angeles Unified School District - Los Angeles, CA January 2016 to November 2016 • Successfully implemented a learning management system (Schoology) to schools across LAUSDs 800+ school system; the second largest in the U.S.  • As a scrum master, worked closely with staff to develop the product backlog, held daily scrums, performed backlog grooming, removed roadblocks, sprint reviews and held retrospectives with the team.  • Implemented a custom Application Program Interfaces (APIs) between the LAUSD's student information system (MiSiS) and Schoology to pass teacher, student and course information between systems.  • Worked with the Division of Instruction to execute project organizational change management activities including the development, delivery and scheduling of training for over 27,000 teachers throughout the entire school district.  • Managed third party vendors including contract negotiations, software development (APIs) and system configuration efforts.  • Worked with the project team to develop multiple project artifacts, including the project charter, scoping, system specifications and project lessons learned documents.  • Provided regular status presentations to Chief Executives (CEO, CIO and Chief Academic Officer).  • Tools: Microsoft Project, Microsoft TFS, SharePoint, Google docs, Trello, Slack, Microsoft office suite Sr. Project Manager/Scrum Master (Consultant) Pacific Dental Services - Irvine, CA August 2015 to January 2016 • Worked with scrum teams to develop the SAFe environment for implementing agile projects.  • Participated in Program Increment Planning sessions as a scrum master in an Agile Release train.  • As a Scrum Master, facilitated a team to design and develop a new system for reporting key operating metrics for the entire enterprise using Microsoft SSRS, SSIS and SSAS.  • Worked with release train engineers to plan program increments.  • Worked with Product Owner and team and facilitated scrum ceremonies including sprint planning, daily standups, backlog grooming, sprint reviews and retrospectives.  • Participated in scrum of scrums and key member in the scrum master guild.  • Helped coach less senior scrum masters, product owners and team members in the use of the scrum framework, including ceremonies and artifacts.  • Used Jira and Confluence to manage backlog, team communication and manage various project artifacts.  • Worked with all levels to management to identify key needs for report development and infrastructure implementation in support of the QDW project.  • As a project manager, worked with technical teams to identify and implement server, storage and network needs for remote location in support of a system migration for client server to web application.  • Capture and track tasks, schedule and resources for the project using Microsoft Project. Sr. Project/Program Manager / Scrum Master for the Engineering PMO (Consultant) AT&T/DIRECTV - El Segundo, CA October 2014 to August 2015 • Worked closely with senior executive and project teams to develop PMO processes and methodologies for the AT&T/DIRECTV merger.  • Oversaw a portfolio of projects of over $25 million with cross-functional teams including project managers, technical leads, engineers, architects and analysts.  • As the scrum master, worked closely with staff to develop the product backlog, held daily scrums, performed backlog grooming, removed roadblocks and held retrospectives with the team. Oversaw all authentication projects within the Engineering PMO, including:  ? Walk Out Watching allowing purchase of mobile devices and immediate access to DIRECTV content for the AT&T/DIRECTV merger.  ? Home Based Authentication project which allows mobile devices to connect to provider content without logging in. Coordinated the efforts of multiple team including software development, infrastructure, IT, business management, set top box and mobile.  ? Geo Blackout Locations project which allowed AT&T/DIRECTV to quickly and easily blackout channels based on specific criteria. Sr. Project/Program Manager/Scrum Master (Consultant) Broadcom Corporation - Irvine, CA April 2013 to October 2014 • As a scrum master, successfully implemented Microsoft Project Server 2013 and rolled out to the entire organization with associated processes and procedures.  • Managed multiple IT projects using Scrum/Agile and traditional SDLC/Waterfall methodologies. Worked directly with Sr. IT executives and business users to capture enterprise needs and ensure projects were strategically aligned.  • Using scrum, including managing product backlogs, daily standups, burn down charts, and working with product owners, managed the development and implementation of a project and portfolio management system in SharePoint.  • Developed and implemented the company's Agile process, based on Scrum framework. Trained, mentored and coached others in the use of the process.  • Manage the selection and implementation of Microsoft Project Server 2013, evaluated multiple Project and Portfolio Management systems, developed the RFP, selected a vendor, developed the SOW and managed the scope, schedule and budget for this project.  • As part of a Broadcom divestiture, managed the relocation of 900 servers and over 1PB storage devices between 11 different locations around the world.  • Instrumental in building and managing the newly formed IT Program Management Office. Developed a standard set of methodologies, processes, procedures, templates and robust reporting which provides detailed information on the company's portfolio of IT projects.  • Implemented multiple ITIL related processes, including Change and Release and Incident Management. In addition, implemented and chaired the Change Advisory Board. Sr. Project Manager / Scrum Master (Consultant) First American Financial - Santa Ana, CA October 2012 to April 2013 • As a Project Manager and Scrum Master, managed the completion of multiple projects associated with the Data Trace Legacy migration project, including Title Services, General Name Search and Static Tax.  • Worked daily with onshore and offshore developers, business analysts and QA testers to identify tasks and coordinated between various groups to ensure impediments were removed and QA performed testing prior to iteration implementations.  • Facilitated sprint planning, daily standup meetings, sprint review meetings, retrospectives and managed burn down charts, project and sprint backlogs.  • Worked closely with the product owner and team to identify and remove impediments. Ensured scrum process was followed and kept sprints on track. Manager, IT Project Management Office (Consultant) Pasadena City College - Pasadena, CA January 2012 to September 2012 • Established and managed the college's Project Management Office.  • Developed and implemented processes, standardized project management practices and facilitated IT project portfolio management.  • Managed the implementation of Microsoft Project Server implementation, Microsoft SharePoint 2010 implementation as part of the PMO.  • Working with onshore and offshore vendors, developed RFIs, RFPs, SOWs, and negotiated and monitored contracts for multiple projects. Sr. Project Manager / Scrum Master (Consultant) Southern California Auto Club (AAA) - Costa Mesa, CA May 2010 to January 2012 • As a Scrum Master and Project Manager, facilitated sprint planning, daily standup meetings, sprint review meetings and retrospectives. Managed burn down charts, project and sprint backlogs, worked closely with the product owner and team to identify and remove impediments. Ensured scrum process was followed and kept sprints on track.  • Used of Quality Center for executing QTP and LoadRunner scripts to perform regression testing load testing on multiple applications load throughout the enterprise.  • Developed and maintained project schedules, managed issues, risks, action items and provided regular status to management. Defined, documented and obtained approval for project requirements, design and other project artifacts. Sr. Project Manager / Agile (Consultant) Equator Financial Solutions - Irvine, CA April 2009 to April 2010 • Used Agile project management to manage B2B ecommerce projects for foreclosures, short sales, real estate owned, and broker price opinion properties for major financial institutions.  • Worked closely with clients, product owners and technical staff to define scope, document requirements, design, develop and implement solutions to meet client needs.  • Managed multiple new client implementations, including the development of customer facing E-Commerce websites through a "Software as a Service" (SAAS) delivery model using an Agile methodology.  • Developed status reports and provided weekly presentations to company executives, including the CEO and all company Vice Presidents.  • Developed project management methodologies, documented and trained others in the use of project methodologies, work breakdown structures and other project artifacts. Sr. Project Manager (Consultant) AT&T/DIRECTV - El Segundo, CA July 2008 to April 2009 • Developed IT management processes and coordinated the release activities for the IT Project Management  • Worked with executive management (CIO, VP's, and Directors) in addition to project managers to identify projects for specific enterprise and intermediate releases.  • Managed efforts of multiple project managers to ensure deliverables were met and that processes were being followed. Facilitated work intake, change management and prioritization meetings.  • Worked directly with the Senior Director of Development to ensure three critical components were implemented: 1) Developing a data refresh strategy for Development, 2) Coordinating environment changes and 3) Improving communications. Program Manager (Consultant) Southern California Edison - Rosemead, CA March 2007 to July 2008 • Managed the budget, schedule and resources for the multi-million dollar program to develop integration systems for major programs.  • Managed multiple simultaneous IT projects to support the development of a new work center, providing integration environments to the organization.  • Collaborated with executives, stakeholders, and technical staff for Edison's "Blue Chip" programs in order to provide required integration capabilities. Provided guidance and managed the development of processes for the governance of multiple systems throughout the enterprise.  • Worked with key stakeholders to define needs and implement solutions. This included the concept development, implementation and support of software for the coordination group. Sr. Project Manager (Consultant) AT&T/DIRECTV - El Segundo, CA July 2006 to January 2007 • Implemented the change, configuration and release management system and associated processes as part of the IT Governance based on ITIL process methodology.  • Architected the release management process and performed as release manager for quarterly releases ensuring processes were adhered to.  • Managed the project schedule, facilitated meetings, provided training, and coordinated multiple activities to help ensure successful implementations.  • Facilitated release readiness reviews, post implementation reviews and attended change advisory board meetings. Ensured system builds, deployments and certifications were executed as planned. Sr. Project Manager (Consultant) Yamaha Motor Corporation - Cypress, CA August 2005 to July 2006 • Lead the team in the selection and implementation of multiple support software packages, including WebTrends, Applications Manager, and Mercury Quality Center.  • Staffed and mentored an 11 person team consisting of business analysts, developers, production support and quality assurance personnel;  • Implemented process changes including software process framework  • Implemented automated testing and testing tools from Mercury (Quality Center and Quick Test Professional) IT Applications Manager - Finance & HR American Honda Motor Company, Inc - Torrance, CA 1999 to 2005 • Managed multiple large software systems and cross-functional teams. Responsible for planning and coordinating activities associated with the development and implementation of systems for six different Honda companies across the United States and Canada.  • With 25 direct reports, including project managers, full time employees, contractors, and consultants, worked closely with internal business customers to develop and enhance software systems.  • Worked extensively with vendors to implement a B2B solution for procurement using Ariba and cXML technology. Used Ascential software to perform integration between multiple systems. Education Master of Business Administration in Business Administration University of Massachusetts Amherst - Amherst, MA Masters in Computer Resources and Information Management in Computer Resources and Information Management Webster University Bachelor's degree in Information Systems Management in Information Systems Management Peru State College Project Management Certificate California Institute of Technology (CalTech) Skills CSM, Jira, Scrum, Agile Scrum, Scrum Master