Governance Risk and Compliance Manager Governance Risk and Compliance <span class="hl">Manager</span> Cyber Security Technology Professional Raleigh, NC Cyber Security Technology Leader for a $5B+ worldwide leader in data management. Global responsibility for information security teams charged with governance, risk and compliance, cloud and enterprise IT security architecture, as well as security infrastructure tools and systems. Security Liaison between enterprise information security and the other business units across the company. Recognized for bringing value, thought leadership, technical acumen and an understanding of the macro impacts to the business required to implement comprehensive data protection and security controls. Over 10 years of experience leading high performing technical and non-technical teams. Strong track record of success in entrepreneurial and corporate environments, attracting top talent and mentoring them for success. Work Experience Governance Risk and Compliance Manager NetApp - Research Triangle Park, NC May 2018 to Present • Established an active governance function that crafted all new Infosec policies and standards for IT.  • Created the first Enterprise Information Security Council bringing together VP's across the company together with the CISO monthly to provide advisement and oversight for the various security initiatives underway at any given interval.  • Constructed an active compliance program to meet the requirements for ISO 27001:2013 certification as well as SOC2 Type 1 and Type 2 reporting.  • Conceptualized a broad governance strategy around data protection, security of cloud workflows and development environments and led a team of strategists to socialize that strategy globally across the company.  • Established an active Risk program that encompassed management of all global INFOSEC risk to include Vulnerability and Patch management. Information Security Engineering Manager NetApp - Research Triangle Park, NC August 2013 to May 2018 • Built first combined Cyber Security organization for the company in conjunction with the first interim CISO and cyber operations manager. Grew organization from 5 individual contributors to multiple global teams with over 60+ security professionals.  • Successfully retooled and deployed 8+ disparate cyber security platforms into a comprehensive program providing a security in depth strategy and active intelligence to the cyber operations team.  • Created an overall 360 lifecycle strategy for the infrastructure and architectural teams that ensured business processes, growth strategies and governance were in alignment to ensure consistency and quality of the business capabilities for those functions. IT Project Manager Data Center PMO - Fort Bragg, NC March 2012 to July 2013 • Successfully managed multiple infrastructure projects enabling the US Army Reserve Command to consolidate a worldwide datacenter footprint from over 20+ to less than 5.  • Completed an enterprise wide operating system upgrade project for over 100k+ user endpoints.  • Created efficiencies and business process re-alignments to existing PMO processes to facilitate a better engagement with our customers and executive sponsors.  • Managed all executive reporting responsibilities for critical projects to the SAIC senior leadership as well as the US Army Reserve Command executive staff. IT Program Manager Fort Bragg Regional Alliance (BRAC Task Force) - Fayetteville, NC October 2008 to March 2012 • Facilitated and managed the creation of Pipeline NC, a North Carolina centric talent acquisition platform with an emphasis on connecting wounded warriors and separated military with interested employers throughout the state. (This became a national initiative known as Hire Hero's USA)  • Engineered and Deployed 34+, 3D enhanced technology classrooms to support advanced object development and STEM training in regional educational institutions. Director, Technology Applications Navigator Development Group - Fayetteville, NC June 2010 to May 2011 • Managed a national team of application developers, network engineers and security specialists.  • Engineered and Deployed 10+, 3D enhanced technology classrooms for cyber security planning and modeling.  • Responsible for a multi-million-dollar budget around procurement and delivery of equipment and platforms to customers. Education BA in Information Technology Western Governors University 2016 Skills Information Security, NIST, Network Security, Enterprise Architecture, Information Security Governance, Risk Management, IT Security Architecture, Compliance, IT Security, CISSP, Information Security Compliance, IT Service Delivery, Application Security, SDLC, SOC2, Strategic Planning, Fiscal Budget Management Links http://linkedin.com/in/erikjwells Military Service Branch: United States Army Rank: E5 Certifications/Licenses CISSP October 2011 to October 2020 (Certified Information Systems Security Professional)  #407214 C|CISO November 2012 to November 2021 (Chief Information Security Officer Certification) ITIL v3 March 2012 to Present