IT Operations Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Operations <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Operations Manager - ATI Physical Therapy Midlothian, IL Work Experience IT Operations Manager ATI Physical Therapy April 2019 to Present Manage the IT infrastructure consisting of 880 locations, 2 datacenters and Cloud environment across the country for network, database, server/operating systems, computers, peripherals, phone systems and email functions. Primary responsibilities are re-designing, planning, directing, measuring and reporting on all IT operations including - remediation of the IT infrastructure, systems monitoring, incident resolution and problem research for the computing production environment.  * Set the bar for Customer Service satisfaction by customizing new ticketing system to meet business needs and promote quicker resolution. Align IT department into defined levels for assignment and proper escalation process.  * Created, enacted, monitored and leveraged SLA's and OLA's throughout the IT department.  * Analyzed, designed, tested and put into effect security patching plan for 9500+ PC's and 700+ servers which had not been patched since 2017.  * Reset staffing levels in accordance with workload and expectations.  * Planned, designed, tested and administered AWS Cloud infrastructure for Disaster Recovery. Ongoing effort to move production environment to AWS Cloud.  * Refined and replaced monitoring tools for critical systems to deliver alerts to owners through an escalation tree.  * Restructured Budget after auditing to include unaccounted operational and capital costs. Technology Solutions Architect CommTech Safety Solutions July 2018 to March 2019 Responsible for the Custom Design and Implementation of various IT network infrastructure, Fire Protection and Security System solutions. Evaluate and propose customized solutions for our clients. Design and buildout of strategic systems including - Managed Services, AWS, Cloud Storage Solutions, Data Center infrastructure, Secure Wi-Fi networks, Security\Surveillance camera, and DVR systems, Fire Detection and prevention systems, Secure Access and Entry systems.    * Provide Managed Services analysis, design as well as support for our customers.  * Work with clients to provide customized, cost effective solutions for all of their Technology needs.  * Provide quotes and completion time estimates.  * Plan, schedule and implement technology projects.  * Implement successful solutions on time, including training for users. Sr. Manager of Information Technology Erie Family Health Center February 2016 to July 2018 Redesigned and managed the complete reconstruction of the IT department from ground up. Including evaluation and reformation of infrastructure, staffing model, vendor services, procurement process as well as the incorporation of SLA's, Change Management and satisfaction surveys.    * Evaluated infrastructure design and hardware deficiencies.  ? Mapped out plan for efficiently redesigning infrastructure including - data center consolidation, hardware upgrades, WIFI coverage security, VLAN separation, routing re-configuration, QOS implementation, disaster recovery reform, network monitoring and server platform consolidation.  * Evaluated support staff.  ? Graded and ranked staff by aptitude and customer service proficiency. Changed job descriptions in alignment with support needs. Implemented a training and certification program to raise technical knowledge in required areas. Hired proper assets.  * Evaluated supported systems.  ? Migrated to O365 from aging Exchange environment. Updated PC's to windows 8 and 10 and incorporated Bit Locker encryption. Put into effect monthly Windows Update schedule and procedure. Procured Manage Engine Desktop Central as the Enterprise Desktop management suite and Trend Micro Enterprise protection suite for Virus Protection.  * Reduced ticket volume 70% from start  * Reduced system uptime from under 50% to an uptime over 97%  * Customer satisfaction results rose to an average of 4.5 stars out of 5. IT Director Jackson Park Hospital January 2014 to September 2015 Oversaw the operations of the IT department. Ensured the department aligned with the business objectives of the organization. Also planned, coordinated, directed, and designed all operational activities of the IT department. Leveraged operation and business unit shared services and provided direction and support for IT solutions that enhanced mission-critical business operations.    * Formulate and deploy long-term strategic plans for acquiring and enabled efficient and cost-effective information processing and communication technologies.  * Manage IT department operational and strategic planning, including business requirements, project planning, and organizing and negotiating the allocation of resources.  * Develop and review budgets for operating unit IT department and ensure it complies with stated goals, guidelines, and objectives  * Re-engineer applications and application support to ensure it aligns with business processes, tactical planning, and strategic vision as needed.  * Develop business case justifications and cost / benefit analyses for IT spending and initiatives.  * Define and communicate project milestones, service levels, and resource allocation to executive team, department leads, support staff, and end users.  * Monitor performance of IT systems and end-user satisfaction to determine if improvements are required.  * Identify and make recommendations for the improvement of IT systems or processes.  * Ensure provisioning of IT Infrastructure and end-user services are meeting the organization needs.  * Develop business and technical requirements for new purchases and upgrades. Create, and collaboration with procurement, request for proposals, review proposals, negotiate agreements and vendor selection.  * Direct project management of new system implementation to ensure that business and project goals are achieved.  ? Oversee operating and shared services unit adherence to all IT policies and procedures, including those for architecture, security, disaster recovery, standards, purchasing, and service provision.  ? Manage IT staffing, including recruitment, supervision, scheduling, development, evaluation and disciplinary actions.    Accomplishments  ? Incorporated new SAN solution to replace dated system.  ? Project management for monthly upgrades to McKesson and Paragon Suites of applications. Structured guidelines and systematic approach to working with doctors and nurses on changes in the applications, databases and their templates.  ? Start and completion of Win XP to Windows 7 migration project.  ? Redesigned the Help Desk Support Model with very positive results.  ? Refined SLA's; ensuring proper staffing and structure to support them.  ? Integrated Web Content Filtering - gained 50% network speed increase.  ? Created project outline for infrastructure upgrade to 2012 servers.  ? Completed goals for Meaningful Use year 1 and 2.  ? Re-engineered wireless network to support public and private WIFI IT Manager ACL Laboratories Advocate Health Care April 2006 to November 2013 Innovated, and oversaw many system wide initiatives that brought the IT infrastructure and Network Support to a largely improved efficient state. In addition to project managing over implementations, was responsible over the budget for equipment, operations licensing and staff. The projects included implementation of the following:  * Implementation of a ticketing system to replace emailed tickets - Heat Alert Monitor.  * Conception and re-structuring of the Help Desk / Customer Service Center.  * The use of LanDesk as network remote control, packaging, patching and monitoring tool.  * Migration of the company infrastructure change from Novell to MS Active Directory  * Migrated PC's to Windows 7 from XP  * Migration from Office 2003 to Office 2010 and Office 365.  * Managed migration project for email change from Sun iPlanet and Lotus Notes to MS Outlook  * Use of Citrix as replacement of full client applications software including Epic, AML, Com Lab, MySys, Copath, Nexus, File Nexus, Allergra, LanDesk, Sun Quest, Directory of Services, Med Speed, What's Up, etc.    Managerial Tasks  * Brought customer service survey results from 20th percentile to 97th  * Managed and mentored network engineers, desktop administrators supporting administration and maintenance of servers, desktops, laptops and the applications that ran on them.  * Created structure for applications support team - defined roles and responsibilities for application analysts, clinical analysts and data base analysts.  * Conducted associate reviews, hiring and delegated workload of staff.  * Responsible for implementation of "Green Plan" initiative.  * Liaison to business partners to assure compliance with their needs and wants.  * Research and investigation of new products that could make systems more efficient and cost effective. IS Project Manager - Sr. LAN Admin Tek Systems Inc for Northern Trust Co - Chicago, IL December 2005 to April 2006 * Project Management for the certification of the Companies 190+ vended applications from licensing and, software procurement, through testing to - full deployment.  * Responsibilities included: Monitoring Novell and/or NT servers to ensure proper operation and function; Resolving network problems on systems and applications, including Netware/NT Servers and other network devices; Performed daily monitoring of all open calls to ensure that service delivery goals were being met; Functioned as a technical team leader for the LAN/Admin Support staff providing technical direction and assistance where needed; Installed networking software and associated hardware updates; Established parameters related to network configuration, testing and debugging, Prepared all or parts of formal proposals on network hardware and software products; Provided support for Data center, desk side and help desk support in a 7500+ user environment, 7000+ Computers and 900+ Servers. 24 hours a day 7 days a week. Network Support Team Lead Midwest Generation EME, LLC - Chicago, IL June 1999 to November 2005 * Level 2 and Level 3 Data center, desk side and help desk support in a 1500+ user environment, 900+ Computer and 125+ Servers. 24 hours a day 7 days a week.  * Novell 4.x, 5.x administration, Installation and configuration  * Microsoft NT, 2000 and 2003 Server installation, configuration and administration.  * Administration of Active Directory and GPO's.  * Hardware support for servers, desktops, laptops and Printers.  * Lotus Notes v.4, 5, 6 support and, upgrading.  * Disaster Recovery and back-up with SDLT, DLT, 8mm and Optical Disk using ArcserveIT 6.6, Brightstor 9/10 and Backup Exec 8.  * Application packaging and deployment using batch routines, Wise Install, MSI Installer, ZENWork's and LanDesk enhanced package builders.  * Backup Citrix Administrator.  * Support of all Telecommunications system to include, Meridian phone switch, Octel Voicemail, in-house paging, long range paging, cell phones and all Motorola 2-way radio equipment.  * Hardware and software support of security system and video surveillance.  * Created a regionalized Windows XP image for desktops and laptops.  * Lead engineer on desktop platform migration from Win9x to WinXP and, all upgraded versions of software applications.  * Support engineer on Active Directory migration from Novell 4.12  * Supervised and mentored 14 desktop engineers within Desktop Group. Sr. Network Engineer Bank One - Chicago, IL May 1995 to June 1999 * Level 2 and Level 3 desk side and help desk support in a 4000 user environment with 2200 PC's.  * Novell 4-5.x and Microsoft NT 4.x administration, installation and, configuration  * Network documentation and file clean up.  * Procurement, installation and data migration for 44 offices.  * Oversaw and mentored 5 desktop engineers within Desktop Group.  * Migrated Chicago office to new facility.  * Hardware support for servers, desktops, and laptops  * Disaster Recovery and back-up with DLT, 8mm and Optical Disk  * Software roll outs and configuration using batch routines and Microsoft SMS Installer.  * Lotus Notes Administration  * Software installation and configuration as well as heading up the roll out of Windows 95 and configuring TCP/IP  * Desk side/ Help Desk support as well as hardware support. Education Associate Skills ITIL, CITRIX, MCSE, CUSTOMER SERVICE, WINDOWS 95, Active Directory, IT Management, Network Administration, Vendor Management, Excel, Strategic Planning, Exchange, Vmware Certifications/Licenses ITIL v3 Present MCSE Present Leadership Development Present