Senior Project Manager, Systems (Consultant) Senior <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>, Systems (Consultant) Senior Project Manager, IT, PMP Saint Charles, MO PMP Certified Senior Project Manager with 12 years of success leading all phases of diverse technology, healthcare, communications, banking and business projects. Planning and managing $10+ million infrastructure and application development projects in Waterfall, Agile and PRINCE2 project management methodologies for in scope, on time, on budget delivery. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior Project Manager, Systems (Consultant) LevelUp RPO on contract to Rabo AgriFinance - Chesterfield, MO June 2018 to Present • Managing 9 projects in a program to migrate customer financial data, business tools and resources prior to a divestiture of a business unit.  • Leading internal and external resources in multiple projects on a program to upgrade and enhance FileNet document management systems.  • Led a team of technical and financial resources to standardize diverse client financial data to be compliant with European regulatory requirements. Senior Project Manager, Business Integration Charter Communications - Maryland Heights, MO April 2017 to May 2018 • Responsible for gathering project charters, functional and product owner requirements for customer service and business integration efforts in a post-merger environment.  • Coordinated resources from diverse corporate business units across the country and offshore to collaborate on projects and fast follower efforts using waterfall and agile project management methodologies.  • Nature of projects included launching standardized pricing and packaging across a post-merger environment for voice, video and data products. Products produced include testing environment upgrades, IVR, code, marketing material, web site interfaces for customers and agents, support documentation and training.  • Created and presented administrative, project status and executive reports for VP level meetings.  • Created project-centric data repositories to provide a near real time dashboard to respond to issues and track changes in the project plans. Using Microsoft BI, produced graphical representations to show snapshots of project data that allowed business to respond to customer needs and increase satisfaction.  • Developed tracking template that allowed multiple engineers to enter results during production environment testing. Led Video Product, Billing, Test Account Creation and Engineer groups to validate video packages, track and resolve 700 issues in 50 markets. Senior IT Project Manager Apex Systems Inc on contract to BJC Healthcare - St. Louis, MO February 2017 to April 2017 • Managed 3 simultaneous hardware expansion and software upgrade projects at all BJC hospitals and Medical Group offices in Missouri and Illinois. Allocated 60 contractors to the project sites while coordinating with BJC executives, project managers and stakeholders. IT Project Manager Express Scripts - St. Louis, MO July 2008 to November 2016 • Managed start-to-closure IT projects from $100 thousand to $12 million. Past projects have included enterprise upgrades of network switches, server OS, desktop OS (XP, Win 7, Win 10), Oracle database, Avaya phone switches, information protection appliances, Windows and Linux server builds, storage, disaster recovery efforts and Department of Defense server and application security audits and remediation of findings.  • Controlled budgets of up to $12 million and cross-functional teams of up to 60 engineers, application developers, programmers, analysts, IT service technicians and network specialists both on-shore and off-shore.  • Guided teams in the deployment of Citrix, Linux and Windows servers as well as circuit installation to new data centers in multiple locations across the United States.  • Improved the recoverability and accessibility of data for a business unit generating over $5 billion in revenue.  • Achieved seamless migrations and integrations that were transparent to client customers, accomplished with no unscheduled downtime and delivered $750 thousand under budget.  • Directed enterprise-wide upgrades to Cisco switches and appliances including procurement, resource coordination and change management. Education Bachelor of Science in Agricultural Engineering in Agricultural Engineering University of Missouri - Columbia, MO Skills FILENET (1 year), MIGRATIONS (10+ years), MS PROJECT (10+ years), VISIO (10+ years), REMEDY (10+ years), SHAREPOINT (10+ years), JIRA (2 years), MS OFFICE 365 (2 years), BUDGETING (10+ years), FORECASTING (10+ years), BUSINESS INTELLIGENCE (3 years), VENDOR MANAGEMENT (10+ years), CLIENT RELATIONS (10+ years), REQUIREMENTS GATHERING (10+ years), PROCESS IMPROVEMENT (10+ years) Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) August 2010 to August 2019 Awarded by the Project Management Institute HIPPA Certification January 2016 to Present