Server/Waiter Server/Waiter College Graduate- Information Management and Technology New York, NY Work Experience Server/Waiter Pita on Essex - Milburn, NJ May 2019 to Present • Provide high level customer service in a large, fast paced restaurant   • Communicate effectively with cooks and other waitstaff to ensure seamless customer experience   • Manage and prioritize multiple tasks such as customer seating, phone calls, to-go orders, cash out, cleanup and restocking Project Manager (Capstone Project) BluSeeds Studios - Saranac Lake, NY January 2019 to May 2019 ? Scheduled and managed communication between client and students to ensure adherence to project timeline   ? Primary editor of project reports and documentation   ? Managed and rebranded web presence on Facebook and Instagram   ? Spearheaded new web design; transitioning data from WordPress to Wix TA for IT Management and Administration School of Information Studies, Syracuse University - Syracuse, NY January 2019 to May 2019 ? Lecture information technology management principles and practices. Administration of computers, operating systems, and applications   ? Demonstrate tools and techniques for managing information technology operations   ? Design and coordinate hands-on labs in a virtual environment  Student Event Coordinator Hendricks Chapel - Syracuse, NY August 2018 to November 2018 ? Coordinate assignment in set design, task management, and scheduling   ? Detailed assembly of electronic and electro-mechanical devices   ? Real-time utilization of audio Operating Systems and software to ensure quality performance Student Supervisor Syracuse University Food Services - Syracuse, NY January 2016 to September 2017 * Manage and prioritize multiple tasks such as food and drink preparation, and maintenance  * Communicate clearly and effectively with coworkers and management to ensure positive customer experience  * Adapt to various work environments moving from different cafes across campus Assistant Technician Information Technology Services - Syracuse, NY May 2017 to August 2017 ? Monitored progress of daily projects and ensured adherence to project timelines and quality standards   ? Grasp comprehensive understanding of data center and network infrastructure   ? Log and respond to network infrastructure errors throughout the campus   ? Enabled conversion of campus legacy cabling to high speed cables   ? Installation and implementation of various networking devices in campus data centers, and campus buildings   TA for Intro to Computer Networking School of Information Studies, Syracuse University - Syracuse, NY January 2017 to May 2017 ? Coordinate and conduct demonstrations of applications such as Wireshark, Packet Tracer, and Wireless Mon   ? Assist in the development of hands on labs and quizzes   ? Facilitate learning of networking concepts, and preparation for final exams   ? Effectively manage multiple students with various levels Education Information Management & Technology Syracuse University - Syracuse, NY August 2018 to Present Skills HUMAN COMPUTER INTERACTION, HTML, JAVASCRIPT, DATA ANALYSIS, CUSTOMER SERVICE, POS, Server, fast learner, Sales Certifications/Licenses Driver's License Additional Information ? Web Scraping Via Python   ? HTML/CSS   ? SQL   ? Data Visualization   ? Github   ? Web Accessibility   ? Visio Data Flow Diagrams   ? Library Research and Citation   ? Data Driven Inquiry   ? Microsoft Office   ? Site Surveying   ? Human Computer Interaction   ? Data in Society and Ethics   ? Photoshop   ? Installation of switches, servers, UPS, and various network devices   ? Network device monitoring, tracking, and inventory   ? Project Management   ? Professional Writing   ? Public Speaking   ? Liberal Arts Core 