UX Researcher & Designer UX Researcher &amp; Designer UX Researcher & Designer - United Airlines Reston, VA Shanti Kanhai is a human-centered IT analyst with experience working on complex projects  following the software development life cycle (SDLC) principles. Her work connects user  requirements, technical feasibility studies, and user experience design while considering  business needs. Work Experience UX Researcher & Designer United Airlines January 2018 to Present I am part of the team at United Airlines which is deploying iPads to 6,000+ technicians. Our  initiative's goal is to increase their mobility on the workfloor. My work contributed to an improvement in communications resulting in smaller boarding time delays. The average  maintenance time delay was decreased by at least 17 minutes. This enabled customers to depart 50 percent sooner in the event of such maintenance.  The iPad initiative includes the development of Web interfaces for departments such as Hub  Maintenance Control, AOG, Planning, and many others. I support the Web projects teams  updating current workflows and developing new processes and workflows where there were  none before. Tasks include:  ? Work with project managers, business analysts, developers, and end users to ensure  application designs meet business requirements.  ? Support the project throughout all phases of the SDLC.  ? Assist in Shadowing efforts and Discovery meetings at client sites to understand  business use cases and requirements.  ? Participate in requirements gathering sessions, JAD sessions and user acceptance  testing (UAT) with end users.  ? Work together with the business analyst to improve and adjust design requirements.  ? Work together with developers to make sure that design changes are technically  feasible.  ? Create design deliverables and artifacts for the development team based on gathered  requirements.  ? Effectively communicate designs and screen flow to cross-functional team members and management.  ? Perform design reviews to ensure precise implementation of business-approved design.  ? Evaluate business processes, anticipating requirements, uncovering areas for improvement, and designing solutions.  ? Multi-task and support multiple projects simultaneously under tight timelines in an Agile  environment  ? Turn data-heavy, complex work flows into intuitive experiences.  ? Presenting designs to end users and collect feedback Technology Project Manager Internet Bar Organization June 2017 to October 2017 As project manager at the non-profit Internetbar.org Institute, it was my goal to improve the Access to Justice (A2J). Tasks included:  ? Monitor deliverable and ensuring timely completion of projects.  ? Ensure solutions meet business needs and requirements.  ? Provide project progress update to management.  ? Create promotional material and visit stakeholders to promote the importance of the projects.  ? Write technical job descriptions.  ? Evaluate new and existing software products and decide on optimal course of action.  ? Write grant proposals.  ? Create project documentation. UX Intern Internet Bar Organization June 2017 to August 2017 To support the software development team of Knomatic, I performed the following duties:  ? Develop solutions that meet business needs and requirements.  ? Collect user feedback on deployed applications using qualitative research methods.  ? Uncover areas for improvement and developing requirements based on field visits.  ? Transform user feedback and points into actionable requirements prioritized on urgency,  feasibility and bandwidth.  ? Conduct competitive mobile pattern research.  ? Conduct presentations to share ideas and findings.  ? Effectively communicate results, insights and solutions to cross-functional team  members and management. IT Project Manager MadeIndonesia November 2015 to January 2016 During my time at MadeIndonesia I was involved in all stages of web development from cost  estimation to design, from requirements gathering to website testing. Tasks included:  ? Provide the connection between technical and business views to ensure that high quality  and impactful solutions are delivered to the clients.  ? Gather critical information from meetings with various stakeholders and producing  reports.  ? Monitor deliverable and ensuring timely completion of projects.  ? Provide project progress update to project stakeholders.  ? Act as a liaison between testers, developers, client, and other stakeholders during all  phases of development.  ? Write requirements documentation and budget proposals.  ? Ensure application designs meet business requirements.  ? Gather, develop, document and validate requirements. Education Master's in Information Technology Management Western Governors University - Salt Lake City, UT August 2019 to July 2021 Master's in Public Administration Leiden University - Leiden January 2013 to July 2015 Bachelor's in Cultural Anthropology & Development Sociology University of Amsterdam - Amsterdam January 2010 to January 2013 Skills UX, Requirements Analysis, Requirements Gathering, Business Analysis, SDLC, Qualitative research, UAT, Human-centered design, User testing, Public administration Certifications/Licenses Driver's License