Project Coordinator <span class="hl">Project</span> Coordinator Project Coordinator Albemarle, NC Accomplished, energetic and punctual project coordinator with a solid history of achievement in corporate high availability IT support and management. Motivated leader with strong organizational and prioritization abilities. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Coordinator Bill Truitt Woodworks - Charlotte, NC January 2019 to April 2019 · Hired to clean up sub-par shop conditions inhibiting a safe & productive work environment.  · Performed general housekeeping duties for all areas of the production floor to ensure that the facility is organized, functional, and presentable.  · Created complex spreadsheets to keep track of materials & dates ordered, dates expected to arrive. Computerized packing lists & ordering schedules.   · Support by assisting, locating, ordering, receiving, stocking, and shipping, maintaining the inventory, and other coordination duties.  · Verify, compare & confirm type and quantity of received/shipped goods against information contained on bills of lading, invoices, pick tickets or other records.  · Built strong relationships with outside/inside sales, distributors & client assistants.  ·  No room for error in the extremely fast paced, high end construction for affluent & wealthy clients.  · Took on quality control role in both pre & post production to minimize careless rework. Office Manager LDI Charlotte - Charlotte, NC September 2017 to September 2018 • Led daily operations - Filled orders, invoicing, statements in Quickbooks, inventory, delivery & employee management.  • Created operations documents for printers, shared server use & monthly invoicing for ease of use in emergency situations.  • Created a database of customers with their billing info for increased efficiency & security.  • Check work completed by employees to ensure that it is performed properly.  • Monitor fulfillment of purchase contract terms to ensure that they are handled in a timely manner.  • Set goals and deadlines for the department.  • Oversee the maintenance and repair of machinery, equipment, and electrical and mechanical systems.  • Acquire, distribute and store supplies.  • Conduct classes to teach procedures to staff.  • Monitor the facility to ensure that it remains safe, secure, and well-maintained.  • Prepare and review operational reports and schedules to ensure accuracy and efficiency.  • Coordinate supportive services to ensure optimal inventory management Corporate IT Consultant BlueHouseInc - Charlotte, NC February 2016 to June 2017 • Responsible for successful consulting engagements including Project management, implementation of TIDAL Software product base, design and implementation of TIDAL Software products and training based on customer policies and procedures.  • Strong working knowledge of Cisco Tidal Enterprise Scheduling tool.  • Linux Admin & DBA disaster recovery.  • Database design & management.  • Diagnosed UNIX and Windows processing problems and applied solutions to increase company efficiency. Team Lead SGS Towers - Ann Arbor, MI March 2014 to January 2016 • Inspected, mapped, collected accurate measurements relating to cell phone towers before & after upgrades to the structure.  • Minimally supervised, responsible for all travel, accommodations, quality control & safety while training green hands.  • Direct team activities, establishing task priorities, scheduling and tracking work assignments, providing guidance, and ensuring the availability of resources.  • Report project plans, progress, and results.  • Provide project management services, including the provision and analysis of technical data.  • Plan, organize, and execute logistics support activities such as travel time, weather, and site time needed to complete tasks. Education GED Randolph Community College - Asheboro, NC