Sr. Business Analyst Sr. Business Analyst Sr. Business Analyst Midland, TX • Sr. Business Analyst  • Certified Scrum Master   • IT Project Manager Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr. Business Analyst Milestone Inc June 2017 to February 2019 • Worked as a Scrum Master/ Business Analyst. Overseen design, implementation, QA, and validation of programming code and products.  • Created various project outlines and timelines and distributed responsibilities to team members.  • Facilitated daily scrums, stand-ups, and meetings to monitor project progress and removed impediments.  • Performed reviews on software development team members  • Ensured milestones are reached and deadlines are met throughout project lifecycle  • Ensured responsibility for successful product delivery.  • Participated, contributed, assimilated and represented opinion on changes, enhancements being done to the project/product.  • Worked closely with various stakeholders, onsite team and collaborated on above mentioned tasks. Interacted and communicated with individuals at various levels of the organization.  • Handled specific day-to-day tasks like filing bugs and backlog items in TFS and JIRA, troubleshooted issues, handled escalations to respective team heads, followed sprint schedules etc.  • I have been closely applying Agile methodologies by working with Software Development, Software support, new implementation requests and interface implementations.  • Overall proficient with Business and Technical teams. Ability to interact with all level of people with excellent presentation, strong leadership and analytical skills. IT Project Manager eClinicalWorks, LLC June 2014 to June 2017 • Ensure timely up-gradation, Installation, Implementation, releasing latest versions related patches and technical support with client satisfaction.  • Manage client projects and all its requirements within SLA.  • Communicate timely and effectively with clients.  • Coordinate with internal teams for client's requirements.  • Follow up with clients and internal team for various updates on the task, maintain day to day reports on work status, achievements, dependency, etc.  • Monitored contracts and service level agreements to identify potential risks and implement mitigation actions to protect development process from unforeseen delays and costs.  • Resolved implementation and operation issues with product manufacturers. Education Bachelor's in Hospitality Management Saurashtra University April 2004 to June 2008 Skills MS Project (5 years), TFS (2 years), JIRA (2 years), MS Office (7 years), Oracle 10G (1 year), Spotfire (2 years), Analytics (2 years) Certifications/Licenses Oracle Database Certified SQL Expert December 2013 to Present Certified ScrumMaster (CSM) Additional Information Skills:    • Good understanding of Agile methodology and Scrum framework, project management principles. Good project and time management skills, ability to handle multiple ongoing task with changing priorities.  • Expertise in project initiation, project creation, defining scope, project planning and execution, business analysis. Capable of multitasking and dealing with a wide range of demanding and stressful situations.  • High level of analytical and problem solving skills along with good conflict management and interpersonal skills. Demonstrated organizing and time management skills in setting priorities and delivering on expectations.  • Good communication skills with the ability to build strategic relationships with clients, strong work ethics, fast learner, very reliable and highly motivated, punctual, disciplined individual who enjoys working individually or within a team environment to achieve organizational goal.  • Facilitating the Release planning, Sprint planning, Backlog grooming, SWOT Analysis.  • Hands on experience in MS Project, TFS, JIRA, Oracle Database SQL, HTML, JSON, Spotfire, MS Access, MS Excel, Analytics, Content Management Systems etc.