IT Project manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">manager</span> IT Project manager - Interpublic Group US New York, NY IT Project Manager with total 5 years of project management experience. Excellent communication, problem solving, organization and co-ordination skills, self-starter, and quick learner. Working with both Waterfall and Agile (Scrum) methodologies. Work Experience IT Project manager Interpublic Group US - New York, NY January 2016 to Present Achievement/Tasks:  • Successfully delivering projects within the timeline, scope and budget.  • Facilitating standard Waterfall project management activities (planning resources, scope, and timeline; identify risks/issues and creating mitigation plans; conducting status meetings; preparing progress reporting; following up on project activities; conducting lessons learned meetings and etc.).  • Working with stakeholders and managing their expectations.  • Implemented new process of tracking critical items, which helped to decrease project risks by 25%.  • Developed new reporting templates.  • Managing several project using combination of Waterfall and Scrum methodologies.  Managing off-site and on-site project teams including 3-5 BA, 6-7 Functional Managers, 5-6 Developers, 2 QA, and 1-2 Client Services Managers.  Environments: MS Office, Microsoft SharePoint, MS Project, JIRA, Slack, SAP. Junior IT Project Manager KPMG US - New York, NY June 2015 to November 2015 Achievement/Tasks:  • Managing several web, iOS and infrastructure projects.  • Leading Scrum ceremonies (Sprint planning, conducting daily scrum calls, Sprint Retrospective, creating Kanban board and managing it, writing user stories.)  • Working closely with Product Owner and preparing status reports.  • Preparing Statements of work (SOW).    Managing offshore and on-team project team including 2 UI Designers, 9 developers and 6 QA.  Environments: MS Office, JIRA, MS Project, Confluence. IT Project Coordinator Gazprom Neft, Russia, St - Petersburg, RU August 2013 to January 2015 Part of Gazprom, the world's largest natural gas company.    Achievement/Tasks:  • Managed several multiphase projects multiphase using Waterfall methodology.  • Working with project team to identify stakeholders, ricks, project assumptions and constraints.  • Managing project plans and following up on project tasks and activities.  • Creating project documents such as Project Charter, Risk Register, Status reports.  Managing on-site team including 7 BA, 9 functional managers, 4 developers, 2 QA.  Environments: MS Office, MS Project, Visio, Microsoft SharePoint, SAP. Education Master's State University of Information Technologies Mechanics and Optics - St. Petersburg, RU 2005 to 2011