D&T Director D&amp;T Director IT Director Plano, TX Work Experience D&T Director Global Capital Markets & Salesforce - Dallas, TX August 2018 to Present CBRE, Inc. - Dallas, TX  Principal technology advisor to a Fortune 500 organization with over $14.2 billion in revenue and 30K+ employees worldwide, developing state-of-the-art commercial real-estate platforms and solutions globally.  D&T Director Global Capital Markets & Salesforce (08/2018 to Present)  Technology advisor and leader of strategic applications within Capital Markets line of business; focusing on Investment Sales, Debt and Structure Finance, Investment Banking and Loan Services.  • Serve as strategic partner to Capital Markets, advising on technologies solutions and capabilities.  • Manage multiple Agile & Kanban development teams, collocated onshore and offshore.  • Deliver customized web applications and services for CRM, pipeline management, digital marketing and loan servicing.  • Define global technology roadmap and digital strategies for Capital Markets and its subsidiaries. Sr. D&T Manager CBRE, Inc. April 2016 to August 2018 Established the Managed Services organization within CBRE for Application Support & Maintenance (ASM) for global operations and support services worldwide.  • Developed the CBRE Managed Services framework, standardizing support and operational processes.  • Managed 30+ highly skilled contractors and employees providing world-class service, support and excellence.  • Improved the overall quality of products and services for over 70+ applications within the Managed Services portfolio across multiple lines of business and geographies.  • Optimized resource capacity, improving cost efficiencies, providing cost avoidance strategies and leveraging economies of scale. D&T Manager Capital Markets April 2014 to March 2016 Technology lead for the development and implementation of CBRE Deal Flow to optimize property marketing and sales, improve customer engagement and provide a unified platform for digital marketing within Capital Markets.  • Expertly managed development processes and execution ensuring proper allocation of resources and funds to ensure adherence to project schedule.  • Conducted technical design review and development sessions with our solutions partner and key business stakeholders to deliver the platform. Sr. IT Project Manager CBRE, Inc April 2013 to March 2014 Project lead for the implementation of AppDynamics an Application Performance Management (APM) platform to optimize application performance, improve the quality of products and provide an integrated solution with our existing CMDB and incident management platform (ServiceNow).  • Drove efficiency throughout the design and development life cycle, diligently addressing challenges associated with each work stage and mitigating potential impacts to project schedule and budget.  • Delivered the APM platform to over 50+ Vantage applications to monitor application performance and measure key health metrics. Sr. BSA / ScrumMaster CBRE, Inc. July 2012 to March 2013 Lead BSA and ScrumMaster for the development of the Atlas program. Designed as the unified property and research platform and central property data system for commercial real-estate brokers and research professionals.  • Key liaison between business stakeholder and technical team. Articulated functional and non-functional requirements. Developed user stories, acceptance criteria and test cases for onshore and offshore development teams. IT Project Manager Brierley + Partners - Plano, TX January 2010 to July 2012 Plano, TX  Successfully developed and implemented Customer Loyalty and CRM platforms for top 100 retail clients including: JCPenney, Victoria Secret, GameStop, Hertz, Express, Hilton and Bloomingdales.  IT Project Manager Retail Industry (01/2010 to 07/2012)  Managed a cross-functional, global development team to build and deliver CRM solutions for leading retail organizations worldwide.  • Developed and managed the program/ project plan, project scope, identify potential risks and issues. Delivered weekly status reports and dashboard for executive reporting.  • Officiated the PMBOK processes for initiating, planning, executing, monitor & controlling and closing throughout project life cycle.  • Orchestrated Joint Application Development (JAD) sessions to identify project scope and requirements  • Ensured compliance with enterprise-wide policies and procedures including Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards (PCI DSS). Sr. business Analyst Brierley+Partners January 2008 to January 2010 Developed functional and technical specification documentation for our Customer Relationship Management (CRM) platform.  • Consulted with key business stakeholders to ascertain high-level business requirements and develop customer loyalty and CRM solutions to improve customer retention and increase revenue.  • Managed all client requests, providing ongoing support and overseeing administrator functions to enhance productivity of all users.  • Collaborated with developers, engineers and architects to conceptualize the business vision and develop the technical solution.  • Executed Quality Assurance (QA) and User Acceptance Testing (UAT) with our business partners to ensure superiority products and minimize defects. Lead Systems Engineer MEA Financial - Voice Access Inc 2004 to 2007 Managed a team of Systems Engineers through the entire project lifecycle from development, integration, implementation and technical support of Interactive Voice Response (IVR) systems focusing on financial institutions nationwide.  • Developed custom VB .NET and C# applications to interact with our proprietary voice response hardware and MS SQL Server backend  • Organized Joint Application Requirement (JAR) sessions to gather client requirements and needs  • Maintained relations with 500+ clients by successfully evaluating needs in order to provide the ideal hardware/software solution  • Directed, planned, monitored and reported project status to the appropriate stakeholders  • Performed unit testing and quality assurance to ensure quality of products and customer satisfaction  • Provided Level IV Technical Support on complex and systems integrated with large scale financial institutes Technical writer Nortel Networks - Richardson, TX 2000 to 2002 Developed operations documentation including system documentation, functional specifications, operating procedures and end-user guides.  • Collaborated with cross-functional teams to write training documentation for new hardware revisions, processes and procedure changes.  • Assembled, documented and maintained process documentation for new and established products for telecommunication solutions.  • Analyzed and documented data for system control workflows, high-level use cases, complex test cases, business process workflow diagrams and defined field specifications.  • Acted as a liaison between the end users, business units and technical teams to ensure efficient communication. Intern Nortel Networks 1999 to 2000 Preformed quality assurance testing on the Nortel - Digital Multiplex System (DMS-500) including functional, regression, integration and performance/load testing.  • Executed test plans and prepared test data for positive and negative test scenarios as per application and hardware requirements  • Responsible for test case development, defect tracking and processing change management requests  • Facilitated User Acceptance Testing (UAT) sessions with the internal stakeholders. Assimilated data for weekly status reports on defect tracking and resolution    Technical Proficiencies  Tools / Platforms  Salesforce, SharePoint, Team Foundation Server (TFS), VS Online, Azure DevOps, Apex Triggers, Visual Force, JIRA, Power BI, AppDynamics, OCR, RPA, Azure Machine Learning, Azure AI Studio, Rally, SSRS, Sitecore, Drupal    Business Process  Service Requests and Activities, Opportunities, Order Management, Campaign Management, Case Management, Contract Management, Pricing, Approval, Partner Deal Registration, Data Cleansing and De-duplication    ETL/Integration Tools SSIS, Force.com, Data loader, Force.com Workbench, CI/CD, Languages Object C, C++, VB.Net, C#.Net, Python, Pearl, Swift  Web Technologies HTML, HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, PHP, XML, JavaScript, jQuery, SOAP, WSDL, REST, Node.js, JSON  Databases Oracle, MS SQL Server, Mongo DB, Azure SQL Education Bachelor of Science in (B.S.), Computer Science University of Texas - Dallas, TX Skills Crm, Application development, Devops, Sharepoint, Ssrs, Team foundation server, Jira, Rally, Data cleansing, Etl, Machine learning, Power bi, User experience design, Apex, Ocr, Force.com, Optimization, User interface, Strategy planning, Contract management Additional Information Highlights of Expertise  • IT Leadership & Management  • Application Development & Design  • Process Improvement & Automation  • User Interface / User Experience Design  • Quality Assurance & Quality Control    • IT Strategy Planning & Execution  • Digital & Technology Transformation  • CRM Implementation & Optimization  • Program / Project Management  • Agile Scrum & Kanban Methodology