Digital Banking Manager/Senior Project Manager Digital Banking <span class="hl">Manager</span>/Senior <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Digital Banking Manager/Senior Project Manager - Credit Union ONE Beverly Hills, MI Leveraging 10 years of successful IT project delivery using waterfall and agile methodologies, I bring a balanced and informed perspective to project management and organizational change. With experience in leading IT teams as an Agile Product Owner and Scrum Master, I understand how to create highly productive teams and coach individuals for success. Work Experience Digital Banking Manager/Senior Project Manager Credit Union ONE - Ferndale, MI March 2018 to Present Product Owner/ Manager a development team to transform the digital banking platform at Credit Union ONE.  • Leading the initiative to replace the digital banking platform across organization through product planning, RFP development, vendor selection, contract pricing. Currently acting as Project Manager to guide twelve cross-functional teams toward conversion implementation of credit union and an acquired bank, along with digital transformation.  • Coaching senior management on digital transformation across organization to support a new model of customer engagement and service through digital channels.  • Guide Digital Banking Team by introducing and modelling SDLC and Agile practices and methodologies, including the implementation of GIT Hub for branching/merging code  • Develop training materials to support digital banking features; Train contact center and retail agents on digital banking enhancements  • Introduced roadmap planning to the organization in order to improve efficiency and productivity  • Coaches Digital Team members using Integrity Coaching strategies. As a result, team members are more confident, take on more challenging work, and are more productive.  • Manage releases for digital products with digital banking platform provider and internal developers Product Owner/ IT Team Manager Alliance Inspection Management - Farmington Hills, MI December 2017 to March 2018 Business and Technical Owner of audit software to support dealer floorplan management for captive finance companies.    • Managed IT development team with future enhancements and break-fixes.  • Guided the team and organization by modelling Agile practices and methodologies, including backlog refinement, sprint planning, tracking work through JIRA  • Provided daily production support to external clients and internal teams  • Supported clients with extensive reporting  • Coached clients in prioritizing feature requests, change requests, and contract refinement Agile Coach Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan - Detroit, MI September 2017 to December 2017 Led an enterprise initiative across 20 business areas to identify business process and systems solutions to replace the current billing method at Blue Cross while introducing Agile concepts to the business  • Coached the Product Owner, Scrum Master, Team, and other related leaders on Agile principles (collaboration, transparency, inspection, adaptation; inspires excitement within the team for the use of Agile  • Guided the team and organization by modelling Agile practices and methodologies  • Developed training materials to support Agile within the organization; Conducted training  • Initially led daily scrums, sprint reviews, and planning meetings to ensure full team engagement across multiple teams Senior Project Manager/Program Manager Crain Communications - Detroit, MI March 2015 to July 2017 Web CMS Project (Drupal)  • Managed three scrum teams across multiple global locations to implement Drupal across 15 Crain publication websites.  • Monitored daily productivity across time zones to ensure 24-hour continuous cycle of development and QA  • Directed QA efforts for test creation within development and business user UAT  • Through coordinated organization of development resources, able to reduce time for post-launch defect and issue resolution by 50% while increasing productivity by 30%.    Enterprise Engineering - Scrum Master/ PM  • Trained enterprise developers and business teams the Agile methodology and Scrum to create a productive development dynamic within Crain.  • Due to a sharpened focus of SDLC as a means of higher quality development, the development team experienced greater awareness of application lifecycle and accountability associated with testing, branch/merging through repositories (not previously used prior to adoption of scrum), and user acceptance testing prior to release.  • Educated Product Owners across CRM and Finance the benefits of backlog grooming to increase throughput  • By conducting regular backlog grooming and requirements gathering sessions, Dev team enjoyed more complete requirements from business users, allowing developers to increase productivity by 80%. Accuracy of build improved two-fold, enabling team to take on more project work within the organization    Salesforce.com CRM  Managed a Salesforce.com implementation to build a centralized CRM system for subscribers across twenty distinct publications:  • Functioning as Scrum Master, conducted daily stand ups for Dev/QA team. Introduced dev team to scrum ceremonies, JIRA board management, and SDLC process.  • Mentored Agile methodology across entire organization, which enabled accurate requirements gathering sessions for product backlog grooming, and easier removal of impediments due to increased role of business users within development. Introduced scrum ceremonies, JIRA board management, and SDLC process within Scrum.  • Achieved 150% increase in productivity within team by utilizing Agile methods that supported individual and team accountability Remote Services Consultant, CU Solutions Group Michigan Credit Union League - Livonia, MI June 2014 to February 2015 Provided consulting services to credit unions nationwide, leveraging industry knowledge, project management, sales, and digital/mobile experience. Strength areas include:  * Developed and consulted digital channel management strategies to increase credit union revenues through mobile, online, social media, and digital marketing  * Created customer experience strategies to improve customer retention  * Conducted mobile banking product demos  ? Close rate on new sales from webinar demos and site visits: 75%  * Conducted nationwide webinars for products and services to credit unions  ? Average follow up interest by audience, post-event: 25% IT Project Manager/Business Analyst Plymouth Rock Energy - Oak Park, MI February 2014 to June 2014 Salesforce.com ERP - IT Project Manager/ Scrum Master  Using Agile methodologies, managed application development for an ERP system build in Salesforce.com. Achieved a 100% increase in productivity by implementing scrum and coaching development team. Improved trust within business units by adopting transparent requirements gathering and end-user acceptance practices.  * Managed project plans across multiple development agile teams using Zendesk, JIRA and Smartsheet  * Facilitated sprint estimation sessions and reviews with scrum team, backlog refinement with business owner  * Improved/expanded team skills through coordination of regular training on new tools and developer shadowing Project Manager Flagstar Bank - Troy, MI June 2009 to February 2014 As Enterprise Project Manager and Call Center Project Manager during this tenure, coordinated project releases within the contact center to mitigate system and training impacts, and ensured parallel project work did not conflict with roll outs. Typically managed 5 - 9 projects at a time. Projects and upgrades include:    Salesforce Account Opening Project  * Functioning as a Business Analyst, developed business process flows for enterprise-wide retail account opening application integration for 125 branches and back office support.  * Incorporating ADKAR change management strategies, created and executed a successful organizational change communications plan within the retail division.  * Developed training materials and conducted banker and call center training across 105 branches.    Electronic Funds Transfer Project  * Managed a collaborative effort between training and communications work streams to replace a debit card provider through project plans, identifying risk and issues, and managing detailed activity schedules.  * Designed and implemented a customized IVR solution for managing customer inquiries for debit card activation, PIN resets, and lost card functionality.    Business Online Banking conversion  * Managed call center resources to support a successful online banking conversion for business clients.  ? Implemented change management strategies to ensure call center operations resumed normal call volumes within one week of conversion.  Mobile Banking  * Conducted UAT to support voice of the customer feedback regarding previous mobile banking experience  * Created call center and customer training materials for contact center to support mobile banking product launch.    Retail Banking product launches - Credit cards, Merchant Services, Card Migration  * Created and managed project plans to train call center agents to sell and support credit cards and merchant services.  * Co-managed a project to successfully migrate 125,000 customer accounts to a new product set with zero impact to customer accounts.    Office of the President  * Designed and implemented process improvements and audited tools within the Office of the President team for reporting and auditing cases, ensuring a consistent customer experience and improved case resolution time.  ? Met JD Power expectations for service in 2010 to achieve highest ranking in customer service Education teaching certification University of Michigan BS in Electronics Engineering Technology Indiana State University Skills Pmi, Pmp, Jira, Requirement gathering, Sdlc, Ms project, Visio, Change management, Ms sharepoint, Sharepoint, Portfolio management, Best practices, Product roadmap, Organizational change, Qa, User stories, Kanban, Excel, Powerpoint, Ms word Additional Information SKILLS    PMP-Trained, PMI Best Practices  Certified Agile Scrum Master  Certified Agile Product Owner  JIRA/Portfolio Management  Change Management/ADKAR  Kanban/SDLC  MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint  MS Project and Visio  MS SharePoint  Voice of the Customer  IT Dev Manager  QA Manager    • Leads organizational change by leveraging strong communication strategies across the organization  • Coaches team members to execute collaboratively with an agile mindset  • Directs organizational planning through product roadmap development, backlog refinement, work estimates, and building/managing executable plans across cross-functional teams  • Models efficient and effective requirement gathering methods, so that business needs are captured accurately and completely through user stories, acceptance criteria, and the definition of done  • Ensures IT teams utilize SDLC lifecycle best practices within sprint development to improve quality and reduce rework.  • Leads effective meetings through organized agendas, pre-defined goals/outcomes, and ensuring cross-organization collaboration to reduce redundant meetings across organization.