InfoSec Project Manager - Consultant InfoSec <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> - Consultant Consultant / InfoSec Project Manager - AluskyTech Denver, CO PMP certified Cybersecurity Project Manager with strong and superior problem-solving and critical thinking skills in managing highly-visible enterprise security and technology projects. Skilled in tackling problems in unique ways to develop innovative solutions. Successful experience working directly with the public/client as an information source and collaborating with other to achieve common goals. Work Experience InfoSec Project Manager - Consultant AluskyTech - Denver, CO July 2018 to Present Train clients on security policies, procedures and best practices  ? Assist various business groups with document organization and dissemination during acquisitions  ? Direct the installation and operation of all security control technologies  ? Manage IT infrastructure and Identity access management  ? Conduct investigations of potential non-compliance with Enterprise Security policies and procedures  ? Manage projects from initiation through delivery and closure  ? Ensure project delivery success and customer satisfaction  ? Investigate and develop multiple security projects both cyber and physical  ? Provide production support to security systems and tools used by Network Security Operations  ? Identify security issues and controls that mitigate risks to an acceptable level IT PROJECT MANAGER Kaiser Permanente - Denver, CO August 2017 to June 2018 Performed collaboration and communication activities in support of the data governance program and initiatives to include technical writing, presentations to a variety of audiences  ? Managed the implementation of the care management infrastructure by a combination of IT personnel and external vendors  ? Eliminated duplicative work between Shared Services and the Regions by transitioning work to the Shared Service, to support in a consistent/standard way  ? Conducted risk assessments and business impact analyses to identify vulnerabilities within critical business processes/functions  ? Educated client regarding unified customer experience and need for accessible user data across client applications and business divisions PROJECT MANAGER Kaiser Permanente - Greenwood Village, CO October 2015 to August 2017 Lead and facilitate of Risk Reduction Project with meetings and project coordination with SMEs, Principals, and cross functional team members for effective reduction and mitigation  ? Ensured alignment across multiple IT and business teams on overall project scope, schedule, budget, deliverables, and ensure that alignment is maintained through the duration of the engagement  ? Maintained and reviewed disaster recovery procedures for the restoration of mission-critical business applications in the event of natural disasters, technical failures, power outages, and human interference  ? Conducted risk assessments and business impact analysis to identify vulnerable areas within the company's critical functions  ? Privileged access management (PAM) including account discovery and vaulting, least privilege, session management and recording, and endpoint privilege management  ? Provide forensic analysis and evaluation of possible incidents related to infrastructure devices Project Manager - Operations Tyco Integrated Security, LLC - Aurora, CO September 2007 to September 2015 Lead all phases of a project, from concept through deployment, including business and system requirements, planning, scoping, scheduling, budgeting, development, testing, release planning and implementation  ? Established procedures and practices which promote the adoption of appropriate solutions and sustainability of desired results in moderately complex environments  ? Worked closely with business partners to help complete projects in a high quality manner, on-time, on-budget and on-scope, by providing reporting, analysis, planning, and coordination of various tasks and data  ? Responsible for proactively documenting and managing project change requests per SDLC standards, and to identify impact to project scope, schedule, and budget Project Coordinator /Team Manager- Operations ADT Security services - Aurora, CO September 2001 to September 2005 Managed team members in the development, monitoring, and/or reporting of process and /or service performance metrics.  ? Responsible for the training of project team members on industry standard methodology and reporting practices.  ? Ensured adherence of process/service execution with regulatory and internal compliance controls to minimize company risk.  ? Developed, organized, audited, and managed data sets large and small.  ? Ensured adherence of process/service execution with regulatory and internal compliance controls to minimize company risk. Education Certification University Of Denver - Denver, CO 2019 Master of Business Administration in Business Administration University of Phoenix - Lone Tree, CO 2006 Skills Audits (Less than 1 year), InfoSec (Less than 1 year), mitigation (1 year), scheduling (8 years), security (Less than 1 year), Siem, Information Security, Nist, Cyber Security, Cybersecurity, It Security, Linux, Comptia, Information Assurance, Network Security Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  Technical Project Management  Audits, Compliance and Business Reporting  Data analysis  Cybersecurity / InfoSec (Threat Assessment / Risk Mitigation)  CyberArk, Splunk    Risk Management, Resource Planning and Scheduling  Info Security Infrastructure and Authentication  Website and portal monitoring  Windows and Linux  Data Privacy applications & cryptography  Identity and Access Management