Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Edgewater, NJ Sponsorship required to work in the US Work Experience Project Manager TCVCOG - Pittsburgh, PA September 2016 to December 2016 Worked as the Project Manager for the Capstone final project, with a non-profit organization (TCVCOG, Pittsburgh,  PA) to minimize property blight and help code enforcement.  • Conducted interviews with the client, to understand how the client could create value for the city managers. This  resulted clear articulation of the work needed to be done  • Managed the scope of work and timely delivery of tasks and subtasks using the project management tool Asana. IT Consultant Goodwill Industries - Pittsburgh, PA May 2016 to August 2016 • Worked as Technology Consultant for the non-profit organization "Goodwill Industries".  • Used gamification to help employees adapt to new technological systems, by overcoming psychological barrier to learning new technology. Database Developer PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE - SAP Labs - Bangalore, Karnataka September 2012 to July 2015 Member of resource management team for Sybase-ASE (Adaptive Server Enterprise, an OLTP Database System)    • Memory Corruption:  Expertly recognized and solved an elusive memory corruption problem in the software  • Cache memory access algorithm alteration project:  Efficiently developed and implemented shared access of memory resources between parallel database server  threads running on different cores of the machine.  • QA: Worked with the testing team across continents to test the new feature of the product. Wrote several test cases  using TCL.  • Diagnostics: Created diagnostic tools related to memory management. This simplified the process the developers across the team used to check for memory corruption.  • Performance enhancement: Worked on multiple performance enhancement bug fixes. This involved alteration of the memory allocation and deallocation algorithms.  • Leadership: Mentored newer members of the team to bring them up to speed on ASE development process Education Master of Information Systems Management in IT Project Management Carnegie Mellon University - Pittsburgh, PA December 2017 Skills ASE (2 years), CLEARCASE (Less than 1 year), CSS (Less than 1 year), DATA MINING (Less than 1 year), DATABASES (Less than 1 year) Certifications/Licenses ITIL July 2016 to Present Additional Information SKILLS  • Programming: Java, C, Javascript  • Databases: SQL *Plus, Oracle 11g, ASE  • Data mining: SAS Enterprise Miner  • Operating Systems: Windows, Linux/Unix  • Scripting Languages: Shell scripting, HTML, CSS  • Tools: ClearCase - open source software code management, gdb - code debugging tool, putty