IT Manager/ERP Architect <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>/ERP Architect IT Manager/ERP Architect - CONSTELLIUM Auto Structures Van Buren, MI Work Experience IT Manager/ERP Architect CONSTELLIUM Auto Structures - Livonia, MI 2017 to Present Responsible for managing the alignment and consistent business processes of the Plex ERP system in North America, China, Spain and Europe for Constellium Global Auto Structures Group.  ? Managed the blueprinting and implementation processes for Accounts Receivable, General Ledger, Accounts Payable, Costing, Order Entry, Sales Analysis, Inventory Control, Manufacturing Execution, Shipping, EDI, and Purchasing modules.  ? Actively partnered with Business Leaders to design and implement business processes within the ERP solution to deliver an effective end-to-end business system.  ? Managed global staff, including hiring, training, conflict resolution, performance coaching and talent management.  Key Accomplishments:    ? Developed and managed the Plex ERP Center of Excellence, eliminating the need for External Consultants by developing a team of internal resources.    ? Reduced the cost of implementing ERP systems by 50% through shortening the implementation duration through using a more detailed and comprehensive internally resourced Blueprinting process. Consultant Department of Homeland Security - Detroit, MI 2002 to Present Plan, lead and supervise completion of comprehensive cyber terrorism, bioterrorism and port security protocols for protection of individuals, homes and business, commercial and industrial organizations. Strengthen awareness for the cities of Los Angeles, Chicago and Atlanta on security and contingency operations and plan development in the event of an actual disaster.  Key Accomplishments:  ? Effectively generated processes, wrote procedures, liaised with federal / local agencies and developed an Inter-Agency Intelligence / Law Enforcement communication system. Global IT (ERP) Manager Minth Group LTD - Wixom, MI 2015 to 2017 Responsible for all aspects of ERP lifecycle in North America, China and Europe for MINTH Group.  ? Manage processes for all aspects of the business including Accounts Receivable, General Ledger, Accounts Payable, Costing, Order Entry, Sales Analysis, Inventory Control, and Purchasing.  ? Actively partner with the business to develop strategies and needs to deliver an efficient ERP system.  ? Manage an international staff of 6 employees working the ERP helpdesk.  Key Accomplishments:    ? Successfully introduced process improvements and standardized accounting practices that allowed the alignment of US GAAP, Mexican accounting Standards, and EU regulatory standards to Chinese IFRS.    ? Led teams in three international locations to determine global model for Plex ERP operations. Redesigned business processes based on best practices in order to provide global metrics for Executive leadership. Senior Implementation Consultant Plex Systems - Troy, MI 2012 to 2015 Responsible for delivering a complete ERP solution to clients.  ? Managed multiple Clients through the successful implementation of Plex ERP System.  ? Ensured the successful completion of quality product and solution implementations.  ? Participated in the development and implementation of internal processes.  ? Performed requirements analysis with clients.  ? Managed the project activities of personnel.  Key Accomplishments:    ? Successfully created and maintained general ledger charts for clients as well as performed and assisted with end of weekly, monthly, quarterly and financial year to pre-tax stage for external accountants. This included checking and reconciling profit and loss and balance sheet accounts back to debtors, creditors and stock transactions.    ? Successfully documented processes, workflows, procedures and research to the finest detail. Communication and interpersonal skills demonstrated through customer service/relationship management, including liaising with customers, management, staff, suppliers, regulatory and transport authorities and financial bodies, and ability to communicate with individuals at all levels Project manager (Lead IT financial) Ford Motor Company - Dearborn, MI 2011 to 2012 Responsible for direction and architectural support utilizing agile methodology, for a transformation project that converted from GAAP to IFRS accounting principles.  ? Supplied a prioritized list of user stories to maximize delivery of general ledger components that would provide greatest value in terms of resolving strategic objectives.  ? Provided guidance for data modeling with a focus on a flexible design that could adapt to changes in data sources.  ? Took initiative to fill a gap in knowledge and became the data analyst and subject matter expert for implementation of IFRS rules.  Key Accomplishments:    ? Project Manager and Process owner of an IFRS Budgeting, Planning and Consolidation application (BPC) for Ford Motor Co Product Development Finance department.    ? Instrumental in the development of organizational structure that moved the company from GAAP to IFRS accounting principles.    ? Instituted an Agile delivery process and a common set of performance measurements for delivering all solutions that allowed productivity to grow by 20%.    ? Moved the company from an Excel based profit management to an ESSBASE analytical which provided real-time visibility into capital, expense and labor expenditures.    ? Introduced Agile driven project management practices. Executive Consultant (ERP Alignment) DTE ENERGY - Detroit, MI 2006 to 2011 Accountable for planning, scoping, scheduling, budgeting and quality control of the Enterprise Business Re-engineering project (SAP process alignment) and program management office development. Arrange and oversee annual capital and O&M budgets for the Fossil Generation department of DTE Energy, which consists of 7 senior leaders, 2553 employees, contractors and 18 cost centers with an annual operating budget of $1.3 billion (O&M) and $850 million (Capital).  ? Develop processes to generate, update and track project-level financial forecasts for 284 projects with a peak level of 500 resources and $5.5 million monthly capital plus O&M expenses along with the RFQs. Present principle contract administration for all Fossil Generation and Nuclear Development suppliers. Provide direction to an eight-person cross company team tasked with assessment of DTE's Portfolio Management policies and procedures.  ? Effectively generate new requirements, policies and standards using DOE PM Standards, as well as expand, prepare and deliver presentations on supply chain contract management principles, SAP integration, reengineering changes and project financial management to all Fossil Generation and Nuclear Development employees. Accomplish project-level forecasts to form program-level financial forecasts, which will be utilized to identify problems, conceptualize corrective actions and notify senior leaders.  ? Develop business transformation strategies in coordination with C-level executives as well as assist with the enhancement and analysis of SAP R/3 application use, end user training and data quality/ architecture plans creation.  Key Accomplishments:  ? Successfully led project teams and program leaders in developing and executing numerous cross-functional process improvement initiatives, resulting in the enhancement and implementation of strategic process for finance, procurement and human resource management, which included DTE's Contract Management Training Program creation and nuclear development/DOE licensing processes.  ? Played an integral role in the design and construction of frameworks for procurement, contract management and unbilled liability (Sarbanes-Oxley), which was adapted company-wide as guide for current Enterprise operations. SAP Implementation Consultant Change Review Board 2002 to 2006 In charge of defining feasibility, organizing management direction, expanding and performing project management plans and addressing needs for customization. Produced and presented As-Is and To-Be models that summed up re-engineering growth in order to recognize gaps and update business plan.  ? Defined and carried out steps that are needed for the integration process using the ASAP methodology; engaged with project planning by distributing status to Steering Committee and Executive Management. Effectively expanded and directed business transformation sessions (As Is-To Be) workshops to develop Go-live program state.  ? Proactively involved in designing all training material, job aids, presentations and CBTs; assembling system requirements for end user to super users; instituting, updating and facilitating training programs; allocating and implementing budget; and coordinating user conferences for completion and roll out of new; as well as in launching and directing the Change Review Board.  Key Accomplishments:  ? Successfully streamlined financial (FICO), HR, work management, finance (AR/AP) and supply chain systems (SCM), procedures, processes and practices through effectively implementation of innovative re-engineering techniques.  ? Consolidated resources from India, United States, Germany and United Kingdom to expand RFP response, execute orals, classify risk mitigation strategies and execute contract language reviews.  ? Provided proficient oversight in executing staffing projections, suitable diligence activities and valuable client presentations concerning case studies, methodology, collaboration with third-party suppliers and emergency support.  ? Successfully spearheaded SAP implementation for an $800 million SAP portfolio), providing direction in the creation of program level project plans and estimates for functionality add-ons, instance consolidation and new implementation projects; developed and presented long-term roadmap that outlined business cases for 2 full SAP implementations. Project Manager Ford Motor Company - Dearborn, MI 2000 to 2002 Managed the entire facets of Manufacturing Execution System (MES) software development projects as well as determined arrangement that would meet end user needs through examining various systems. Oversaw all phases of the design process, which included business process re-engineering, user acceptance testing guidelines, ad-hoc reporting along with Rapid Application Design (RAD) procedures and software development.  ? Administered a team consisting of 15 programmers, 8 database administrators and 15 system integrators; observed growth to ensure that project timelines and budgets were met. Directed the Procurement Integration team, which redeveloped procurement standards and implemented several Ariba modules as part of the Everest program.  ? Oversaw expense budgets ranging from $1.5 to $250 million, controlling costs and suitably assigning funds to distribute projects on time and within budget limits.  Key Accomplishments:  ? Devised decision support architecture, adopted Information Engineering methodology and instituted project planning and management procedures to guarantee the successful completion of all projects.  ? Expanded and executed an end-to-end procurement framework that facilitated faster, more effective communication and better compliance between stakeholders and suppliers. Project Manager (Business Transformation) Daimlerchrysler - Auburn Hills, MI 1996 to 2000 Organized the launch of Daimlerchrysler's Latin American Manufacturing Execution System (MES) software application. Urbanized a fully incorporated project plan, which included all system, hardware, software, verification and test tasks through the utilization of Microsoft Project.  ? Conveyed a suite of plant floor applications to meet vital corporation manifestation objectives as well as executed business case expansion in order to launch a program collection that met Latin American manufacturing needs and U.S. reporting standards. Spent a year on the plant floor to gain valuable insight, mentoring and training the project staff on automotive manufacturing operations, networks and control systems.  Key Accomplishments:  ? Successfully attained 100% productivity levels in the Information Technology Management group by generating and implementing numerous organizational, administrative, managerial and tracking procedures and methodologies.  ? Effectively decreased commodity delivery cycles to guarantee timely launch through effective negotiations with U.S. and Mexican Customs and suppliers. Information Technology Director Worldwide Logistics Mexico - Mexico City, MX 1994 to 1996 Managed system growth and business process re-engineering for Latin America business units, and manufactured long-range business plans, which included operations, project management and general management.  ? Led efforts of a team of 80 professionals throughout 12 locations. Arranged, designed and implemented information systems and services to rapidly "stand alone" from separated U.S. corporate functions.  Key Accomplishments:  ? Effectively organized migration of corporate information systems from facilities in Mahwah, New Jersey to the corporate headquarters facility in Mexico City, Mexico. Managed all features of the complex project.  ? Successfully built the logistics database application for Just-In-Time shipments from Mexico to the United States, which significantly contributed in sustaining the progress of the business line. Education Master of Business Administration in Business Administration University of Kentucky - Lexington, KY Bachelor of Science in Biological Science in Mathematics University of Texas - El Paso, TX Additional Information ? Possess extensive background in the complete supervision, management and delivery of complex international and domestic ERP implementation projects.  ? Skilled in Costing (Actual and Standard), purchasing, accounts payable, supply chain management, manufacturing, operations, strategic planning and contract and vendor management.  ? Certified eBusiness Project Manager, Six Sigma Master Black Belt and Certified Homeland Security Consultant holding a current Top Security Clearance.