BANCO FALABELLA - Manager PMO BANCO FALABELLA - <span class="hl">Manager</span> PMO BANCO FALABELLA - Manager PMO Miami, FL Work Experience BANCO FALABELLA - Manager PMO EXPERIENCIA November 2018 to 2019 Establish work plans based on the objectives, scope and context of the projects under their charge, relating these points with the service required of the PMO.  ? Identify, monitor and actively manage risks, problems and deviations related to projects under its management orbit  ? Collaborate with the Project Manager / Project Manager in the management of critical issues, proposing alternatives and recommendations  ? Develop quality deliverables both in the face of projects, as well as senior management and the internal PMO team.  ? Communicate and collaborate in the learning process of project team members, regarding the methodological model for planning and managing them.  ? Monitor and control the progress of project schedules, providing support to identify deviations and take preventive and corrective actions.  ? Assist Project Managers in identifying risks and strategies required to mitigate their impact.  ? Assist the Project Managers in identifying problems and presenting strategies to solve them.  ? Support in the evaluation and registration of the changes requested in scope, time and budget of the project.  ? Maintain and update the metrics of project management indicators and the PMO.  ? Propose improvements to the project management methodology and support tools.  ? Maintain and update the project management methodology and support tools. Project Manager TI MANPOWER February 2017 to 2018 Deployment of the methodological development of project management for the implementation of project information systems.  ? Coordination and prioritization of the computer demand of automation requirements of the project with Users.  ? Planning, monitoring and control of the project schedule, identifying bottlenecks and proposing solutions.  ? Management and control of resources assigned to the Project (33 people).  ? Monitoring and control of the budget assigned to the project.  ? Verification of compliance with technical, operational and functional specifications.  ? Preparation of project management and monitoring reports (compliance with progress, activities and KPI indicators).  ? Implementation of good practices and process improvement to ensure compliance with KPIs. Project Manager TI MDP Consulting 2014 to February 2017 Leader of the Process Improvement and Productivity Team at the Organization's Software Factory  ? Responsible for the management of the projects assigned to the team: planning, monitoring and control of the schedule and resources.  ? Responsible for the implementation project of the CMMI Model Maturity Level 3 in software factory development, maintenance and testing projects.  ? Responsible for defining, adapting, implementing and improving the processes of the MDP software factory and the measurement, analysis and control of the indicators.  ? Responsible for the configurations and implementations of technological tools to support the processes IT Process Consultant ITera process sac 2013 to November 2014 Implementation of CMMI process areas related to Project Management, Engineering, Support and Process Management tailored to the Client  ? Definition and establishment of management indicators and process operations  ? Consulting and advising clients to comply with the practices related to CMMI, ISO, ITIL and PMBOK.  ? Quality Audits. Project Manager TI CANVIA SAC February 2012 to May 2013 Definition and preparation of project proposals.  ? Project qualification and selectivity (identification of applicable process)  ? Project planning, identifying the activities to be carried out, resources, deadlines and risks.  ? Monitoring and control of projects, communicating the status of indicators and proposals for corrective actions.  ? Preparation and presentation of project reports Project Manager TI Process Consulting 2011 to 2011 Participation in the definition and development of CMMI service proposals for Process Consulting clients.  ? Evaluation services and implementation of CMMI process areas related to Project Management, Engineering, Support and Process Management, tailored to the Client.  ? Definition and establishment of process metrics  ? Member of the Evaluation Team in SCAMPI A in different companies in the country Quality and process manager CANVIA SAC 2006 to 2010 Definition and implementation of the SW Factory for GMD, taking as reference the CMMI N3 model  ? Evaluation SCAMPI C, SCAMPI B and GAP analysis taking as reference the CMMI model in internal clients (DyM Project, Evolutionary Development Project - TdP, Testing Project - TdP) and external clients such as SUNAT.  ? Participation in the implementation of the CMMI model in the Testing Project - TdP and Evolutionary Development Project - TdP  ? Maintenance of practices to ensure the integrity and quality of the project's artifacts.  ? Identification, collection and management of process improvements  ? Preparation and execution of plans and training / training activities, to the users of the project's artifacts, coordinating these activities with the corresponding areas of the organization.  ? Preparation and execution of audit plans for the assurance of adherence to the processes based on the CMMI 1.2 model.  ? Teacher of the course Introduction to Process Improvement with CMMI 1.2 Education Bachelor's in Information Systems and Computer science San Martín de Porres University 1992 to 1999