IT Project Manager / PC Refresh Coordinator <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> / PC Refresh Coordinator IT Project Manager / PC Refresh Coordinator - FirstEnergy Cleveland, OH Client-focused change management professional with more than 20 years of experience in project management, organizational change management, client support, and systems administration roles. Is adept at organizing and completing complex tasks. Experienced with addressing all levels of client support, from executive coaching to basic IT hardware troubleshooting, spanning a broad spectrum of business environments. Exceptional customer service and communication skills. Strong ability to effectively multitask, prioritize, delegate, respond appropriately as emergent issues warrant, and identify process and/or client experience improvement opportunities. Work Experience IT Project Manager / PC Refresh Coordinator FirstEnergy February 2018 to Present Ongoing PC inventory maintenance project and desktop support administration.  • Facilitate world class customer service experience, focus on hardware adoption • Preparation, software licensing, and configuration of laptop and desktop PCs as needed • Maintain detailed process and progress documentation Desktop Support Representative/Systems Administrator IBM July 2017 to January 2018 Ongoing desktop support and systems administrator role maintaining computing devices at the Cleveland Clinic.  • Facilitate world class customer service experience, part of initial transformation team • Imaging and updating for laptop and desktop computers • Respond to calls to assist with configuration, break/fix, moving/relocating, imaging of PC equipment.  • Configuration and administration of Desktops, Laptops, Printers, Tablets, Mobile devices, Network equipment, and all related software IT Project Manager Memory Clean and Clear April 2017 to June 2017 Business development project. Provided consultation and project guidance for regional IT startup offering data and file maintenance, backup, and general IT support services • Development of service model for app based PC maintenance service • Define workflow processes, service level agreement, software licensing, and scope of services offered • Creation of in-house training and certification process to qualify technicians to fulfill service requests IT Project Manager / Technical Coordinator Northwestern Mutual Investment Services November 2016 to March 2017 IT project management role responsible for re-integrating desktop support services into an organization which had previously outsourced them. Served to strengthen relationship between corporate headquarters and regional offices located in northern Ohio • Secure mobile devices for vpn and email access • Configure printer access for all staff • Responsible for care and maintenance of all company computing devices in region • Provide feedback, implement support processes, and assist with planning of long-term IT support project to insource IT support services • Consulting and best-practices guidance to all regional and network office employees, including training and support for Office 365, Dropbox, Box.com, Crashplan, as well as Microsoft Windows (7, 8.1, and 10), OSx, iOS, Android, and Mac OS devices.  • Ongoing deskside, telephone, and remote support to ensure data retention and regulatory compliance IT Project Manager / Desktop Support Technician / Systems Administrator Case Western Reserve University - Weatherhead School of Management December 2010 to July 2016 December 2010 to July 2016    Consulting, coaching, and ongoing desktop support for more than 800 faculty, staff, and graduate students.  Ongoing systems administration and PC inventory management role, responsible for maintaining and supporting a fleet of 400+ desktop and laptop computing devices.  • Imaging and updating for 20 classroom computers and 60 seat computer labs • Assistant systems administrator maintaining Microsoft Server 2012r2, Active directory permissions, and enterprise planning • Respond to calls for break/fix, moving/relocating, and new setup of equipment. Requires knowledge and skills to either assist the user to fix the problem, or escalate the problem to the appropriate person.  • Configuration and administration of Desktops, Laptops, Printers, Tablets, Mobile devices, Network equipment, and all related software • Install and configure all Desktop software Desktop Support Technician Case Western Reserve University - University Hospitals September 2009 to October 2010 Day-to-day desktop support and IT consulting for CWRU students and faculty, and the UH Community. End-user support included conducting hardware repair and replacement functions for Dell, Apple, and HP devices. Additional responsibilities involved security and identity management audits, and data recovery.  • Identify and procure hardware and software needed to satisfy user requirements.  • Install all peripheral components such as printers, scanners phones and disk drives.  • Load appropriate software packages such as operating systems, networking components and office applications.  • Assist in the customization and adaptation of existing programs to meet users' requirements.  • Provide telephone, in-person and remote support to end-users. Desktop Support Technician/Team Lead Allstate Insurance Company July 2006 to August 2008 Provide ongoing remote software, hardware, and desktop support to Allstate's 18,000 agency locations. Serve as Team Leader, provide analyst training, and serve as client escalations specialist for my team. Responsible for overseeing administration of user accounts, printer assignments, and configuration on the ALSTAR system (Allstate's proprietary AS400 server farm) • Coordinate activities with network services and information systems groups.  • Provide updates, status and completion information to manager and/or users, via voice mail, e-mail or in-person communication.  • Connect users to networks and provides initial training in facilities and applications.  • Monitor ticketing system and completes tickets in a timely manner. Unix Systems Administrator / Desktop Support Technician Edgerton Corporation April 2003 to March 2006 • Provide remote desktop support for 2000+ clients in conjunction with Edgerton's Minitrac product.  • Responsible for configuration and server administration of Minitrac product and SCO Unix (Openserver) installations.  • Manage cross hardware-platform data migration and customization.  • Serve as main support contact for all internal hardware and software utilized by Edgerton's 40 employee staff.  • Management and administration of VPN end-points and ASP hosting of Minitrac.  • Oversee and direct testing, debugging, and product enhancement efforts of Minitrac product. IT Project Manager / Director of Technical Services Bright.net May 2000 to April 2002 • Developed, documented, and implemented operating practices and procedures for Technical Support department with innovative regional ISP, providing support services to more than 50,000 end users.  • Co-developed and maintained in house, SQL/web-based incident ticketing and tracking system.  • Lead internal staff and directed outside contractors, facilitating continuous enhancements to customer support, satisfaction, and retention efforts. Education Master of Science in Positive Organizational Development and Change Case Western Reserve University - Cleveland, OH Certifications/Licenses The Certificate in Emotionally Intelligent Leadership and Executive Coaching May 2016 to Present The Appreciative Inquiry Certificate in Positive Business and Societal Change May 2016 to Present Assessments Technical Support — Highly Proficient April 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to apply protocols to identify errors and solutions in order to maintain system function. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/ex1g-ntlix1jg4kj Critical Thinking — Highly Proficient April 2019 Measures a candidate’s ability to use logical approaches when solving problems. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/f0ljmk0sazgj46w3 Customer Focus & Orientation — Proficient April 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to respond to customer situations with sensitivity. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/j7db8ypfb44uwqqr CRM Skills with Salesforce — Proficient April 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to demonstrate a knowledge of Salesforce objects, fields, and processes. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/nvawyya0p2fmywex Organizational Skills — Proficient April 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to arrange and manage files or records using a set of rules. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/7pexxthnflllxrhj Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information • Interpersonal Communication Skills  • Project Quality: Balancing Cost, Time, and Scope  • Power of mindfulness @ Work • Microsoft Certified Professional Training  • Administering Microsoft System Center Configuration Manager Training  • Apple Certified Support Professional Training  • Dell Certified Service Technician Training  • Supporting and Troubleshooting Windows 10 Training