IT Project Manager (contractor) <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> (contractor) Project Manager (Contractor) Miami, FL Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager (contractor) European Wax Center - Hallandale Beach, FL January 2019 to Present ? Project Management: Lead effort to replace a legacy supply chain ordering portal used by nationwide network with ShopifyPlus eCommerce platform. Required defining scope, creating timelines with dependencies, writing user-stories, creating JIRA tickets, managing the UAT process, and leading Sprint Reviews. Also required coordinating the effort of a matrix team from accounting, legal, marketing, supply  chain, salesforce.com dev, AWS dev, 3rd party software developers, and 3rd party logistics partners (XPO). Project Manager (Contractor) Regent Seven Seas Cruises - Miami, FL 2018 to 2019 Regent Seven Seas Cruises is a division of Norwegian Cruise Lines  ? Project Management: coordinated effort across Marketing, IT, and an outside creative agency (Y&R/VML) to overhaul consumer website. Included leading weekly Sprint Reviews (Agile), managing feedback to vendor  on proposed user experience, enabling prototype testing, collecting requirements for SEO and Analytics, and coordinating translation of content (copy & images) into Drupal 8 Content Management Systems (CMS). Senior Project Manager Intradeco Apparel - Miami, FL 2015 to 2018 Intradeco is a manufacturer of brands, such as Fruit of a Loom, and distributes via Wal-Mart/ Amazon.com.  ? Project Management: lead effort to streamline data entry into retailer systems by deploying a SaaS-based  (Salsify) Product Information & Digital Asset Manager (PIM/DAM) that automated the creation of copy,  images, and UPC/GTIN information via 1WorldSync/GXS catalogue services.  ? B2B Saleforce.com: collected business requirements, lead vendor RFP process, and implemented rollout of eCommerce enhancements to improve user experience and increase order fulfillment rate.  ? Cloud architecture: lead discussions with Azure, AWS and third party providers to implement a three year  plan to migrate all enterprise applications and databases (SAP, .NET, Warehouse Management Systems) from on-premise to public cloud providers. Senior Project Manager OpenEnglish.com - Miami, FL 2014 to 2015 Miami, FL  OpenEnglish is a English-as-a-Second-Language provider that teaches students across LatAm via VOIP.  ? Project Management: completed joint-venture negotiations with the largest Brazilian online university, and led effort to plan, test and deploy the IT and operational integration to sell to 400,000 students via online  checkout. This included using Agile/Scrum to lead technical teams in Brazil and Argentina responsible for APIs into CRM (Salesforce.com), billing (Zuora), and language learning platforms.  ? Project Management: rolled out a B2C email-lead-nurturing platform, based on InfusionSoft by developing  campaign methodology, marketing assets, A/B testing, and KPIs post-launch. Marketing Analytics Advisor IBM - Miami, FL 2010 to 2013 Finance Manager JP Morgan Chase - Seattle, WA 2001 to 2008 Education M.B.A. University of Washington - Seattle, WA 2010 M.S. London School of Economics - London 2000 B.A. V anderbilt University - Nashville, TN 1999 Skills Excel (Less than 1 year), JIRA (Less than 1 year), MS Excel (Less than 1 year), Project Management (5 years), Salesforce.com (1 year), PMP, SDLC, PMI, PM, Estimating, Outlook, Scheduling, budget, Maintenance Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) January 2019 to Present Additional Information CERTIFICATIONS & SKILLS  ? Project Management Professional (PMP #2308856) - Jan 2019  ? Certified Scrum Product Owner (CSPO) - Jul 2014  ? Experienced with Smartsheet, JIRA, Confluence, MS Excel, Tableau, & Salesforce.com  ? Fluent in Spanish and Portuguese. Dual Colombian/USA citizen  ? Completed 2010 Ironman triathlon to raise funds for the National Multiple Sclerosis Society