Security Project Manager Security <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Full Time-Staff - Lakeland Regional Health Systems Saint Joseph, MI Driven by my passion in information technology; seeking to continue applying that passion within the healthcare industry, to implement technology that results in great patient care and leads to excellent health outcomes.    Professional Commitment:  • Security Infrastructure Design  * Healthcare Security Implementation  * Leadership  * Healthcare Security Project Management  * Data Loss Prevention  * Security Compliance  * Auditing  * Risk Audit  * Incident Response  * Remediation  • Training and development  • Project management  • Policy development  • Instructional design Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Security Project Manager Lakeland Regional Health Systems November 2013 to Present Senior IT Project Analyst - Security & Application Portfolio Management December 2015-Present  ? Focusing on information technology security, I am assisting Lakeland with rolling out a well-developed security portfolio to limit their risk to outside attacks. This includes implementing new applications to protect the organization from both inside outside attacks.  ? Business continuity planning (BCP)  ? Disaster recovery planning,  ? Strategic planning  ? Government Regulation and Compliance(GRC) implementation.  ? Application Portfolio Management- Working with Lakeland to review their applications, align their information systems to push the organization to achieve success by implementing new software, cutting out redundancies, and identifying lack of utilization thus improving application value to the organization. Adjunct Professor University of Michigan January 2013 to Present Part Time- Adjunct Professor  Professor of Information Management Jan 2013 -Present  ? Developing courses and teaching for University of Michigan- Rackham School of Graduate Studies.  ? Courses concentrate on the fast pace changes in the healthcare sector, information technology, lean practitioner practices, EHR implementation, revenue cycle management, data security and integrity, and much more.  ? Storage, retrieval, sharing, and optimal use of health-related information, data and knowledge for problem solving and decision making in a variety of health-related organizational settings. Planning, selection, deployment and management of electronic medical records (EMR), management decision support and tracking systems (DSS), and other health information technologies. IT Administrator University of Michigan October 2013 to December 2015 Network/ Application / Software support Education Masters of Business Administration in Health Care Administration University of Michigan 2012 Bachelors of Science in Computer Information Systems University of Michigan 2010 Certified Information Systems Security Professional ISC Certifications/Licenses Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) November 2016 to December 2019 Project Management Professional (PMP) February 2017 to February 2020