Project Coordinator/ Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> Coordinator/<span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Coordinator/ Manager Englewood, CO Work Experience Project Coordinator/ Manager Dish Wireless - Englewood, CO May 2019 to August 2019 • Oversees the completion of construction and acceptance for all cell tower related equipment to provide cellular service to 70% of the country by March, 2020 as part of an FCC mandate.  • Ensures timely completion and organizes any mobilization requests that need to be completed for tower related issues. Sr. Procurement Manager - Centurylink Centennial, CO October 2018 to December 2018 • Oversees a large scale project designed to gather all new Master Agreements and contracts for over 700 different vendors as a part of the Centurylink and Level 3 merger.  • Manages and liaises between stakeholders and vendor to execute SOW's across all business sectors to include Real Estate, Construction, Right of Way and more.  • Creates and manages large spreadsheets in Excel to capture all data related to the MSA project.  • Coordinates and provide business analysis on a daily basis; analyzing file data, MSA's and supplier forms utilizing SalesForce, SAP (Purchase Orders) and Excel to provide status updates regularly to stakeholders and team executives.  • Provides regular updates and vendor management tracking utilizing SAP and Excel. Real Estate Agent Lyon Homes - Centennial, CO September 2013 to December 2018 IT Vendor & Contracts Manager - NTTA Data Centennial, CO February 2018 to May 2018 • Project Manage a large-scale effort to obtain all MSA's, .KMZ files and other pertinent supplier information as it relates to set-up.  • Creates and manages large spreadsheets in Excel to capture all data related to the MSA project.  • Manages the complete vendor onboarding program.  • Manages, negotiates, red-lines and executes all required supplier contracts.  • Coordinates and provide business analysis on a daily basis; analyzing file data, MSA's and supplier forms utilizing SalesForce and Excel and provides status updates regularly to stakeholders and team executives. Project Planner/ Manager Centennial, CO December 2016 to February 2018 • Responsible for network planning and project management; of large construction telecom projects.  • Responsible for project coordination, scheduling and ordering of all required equipment.  • Project coordinates and manages the team to ensure timely and successful installation of all equipment. Project Manager/Coordinator Comcast - Centennial, CO October 2014 to December 2015 • A member of the DevOps/Agile leadership team; facilitating project logistics; such as meetings, conference calls, provides general support to DevOps/Agile software engineers and participates in leadership and agile Scrum meetings.  • Project Manager responsible for coordinating all aspects of a physical relocation effort for a large team of engineers including; team events and team support, logistics, office design and redesign, facilities and telecommunications requirements and getting teams excited about relocating.  • Coordinates all logisitics, design and catering details for bi-weekly events to include showcases, trainings and meetings.  • Assist in Facilities coordination; to include logistics related to relocating a large department to new location.  • Project manages all aspects of office redesign to include; new furniture, layout, logistics, and telephony requirements.  • Acts as an advisor/liaison to key business partners regarding ongoing projects, routine tasks, and overall operations.  • Event coordination; including meeting set-up and tear down, logistics and providing all catering details for large events, trainings sessions, brochures and marketing material for conventions and trade shows.  • Manages all aspects of contract management and negotiation for vendors as it relates to speakers for events or materials to redesign office.  • Creates and manages large spreadsheets in Excel to capture all data related to the office relocation project; as well as, ongoing daily projects for team distribution. IT Vendor & Contracts Manager Remote IQNavigator - Centennial, CO October 2012 to June 2014 • Reports to the VP of Shared Services as an Administrator in a Shared Services/Professional Services capacity providing consultative resolution to negotiated contracts for both suppliers, clients and managed partners alike.  • Prepares, drafts, negotiates, administers, and interprets and manages all new supplier and customer contracts; including, contracts, MSA's, SOW's, Supplier Letter's, amendments, termination letters COI's and RFx's.  • Manages the complete supplier onboarding process from initial request through supplier training; this includes creating supplier profiles and managing all NDA's, MWDVE, W-9's and ACH payment request forms.  • Reviews and negotiates all red-lined contracts and consults/liaises with executives and in-house legal to ensure accuracy.  • Responsible for suppler onboarding and provides user interface training to all new suppliers.  • Creates and manages large comprehensive spreadsheets in Excel to capture all data related to the status of various supplier contracts and client MSA's. Program & Account Manager IQNavigator Greenwood Village, CO May 2010 to October 2012 • Reports directly to VP of Client Services, providing account management to establish and maintain a large sourcing pipeline in a SaaS environment for large-scale programs within the healthcare, retail, aviation and defense government contractor/ IT sectors.  • Responsible for mentoring, coaching and training all new hires and monitoring successes and opportunities for improvement; as well as, provides on-going feedback to ensure success.  • Supplier Management - Ensures SLA/KPI's are met. Manages all suppliers to ensure account compliance and serves as a POC for all supplier-related questions related to job postings; including contractor pay, job duties, length of employment, terminations, etc. Manages the full lifecycle recruiting process for a large MSP program.  • Manages 100+ job requisitions daily consisting of 20+ positions.  • Recruits, interviews and manages all strategic recruiting aspects of IT recruitment including onboarding and clearances for IT and high level positions. Project Manager/Sr. Engineer Centurylink - Centennial, CO January 2000 to June 2010 • Responsible for network planning and project management; of large construction telecom projects.  • Responsible for project coordination, scheduling and ordering of all required equipment.  • Project coordinates and manages the team to ensure timely and successful installation of all equipment.  • Orders all material and provides all design specifications to installations including detailed Cad drawings.  • Manages the full life cycle of each planned project to design, installation and successful completion of all projects.    OTHER Education BA in Human Resources Management Ashford University May 2014 Skills Ordering, Contracts, Logistics, Excel, Ms office, Outlook, Large-scale, Remedy, Sharepoint, Real estate, Drafting, Onboarding, Coaching, Human resources, Retail, Training, New hires, Customer service Additional Information Superior Customer Service Team-Player Self-Starter Problem-Solver Multi-Tasker Leader/Coach Quality Driven Exemplary Work Ethic Business Acumen Highly Analytical Detail-Oriented    SKILLS  • Project Management - 10+ years managing large-scale projects; to include ordering and tracking materials, project milestones, installation, and delivery.  • Human Resources - 4+ years in a human resources capacity; responsible for screening resumes, onboarding the contractor, drafting the job responsibilities and facilitating the end-to-end hiring process.  • Management/Leadership - 2+ years' experience in managing and coaching subordinates, training new hires and managing large corporate events of 500 + attendees.  • Project Coordination- 5+ years' experience working in a team environment to coordinate and manage various installation and remodeling projects, team events, training sessions, workshops and more.  • Contracts Management - 5 years' cumulative experience drafting, reviewing, interpreting and negotiating contracts for IT partners and clients in various industries including real estate, government, logistics and retail.  • Event Management - 5 years' experience organizing, facilitating and providing all design, logistics and catering details for events as a real estate professional and in a corporate setting with up to 500 in attendance.  • Excellent ability to multi-task, prioritize, make sound judgement decisions and excel in fast-paced environments.  • Exemplary customer service skills and the ability to handle escalations with professionalism to obtain positive outcomes.  • Excellent verbal, written and interpersonal communicate skills and strong ability to generate new business and foster communication that is required to ensure strong partner relationships.    TECHNICAL SKILLS  MS Office Sharepoint SalesForce Remedy Outlook DocuSign Google Suite  Numerous Company specific programs, software, and databases