IT Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Caguas, P.R, US Knowledgeable and assertive IT Manager and Project Manager with extensive experience managing technical staff and teams within the Development, Infrastructure, Server, Network and Help Desk areas. Manage project risks, track records of expenditure, costs, budgets, resource allocation, and project teams up to twenty-five (25) people while participating in all phases of the Project Life Cycle.  Background includes guiding and directing the Lotus Notes to MS Exchange migration and the creation of a text message to email gateway for Claro PR, the verification and validation of all the communication infrastructure for the city of San Juan, the implementation of a computerized chronic disease management system for Triple-S and Humana PR, the creation of a data matching service between CMS and PR Medicaid offices, the implementation of new pre-authorization systems for MMM among others. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Manager New Avon LLC - Caguas, PR April 2017 to Present • Manage seven technical employees monitoring status, and controlling project changes, costs, budgeting, design, development, testing, and implementation.  • Responsible for the total strategic and management of all IT operations in Puerto Rico and Caribbean.  • Provides expertise and support during systems upgrades, installations, conversions and file maintenance.  • Manage security solutions, network hardware and equipment, and telecommunications.  • Negotiate service level agreements with both internal and external customers and service providers and monitor service delivery to ensure the agreed targets and standards are met.  • Work with internal business customers to understand and analyze their needs, issues and challenges presenting solutions to the business, senior management and project teams.  • Responsible for the development of an annual business plan and operating budget for the department and monitor the implementation of these to ensure that the financial targets are met.  • Develop the IT staff to meet the changing needs of users, group and department; new projects and technologies, and varying staff strengths  • Ensures Team development and departmental strength via knowledge transfer of systems and resources. Senior IT Project Manager MMM Holdings LLC - San Juan, PR 2011 to 2017 MMM is a health plan especially designed to benefit the elderly and disabled population of Medicare.  • Manage the deployment of a new system for MMM Health Services department, combining multiples system in one. Saving thousands in software licenses and improve communication by sharing information between different departments.  • Lead MMM claim's system upgrade, helping comply with CMS regulation and maintaining operational efficiencies, for example: TAT to pay claims (around 89% of all claims are processed in the first pass).  • CMS compliance project manager ( HIPAA ASC X12 5010 / ICD10 )  • Creates and executes project work plans and revises as appropriate to meet changing needs and requirements  • Identifies resources needed and assigns individual responsibilities.  • Manages day-to-day operational aspects of a project and scope.  • Reviews deliverables prepared by team before passing to client.  • Effectively applies MMM PM2 methodology and enforces project standards.  • Prepares for engagement reviews and quality assurance procedures. Senior Staff Consultant Trinexus, Inc - San Juan, PR 2007 to 2011 TRINEXUS is a solutions provider of Business Management Consulting, Information Technologies and Enterprise Software Advisory.    Responsible for identifying customer requirements, designing systems, and developing products to satisfy client's needs.  • Responsible for Project Management for Healthcare and Government Customers  • Responsible for the planning, architecture, design, execution, review, configuration, or implementation of consulting projects and solutions for Trinexus' clients  • Analyzes and develops documentation related to client's technical infrastructure, which may include network designs and configurations, test scripts, systems configurations, and others IT Director McKesson Health Solutions - San Juan, PR 2001 to 2007 McKesson Health Solutions is a business unit of McKesson Corporation, rank 14 on Fortune 500.    Direct the implementation and support of a 24/7 high-availability environment composed of NT/2000/2003, UNIX, Linux servers, telecom and desktops systems  • Responsible for the IT long/short term strategy and Operations,  • Implemented technology infrastructure to support Triage, Disease Management and work at home programs,  • Strong leadership patterns, being appointed as acting Executive Director,  • Liaison with Corporate and Clients IS/ IT groups,  • Prepare and control department budget, Chief Information Officer Consumer Affair Department of PR, (DACO) - San Juan, PR 1996 to 2001 Responsible for all IT Operations. Implemented DACO IT Department.  • Implemented the agency network for the whole island inter-connection,  • Implemented VoIP Network,  • Implemented the Document Management System  • All the above systems helped the Agency decreased the average amount of time to resolve customer complaints from 365 days to 100 days. Sub Director of Information System Division Governor Office, La Fortaleza - San Juan, PR 1993 to 1996 Responsible for the daily IT Operations. Managed all governor office PC/Server Network.  • In-House application development  • Database Design and fine tuning  • Network Management Education MBA in Project Management Turabo University 2007 BS in Computer Engineering University of Puerto Rico - Mayagüez, PR 1992 Skills Active Directory, Cisco, Itil, Service Desk, ERP, Strategic Planning, Vmware, Customer Service, exchange, Network Administration, SQL, VoIP, Disaster Recovery Certifications/Licenses ITIL v3 Foundation June 2010 MCP January 2010 Additional Information Efficiency-oriented Professional with over twenty (20) years of experience in IT management, project management, database design, requirements analyses, cloud computing support and consulting services.    • Strong customer service and leadership skills.  • Experience providing technical expertise in the design and development of technical systems and/or components to exacting specifications in terms of economy, safety, reliability, quality, and sustainability  • Project coordination, software development management and software analysis for different application development projects across several industries  • Consistently delivers high-quality services to clients. Able to communicate to all level of the organization.  • Dependable and Responsible. Maintain a nearly perfect employment attendance history; ability to prioritize and complete projects in a timely manner.  • Proven Ability to Learn, Retain and Apply new information quickly with solid academic and employment achievements.  • Business Savvy. Understand the dynamics of team playing and the importance of customer relationship management. Budget management and ROI analysis.  • Computer Software/Hardware Experience: MS SQL, Oracle, Document Management, Windows Server, UNIX/Linux, Networks, Exchange, and others.