Engagement Manager, Client Delivery Services Engagement <span class="hl">Manager</span>, Client Delivery Services Engagement Manager, Client Delivery Services - TrueMotion ? Advanced level IT Project Manager with over 15 years of experience specializing in implementation of new technology applications, new program initiatives or special one-time-only projects  ? Skilled at providing end-to-end management for large-scale implementations to B2B and B2C Clients  ? Liaison between internal business and technical areas and client facing business and technical internal areas to achieve on-time, on-budget and on-spec project completions Work Experience Engagement Manager, Client Delivery Services TrueMotion - Boston, MA May 2019 to Present Assisted in jumpstarting the solution engineering team lead by and reporting directly to the Chief Product Officer, with a focus on extending the TrueMotion platform  ? Owned the full product lifecycle, from initial customer contact, through planning, design, estimation, execution and delivery of the projects  ? Worked with customer teams and associates to plan best onboarding and launch strategy  ? Coordinated TrueMotion resources and third parties/vendors for the execution of projects  ? Managed successful transition between sales process and project implementation as well as handover into customer operations after launch. Delivery Manager Client Services Implementations, Agero - Medford, MA March 2017 to May 2019 Lead project planning activities, tracked progress and communicated progress/risk within the organization  ? Developed business and product requirements, including timelines and dependencies  ? Conducted quantitative and qualitative research to identify end customer needs  ? Managed cost, quality, delivery and responsiveness for vendor programs  ? Worked interdepartmentally to implement new systems or processes and complete requests/updates to meet department needs and goals  ? Provided leadership for departmental process improvement initiatives  ? Managed implementation and development deliverables using a combination of Waterfall and Agile Methodologies supported by tools such as TFS, SharePoint, Salesforce, Postman, Trello  ? Certified Scrum Master (SCM) from SCRUM ALLIANCE® Technical Integrations Project Manager Karhoo Technologies, Ltd - New York, NY January 2016 to November 2016 Lead project planning activities, tracked progress and communicated progress/risk within the organization  ? Developed and managed project plans, including schedules, resourcing, budgeting, and communication to management and all relevant stakeholders  ? Managed changes to the project scope, project schedule, and project costs using appropriate verification techniques  ? Provided an analytical approach to new launches while replicating the product (verify projections, profitability, timing, etc. based on cross-functional knowledge and comparable situations)  ? Performed risk management to minimize project risks, created and maintained comprehensive project documentation Client Project Manager, IPREO Private Capital Markets iLEVEL Solutions - New York, NY May 2015 to November 2015 Drove successful implementations of the iLEVEL platform within market-leading private capital firms  ? Engaged in dialog and discovery with clients to understand their current business processes  ? Handled multiple client engagements simultaneously  ? Work hand in hand with clients and iLEVEL team members to design, iterate and agree on new, transformed business processes  ? Lead project team members to implement new business processes via the iLEVEL platform Technical Project Manager Vestmark, Inc - Wakefield, MA April 2014 to May 2015 Responsible for all aspects of project and risk management for new client implementations, as well as project management for existing client production and maintenance initiatives  ? Effectively managed multiple projects and resources with minimal manager oversight  ? Drove project timelines, enforced scope, and identified and resolved issues as they arose  ? Managed implementation and development deliverables using Agile Methodologies and tools (JIRA, Confluence)  ? Ensured directed resources are effectively utilized, worked according to project assumptions and forecasts, and delivered efficient, high quality work  ? Responsible for managing issues lists and communicating status to all levels of senior management on a regular basis Project Manager ClickSoftware, Inc - Burlington, MA October 2011 to March 2014 Responsible for the successful implementation of the ClickSoftware Suite of products.  ? Primary point-of-contact within Professional Services for all system related activities within a project including:  ? Resource Management: Coordinating activities of the ClickSoftware project team and customer from project inception through successful completion  ? Integration Management: Working with Solution Architects and end users to assist in the formulation of business requirements, creating initial project plan, monitoring the execution of various activities and coordination of changes  ? Cost, Time, Scope and Risk Management: Management and tracking of project budget, utilization and other project-related costs, tracking of resource scheduling and project time utilization, managing changes to project scope through a formal change management policy, identification, analysis and response to project risks Project Manager/ Process Analyst Global Partners, LP - Waltham, MA March 2010 to July 2011 Worked effectively with business lines to identify opportunities to improve business processes and optimized value through the application of Lean Six Sigma, Lean Management and continuous improvement tools and methodologies  ? Managed projects from beginning to end, including the development of full-scale project plans and managed all phases of a development life cycle, i.e., feasibility study, requirements, analysis, design, programming, testing and implementation  ? Identified and evaluated inefficiencies within the current state business process and recommended optimal business practices, system functionality and behavior  ? Responsible for creating business design documents and functional specifications for recommended solutions  ? Created documentation to support the development and design system software and administration as well as test plans for quality assurance  ? Effectively interacted with the organization to solicit ideas and turned business problems into viable Lean Six Sigma/business process improvement projects  ? Responsibility for ensuring successful deployment of functional solutions Project Manager Ropes & Gray - Boston, MA July 2008 to February 2010 Directed and managed multiple SDLC projects (over $5MM) and completed largest initiative ahead of schedule and under budget  ? Provided leadership on firm's Intellectual Property virtualization initiative leading to opportunities in the firm for follow on virtualization projects  ? Set and continually managed project expectations, scope, goals and deliverables with team members and other stakeholders to assist those making strategic decisions regarding project priorities, staffing assignments and budgets Sr. IT Specialist/ Project Manager Raytheon Company - Billerica, MA April 2004 to July 2008 Lead global enterprise wide business application initiatives from requirements definition to testing, training, deployment and support using SDLC Methodologies  ? Certified in Raytheon Six Sigma and applied practice to analyze data for an objective assessment and define a more efficient end state solution  ? Recipient of two project team achievement awards for success Education MBA in Business Administration Boston College - Chestnut Hill, MA Bachelor of Science in Computer Information Systems Bryant University - Smithfield, RI Skills PROJECT LIFECYCLE, ROLLOUT, REQUIREMENTS ANALYSIS, SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT, BUDGETING