Regional Hosting Lead & Change Manager Regional Hosting Lead &amp; Change <span class="hl">Manager</span> Regional Hosting Lead & Change Manager - Aptiv Safety & Mobility Services Singapore Pte. Ltd Singapur, PR I started as a developer, pre-sale consultant, regional project manager for software & infrastructure implementation within AP region as a System Integrator. I moved my career to in house IT services in the high tech companies 20 years ago, successfully roles out & implemented systems & applications, help Enterprises to roll-out new plants, improve processors & digital transformation within budget. Work Experience Regional Hosting Lead & Change Manager Aptiv Safety & Mobility Services Singapore Pte. Ltd July 2017 to Present 7/2017 to Current  • AP Hosting lead, ensure hosting direction, architecture is communicated with my counterparts in AP region.  • Own the AP Hosting run budget.  • Plan & budget for Database, O/S, VMWare, Storage Firmware remediate  • Plan & budget for Regional Data Center Capacity Growth  • Ensure remote backup capacity in regional data center to meet regional needs  • Review Hosting request with my counterparts in AP Region & Global Team  • Work closely with Enterprise Security Team & Program Manager to roll-out enterprise projects.  • Attends Enterprise Change review board meeting  • Host AP Change review board meeting  • Review & approve urgent change  • Work with Outsourcing counterparts closely to ensure the deliverable meet the requirements  • Separated Aptiv & Delphi Technologies infrastructure within the same building  • Implemented & roll out IT infrastructure & SAP for the new plant in Singapore within 9 months Regional IT Operation Manager Delphi Automotive Systems Singapore Pte Ltd September 2007 to June 2017 • My roles and responsibilities are work with country business leader team in Asia Pacific. Provide IT leadership, Strategy planning, IT yearly budgeting, monthly forecasting, cost management and service improvement.  • Communicate with business leaders in each country for their business needs, issues and initiatives. And global IT initiatives.  • Gathered detailed use cases and requirements through on-site visits and virtual meetings. Translated business goals, feature concepts and customer needs into prioritized product requirements and use cases.  • Work with IT partners (Service Providers) to ensure sites' infrastructure uptime to minimum impact to business operation. And improve service quality.  • Reduce IT operation costs, maintenance support costs and licensing costs.  • Work with business leaders to setup new plant.  • AP Hosting lead, ensure hosting direction, architecture is communicated with my counterparts in AP region.  • Own the AP Hosting run budget. Singapore IT Manager May 2005 to August 2007 • Work with Singapore Business Management team to align IT strategy with business goals.  • Responsible for IT yearly budgeting; monthly forecasting, cost management, IT policy, projects management and daily operation.  • Translated business goals, feature concepts and customer needs into prioritized requirements and use cases.  • Gathered detailed use cases and requirements through regular on-site visits, virtual meetings and customer advisory  • Translated technical specifications into detailed product requirements.  • Analyzed market trends and the competitive landscape to understand opportunities and potential value.  • Implement & roll out new payroll & Leave applications  • Maintained and monitored the server room, the wireless network and other server infrastructure.  • Coached and mentored 2 staff members, includes their career development and conduct performance reviews.  • Manage outsourced vendors to ensure performance meets the measurable objectives.  • Ensure IT compliance and meet legal requirement (e.g. SOX). Strategies Systems Manager/ Business Systems Manager Chartered Semiconductor Manufacturing Ltd March 1999 to May 2005 • As a member of IT management team, I have to demonstrate integrity in the organization, to meet company core values and Chartered objectives.  • Defined team's yearly plan, projects, budget, resources needs and roll into IT department for IT Executive team approval.  • Coached and mentored 6 staff members, includes their career development and conduct performance reviews.  • Helped to define Chartered's e-Business Strategic and contributed e-business vision to IT Executive team for decision making.  • Architected and defined Enterprise Applications Interface (EAI) to integrate all backend systems (e.g ERP system, MES system and data warehouse) to enable Chartered's eFABTM and e-Business system.  • Represented Chartered in RosettaNet e-Concert Champion World Wide.  • Worked with IDA to start RosettaNet Singapore charter and become the Startup Steering Committee member.  • Led communication with stakeholders regarding business needs, issues and initiatives and project progress.  • Led bi-weekly Scrum planning meetings to develop team strategies and define project goals.  • Translated business goals, feature concepts and customer needs into prioritized requirements and use cases.  • Gathered detailed use cases and requirements through regular meetings, virtual meetings with customer.  • Translated technical specifications into detailed product requirements.  • Analyzed market trends and the competitive landscape to understand opportunities and potential value. Project Manager/Division Manager All-Tech Consultancy - Singapore February 1997 to February 1999 • Defined yearly business plan, yearly budget and resources needs to meet the Professional Service business growths.  • Provide leadership and coaching for a team of 9 consultants.  • Conduct business development, presale support, response to RFQ and RFP.  • Provide consultancy services and helped prospect customers conduct feasibility studies, business requirements and business processes to meet business goals.  • Defined new system architecture solution and recommended solution to company management for decision-making.  • Defined new system architecture solution and recommended solution to company management for decision-making. From the project scopes of work, architecture solution design, logistic support, prepared project proposal, costs and quotation, then assign resources for the identified project.  • Provided helpdesk service, facilities management and network management services to help customers to manage and monitor their daily operational, data center and network performance issues, with maintenance contracts, maintenance procedure and resources to meet customers' requirements. Regional Project Manager Information & Technical Services Pte Ltd April 1995 to January 1997 • My roles and responsibilities are to manage global and regional projects via ITS PMO structure, email, virtual meetings and information exchange.  • Conducted feasibility studies, budget, project plans and logistic support with user requirements on global and regional IT projects for outsourcing, infrastructure, email and security.  • Define the new system architecture, facilities management, network management and/or service desk to meet customer's business goals.  • Provided consultation service and recommend solution for customer top management decision-making.  • Presale support to help sales team identify project costs, logistic support, identifies tasks and risks.  • Prepared outsourcing contract, maintenance contracts, maintenance procedure, identify support and costs for customers.  • Work closely with engineering department, liaising with customers, and vendors to achievable project. Systems Analyst/ Project Leader ECS Technology - Singapore September 1992 to March 1995 • Main responsibilities is to provide leadership, manage and coaching a project term of 12 member.  • Provided project progress report to update Steering Committee monthly, liaising between user management, vendors, project term to meet the project schedule, budget and manage expectation.  • Provided consulting services and recommend solution, for customers top management in IT project decision making.  • Provided Facilities management, help customers to setup contingency plan, backup and recovery procedure to meet business continuity.  • Managed and liaison with vendors in hardware supplies and support.  • Implemented methodology for development, testing and documentation to ensure quality software is delivered. Staffordshire University - Singapore July 1992 to July 1992 TMC Computer School - Singapore  • City and Guilds 418: 1987  • NCC Diploma Computer Studies NCC Systems Analysis and Design: 9/1987  • TMC Higher Diploma Computer Studies: 6/1991 Programmer/ Project Coordinator Applied Computer Center Pte Ltd - Singapore July 1988 to September 1991 • Main responsibility is to conducted feasibility studies, user requirements gathering, business processes studies applications design, development, testing debugging, implementation, users training and documentation on new projects.  • Provided consult service to prospect customers.  • Maintain and support existing applications. Education Master of Science in Technology Management Staffordshire University - US February 2002 Technology Management Staffordshire University - US December 1995 TMC Center for Advanced Seminars - Singapore Skills CHANGE MANAGEMENT (5 years), ITIL (9 years), PROCESS IMPROVEMENT (10+ years), PROJECT MANAGEMENT (10+ years) Additional Information SKILLS  • IT Architect • Hosting (Cloud) Services  • Project Management • Business Goals & Requirements  • Business Transformation • Process Improvement  • Change Management • Team Builder & Collaboration  • ITIL