IT Project Coordinator <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> Coordinator IT Project Coordinator Tampa, FL Motivated individual with strong leadership skills and ability to synthesize information for communication in a matrix structure; By possessing these skills and maintaining an innovative thought process, consistently incorporate creative efficiencies in day-to-day operations. Work to identify problems and solutions, communicate company policy, develop procedures and practices to ensure operational excellence and drive project execution in Waterfall and Agile environments. Work Experience IT Project Coordinator PricewaterhouseCoopers June 2014 to February 2019 • Worked in coordination with the project manager and program manager to complete projects and programs with in Tax, Assurance, and Advisory.  • Completed weekly and monthly financial analysis of budget, forecast, and actuals for reporting.  • Verified data quality with in HP PPM for all staff and vendor project managers.  • Maintained staffing profiles across multiple lines of service.  • Tracked scope change request from submission to approval by the governance review board.  • Coordinated weekly meetings with staff to include reserving meeting space, taking and disseminating meeting minutes.  • Train new hires on process and reporting.  • Tracked SLA for offshore projects.  • Collaborated directly with Project Managers and business partners to identify project risk, issues, and actions/deliverables. Help Desk Chase Home Lending January 2013 to March 2014 Support Services Project Coordinator  • Developed and implemented complete project schedules to ensure required dates are met.  • Developed policies and procedures regarding troubleshooting, issues documentation and resolution process as well as general tech support.  • Evaluated new technologies, selected products and services for implementation, managed system upgrades.  • Managed vendor and service provider relationships.  • Formulated and administered IT budget and negotiated agreements, as well as RFP's  • Lead projects relative to milestone completion while managing to resource and financial budgets.  • Monitored and maintain client and internal project executive satisfaction by engaging in weekly or monthly status meetings. IT Project Manager/System Engineer AVI-SPL May 2007 to November 2012 • Collaborated directly with front end sales force to ensure contractual obligations were being met from a project completion perspective; Consulted on various Audio Visual and Networking components that could be incorporated into client's package.  • Provided sales support to clients including: Bank of America/ML, PwC, Syniverse, KForce, Cisco, IBM, and Bayshore Technologies.  • Managed and performed the process of Statement of Work and contract creation to secure new and follow-on work.  • Worked with Project Team members, Clients, and Vendors to coordinate activities, provisioning, environment setup, installation, and integration testing.  • Managed networks in hotel properties, including installation of routers, switches, and edge devices. This includes layer 2 and layer 3 switches. Configured routers for bgp and connecting the Peabody to the Orlando MAN.  • Worked with the asset management team insuring the SQL database for R2 was kept up to date.  • Diagnosed and resolved problems associated with DNS, DHCP, VPN, NFS, and Apache.  • Performed software installation, upgrades/patches, troubleshooting and maintenance of UNIX Servers.  • Participated in root-cause analysis of recurring issues, system backup, and security setup.  • Managed cost budget to allocate overall cost estimate to individual tasks within project.  • Drove continuous alignment of program scope with strategic business objectives, and made recommendations to modify the program to enhance effectiveness toward the business result or strategic intent. Education High school or equivalent Skills PROJECT LIFECYCLE, CISCO, SWITCHING, EXCHANGE, NAS, Waterfall, PM, SDLC, PMP