IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager Dublin, OH More than 24 years of IT experience in system analysis/development, and project management.  PMP certification since 2005.  Recently worked as project manager in Nationwide Insurance and managed many medium sized IT projects successfully.  Excellent planning and budgeting skill.  Proficient in Project control process.  Good organization skill and worked well with team members.  Strong written/verbal communication skill.  Highly motivated and customer focused.    COMPUTER SKILL  Language: SQL, PL/SQL, SQR, COBOL, C, JAVA, UNIX SHELL, PERL  Database: Oracle, SQL Server  Development tools: Peoplesoft, Oracle Form & Report, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Visio, Microsoft Project, Clarity Workbench.  Operating system: Unix, Windows, MVS Work Experience IT Project Manager Nationwide Insurance Company - Columbus, OH 2004 to 2019 - Managed and successfully delivered many IT projects following enterprise guidelines and using both Waterfall and Agile methodology with Lean practices. Worked on business initiated and Infrastructure projects - Sales reporting projects including rewriting the reporting system in WebFocus environment; Financial projects for Accounting, Disbursement, Mutual fund performance and Tax systems; eB2B projects for DTCC, and rewrite of eB2B web application; Actuarial projects for multi year enhancements to Liability data store system; Marketing projects for marketing material repository system; Infrastructure projects for mainframe migration; Neteeza database, Informatica, Siebel and Business Objects upgrade.  - Managed multiple projects simultaneously and planned, scheduled and executed all stages of enterprise software, hardware and system implementations. Assessed business implications for each project phase and monitored progress to meet deadlines, standards and cost targets.  - Managed both in-house and vendor developed IT projects for improvements across the business.  - Managed multiple server refresh projects and worked on migrating server and application to Amazon Cloud.  - Excelled in guiding the work of technical teams. Articulated project goals and scope, translated business needs into technical terms, prepared detailed work breakdown structures (WBS) and instilled shared accountability for achieving project milestones.  -Created cost and budget analysis that were used for decision making on IT projects. Managed risks, issues and changes to meet schedule, cost and quality.  - Resolved numerous project issues including resource allocation, tactical matters, scope creep and divergent business and user needs.  - Wrote training material for Enterprise Project Management methodology and conducted training classes. System and Programming Project Lead 1999 to 2003 - Project Lead responsibility for the PERF system, which retrieves unit value from the VALU system, and calculates Fund performance.  - Managed and completed projects as per schedule and within budget.  - Met all project deliverables as per guidelines and maintained work plans.  - Conducted meetings, allocated and forecast resource requirement, and provided estimates and budget.  - Maintained the Accounting Front End and Suspense Tracking Systems.  -Coordinated with Business Analysts to determine requirement and implemented changes within budget and schedule.  -Planned the projects and optimized resource.  -Worked as project lead to develop a client server system replacing mainframe accounting system. Programmer Analyst 1997 to 1999 Acted as a team leader for the Accounting system.  -Maintained and enhanced the Accounting system codes and made many improvements to system codes. Senior Information Engineer Lockheed Martin - Dayton, OH 1995 to 1997 -Performed analysis and design of defense material inventory system using IEF case tool and Oracle database.  -Wrote specification and requirement definition for the system. Education Bachelor's in Mechanical Engineering Jadavpur University MBA in MIS Tarleton State University - Stephenville, TX