Principal Principal Principal Joplin, MO Work Experience Principal LCNG, LLC - Dallas, TX 2012 to 2018 Performed as lead of front-end engineering and design of various projects advancing the case for Alternative Fueling for Transportation, Alternative Energy, Renewable Energy, and Micro-Grid generation industries, to enable and accelerate migration away from existing Fossil Fuel dependencies.  * Led a team that developed nine (9) organic-growth renewable energy platform model sizes in 30+ months that captured all opportunities of growth, deployable in large population centers and addressing environmental issues and fiscal profitable without Federal/State/Local incentives.  * Modified existing renewable energy platform to deploy in emerging markets and remote locations without providing continuous supplies of electricity or connectivity to remote Network Operations Control Centers (NOCC); this was completed by augmenting designs / process flows to divert portion of fuels produced for internal consumption. The diversion of produced fuels for local consumption increased carbon reduction efforts, provided redundancy for commercial utilities, and assured 99.75% operations were attainable.  * Advanced existing systems to properly align with Life Safety Codes, Building Codes, and Industry Standards, to ensure that Natural Gas (Hydrogen, Methane) can safely displace conventional fuels (Diesel) for Transportation Industry.  * Executed project management duties, addressing critical systems, incorporating full-integration of MIS processes, to include, various methodologies of authentication, telemetry, and fully active remote control, incorporating GIS / PLC / SCADA / Input-Output Data / TVSS / UPS / Auxiliary Power Generation / CHP / Fuel Cell specs for all project design and installations. Director of Construction CLEAN ENERGY CONSTRUCTION - Seal Beach, CA 2011 to 2012 Managed daily operations to include maintaining project objectives, personnel health and safety, inventory control, and ensuring high standards of quality. Administered construction of CNG fueling for Trucking, Transit, Airport/Taxi/Shuttle, and Refuse market sectors. Directed all construction activities within the company. Provided corporate management overview and support to field operations. Prepared proposals and presentations for various types of projects.  * Spearheaded role of Responsible Managing Employee (RME) to execute massive project to develop nationwide natural gas distributions for freight transportation.  * Built high caliber team that consisted of 24 Project/Construction Managers that executed 152 projects to complete "America's Natural Gas Highway" ANGH program with construction costs of $304MM and completed in 367 calendar days, adding $400MM to MarketCap value of Clean Energy Fuels.  * Researched applicable Life Safety and Building Codes; evaluated sub-surface geologies anticipated; coordinated with the Marketing team(s) for Clean Energy Fuels, worked with the "internal" Engineering staff / outside contributors, came to a "general consensus".  * Developed structural "prototypes" for differing sub-surface geologies. Created conceptual DWGs checklists for use by CEF marketing teams to manage client expectations in an accurate and intelligent fashion. Director of Operations GEOFFREY BUILDERS DESIGN/BUILD - Houston, TX 2005 to 2011 Executed duties as RME for large-scale heavy/heavy highway construction projects in industrial, utility, transportation and distribution market sectors; performed all Earthwork, Civil, and Structural Concrete Scopes of Work. Drove operational effectiveness by aligning resources for logistics process improvements. Recommended, developed, implemented, and maintained logistic processes and procedures to ensure a high level of quality and service at a lower cost point.  • Created, implemented, and monitored compliance with document control processes, policies, and procedures to standardize work and drive efficiency.  * Developed multiple +/- 20-acre projects for industrial / logistics clients throughout Texas, many augmented with Railroad Spurs / intermodal attributes.  * Oversaw operations of Electrical Generation plants from Micro-grid to 475MW, Satellite Earth Stations, Data Centers, Head-ends, and Points-Of-Presence.  * Trained, mentored, and developed personnel; formalized safety training for all field personnel, adding confined spaces, underground, trench safety, and HAZWOPR; invested heavily in training programs / certifications.  * Interfaced as single point of contact with Fortune 500 clients by executing projects for MD Anderson Cancer Center, Sprint, Charter Communications, Adelphia, TXDOT, DuPont Chemical, Invista Chemical FMC Technologies, John Deere, CalPine Electric, Siemens, ConWay, Wal-Mart, and 84 Lumber.  * Deployed new HCSS construction software platforms for both estimating and project management. IT Program Manager SUMMIT CONTRACTING, LTD - Weslaco, TX 2002 to 2005 Implemented and drove adoption of tools and processes to effectively manage the delivery of IT projects for organization that specialized in Bridge /CIP structures, for Interstates 2, 35, 37, 69, and construction of United States' greatest volume land Port of Entry. Oversaw portfolio management for all IT projects for applications across all Lines of Business (LOB). Provided resource planning to ensure proper staffing of approved projects. Includes employed staff, contractors, and outsourced resources. Managed team to effectively capture functional and non-functional requirements for all projects. Ensured requirement traceability throughout the project lifecycle to ensure projects are delivered on scope.  * Performed first truly accurate job-cost accounting providing facts-based protocol for pursuing projects that led to minimization of low-profit projects and maximation of higher margin projects adding significantly to the Net Operating Revenues in the first full fiscal year after program implementation.  * Oversaw both initial training programs for Estimators, PMs and Supervisory personnel on hardware / firmware / software; ensured ongoing training support with quarterly augmentations.  * Oversaw archiving of historical records for database creation, ongoing data input, and management necessary to streamline P&L fluctuations via project execution.  * Interfaced as single point of contact with TXDOT, US Border Patrol & Customs, International Boundary and Water Commission, TCEQ, FAA, various Municipalities for all IT issues, protocols, compliance  * Executed large-scale "Heavy / Heavy Highway" construction projects in transportation sector; self-performing all Earthwork, Civil, and Structural Concrete Scopes of Work.  * Oversaw critical Water Infrastructure Project, underneath Int'l Airport's Active Runways - Municipality's sole Water Supply. Program Manager IV SPRINT - Overland Park, KS 2000 to 2002 Managed and oversaw construction backlog created by failed merger attempt with competitor (MCI). Provided overall program direction, control, and coordination. Responsible for all facets of management and contract performance within a specified schedule and budget in accordance with contractual requirements  * RME for program that successfully produced 400% year-over-year production values; sustained for 30-month-planned program existence.  * Skillfully directed CapEx construction projects that grew from $60M to $242M annum.  * Led Design, Permitting, Project Management, Validation & Commissioning of individual projects in 32 US states ranging from $5-17M per site in construction dollars only with equipment valued at 12X.  * Directed and managed 250-300 personnel, that included 30 PMs / CMs / Inspectors to increase production and assure compliance. Project Manager - Senior Project Manager GEOFFREY BUILDERS DESIGN/BUILD - McAllen, TX 1985 to 2000 Led Design / Build operations from conceptual drawings to preliminary drawings to working drawings. Oversaw Pre-construction operations; ensuring budget adherence. Coordinated suppliers, vendors, subcontractors, and major clients establishing design criterion, from permitting to commissioning of finished projects. Developed clear understanding of cultural differences, specifically regarding accepted business practice.  * Five years interfacing with Mexican "maquiladoras" (joint venture projects for Siemens/Dow Corning, GM/Delco and others).  * Reduced weather cycle hazard from 110 days to 0 days per year by taking advantage of available resources that led to 12-month continuous field operations, increased revenues/profits, and reinvestment in heavy equipment. Education Architectural Engineering University of Kansas - Lawrence, KS 1993 Bachelor of Science in Business Administration / Management William Jewell College - Liberty, MO Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/jwfloyd13