It Systems and Process Manager <span class="hl">It</span> Systems and Process <span class="hl">Manager</span> Management Experience in Staffing, IT and Landscaping Poland, OH Work Experience It Systems and Process Manager Komar Anchor Plumbing and Drain - Boardman, OH November 2018 to August 2019 Increase productivity company wide using modern solutions  ? Move from paper-bound work order system to fully digital tablet based system for field technicians to increase billing and invoicing turnaround.  ? Develop forms and templates for increased transparency and accuracy for job costing.  ? Assist service department in an administrative role  ? Assist 3rd party I.T. Management company with a Boots on the Ground presence.  ? New PC and cell phone setup with company required applications and training on usage.  ? Company photographer and social media consultant Shared Services Project Manager / IT Specialist Nesco Resource - Youngstown, OH September 2010 to November 2018 Nationwide travel for on-site establishment and management of on-site leaders  ? Multiple time clock system programming, installation and training  ? Internal employee training  ? Fill clients open positions by interviewing interested applicants, and performing pre-employment screenings such as background checks and drug screens,  ? Create reports and spreadsheets for clients which provides a snapshot of employees currently working, as well as safety issues, budget spent on temporary employees and other vital information,  ? Demographic and analytic reporting for client expansion and bid potential  ? Manage up to 200 temporary employees directly on site, with the primary focus being job performance, safety, and all human resource functions including payroll and hours,  ? Form and maintain professional partnerships with staff on all management levels, as well as assisted with client functions,  ? Assist in sales and establishing new clients nationwide for Nesco branches, Field Manager Field Manager Ruppert Landscape - Laytonsville, MD June 2008 to October 2010 Laytonsville, Maryland  ? Supervised up to 12 field employees on multiple, large high-end commercial sites to maintain high dollar landscape contracts throughout the Washington D.C. Metro area,  ? Recruited by Ruppert (a LEED Certified Company) out of college,  ? Upsold landscape enhancements and repairs while using on site estimates to provide clients with an instant quote,  ? Built and maintained client trust by using a face-to-face approach, and daily communication while being accessible whenever a question or concern arose,  ? Lead and enforced our professional image by maintaining cleanliness of equipment, vehicles, jobsite and dress-code policy and adhering to LEAN practices and company policy,  ? Suggested and assisted in implementing that Field managers utilize mobile technology to maintain contact and relationships with clients, supervisors and vendors. This increase in communication lead to reduced latency and increased efficiency in completing jobs, Additional Previous Employers available if requested Education Associates of Applied Sciences in Landscape Design/Build Columbus State Community College 2008 Skills Interviewing, Recruiter, Training, Recruiting, Microsoft office, Photoshop, Adobe photoshop, Market analysis, Maintenance, Landscape design, Software training, Problem-solving, Landscaping (10+ years), Systems Integration (3 years), Management (7 years) Additional Information PROFESSIONAL SKILL SUMMARY  Experienced Recruiter, IT and Business Market analysis professional with a background in manufacturing and Landscape Management industries. Highlighted skills include:    ? Demographics and Analytic Reporting for client business expansion  ? Internal and external employee interviewing and recruiting experience around N. America  ? Landscape design, management, and maintenance.  ? Familiarity with a variety of business environments, from corporations to small businesses.  ? Adaptability and problem-solving skills  ? Internal and external relationship-building  ? Microsoft Office Suite  ? Adobe Photoshop Elements / Adobe Lightroom  ? Multiple custom software training and usage experience  ? IT assistance company wide