Senior IT Consultant Senior <span class="hl">IT</span> Consultant IT Executive Professional Van Nuys, CA Influential Senior Enterprise IT Executive with 20+ years of expertise in the energy industry, retail, telecommunications, financial, marine storage terminals (export and import) and consulting sectors. I enjoy solving complex business challenges. My key competency is leveraging technology to drive efficiency that supports business growth and transformation. By building strong relationships, setting a clear vision and strategy, and aligning resources to achieve priority objectives, I lead teams to deliver innovative solutions that create significant enterprise value.  Change can be difficult, but I am passionate about leading teams through cultural transformation and change management initiatives. I'm able to analyze potential outcomes and adopt flexible strategies which achieve optimal results, carefully managing expectations along the way. I believe strongly in adaptive leadership, and engage team members at every level to facilitate organizational transformation. My goal is to ensure every team member learns, grows and thrives through change.    TECHNOLOGY LEADERSHIP SNAPSHOT  Technical Leadership: Expertise spans architecture, operations, call center technologies, CRM/ERP solutions (SalesForce, SAP, PeopleSoft, OracleFinancial), relational databases, data warehouses, IT security, storage, testing/development, web-based tools, SCADA Systems, Virtualization, Hybrid Cloud, VoIP and IoT.  Board Advisory: Experienced board-level communicator with a history of serving as part of Regional IT Steering Committee.  LEADERSHIP ASSETS  • IT GOVERNANCE & OPERATIONS • AUDIT & COST SAVINGS  • STRATEGIC PLANNING & EXECUTION  • DEVELOPMENT MANAGEMENT  • PERFORMANCE & TUNNING  • OUTSOURCE DEVELOPMENT  • UNIX / LINUX PLATFORMS (UBUNTU, RED HAT, FREEBSD, SCO)  • VMWARE & HYPER V ENVIRONMENTS    • LEADERSHIP & COACHING  • ENDOR MANAGEMENT  • PROCESS/POLICY BEST PRACTICES  • SARBANES-OXLEY COMPLIANCE  • DISASTER RECOVERY PROCESSES  • SAP/R3  • THIN CLIENTS WITH CITRIX  • AZURE AND OFFICE 365 Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior IT Consultant TCS – TATA Consulting Services - Houston, TX February 2018 to Present Leader of projects for continuous improvement and processes, making use of agile methodologies and IT solutions. Chief Information Officer Engie Perú - San Isidro, Lima July 2011 to April 2017 Lead information technology environment with legacy hardware, systems, and infrastructure, upgraded end-to-end systems and processes, and remediated IT material weakness to fuel best practices-driven operations.  • IT Governance: Strengthened technology and business redundancy, designing and implementing the first IT strategic plan. Redesigned technology policies, boosted scalability, and devised bridge tactics to meet existing business requirements.  • IT Cost Elimination: Saved $1.1M in capital expenditures, strengthening solution sourcing and utilizing reusable infrastructure components. Cut $260K in telephony costs and re-architected telecom infrastructure and audits. Drove costs from business model via asset management, e-learning, and mobile tool suite solutions.  • Infrastructure Redesign: Laid the groundwork for digitalization and internal customer e-commerce by designing and delivering a portal strategy. Revamped telecommunication/data network infrastructure to increase redundancy, retired 2 legacy applications, and eliminated forecasted gaps of compliance security issues.  • IT Reorganization: Instituted first-ever Project Management Office, restructured department, and realigned operations and application development delivery based in agile methodology.  • System Upgrades & Conversions: Consolidation and virtualization of data and applications servers, VoIP, enterprise document management, and implementation external data center. Produced >$2.6M in infrastructure savings, renegotiating contracts, reusing components, and sourcing new vendor solutions. Improved business data/metrics visibility.  • Security & Disaster Recovery: Enabled external datacenter, the plants organizations to withstand power outages, devising and auditing disaster recovery plans for mid- to large-size companies. Implemented of policies, procedures and training and awareness for users about security information topics. Head of IT Operations and Telecom Duke Energy Perú S.A - Lima, Lima January 2008 to July 2011 Responsible for managing projects that affect the technological infrastructure of regional offices in Latin America (Perú, Ecuador, Chile, Guatemala, Argentina, El Salvador). Budget management, technical evaluation, implementation development and time management. Negotiation with country managers, suppliers and customers for needs analysis and definition of their scope.  • Information Technology Scalability: Migrated non-scalable architecture to robust, high-volume, and high-availability options. Retooled network and hardware to leverage previously untapped asset capabilities. Eliminated data center single points of failure within both physical and logical realms. Business Application Supervisor Duke Energy - San Isidro, Lima January 2007 to December 2007 Responsible for the technical support of the applications of Peru and Central America through the maintenance and design of the technical architecture of its PeopleSoft platform and its affinity to comply with the requirements of the user; supervises and leads technology solutions and actively participates in comprehensive tests; works with project leaders and systems analysts participating in the different stages of development and verifying that the solutions are technically feasible. Database Administrator Duke Energy - San Isidro, Lima August 2005 to December 2006 Responsible for the technical support of the company's databases, as well as the monitoring, maintenance and design of its architecture. Responsible for updating projects of the equipment that supports the databases. Head of IT Operations Financiera EDYFICAR - Miraflores, Lima January 2003 to July 2005 Responsible for production environments, management, monitoring of data center, telecom, and help desk.  • IT Process Methodology: Standardized IT operations by developing and rolling out a process methodology encompassing 14 key processes.  • IT Savings: Implementing VoIP and email based in OpenSource platforms (Asterix, Open XChange), virtual servers consolidation using VMWare, $1.9M savings Opex/Capex. IT Supervisor INEI - National Institute of Statistics and Informatics - Lima January 2001 to August 2002 Responsible of production servers environments. Project Manager Group Gesfor - Miraflores, Lima October 1998 to November 2000 Lead consultant in IT infrastructure, databases and telecomunications. Worked in Telefonica del Perú, Gloria S.A., Milpo Mining Company. IT Manager Neptunia Group - Callao, Callao January 1993 to February 1998 IT Analyst Neptunia Group - Callao, Callao January 1988 to December 1992 Education Business Management Los Angeles Valley College - Los Angeles, CA February 2018 to February 2019 Diploma North Valley Occupational Center Bachelor of Computing and Computer Systems in Computer Science University Mayor de San Marcos - Lima, Lima Database Analysis and Design University of Tarapaca of Chile - Lima, Lima Skills Office (10+ years), Project (10+ years), Project management (10+ years), Lidership and management (10+ years), Sharepoint (7 years), Scrum (3 years) Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/hugo-chay%C3%A1n-bambar%C3%A9n-9584561 Certifications/Licenses Miscrosoft Systems Engineer Present