IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager - Universal Forest Products Rockford, MI Talented IT Project Manager seeking to offer five years of related experience and pursue new  professional challenges. Focused, proactive, and attentive to changing company, customer,  and project demands. Well-coordinated in keeping teams motivated and on-task to meet  aggressive deadlines. Work Experience IT Project Manager Universal Forest Products - Grand Rapids, MI March 2014 to Present Successfully complete domain migration, acquisition, new site opening, or satellite office  opening approximately every six weeks  ? Manage new data circuits for 100+ facilities, including broadband, fiber, and microwave, and cellular solutions  ? Distribute, monitor, and upgrade 200+ Wi-Fi tablets and BT scanners company wide to improve inventory management, plant shipments, accident reporting, HR statistics, etc  ? Maintain close communication with Microsoft, Networking, and Infrastructure teams to quickly identify and resolve network and domain migration issues  ? Make changes to project scope and cost in order to implement the most effective change  to keep projects up to date  ? Lead capture and upload of legacy data for network and domain migrations  ? Develop onboarding procedures and checklists for plant and corporate team operations  ? Collect and clean data of legacy systems for potential acquisitions  ? Direct support for Citrix ShareFile  ? Worked with vendors to negotiate bulk discounts Unix Administrator Universal Forest Products - Grand Rapids, MI November 2007 to March 2017 Ensured HP-UX 11.31 OS data integrity on all systems running Progress database  ? Successfully deployed and installed annual firmware and OS patches with respect to Development and field schedules  ? Managed physical and virtual tape libraries to ensure/improve critical data retention utilizing  regular backups  ? Administered, updated, and installed all printers in the HP-UX environment  ? Maintained 99.9% uptime IT Help Desk Tier Universal Forest Products - Grand Rapids, MI February 2006 to November 2011 Provided local and remote Tier 1 IT support for hardware and software to company personnel  ? Created new accounts, reset passwords, and configured access to servers and file  management software for users  ? Reviewed support cases for technical and troubleshooting accuracy and identified needed  improvements in processes  ? Mentored Help Desk Analysts to provide professional development and skill enhancement Help Desk Analyst D&W Foodcenters - Grand Rapids, MI December 1999 to October 2005 Installed, repaired, maintained, and upgraded Windows-based desktops and laptops  ? Remotely resolved all first -level PC hardware and software issues  ? Recorded information on support tickets and maintained until problems were resolved  ? Researched, documented and escalated support cases to higher levels of support when unable to resolve issues using available resources English Teacher New Century Montessori High School & Ottawa Hills High School - Grand Rapids, MI October 1998 to May 1999 Taught 150 9th and 10th grade students per year with well-rounded English program  ? Enforced clear class objectives to promote consistent education for all students  ? Developed interactive learning media to increase student understanding of course materials  ? Assessed student performance, behavior, social development, and devised improvement  strategies for struggling children  ? Employed a wide variety of fiction and non-fiction materials to encourage students to read  independently Education Bachelor of Arts in English Michigan State University - East Lansing, MI 1997 Engineering Grand Rapids Community College - Grand Rapids, MI 1994 Skills DATA CLEANING, PROGRESS, HP-UX, UX, CITRIX, PCI, SCANNING, VENDOR MANAGEMENT, Information Technology, PM, Waterfall Additional Information Skills  ? Diagnostic testing ? Samsung Knox  ? HP-UX 11.31 ? A/V Technology  ? Progress OpenEdge 11.x ? Program installations  ? PCI DSS v.3.2 SAQ C-VT ? Systems monitoring  ? Citrix ShareFile ? Vendor management  ? Mobile scanning solutions ? Data cleaning and analysis