Senior IT Project Manager Senior <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Senior IT Project Manager - Medavante-ProPhase Allentown, NJ • Proven Director and Leader of multiple initiatives capable of delivering on-time, cost-conscious projects. Comfortable with budgets exceeding multiple millions of dollars.  • Computer Information Specialist with proven expertise in the design, development, and implementation of large and complex business solutions.  • Passionate about Data Warehousing and Business Intelligence  • Able to develop strategies and concepts to accomplish goals and business objectives.  • Current main emphasis on data warehousing solutions with a focus on client partnering.  • Mentor and Team Builder  • Financially Responsible for Budgets  • Insurance Experience that covers P&C, Commercial, Life, Accident & Health, and Claims  • Pharmaceutical/Pharmacoviligance Experience around Sales and Marketing, Managed Healthcare, eCOA, eConsent and Strategic Sourcing.  • CRO/PRO Experience.  • Additional Business Experience in Manufacturing, Banking, and State Government.  • Leader of Waterfall, Iterative Waterfall, RUP, and AGILE methodologies.  • Experienced in MicroStrategy, Cognos, and Business Objects.  • SharePoint and Documentum used for all Requirements and Project documentation.  • CRM experience with Seibel and SalesForce.com.  • Knowledgeable of application data interfaces, including EDI and ETL.  • Member of the Data Warehousing Institute.  • Certified in Project Management. Work Experience Senior IT Project Manager Medavante-ProPhase January 2018 to Present • Led a $800k project to Web enable the eConsent product.  • Managed a $1mm effort to create a Site Clinician Qualification/Training application. The three main components; Onboarding, Qualifications, and Training were created to link into the existing Virgil Platform.  • Managed several point releases for enhancements to Virgil Platform and ePRO products.  • Successfully managed the implementation of a $2.11mm effort to create an ePRO (Patient Reported Outcome) application for handheld devices. Created Basis of Estimate, Budget vs Actuals tool, strategic MS Project Plan, tactical Jira projects, and was responsible for all other project deliverables/documentation.  • Completed successfully an initiative to onboard an eConsent product. Project required Reverse Engineering the Requirements to derive Test Cases and User documentation.  • Responsible for Replicon Time and all Project Financials.  • Managed several other unplanned projects that enabled business opportunity. Senior IT Project Manager Chubb Insurance Company, NJ June 2017 to December 2017 • Managed the Data Management Department (DMD) of a large Data Integration between Chubb and ACE Insurance companies.  • Performed DMD Resource Management across 20+ projects to properly map data from source to target and also conform the data.  • Responsible for Clarity Time and Financials.  • Managed the creation of a new Product Catalog Database. Senior IT Project Manager University of Pittsburgh Medical - Center, Pa, US April 2017 to June 2017 • Created the Project Charter to move from an Oracle based Data Warehouse to a Data Lakes/Hadoop based solution. Data was for a Genomics BI solution to enable doctors to better diagnose/treat cancer.  • Created a Program level schedule to build out the solution in phases.  • Ensured the institution of SDLC Stage Gates which were previously lacking. Senior Project Manager COVANCE April 2015 to June 2016 • Successfully Managed the Implementation of a Pega-Systems based solution for the Call Center to aid Client Prescribers in obtaining assistance for pharmaceuticals.  ? Data was migrated from existing Seibel platform.  ? Project Requirements were gathered using DCO (Directly Capture Objectives) Iterative Methodology similar to Agile.  ? Responsible/Accountable for all Financials/Scope/Schedule.  ? Client Interfaces for Co-Pay were created for a vendor 3rd party.  ? Data was extracted from Pega via BIX to begin creating a Foundational Data Warehouse in OBIEE.  ? Project accounting occurred through Hyperian.  ? Project Schedule tracked through an Integrated Project Plan that pulled in Task Data from Vendors, IT, and Business.  ? Extensive Performance Testing against the Non-Functional Requirements was performed. Senior Project Manager EDUCATIONAL TESTING SERVICE February 2013 to December 2014 • End to End IT Project Manager for the re-write of the PSAT and SAT assessments  • Created E2E Project Schedule and coordinated with Quality, IT, and Release Management to Serialize Milestones around SDLC and Testing Cycles  • Created Tools for Actuals Burn Rate, Actuals vs Budget Comparison, and an Executive Status Reporting Dashboard.  • Managed multiple periodic Schedule-Updating and Status Reporting Meetings. Senior Project Manager AXIS Capital Accident and Health September 2011 to January 2013 • Managed the creation of an Accident and Health Insurance Policy Administration System.  • Releases are based upon a mix of tool functionality and enhancements in a .net/SQL*Server environment.  • Instituted and base lined a Business Requirements methodology.  • Created budget and forecast for 2012/2013.  • Created boilerplate Source-to-Target mapping document for beginning of Data Mart initiative.  • Orchestrated bi-weekly Steering Committee meetings.  • Produced monthly Budget-vs-Actuals reports from MS Project Server.  • Resource Time Capture and Actual Costs derived from MS Project Server.  • Critical Path determination and modification within MS Project Server.  • Estimated multiple projects and created project plans.  • Managed all QA, UAT, and Prod deployments.  • Managed a Claims processing application.  • Managed other projects for Financial DB creation, and 3rd party premium allocation.  • Managed planned releases for Salesforce.com changes that required customization due to shared data models between Europe and North America.  • Managed conversion of CRM data from Access to Salesforce. SENIOR PROJECT MANAGER JOHNSON AND JOHNSON October 2010 to August 2011 • Managed several Planned Releases of updates to an Oracle based Data Warehouse. Releases vary from enhancing existing Extracts to creating new Payments-based Data Mart. Cognos was employed to perform Business Intelligence capability. Tasks were base lined/tracked using MS Project. Informatica was used as the ETL tool.  • Managed the creation of a Data Variability Tool that examined Source and Target data, column by column, to analyze Data Discrepancies. Tool was created with Informatica DQ and Reporting performed with Cognos.  • Created a multi-release Project Schedule to track work progress in MS Project.  • Worked with a mix of on-shore and off-shore talent.  • Deliverables were created using SOX Compliance.  • J&J SDLC Development and Compliance Methodology were used. SENIOR DW PROJECT MANAGER LIBERTY MUTUAL April 2010 to October 2010 • Managed 8 concurrent projects in several different stages of development. Enterprise Data Warehouse was operating with Teradata database. Programming was in Informatica. Business Intelligence was achieved with MicroStrategy.  • Coordinated the successful migration of 10 MicroStrategy Projects from Version 8 to Version 9. Proved results using Integrity Manager.  • Managed the conversion of MicroStrategy EM from V8 to V9 and set up Project to capture specific system metrics.  • Managed a Campaign Management project while partnering with eMarketing company Maritz.  • Managed a project to export, import and reconcile Customer Satisfaction data with vendor Epsilon.  • Budgets were tracked through PlanIT and Status was reported through EasySuite.  • Documentation was stored within SharePoint.  • Developed Project Charter for a Claims Guidewire to Enterprise Data Warehouse project. Project constructed in Informatica, Teradata, and MicroStrategy.  • Project Accounting was achieved through MS Project and Clarity. PROJECT MANAGER AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP October 2008 to July 2009 • Managed the successful early completion of a Worker's Comp Regulatory Reporting Data Warehouse annual Financial Call season. ETL components were created using Ab Initio. Business Intelligence was achieved through Cognos standard and ad-hoc reporting. ODS data changes were made via Java. Project team consisted of two Business Analysts, six ETL developers, two Cognos developers, and two Java developers. Acted as Data Modeler until resource was hired.  • Led the effort to re-design several components of the warehouse that were poorly designed. Saved 500 Gigabytes of storage and increased throughput in the effort.  • Managed the creation of a Data Retention system that utilized Local Zones (LZ) to store previous versions of data and Project code for future potential re-filing efforts.  • Participated in weekly Business Call Team meetings, lead daily ETL Team meetings, lead daily QC Issues meetings, and worked with all aspects of the organization from Infrastructure to DBA's.  • Managed the Business Systems Analysts for an Annual Change effort. All documentation was stored in Documentum.  • All work items tracked using MS Project. PROJECT MANAGER ROSETTA MARKETING GROUP September 2007 to October 2008 • Manage work flows between Account Management and Technical Teams. Produce reconciliation reports for Account Management for customer account balancing. Resolve daily issues between Copy Editors/UI Developers/DB Architects/QA Resources.  • Manage the creation and transmission of Customer focused targeted e-mail campaigns for clients.  • Tracked project progress using MS Project. SENIOR PROJECT MANAGER PENN MUTUAL LIFE - Mutual, PA January 2007 to July 2007 • Project Manager and Architect for the creation of a Mortality Management Data Mart. Project was developed using an evolutionary iterative methodology to roll out versions of the application. Extract/Transform/Load utilities were created using Informatica and Analytical Reporting through Cognos 8.0. Created a Source-to-Target mapping document that backward referenced the Business Requirements and also contained Transformation Rules. Approved Erwin Data Definitions as related to Business Requirements. Designed Data Model to eventually be used in Data Mining, this necessitated much Data Cleansing. Managed resources from cross-functional teams in a matrixed environment.  • Project Manager for a Distributed Reporting and Analytical application to provide dashboards to Home Office and subsequently Field Office management around Sales and Marketing information. This CRM application was created using Informatica with Analytical Reporting through Cognos 8.0.  • Multiple projects were managed using MS Project. DW/BI PROJECT MANAGER/DIRECTOR CAMPBELL'S SOUP July 2005 to May 2006 • Overall Senior Project Manager for the creation of a Data Warehouse sourced largely from SAP, Hyperian, and several other applications.  • Replacing Cognos with MicroStrategy for Operational and Analytical reporting. MSTR Narrowcast used for emails and alerts.  • Informatica used for ETL of data from SAP.  • Led three managers for Business Systems Analysis, ETL/MSTR Development, and Implementation.  • Coordinated with PMO and Business Leaders.  • Acted as Lead Architect and approver of Data Model.  • Created the Project Plan, using MS Project, to iteratively build the DW in parallel with the configuration of SAP.  • Mapped Product, Customer, and other Master data for ETL into Bus Architecture.  • Oversaw Testing plans for proving reports to SAP tables.  • Mentored junior staff. TECHNICAL DATA ARCHITECT GLAXO-SMITH-KLINE PHARMACEUTICALS May 2005 to July 2005 • Performed Data Modeling functions in creating the data models for a State Reporting Compliance Data Warehouse. Multiple Data Source inputs, including SAP, were mapped to a single Staging Area entity followed by mapping to an Operational Data Store (ODS). Spend transactions were then matched with Customer Master File information in creating a Data Mart that would be used by MicroStrategy.  • Created the complete Source to Target Mapping document including Transformation Rules.  • Created a Business Rules document that backward referenced the Business Requirements document.  • Generated the physical schemas and applied changes as per the developer's suggestions. Coordinated with the DBA on Physical Model efficiencies. SR. PROJECT MANAGER EDUCATIONAL TESTING SERVICES January 2001 to May 2005 • In-sourced a team of web professionals to rewrite a 3rd party Registration and scheduling system that was deemed a burning platform.  • Managed the creation of a foundational web based Order Entry platform for Registration, Scheduling, and Additional Product/Services. The project utilized the Catalyst Methodology and employed 70 resources in attaining implementation. Budget was set and achieved at $8mm. Business Requirements were also gathered for future state initiatives that will enable the growth of the business by streamlining redundant business processes. Responsible for weekly PMO status reports and monthly CIO/SBU review presentations. System was built using J2EE/WebSphere/Oracle. Utilized the first formal Change Management process at ETS.  • Employed a small team of high quality professionals to create a web services type solution for an external client that required special needs. Managed a difficult external vendor to swiftly achieve the short time-boxed goals. Employed a RUP development methodology and iterative approach. Introduced an Operational Readiness Review to ETS for end-to-end quality assurance.  • Led a $10mm effort to expand the above mentioned platform to include Score Management, Web-based reporting capability through Actuate, and an Order Tracking component. The project was severely time boxed and required constant attention to the schedule to shift resources and contain the scope. Utilized an evolutionary proto-typing/iterative approach to development.  • Budgets and Time were tracked using MS Project. SR. PROJECT MANAGER BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB PHARMACEUTICALS October 1999 to October 2000 • Developed an Intranet-enabled Data Mart site to help Category Leaders and Site Purchasing Managers quick access to the Preferred Supplier list.  • Performed Business Functions Analysis for creation of a Supplier Diversity Decision Support System. Created the Charter, calculated the Return on Investment, and developed the Project Plan. Also managed the initiative to successful completion.  • Designed a replacement to the existing Access based operation system for the Supplier Diversity group to eliminate the Access database and replace it with an Oracle Data Mart. Also, convinced the business area to change their current mode of certification for minority suppliers and utilize Dun & Bradstreet third party data that was already in-house. Projected savings to the business area equaled 245k over 5 years and improved the data quality/quantity.  • Clarity used for Time Tracking and Budget Costs. SR. PROJECT MANAGER NYCOMED AMERSHAM PHARMACEUTICALS October 1998 to June 1999 • Director of multiple projects and initiatives.  • Project manager for a major re-platforming project that enabled the Sales and Marketing applications to be processed in a client/server environment. Several benefits were derived from this initiative including Y2K compliance, elimination of mainframe dependence, the creation of a Data Mart, and enhanced reporting and analysis. Data was sourced from SAP FI and MM modules along with Field Sales Force system Dendrite (CRM) and Siebel.  • Solely responsible for managing a six plus million dollar budget. Project was on time and on budget.  • Coordinated the conversion and migration of all mainframe based critical data to the client/server environment. Created a process to use Sagent Extract/Transform/Load tool, in conjunction with Crystal Reports, to retrieve this former mainframe information.  • Managed the effort to create a Visual Basic Front-end for the new sales and marketing application. This work was taken out of focus from the original project due to budgetary constraints and required attentive management of tasks to fit into a production support budget. Project was on time and under budget. SYSTEMS ANALYST (CONSULTANT TO ATT) DATANOMICS August 1997 to May 1998 • Created Interface Agreements (proposals/contracts) for five clients on an Enhanced Order Tracking System.  • Consolidated twenty-five Interface Agreements into logical specifications for the front-end of the new system. Designed the architecture for the front-end.  • Functioned as the Lead Analyst for the SPIDRweb interface.  • Modified the logical models as it pertained to the specifications and Interface Agreements using Erwin.  • Member of a core team responsible for reviewing all specifications and achieving system consistency.  • Participated in project management. PROJECT FACILITATOR ORTHO/MCNEIL PHARMACEUTICALS April 1992 to August 1997 • Managed the creation of several SOPs for the Year 2000 effort.  • Developed plans using MS- PROJECT to track progress and resource utilization.    PARTICIPATED IN THE BUILDING OF A SALES AND MARKETING DATA WAREHOUSE.  • Performed analysis of DB2 based Sales, Customer, and Marketing data.  • Sourced data from several monthly prescriber based prescription files created by IMS America.  • Built SQL*LOADER jobs to create Oracle tables.  • Performed Business Functions Analysis with user community to identify needs in developing Summary level data from detail level for use in Business Objects.  • Wrote SAS routines to prove out the Business Objects results.  • Worked with Oracle DBA using ERWIN to modify logical models and create final data flow diagrams.  • Met with users to develop status reporting needs and then coded SAS routines to provide monthly and quarterly statistical reports.  • Proved all reports and queries using SQL*PLUS.    AIDED IN THE CREATION OF A MANAGED HEALTHCARE DATA WAREHOUSE  • Interfaced between a user operational group and DBAs to develop logical model and data flow diagrams.  • Sourced data from several monthly prescriber based prescription files created by IMS America.  • Defined the physical database for Managed Care Sales data marts.  • Wrote extraction routines from DB2 using EXTRACT.  • Created several Projects to massage and clean-up, dirty, data.  • While assigned to the user community, provided statistical sales information using PRF against DB2.  • Analyzed and modified several CICS/DB2 Projects for a Sales Buy-in sub-system.  • Extracted data from Dendrite Field Sales system (CRM).  • Managed Physician Calls/Presentation lists in CRM tool.  • Realigned Region/District/Territory Sales Rep assignments in CRM tool. EDUCATIONAL TESTING SERVICES September 1991 to March 1992 • Responsible for the development of specifications for a front-end data entry sub-system.  • Researched, coded, and implemented a Data Transmission/Reception system. NEW JERSEY DEPARTMENT OF MOTOR VEHICLES October 1990 to September 1991 • Conducted a Design Review of licensing systems.  • Wrote programming specifications for thirty Projects as it applied to a conversion and file synchronization effort.  • Created a Preliminary System Design document, which included generalized specifications to satisfy the User Requirements and Data Flow Diagrams. AT&T March 1990 to September 1990 • Performed Business Functions Analysis in order to develop cases for several marketing units.  • Customized database platforms on a client/server Teradata system.  • Created specifications and reviewed test results for validity. CONTINENTAL INSURANCE COMPANY April 1989 to March 1990 • Participated in the analysis, design and programming of a three-tiered ad-hoc reporting system for Marine Insurance.  • Designed an Installment Loan Billing system written in RBASE and used to track delinquent accounts. Coded main driver EDUCATAIONAL TESTING SERVICES May 1986 to March 1989 05/1986 - 03/1989  • Responsible for the design of a laser printing subsystem that created a two-page document regarding a student's financial situation.  • Created general and detailed system specifications along with application flow charts.  • Handled numerous changes to user requirements and rewrote specs accordingly.  • Coded main driver Projects. Supervised unit and string testing. Reviewed test results with users.  • Produced user and technical documentation. PRICE WATERHOUSE September 1985 to May 1986 Participated in the analysis, design and programming of a Motor Vehicle Violations System. UNITED JERSEY BANK December 1984 to September 1985 Responsible for the general ledger and commercial loan applications. CONTINENTAL INSURANCE COMPANY April 1981 to December 1984 Participated in the maintenance of a Homeowners insurance application. Education Associate Skills Rup, Cognos, Ms project, Microstrategy, Teradata, Db2, Oracle, Oracle 7, Rbase, Sql, Udb, Sdlc, Catalyst, Jira, Pega, Ims, Ms office, Business intelligence, Qa, PMP, Waterfall, Scrum Master, PM, Information Technology Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS    METHODOLOGIES: IBM SDLC, SPECTRUM, SUMMIT-D, WATERFALL, RUP, AGILE, CATALYST, AND QA  DATABASES: DB2, DB2/UDB, ORACLE 7.X/8.X/9.X/10, DATACOM, TERADATA, ACCESS, TOTAL, RBASE, IMS, SQL*SERVER  BUSINESS INTELLIGENCE: COGNOS, BUSINESS OBJECTS, MICROSTRATEGY 8.X, MICROSTRATEGY 9.1  MANAGEMENT TOOLS: TFS, JIRA, MS PROJECT SERVER, MS OFFICE SUITE, CLARITY, OPPM, PEGA, REPLICON