Project Manager - Business Technology and Infrastructure <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> - Business Technology and Infrastructure Project Manager - Business Technology and Infrastructure - Syneos Health Lambertville, NJ Work Experience Project Manager - Business Technology and Infrastructure Syneos Health - Somerset, NJ October 2017 to Present • Global Access Management Automation of Identity Management  • Oracle IDM  • Account provisioning  • Account termination  • Up and downstream integrations    • Managed and Deployed Clinical GSK Adverse Events Coding Systems  • Managed the development three clinical study integrations  • Created steady-state implementation SOPs  • Conducted UAT and IQ/OQ validations    • Single sign-on project portfolio  • Implemented single sign-on on over 40 systems  • Designed solution for PeopleSoft single sign-on and native authentication    • Telcom Billing Management System Migration and Consolidation  • Migrated two Telcom billing system into a single cloud host solution  • Integrated with internal HR financial systems    • Multifactor Authentication Implementation  • Designed IDM Groups and MFA Token type mapping  • Created self-enrollment provisioning rules  • Created knowledge base articles for helpdesk  • Deployed solution to 24k employees and contractors  • Trained helpdesk    • UNIX Datacenter migration -  • Preform physical inventory of datacenter  • Performed application, Oracle and sql database inventory  • Consolidated Solaris server Oracle database servers  • Physically relocated Solaris  • Migrate sql servers to clustered pairs  • Re-installed multiple financial applications  • Qualify applications and migrate to production  • Decommission migrated devices Project Manager Scientific Information Solutions - Bridgewater, NJ April 2017 to October 2017 Project Manager with Scientific Information Solutions IT Team    • Datacenter migration - Mexico to US  • Preform physical and application inventory of datacenter  • Re-platform Physical Windows servers to vm's  • Re-installed multiple financial applications  • Qualify applications and migrate to production  • Decommission migrated devices    • Created roadmap for upgrading Hadoop 2.7 to 2.8  • Identified related components and requires version upgrades and fixes  • Outlined a timeline for dev, uat and prod Project Manager - Application & Business Analyst Johnson & Johnson - New Brunswick, NJ January 2015 to April 2017 Project Manager with Corporate Enterprise Business Solutions IT supporting the corporate law department for a new IT system implementation.    • Lead project teams and outcome for delivering the end state SaaS solution  • Assess the requirements, pulling together the key resources for successful delivery, and coaching the team for success  • Communicated systems requirement with vendor and then worked closely throughout the project with the vendors PM and executive team  • Monitor and tracking progress against the strategic and business objectives as well as scope, schedule and budget  • Configured single sign-on an access controls  • Maintain communication of progress and issues hindering that progress to impacted teams, end users, and business and IT stakeholders  • Define and manage the UAT testing requirements. Conduct user testing and manage the defect tracking and problem resolution with the vendor  • Build Informatica data integration with backend J&J applications and Teradata warehouse  • Develop Cognos reports against Teradata warehouse  • Create or mange the required PMO phase gate documents, Project Charter, Compliance Plan, Architecture Design, Vendor assessment, Security Review, SAML design, Functional Test Plan, User testing., Performance with LoadRunner  • Work with the stakeholders, and tracking against the financials and schedule baseline to achieving business results Infrastructure Project Manager Covance - Princeton, NJ March 2014 to December 2014 Manage all PM aspects of internal infrastructure projects.  These duties include:  • Create project artifacts, charters, budgets, risk & issues log, and project plans  • Support meeting requirements: organize participants, agendas, and minutes  • Track project milestones and deliverables  • Track and manage issues and risks associated with project deliverables  • Ensure all tactical plans developed are in line with key components of project strategy  • Define project resources  • Prepare and update status reports and project management documents  • Track project financials  • Set and continually mange project expectations with team members and other stakeholders  • Present project document evidence to PMO for tollgate reviews  • Develop and deliver regular project progress reports including proactive analysis of issues and risks to key deliverables    Current profile of projects is three ITSM projects, Change Management, Service Improvement and Release Management. In addition are various client and infrastructure build projects that include defining requirements, design, planning, build and closure.    Laboratory Build: Manage the infrastructure build of servers, network, telecommunication and laboratory equipment and qualification for both new and labs that requires upgraded infrastructure and services.    Change Management: Analyze existing Change Manage metrics and review results with stakeholders. Created focus group and defined Change Management improvements resulting in streamlining the change approval process, reduced number of unsuccessful changes and ease of operation for the Service Now Change Management module. Create process dashboard reports as evidence improvements are achieving desired goals.    Release Management: Deliver a new Infrastructure release process to certify the interoperability of infrastructure components essential to managing stability and performance to all datacenters. Build release management lab to test and certify new versions of drivers before migrating to the production datacenters. Upgraded UCS components, NetApps, Windows and UNIX o/s to a standard level throughout the datacenters.    Service Improvement: The Project created and documented a repeatable Service Improvement Process for applications and service deliver to internal and external customers. Piloted updated Service Improvements with existing applications. Creating a baseline of systems performance and operation, identifying existing issues and performance. Then conducted a root cause analysis and built a corrective action plan. Sr. Project Manager - Infrastructure Valeant Pharmaceuticals - Bridgewater, NJ June 2013 to March 2014 Senior Project Manager on the Valeant Pharmaceuticals PMO Infrastructure Team.    Manage all PM aspects of internally driven infrastructure projects. Also the co-pm for all business related application initiated projects that require infrastructure services.    These duties include:  • Support meeting requirements: organize participants, agendas, and minutes  • Track project milestones and deliverables  • Track and manage issues and risks associated with project deliverables  • Ensure all tactical plans developed are in line with key components of project strategy  • Define project resources  • Prepare and update status reports and project management documents  • Track project financials  • Infrastructure project manager for the acquisition of Bausch & Lomb  • Set and continually mange project expectations with team members and other stakeholders  • Present project PMO document evidence during gating reviews  • Worked with the architect team to define IT requirements for medical product warehouses. Managed external vendors to build the IT infrastructure    Develop and deliver regular project progress reports including proactive analysis of issues and risks to key deliverables. Sr. Project Manager - Infrastructure Quest Diagnostics - West Norriton, PA June 2012 to June 2013 Project Manager of the Quest Diagnostics Infrastructure Team serving all Quest datacenters throughout the US.    These duties include:  • Support meeting requirements: organize participants, agendas, and minutes  • Track project milestones and deliverables  • Track and manage issues and risks associated with project deliverables  • Ensure all tactical plans developed are in line with key components of project strategy  • Track status against project plan  • Define project resources  • Prepare and update status reports and project management documents  • Track project financials  • Set and continually mange project expectations with team members and other stakeholders  • Present project PMO document evidence during gating reviews  • Develop and deliver regular project progress reports including proactive analysis of issues and risks to key deliverables Project Manager - Technology Refresh Bristol-Myers Squibb - Lawrenceville, NJ May 2011 to May 2012 Define criteria for hardware, application, middleware software components and o/s that are EOL or require platform upgrades, virtualization or de-commissioning. The scope is global for 6,500 BMS Windows, UNIX and Linux servers. Also included is the development of processes for technical and business owner teams to perform deep-dive review of business applications hosted on servers that are in-scope.    Create decision matrix for virtualization, physical hardware upgrades, application, middleware and o/s version dependencies.    Assessed BMS's worldwide server inventory and identified 1,500 Windows, Linux and UNIX servers and peripheral hardware devices for hardware upgrades, virtualization or de-commissioning. Conducted meetings with business owners, application developers, technology teams and HP (infrastructure support) to define and create application upgrade paths to new platforms. This requires a detail understanding of each application from both a technology and a business process perspective.    Also responsible for scheduling and conducting assessment meetings with technology owners (Windows, Linux, SQL, Oracle, Citrix, middleware) to review installed software versions, planed upgrades and strategic business direction. Project Manager Digital Signage - Lambertville, NJ September 2010 to May 2011 Assist in the business requirements for a start-up digital signage company. This not only involved the technology in deploying and operating remotely managed content but also worked on business revenue models for marketing the product offerings.  These duties include:  • Research and evaluate multiple vendor software solutions  • Review and test digital monitors, network components and hosting processors  • Identify content feeds available for digital signage distribution:  ? Text, flash, TV, CCTV, RSS, syndicated video, web based content  ? Build network contents  ? Conduct technical demo to potential customers Project Manager - IT Datacenter Raised Floor Johnson & Johnson - Raritan, NJ December 2007 to September 2010 Manage multiple projects associated with the continuous operation and optimization of J&J's primary and secondary datacenters. The enterprise datacenter hosts 4,000 Windows servers, 300 HP & SUN UNIX servers, SAN storage and a supporting network infrastructure.    J&J project manager for the VRI to Iron Mountain tape archive vendor move. This project entailed moving 250,000 tapes critical to the continuous operation of J&J's IT services. This resulted in an annual saving of $100k.    Implemented Centrify Identify Management on all UNIX servers using J&J LDAP active directory.  Facilities representative for the build and launch of the 30,000 square foot J&J IT Morris Plains, NJ datacenter. This datacenter is now active as serves as a development and disaster recovery test site for J&J.    Infrastructure project manager for the $9 billion Pfizer Consumer acquisition, This migration consisted of the migration and de-commissioning 600 Windows servers, 50 UNIX servers and all connected peripheral hardware.    Responsible for the server refresh project that de-commissioned or relocated servers and peripheral devices within the Raritan datacenter. This allowed for optimization of datacenter raised floor space and deployment of new technology.    Performed the J&J IAPP physical security assessment for Raritan and Morris Plains datacenters and authored J&J corporate waivers for exception conditions where they were required.    SOX reviewer for IT physical datacenter security test results. The SOX tests were conducted on a quarterly basis at J&J affiliate companies located throughout the U.S.    Assess J&J affiliate sites for datacenter consolidation and evaluate costs and risk associated with each site's architecture. Project Manager - Global Project Management Johnson & Johnson - Raritan, NJ June 2006 to November 2007 JDE Project Coordinator Track and maintained the JDE Roadmap for all business applications.    Conduct weekly JDE Core Team meetings with all J&J affiliate JDE representatives to review production issues and software revision deployment schedules.    Identify required project resources both internal and external. Create project teams needed to efficiently execute project's deliverables and scope utilizing ITIL and SDLC standards.    Manage and oversaw the delivery of a variety of small, medium and large application deployments.    Manage large customer and NCS internal projects. Responsibilities include driving scope definition, requirements analysis, creating overall project plans, define resource requirements, track program budgets and reporting on program milestones utilizing standard GPM processes and tools.    Develop relationships within the IM organization and lead project review sessions with customers providing project status. Project Portfolio Manager - E-Advantage Johnson & Johnson - Raritan, NJ August 2001 to November 2006 Manage the intake, scheduling and oversight of all J&J affiliates e-Advantage Web hosting projects.  SOX representative with duties that include insuring all SOX required activities are in compliance.  Change Management core team member representing all Internet software and hardware changes. Also assess all datacenter changes and their impact to the availability to the continuous Internet and Extranet services.  Liaison for J&J affiliates E-Advantage Web Site project deployment. Held e-Advantage technical project reviews and planning sessions. These planning sessions occurred with E-Advantage staff, J&J affiliate team members and external technical vendor contractors. Johnson & Johnson - Raritan, NJ July 2001 to July 2001 Jul 2001  Selected and served on the J&J Corporate Internet Privacy Policy core team. The team authored J&J Corporate Internet privacy policy and published a standards manual that outlined the rules for handling personally identified data. The team also conducted reviews of J&J affiliate Web Sites. Additional Information Has extensive experience in enterprise-class datacenter project management. Managed and performed technical lead duties of software development, support, delivery, IT change management, release management, service improvement, software deployment, training and problem resolution. All of these duties were conducted in a large and complex IT infrastructure with a distributed diverse and international client base.  These duties include  • Server hardware upgrades and virtualization  • Datacenter consolidation and migration  ? Application inventory  ? Hardware inventory  ? Dataflow  • Vendor management  • Outsource vendor management  • Software roadmap planning  • Change Management  • Service Delivery  • Release Management  • Problem Management  • Security  • User & Performance Testing  • Laboratory build and migration  • Application architecture review, migration, and upgrade  • O/S upgrades:  ? Windows, Linux, HP Unix, AIX  • Technology refresh:  ? IIS, SQL, Oracle, Security solutions, SharePoint, Citrix  ? Business applications  • SAN, Firewall, DNS and datacenter environmental experience