IT Manager-Systems Engineering <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>-Systems Engineering IT Manager-Systems Engineering - AIG Albany, NY Resourceful, High-Impact Leader and U.S. Navy Veteran, offering 20+ years of demonstrated program management experience in the insurance and IT services verticals. Adept at driving enterprise-level IT transformation programs. Highly skilled in process and performance improvement, best practice implementation, contract negotiation and implementation, problem-solving, and quality assurance/control. Ability to collaborate and create synergy at all organizational levels.     • Adept at driving the adoption of Agile/Waterfall methodologies and best practices. Well versed in delivering end-to-end technical solutions; and managing multimillion-dollar programs, logistics, and process improvement teams.  • Exceptional technical and business acumen tuned for interacting with cross-functional teams of subject matter experts, senior-level executives, and key stakeholders to identify and drive large-scale projects from concept to launch.   • Focus on cost-effective problem solving in dynamic, fast-paced environments. Track record of excellence in driving process improvements and efficiencies and reducing costs through productivity improvements, automation, and optimization. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Manager-Systems Engineering AIG - Fort Worth, TX 2014 to Present • Played an instrumental role in directing the anti-virus software replacement for 30,000+ servers, supervising 6 staff members, and monitoring the installation and maintenance of new anti-virus applications.  • Collaborated with service provider to develop a new project plan; analyzing daily achievements while leveraging broad-based skills in building relationships across functions to drive cohesive, strategic operations.  • Partnered with Fed audit staff and charged with ensuring 75 staff members were briefed on procedures and protocols while facilitating minimal interference.  • Delivered technical support and protected corporation servers from outside intrusion without any disruption in service. Project Manager-Open Systems Business Unit Integration AIG - Fort Worth, TX 2013 to 2014 • Successfully led project to migrate international databases to a new data center in a 60-day timeframe, monitoring 21 international locations through successful completion.  • Served as Endpoint Protection Manager, ensuring all operational servers were maintained in compliance with corporate security directives. Monitored, tracked, and reported transition activities and performance metrics.  • Received an overall compliance rating that averaged at 93% daily within a 6-month timeframe.  • Restructured operations from reactive to proactive, engaging compliance issues with non-compliant groups. Transition Manager-Enterprise Logistics HEWLETT PACKARD - Plano, TX 2001 to 2012 • Orchestrated design, implementation, and deployment of network infrastructure for all military installations in Southern California. Completed assignment on time and within budget, including delivery of 30,000 computers.  • Generated $5M in revenue by redesigning the forward and reverse logistics functions, securing optimum functionality and positive control of transportation and delivery schedules.  • Managed international logistics, supply chain, and transition functions, supervising a staff of 45 contractors. Established inventory process that tracked serial numbers from delivery, deployment, and retirement.  • Led infrastructure design teams through approval phase, overseeing construction and implementation procedures.  • Reduced labor expenses 15%, modifying man hours to correlate with weekly workloads. Education MBA UNIVERSITY OF PHOENIX - San Diego, CA Skills Business Analysis (3 years), Integration (1 year), INTEGRATOR (5 years), Logistics (10+ years), supply chain (10+ years), Powerpoint, Word, Strategic Planning, training, budget Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/bob-clark-MBA Military Service Branch: U.S. Navy Service Country: United States Rank: E-7 February 1974 to November 1993 1. U.S. Navy Chief Submarine Sonar Technician  2. Master Training Specialist Pacific and Atlantic Fleet  3. Certified Curriculum Writer Commendations: 1. Navy Achievement Medal x3  2. South West Asia Service Medal  3. Battle Efficiency Medal  4. National Defense Medal x2  5. Humanitarian Service Medal   6. Expeditionary Medal  7. Certifications/Licenses Texas Realtor January 2002 to January 2021 Assessments Management & Leadership Skills: Planning & Execution — Highly Proficient June 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to effectively plan and manage resources to accomplish organizational goals. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/dxl0fre7vkrr7yzb Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information CORE COMPETENCIES    Strategic Planning & Execution • Project Management • Operational Excellence • Productivity Improvement  IT Strategy • Agile/Scrum Methodologies • Process Improvement • Portfolio Management • Outsourcing • QA/QC  Project Lifecycle Management • Logistics & Supply Chain • Cost Containment • Integration • Vendor Management  Proposal Engineering • Business Analysis • LEAN Manufacturing • ISO Principles • Cross-Functional Team Leadership