IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager During my 30 years in IT, I have held positions in almost all facets of IT. I developed my technical skills at Texas Instruments Information Systems & Services in projects involving mainframes, client-servers, and Unix systems. In the late 90's, I left Texas Instruments to join a consulting company (Delta Corporate Services) that had acquired IT business from one of TI's major clients (Johnson & Johnson). As a consultant to Johnson & Johnson, I my technical role as lead developer and systems architect for several client-server projects in J&J's procurement processes. I navigated to .NET and Java web projects as the client-server architecture gave way to the Web architecture. After the dot-com bust in 2000, I transitioned to IT Project Management for all types of IT projects. Work Experience IT Project Manager Arizona Public Systems 2008 to 2009 Served as a Project Manager and Business Analyst to facilitate a vendor selection process for providing a Services Procurement Contract Management system to the Enterprise.  • Served as a Project Manager to coordinate a database technology upgrade of the Enterprise's Procurement and Inventory System from Sybase to Oracle which included the systems integration coordination and planning of all of the Enterprise Supply Chain and Work Management systems.  • Performed Business Requirements gathering and analysis of Current Services Procurement Contract preparation and execution processes across 8 Business Units.  • Performed Business Process improvement analysis to identify business process weaknesses and future state goals. Process areas were identified whereby system automation and process compliance control would provide ROI for the project.  • Performed Business Case preparation for presentation to Finance / Supply Chain / IT Steering Committees for Capital approval of project.  • Facilitated Vendor demonstrations to ensure that the demonstrations were tailored to business vision.  • Facilitated DBA / Middle ware / Security infrastructure groups to revise system architecture; especially in areas of system security.  • Analyzed Change Requirements for Supply Chain Interfaces: Plant MRO Planning -- Maximo Work Management systems for Nuclear / Fossil / and Energy Distribution business units, Inventory Planning, Accounts Payable - PeopleSoft ERP, General Ledger -- PowerPlant, HR - PeopleSoft ERP, EDI, Transportation.  • Performed Project Tracking and Status communications with IT and Business Steering Committees. Transition IT Project Manager Wyndham Worldwide Corporation January 2006 to December 2006 Served as a Transition Project Manager to deploy Corporate Financial and HR systems to a new datacenter in conjunction with a company spin-off from Cendant Corporation. Systems involved were: Bottomline Paybase Check Printing, Hyperion Financial Management (consolidated financial reporting), Oracle Financials and HCM (HR).  • Defined transition project scope in unison with business community.  • Facilitated work break down structures for Networking/Datacenter Infrastructure groups and Application Vendors.  • Submitted Capital Requests for funding and interact with Finance Committees for approval.  • Facilitated system hardware sizing, architecture, and procurement.  • Facilitated system software licensing and professional services agreements with Application Vendors.  • Provided project governance over each project phase (SDLC).  • Monitored budget, schedule, and resource allocations. IT Project Manager Kraft Foods North America 2003 to 2005 Served in a co- Project Manager role that facilitated the approval and authorization of a series of computer system releases that provided software license tracking and compliance monitoring capabilities for KFNA. These releases were designed to utilize the software license tracking functionality of Peregrine's IT asset tool (ASSETCENTER).  • Conducted project management, systems design, and quality assurance activities using Kraft's adopted eSDP (eSystems Development Process) which is an iterative, early risk identification design approach based on the Rational's Unified Process.  • Facilitated project approvals through written statements of work.  • Provided quality assurance monitoring for projects delivered.  • Coordinated the auditing and remediation activities of Altria's internal audit of software license compliance at KFNA. IT Project Manager United Water 2002 to 2003 Served as Program Manager to manage a $2.1 million set of initiative projects to deploy a Web-enabled Maintenance Management system (MAXIMO 5.1 - MRO Inc.) within the Metro Region of United Water in 2003.  • Responsibilities included performing cost/benefit review and project status sessions with executive steering committees, forming development and implementation teams based on the optimal skill set mix of internal and external resources, interviewing and hiring specific skill set resources, managing and negotiating vendor relationships, conducting business customer workshop sessions, developing project schedules, and managing project budgets. Education Sciences Texas State Technical College 2014 Bachelors of Science in Computer Science Texas A&M University 1980 Additional Information Key Skills  • IT Project Manager (8 years) • IT Systems Architect (7 years)    • IT Project DBA (2 years) • IT Systems Analyst/Developer (13 years)    • Oracle database developer (6 years) • J2EE Struts, javascript developer (1 year)    • Java JSP developer (1 year) • VB .Net developer (5 years)    • C/C++ Unix developer (7 years)    Network Training Experience  • Configured Cisco 1841, 1941 routers for RIP, RIPv2, EIGRP and OSPF routing protocols.  • Configured Cisco 2960 switches for port security, VTP (virtual trunking protocol) and STP (spanning tree protocol).  • Configured Cisco ASA firewall device.  • Received SEC+ Security training.  • Received Virtualization training for VMWare Server and Hyper-V.  • Received MS 2008/2012 Server Admin and Active Directory training.