IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager Herndon, VA Demonstrated ambitious IT Project Manager/Software Engineer with proficiency and understanding of the Software Development Life Cycle, including Agile and Waterfall. Results-driven with significant and progressive experience and expertise in project plan, project completion, scope, costing, scheduling, risk management, contract negotiations, planning and tracking, quality, and change management throughout the project life cycle. Expertise in achieving cost-effective production with increased quality. Skillful in identifying business and system requirements. Well versed in Oracle 10g, SQL Unix, Bash scripting, Drupal Administration and Java. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager CandleLight Technologies, Navy Federal Credit Union - Vienna, VA November 2018 to February 2019 Responsible for Portfolio Management of ISD Tools portfolio under the Application Management and Support Team (AMAS) at Navy Federal Credit Union.  ? Managed up to 7 in-flight projects simultaneously  ? Facilitated communication between vendor and customer to ensure requirements were met IT Project Manager Collabera, Fannie Mae - Reston, VA February 2018 to November 2018 Responsible for program/ project level management of the migration of applications of the Single Family Front End and Finance Portfolios to the Out of Region (OOR) disaster recovery site in St. Louis, MO.  ? Manage the migration of approximately 80 applications  ? Accurately assess the risks/issues associated with each application and systematically manage and report on risks/issues  ? Maintain project schedule, remove blockers, and manage communication between multiple teams IT Project Manager Randstad, Freddie Mac May 2017 to February 2018 Support the management and planning of all efforts associated with the projects in CDW including: development and management of work plans, define and deliver individual project deliverables as a part of the overall program deliverables, manage the expectations of all stakeholders, organize and address emerging project requirements, manage project relationships and integrations, manage multiple project teams in delivery of commitments.    ? Manage projects with teams of up to 15 and budgets up to $250,000. Co-manage projects up to $2.5 million  ? Successfully developed the Pre-Intake process for potential projects coming into CDW. Work with customers and stakeholders to determine scope and collect level of effort (LOE) for high level budgeting and project scheduling. Responsible for the sizing and tracking of over 30 Pre-Intake projects at any given time  ? Manage multiple end-to-end projects simultaneously to ensure successful deployment on-time and on-budget  ? Report project progress, issues, and risks through weekly status reports  ? Accurately assess the risks/issues associated with each project and systematically manage and report on project risks/issues  ? Ensure that the solutions meet all infrastructure requirements such as information security, performance, maintainability, scalability, and extensibility Project Manager NuAxis Innovations, Department - Reston, VA October 2014 to May 2017 Responsible for the development, coordination, and delivery of standardized initial and continuing training related to business practices for the DOI-OCIO Customer Service Centers located in Reston, VA and Denver, CO. Responsible for the development of processes, methodologies, and associated materials as needed for organizational business development. Analyze quality monitoring reports, customer satisfaction surveys and other data trends in support of the DOI-OCIO. Analyze program data collection resources to facilitate a repeatable data collection process. Implement Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL) best practices.    ? Project Manager on an initiative designed to integrate Cloud-based applications with Active Directory Federated Services (ADFS) directly reporting to the CIO of the Department of the Interior  ? Initiated CSC knowledge management system in order to provide a method of organizing, standardizing, analyzing, and maintaining over 1000 documents for a call center with over 50,000 customers  ? Project Manager over CSC knowledge management system and training program  ? Well versed in BMC Remedy, MS Office and SharePoint, Federal Personnel Payroll System (FPPS), Oracle Federal Financials (OFF), Financial and Business Management System (FBMS), Google Apps for Business, and Google Analytics  ? Well versed in Google Apps for Business, Google Analytics, Drupal, and WordPress  ? Responsible for analysis of customer comments including negative comments trending and employee kudos  ? Analyze numeric answers to specific survey questions to determine customer satisfaction trends Project Analyst Experis IT, Fannie Mae - Reston, VA March 2014 to July 2014 IMPROV Project, New Platform for Automating Fannie Mae Applications)  Performed scope documentation, requirements gathering and documentation, test plan creation, test cases documentation, test results consolidation and reporting. Initiated scope and requirements templates creation. Researched the functionality, use, and implementation process for platform components and shared services. Utilized Microsoft SharePoint to interact with project documentation. Communicated with various stakeholders, particularly project developers/engineers.    ? Conducted high-level analysis of 9 software components for integration of 78+ Cloud Service Provider (CSP) applications to IMPROV project enabling Fannie Mae to move legacy systems to a cloud computing environment  ? Performed scope documentation, requirements gathering and documentation, test plan creation, test cases documentation, test results consolidation and reporting for the following automation and integration components: Informatica, Ab Initio, Oracle Client, Oracle Registration, Oracle Operations Automation, ESSO, EPV-Cyber Ark, and CMBD, Solaris 10, SLES 10 and 11, Windows, Apache 2.2, TC Server, WLS, Sybase, SQL, Oracle, Oracle Client, and Autosys Installation  ? Initiated scope and requirements templates creation for the above components, which are to be executed as Agile SDLCs  ? Researched the functionality, use, and implementation process for the above platform components and shared services  ? Utilized Microsoft SharePoint to interact with project documentation  ? Communicated with various stakeholders, particularly project developers/engineers  ? Reviewed Fannie Mae SDLC artifacts relating to analysis, design, and testing  ? Completed training in the Fannie Mae Agile SDLC, and applied knowledge in the EPPM project management tool Education Master's in IT Virginia Polytechnic Institute March 2020 Bachelor of Arts in Religious Studies in Political Science Randolph-Macon Women's College - Lynchburg, VA Skills PMP, Waterfall, PM, SDLC, Project Management, Itil, Information Technology, Software Development Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) July 2016 to July 2019 ITIL v3 Present Driver's License