IT Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Information Technology Project Manager Southaven, MS * Highly skilled, PMP & ITIL Sr. Project Management Professional with an extensive background in multiple technological disciplines, as well as significant IT management experience.  * Automotive industry experience as a Sr. Project Manager at Ford. Worked on the development of Ford's Connected Vehicle platform. Estimated resources required for project deployment.  * Organized and assisted in developing an ITO support model for Fords Always on initiative.  * Extensive experience in defining project scope, goals and deliverables that support business goals in collaboration with senior management and stakeholders. Provided forecast for future cost and analysis. Ensured multiple tasks and deliverables were completed on time, on schedule, within scope, and on budget.  * Solid experience planning and scheduling project timelines and milestones using appropriate tools.  * Exceptional track record in leading global cross-functional teams to successfully drive projects to completion. Project teams typically include onshore, offshore, internal, external vendor, functional, business and technical resources (North America, Latin America, Asia, Europe, etc.). Maintained SLA's between Customers and vendors.  * Highly experienced in issue resolution, risk identification and mitigation, change and dependency management.  * Knowledge and understanding of Agile and waterfall methodologies. Applied expertise across the complete project lifecycle, led project sessions such as estimation, requirements, design, scheduling/planning within an iterative development (RUP, Agile) framework. Strong understanding of Life Cycle Management (LCM).  * Commendable skill in strengthening relationships by engaging business leaders to establish credibility, solving problems, building consensus and achieving objectives.  * Proficient in SharePoint, Clarity, Windows (All versions), OS X, Linux, DoS, Microsoft Office (Enterprise/Professional Suite with MS Project and One Note), Lotus Notes, Remedy Ticketing, and HP Service Manager 7.  * In addition to a broad range of technology skills, Leslie has very strong analytical, leadership and interpersonal skills with a focus on Team Delivery.  * Highly adaptive, creative thinker who possesses excellent communication skills (oral & written) with the keen ability to apply a wide spectrum of knowledge to the development of creative new solutions.  * Leslie is very interested in this opportunity. He is a local candidate available for your immediate consideration. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Manager Walker-Miller Energy Services - Detroit, MI March 2017 to Present IT Manger Walker-Miller Energy Services (Present),  March 1996 – May 2016  • Manager of day to day IT operations   • I identify and act opportunities to improve and upgrade software and systems.  • Overseeing and identifying timeframes for IT projects   • Supervising and providing direction for IT team members.  • Managing and reporting on allocation of IT budget.   • Developing and implementing IT policies and best practices.   • Ensure security of data network and infrastructur Sr. Project Manager Ford Motor Company/Thirdware - Dearborn, MI October 2015 to May 2016 * Directed and managed project development for SCA-Customer.  * Organized and assisted in developing an ITO support models for Fords Always on initiative.  * Interacted with third tier vendors to assist in procurement of services for Ford Pass Appreciation.  * Communicated project expectations to team members and stakeholders in a timely and clear fashion.  * Provided forecast for future cost and analysis. Provided financial forecast for Ford Pervasive Modem platform.  * Participated in development of Fords Connected Vehicle platform. Estimated resources required for project deployment.  * Delivered systems and service commitments on schedule, using assigned internal/external resources and following standards.  * Provided status reports to senior management on weekly and monthly basis.  * Maintained SLA's between Customers and vendors.  * Ability to bridge knowledge gaps between highly experienced and new practitioners.  * Managed projects which were considered highly sensitive and certified secret.    Sr. Project Manager @ City of Memphis/Zycron (Memphis, TN)  * Directed and managed project development governed by the PMO from beginning to end.  * Defined project scope, goals and deliverables that supported business goals in collaboration with senior management and stakeholders.  * Developed full-scale project plans and associated communications documents.  * Effectively communicated project expectations to team members and stakeholders in a timely and clear fashion.  * Liaised with project stakeholders on an ongoing basis.  * Estimated the resources and participants needed to achieve project goals.  * Delivered systems and service commitments on schedule, using assigned internal/external resources and following standards.  * Provided status reports to senior management on weekly and monthly basis.  * Knowledge of maintaining SLA between Customers and vendors. Understanding of Life Cycle Management (LCM).  * Ability to bridge knowledge gaps between highly experienced and new practitioners.  * Managed projects with budgets averaging $400,000.00.  * Project portfolio consisting of Infrastructure, application development and database design and implementations.    Project Manager @ Hewlett Packard GNOQ (Pontiac, MI)  * Migrated HP legacy network management accounts via PMO into a GNO delivery model v.  * Directed and managed project development from beginning to end.  * Defined project scope, goals and deliverables that supported business goals in collaboration with senior management and stakeholders.  * Developed full-scale project plans and associated communications documents.  * Effectively communicated project expectations to team members and stakeholders in a timely and clear fashion.  * Liaised with project stakeholders on an ongoing basis.  * Estimated the resources and participants needed to achieve project goals.  * Drafted and submitted budget proposals, and recommended subsequent budget changes where necessary.  * Negotiated with other department managers for the acquisition of required personnel from within the company.  * Utilization HP Openview monitoring, reporting of matrix also utilized Clarity and other project management tools.  * Determined and assessed need for additional staff and/or consultants and made the appropriate recruitments if necessary during project cycle.    Project Manager @ Moody's Analytics/Syntel Inc. (Manhattan, NY)  * Led cross-functional teams to successfully drive projects to completion. Project teams typically included onshore, offshore, internal, external vendor, functional, business and technical resources.  * Utilized strong analytical, leadership and interpersonal skills with focus on Team Delivery.  * Exhibited maturity in dealing with all levels of business and IT management including Directors and Senior Management. Strengthened relationships across business by engaging business leaders to establish credibility, solving problems, building consensus and achieving objectives.  * Applied expertise across the complete project lifecycle, led project sessions such as estimation, requirements, design, scheduling/planning within an iterative development (RUP, Agile) framework. Lent broad and deep credibility during discussions because of past experience.  * Planned out all phases of the project including requirements, design, builds conversion, QA, UAT and training.  * Communicated and assigned cross project team members to the planned tasks. Monitored and adjusted the project plan to ensure the success of the project.  * Utilized negotiation skills to drive project team and executives to make decisions in a timely manner in order to deliver project as to agreed scope, schedule and budget.  * Partnered with corporate planning to track project/program budgets at a detailed level.  * Drove issue resolution, risk identification and mitigation, change and dependency management. Encouraged the active use of a strong risk management framework with the project teams and stakeholders.  * Demonstrated commitment to and ensured team adherence to MIT Enterprise Project Governance model and project data integrity as defined within the MIT Investment Framework including; PDLC (estimating, purchasing, planning, scheduling, execution, risk management, quality and process control, change management), timely submission of project artifacts and deliverables including successful passing of project audits including PPQA, internal controls and SOX controls as well as accurate and timely submission of team labor in resource management systems.  * Independently managed requirements and design-related activities for complex projects that cross multiple systems and have multiple stakeholder types.  * Partnered with technical architects to assure that technical models were aligned with business models.  * Supported Business Requirements activities by providing end-to-end analysis for product and initiatives with respect to data requirements, data flows, data modeling, workflow context and design, and user interface designs within and across Moody's systems.  * Independently designed highly usable interaction models and screens for entirely new or substantially re-imagined applications.  * Managed technical appropriateness and/or feasibility of requirements and designs.  * Actively managing Stakeholders of all levels by leading discussions of project scope and approach, and presented business analysis findings/documentation and proposed solutions.    Project Manager @ Roush Enterprise/EHN (Livonia, MI)  * Proven track record in executing large scale infrastructure implementations; leading all phases from beginning to end of projects.  * Planned and managed multiple concurrent infrastructure projects of varying sizes in support of several businesses and/or functions.  * Delivered systems and service commitments on schedule, using assigned internal/external resources and following standards.  * Managed projects in a matrix organization, especially the automotive industry.  * Successfully worked with/managed outsourced data center providers and other key vendors.  * Strong Technical background in all areas of infrastructure services including data center, network, security, and end users technologies.  * Worked effectively with business unites translating their requirements into technical solutions.  * Responsible for managing the overall relationship/performance with the primary managed service agreement (MSA) vendors, including contracted services performance, quality and cost through service level metrics and contractual agreements  * Participated in, and possibly lead, projects to create, improve, or standard processes that support vendor operations in a global delivery model; Investigated, proposed, and implemented tools and processes to automate vendor reporting.  * Conducted monthly vendor reviews with all preferred vendors and provided executive level briefing on vendor status.  * Partnered with the other Kaiser vendor governance groups to ensure successful delivery of services from vendor partners.  * Supported IT personnel for contract issue management identification and proactive resolution of potential issues including monitoring and escalating key Service Provider-related issues.  * Participated and supported the creation and maintenance of contract statement of work, RFP/RFQ and vendor bidding process.  * Provided project management for contract transition.    Project Manager @ Hewlett Packard GNOQ (Pontiac, MI)  * Responsible for (not limited to) migrating HP legacy network management accounts into a GNO delivery model.  * Directed and managed project development from beginning to end.  * Defined project scope, goals and deliverables that supported business goals in collaboration with senior management and stakeholders.  * Developed full-scale project plans and associated communications documents.  * Effectively communicated project expectations to team members and stakeholders in a timely and clear fashion.  * Liaised with project stakeholders on an ongoing basis. Estimated the resources and participants needed to achieve project goals.  * Drafted and submitted budget proposals, and recommended subsequent budget changes where necessary.  * Where required, negotiated with other department managers for the acquisition of required personnel from within the company.  * Utilized HP Openview monitoring, reporting of matrix.  * Determined and assessed need for additional staff and/or consultants and make the appropriate recruitments if necessary during project cycle.  * Set and continually managed project expectations with team members and other stakeholders.  * Identified and resolved issues and conflicts within the project team. Identified and managed project dependencies and critical path.  * Planned and scheduled project timelines and milestones using appropriate tools.  * Tracked project milestones and deliverables utilizing MS Project.  * Developed and delivered progress reports, proposals, requirements documentation, and presentations.  * Determined the frequency and content of status reports from the project team, analyzed results, and troubleshot problem areas.  * Proactively managed changes in project scope, identified potential crises, and devised contingency plans.  * Defined project success criteria and disseminated them to involved parties throughout project life cycle.  * Coached, mentored, motivated and supervised project team members and contractors, and influence them to take positive action and accountability for their assigned work.  * Built, developed, and grew any business relationships vital to the success of the project.    Operations Manager @ AT&T (Livonia, MI)  * ITIL foundation certified with emphasis on problem, incident and change management.  * Utilized Project Tracker and MS Project; ensured the timely and accurate completion of the project case detail brief for all clients within their teams support. This document served as the basis for the plan design within the system and must contain all of the plan eligibility requirements to support the client and the services that they have purchased.  * Provided the process flow and follow-up to ensure that the appropriate level of quality review is performed on the case setup to achieve the required quality levels.  * Developed and monitored the appropriate metrics to track clients and processes that have performance penalties attached to them. These metrics were pre-emptive, and allow the management team time to react to problems or issues prior to having incurred any financial penalties.  * Ability to define, measure, design, validate and implement new processes that will ensure operational effectiveness and control.  * Ensured the timely and accurate completion of the case setup processes for all clients within their teams support, and in accordance with the timeline commitments.  * Periodically reviewed the audit and control processes to identify potential improvements within these processes. This position worked with Account Management to identify the client audit needs and coordinate the implementation of these audit processes.  * Provided status reports to senior management on weekly and monthly basis.  * Knowledge of maintaining SLA between Customers and vendors. Understanding of Life Cycle Management (LCM).  * Ability to bridge knowledge gaps between highly experienced and new practitioners.  * Utilized IT management tools such as Remedy, Business Direct and Vantiff.  * Developed and conducted training program. Systematically advanced knowledge level and practice skills of entire team. Led documentation development.  * Administrative Resource management, including the management of vacation requests, performance appraisals, terminations, counseling, additions to staff, and other aspects of administrative management    Details of prior project management experience available upon request Education Bachelor's in Computer Science University of Maryland - College Park, MD August 1987 to December 1991 Skills ITIL (10+ years), MICROSOFT PROJECT (10+ years), MS PROJECT (10+ years), REMEDY (10+ years), ANDROID (Less than 1 year) Military Service Branch: USN Navy Service Country: United States Rank: E5 September 1987 to March 1996 Served as Navy Personnelman and (SAR) Commendations: Naval Commendation, Good Conduct, SAR designation Battle E, Certifications/Licenses ITIL v3 August 2011 to Present PMP August 2011 to Present Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:    Technologies  ? NAS, Gigabt Ethernet, VoIP, RAID Technology, ITIL mythologies, TCP/IP, SMTP, POP3, Email, DNS, FTP, .N+ Layers 1-7 OSI Framework, NET Framework  Hardware  ? Cisco 2500, 3500, switches and routers, Linksys networking (Cisco) utilization, Netgear RangeMax Wireless routers, HP Switches (3Com), LAN/WAN Switches, SAN Storage, Windows Server Platforms, PC, Macintosh(Apple)  Software  ? SharePoint, Clarity, Windows (All versions), OS X, Linux, DoS, Microsoft Office (Enterprise/Professional Suite with MS Project and One Note, Lotus Notes, Remedy Ticketing, HP Service Manager 7, Goodlink, Blackberry, Android, IOS, Programming languages C, C++, Java, HTML