IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager - Heartland Crop Insurance Topeka, KS • Managed 250+ projects  • Overseeing full lifecycle development  • Reducing time of completion of projects while increasing quality of production    (Previous experience upon request)    • Lean Six Sigma Yellow belt  • Project Management Professional Certification - Currently working on  • Scout Master for Troop 56 - Topeka, Kansas 5 years as Scout Master and 1 year before that as the Assistant Scout Master  • Eagle Scout Award Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager Heartland Crop Insurance - Topeka, KS 2015 to Present • Responsible for the coordinated management of multiple related projects directed toward strategic business and other organizational objectives on new multi-million-dollar Enterprise system  • Initiate projects and manage cost, schedule, and performance of component projects, while working to ensure the ultimate success and acceptance of the program  • Maintain continuous alignment of program scope with strategic business objectives, and make modification recommendations to enhance effectiveness toward the business result or strategic intent  • Analyze operational data and compile status and forecasting reports for Executives  • Evaluate systems requirements and/or the development of new procedures/processes/policy solutions to address complex business needs  • Work with various team members and sponsors to develop user experience design  • Assess impact and implications from a cost, efficiency, contractual, legal and/or regulatory standpoint  • Coach, mentor and lead personnel within a technical team environment.  • Consult with technical and non-technical team members ensuring cross-functional communication of needs and technical limitations  • Facilitate meetings with project team members and stakeholders  • Maintain and foster teamwork between business analysts, developers, and quality assurance to meet stakeholder expectations Technical Project Manager Topeka, KS 2012 to 2015 Project Management  • Managing monthly data extract process, including analysis and follow-up of any issues  • Demonstrated experience with agile and other project management methodologies  • Excellent management skills coordinating with teams, clients and project stakeholders  • Customer service skills with strong relationship management skills  • Acceptance criteria using requirements and user stories to confirm when and what is to be completed on a project  • Estimating implementation costs and efforts  • Special Projects as directed  ? Team Leadership  • Identify and resolve issues and conflicts within a project team  • Identify and remove roadblocks  • Ability to drive existing processes and taking ownership of process improvements  • Excellent oral and written communication skills  • Completing research and providing analysis as needed to support management in decision making  ? Facilitator/Communicator/Coordinator  • All levels of the organization  • Assigning projects to IT teams as directed by client instructions  • Ability to work with all levels of internal and external organizations  • Ability to interact positively and successfully with all levels of associates and managers to meet business needs  • Documenting flows and procedures for performance quality as a result of implementation  • Ensuring quality of solutions delivered (leading user acceptance testing)  • Leading First Time Event Testing to ensure client satisfaction  ? Problem Solving  • Demonstrated Risk Management and Quality management skills  • Strong work ethic and proven ability to thrive in a time-sensitive environment  • Identifying, developing and executing continuous improvement opportunities  ? 253+ projects managed  • 4 Product launches  • 128+ Large product enhancement projects  • 121+ Small product enhancement projects Education Bachelor of Business Administration in Finance and Accounting WASHBURN UNIVERSITY - Topeka, KS May 2012 Additional Information Skills Summary  ? People Soft  ? One Note  ? Microsoft Project  ? JIRA    ? Problem solving  ? Open Air  ? Knowledge in Excel  ? Confluence    ? Excel Macros  ? Microsoft Word  ? Knowledge in Access    Employment History    TECHNICAL PROFILE  Dedicated and talented Project Manager with over 4 years of experience managing various aspects of projects. Started out with se2 right out of college as a Project Analyst and because of my organizational ability and communication style I was quickly promoted into a Technical Project Manager. In this role I managed the relationship with several different clients, handled large multi-million dollar projects, and managed up to 40 smaller projects simultaneously. My true strength as a Project Manager comes from my ability to keep my teams organized through the use of tools like Microsoft Project, Open Air, and JIRA. I'm well acquainted working with various insurance projects and have worked in an Agile/ Waterfall hybrid environment.