IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager Oak Park, CA I am a dedicated and technically skilled IT Professional with a versatile skill set developed through experience  as an Office Manager, Systems Engineer and Project Lead. I excel in resolving employer challenges with  innovative solutions, systems and process improvements proven to increase efficiency, and advanced computer  skills in MS Office Suite specializing in Excel. Work Experience IT Project Manager Town and Country Event Rentals April 2016 to Present Coordinate internal resources and third parties/vendors for the flawless execution of projects  Ensure that all projects are delivered on-time, within scope and within budget  Developing project scopes and objectives, involving all relevant stakeholders and ensuring technical feasibility  Ensure resource availability and allocation  Develop a detailed project plan to track progress  Use appropriate verification techniques to manage changes in project scope, schedule and costs  Measure project performance using appropriate systems, tools and techniques  Report and escalate to management as needed  Manage the relationship with the client and all stakeholders  Perform risk management to minimize project risks  Establish and maintain relationships with third parties/vendors  Create and maintain comprehensive project documentation Project Coordinator Guitar Center January 2015 to April 2016 •Configure user access, end-user applications, and assist with other duties  •Develop detailed documentation to describe product deployment, configuration, upgrading, and maintenance for Change Management requests.    Systems Engineer at Syntel  January 2015 - April 2016 (1 year 4 months)  • Improved budget reports to enhance clarity of expenses and increase efficiency.  • Supported the removal of the BES server by providing accurate data extraction through excel.  • Onboarding and off boarding procedures (onsite, retail, remote and offshore)  • Mobile Device Management  • Troubleshooting issues and providing instruction for applications  • Provide 24/7 support for mobile devices, land lines, RSA, and internet outages  • Programming mobile devices, working with users onsite and over the phone  • Implementation, modification, documentation, and training of process modules  • Administration of the help desk ticketing system.  • Project lead on new/remodeled store landlines and data installations  • Projecting and monitoring landlines, data, conferencing, and mobile contracts and monthly costs Office Manager Malibu Riders March 2013 to January 2015 Improves and manages all accounting and payroll functions through QuickBooks. Implemented office  policies and procedures for hourly employees. Provide superior education in the horsemanship and horseback  riding classes. Recruited, screened and interviewed applicants for clerical position.  • Implemented payroll & employee auditing system through excel.  • Improved teamwork & communication by hosting bi-weekly meetings.  • Lead instructor in horsemanship & horseback riding trail guides.    1 person has recommended Nicole  "Nicky was a spark plug, filled with energy and drive. She always tackled every task given to her and performed it enthusiastically. Her role entailed learning a multitude of skill sets, which she took on and  thrived. She was always willing to help her fellow teammates and led by example. She was also one of the sweetest people I've ever worked with. It was a pleasure working with her, and any team would benefit from  her drive."    - Ben F. Espanto, Director of Marketing, Sothebys International Realty, managed Nicole at Sotheby's  International Realty    Contact Nicole on LinkedIn