IT Project Coordinator <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> Coordinator IT Project Coordinator San Pablo, CA Resourceful IT Project Manager skilled in streamlining operations and maintaining schedules to ensure maximum customer satisfaction and business revenue. Skilled in coordinating diverse teams and resources to complete objectives. Organized and detail-oriented with proactive and hardworking nature. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Coordinator Restoration Hardware - Madera, CA September 2018 to November 2018 • Point of Contact for all maintenance and warranty issues for new galleries for first 12 months of an opening, manage day two projects as assigned for new galleries in their assigned region.  • Conducts 10 Month warranty walk through with general contractor.  • Works closely with Construction Leaders and other business partners for assigned galleries in region for warranty issues and design feedback.  • Manage gallery opening timeline schedule for their assigned region.  • Assist in the implementation of roll-outs, minor remodels, special store events and store repairs. Track status of roll-outs and report up-to-date spending vs. budget and report variances.  • Assist with the vendor management for setting up all Preventative Maintenance programs for new galleries in assigned region and forecast annual spend.  • Provide back up Support to the day to day repair and maintenance service request.  • Generate reports for all new galleries in assigned region to analyze warranty items etc.  • Responsible for thoroughly diagnosing complex problems and projects, communicating with appropriate parties and driving issues to resolution and completion.  • Responsible for analyzing data and recommending solutions, procedures and process improvements to exceed customer service standards and department goals.  • Responsible for daily departmental goal setting, task prioritization, crisis management and resource planning to exceed customer service standards.  • Responsible for the execution and establishment of store specific projects against schedule, budget and scope.  • Generate Maintenance Guide for all new galleries  • Perform site audits during routine site visits.  • Monitor Utility Spend and Invoices for first 12 months for assigned galleries in region.  • Must be available 24/7 for support. Jr. Project Manager Marin Software - San Francisco, CA January 2017 to September 2018 Current projects:    Co-managing large scale global Telephony upgrade. During this project I the liaison between the Product Owner potential vendors as well as Stakeholders. Attend all meetings maintaining project schedule, budget, and changes. Acting lead on product trial.     Lead Project Manager on Privacy Policy project. Acting Scrum Master, handling sprint planning and bi weekly sprints. Assist in creating stories, break down work load, and maintain project timeline. Attend all meetings to manage changes. Work closely with Legal to confirm the projects needs and make necessary adjustments. This is a large scale ongoing global project.    Lead Project Manager on Security Policy project. Acting Scrum Master, handling sprint planning and bi weekly sprints. Assist in creating stories, break down work load, and maintain project timeline. This is a large scale global project.     • Scrum master for bi-weekly Sprint planning  • Monitor work flow and maintain project timelines  • Make vital decisions and drive decision making across projects  • Oversee multiple projects across all phases of development  • Work as part of a tight knit team to achieve project milestones    My experience with Marin Software has grown at a steady rate as I round out into my third year. The first project I managed was creating and implementing a mobility department with policy and procedure. I took a $13,000 Verizon Wireless cooperate bill and reduced cost more than 70% bringing our current bill to $3,000 a month. The outcome of this project saved the company money and created a streamline approach to tracking new and current wireless lines.     The second project I managed was the upgrading our two server rooms with new UPS batteries. This project was completed 5 months ahead of schedule and $15,000 under budget. I was lead PM on this project. IT Technician II Marin Software Inc. - San Francisco, CA June 2016 to January 2017 Responsibilities   Handle high volume of web request, assisting Marin Software employees with hardware/software complications:   • Scrum Master  • Slack Admin  • Large Scale project management  • UPS replacement  • Exchanging hard drives, ram, and many other hardware replacements for MAC/Windows machines   • Full admin control of Google/Google apps   • Port activation & switch configurations   • Troubleshooting company networking   • Troubleshooting Windows 7/Mac/iPhone at an enterprise level   • Providing IT support for remote users   • Meet SLA for all level of customers   • Knowledge of Samange ticketing system   • Knowledge of back end SAP environments   • Knowledge of Active Directory   • Computer re-imaging for Windows/Macintosh machines   • A/V administrator   • Manage large business wireless accounts with major vendor   • Create and fulfill large purchase orders with various vendors   • Knowledge of Linux   • Manage/inventory VM host   • Desk side support with CEO, executives, and all users   • Project coordinator for mobility support with Verizon Wireless   • Active Directory Administrator   • Google App admin   • Office relocation   • UPS budget coordinator   • Server Maintenance   • LDAP account creations  • SLA manager  • Project Manager    Accomplishments   Creating structure within mobility  Financial savings within the mobility department   Streamlining A/V support   IT org chart IT Technician Marin Software Inc. - San Francisco, CA January 2015 to May 2016 Responsibilities  Handle high volume of web request, assisting Marin Software employees with hardware/software complications:   • Exchanging hard drives, ram, and many other hardware replacements for MAC/Windows machines  • Full admin control of google/google apps  • Port activation & switch configurations   • Troubleshooting company networking   • Troubleshooting Windows 7/Mac/iPhone at an enterprise level   • Providing IT support for remote users  • Meet SLA for all level of customers  • Knowledge of Samange ticketing system  • Knowledge of back end SAP environments  • Knowledge of Active Directory  • Computer re-imaging for Windows/Macintosh machines  • A/V administrator  • Manage large business wireless accounts with major vendor  • Create and fulfill large purchase orders with various vendors  • Knowledge of Linux  • Manage/inventory VM host  • Desk side support with CEO, executives, and all users  • Project coordinator for mobility support with Verizon Wireless  • Active Directory Administrator  • Google App admin  • Office relocation  • UPS budget coordinator  • Server Maintenance     Accomplishments  Financial savings within the mobility department  Stream lining A/V support  IT org chart IT Help Desk Support Aerotek Staffing Agency/ Genentech, Inc - Redwood City, CA March 2014 to January 2015 Responsibilities  Handle high volume of inbound calls and web request, assisting GNE employees with hardware/software complications:     Skills Used  • Troubleshooting Windows 7/Mac/iPhone/iPad at an enterprise level   • Providing IT Support for Field Sales/Platinum/Titanium  • Meet SLA for all level of customers  • Knowledge of Remedy and HPSM ticketing systems   • Knowledge of back end SAP environments  • Knowledge of Active Directory  • Re-imaging for Windows 7 & Macintosh Client Success Specialist Aerotek Staffing Agency/ Castlight Health, Inc - San Francisco, CA October 2013 to December 2013 San Francisco CA  Customer Support: Oct 2013 - Dec 2013  Handle high volume of inbound calls, chat and emails from users of our web-based application regarding:  • Assisting users with health care shopping  • Handle password resets and account lockouts  • Respond to users within the parameters of our service level agreements  • Utilize user and internal feedback to identify opportunities to enhance the user experience in the application  • Maintain strict confidentiality when dealing with personal health information  • Identify situations that are beyond the scope of Tier 1 training and escalate to appropriate Tier 2 agents when necessary Education El Cerrito Senior High - El Cerrito, CA Skills Scrum (Less than 1 year), Waterfall, Scrum Master, PM, Information Technology, CSM, Project Management Certifications/Licenses Scrum Master February 2017 to Present Additional Information SPECIAL SKILLS:  • Apple Certified  • Over eleven years of excellent customer service and data entry  • Great leadership and a team player  • Type 55 wpm  • 10-key (8,000 keystrokes per hour)  • Proficient in Microsoft Office: Word and Outlook  • Proficient in Lotus Notes  • Excel, PowerPoint, Adobe proficient  • HIPPA Trained  • Provider Relations  • Over 10 years of insurance verification in mental health, Medicare, HMO/PPO  • Excellent and efficient troubleshooting capabilities  • Experience using such software as: Sales Force and Interaction Client  • SAP knowledge  • VMware troubleshoot  • GMAIL troubleshoot