Senior Project Manager Senior <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Senior Project Manager - GlaxoSmithKline • Creative, team focused and systems oriented thinker with over 10 years of accomplishments in project management, user experience and interface design, marketing, and software development lifecycle. Proficient in liaising with stakeholders to develop and manage business processes, IT and technical project management, disaster recovery provisioning, and user experience practices.  • Stakeholder Management: Assessed stakeholder needs and organizational culture to determine effective implementation strategies for new technologies and process enhancements. Performed impact analysis on key implementations and processes. Collaborated with management to communicate the importance of process changes throughout the organization.  • Technical Project Management: Collaborate with network engineers, enterprise architects, and IT project managers to ensure timely implementation of firewall changes. Determine technical details required for change requests. Enable access to key applications such as SAP GUI, ERP systems, printers and print servers, and websites. Execute emergency change requests per set guidelines and processes.  • Disaster Recovery: Conduct business impact assessments to determine disaster / application recovery procedures. Interview business and IT application owners and subject matter experts to determine overall risk level. Assist in developing application recovery plans and procedures.  • Web Project Management: Execute web projects from concept to completion. Adhere to user interface and user experience best practices and models. Utilize focus groups and usability tests to enhance products and effectiveness. Successfully delivered solutions using Waterfall and Agile methodologies while adhering to company specific Project Management Methodologies.  • Global Infrastructure and Integration: Interact with key stakeholders on a global scale for execution of integration and infrastructure projects. Lead troubleshooting meetings, gauge business impact and criticality, and provide resolution strategies and action items.  • Business Process Re-engineering: Experience in developing, refining and implementing business processes in multiple capacities ranging from mobile applications, online testing, ecommerce, document management and financial reporting.  • Presentation, Collaboration and Facilitation: Routinely lead presentations to senior executives, managers and business units. Presentation material included, but not limited to, status updates and approvals for continuing project and/or product development.  • Develop Learning Strategies: Use instructional materials and training sessions to enhance business processes and efficiency across multiple industries and business units including but not limited to marketing, information technology, and web development.  • Strategic Business Partners: Establish and develop strategic partnerships across multiple business units to directly support key business processes. Coordinate and engage project stream leads, subject matter experts, and management to support the executive leadership strategy and program objectives. Share strategy and best practices learned with outside business. Work Experience Senior Project Manager GlaxoSmithKline - Collegeville, PA August 2014 to Present • Project Planning and Execution: Coordinate activities between GSK business units, business owners, and server / service owners.  • Application and Server Reduction - Manage service group leads to successfully reduce EIS server and application counts by 8% in 2015.  • W2003 Platform Currency - Work with service leads and business owners to successfully upgrade servers on the W2003 OS to W2008 or W2012 in order to maintain currency and enhance security on a Microsoft supported platform.  • Stakeholder Management: Engage work-stream leads, business unit project managers, and subject matter experts.  • Infrastructure currency and consolidation: Complete execution of Windows 2003 upgrades and decommission in order to achieve server currency and reduction objectives.  • Data center migration: Data integration and analysis of RTP data center, core data centers, and rest of world data center sites.  • Manage pre-migration, migration, and post migration activities.  • Coordinate resources and personnel to ensure successful server migration and upgrades.  • Communications: Report any risks and / or impediments to senior leadership and executives, provide RACI and RAID updates.  • Agile Project Management: Lead daily scrum meetings. IT Project Manager DePuy Synthes, a Johnson and Johnson company - Paoli, PA September 2013 to August 2014 Disaster Recovery Planning:  • Conduct business impact assessments for over 300 applications and systems, with a focus on applications with a GxP risk designation.  • Engage business and IT owners and subject matter experts on each application to determine a risk value score, and used score as a determinant for application recovery planning and testing. Managed the business impact assessment SharePoint repository.  • Develop instructional methodology on what constitutes risk with regards to disaster recovery provisioning.  • Assisted in developing application recovery plans.  • Attended and lead weekly status update meetings.  • Presentation of disaster recovery planning and strategy.  Integration PMO - Change Manager:  • Coordinated integration of B2B IT systems between Synthes and Johnson and Johnson.  • Managed the intake of Shared Applications between Synthes and Johnson and Johnson.  • Gathered technical details required to administer change requests, which involved interacting with system administrators, enterprise architects, network engineers, infrastructure directors, and IT managers.  • Adhered to a biweekly change management process.  • Enabled access to systems included but not limited to websites, SAP GUI, printers and print servers, ERP systems, and Kronos.  • Execute emergency change requests for business critical applications.  • Lead troubleshooting meetings and conference calls for all firewall issues.  • Managed the Firewall Request Template spreadsheet and SharePoint site.  • Communicate change controls and windows across entire IT business unit.  • Interact and engage with IT management in NA, EMEA, LATAM, and ASPAC.  • Responsible for creating a presentation of the new PMO to potential business owners. Web Project Manager Capital One - Wilmington, DE May 2013 to October 2013 Jive Platform Community Manager:  • Utilized the Jive software platforms to construct an internal website for the use of Capital One employees in order to promote digital fluency and client interaction.  • The website was designed to share best practices and ideas, facilitate interaction amongst Capital One 360 sales employees, and aggregate digital lifestyle content.  • Scope of the site was later expanded to include all of Capital One based on positive feedback and how the site was received by senior executive team  Software Development Lifecycle:  • Utilized Agile methodology to develop a site that offered an immediate solution and had the ability to be adapted and expanded upon at a later time.  • Design involved three phases and iterations that utilized usability testing and focus groups.  • Educational material and training - Develop web tool that fostered technologically savvy employees to satisfy an emerging market and increasing need from consumers.  Web Project Management  • Responsible for development and execution of a web-based project, including but not limited to planning, delivery, and marketing of a custom website and tool.  • Developed website using custom coding solutions, usability testing, and user experience best practices.  • Managed website from concept to completion, and implemented site with features such as a content slider, community widgets, and user roles. Marketing Director Vanguard - Audubon, PA January 2011 to October 2011 Marketing Planning:  • Develop marketing planning and strategies for current calendar year.  • Manage marketing budget, determine product promotions, and community involvement.  • Plan strategies around various seasonal campaigns.  • Digital and Social Media Strategy - Responsible for design and implementation of digital presence and strategy.  • Prepared comprehensive analysis of digital media strategies including Facebook, email, and text campaigns.  • Used social media to promote events within the store, product launches, and giveaways and contests.    Birmingham Plumbing and Heating - Honey Brook, PA  Project Manager  • Acted as a Project Manager for my father's plumbing and heating company.  • Met with homeowners and business owners to discuss project scope and requirements.  • Assisted in completion of projects from concept to completion.  Bid Proposals:  • Formulated bid proposals and determined pricing structure on projects to increase revenue and turnaround time.  • Interacted with other managers to determine effective strategies at handling multiple job sites. Project Coordinator Vanguard - Malvern, PA September 2010 to January 2011 Requirements Gathering:  • Documentation collection and support.  • Gather requirements on managed retirement accounts.  • Research competitors to determine best practices and strategy.  • Conduct assessment of inventory in terms of educational materials, instructions, articles and tools currently available to clients.  Project Lead:  • Lead project surrounding Managed Accounts - a new investment management service offered by Vanguard.  • Serve as liaison between Information Architects, Develops, Designers, and Managers.  • Attending weekly meetings between business ownership and management for product status updates.  Client Processing:  • Process client requests and perform account maintenance including deposits, beneficiary designation, address changes, and resolving banking / coding errors.  • Role required extensive training at Vanguard University. Education Bachelor of Arts in Business Economics Ursinus College - Collegeville, PA May 2008 Additional Information COMPUTER SKILLS  • MS Project  • MS Office  • Visio    PART TIME EXPERIENCE:  Birmingham Media Group Phoenixville, PA  Apr. 2012 - Present  Founder and Creative Director  • Created multiple websites that focus on community interaction and facilitating discussion through social media, forums, and comment sections.  • Effectively utilize user experience and interface design that I've drawn upon from other professional experience such as my time with Vanguard and Capital One.