IT PROJECT MANAGER <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">PROJECT</span> <span class="hl">MANAGER</span> IT PROJECT MANAGER - TOSHIBA MEMORY AMERICA, INC Redwood City, CA Result driven project management professional offering 6 years of experience in project management with diverse experience in high tech managing large scale, complex, cross functional initiatives involving both application and infrastructure services.  3 years of IT project management working on IT infrastructure projects that includes ground up IT infrastructure build and data center build, upgrade and migration.    Core Expertise    CSM Certified Scrum Master - with 3 years of experience in IT project management understanding all phases of agile project management along with strong experience in Scrum and Kanban.  IT Infrastructure build program - Led projects to build IT infrastructure ground up by establishing new data center, implement new network design, implement data storage solution, implement communication and video conferencing systems, setup and implement data backup solutions.  IT Project Portfolio Management - developed consolidated project roadmap to support company strategies and business planning. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT PROJECT MANAGER TOSHIBA MEMORY AMERICA, INC - San Jose, CA 2018 to Present • Manages IT project portfolio to separate IT infrastructure from former parent company and build new infrastructure from ground up.  • Manages, develops, and implements project(s) of varying complexity and size in assigned functional area.  • Manages 20 simultaneous IT projects such as data center migration, network design and implementation, domain separation that includes migration of Windows Active Directory, Emails and communication migration, Sharepoint migration and establish Client Collaboration Portal.  • Drive Linux based compute clusters migration and upgrade to RHEL 7.4.  • Partners with business stakeholders to ensure a successful project completions within the IT Infrastructure Project Roadmap.  • Identify, assess and solve complex business integration challenges where analysis of situations or data requires an in-depth evaluation of variable factors  • Managed and communicated the progress of the program delivery and ensures timely and effective communications of status in terms of schedule and risk assessments.  • Supported and drive business strategies and priorities within the IT infrastructure program. TECHNICAL PROJECT MANAGER CISCO SYSTEMS, INC - San Jose, CA 2016 to 2018 • Successfully managed $3 million data center projects to migrate physical servers to virtual machine in US, APAC, and EMEA.  • Managed Cisco C220 M4 rack server tech refresh that covers more than 2000 servers across the globe to keep hardware requirement within compliance.  • Successfully managed new data center built in US to handle future customer usage growth.  • Highly experienced leading global cross functional teams in a matrixed organization to meet project objectives.  • Provided guidance to team members to streamline user story progression by removing roadblocks and managing the right expectation.  • Partnered with product owners to review and prioritize backlogs to understand any user stories and features that are being released by product management to be implemented in the sprint.  • Managed changes in scope, identify issues or blocker, and come up with contingency plans.  • Ability to influence up and down the organization for successful project delivery while maintaining professionalism. PROJECT MANAGEMENT CONSULTANT CISCO SYSTEMS, INC - San Jose, CA 2015 to 2016 • Successfully implemented a Centralized Project Intake process that defines how project is requested, reviewed, approved and executed.  • Successfully created and drove the adoption of project management templates using Smartsheet that created uniformity in the way project is being executed and reported.  • Managed project intake process to project portfolio by analyzing the business case, key deliverables, and project interdependencies to ensure alignment with Cloud Services business strategy.  • Partnered with Program Managers and Cloud Services Leaderships to facilitate the identification, prioritization, selection and approval of projects.  • Analyzed impacts to portfolio when new initiatives surface, and work with stakeholders to minimize the impact on existing priorities.  • Developed metrics dashboards used for tracking and reporting out on project metrics to management.  • Developed change management process that covers traceability of changes in scope, timeline, resources and budget to understand impact and dependencies.  • Optimized and develop portfolio management process, tools, and templates to grow Project Portfolio Management maturity and expertise.  • Implemented best practices and set strategic direction for portfolio governance.  • Facilitated portfolio backlog review with Solution Architects to understand the architectural design and technical feasibility of the project request.  • Assist Director of Project Management with annual strategic planning by reporting the overall program and project health within the portfolio.  • Serve as PPM tool expert and provide training to Project Managers, Tech Leads, Scrum Masters and Product Owners. PROJECT COORDINATOR INTERTEK TESTING SERVICES - Menlo Park, CA 2013 to 2014 • Successfully increased project on time delivery rate from 70% - 90%.  • Successfully increased customer satisfaction rate from 50% - 95%.  • Project initiation, scope review with project sponsors and stakeholders to define project scope and deliverables.  • Defined client project requirements and act as client advocate to deliver project that are in scope, in budget and on time.  • Reviewed technical documentations from client to ensure a complete package is received prior to project execution.  • Monitored project executions to ensure all project team members are aware of the deliverables and deadlines.  • Developed, managed and updated project schedules to ensure on time project completion.  • Lead cross-functional project team that includes software and mechanical engineers, productions.  • Managed the identification and resolution of project risks and issues.  • Managed project activities and facilitates all critical project decision-making. TERRITORY SALES MANAGER WEST CONTROL SOLUTIONS - Gurnee, IL 2011 to 2011 Managed 40 channel partners to grow market reach in west coast region including California, Oregon, Washington, Nevada, Montana and Idaho. Education BACHELOR OF SCIENCE in ELECTRICAL AND COMPUTER ENGINEER California Polytechnic State University - Pomona, CA 2001 to 2005 Skills Agile (2 years), Project Management (6 years), Sharepoint (2 years), It Project Management (3 years), Consulting (4 years), Risk Management (3 years), Change Management (3 years), Cross-Functional Team Leadership (5 years) Certifications/Licenses Certified ScrumMaster (CSM) January 2018 to January 2020