Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager - The Book of Lashes San Jose, CA Work Experience Project Manager The Book of Lashes - Fremont, CA June 2017 to Present • Conduct Kick-off meetings with clients to review project scope, schedule, and deadlines.  • Mitigate problems immediately to avoid any or additional delay in the project timeline.  • Communicate with client about project progress and assist in helping with their questions and concerns.  • Develop Change of Scope documents for additional work to the scope after discussion with team and client.  • Record and organize financial records of the project to review contribution margin at the end of the project.  • Manage and bill an average of $150,000 in projects each month as the dedicated Project Manager. Co-Founder The Book of Lashes - San Jose, CA May 2017 to Present • Design and produce own false eyelash brand and are currently retailing online at Amazon.com.  • Review advertisement statistics to make smart decisions of how to market our product more efficiently on Amazon.  • Create awareness of the product through Instagram, Facebook, and local fundraisers. Project Manager Gatelets - Woodside, CA December 2016 to May 2017 • Lead meetings and facilitate the discussion about project requirements, schedule, and timeframe.  • Assign web development tasks (html, css, javascipt, etc) to development team while receiving weekly updates from them.  • Ensure communication workflow is smooth by being the bridge between the development team and the client.  • Hold weekly status update calls with client regarding any concerns, news, and review the timeline.  • Organize project documents and monitor the project management platform so that progress can be easily tracked. Project Manager for the Visualization Tool Project SJSU and the City of San Jose - Environmental Services Department - San Jose, CA August 2016 to December 2016 August 2016 - December 2016  • Communicated with project sponsor on scope, risks, constraints, and deliverables to develop project charter and plans.  • Utilized ArcGIS and Microsoft Power BI to create a visualization tool using raw data collected by park rangers.  • Managed and updated Gantt chart on Microsoft Project to ensure deadlines are met and teammates are accountable.  • Presented to the Santa Clara Water District and Environmental Services Department about the tool's features and how this  system can assist in helping this department make smart business choices.  • Created a User Manual to ensure that the tool is passed on to the dedicated person smoothly. IT Support Specialist Air Systems, Inc - San Jose, CA February 2016 to December 2016 • Configured PC hardware components, phones, and software for office employees.  • Promoted great customer service by listening, understanding, and being patient with their requests.  • Monitored help-desk support requests and worked as a team to delegate work.  • Assisted in maintaining inventory records and documentation for equipment and reporting system issues to vendors.  • Incorporated ideas in creating a ticketing system for better communication between the IT department and employees. Education Bachelor's Degree in Business Administration in Information Systems and Technology San Jose State University Skills Fast Learner (Less than 1 year), Microsoft Office (Less than 1 year), mitigation (Less than 1 year), MS OFFICE (Less than 1 year), Problem Solving (Less than 1 year) Additional Information RELEVANT SKILLS  • Microsoft Office 365 • Agile Methodology • Communication  • Project Gantt Charts • Adaptable/Fast Learner • Planning and Organization  • Problem Solving • Time/Priority management • Positive attitude/Approach  • Risk mitigation • Work flow diagrams • Leadership and Teamwork