IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager San Jose, CA Project Manager with zest for record of delivering cost effective, high performance technology solutions to meet challenging business demands. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager RightWave - San Jose, CA August 2016 to Present • Develop or update project plans for IT projects including information such as project objectives, technologies, systems, Information specifications, schedules, funding, and staffing.   • Prepare project status reports by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing information and trends.   • Overhauled project phase, standards and cost targets to ensure deadlines are met.   • Coordinate with offshore teams to communicate project requirements and progress details and use project management tools like JIRA and Basecamp to track the ETA and deadlines of the tasks related to project.   • Collaborate with internal team to develop and maintain project documents, including timelines, internal processes and deliverables for each client’s program.   • Oversees the development of Email Campaigns in Marketo and Salesforce and assist in all project management cycles, including quantitative and qualitative analysis and to identify risks and issues.   • Oversees performance measures, ROI reporting and forecasting models for Sales and Marketing efforts.   • Manage project execution to ensure adherence to budget, schedule, and scope and Monitor or track project milestones and deliverables. Business Analyst & Project Coordinator National Informatics Centre - New Delhi, Delhi January 2014 to May 2015 • Coordinate and Schedule meetings and communication plans regarding projects.   • Evaluated requirements and initial mock-ups made technology recommendations that supported optimal construction, maintenance and performance.   • Represented data using the visualizations Charts and graphs using Tableau and Excel Pivot table for ranking of various websites in order to improve page rank on the search engine result.   • Improved sales platform through the .NET project that I coordinated and increase user visits by 15%. Business Data Analyst Madhyam Technologies - Faridabad, Haryana October 2012 to November 2013 Orchestrated and oversaw MS SQL Server for Manipulating, cleansing, processing and performing statistical  techniques on data using Excel, Access and SQL.  • Responsible for loading, extracting and validation of client data along with optimization of existing queries.  • Provided support to development team by reviewing the Application Design document  • Review the application structure and database design with development and testing teams.  • Coordinated with different teams to provide testing recommendations for possible business leads by analyzing  raw data Education Masters in Information Systems California State University - Los Angeles, CA Skills Microsoft Office (8 years), Project Management (3 years), Business Analysis (3 years), Data Analysis (2 years), Salesforce (1 year), Marketo (1 year), Excel (5 years), MySQL (3 years), Requirements Gathering (3 years), Presentation Skills (3 years), Team Management (3 years), Agile (3 years), JIRA (2 years), Basecamp (1 year), Sharepoint (2 years), MS-Project (3 years) Additional Information Technical Skills  • Databases: Oracle, SQL, MS Access    • Methodologies: Agile, Waterfall, Hybrid, SDLC  • Tools: Microsoft Office Suite, Microsoft Project, Magento, Marketo, Salesforce.com, SQL Server, Tableau  1  • Language: HTML, CSS, Python, Asp.Net, Apex programming