Transitional Manager / Project Manager / Cut-Over Lead Transitional <span class="hl">Manager</span> / <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> / Cut-Over Lead Transitional Manager / Project Manager / Cut-Over Lead Glenview, IL Work Experience Transitional Manager / Project Manager / Cut-Over Lead Hitachi Consulting - Chicago, IL 2018 to 2019 Spearheaded comprehensive business planning to offer efficient support, quality assurance, and functionality during the Post-Go-Live stage of each project. Oversaw budgeting, technical documentation, and project timelines to ensure timely deliverables. Compiled, researched, and analyzed data from multiple sources and prepared visual presentations to demonstrate progress. Served as a trusted advisor and key contributor for business users and the technical team.  ? Led teams to develop and implement detailed project plans to deliver functional, timely, and high quality next generation applications. Evaluated system functionality to determine efficiency and effectiveness.  ? Played an integral role in creating Relational Diagrams and Entity-Relationship Diagrams for upper management, controlling defect tracking software, and testing fixes provided by the technical team on Dev1 and Dev2 applications prior to approval by business user and moving into production. IT Service Desk / Operations Management / Project Management Intern Deutsche Boerse - Chicago, IL 2016 to 2018 Analyzed stock exchange information in order to provide clients the most up-to-date and accurate data.  ? Assisted tech support in preparing ticket queries and set-up client emails for the Ticket Key Account Managers.  ? Improved efficiency by training new interns with all the software used by the company.  ? Maximized the client experience by responding to calls and providing step-by-step instructions regarding technical problems with stock files.  ? Created and updated SharePoint site which enabled quick access to training documents for all current and new employees.  ? Gained expert knowledge of Germany's business structure by working directly with an international company to continue operation in Chicago. Business Analyst / IT Consultant Intern United Health Group - Schaumburg, IL 2016 to 2017 Consulted with business leaders, Solutions Architect's, Digital Teams, and other internal teams to define requirement and create customized digital business solutions. Oversaw front-end coding and created customized client web pages and landing pages using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript to ensure functionality based on client needs. Served as a project manager on multiple projects to guide project planning and develop timelines and facilitate team meetings.  ? Created and reviewed Business Required Documents to showcase project deadlines and achievable goals.  ? Initiated a massive merge with Catamaran by developing requirements and implementing updates on current integrated Voice Recorder (IVR) system.  ? Created test cases for new phases released in the IVR merge and tested/documented each stream.  ? Created flowcharts with swim lanes for testers to follow a process on each designated route in the IVR system.  ? Conceptualized new project development and project ideas by hosting and attending Agile Training programs. Education Bachelors of Science in Management Information Systems in Management Information Systems DePaul University - Chicago, IL 2018 Skills Css, Sharepoint, Html, Javascript, Visio