IT Security Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> Security Analyst IT Security Analyst - Smart Think Inc Lanham, MD As a complete all-rounder I am seeking an Information System Auditor or Information Assurance position in a growth oriented organization with focus on FISMA, Sarbanes-Oxley 404, system security monitoring and auditing; risk assessments; audit engagements, testing information technology controls, software testing and developing security policies, procedures and guidelines.  KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Security Analyst Smart Think Inc - Washington, DC March 2012 to Present Responsibilities  • Conduct IT controls risk assessments that include reviewing organizational policies, standards, procedures and guidelines.  • Develop security baseline controls and test plans that are used to assess implemented security controls.  • Develop and conduct ST&E (Security Test and Evaluation) according to NIST SP 800-53A  • Conduct security control assessment to assess the adequacy of management, operational privacy, and technical security controls implemented. A Security Assessment Report (SAR) is developed detailing the results of the assessment along with plan of action and milestones (POA&M) to the Designated Approving Authority (DAA) to obtain the Authority to Operate (ATO).  • Assist in the development of an Information Security Continuous Monitoring Strategy to help Smart Think Inc. in maintaining an ongoing awareness of information security (Ensure effectiveness of all security controls), vulnerabilities, and threats to support organizational risk management decisions.  • Assist in the development of Privacy Threshold Analysis (PTA), and Privacy Impact Analysis (PIA) by working closely with the Information System Security Officer (ISSO), the System Owner, the Information Owners and the Privacy Act Officer  • Develop an E-Authentication report to provide technical guidance in the implementation of electronic authentication (e-authentication)  • Develop system security plan (SSP) to provide an overview of federal information system security requirements and describe the controls in place.  • Conduct a Business Impact Analyst (BIA) to identify high risk area where audit effort will be allocated to.  • Perform Certification and Accreditation documents in compliance with FISMA/NIST and SOX 404 standards.  • Conduct meetings with the IT client team to gather evidence, develop test plans, testing procedures and document test results and exceptions.  • Conduct walkthroughs, formulate test plans, document gaps, test results, and exceptions; and develop remediation plans for each area of testing.  • Perform IT operating effectiveness tests in the areas of security, operations, change management, and email authentication.  • Develop the audit plan and perform the General Computer Controls testing Identified gaps, develop remediation plans, and presented final results to the IT Management team.  • Initiate and lead information security awareness and training programs. Project Manager (Enrollment Management Project) Bowie State University - Bowie, MD September 2014 to December 2014 Bowie State University, Bowie MD  Responsibilities  • Served as the face and name of the project and the main point of contact for stakeholders  • Conducted project status meetings as well as meetings with all stakeholders  • Created, updated, modified spreadsheets used to track progress and assisted in preparation of reports  • Managed project timelines and budgets and set objectives for project team  • Proactively led, coached, and motivated project team members  • Provided post-implementation customer support to stakeholders  • Managed risks and mitigated their impact on projects  • Created project agendas  • Interfaced directly with clients to determine their wants and needs  • Communicated to senior managers the status of specific projects Intern ISSI - Greenbelt, MD June 2014 to August 2014 International Software Systems Inc. - Greenbelt MD  Responsibilities  • Developed a user requirements document for Resource Scheduler Software developed in Cold fusion  • Analyzed functional requirements document and incorporated three new requirement modules into the document  • Tested functionalities for Resource Scheduler software developed in Java Education Master of Science in Management Information Systems Bowie State University 2013 to 2015 Bachelor of Arts in Information Studies and French University of Ghana 2005 to 2009 Skills IT Skills • Ability to perform certification and accreditation security documentation in accordance with company, industry and national standards • Ability to perform management technical and operational security control assessment and review • Ability to conduct Security Test and Evaluations (ST&Es) following NIST SP 800-53A guidelines • In depth knowledge of COSO, CO BIT, 150 & IET, SAS N: 70 SSAE 16 and HIPAA frameworks. • Ability to generate residual risk reports in order to update the PAO&M • Superb analytical skills • Strong inter-personal skills • Effective verbal and written communication skills • Ability to effectively work in multi-cultural and diverse work environments Project Management Skills • Knowledge of IT systems and the latest office technology • Managing multiple projects simultaneously • Proficient in all Microsoft Office products • Able to collaborate with peers and clients alike • Dealing tactfully with sensitive issues • Ability to effectively delegate tasks • Superb planning, analysis, and estimation skills • First rate technical writing skills Other Expertise Business analysis Software testing and quality assurance Information system analysis methodologies Project Management methodologies Research methods Additional Information I am a motivated self-starter who is task oriented, willing to learn, highly organized and possess inherent abilities to perform as a team member or team leader. My good analytical and interpersonal skills as well as oral and written communication sets me apart from others. I possess the ability to work independently and think outside the box whenever creativity is allowed. A quick learner who is able to multi-task and very efficient with little or no supervision.     Societies  The National Society of Leadership and Society - Presidential Member