Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager Syracuse, NY • Around 4 years of total IT & project experience in various roles such as SAP Project  Manager, Business Analyst and Programmer.  • +3 years of experience on SAP ERP.  • Experience in SAP full life cycle implementation, support, Upgrade & rollout projects.  • Strong functional & technical knowledge on many SAP modules such as SAP MM, WM,  PM, SD, FI, QM, MII, ESS/MSS, DMS & BI/BW.  • Worked on SAP S/4 HANA and Fiori implementation.  • Experience in Data migration from Legacy systems to SAP.  • Conduct project planning activities and manage the execution of projects according to plan  through the project life cycle from Initiating to Close.  • Manage relationship with stakeholders, internal and external, keeping stakeholders  informed of progress and issues manage expectations and stakeholder's satisfaction on all  project requirements to success story.  • Build team & communicate a clear vision of the project's objectives, and motivate the  project team to achieve them; create a project environment that enables peak performance  by team members.  • Ensure proper use of methodology, tools, procedures and governance to best meet project  objectives  • Reviews deliverables, status and work-progress prepared by team & stakeholders  • Responsible to update project status to steering committee/Management/sponsor.  • Providing training to managers, End users and business application users.    EDUCATIONCATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS & Certifications    • Bachelors' degree of computer science, King Saud University, Saudi Arabia.  • Project Management Professional (PMP), Project Management Institute. Work Experience Project Manager Farabi Petrochemicals January 2018 to February 2018 • Prepare the project charter and Planning and Defining Scope  • Working on Resource Planning, Developing Schedules, Time Estimating, Cost Estimating  • Working on Risk Analysis, Managing Risks and Issues  • Working on Monitoring and Reporting Progress, Team Leadership  • Worked as business analyst to build system based on client requirement  • Weekly review meeting and steering committee meetings.  • Managing and leading the project team.  • Recruiting project staff and consultants.  • Developing and maintaining a detailed project plan.  • Managing project deliverables in line with the project plan.  • Recording and managing project issues and escalating where necessary.  • Monitoring project progress and performance.    2  • Providing status reports to the project sponsor.  • Final approval of the design specification.  • Working closely with users to ensure the project meets business needs.  • Definition and management of the User Acceptance Testing program.  • Identifying user training needs and devising and managing user training program.  • Providing regular status reports to the higher management/ Board. SAP Project Manager Farabi Petrochemicals May 2017 to January 2018 SAP Version: SAP S/4 Hana 16.10 (The latest)  Partner: Wipro Technologies  Duration: May 17 to January 18    • Working on project scope, change control, Budget, Schedules, Time and cost estimating,  • Managing project deliverables in line with the project plan.  • Working on project management processes including planning, risk management, time  management, financial management, HR management, quality management, monitoring and reporting & progress reporting.  • Managing Unit Testing & User Acceptance Test.  • Plan Cutover strategy from legacy to SAP system.  • Managing & customizing business needs such as Forms, report, Interface, Enhancement & conversation.  • Team Leadership and risk analysis.  • Partner in the formulation of business unit strategic planning, operational policies, practices,  decisions, systems, and priorities.  • Represent the business unit for institutional changes or impacts to the unit, i.e. technology,  HR/Payroll, contract, regulations or policies/procedures, etc.  • Managing project evaluation, dissemination activities and monitoring project progress,  performance  • Managing co-ordination of the partners and working groups engaged in project work.  • Managing Quality Assurance third party to assure business blueprint and configuration.    Project 2 SAP ABAPer "Programmer" in Business Systems Almarai Company December 2011 to March 2014 Currently working in Farabi Petrochemicals Company, Aljubail,  As SAP Project Manager.    DETAILS OF WORK EXPERIENCE  Project 1:  End-to-end SAP implementation & Data Migration projects IT support in IT department The Saudi Investment Bank July 2010 to October 2010 Education Masters in Project Management Marymount University May 2016 to August 2016 Masters in Business Analytics Marymount University May 2016 to August 2016 Masters in Skill & Business Ethics California State University January 2016 to March 2016 Masters in Business Process California State University - Los Angeles, CA September 2015 to December 2015 Additional Information • Strong written and verbal communication skills in both Arabic and English languages.  • IELTS overall band score 6 (2015)  • Excellent presentation and negotiation skills.  • Speaking in public, to groups, or via electronic media.  • Strong background in programming Languages such JAVA, C and Abap.    Courses:    • Pre-Academic English Language Program at California State University, Los Angeles.  • From April 2014 to March 2015