Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Significant experience in the IT field, over eight years. Enabling effectiveness and efficiency in delivery and support of IT services, supporting windows environment, windows server, as well providing excellent customer service through ticketing systems. Troubleshooting OS Windows, iOS, Android and essentials software as MS office, Printer management, VPN, Adobe suite and more. Hands?on software and hardware troubleshooting experience and providing remote user support with LogMeIn, TeamViewer or a similar. Katy, TX Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager Nexlar Security - Houston, TX January 2019 to Present • Responsible for keeping the project on time, organized, and on budget.  • Motivating the team and ensuring the team has what they need to be successful.  • Developing schedule.  • Activity planning and sequencing.  • Monitoring.  • Closing the project.    REFERENCES AVAILABLE ON REQUEST  • IT Support Specialist ll - JJ Tecnologia    February 2016 - November 2018 (2 years 10 months) Rio de Janeiro, Brazil  • Responsible for handling the most difficult or advanced problems and various other headings denoting  expert level troubleshooting and analysis methods and provides assistance for clients in person, via  telephone or electronically.  • Installing, testing, Maintaining and troubleshooting Desktop and server OS and DB software's.  • Respond to all ticketed internal IT and customer requests, escalating when required.  • process improvement.  • Undertake additional miscellaneous duties from time to time as required by management.  • Ensure accurate records exist to enable the control of the user hardware and software issued assets.  • Implementation and management of quality IT services that meet the needs of the company clients.  • Help create procedure process, technical documentation and manuals  • IT service management.  • Providing IT service through an appropriate mix of people, process and information technology.  • Collaborate on solutions with other team members and customers.  • Configuring and maintaining WAN VPN's to business customers.  • Help junior desktop and helpdesk team members with support topics. IT Support Specialist JJ Tecnologia - Rio de Janeiro, BR January 2014 to January 2016 Area, Brazil  • Investigating elevated issues by confirming the validity of the problem and seeking for known solutions  related to these more complex issues by phone, e-mail, chat or remote desktop connections.  • Prioritize the troubleshooting process and properly manage business customer time.  • Responding for company data security of the business customers.  • Assist in the distribution process of user upgrades to hardware and software.  • Undertake the installation and configuration of the software and operating system set-up for new and re- issued user computing devices including server PCs.  • Responsible for being in standby after in-house work.  • Installing, configuring, testing and maintaining new PCs, routers, switches and others IT products sold by the enterprise for the business customers. IT Help Desk JJ Tecnologia - Rio de Janeiro, BR December 2011 to January 2014 Brazil  • Providing basic costumer service by phone, analyzing symptoms, identifying and solving system issues using  remote access tools.  • Troubleshooting methods such as corporate and residential customer services, verifying and solving  hardware, software and network issues in person or by phone.  • Communicating with the supervisors on daily issues.  • Answering tech-related questions, train users on how to use equipment and applications.  • Helping to maintain the productivity of computer users and improve customer satisfaction.  • Assist in the distribution process of customer's upgrades to hardware and software.  • Direct unresolved issues to the next level of support personnel.    REFERENCES AVAILABLE ON REQUEST  • Computer Technician - Casarão Produções Multimidia    February 2010 - June 2011 (1 year 4 months) Teresópolis, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil    • Testing, configuring and troubleshooting computers network, routers and switches.  • Installing, maintaining and troubleshooting software onto computers.  • Performing repairs on computers hardware and peripherals.  • Providing help in case of a malware attack or other issue that disable or slows the company work.    REFERENCES AVAILABLE ON REQUEST Education Technical Education High School