IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager - Finra Rockville, MD ? Experience helping clients drive enterprise value by rationalizing project portfolios and resource capacity/demand, defining IT Strategies, and transforming program delivery through project execution that is results-driven, risk intelligent, and consistent; standing up PMOs to manage global initiatives;  ? Agile experience includes knowledge of user stories, backlogs, and release management.  ? Expert and highly familiar with a wide variety of engineering, development, project management, release management, change management, business analyst, operating system software, testing.  ? Very well versed with Waterfall, Hybrid and Agile Methodologies like Scrum. Knowledge of adopting the methodologies specific to Projects and Organization environment.  ? Expertise in Cost Benefit Analysis, Project Estimating, Communications Management, Stakeholder Management, Risk Management, and Change Control Management.   ? Strong understanding of Scrum, Kanban, SAFe methodologies and other project life cycles.  ? Proficient in analyzing and translating business requirements to technical requirements and architecture and preparing technical documents.  ? Worked using PMBOK and Scrum frameworks, maintaining project documents, and ensuring communications to team and stakeholders/management. Analyzing and reporting project performance on a regular basis.  ? Highly skilled in strategic and tactical project planning, budgeting, building cross functional teams and successfully delivering projects with tight deadlines  ? Proficient in gathering and converting User Requirements into Business Requirement Documents (BRD) and Functional Requirement Specifications (FRS) and use Modeling tools like Rational Rose, Balsamiq and Microsoft Visio for requirements modeling.  ? Work closely with the product owner for Sprint planning reviews and Backlog refinements.  ? Excellent in designing business models using UML diagrams such as use case diagrams, class diagrams, activity diagrams, sequence diagrams and collaboration diagrams using Rational Rose and MS Visio.  ? Experienced in Project Planning and Project Management tools like MS- Project, JIRA and Agile Central for status planning and reporting  ? Extensively used Rally for maintaining User Stories Hierarchy, Backlog Grooming, Updating Tasks, Connecting Rally with JIRA and Quality Centre, Planning Iterations and Releases  ? Expertise in Story mapping practices and illustration of the vision of the project   ? Expertise in Sprint planning sessions with scrum team and product owners   ? Experience in conducting Joint Application Development (JAD) sessions and White Board Sessions with end-users, Subject Matter Expert (SMEs) team, Architects and design group development and QA team for project meetings Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager Finra - Rockville, MD March 2018 to Present Rockville, MD Mar 2018 - present  The scope for the project was to assess the current market risk for retirement investment. Helped gather required documentations and data to evaluate the current market financial situation. The analysis was to help increase the investment retune and minimize any future risks.  IT Project Manager  Responsibilities  ? Responsible for project planning, schedule development, scope management and cost management.  ? Developed and maintained project charter, project plan, project scope documents, risk management plan, migration plan etc. Implemented waterfall, agile methodology.  ? Actively manage the project portfolio (resource capacity and IT budget) and provide regular management status reporting to the senior management  ? Develop and track performance metrics; schedule risk and financial performance of assigned portfolio of programs/ projects  ? Develop opportunities to make efficiencies or improvements and recommend to the PMO leadership team  ? Planned and conducted requirements elicitation meetings with the business to collect functional and non-functional requirements relating to client's Salesforce technology enhancement and initiatives.  ? Conducted brainstorming sessions with the development team to actively involve them during the requirements stage level analysis.  ? Worked towards preparation of requirements management plan, business and functional requirement documents.  ? Created data flow diagrams and process flow diagrams to facilitate better system understanding.  ? Assisted in designing and creation of training material and conducted internal training sessions for business users on Salesforce technology functionalities.  ? Created new custom objects, assigned fields, designed page layouts, custom tabs and components.  ? Outlined the organization hierarchy and created profiles, roles accordingly in Salesforce; worked on visibility and security settings around them as required by the business.  ? Designed different custom dashboards for various user groups based on their business functionalities and needs.  ? Created and deployed several reports for different user profiles based on the need in the organization.  ? Elaborating user stories along with the Product Owner, Tech lead and Architect for sprint planning  ? Reporting sprint progress, what the team has planned for the week and major blockers in Scrum of Scrum (SoS), PO Sync calls  ? Facilitating Scrum Daily Standup, Product Backlog, Backlog Grooming, Sprint Planning, Demo and Retrospective agile ceremonies IT Project Manager MB Financial Bank - Chicago, IL January 2017 to February 2018 Environment: Agile, Project Management, Risk Management, VersionOne, Rally, Confluence, Rational Rose, SharePoint, COBOL, SQL queries, SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), Tableau, UAT, JIRA  MB Financial Bank - Chicago, IL Jan 2017 - Feb 2018  The project was a web-based application involving the automation of Mortgage loan origination process beginning from origination/opening a mortgage application through funding/closing. The system performed all the business functions of the loan process such as set-up Account information, New Loan set-up, the Appraisal, credit, and income. The project involved modules for Pre-Approval, Application, Underwriting, Pricing, Processing, and Closing.  IT Project Manager  Responsibilities  ? Provided project management support for multiple data centric, government mandated, and customer-oriented projects.  ? Managed AGILE project teams - coordinated stakeholder engagement, facilitated advance requirements elicitation, and assisted multiple deployments with various Lines of Business (LOBs).  ? Led Agile Release Train (ART) ceremonies for all Program Increments (PIs) including the Scrum of Scrums, Program Grooming, Program Increment (PI) Planning, and Inspect and Adapt sessions.  ? Worked with IT PMO on project scope definition, documentation of risk and assumptions, resource planning, scheduling, and tracking deliverables for Enterprise Agile implementation.  ? Worked with project sponsors and stakeholders to understand prioritization of features and target delivery milestones - collaborated with external interdependent teams to reach milestones using critical path methodology.  ? Assessed the current state of adoption for the Clarity PPM application and made recommendations for increasing it and enhancing the functional capabilities  ? Determined the future state by identifying and sequencing initiatives to be undertaken by the PMO to enhance its service offerings  ? Developed a roadmap for implementing the recommendations and achieving the future state  ? Led an initiative within the firm to develop intellectual property encompassing PPM processes for managing; project portfolios, demand, programs/ projects, and benefits/results  ? Proactively identified issues with potential to jeopardize performance and/or ability to meet agreed upon deliverables - undertook appropriate change management measures with clients to reassess, renegotiate and amend scope of work.  ? Kept track of resource (personnel) reallocation, requirements, future scope of work for scrum teams and maintained forecast spreadsheets for the same.  ? Demonstrated adaptability in exercising judgment in a changing environment, negotiated between competing priorities - instituted necessary workflow and mobilized appropriate resources to meet tight deadlines.  ? Maintained communication protocols and channels across functional scrum teams and stakeholders to define commitments, and tracks progress towards key milestones.  ? Created Systems Impact Analysis documents, Change Management matrices and maintain the RACI matrix, risk and issue logs, communication schedules and BSA pipeline.  ? Used Business Intelligence tools and SQL database queries to analyze data and assist with business strategy assessments and implementation. Business Analyst Al Gardens Hospital - Amman, JO February 2014 to November 2015 Environment: Agile methodology, Project Management, Tableau, MS Visio, MS SharePoint, Rational Requisite Pro, SQL Server, UAT, HP ALM / QC.  Al Gardens Hospital - Amman, Jordan Feb 2014 - Nov 2015  Business Analyst  Responsibilities  ? Involved in gathering Business, Functional and Non-Functional requirement including Business Rules  ? Conducted Brainstorming sessions to allow different stakeholders to communicate their perspectives with each other, resolve any issues and come to an agreement quickly  ? Involved in gathering and synthesizing business requirements and translated into functional and non-functional requirements to be used as input to the functional design specifications.  ? Conducted group sessions to gather and document the functional and non-functional requirements with the SMEs and business units.  ? Used VersionOne to manage Epics and User Stories for Refactoring.  ? Tracked user stories, defects, tests and impediments for various projects using VersionOne  ? Plan, schedule and coordinate various activities like project estimation, progress tracking, project workflow and task management across multiple projects using VersionOne  ? Extensively used Rational Requisite Pro for reviewing and analyzing the user requirements.  ? Used MS-Visio BPMN for developing AS-IS and TO-BE business process flow.  ? Worked as a liaison between stakeholders and technology team to interpret business needs  ? Extensively worked on Creating User requirement Specifications (URS), Functional Requirement Specifications (FRS), and Business Process Documents and also developed System Requirements.  ? Designed business transactions and procedures and documented the requirement enhancements using a Requirement Traceability Matrix in Rational requisite Pro through test cases.  ? Prepared Use Cases, Use Case Scenarios and elaborated those using UML diagrams like Use Case Diagrams, Activity Diagrams, Data Flow Diagrams, Business Process and Data Process Model using MS Visio  ? Monitored and assisted in designing and development of Use Cases, Activity Diagrams, Sequence Diagrams, OOD using UML.  ? Scheduled walkthrough meeting with technical and business team in order to verify all the business needs are fulfilled  ? Created trace matrix to synthesize activities and shorten project completion time.  ? Data cleansing, data migration, and data mapping were used to and validation of database structure in the OLAP.  ? Created Data Structure and data mapping to increase efficiency of data usage for transactional and analytical processes  ? Created and managed the project team's SharePoint site; uploading all project information, schedules, data requests, assignments, tasks, and project meeting notes in order to keep VPs and Operations team aligned with project timelines.  ? Developed complex active reports and dashboards with various data visualizations using Tableau desktop on customer data.  ? Strong analysis skills to understand the existing report specifications and translate those into new reports created with Tableau.  ? Designed the reports with user level security with best practices and different visualizations, built complex calculations using advanced functions.  ? Implemented the features of Tableau such as Data blending, Data extracts, Forecasting, Dashboard actions, calculations, views/dashboards, and statistical data analysis for end users.  ? Used calculations, variables, breaks, sorting, filters, alerts and prompts while developing and creating reports.  ? Generated reports using linked reports, sub reports and filters in SQL server reporting  ? Identified software bugs during software execution and reporting to software development team by using bug life cycle tools like JIRA.  Environment: VersionOne, Rational Requisite Pro, BPMN, Tableau, MS Visio, MS SharePoint, MS Project, Quality Center, SQL, JIRA Education Business Process State Chart Diagrams Master's in Business Administration