IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager - Uber Inc Daly City, CA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager Uber Inc - San Francisco, CA January 2018 to Present •Programming Languages: Java, •Create and manage the plan for moving technical solutions to final client hand-off.  • Assemble and coordinate the internal and external teams to gain consensus on JavaScript, Python. (6 years)  deliverables from each team.  •Database - JDBC, SQL. (5 years) • Collaboratively adapt existing and develop new project plans, processes and  •Planning and executing user communication standards for the operations teams.  trials.(2 years) • Report and escalate issues and bugs by allocating the resources.  • Assist with the development of reports, and the loading and configuration of  •Task Management (2 years)  demonstration data and systems.  • Project Management- JIRA, • Proactively manage changes in project scope, identify potential crises and devise  Share Point, MS- Project contingency plans.  (2 years) • Own the communication and execution of solution hand-over to client services, service  •Operations Matrices. (2 years) delivery, technology and other team members at designated milestones.  • Develop and deliver progress reports, requirements documentation and presentations.  •SCRUM Master. (2 years) • Test code, review, and recommend changes to technology stakeholders  • Other duties as assigned Engineering Project Manager Zikher Inc - San Francisco, CA January 2017 to January 2018 Accomplishments: •Design, implement, test and launch technical solutions by handling multiple development  teams globally.    •Managed global teams by driving the program schedule, technical roadmaps, workloads  by defining the deliverables.  •SCRUM Master Certified  •Understand internal products, internal tools and processes and leverage those to push  Authorized certification ID:  82538891077972. automation and increase work efficiency by using best practices of SDLC.  • Collected all the business requirement from key stakeholders and convert them to    technical requirements and managed it by prioritizing them.  •Analyze work processes to determine inefficiencies and opportunities for automation.  •Contributed to the development •Overall plan, management, and execution of the entire User Acceptance Testing (UAT)  of Windows 8 Application in flow, including: UAT test strategy, UAT test plan, UAT test scenarios and test  Windows AppFest 2012 (18 hours cases, Recruitment of UAT testers, UAT test status reports, and other feedback as nonstop coding marathon) provided from UAT.  conducted by Microsoft India for •Integration of UAT feedback into the agile sprint process, including within use of current  achieving Guinness World Record. tools (Jira, Confluence, Slack, etc.)  •Maintains program library organization and selected internal tracking tools which may be  required.  •Published in the International  Journal for Scientific Research & Technology Used: MS- Project, Jira, Share Point, Zen desk, React.js, Node.js, Git, etc.  Development, A Routing-Driven Project Coordinator (Part-Time) Golden Gate University - San Francisco, CA January 2016 to January 2017 English •Perform a variety of tasks using a document management system with an Marathi understanding of KMS, Database management and scripts to automate reporting.  Hindi •Maintaining project management procedures for project planning, monitoring and control, project schedules & milestone reporting  •Worked effectively with MS Excel Capable user of Word, Project, PowerPoint, Project Management Intern Zikher Inc - San Francisco, CA August 2016 to December 2016 Elliptic Curve Cryptography Based  • Help to manage the development lifecycle from beginning to end in an Agile environment.  Key Management Scheme for Heterogeneous Sensor Network. • Update the team dashboard with summary metrics for each sprint.  •Cultivate and maintain open communication and constructive collaboration between key  stakeholders from the Engineering Management, Product Development, Operations and  •Published in the International Customer Support.  Journal for Scientific Research & •Managed the weekly cycle for timely submission of project / work stream status  Development, Information reporting, ensure consistency and compile program level report package  Retrieval from a Large Database •Work with multiple integrated backend systems required for Financial application to Using Query Co - Processing on a operate.  Graphics Processing Unit.  Technology Used: MS - Project, Power Point, Jira, Asana, Zen desk etc. Education Masters in Information in Technology Management Golden Gate University - San Francisco, CA August 2015 to January 2017 Bachelor's of Engineering in Technology Used Mumbai University - Mumbai, Maharashtra January 2013 to December 2014 Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/tusharprabodhankar Certifications/Licenses Scrum Master September 2017 to Present