Security Project Manager Security <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Security Project Manager - BT Americas Dallas, TX • Strong competencies in IT infrastructure program/ project management, security networking and com-  pliance, SDLC (Agile and Waterfall), software development and testing, and configuration manage-  ment.  • Proven track record in project planning and coordination of large complex projects.  • Proven ability to adapt to shifting priorities  • Excellent communication, organization and interpersonal skills  • Excellent ability to lead and work with diverse global cross-functional and multi-cultural teams of various  levels of management.  • Proven ability to deliver and maintain the integrity of deliverables while adapting to shifting priorities and  juggling multiple assignments within a fast-paced multi-team environment.  • Driven by new challenges and passion to be successful with demonstrated ability to learn quickly and  adapt to change. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Security Project Manager BT Americas - Dallas, TX July 2016 to Present Manage and deliver global end to end network security solutions of medium to high complexity from initiation to production implementation for managed service networks spanning pharmaceutical and  manufacturing customers.  • Regularly review and plan security remediation of vulnerabilities and cyber threats.  • Ensure implementations and solutions are done according to security compliance and regulations.  • Translate customer requirements to executable tasks and project plan. Assess risks and issues and establish mitigation strategy  • Point of escalation for customer and security team. Manage customer escalations and ensure resolu- tion provided within SLA requirements.  • Implemented project governance and change management initiatives according to industry standards  and best practices. Immensely improved customer delivery and experience. Created security dash- board and publish weekly to stakeholders.  • Manage team resourcing allocations and forecasting.  • Mentor other project managers, providing work direction and coaching. Program Manager Sabre Inc - Southlake, TX November 2015 to July 2016 Principal IT Project Manager August 2013 to November 2015 • Planned and implemented eCommerce IT Projects with rapid time to market delivery in accordance to schedule, budget and aligning technology solutions with business goals and customer needs.  • Lead a global team of project managers dispersed in Poland and India  • Managed team priorities and provide appropriate feedback and guidance  • Monitor and track project metrics and communicate status to stakeholders.  • Adapted and managed change effectively in a rapidly evolving global business environment.  • Collaborate with global internal cross functional projects, identifying and managing dependencies.  • Lead project daily stand-ups. Assess project issues and develop strategies to achieve project goals to increasingly reduced delivery commitments.  • Mitigated risk by identifying, escalating and resolving issues across multiple delivery groups and/or projects.  • Communicate project issues and risks to stakeholders and executives.  • Developed and maintain product roadmap, plans and approved budget.  • Managed change control to project and negotiate trade-offs. PROJECT MANAGER (Contractor) Blue Cross Blue Shields - Richardson, TX July 2012 to July 2013 Planned and implemented the Affordable Care Act program end to end testing activities within the IT  Organization. Develop processes and procedures for end-to-end testing activities across both IT and Skills change management (10+ years), Data Analytics (3 years), eCommerce (3 years), Forecasting. (3 years), Security (1 year) Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/tabbharris Certifications/Licenses PMP Additional Information • Key Strengths: Proficient in eCommerce IT and security network projects with short time to market  commitments, Scrum Master, Project Planning, Forecasting, Data Analytics, Process Development,  Change Management, Problem Resolution & Consensus Building, Quality Assurance, Multi-platform  Software Releases, IT Networking infrastructure and security compliance, and Vendor Relationship  Management