IT Business Analyst, Scrum Master (Consultant) <span class="hl">IT</span> Business Analyst, Scrum Master (Consultant) IT Business Analyst, Scrum Master (Consultant) A highly effective Sr. Business Analyst, Certified Agile Scrum Professional, with proven expertise in developing powerful next-generation IT solutions, and extensive partner relationships, to help clients transform digitally and seize opportunities. Verified ability to drive and motivate multi-functional, multi-cultural global teams to complete complex tasks in Agile and Waterfall Methodologies.    A broad background in Business Analysis includes:    Project Management Technical / Analytical Reports Technical Consulting  Stakeholder Relations Business Plan Development Requirements Gathering  Project Documentation Joint Application Development Agile, Waterfall, Bimodal IT  Use Case Analysis Business Analysis Vendor Relations  User Acceptance Testing Document Management Process Improvement  Strategic Planning SDLC Methodology Change Management Work Experience IT Business Analyst, Scrum Master (Consultant) Cuna Mutual Retirement Services - Madison, WI October 2018 to March 2019 Lead Business Analyst utilizing SCRUM principles to support full software development lifecycle and implementation of OMNI and Salesforce.  • Served as a liaison between business stakeholders and the Agile Delivery Team to ensure requirements, specifications, and acceptance criteria for software solutions were being met.  • Conducted interviews with key business users to collect information on business processes and user requirements.  • Translated high-level business requirements into easy to understand functional requirements.  • Tracked and effectively communicated team velocity and sprint/release progress to management teams and key stakeholders.  • Facilitated Daily Scrum Meetings and Weekly Review meetings.  • Conducted sprint retrospective and followed up on action items to ensure continuous improvement.  • Worked with Project Manager to understand the vision of the product, while prioritizing, developing software release planning, and managing product backlogs.  • Developed and reviewed Use Cases, Test Cases, and Test Scenarios to ensure precise end-to-end testing.  • Supported Agile improvements of the Salesforce platform including Salesforce Service Cloud, Sales Cloud, App Partners, and Lightning.  • Removed impediments and protected team members from interruptions and distractions to maximize productivity and meet project deadlines. IT Business Analyst (Consultant) WPS Health Solutions - Madison, WI May 2018 to September 2018 Lead Business Analyst utilizing Agile methodology to support Data Migration project between ERP Systems, Cognos and Microsoft SRSS.  Business Analysis • Developed crucial functional requirement specifications, creating detailed use cases and process flow diagrams to support functional specifications.  • Conducted meticulous GAP analysis while successfully reengineering key business processes to increase operational efficiency and alignment of business unit objectives.  • Coached team members on Agile processes and facilitated planning meetings and retrospectives. Maintained task board and produced daily burndown charts.  • Successfully reduced redundant reports 95% by leveraging Power BI and other reporting tools.  • Utilized Power BI to track and chart project progress and presented these reports in weekly executive meetings. IT Business Systems Analyst Wisconsin Economic Development Corp - Madison, WI July 2017 to October 2017 Business Systems Analyst supporting the Wisconsin Economic Development Corp (WEDC) to successfully deploy, manage, and perform maintenance on all company technical solutions.  Business Analysis • Worked with IT and business groups to define data requirements, business processes, report formats, application requirements, and report distribution approach.  • Reduced WEDC wireless expenditures by 30%.  • Demonstrated ability to exercise independent judgment in analyzing business challenges and making key business IT solution recommendations.  • Managed vendor partnerships and software specification contracts.  • Performed network systems support and troubleshooting.  • Managed imaging, packaging, mobile device management, and software solution deployments. Project Manager Rockford Public School District - Rockford, IL April 2013 to January 2016 for Rockford Public School District. Responsible for leading and developing data models to support the School District's Program/ Project Initiatives and Behavioral Data strategic plan.  Project Management • Developed metrics analysis to assist Executive Director of Compliance, and Vice-Superintendent of education analyze qualitative and quantitative data to reduce expenditures and elevate standardized test scores.  • Developed scope of work and executed project work plans while maintaining strategic alignment and proper prioritization.  • Ensured project was delivered within approved budget and schedule while meeting quality standards.  • Shaped strategic agenda of district wide projects by identifying KPIs, making recommendations and implementing data driven strategies.  • Designed and implemented real-time statistical/ predictive behavioral data tracking system with MS office suite and presentation software  Business Analysis • Created requirement traceability matrix, workflows diagrams, relationship maps, use cases, context diagrams, and test plans.  • Coordinated with Developers, DBAs, and Systems Analysts utilizing agile methodology for project tasks and completions.  • Conducted requirements gathering sessions, documents use cases, presents wireframes, and other BA methods and deliverables.  • Presented information to large groups of executives, administrators, and project stakeholders.  • Perform user acceptance testing (UAT), system integration testing (SIT). Education Master of Science in Information Systems Business Intelligence DePaul University - Chicago, IL Bachelor of Arts in Social Science DePaul University - Chicago, IL Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS    MS Office Professional • Microsoft Azure • MS SharePoint • MS Visio • Microsoft Dynamics • SalesForce  SQL Server Management Studio • SAS • Oracle • Power BI / Power Query • TFS/DevOps •Jira  Linux• Citrix • SPSS• Legacy Systems• Visual Studio •Secure Shell •Slack• Python