Implementation Project Coordinator Implementation <span class="hl">Project</span> Coordinator Implementation Project Coordinator - Randstad at Fiserv Lincoln Park, NJ Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Implementation Project Coordinator Randstad at Fiserv - Parsippany, NJ January 2018 to Present • Successful completion of the Data Center Optimization project. Support of 85 external ATM clients  • Initiate with Fiserv clients, third party providers and other Fiserv Business Units to facilitate implementations.  • Provide product support for Fiserv clients via telephone, email, and other Fiserv contacts  • Manage multiple implementation tasks with other internal groups to ensure project completion in accordance with client requirements to meet the internal SLA timelines.  • Forecast implementation requirements and deliverables based on client needs and project scope  • Develop and maintain professional client relationships with external clients and stakeholders. Clinical Trial Project Coordinator Belcan at Bayer Pharmaceuticals - Whippany, NJ February 2017 to October 2017 • Gather proper documentation of project deliverables: meeting minutes, presentations, and maintain SharePoint and distribution of information to identified stakeholders  • Maintain progress of the Project Plan utilizing MS Project 2010.  • Provide risk assessment, issue tracking/logs to management. Weekly meetings to address risks.  • Organize meeting minutes and distribution to all stakeholders internal and external.  • Compile status reports and preparation to maintain/update action tracker.  • Gather documentation and work with Program Managers to build and develop a delivery plan for all the work streams.  • Status Report collection and preparation through MS Office 365 dashboards. Senior IT Project Manager Insight Global at RWJBarnabas Hospital - West Orange, NJ October 2016 to December 2016 Project Coordinator for hospital refresh/leased laptop equipment with external vendors.  • Maintain MS project plan in the scheduling of all IT Technician resources and prepare for daily assignments.  • Prepares and runs weekly status calls; maintains meeting minutes and provides updates to Project Managers.  • Identify project issues/problems and work with project team to resolve or escalate issues to avoid delays.  • •Work with resource management on resource planning, availability and allocation according to projects pipeline.  • Working with IT professional resources to develop and document processes and procedures.  • Produce project schedules and dependencies in (Microsoft Project 2013). Implementation Project Specialist Randstad at Fiserv - Parsippany, NJ October 2015 to June 2016 • Performed successful completion of the AT&T MPLS project supporting 75 external Fiserv clients.  • Providing continuous project feedback and status updates to key stakeholders.  • Review with client to determine parameter settings and key changes into proprietary databases.  • Manage multiple implementation tasks with other internal groups to ensure project completion in accordance with client requirements to meet the internal SLA timelines.  • Develop and maintain professional client relationships with external clients and stakeholders. Senior IT Project Manager STG Technology at Hackensack Medical Center - Hackensack, NJ March 2015 to June 2015 • Successful deployment of 750 Windows users to windows 7 OS.  • Trained and managed 10 deployment technicians in the new installation of computers and peripheral equipment.  • Created and managed project progress using MS Project 2010.  • Served as main point of contact for project status and updates to all HUMC stakeholders.  • Established asset accountability through asset tagging and creation of an inventory database.  • Scheduled project reviews and followed up with action plans to address new issues.  • Compose technical documentation of new processes and procedures to improve project efficiency.  • Coordinated team meetings and action plans to address issues, and create new processes and procedures. Project Coordinator Teksystems at Deutsche Bank - Jersey City, NJ July 2014 to August 2014 • Responsible for understanding and applying new Data Center technologies, and execution of key parts of the operational strategic plan.  • Determine project milestones and ensure deliverables are met and reported to PMO.  • Maintained deliverables including: Operations Management Plan, Patching Plan, Capacity Management Plan and remote site work.  • Weekly Status meetings with PM's. Coordinate the evaluation, deployment, and management of current and future data center technologies.  • Worked directly with Application, Network and Security teams to resolve issues via Infrastructure resources direct or indirect support. Project Workflow Coordinator Tekmark Solutions at JPMorgan - Jersey City, NJ October 2013 to April 2014 • Support of 14 Project Managers and 2 Senior PM's in weekly status meetings for the AML and CCB projects  • Facilitate meetings through activities including but not limited to scheduling, preparing meeting agendas and drafting of meeting minutes.  • Generate project status reports and dashboards, meeting agendas and minutes and executive reports and presentations to Project Managers.  • Served as the primary liaison between JPMorgan internal stakeholders and the Global Provisioning team  • Maintain vendor relationships and ensured that defined SLA's are measured and met consistently.  • Manage of the installation, consolidation, maintenance, and decommission of servers, storage infrastructure, and networking equipment across multiple datacenters globally. Education Project Management Professional AvTech Technical Institute June 2011 Skills MS PROJECT (1 year), SHAREPOINT (Less than 1 year), MS OFFICE 2013 (7 years), MS PROJECT 2010 (2 years), PROJECT 2010 (Less than 1 year) Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/richsottilaro Additional Information Technical Skills    Project Management  IT Support  Data Center Infrastructure  SDLC  Relationship Building  MS Office Suite 2010  MS Project 2010  MS SharePoint 2013  MS PowerPoint 2010  MS office 365 enterprise