IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager Irvine, CA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager Small Business Growth Alliance (SBGA) - Irvine, CA March 2018 to Present • Manage assigned special projects by planning, scope defining, and executing each phase.  • Provide updates to core executives with details of project progressions.  • Oversee a project plan including two test groups for the implementation of a new effective call center system. QA Tester (Temp) Blind Squirrel Games - Santa Ana, CA February 2018 to April 2018 • Collaborated with a team of 25 members on an unannounced project to ensure deliverables were submitted on schedule to achieve milestone requirements.  • Worked directly with the QA team of seven to perform daily smoke tests on new builds, provide bug verification reports, and relay current performance status to core team.  • Identified and documented new bugs throughout playthrough plans, which were inputted into the project tracking management system (JIRA) as means to organize the progression of the project’s queue of existing bugs for regression/verification testing. IT Supervisor Small Business Growth Alliance (SBGA) - Irvine, CA November 2015 to February 2018 • Supervised an in-house Helpdesk IT team of three members to support an organization of 300 employees by delegating  tickets and tasks accordingly then following up on completion status.  • Maintained and monitored multiple systems to ensure the organization operates efficiently.  • Identified and analyzed discrepancies within applications, then collaborated with developers to define solutions. IT HelpDesk Technician Small Business Growth Alliance (SBGA) - Irvine, CA May 2015 to October 2015 • Provided front-end first level technical assistance and support to an organization of 300 employees ensuring successful  daily operations.  • Assisted in equipment configurations, software installations, and conducting tests on various devices.  • Resolved service HelpDesk tickets varying from hardware, software, network, and account management requests. Technical Support Specialist STANCIL CORPORATION - Santa Ana, CA June 2014 to November 2014 • Performed product installation on-site/off-site, trouble shooting, upgrades, and product maintenance support.  • Supervised and led client training sessions on how to operate product systems.  • Actively participated in product production and configuration to company standards.  • Tested new software builds and relayed bugs/issues to the Programmer Manager. Education B.S. in Business Administration CALIFORNIA STATE UNIVERSITY - Long Beach, CA May 2014 Skills Desktop Support, Active Directory, Help Desk, Service Desk, MAC, Tech Support, Microsoft Office, Microsoft Exchange, Microsoft Dynamics CRM, Customer Relationship Management, Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Access, Microsoft PowerPoint, SpiceWorks, JIRA, AirWatch, NetFortris Fonality, Five9, EVOLVE IP Additional Information SKILLS  Operating Systems: Windows (8, 7, Server 2012, Server 2008), Mac OS, Android, iOS  Programming: Java, Visual C#, HTML, CSS, JavaScript  Software: Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, Outlook), Microsoft Dynamics Customer Relationship Management (CRM), Microsoft Exchange, Active Directory