IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager - E-Roots Ohio, Capitol Contender Columbus, OH Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager E-Roots Ohio, Capitol Contender - Columbus, OH April 2015 to Present Columbus, Ohio April 2015 - Current  IT managed services and application development companies for small businesses and Congress  IT Project Manager  • Implemented compact agile development methodology for an application development team of three using Filemaker  • Introduced writing and using test cases to ensure accurate feature completion  • Planned and managed projects to achieve on time, on budget and on spec project completion  • Merged client and developer needs with business requirements, budgetary restrictions and logistical considerations to meet project deliverables  • Capitol Contender clientele primarily consisted of Congressional clients located in Washington DC, requiring travel between Columbus Ohio and Washington DC as needed.  • Introduced and helped implement various internal policies, processes and procedures  • Primary responsibilities performed remotely with weekly in-office hours as needed IT support services, operations, marketing, human resources PMAC Lending Services - Chino Hills, CA January 2014 to April 2015 - Chino Hills, California January 2014 - April 2015  A private lending firm engaged in wholesale, retail, and correspondent home financial services.  IT Service Management System Administrator  • Owned and administered cloud-based service management system (FreshService), delivering ticketing forms, business-rules, work routing, key performance indicators and other metrics reporting for multiple service teams including: IT support services, operations, marketing, human resources, and more.  • Responsible for maintaining system documentation including: system configuration, workflows, procedures, and escalation specifics.  • Duties also included:  ? Analyzing and recommending service management systems  ? Managing vendor relationships  ? Hosting training and IT orientation sessions for new hires (in person and webinar).  • Streamlined established processes for improved efficiencies and to reduce silos.  • Primary responsibilities performed remotely with weekly office meetings.  Notable Projects  Developed process improvement initiatives for the existing ticketing system and FTE effort available to support it. Recommended and implemented the replacement of the self-hosted application with FreshService.com cloud system, realizing 70% cost savings.  Identified and categorized 10 support entities within the organization and established infrastructure to further define workflows and processes. Realized cost savings from email-based support to efficiencies in centralized ticketing. Within 3 quarters, the enterprise went from 11 points of contact and no measurable support metrics, to a request system handling 12,000 requests per quarter (Q4 2014); 19,000 requests in Q1 2015.  Produced metric reports for all teams, including reaching out to each team's managers and teaching the usefulness of said metrics, as well as presenting them. This was the first time the company had such metrics available.  Acted as Jr. Business Analyst for enterprise master employee manager application in conjunction with Manager of Applications. Interviewed all stakeholders to determine requirements for system implementation and created project charter. IT Account Administrator Residential Finance Corporation - Columbus, OH September 2012 to January 2014 - Columbus, Ohio September 2012 to January 2014  A private lender providing home financial services. Ceased operations in 2014, partially acquired by PMAC Lending Services.  IT Account Administrator  • Managed employee systems access including creation, modification and termination across the supply chain.  • Granted security access and administered distribution lists.  • Assign and/or troubleshoot (Tier 1) problem tickets with resolution groups (Infrastructure, Development, and Support) and follow up on action items and root cause activities.  • Administered employee self-service options within the Cherwell ticketing system, and maintained employee data within the organizational HRIS.  • Worked closely with 3rd party vendors for account management.  • Initiated a complete overhaul of existing on-boarding workflows by creating Standard Operating Procedures within the IT department.  • Primary responsibilities performed remotely with weekly office meetings. Administrative Assistant Absolute Care - Columbus, OH September 2011 to September 2012 Columbus, OH September 2011- September 2012    Supported Living Agency, providing in-home assistance to adults with Developmental Disabilities throughout Franklin County    Administrative Assistant  • Created and maintained client files and financial logs.  • Created and maintained employee files.  • Responsible for ordering and tracking of office supplies. Education Computer Information Systems DeVry University - Columbus, OH 2010 to 2012 Columbus State Community College - Columbus, OH Thomas Worthington High School - Worthington, OH Additional Information Technical Proficiencies    Applications and Software: Microsoft Office365, Windows 7, Office 2010 and 2013, Exchange, Active Directory Concord Fax Encompass Velocify AsureForce FreshService Cherwell The Work Number Credit Plus, Informative Research, Equifax Corelogic GoToMeeting, GoToAssist, GoToWebinar RoboForm Epath Learning, Absorb Training Optimal Blue, NYLX Filemaker    Languages: basic C#, basic HTML/CSS