IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Howard Beach, NY Project Manager with a passion for talent development and team building, as well as a strong background in business development.  Comprehensive background includes 5+ years of expertise in organizing  business operations, and resource management to ensure smooth flow  and project operations. Collaborative in meeting with stakeholders to  estimate and forecast costs, create budgets and plan schedules. Organized in leading procurement of resources including equipment and supplies.  Results-driven in monitoring projects by ensuring production adheres to schedule and budget, managing production team, identifying problems and providing targeted solutions. Knowledgeable in accounting  principles, bookkeeping, budget and financial management. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager DC Smart Solutions SAS - Barranquilla, Atlántico June 2018 to December 2018 - Designed strategic plan for component development practices to  support future projects.  - Collaborated with clients from concept through final delivery of  product or service.  - Followed internal procedures for change management, incident  management and escalation.  - Oversaw implementation of application developments.  - Implemented new services into production.  - Conducted research on network products, services, protocols and  standards for network procurement and development efforts.  - Contributed to the success of the client's organization by improving  the performance, motivation, job satisfaction, hiring practices, training  programs and management systems.  - Achieved continuous process improvements by introducing  cutting-edge technology upgrades, paperless systems and the  automation of monitoring systems.  - Formulated complete project plans and coordinated engineering,  design and shop drawing efforts. Business Development Manager/Sales IN-NOVA STL SAS - Barranquilla, Atlántico June 2016 to May 2018 - Worked with existing customers to increase purchases of products and services.  - Participated and actively engaged in strategy meetings with other  shareholders.  - Collaborated with company departments to develop new strategies to capitalize on emerging customer and market trends.   - Developed new business by networking with valuable customers.  - Devised effective marketing, sales and other promotional initiatives.  - Negotiated and closed long-term agreements with new clients in assigned territory.  - Reached out to potential customers via telephone, email and in-person  inquiries.  - Identified and pursued valuable business opportunities to generate  new company revenue and improve bottom line profit.  - Researched and identified opportunities for growth. Operations Manager TSCC SAS - Barranquilla, Atlántico February 2015 to May 2016 - Collaborated with IT and business teams to develop and enhance  architecture in order to better track business KPIs.  - Managed daily operations, including sales, purchasing, scheduling, and P&L.  - Increased customer satisfaction and grew business by maintaining  close relationships with customers.  - Reduced inaccuracies by training over 100+ team members on best  practices, policies and procedures.  - Maintained up-to-date on business operations as well as positive and negative impacts.   - Improved the efficiency of daily operations through better strategic and tactical planning, improved quality control standards, enhance  marketing and stronger systems management in Human Resources,  Accounting and IT departments.  - Maximized productivity and management systems by establishing  specific goals and managing operations. Education Master's in Business Administration (MBA). Speciality in Project Management EUDE Business School - Madrid, Madrid provincia December 2016 to November 2019 Project Management Professional (PMP)® Certification Training Abiztar Learning Technologies, SC. (PMI R.E.P. ID: 4010) in alliance with LiderDeProyecto.com - México November 2017 to February 2019 Skills Microsoft Office (10+ years), MS Project (5 years), Project Management (6 years), Business Development (5 years), Process modelling (3 years), Strategic Planning (10+ years), Operations Management (5 years), Network Management (10+ years), Sales Management (10+ years), CRM (8 years), Logistics Management (5 years) Additional Information - Enterprise technologies  - Excellent diagnostic skills  - Planning and implementation  - Project management  - Interpersonal skills  - Excellent problem-solving abilities  - Team player  - Configuration management  - Windows and Linux  - Large computer networks