Intelligence Project Coordinator Intelligence <span class="hl">Project</span> Coordinator Intelligence Project Coordinator - Bronx District Attorney's Office New York, NY Work Experience Intelligence Project Coordinator Bronx District Attorney's Office - Bronx, NY April 2018 to Present Assisted senior developers to develop new infrastructures and software applications. Managed and develop project plans for implementing crime analytic software for the district attorney office. Used MS Projects to delegate tasks and update project objectives in regards to implementing new software's and procedures. Coordinate with Crime unit Strategies team members and IT members to implement new software and software's for in house purposes. Worked with different executive members to manage budgets, milestones and deadlines. Used MS office to present and showcase each execution for project tasks; IT Project Manager (PT Contract Position) IBM - New York, NY March 2018 to March 2019 Communicate project information to stakeholders, design templates, create presentations, review and edit project deliverables and maintain the project information repository. Worked side by side with project manager to develop budget plans and created IT infrastructures for new sites and clients in the region that were opening up and joining the company. Coordinated purchases and sets with vendors in regards to hardware/software and set up. IT Project Manager Intern (Co-Op) IBM - Southbury, CT June 2017 to March 2018 Handled and worked side by side with senior project manager, with large IT- related projects, as well developed budgets and project plans for company, such as deployments of Workday@IBM. Managed and developed scopes, Q&A testing and coordinating testing with IT developers on remote machines. Used JIRA and Microsoft projects to document each steps and milestones of the project. Managed vendor relations for hardware deployments and software deployments at companies like Morgan Stanley, State street Bank and Chubb. IT Project Manager Intern Co-Op NBC Universal - Stamford, CT January 2017 to June 2017 Implemented new inhouse applications for NBC sports. Acted as a communication liaison between different departments and IT teams to deploy new software and to gather information how the application will deployed. Use MS office suites to document and keep status of the each project; defined and developed project scopes as well as tracked testing stages of the project. Education MBA in Enterprise Analytics Pace University, Seidenberg School of Computer Science and Information Systems - New York, NY May 2019 Bachelors of Science in Information Systems Pace University, Seidenberg School of Computer Science and Information Systems - New York, NY December 2017 Skills Microsoft Project, Outlook, budget, Estimating