Associate Product Manager Associate Product <span class="hl">Manager</span> Associate Product Manager San Francisco, CA Work Experience Associate Product Manager WAY.COM - Fremont, CA May 2017 to December 2017 Collaborate with a cross functional team of Designers, Software Developers and Business Developers using Agile to enhance the UX (User Experience) of Way product by solving issues and bugs and interpreting analytics related to  customer feedbacks that resulted in a 25% increase of customer retention rate.  ? Developed and delivered technical documentation and training materials to educate internal stakeholders on new  product features and technical solutions. IT Project Manager Helios Solutions - Vadodara, Gujarat June 2015 to March 2016 Led multiple teams in Agile Software development, Mobile and Web Technologies by managing multiple projects  simultaneously and analysing, understanding and fulfillment of clients/customers needs including project plans and delivery schedules based on clients' requirements that boosted customer satisfaction by 10%.  ? Negotiated, closed and managed projects worth $20,000 in revenue for a duration of 12 months and led the company  itself in acquiring projects from France and Switzerland resulting in additional business of $14,000 in revenue. Product Manager Romy Paris - Troyes, FR September 2014 to September 2015 Performed competitive analysis, SWOT analysis, opportunity analysis and market segmentation with collaboration of a cross-functional team of engineers, designers and business developers that resulted in a better understanding of  the High-tech cosmetic market in the Ecommerce industry.  ? Developed 30+ user stories through 10+ focus groups and 30+ surveys  ? Collected needs and feedbacks through prospect client interactions that resulted in building an MVP (Minimum  Viable Product) through multiple A/B product testing  ? Enabled improvement in team delivery commitments and capacity planning using Agile that resulted in a 40%  increase in team efficiency    Earlier positions and additional information Web Developer DpointGroup - Barcelona, ES September 2013 to December 2013 Created wireframes and    visual compositions; built website using WordPress, Marketing through social media advertising platforms Education Master of Science in Finance in MFIN Hult International Business School - San Francisco, CA March 2018 Project Management for Continuous Innovation Stanford University - Stanford, CA June 2017 Master of Science in Innovation & Entrepreneurship in Innovation & Entrepreneurship EPF Engineering School - Troyes, FR December 2016 Lyautey University - Casablanca, MA August 2010 Skills USER EXPERIENCE (Less than 1 year), JIRA Links http://linkedin.com/in/amney-mounir Additional Information Areas of Expertise  ? Customer Interactions ? User Experience ? Result driven  ? Agile Methodology ? Teamwork ? Salesforce  ? Customer Driven ? Google Analytics ? Jira and Redmine