Project Coordinator, Infrastructure IT <span class="hl">Project</span> Coordinator, Infrastructure <span class="hl">IT</span> Project Coordinator, Infrastructure IT - KAR Auction Services (TEKsystems) Indianapolis, IN Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Coordinator, Infrastructure IT KAR Auction Services (TEKsystems) - Carmel, IN April 2017 to Present Currently coordinating the full project lifecycle of a WAN architecture optimization project, that includes a scope of all  153 physical properties that KAR owned lines of business operate at.  ? Coordinated the deployment of a desktop refresh at 33 auction sites around the country as well as the corporate headquarters, overseeing the replacement of over 3,500 separate endpoints.  ? Regularly conduct meetings and presentations with key project stakeholders, working to satisfy and inform multiple  different lines of business within the company, as well as external vendor partners.  ? Work with technical resources to identify project readiness activities, as well as assisting in project execution support.  ? Developed communications plans and individual project communications with executive level audiences. Project Manager, Infrastructure IT Apparatus Infrastructure Services - Indianapolis, IN August 2016 to January 2017 Audited all project initiations and closures for conformity to Apparatus operating procedures.  ? Worked with the Apparatus overseas command center to review, and implement changes to project plans.  ? Created weekly project status reports for Apparatus leadership by analyzing and summarizing all relevant  information on active projects.  ? Served as a member of the Apparatus Quality assurance board. Intern, Robotic Process Automation May 2016 to August 2016 Created the necessary architecture for the automation tool (Arago) side of the custom API that our team  developed to allow communication between ServiceNow and Arago.  ? Assembled, tested, and put into production ten "knowledge items" that served as the proof of concept of the automation service that was created. Help Desk Technician Kelley School of Business - Bloomington, IN August 2015 to May 2016 Acted as the first point of contact for staff and student inquiries regarding computer software or hardware operation;  Maintained equipment, Documented issue scope, as well as actions taken for resolution. Education CAPM Project Management Institute - Indianapolis, IN June 2018 Computer Science Indiana University - Bloomington, IN 2011 to 2016 Skills HTML, JAVASCRIPT, PYTHON, VBA, CSS, Project Management, Excel Additional Information ? Advanced level with Microsoft Excel, Project, and Powerpoint  ? Experience with VBA and Excel macros  ? Familiar with a wide variety of programming and markup languages (Python, Java, SQL, HTML, CSS, Javascript)  ? Experience with project invoicing  ? Well-versed in ServiceNow  ? Agile framework experience    1451 Central Ave APT. 107 Indianapolis, IN, 46202 (260)-449-1144 StevenxAnderson@gmail.com