TECHNINCAL PROJECT MANAGER, CLIENT TECHNINCAL <span class="hl">PROJECT</span> <span class="hl">MANAGER</span>, CLIENT TECHNINCAL PROJECT MANAGER, CLIENT - GE POWER Albany, NY ? 11+ years of progressive expertise in Project Management, Business Analysis, Leadership, Stakeholder management, Business development, Project Costing, SOW, RFP & Presales.  ? Possesses 5+ years Project Management experience in Agile and Waterfall methodologies. Expert in delivering agile projects that provide exceptional business value to users. Managed project teams (10-20 size in Waterfall, Multiple scrum teams of Size 5-7) and known for high-quality deliverables.  ? Accountable for managing IT projects (Migrations, Upgrades, Integrations, Installations, Product development & Maintenance)  ? Expert in creating Project plans, Test Strategy, Test plans, Test Scenarios, Business cases, Traceability Matrix, Test design documents, Knowledge base articles, Create, track and improve KPIs.  ? Experience in managing Product development, Migrations, Legacy system upgrades, & Maintenance projects.  ? Business Strategist in aligning business goals with technology solutions, drive process improvements by identifying and implementing Six sigma lean process ensuring competitive advantage and bottom-line gains.  ? Excellent communicator with proven ability to achieve results in very high pressure environments.  ? Hands on experience in managing and implementing development and maintenance DWBI Projects using BI tools (Qlikview/Tableau)  ? Knowledge of Citrix servers, Roaming profiles, Virtual servers & Thin clients. Handled (Onsite / Offshore) Delivery and Program Management for deliverables of projects in geographically dispersed locations. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience TECHNINCAL PROJECT MANAGER, CLIENT GE POWER November 2014 to Present Developing IT solutions for Power Generation Products(PGP) function and migrating/upgrading the existing legacy shop floor systems. The PGP function requires to comply and report on various data sources involving Inventory& Asset management,Quality,Finance,Payroll e.t.c  Nov 2014 - Present  • Defined product roadmap and created backlog in conjunction with functional owners and key business stakeholders.  • Performed weekly portfolio review with senior management and provided updates to stakeholders.  • Actively interacted with IT leadership and key business stakeholders to craft an IT project delivery strategy that aligns with business objectives, priorities and measurable business outcomes.  • Developed, managed and tracked project plan to implement requested features.  • Formulated over all QA strategy, measured and monitored actual results against plans.  • Proactively identified changes in work scope and ensure appropriate planning measures are taken to reassess, renegotiate and amend scope of work responsibilities.  • Regularly dive into architecture, code, test plans, project plans, deployments and operations to drive delivery excellence meeting project deadlines.  • Collaborated with the team, architect and product owner to remove impediments and ensure rightness of features and design.  • Collect and post project documentation on support central (internal wiki).  • Track completion of deliverables and adherence to timelines, track milestones and timelines across projects and provide recommendations when necessary to meet project deliverable expectations.  • Resource forecast for next Quarterly releases.  • Assisted other Program Manager and developers in managing and developing AGILE process.  • Worked with Business Analysts & Functional owners in identifying and implementing Lean Six Sigma process projects. TECHNICAL PROJECT MANAGER, CLIENT GE POWER January 2013 to October 2014 an acronym for Ready To Serve as its name suggests, is a development & support system for a number of applications having very diverse functionality and areas of function. Building new applications and migrating the legacy systems, creating dashboards and reports using qlikview. These applications and reports are accessed all over the globe by a wide spectrum of GE associates whether directly or indirectly associated with GE.  Jan 2013 - Oct 2014  • Prepared Statement of Work (SOW) and Project charter  • Participated in functional requirement analysis and designwalk-throughs.  • Coordinated estimates and schedules, created project plans, ensured all documentation is accurate and thorough and coordinated handoffs between all appropriate internal and external departments.  • Lead the definition of project risks, and the required mitigation approaches. Monitored project activities for the occurrence of risks, and took timely action to mitigate the risk.  • Involved in Data Modelling and Data Warehousing using Dimensional Model.  • Participated in Database analysis in order to fetch only required set of data from database.  • Tested reports to do comparison of fetched data vs. created reports in order to have a proper result set when a user executes them.  • Involved in Production Migrations and Qlikview version upgrades and Data Warehouse Upgrade.  • Focused team on business objectives and tracked progress to ensure project milestones were completed on time, on budget and with the desired results.  • Coordinated with Business users in development process to integrate with the Test and Production Servers and helped creating use cases.  • Effectively and completely communicate project status, issues, accomplishments, budgets, risks with Senior Management.  • Monitor the team activities continuously to adhere to the project timelines and actively coordinate roll-out of project deliverables.  • Provided leadership and direction to project staff. IT PROJECT MANAGER GE POWER March 2012 to December 2012 ConFIRM(Contract Financial Inputs Reconciliation Manager) globally used web based integration system between ERP/GL systems and ICAM (Infrastructure Contractual Agreement Modeling) System that will allow all users of the Sales and Cost data to perform their responsibilities with no manual efforts needed. The system will contain the multiple to users like Finance, Contract Performance Manager (CPM), Reconciliation team and Risk Team to review contracts/models related data from the CS ERP and the GL and display any variances. ConFIRM will be used by and approve the contracts/models and send the contracts to ICAM system once the approval process is completed in ConFIRM system.  Mar 2012 - Dec 2012  • Prepared Project charter, Product Roadmap  • Partner with Product Owner on the Backlog grooming. Skills QLIKVIEW (1 year), ACCESS (Less than 1 year), DATABASES (Less than 1 year), INFORMATICA (Less than 1 year), MICROSOFT PROJECT (Less than 1 year), MS ACCESS (Less than 1 year), MS PROJECT (Less than 1 year) Additional Information SKILLS  Languages: SQL, PLSQL, R  Operating Systems: Windows, UNIX  Databases: Oracle, MS SQL Server, MS Access, MySQL  Development Tools:Qlikview, Tableau,Informatica  Testing Tools:QTP, Selenium  Project Management Tools: MS Project, HP Quality Center, Service Now, JIRA