Account Manager Account <span class="hl">Manager</span> Account Manager - Global Emergency Resources Technology professional with 5+ years' experience in IT Project, Portfolio, and Account Management in Supply Chain, Claims, Finance, Healthcare, and Software Services. An effective communicator who excels in customer service, problem solving, and project management. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Account Manager Global Emergency Resources - Augusta, GA September 2014 to Present Augusta, GA  Global Emergency Resources provides software and technology solutions that integrate emergency response, patient tracking, family reunification and hospital admission with near real-time monitoring and system/asset mapping.  Account Manager September 2014 - Present  • Increased use of software in the state of Georgia by 20%.  • Responsible for growing existing client relationships as well as developing new customer relationships.  • Developed training curriculum and manuals for software launch.  • Conduct in-person and on-line meetings with current clients.  • Provide on-site operational support during emergency exercises and mass gathering events  • Support customers' operational, planning, and training meetings.  • Attend industry conferences and coalition meetings IT Project Manager e+CancerCare - Nashville, TN May 2013 to February 2014 Nashville, TN  e+CancerCare is one of the leading operators of outpatient cancer care centers. e+CancerCare operates multiple cancer care facilities across the country, offering a variety of cancer imaging, chemotherapy, radiation therapy services and support services, all under one roof.    IT Project Manager May 2013 - February 2014  • Managed scope and implementation of EMR, Billing, and Accounting software upgrades.  • Managed deployment of new switches, routers, and PCs for ten PET imaging centers across the U.S.  • Developed and maintained IT Project Dashboard and associated timing of project delivery.  • Worked closely with client/ project stakeholders - provided regular communication and status reporting; facilitated project communications at all levels.  • Conducted bi-weekly IT team meetings, giving updates on all in-flight and upcoming projects  • Managed the rollout of front office patient registration and collections software for seven centers.  • Developed and managed remediation / project plan in preparation for the 2013 Security Audit Client Project / Portfolio Manager Asurion Insurance Services - Nashville, TN May 2013 to May 2013 Nashville, TN  Asurion provides device protection and support services for smartphones, tablets, consumer electronics, appliances, satellite receivers and jewelry. The company operates in 14 countries and has 49 offices worldwide with 15,000 employees serving 280 million consumers.    Client Project / Portfolio Manager April 2012 - May 2013  • Project Manager for the legal entity split for operations in Europe. This led to an overall decrease in taxes.  • Project Manager for the repair and return portal implementation. This allowed US supply chain operation to add a new game console repair business.  • Responsible for coordinating continuous improvement across teams for the home fusion broadband program.  • Worked with Sterling and Nashville teams, as well as Wal-Mart to organize and plan implementation of a new Wal-Mart mobile care product. Also worked with Finance and IT to acquire cost estimates and build the business case to justify project approval.  • Managed resource allocation, budgets, and task planning within Clarity. IT Project Manager - Microsoft Dynamics AX Continuous Improvement January 2011 to March 2012 Coordinated monthly continuous improvement releases to production environment.  • Managed prioritization and intake with the business end users.  • Coordinated requirements gathering, development & quality assurance testing for production delivery dates.  • Conducted daily scrum calls.  • Managed resource allocation, budgets, and task planning within Clarity. Relationship Manager / Project Manager October 2009 to December 2010 Implementation project manager for a new CRM tool to manage fraud cases.  • With process improvement team, defined a telephony-driven check-in process for technical assistance call center. Average handle time was reduced to 30 seconds per call.  • Coordinated the telephony infrastructure upgrade with the technical assistance center and IT telephony team.  • Responsible for driving outstanding IT issues to closure within specified the time frames.  • Prepared weekly updates and suggestions for improvement on key IT deliverables. Software Testing Engineer June 2009 to September 2009 Responsible for testing custom applications built by Asurion software developers.  • Ensure 100% system and regression testing completion for on-time deployment.  • Coordinated with offshore automation team to create test scripts.  • Rotational position as part of the Technology Leadership Program Education Bachelor of Science in Information Systems Management Auburn University - Auburn, AL August 2005 to May 2009 Certifications/Licenses PMP August 2018 CAPM May 2018 Additional Information SKILLS  Project Management, Relationship Management, Account Management, Portfolio Management, Vendor Management, Software Development, Agile Development, Infrastructure Deployment, Customer Service, MS SQL, Clarity, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint, MS Visio, MS Word, MS Project, Microsoft Dynamics AX, MySQL, Windows XP/7/8, EMR, EHR