TECHNOLOGY SPECIALIST TECHNOLOGY SPECIALIST TECHNOLOGY SPECIALIST - KIRTLAND AIR FORCE BASE Albuquerque, NM IT professional with extensive experience in private and government organizations. Strong understanding of network concepts and design, troubleshooting, end user support and wireless technologies. Possess a desire to provide exceptional customer service while improving company communication and information systems. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience TECHNOLOGY SPECIALIST KIRTLAND AIR FORCE BASE - Albuquerque, NM April 2012 to Present Successfully manage computer operations, hardware, software and data monitoring for air force base in accordance to operation instructions.  • Respond quickly to end user requests and issues and correct or restore service.  • Perform desktop support related tasks in ticket resolution, installation, maintenance and upgrade of computer hardware, software and related peripherals.  • Provide hardware support including installing and configuring memory, hard drives, and network cards troubleshooting or upgrading faulty equipment as needed.  • Support for all Credit card terminals in the squadron. Install/replace terminals, upgrade OS. Also have training in PCI compliance.  • Install LAN drops for customers that need internet access that is not readily available.  • Manage Cisco switches including configurations, port security, and VLAN creations.  • Provide support for all network/stand alone printers including repair, replacement and configuration.  • Installation of wireless access points and configurations of the wireless network.  • Create/manage users/computers/accounts in active directory.  • Administrator to over 300 user accounts throughout the squadron.  • Responsible for over 500 pieces of equipment.  • Proficient with all Microsoft office applications.  • Able to create and deploy computer images with Windows Deployment Services and light touch. IT TECHNICIAN AND FACILITIES MANAGER NEW HORIZONS - Albuquerque, NM August 2011 to April 2012 Installed and uninstalled software computer systems and networks, diagnosed and repaired technical issues, designed, implemented and administered user networks.  • Provided all support for VoIP communication devices including creating and managing telephone accounts.  • Provided support troubleshooting domain based PCs.  • Managed Microsoft Active Directory data by adding/deleting users, assigning user rights to network or local resources, etc.  • Installed and uninstalled Microsoft Exchange, created user accounts and provided troubleshooting.  • Provided Network Management including troubleshooting using Command-line or Graphical User Interface.  • Proficient in installing/uninstalling Client/Server software and applications.  • Implemented, configured and troubleshot wireless technologies.  • Provided customer service by giving end-user support either remotely or locally.  • Worked with Cisco switches setting up networks, creating VLANS, and configuring switches. PROJECT MANAGER CENTRIC MANAGEMENT SERVICES - Albuquerque, NM December 2011 to February 2012 Responsible for planning, executing, and evaluating projects according to predetermined timelines and budgets.  • Ensured quality control throughout project life cycle.  • Performed work breakdown structure to estimate effort and work load for each task of project.  • Clearly communicated client expectations to team members and stakeholders.  • Effectively resolved any issues and provided problem solving assistance throughout project life cycle.  • Tracked and reported project milestones and provided status reports.  • Proactively lead and motivated project team leaders. INTERNSHIP NEW HORIZONS - Albuquerque, NM June 2011 to September 2011 Responsible for working with help desk and systems staff in the installation of workstation and telephone equipment, workstation repairs and imaging, as well as assisting end users in troubleshooting and resolving IT issues.  • Utilized ticket tracking system to send tickets to appropriate departments.  • Participated in solving minor workstation-related issues.  • Participated in system preparations including Operating System installation, software installation and user configurations.  • Performed equipment moves and minor hardware installations.  • Assisted staff with projects as necessary. Education Bachelor of Science in Information Technology and Security Systems WESTERN GOVERNORS UNIVERSITY 2012 to Present Associate of Applied Science in Computer Network Systems ITT TECHNICAL INSTITUTE 2009 to 2011 Additional Information SKILLS AND ACCOMPLISHMENTS  • Obtained Security+, Network+, CIW Web Design, CIW JavaScript and MCP certifications.  • Ability to communicate technical information to a non-technical audience in a clear and coherent manner.  • Excellent decision making and problem solving skills.  • Effective organization, planning and time management skills ensuring impeccable customer service.  • Proficient in Windows, Command-line, Graphical User Interface, Cisco switches, VolP, Remedy ticket system, Hyper-V, VMWare, Microsoft Virtual PC and all Microsoft Office Applications.