Director of Operations Director of Operations Project Manager | Operations Manager | Consulting Austin, TX Brittany is an experienced Manager and Consultant. She has worked in a variety of fields and continues to consult with numerous entrepreneurs and companies around the country. Her past industries include: Healthcare, IT, Finance, Oil & Gas, Government & International Affairs, Non-Profits and Project Management consulting firms.    Working abroad for a private investment firm and starting numerous companies, she has a solid understanding of people, communication, dynamic situations and thinking outside the box. Brittany possesses a multifaceted knowledge-base within the areas of: Startup Operations, Logistics, Team Development and Marketing. Moreover, as a founder and manager of multiple distinct ventures, she believes the best leaders are authentic, resilient and humble. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Director of Operations RED Interests, Inc - Houston, TX May 2016 to Present • Systemic problem solver, implementing solutions to solve root causes. Creating environments that encourage teamwork and collaboration, both internally and externally.   • Developing specific goals and objectives, including effective capital expenditure management, and achievement of targeted cost, quality delivery and other operational targets and metrics.   • Leading integration efforts following acquisition of three new companies, training new staff on standards, guidelines, and expectations.  • Possessing full responsibility over: Marketing, Advertising, Human Resources, Operations, Social Media, and Bookkeeping efforts.  • Project Management tasks over the construction of new buildings, site plan and Interior Design, and strategic planning for four startups. IT Project Manager (Consultant) Airbnb - San Francisco, CA January 2016 to June 2016 • Ran Agile and Scrum operations across multiple teams (operations, networking, engineering), pushing  process improvement and strategic organization on all IT projects.  • Coordinated internal resources and VARs on reshaping inventory management process, designing a new  web-based tool for global inventory management, and implementing a new TEM tool worldwide. Senior IT Project Manager (Consultant) GTRI - Denver, CO April 2015 to July 2015 • Executed customers solution based implementation needs within enterprise scale Cisco, NetApp, Splunk  and EMC integrations and deployments.  • Managed and led infrastructure, IT security, and cloud based migration projects for clients such as  MindBody, Northrop Grumman, United Launch Alliance, Splunk, etc.  • As a project manager at GTRI I oversaw the project lifecycle from both a project management and program  management perspective. IT Implementation Project Manager Tangoe, Inc. - Austin, TX March 2014 to April 2015 • Established and managed the project plan (in Salesforce and Project) along with driving it to completion.  • Motivated and directed project teams. Responsibilities included setting goals, objectives and priorities. Also assigned and reviewed deliverables, allocated resources, and created HTML for our customer-facing portals.  • Ensured that approved methods, processes and tools were consistently adhered to. Was accountable for meeting project schedules on time and on budget with high degrees of customer satisfaction.  • Incorporated my customers specific needs and desired end state by offering best practices and guidance in order to implement the optimum solution prior to transitioning to post sales.   • Managed IT project implementation, including emergent issues, with emphasis on time schedule control. Conducted Project analysis based off Six Sigma practices. Education BS, Political Science & Communication University of Colorado Boulder - Boulder, CO 2004 to 2008 Skills Microsoft Office (10+ years), Management (5 years), Project Management (6 years), Marketing Strategy (4 years), Interior Design (10+ years), It Project Management (5 years), TEM (3 years) Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/brittanybmoore Certifications/Licenses Scrum Master August 2014 to August 2017