Chief Operations Officer, Project Manager Chief Operations Officer, <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Microsoft Access & SQL Guru West Newbury, MA I’ve used Microsoft Access since 1997, and have created over 70+ projects within that time, plus I’m still developing even more. Three of my projects are commercial consumer products, and others are client specific projects or prototypes.     I have used Microsoft Access versions 95 through 2013 and I’m more than comfortable with all versions, even upgrading older versions to newer models. In my experience, Access can do some really amazing things beyond it’s known capabilities using scripting and Visual Basic. To me, Microsoft Access is a tool that can solve many problems and automate other processes. I’ve used it for data scrubbing and migration to automation, to quality control mechanisms. I find that Microsoft Access can do extraordinary things with some extra programming.     My career has always been in financial world, however, I’m also a software enthusiast, so I am able to leverage that knowledge to resolve problems and improve situations through software. The combination of the two is beneficial where I can easily speak to technical engineers, vendors, co-workers and operational management.     Over the last 18 years, I have been working in the financial and technology industries in various roles including client sales, sales management, IT management, project management, IT consulting, software development and hardware technician. All my prior experience has led me to understand various management, security, reporting, compliance, internal workflows and software requirements. I’ve worked on internal and external systems, both custom built and 3rd party. As a highly motivated self-starter, I’ve also created several software products and companies that offer businesses unique tools.     I now seek to use my skills and experience to help solve database issues for others. Where I am already managing IT products, engineers, creating reporting solutions, and continually assessing internal processes, I am confident that I can fill your needs and bring a wealth of technical experience to aide in my role - including training peers and supervising development teams.     I have managed and developed web, desktop and mobile software for the public and business clients, I also have hands on knowledge with all the Microsoft Office applications at an expert level, I know multiple reporting systems and I’m fluent with building SQL databases. My experience with both hardware and software enables me to more quickly assess your systems to provide solutions and offer process improvement opportunities. Work Experience Chief Operations Officer, Project Manager Ubersimple LLC - North Hampton, NH 2012 to Present Responsibilities  Design and program B2B software using Microsoft Access, VBA, SQL, HTML, PHP, and javascript.  Develop and create online, desktop and mobile software products for financial industry.  Create reporting and analytics solutions for business users and internal staff.  Recruit and manage a team of technical engineers.  Manage finances.  Project management.  Define marketing needs for products.    Accomplishments  Created multiple products for consumer and B2B sales. Brought the company from startup to a self sustaining organization with sales team and development team.    Skills Used  Management, Team Building, Training, Financial and Asset Management, Programming (SQL, VBA, Microsoft Access, Android, iOS, Web, HTML, Javascript, PHP). Process Improvement Engineer/ IT Manager Residential Mortgage Services, Inc - South Portland, ME June 2010 to February 2012 Responsibilities  Worked closely with software vendors to implement enhancements that improve productivity, reduce downtime, identify and eliminate bugs.  Implemented several custom Microsoft Access projects to automate daily tasks and reduce human error and costs.   Administered and implemented security protocols for data traffic.  Developed several workflow enhancements to improve throughput of mortgage loan applications while reducing errors.  Designed and implemented real-time reporting to deliver sales results to management.  Managed, developed and trained a staff of 6 full time and contract employees to administer site hardware, user access, and support desk for company of 300+ employees in 32 locations.  Oversaw and managed all aspects of a $1.2 million IT project resulting in a shift from local to scalable computing with redundant and disaster recovery plans.  Planned and executed an employee Microsoft Office enhanced training program     Accomplishments  Created multiple in-house database solutions using Microsoft Access and SQL. Automated many procedures that produced cost savings, and revenue generation. Upgraded the companies old database systems to modern databases. Trained a small team to manage technical support. Built custom real time mobile reporting engine for sales teams.    Skills Used  Microsoft Access, SQL, HTML, javascript, Python, C#, VBA, Micosoft Excel, Microsoft Outlook, Citrix. Plus team management Education BS in Biology, Medical Technology Fitchburg State University - Fitchburg, MA 1992 to 1996 Skills Visio  VBA (Visual Basic)  CSS  Java(Android)  Objective C(iOS)  Microsoft Excel- Guru  Microsoft Access - Guru  Microsoft Word - Guru  Microsoft Outlook - Guru  HTML  HTML5  PHP  Javascript  SQL  MySQL  Microsoft Powerpoint - Guru  Microsoft Publisher - Guru Links http://myDBC.me/UBERBRAD Additional Information I know and love Microsoft Access for its capabilities. Using it for over 15 years, I have been able to conform it to a project’s needs and expand it’s potential. I use it to make custom software, as well as database management tools. I am also highly skilled in most of the Microsoft Office products (Word, Excel, Access, Outlook, PowerPoint, Visio, Publisher, Project) and Microsoft SQL and MySQL, VBA (Visual Basic), PHP, JavaScript, HTML, HTML5, CSS, Java(Android), Objective C(iOS), Visual Basic. I create reporting solutions and have worked with many 3rd party solutions.