Project Manager of Decision Analytics <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> of Decision Analytics Project Manager of Decision Analytics - Georgia-Pacific Atlanta, GA I am Program/ Project Manager that has worked on all phases of a project development lifecycle, from gathering requirements to testing, implementation, and support. I have excellent technical and analytical skills with clear understanding of how to successfully execute and deliver a project. I have work experience in application development, decision science, analytics, data, ERP and network related projects. Work Experience Project Manager of Decision Analytics Georgia-Pacific - Atlanta, GA November 2018 to Present Tasked with the duty of successfully executing and delivering project for Georgia-Pacific's Decision Analytics team. Used historical company data to solve business problems/challenges. Managed project teams of 15+ members. Coordinated and managed projects that brought over $10 Million in value for Georgia Pacific.    • Led and managed the coordination, implementation and execution of various Advanced Analytics (Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Operations and Non-Ops) projects through their lifecycle  • Managed and coached a of team data scientist/analysts, financial analysts and developers  • Built and deployed multiple project plans (Microsoft Project & Smartsheet) and project charters using an Agile or Hybrid approach depending on project requirements and constraints  • Created weekly and bi weekly status reports for GP stakeholders and the Decision Analytics team  • Deployed risk mitigation plans, especially for data accessibility and data quality off GP's AWS data lake  • Oversaw the development of data catalog tool to help organize and structure all the data in AWS S3 and AWS Redshift.  • Managed a team of BI (Business Intelligence) developers who created various KPIs and analytical dashboards using Excel and Tableau for stakeholders to monitor the success of projects.  • Served as a program manager for all outsourced projects to 3rd party vendors. Oversaw the progress and budgets for each project.  • Assisted in the establishment of the Decision Analytics' Program Management Office (PMO) by creating and standardizing project management processes, documentation, reporting and communication cadences IT Project Manager (PMO) NAPA Auto Parts, a Genuine Parts Company - Atlanta, GA March 2018 to November 2018 Served as a Junior Project Manager for the organization's PMO. Managed various IT related projects which included application development and network infrastructure assignments. Specifically worked on pricing projects, point of system(POS) projects and a nationwide store VOIP conversations. Additionally, assisted in the establishment of NAPAs Vendor Management Office (VMO).    • Aligned IT with the needs of business and stakeholders.  • Developed project scopes and objectives, involving all relevant stakeholders and ensuring technical feasibility.  • Created KPIs for various metrics used by PMO.  • Implemented Agile practices and maintained SLDC for projects.  • Performed cost benefit analysis on all projects.  • Coordinated internal resources and third parties/vendors for the flawless execution of projects.  • Developed a detailed project plan to track progress.  • Used appropriate verification techniques to manage changes in project scope, schedule and costs.  • Performed risk management to minimize project risks.  • Established and maintained relationships with third parties/vendors.  • Created and maintained comprehensive project documentation.  • Measured project performance using appropriate systems, tools and techniques.  • Participated in user configurations, testing and troubleshooting after project deployment and implementation. Associate SAP Project Coordinator/Business Analyst EIS Inc. a Genuine Parts Company - Atlanta, GA May 2015 to September 2017 • Helped identify business needs and determine solutions to business problems.  • Coordinated meetings with business users for requirement validation, scope definitions and release timeline for features and projects.  • Wrote detailed descriptions of user needs, program functions, and steps to improve SAP application.  • Helped with user testing to confirm issues/bugs/results to specific features with development team to expedite fixes/ releases.  • Worked with IT development team to implement improvements in project planning and execution.  • Worked with production support, and on call support team as needed to ensure applications are running smoothly.  • Assisted the project manager in the implementation and maintenance of the SAP system.  • Monitored and managed the schedule and plan of work (POW).  • Managed project cost and budget.  • Assisted in the hire and management of onsite staff and off-shore staff.  • Developed and managed supplier relationships and contracts.  • Analyzed and initiated the integration of Amazon Web Services QuickSight into the SAP system Education Bachelors in Computer Science in Database Systems & Analytics Georgia State University Skills Program Management (5 years), Project Management (5 years)