Chief Techniology Officer / Co-Founder Chief Techniology Officer / Co-Founder Chief Techniology Officer / Co-Founder - Careqik Yonkers, NY Software Developer / Project Manager    A highly articulate, divergent thinker, and gifted communicator who collaborates to problem-solve and achieve. Full stop Work Experience Chief Techniology Officer / Co-Founder Careqik - Scottsdale, AZ 2019 to Present Co-founded mental healthcare and education technology start-up company. Currently deeply involved in research  and development including (but not limited to): business processes, company infrastructure, internal tooling, and set- ting the company's technical strategy. Architecting, coding, and developing first iteration of company's web application    Key Achievement(s):  * Designing and developing initial website and corresponding marketing copy to be featured IT Support Consultant / Technician USEReady - New York, NY 2018 to 2019 Performed installations, de-installations, moves, additions/alterations of computer hardware, including (but not limited  to): setting up PC's, mapping printers, connecting peripheral equipment, and verifying device functionality and net- work connectivity. Crafted and maintained documentation pertaining to successful submission of project deliverables,  involving: installation process/activities, issues and challenges that arose, and corrective troubleshooting and remedial  actions taken to resolve, all as part of applicable Service-Level Agreements(SLAs).  Key Achievement(s):  * Installed as point-person for conferring with on-site management to troubleshoot all issues that arose Project Manager / Estimator Agility Cable - New York, NY 2016 to 2016 Led projects to successful completion, whilst coming in under projected hours and budget, as an aggregate, while implementing technological solutions and strategic initiatives that met project objectives. Drove resolution of issues in  so that respective project timelines were not impacted, while regularly communicating project status to all stakehold- ers. Tracked budget issues and corresponding change orders for assigned projects. Partnered with multiple depart-  ments and external vendors to shape business requirements.  Key Achievement(s):  * Directed numerous projects concurrently; with a portfolio totaling well in excess of $500K in revenue.  * Implemented the (semi) automation of labeling schematics/generation utilizing self-taught interme- diate to advanced level Microsoft Excel knowledge and skills. Assistant Project Manager Agility Cable - New York, NY 2014 to 2015 Contributed to business growth by coordinating project activities, including (but not limited to): ensuring cost, sched- ule, document control, and quality standards were met. Calculated and managed technician workload as determined in conjunction with the leadership team. Maintained understanding of project challenges and/or changes to workflow  and communicated changes to the appropriate parties  .Key Achievement(s):  * Implemented job costing system across all projects; determined KPIs by which to measure efficiency  and accuracy of project estimates as calculated by the estimating department.  * Increased positive client feedback and associate performance by communicating regularly with clients, as well  as the applicable functional senior associate to review business results and execution of plans and strategies.    Aflac. New York, NY Benefits Consultant Aflac - New York, NY 2013 to 2014 Engaged closely with respective clients, fellow consultants, and various levels of management to ensure full-scope of sales and benefits implementation. Analyzed client business needs to determine optimal benefits to offer.  Key Achievement(s):  * Achieved top producer status on an exclusive team of associates on $1M Account.  * Exceeded typical individual first-year sales goal; achieved individual sales totaling $185K. Assistant Manager Greenwich Auto Detailing - Bedford Hills, NY 2011 to 2013 Managed a workforce of (5) employees concurrently. Education Professional Certificate in Software Engineering Holberton School - San Francisco, CA 2017 to 2018 Bachelor of Arts in Business Administration/Marketing Fordham University - Bronx, NY 2012 Skills Front-end, Javascript, Node.js, Typescript, Python, Flask, Ruby, Rails, Mysql, Postgresql, Java, jquery, Mongodb, Html5, Bash, Frameworks, Software architecture, Budget, Forecasting, Time management, React.js, CSS3, Wordpress, Microsoft Office, Excel, GraphQL, Front End, Angular, Bootstrap, HTML, PHP Additional Information Core Competencies:    • Project Management • Problem Solving  • Effective Communication (Written/Oral) • Team Collaboration  • Front-End Development • Back-End Development  • Data-Driven Web Applications • Software Architecture & Design  • Data-Driven Strategic Initiatives • Project Budget Tracking  • Time Management • Project Forecasting    Technical Skills  Frameworks/Tools: GraphQL, React, Angular, Express.js, Node.js, Flask, Rails, Jest    Languages: Python, Ruby, Typescript, Javascript, jQuery, Java, C, Bash, HTML5/CSS3    Databases: MySQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB