Creative Program Manager Creative Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> Boca Raton, FL Young professional with strong project management base developed through relevant project management position, contract positions and three industry internships seeking opportunity to leverage and advance skill set. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Creative Program Manager Office Depot OfficeMax - Boca Raton, FL October 2018 to Present Promoted from Creative Production Coordinator. Manage the creative process from conception to delivery for brand creative, inserts, flyers, direct mail, brochures, stanchions, web banners and more. Develop partnerships through multiple teams including marketing, merchandising and legal. Manage multiple projects and programs; create and implement timelines in a fast-paced environment.  Creative Production Coordinator Office Depot OfficeMax - Boca Raton, FL June 2017 to October 2018 Responsible for coordinating the creative process for retail, inserts and direct mail projects. Collaborated with marketing, merchandising and creative teams/leadership to deliver assets in a timely manner. Coordinated multiple projects simultaneously while prioritizing deadlines in a fast-paced environment. IT Project Coordinator Office Depot OfficeMax - Boca Raton, FL November 2016 to June 2017 Responsible for coordinating the creative process for retail, inserts and direct mail projects. Collaborated with marketing, merchandising and creative teams/leadership to deliver assets in a timely manner. Coordinated multiple projects simultaneously while prioritizing deadlines in a fast-paced environment. Education Masters of Business Administration in Marketing Florida Atlantic University - Boca Raton, FL August 2018 to Present Bachelor of Science in Business Administration in Marketing University of Central Florida - Orlando, FL August 2012 to August 2016 Skills Marketing, Excel, Outlook, Organizational Skills, Project Management, Mac OS X (2 years), Smartsheets (2 years), Scheduling, Management Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/haleymcameron Assessments Social Media — Expert July 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to create content, communicate online, and build a brand's reputation. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/uidh5z7xzh8fqpd1 Marketing — Expert July 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to understand your target audience and how to best communicate with them. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/siftwxxuex-pkgni Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.