Operations Manager / Co-Founder Operations <span class="hl">Manager</span> / Co-Founder Project Manager / Co-Founder New York, NY Charismatic and self-motivated, with excellent proven track record of managing large scale projects for multi-platform applications. Well versed technical experience in all aspects of SDLC framework in software application design, architecture, and development. Highly organized and effective at communicating with multi-functional teams. "Can-do" attitude with strong analytical and problem solving skills suited for a dynamic environment. Always ready to take on new challenges.    Fundamental Skills:  • Experienced product and project manager well versed in waterfall and agile (Scrum/Kanban)  methodologies.  • Leads by example and professional attitude  • Strong data analysis and effective research ability along with process optimization and  problem-solving skills  • Financial industry expertise including transaction and settlement processing, underwriting,  KYC, AFS and internal/external auditing.  • Distributive ledger technology knowledge and application experience that includes dApps,  Smart Contracts (Solidity), public blockchains (Ethereum, Ripple, Bitcoin).  • Experience in performing capital planning, budget allocation and financial modeling (M&A, LBO,  Forecasting, Budget) and funding proposals and financial Audit preparation.  • Set up plans and procedures to successfully integrate in-house resources (employees and TM  Consultants) and offshore/on shore outsourced services, utilizing project sourcing  methodologies ODC, ADC, LDC  • Comprehensive experience in business fundamentals, strategic planning, cash flow, marketing  and PR, resource allocation, clients and stakeholder relations.  • Diverse experience and background in information technology, computer systems, database  structures, hardware and firmware, cloud-based solutions and networking.  • Proven leadership skill; managed a technical staff of up to 40 people. Conduct regular meetings  with all team members on a group and an individual level.    Software:  | MS Office, Visual Studio | Adobe DC, Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign | cPanel, WHM | Asterisk PBX, Vici | Asana | Bitbucket | JIRA | CRM (Vtiger) | MangoDB | Java | HTML | Perl | Qlik | ACH (Forte, Pivotal) | QuickBooks | Work Experience Operations Manager / Co-Founder PrimeBall Ltd. - New York, NY December 2017 to Present Developed the business idea, project charter and a true-randomness algorithm for the raffle system of PrimeBall Ltd. Led a team of 30 through an adoptive life cycle of the project, with specific focus on concurrent engineering and Integrated change control. Increased company worth from an initial investment of $500K to valuation of $13.5M.    • Managed product development from developing business cases and initiating project groups to final testing and soft lunch of the product that includes Website (Node.js & Nginx) and API development, integration with blockchain, deployment of servers and firewall, PR & marketing campaigns and A/B testing.     • Developed game code logic to be integrated onto solidity-based platform (Ethereum)     • Lead the development of company brand and managed the design team for company related artwork (Website, platform UI, marketing collateral, email templates).     • Utilized Asana (PMIS) and Bitbucket to track progress and insure best performance, balanced work distribution, SDLC adherence and communication among multiple marketing and development teams (onsite and offsite).    • Conducted cost benefit analysis of the product and created 3-year/5-year financial model, the business plan, and the marketing plan for an investor deck to present to new funding partners. Project Manager / Co-Founder WorldBiz LLP - New York, NY September 2017 to March 2018 Implemented a value engineering method in creation of business model for a commodities trade platform between small and medium enterprises. Responsible for all phases of the WorldBiz project development, guiding technical, financial and business teams from initial scoping to MVP. Liaised with Kreston International on due diligence report and oversaw investor deck creation.     • Anticipated and managed team needs effectively in a rapidly evolving business environment by utilizing Agile methodology (Scrumban), to deliver White paper and Software Requirements Specification (SRS) for the WorldBiz project.     • Focused teams on project objectives and tracked progress to ensure project milestones, with a baseline budget of half a million dollars, are completed on time with the desired results.     • Maintained the integrity of the business idea throughout the SRS creation in order to ensure that the complex operational procedures were reflected accurately in software logic.     • Created forecasting model through regression analysis of financial and statistical data including global trade associated risk factors.     • Defined complex international trade processes for project teams via detailed roadmaps, plans and work breakdown structures, to ensure complete understanding and successful modeling of the product.     • Lead and/or participate in Executive/Management meetings, outlining process progress and change controls that may impact a timely completion of strategic project goals. IT Manager 800Fund LLC - New York, NY August 2016 to September 2017 Structured the company data and leveraged resource optimization techniques to effectively inform and consult stakeholders on work/portfolio performance, sunk costs and critical workflow junctions. Introduced IT solutions for the underwriting department in order to improve risk mitigation and normalized onboarding processes to help with managers workload.    • Established data-driven, informative decision-making infographics solution for the c-suite and equity partners.     • Lowered the risk of loan defaults from 33% to 12% by developing and implementing new metrics on market conditions and industry trends for use in the underwriting process.     • Developed company specific metrics and visualization of filtered data to Increase understanding of financial performance of the renewals and new deals. Subsequently used for cash-flow analysis during an internal audit.     • Achieved company cost savings in operations management through new cross-department technology training, performance analysis, guidelines, and interdepartmental workflow optimization.     • Optimized existing hiring and training process of new employees resulting in a significant drop of attrition rate and 50% reduction of orientation time. IT Specialist 800Fund LLC - New York, NY July 2015 to August 2016 • Set up a call center and back office for 100+ employees by setting up workstation hardware, cable plant, and server rack wiring. Installed necessary software for network security and workstations remote management.     • Provided technical support, troubleshooting, maintenance, and upgrades for all office related systems: Telephony, Dialer system, CRM, cPanel, WHM, OpenVPN, MS server 2012R, Dell Sonic Wall, and related applications/firmware/hardware.     • Consulted remote teams on adding, process automation and web builder features to 800Fund’s CRM system to optimize workflow and increase sales from 3 offsite offices of 20+ employees.     • Managed the development of internal SQL driven database to optimize visualization of underwriting statistics.    • Authored training materials and videos describing company workflow and associated technology to onboard new hires quickly.