Senior Program Manager Senior Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> Deputy Chief Information Officer Stafford, VA Summary  Over 15 years of proven experience in providing strategic IT direction and ensuring technology procedures and systems are in line with organizational goals with the Navy, Department of Defense, Department of State, Department of Justice and Department of Homeland Security. Over 20 years managing personnel, building, and leading teams of 4 – 100 members through a variety of programs, projects, exercises, and operations.     Active Top Secret – SCI clearance  DoD 8570 Information Assurance Manager III (IAM III) Compliant    Active Certifications  Project Management Professional (PMP) – Feb 2015  Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) – March 2013 Certified Scrum Product Owner (CSPO) – Sept 2017  ITIL Foundation v3 – Dec 2014   SAFe Agilist –Jan 2017    Education  Master of Science in Information Assurance, University of Maryland University College  Bachelor of Science in Cognitive Sciences, UCLA    IT Strategic Planning  Senior Program Manager for the 24 FTE Project Management Office and Software Development Teams at NCIS.  - Provided IT strategic consulting to the NCIS CIO and the Director of Application Development.  - Directed the implementation of a data archival system and development of a witness evidence collection system.    Navy Cyber Security Workforce (CSWF) Program Manager  - Managed the Navy’s CSWF program for over 3,000 Civilian and military members. Responsible for the training, certification, resource planning, and budgeting for the entire Navy’s IT related specialty fields.  - Member of the Information Assurance Workforce Improvement Program Executive Steering Committee and developed the updated DoD 85701.M and its successor, DOD 8140.    IT Management  - Division head responsible for the 45 FTE IT division and provided IT technical guidance to the CIO.  - Project Management Office Team Lead at FBI responsible for the design/build of a customized evidence collection system, a COOP data storehouse solution, and network architecture and security upgrades.    Leadership  - Served as a Naval Nuclear Engineer from 1991 to 2015, Team Leader, Division Head, Department Head, Deputy Department Head, Deputy Division Head, and multiple tiger teams.  - Project Manager, Deputy Program Manager, Program Manager, Senior Program Manager, 1999 – Present. Executed IT Projects as small as desktop support services through the standup of agency wide Cybersecurity initiatives.  - Served on the Staffs of five Navy Admirals and have since advised C level executives at every opportunity since. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior Program Manager CACI International Inc - Chantilly, VA October 2018 to Present DHS – Senior Program Manager    Service Delivery Manager leading matrixed teams of 20-30 FTEs, responsible for the implementation of the Continuous Diagnostic and Mitigation (CDM) program at US Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) and Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA).     • Directs the team in implementing the suite of CDM tools across the component environment.  • Provides strategic direction in the development of Information Technology and related Security Management processes and procedures to support the CDM architecture.  • Identifies and tracks risks to the components cybersecurity posture and develop mitigation plans  • Advises the CACI senior managers and project managers of customer demands and analyze risks involved in responding to customer demands.   • Provides analyses and development of weekly documents, presentations, reports, and briefings for the Department of Homeland Security Chief Information Officer and her staff.  • Provides analyses and development of documents, presentations, reports, and briefings for the component Chief Information Security Officer and Chief Privacy Officer. Senior Program Manager CACI International Inc - Quantico, VA February 2018 to October 2018 NCIS – Senior Program Manager    Program Manager supporting the NCIS Information Technology Directorate. As the Program Manager, responsible for leading a team of 24 FTEs in managing IT projects, application development and management, and IT security and accreditation.     • Provided technical and strategic Information Technology and Cybersecurity guidance to the CIO and director of application development.  • Provided advice on new technologies and capabilities to help shape the customer’s IT environment.  • Lead the development of Cybersecurity tools and process to automate deployment of vulnerability detection and patching.  • Interfaced directly with organizational customers and the Contracting Officer’s Representative to ensure products and services exceeded their expectations.   • Worked with customer to assess their objectives and priorities to ensure resource skill sets and experience align to maintain contract deliverables on schedule. IT Project Manager FBI November 2016 to November 2017 Provide project management and IT expertise for the development of the Project Management Office. Created a standardized method of formal project management to unify efforts across the Information Technology Branch, including standard Waterfall and Agile development compliant templates, and executive level governance. Directed the development of a branch Project Portfolio Management Program.  Specific tasks:  •define project scope, objectives, staffing, resources and deliverables  •develop project plans that identify key issues, approaches and performance metrics  •plan and schedule project timelines and milestones  •formulate risk management plans  •assemble and coordinate multi-disciplinary project teams  •lead and mentor up to 10 project staff  •manage vendor relationships including negotiating and controlling contracts  •track project deliverables  •monitor quality assurance measures  •control project variances through root cause analysis and correction  •implement and manage project changes and interventions  •manage and control project budgets  •develop and present reports on project progress  •maintain communication with project stakeholders and manage expectations  •evaluate projects and assess results  •closeout projects and develop lessons learned for future projects. IT Project Manager Department of Veterans Affairs - Quantico, VA August 2016 to November 2016 Responsible for management of all phases of client IT service projects. Provided IT project management expertise for two projects, transition to cloud based storage, and implementation of PKI to website user access management. Project Engineer Defense Technology Information Center May 2016 to August 2016 Provide project management and IT expertise to the various DTIC divisions. Responsible for interacting with internal and external customers to develop requirements, find solutions, then oversee development, execution, and certification of those products. Oversaw the development of various IT security solutions including a privileged account management system and a JAVA security update and configuration management system. Project Management Office (PMO) Task Lead FBI August 2015 to May 2016 Contractor for Booz Allen Hamilton. Lead the PMO. Responsible for managing four operational IT systems used to support the FBI's intelligence collection mission. Manages program processes, including requirements, communications, financial, acquisition, risk, issue, schedule, configuration, change, earned value management, and strategic planning. Provides day-to-day leadership of the onsite contract staff in the management of PMO processes and the contract task execution for a small technical team. Works with client management and the Booz Allen program manager to oversee the contract and deliverables. Supports data calls from the client's executive leadership and ad hoc client tasking. Manages new software development projects from conception to implementation. USAID - Deputy Program Manager Information Assurance April 2015 to August 2015 Contractor for Foxhole Technology. Managed 26 Information Assurance department personnel implementing management practices to support innovation, efficiency, and quality from the teams covering Governance, Risk Management, Privacy, Plans and Policy, Incident Management, Americans with Disabilities Act (Section 508), Security Engineering, and Training. Maintained project management tools and databases and provided program performance, strategy and status reports on a daily, weekly, and monthly basis. Represented Foxhole Technologies as the prime contractor and interfaced directly with organizational customers and the Contracting Officer's Representative to ensure products and services met their needs, and any issues with customer satisfaction were resolved promptly. Selected and hired staff, tracked certification, and provided training and development of program staff. Provided Analyses and development of documents, presentations, reports, and briefings for the Chief Information Security Officer and Chief Privacy Officer. Assessed goals and objectives, determined contract activity priorities, and assigned resources as needed to maintain contract deliverables on schedule. Education Master of Science in Computer Systems Management - Information Assurance University of Maryland, University College Bachelors of Science in Cognitive Sciences UCLA Skills Program Management (10+ years), Project Management (10+ years), It Project Management (10+ years), Leadership Development (10+ years), Team Building (10+ years), Sharepoint Designer (5 years), Portfolio Management (1 year), PMP, PMI Links http://www.linkedin.com/pub/ken-romo/6/a4/b0b Military Service Branch: US Navy Service Country: United States Rank: Lieutenant Commander August 1991 to February 2015 Retired with an Honorable discharge. Also a service disabled veteran. Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) Certified Scrum Product Owner (CSPO) ITIL v3