IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager Washington, DC Project Manager and IT Professional looking for work in the greater Washington, DC area. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager SONOCO - Hartsville, SC June 2016 to August 2016 Agile Management. Created full scale project plan, schedule, and reports for a global, complex IT project deployment for 2,000+  employees and over $25M USD of annual travel spend. Drove consistent progress of the deployment through multiple iterations by coordinating with project teams and a data center, ensuring quality assurance of project deliverables.  • User Acceptance Testing. Methodically debugged software in a virtual sandbox while creating and implementing Alpha testing  with 10 employees. This resulted in fixing 5 critical design faults and enabling project to continue on schedule.  • Problem Solving. Came in to support a planning team in crisis with a failing product, created a $20M USD strategic sourcing  project plan in five days reducing 129 pallet suppliers to two suppliers across 107 plants domestically. Program Manager (Captain) U.S. ARMY - McChord AFB, WA September 2014 to April 2015 Program Management. Managed and led a matrixed team of technical resources that implemented multiple concurrent projects  across a 2,000 person organization. Completed projects resulted in organizational restructuring and realignment of 200+  personnel, the demobilization of $40M USD of equipment, and training for 300+ personnel.  • Stakeholder Management. Briefed and presented deliverables weekly to military CEO, CFO, COO, and CIO equivalents on financial forecasts, Earned Value Management, and logistics resulting in strong senior client relationships. Battery Commander (Captain) U.S. Army - McChord AFB, WA June 2014 to August 2014 Adaptation and Problem Solving. With less than 48 hours notice, planned, led, and executed a complex live fire exercise with Air Force aviation and Army rocket launchers across two states in four days, producing delivery excellence for the customer. Battalion Logistical Officer (Captain) U.S. Army - McChord AFB, WA September 2012 to April 2014 Global Supply Chain and Process Management. Established reliable logistical operations at a facility south of Dubai from November 2013-April 2014. Directed supply flows via truck from Abu Dhabi and container ship from Jebel Ali (port). Managed over 10 government contracts in excess of $10M USD with contractors of disparate national and cultural backgrounds. IT Project Manager (Lieutenant) U.S. Army - Fort Stewart, GA February 2010 to December 2011 Agile Management and Consulting. Created the master project plan and implemented a complex IT development project across a 3,500+ Army Brigade in a DARPA joint venture. Produced status reports and deliverables, managed geographically dispersed teams in three states and Iraq, and briefed stakeholders on a weekly basis. Education Master of Business Administration in Project Management THE GEORGE WASHINGTON UNIVERSITY, School of Business - Washington, DC May 2017 Bachelor of Science in Military History UNITED STATES MILITARY ACADEMY - West Point, NY May 2007 Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/dpepple Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) January 2017