IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Fort Myers, FL Hello to all (:   If you can take a few moments to read through my resume yes you'll see things that jump off the page at you. What can I say I am a very driven young woman who wants to build a future for myself in operations or corporate IT. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager V Tec Support - N Fort Myers, FL January 2016 to Present Tier 3 Technical Support  Jan 2016- Current  I manage a whole project of people from regular agents, to TM's, CRM's, to upper management. I make the lunch and break schedules along with issuing the lunches, breaks, and making sure the agents follow their schedules to adherence.   - Compiling data sheets on agents for statistical matter that is beneficial to TM's , CRM's such as: AVG Handle Time, AVG Talk Time, AVG # of Calls, AVG Calls Actually Taken, ETC. This is for agent improvement and statistical growth.   - Keeping track of the statistics and constantly monitoring to make sure things are running properly.   - Creating and designing strategies to increase sales and lower talk time and handle time.  - Lowering CPC/CPA and increasing conversions   -Strong proficiency in Google Drive, Spreadsheets, Google Docs, producing reports, presentations, etc  - I implement extreme communication skills and poise on the floor. I let my agents and staff know what they need to do exactly when they need to do it. IT Floor Supervisor Alorica - Fort Myers, FL August 2016 to February 2017 My job description was to manage agents, what there breaks, lunches, I made sure that agents were adhearing to company policy. Issuing write ups, making sure agents are using the equipment properly. Analyzing agent performance vs agent statistics and determining whether or not the meet company standard. Escalations Help Desk Manager US Cellular/Sprint - Huntington, WV August 2014 to August 2016 I served two lovely years at this position where I:  - Provided excellent customer service skills and sending a multitude of our management staff based on WORK PWRFORMANCE they got send to a corporate "up training" in a separate state  - Multitasked different systems (Word, Excel, Outlook) along with different situations under extreme pressure   - Advanced computer skills, the ability to troubleshoot complex and technical skills under pressure   -Produced the highest QA scores within the district   -Typing over 190 wpm   -Over 2 1/2 years of SR Management experience prior Floor Supervisor Khol's - Fresno, CA February 2014 to July 2015 Feb 2014-July 2015  Retail actually took me places, this place opened their arms wide open and scooped me up. I started off as a customer service representative to moving my way up. So I'll explain a little of what I did so it explains why I was promoted so quickly.   -I was in charge of sales and implementing programs on the store merchandising. Updating the overall look of the store. Placing associates by strategic scheduling which areas needed most work so the overall upkeep of the store would look "appealing" to the eye to drive sales.   - Hitting extreme sales numbers, the system I had implemented worked really well with our staff method making our store at the time #2 in the District.   - I actually had more of a technology background so when the associates had issues using our smart technology equipment such as an: RF, Bluebird, kiosk etc. I would help with hands on training/side by side visual so the associates could operate their machine with ease.   -I facilitated manpower and payroll, making sure the operational expenses needs are being hit and maintained. Also I push above so we as a company had a fall back just in case sales might have been irregular.   -At our district meetings I keep an open book for oppertunities with nearby stores like my own that collaboration to see what works best there for what worked here. Strategizing with colleagues to improve on the overall structured proformance of and for the company Education MBA in IT Operations Management Fresno Institute of Technology - Fresno, CA June 2014 to Present BSIT in Computer Science / IT Technology Marshall University August 2013 to January 2017 Skills Technical Support (5 years), All Microsoft Programs: Excel, Outlook, Word (5 years), Installing/Removing Computer Software (5 years), Call Center Management (5 years) Awards Top Collector 2015-11 I collected over $ 750,000 in financial services, in just 4 months. Which I was the first the company had to accomplish this goal. They promoted me from a floor agent to a Help Desk Manager/Supervisor. Additional Information When I get called into work for a particular job I am normally called in as a fire fighter. Metaphorically that means I'm there to fix the biggest problem, the back half. The number deficit, or the break in trend that can't increase sales. I will work diligently to fight as quickly and as hard as I can to save the building from crumbling down.