Corporate IT Project Manager Corporate <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Corporate IT Project Manager - Baptist Health Shepherdsville, KY Work Experience Corporate IT Project Manager Baptist Health - Louisville, KY March 2018 to Present • Manage enterprise level projects within an eight-hospital system.  • Upgrade of Powerscribe 360 to latest software version and new infrastructure across eight  hospitals.  • Implemented Dragon Medical One, a cloud-based medical voice-dictation application, across eight hospitals.  • Upgraded Dragon Medical Network Edition (DMNE) to version 2.7.4 across seven hospitals.  • Lead the integration of CBORD, a dietary application, and new infrastructure at Baptist Health  Floyd.  • Held a position on the core team of the IT PMO Process Improvement Initiative to enhance  project intake, governance, and efficiency.  • Managed subprojects of the IT PMO Process Improvement Initiative including the construction of an interactive portal to capture all IT project and Epic enhancement requests.  • Participated in an internal focus group concentrating on continuous improvement to develop IT  PMO documentation, templates, and processes.  • Project Management duties included maintaining and creating project plans, leading weekly  meetings for updates and milestone reporting, weekly Stakeholder updates, go-live oversight,  transition to operations, and project closure.  • Maintain documentation including risk and issues log, communication plan, and project  SharePoint site. Project Management Team Coordinator Baptist Health - Louisville, KY June 2016 to March 2018 • Microsoft SharePoint Administrator, including significant development work.  • Built a project reporting tool within SharePoint used to track all IT projects and programs  throughout the IT department.  • Member of the IT SharePoint Advisory and Governance Board to promote the direction and execution of SharePoint initiatives.  • Performed quality control audits to monitor the Project Management team's work performance  and organization.  • Implemented the RetinaVue Network, a diabetic retina scanner, at three Baptist Health Medical  Group facilities.  • Assisted with orientation and onboarding new Project Managers. IS Intern, Project Management Baptist Health - Louisville, KY February 2015 to June 2016 • Assisted in managing Project Management team documentation and SharePoint site, focusing on an Executive Summary spreadsheet and administration of Microsoft Project Server.  • Produced reports and dashboards used to drive project status and portfolio review meetings.  • Worked with project and portfolio managers on compliance, templates, and reporting.  • Regularly updated the project tracking system to ensure accurate data was reflected.  • Performed miscellaneous tasks vital to the Project Managers and the Portfolio Manager. Education Bachelor of Arts in Communications University of Louisville - Louisville, KY December 2017 Skills PMP, Project Management, Information Technology, PM Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) Driver's License