Assisting and supporting the Project Manager Assisting and supporting the <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Assisting and supporting the Project Manager Dickinson, TX My objective is to be a part of a growing company that will allow me to utilize my abilities and experience to increase and improve the company's productivity and reputation. I have ability to learn and use what I have learned to progress fast and efficiently- to apply myself and conquer the task(s) at hand. I have many life experiences that help me work under high pressure circumstances and I have always obtained my goals set forth by management. There is always a solution for any problems that may arise and with my experience; it is my goal to overcome those problems with the correct solution. Work Experience Assisting and supporting the Project Manager ISC Group 2014 to 2015 As a member of ISC Group, I had an amazing opportunity to work as a member of a 350MM project. I was responsible for overseeing and coordinating the day to day running of sub- projects, manpower and materials. I also had the pleasure of assisting the Project Managers and Senior Leadership on day-to-day activities. Some of my other job responsibilities include the following:    • Assisting and supporting the Project Manager in their daily duties  • Ensuring that relevant management information is captured and analyzed  • Providing project support to senior Project Managers  • Reviewing the efficiency and effectiveness of service delivery  • Responsible for handling the projects finances  • Acting as administrative support to Project Managers and Directors on projects by identifying issues, analyzing, prioritizing and mitigating them  • Writing up documentation and maintaining documents for payroll, purchase orders, drawings, and any other required documents  • Through the organization of meetings, I was able to communicate with project manager to report on project status, resolving any financial queries that are raised. I was involved in Coordinating projects from inception to completion  • Developed training and briefing material for staff. Involved in interpreting performance data and translate this into practical improvements  • Use of computers including Programs such as Microsoft Works, Microsoft Outlook, Excel and Viewpoint. Used knowledge of networking and internet to purchase supplies from various companies, while building a relationship between the company's we provided service or ordered from Intertek 2013 to 2014 shipping and receiving for Intertek laboratory, safely transporting hazardous chemicals from plants and labs. Part of my job included:    • I was a valued member for my astute ability to interact with co-workers and customers alike  • Maintaining chemicals in stock, maintaining cylinders and lab equipment  • I was able to get forklift certified  • Logged in samples, adding testing, and understanding job orders, filling out paperwork,  • Built an understanding of SDS/MSDS and how it relates to job safety and compliance  • Use of computers including programs such as Microsoft Works, Microsoft Outlook and Sample Manager Houston VA Regional Office - Houston, TX 2010 to 2010 VA Regional Office IT intern Houston VA Regional Office - Houston, TX 2010 to 2010 In my time there I quickly learned my job as part of their IT team. I have developed my computer skills quicker than they would imagine an intern would have, as a part of their team I have help complete tasks in well over a timely manner. My boss Christina Sampson was impressed with the consistent motivation to stay busy, adapt to conduct multiple tasks and immaculate attendance. In my efforts to continue my knowledge in computers she has recommended me for a scholarship.    • Answered IT tickets in a timely manner  • Government rated hard drive swipes  • Inventory including in processing new equipment, current equipment, and old equipment  • Did virus scans of confidential data coming in to the VA and recording for data tracking purposes  • Set up equipment for new employees as well as upgraded equipment with old employees  • Troubleshooting equipment  • Audited equipment  • Conducted large scale moves  • Conducted software and hardware installation  • Installed Printers, Personal Computers, Scanners, Phones, Barcode Scanners, etc Mi-tech 2005 to 2005 and Powell Electric  I worked as an Electrician Mi-tech and Powell Electric. In my first year on the floor I have worked on many (PCR) Power Control Buildings. I studied and learned about our products and installation methods in order to become a great industrial electrician and auditor in the company. I have to expand my general knowledge in becoming more familiar with technology. United States Army 2003 to 2005 I served my country in Iraq, as an infantry solder. I was part of a team, driving Bradley personnel carrier, in which requires a great amount of communication within the team to survive in a combat zone. I learned how to work as a unit to conduct raids, assaults, and provide security for my fellow combatants. I have driven heavy machinery, such as a Bradley personnel carrier, 5 tons, and 113 (personnel carrier). Education B.A. in Information Technology Police Academy, Alvin Community College 2011 to 2013 A.A.S. in Information Security San Jacinto College Central 2006 to 2011 Alvin High School 1999 to 2003 University of Houston Clear Lake