Scrum Master Scrum Master North Andover, MA ? 5 years' experience managing projects: core PM skills of facilitation, requirements gathering, writing and developing operational models and processes,  providing solutions and leading cross functional teams using Scrum and Agile. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Scrum Master Rapid 7 - Boston, MA November 2017 to Present Facilitate sprint planning, daily scrums, retrospectives, stakeholder meetings, and software demonstrations.  ? Protect development team from outside distractions, impediments or team conflicts, and maintain focus on product backlog and project timeline.  ? Work closely with project owner in backlog management and continuous delivery of features.  ? Educate and reinforce scrum methodology and agile framework to team members and key stakeholders.  ? Direct and lead development team from project initiation through the delivery of final product  ? Tracked and managed product backlog, burndown metrics, velocity, and task breakdown.  ? Coached new scrum team and trained global teams, which resulted in reduced process waste caused by lack of common understanding.  ? Enabled improvement in team delivery commitments and capacity planning for sprints by identifying & tracking hidden tasks that increased customer  satisfaction.  ? Improved team velocity by incorporating capacity planning into sprint planning sessions.  ? Facilitated team Retrospectives to build good working relationships among the internal and contractor agile teams globally. Retrospectives resulted in increased productivity and delivery as well as built trust amongst the team.  ? Implemented Pair Programming method when onboarding new contractors with more experienced developers to ensure quick ramp up and knowledge  transfer to ensure minimal impact to production time. Scrum Master/Senior IT Project Coordinator Liberty Mutual - Portsmouth, NH May 2016 to November 2017 Acting as both Product Owner and Scrum Master, managed and maintained the JIRA scrum and kanban boards for the project. Held daily scrum calls with team to track progress and identify blockers. Facilitated meetings with stakeholders and remediated any issues to ensure team could progress with sprint.  ? Developed and facilitated sprint reviews and retrospectives to management. Worked with team to ensure sprint stories had been accurately depicted and team was able to speak to progress and any blockers.  ? An operational requirement was to develop processes and document them to serve the various markets within the organization. Developed, drafted,  defined and documented the IBM Guardium operational runbook to be utilized by the Guardium administrators and operational teams.  ? In addition, analyzed, defined and documented the business processes and user requirements in accordance with existing policies and procedures using  OneNote.  ? Discussed with end users and prepared project reports and presentations for the monthly steering committee meeting to present status to senior staff.  ? Responsible for engagement tracking, acting as liaison between business markets and technical team.  ? Work closely with the developers, database administrators and technical team during project phase.  ? Analyzed business and user needs, documented requirements, and revised as needed.  ? Prepared detailed requirements, scope documents and process flowcharts for the development and implementation of Guardium processes.  ? Identified the gaps within the current process flows and clearly documented and communicated to project and management team.  ? Ensured complex project requirements are executable, testable, complete and not ambiguous.  ? Closely worked with the system admins and the operations lead to prepare the various PowerPoint presentations to discuss with internal business  partners.  ? Facilitated various meetings to resolve the critical issues and clearly set the expectations of each participant in the meeting.  ? Interacted closely with End users to understand and gather the business needs and requirements.  ? Facilitated and managed meeting sessions with users and SMEs to review business requirement capture and ensure all project engagements were  moving.  ? Coordinated and led technical trainings and calls. Point of contact with IBM vendor. Global Commercial Project Manager Thermo Fisher Scientific - Tewksbury, MA November 2014 to May 2016 Served as a liaison between commercial team and various business functional teams by assisting in identifying, understanding, resolving and documenting business needs.  ? Created and reviewed business requirements, functional specifications, project schedules, documentation and test plans.  ? Rendered support to business units developing tests and training materials from requirements documentation.  ? Lead discussions with business users to understand the requirements and ensure the requirements are correctly satisfied and addressed by Salesforce  System.  ? Identified and documented business rules, created detailed Use Cases and conducted User Training for Salesforce enterprise rollout.  ? Used SharePoint for documentation of various commercial functions.  ? Organized business and end user meetings for discovery, business needs gathering and gap analysis.  ? Assisted in development of training materials for new technology and process improvements.  ? Recognized potential areas where existing business services, policies and procedures require change, or where new ones need to be developed, and made recommendations.  ? Successfully completed and implemented 39 projects throughout the business unit.  ? Obtained PPI Process Manager Certification November 2015.  ? Coordinated events for business unit both on and off site including development of event timelines, agendas, registration management, develop and distribute post event surveys, and analyze responses. Work closely with marketing and senior management to execute events within budget and scope.  ? Work closely with sales teams and channels on marketing and product communications, development of processes to drive best practices globally  ensuring customers' needs are met.  ? Analyze key metrics related to existing market share and how to increase share globally. Global Operations & Project Coordinator Thermo Fisher Scientific July 2013 to November 2014 Provided sales and operations support to Global Safety and Security team of 10+ sales managers covering Europe, Asia, Latin America, and local, state, and federal government  ? Generated and submitted quotes via Salesforce.com direct to customers as well as through GSA vehicles such as ebuy and FedBid.  ? Delivered timely and accurate forecast to Director of Global S&S weekly. Tracked booked and shipped orders collaborating with operations, production, and shipping.  ? Prepared marketing and product management support related to product release, workshops, trade shows and conferences.  ? Provided training to federal, military and state and local agencies as well as provide booth support as required at over a dozen workshops and tradeshows a year.  ? Trained incoming employees on processes, systems, and coordinated all product training and onboarding. Education Bachelors of Art in Interior Architecture Massachusetts College of Art 2010 Skills SECURITY (1 year) Certifications/Licenses CSM April 2018 to April 2020 Additional Information ? Communication Skills: Excellent communicator with a direct and clear communication style that builds trust with upstream business stakeholders,  technical, and commercial teams alike. An active listener and strong facilitator with the ability to bring order out of chaos.  ? Industries: Data Security, Insurance, Military/Government, Academia, Contract Office Furniture