UX Consulatant/ Project Manager UX Consulatant/<span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager - Artful Wisdom Inc Bronx, NY To be a great asset to your company. I obtain a profuse set of skills within I.T. and Design. With my methodical and detail-oriented state of mind, every effort I put forward is data-driven and produces promising results while discovering any errors unnecessary to your success. I’m confident that I can aid you within making a brighter future for your company. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience UX Consulatant/ Project Manager Artful Wisdom Inc - New York, NY April 2015 to Present -Creating User flows, Storyboards, and Personas based on Competitive Analysis and current web trends.  - Producing Work flows and wire-frames for multitude of various interfaces via Desktop, Tablet, or Smartphone.  - Obtaining improved metrics on projects through Google analytics via site visits, heat maps, and conversations.  - Creating Case Studies to showcase the improved metrics, the innovative design and functionality of our results. Vendor Dispatcher/Troubleshooter Same Day Delivery Inc - New York, NY July 2014 to Present -Dispatching routes to couriers using Google integrated Dispatch-Courier Software  -Training Couriers to operate Google integrated Dispatch-Courier app   -Managing Vehicle operations, filing accident reports and Staging Vehicle for daily operations  -Provide User/Courier Testing to Enhance the Usability of the Dispatch-Courier software/app  -Testing myself the Dispatching Software provided through Google   -Data-Driven Evaluation of Couriers Performance   -Staging Locations for Quick Responsive Rescues for Couriers  - IT Support for Couriers  -Google Dispatch-Courier app Troubleshooting IT Technician Self-Employed - New York, NY May 2013 to July 2014 Software Installations.  - Hardware upgrades, ram updates, hard drive upgrades and video card installation.  - PC/Laptop Repair, screen replacement, fan installation, and virus removal.  - Various experience using "TeamViewer" to remotely maintain clients' pc/laptops. Education Regent Diploma in Computer Science Christopher Columbus High School - Bronx, NY 2008 to 2012