Systems Engineer Systems Engineer Systems Engineer - Thermo Fisher Scientific Battle Creek, MI I am seeking a full-time position in the field of Software Development, Web Design, Systems Engineering, Programmer Analyst, Embedded controls, or Network/ IT related where I can apply my knowledge and skills to be a highly motivated and productive employee. Work Experience Systems Engineer Thermo Fisher Scientific - Portage, MI November 2011 to Present Support Customer Laboratory Information Systems (LIS) with technical difficulties and troubleshooting. Considered Company expert in this field  • Installation of Lab Community, our remote connectivity software, which provides support and analysis. Create connection through hospitals secure network to a remote, secure server.  • Create Visual Basic forms and programs to increase customer productivity and create automatic installations/upgrades  • Provide customer support with instrument software and data manager software  • In-house LIS manager/administrator providing daily support and validation of laboratory tests performed by staff. Also created written documentation of procedure and daily workflow.  • Provide alpha and beta testing of software developed before release to customer. Create upgrade/installation package for entire US market companies.  • Developed mobile and stand-alone training application used by Field Service Engineers around the globe, and endorsed as a standard by our Center of Excellence. IT Project Manager Allegiant International - Auburn, IN October 2010 to November 2011 Developed website(25 total pages) which included PHP scripts and flash  • Created web reporting system for General Motors, used by all 15,000 suppliers of GM  • Managed and created all email accounts for employees  • Troubleshoot common network and computer problems  • Purchased and set-up Windows systems on laptops  • Created and managed all aspects of Social Media, including Facebook, Twitter, Wordpress, LinkedIn, and SlideShare Network Administrator Intern Vestil Manufacturing - Angola, IN September 2008 to January 2009 Solved common network errors and user problems  • Repaired hardware errors and physical network errors  • Purchased needed computers and network devices Education Master of Systems Engineering Penn State University World Campus January 2013 to Present B.S. in Computer Science Trine University - Angola, IN March 2007 to December 2011 Additional Information Technical skills  Languages  • Proficient in: Java, C++, C, Assembly, HTML, CSS, MySQL, PHP, MS Office '10 & '07, .NET  • Familiar with: C#, Javascript, VHDL, WinSoc, AJAX, Web 2.0  Software & Technologies  • Database: MySQL and Access  • Platforms: Microsoft Windows and Mac OSX  • Other: Adobe Creative Suite, Microsoft Visual Studio 2010, ASP.NET, Eclipse IDE, Netbeans IDE, QT Creator IDE, MySQL Workbench 5.5