Sr. IT Project Manager Sr. <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Senior Project Manager East Chicago, IN Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr. IT Project Manager Insight Global - Atlanta, GA May 2018 to Present ·       Develops project schedule using MS Project and Zoho.   ·       Managed project to migrate all Insight Global offices (46) from CenturyLink to AT&T for back-up internet.   ·       Managed company-wide MS Sharepoint migration from on-prem to cloud.   ·       Managed firewall cleanup project on 2 data centers from initiation to close.   ·       Managed clean-up and optimization of Great Plains financial software.   ·       Managing the IT infrastructure implementation of several new offices across several states.   ·       Created and maintained project document templates to coordinate infrastructure related activities.   ·       Prepares weekly status reports and conducts project reviews with senior management utilizing PowerPoint and Excel.   ·       Negotiates contracts with vendors as needed.   ·       Provides Project Management for cross-functional projects spanning multiple teams.  Technical Project Manager Utillity Associates - Decatur, GA April 2018 to May 2018 • Directly responsible for ensuring the success of the overall deployment of assigned projects. Manage assigned  projects from kickoff to customer acceptance.  • Follow defined deployment process and workflow ensuring proper documentation and reporting of status for assigned projects within project management software.  • Lead the customer through the standard workflow processes ensuring project schedules are maintained while updating all required project management assets with status on a timely basis throughout the implementation  process.  • Upon completion of the deployment portion of the project, ensure proper documentation is complete, in order to successfully transition the project to Support and Client Success Teams.  • Manage third party partners for assigned projects to include logistics and subcontractors teams. Project Manager Power Design Resources - Atlanta, GA January 2017 to March 2018 • Oversaw and managed all aspects of Lighting Projects including selection, procurement and distribution for lighting fixtures on construction projects.  • Planned and scheduled lighting and fixture resources to meet project milestones and budget.  • Collaborated with management to define project scope, goals and deliverables to support business objectives.  • Executed sourcing and procurement strategies to achieve the best value for the organization and customer.  • Managed vendor certification and selection process while identifying opportunities for cost reductions and enhanced pricing to customers internally and externally.  • Managed projects on time and on budget while developing ways to streamline and improve project processes and protocols. IT Infrastructure Project Manager/ IT Manager Gordon Food Service - Douglasville, GA November 2013 to October 2016 • Collected requirements from key stakeholders via Personal Interviews and Focus Groups.  • Articulated project goals and scope, translated business needs into technical terms, prepared detailed work  breakdown structures (WBS) and instilled shared accountability for achieving project milestones.  • Utilized Critical Chain buffering to guard against uncertainty when developing schedule.  • Created cost-benefit analyses and ROI assessments that were used as the basis for decision-making on proposed IT implementation projects.  • Planned and participated in the development, installation, configuration, and testing of new products and improvements to computer systems.  • Designed, configured, and tested computer hardware as well as network and operating system software.  • Leveraged technical and business acumen to communicate effectively with customers and stakeholders.  • Planned and participated in the development, installation, configuration, and testing of new products and improvements to computer systems.  • Worked extensively with ERP systems and platforms; Oracle Fusion Warehouse Management System (WMS),  Lawson, SharePoint and OnBase, as well as IAM systems; CA Technology and Symantec.  • Coordinated and implemented a variety of information and communication technologies; telecommunication  systems; video conferencing; and teleconferencing systems.  • Delivered project needs on time and within the agreed acceptance criteria in a hybrid methodology environment as they attempted to transition to an Agile Methodology.  • Practiced backlog grooming, release and sprint planning, daily standups, impediment removal  • Tracked and reported on project progress. Education Master of Science in CSM Georgia State University - J. Mack Robinson College August 2014 Bachelors of Arts in Project Management Institute Georgia State University - Atlanta, GA August 2012 Skills IT INFRASTRUCTURE (5 years), BENEFITS (Less than 1 year), BENEFITS ANALYSIS (Less than 1 year), CRM (3 years), CUSTOMER RELATIONSHIP MANAGEMENT (3 years), PMP (6 years), CSM (3 years), PM (10+ years) Military Service Branch: USAF Service Country: United States Rank: E-4 January 1996 to January 2000 Satellite and Wideband Communications Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) Driver's License Additional Information SKILLS SUMMARY    Project Management Web-Based Applications (Asana, Google)  System Development Life Cycle (SDLC) Requirements Analysis  Business and IT Planning (ITIL) Cross Functional Supervision  Agile Resource Planning  IT Infrastructure Cost Benefits Analysis  Security (IAM) Networks  CRM (CA Technologies, LANDesk, NetSuite) Operations and Maintenance    Summary of Qualifications    PMI certified Project Management Professional (PMP) with over 5 years of project management, quality assurance,  opportunity and threat assessment, and communications skills acquired in a spectrum of private sector consumer situations,  coupled with a Master of Science Degree in Information Systems. Able to work with management and key stakeholders to  interpret business strategy and translate strategies into goals and action items for the project management office.