Job Seeker Melbourne, FL 20+ year military veteran. Information Technology Project Manager with 18 years of IT experience and over 10 years' extensive knowledge and proficiency in ensuring that efficiency, quality control, safety, and other standards are being met at all times. Expert in enforcing and establishing standards, policies, and protocols for common practices within the IT process. Proven leadership, mentorship and strategic direction pertaining to IT products, processes, applications and technology. Able to report to management on production levels and optimization with a thorough knowledge of safety standards and quality assurance practices. I am an ambitious person with excellent oral and written communication skills, detailed oriented and a great team player with the ability to challenge the status quo. Work Experience Centech Group - Patrick Afb, FL 2017 to Present IT Project Manager 2017 to Present 1 of 7 producing project managers in my work center in last 21 months.  • Coordination and completion of 8 projects on time within budget and within scope.  • Completed AFTAC's two top priorities between Windows 10 upgrade & AFTAC 2.3 moves.  • Directed a deployment & transition to Microsoft Windows 10 Secure Host Baseline on all systems to strengthen cyber security with 25 members affecting over 2500 machines.  • Schedules & assigns personnel, establishes priorities, monitors progress, revises schedules, resolves problems, uses sound judgment to generate and evaluate alternatives, and make recommendations and reports results to upper level leaders. Manager IT Support Air Force Technical Applications Center 2015 to 2017 operations and 95 personnel to reach production deadlines.  • Train and oversee staff, including in safety and regulatory compliance.  • Adjust schedules, obtain materials, maintain equipment, and improve product flow.  • Track analyze, forecast, and report on budgets and goals.  • Plans/coordinates/manages training for 401 airmen; upgrade/qualification/professional development programs.  • Oversees training records; advises director on unit and individual education and training programs.  • Monitors task progression, identifies training problem areas, and analyzes root causes/recommends corrections.  • Maintains 32 local & wide-area networks interconnecting over 150 pieces of complex networking equipment.  • Oversees trouble ticket management; coordinates tech support to troubleshoot and restore network outages.  • Maintains network config management enabling $380M US Atomic Energy Detection System's ops.  • Supervises subordinates; trains/certifies network professionals on local job qualification tasks.  • Responsible for hard-wired and VPN connections to 300 remote AFTAC sites world-wide. Air Force Technical Applications Center - Patrick Afb, FL 2011 to 2017 Manager of Network Infrastructure Air Force Technical Applications Center 2011 to 2015 Managed 8 personnel responsible for $36M nuke mission's 115 links, 220 sites, 33 countries, 7 continents with a 99.9% uptime rate.  • Led 3 member contract bidding team; keyed launch of 104 site network; advanced $66M national seismic monitoring missions.  • Headed $16K IT support; fortified 22 firewalls/143 network devices; enabled national cyber site remote-admin capability.  • Drove DoD directed network expansion; linked 204 systems & 104 mission partners with $15M Joint Research & Development mission.  • Managed 48 sites/2.2K data portals; directly aided North Korea nuclear event detection; direct President of the United States operations view.  • Directed $13M SATCOM network overhaul; 49 global sites/networks migrated; zero vital data lost Education Bachelor of Science in Information Technology Barry University - Miami, FL Associates of Applied Sciences in Information Systems Management Community College of the Air Force - Montgomery, AL Associates of Applied Sciences in Avionics Systems Technology Community College of the Air Force - Montgomery, AL Skills It project management, Comptia, Security, Operations, Ts/sci, Quality assurance Additional Information CORE COMPETENCIES    • Active TS/SCI Clearance • IT Management  • CompTIA Security+ CE Certified • Network Infrastructure  • IT Project Management • Quality Assurance/Standards & Evaluation  • Operations Production Super • Boundary Protection