IT Project Manager for the Executive of the President (EOP) Office of Administration <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> for the Executive of the President (EOP) Office of Administration IT Project Manager for the Executive of the President (EOP) Office of Administration Washington, DC Results-driven solutions-oriented IT project management professional with over 14 years of experience in supervising the direction, coordination, execution, and implementation of highly visible, multifaceted government and commercial projects. A customer and client-centric business leader with a proclivity for executing projects with aggressive timelines, cultivating new business opportunities for new and existing programs and projects, and leads high performing teams while remaining remaining aligned with the identified strategic objectives for the project, program, and organization. Maintains excellent relationships with stakeholders via, high quality deliverables, strong communication skills and executing project management best practices to include continuous process improvement strategies; which target business process optimization and the reduction of inefficiency. Currently holds an active TS Clearance.  Core Proficiencies  IT Development Methodologies  ? Agile / Scrum  ? Lean/ Agile  ? Kanban  ? Waterfall  ? General SDLC    Business Development  ? Technical Writing  ? Proposal Writing  ? Service Level Agreement (SLA) Development    Cloud Computing Technologies  ? Software as a Service ( Saas)  ? Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS)  ? Platform as a Service (Paas)    Process Improvement Platforms  ? CMMI  ? ITIL  ? ISO  ? Lean Six Sigma    Policy, Procedure, Compliance & Regulations  ? National Institute of Standards & Technology (NIST)  ? 508 Compliance  ? Presidential Records Act (PRA)  ? Federal Records Act (FRA)    Management Models & Strategies  ? Communication & Change Management  ? Requirements Management  ? Risk & Issue Management & (CAPA)  ? Business Process Management (BPM)  ? Release Management Work Experience IT Project Manager for the Executive of the President (EOP) Office of Administration CACI International - Washington, DC September 2016 to August 2019 Responsible for overseeing the development and enhancement of applications that support critical business functions across the EOP.  ? Successfully managed the data migration and transition of the IT applications that support the White House from Administration-44 to Administration-45.  ? Created precise migration and transition strategies to include plans, schedules, risks, and dependency documents to ensure the success of the Presidential Administration Transition.  ? Collaborated with White House Counsel to create IT policy and procedures for new and existing IT Applications and corresponding Business Intelligence goals.  ? Implemented new processes and procedures to collect stakeholder and primary user requirements to develop new .net applications, and improve to include rebuilding legacy applications for the White House.  ? Strong focus on ITSM, business process re-engineering and improvement, and leveraging institutional knowledge to design and execute new IT solution to meet the needs of Administration-45.  ? Supervised and facilitated the development of new software and daily O&M procedures.  ? Coached BAs and Product Owners to build the product backlog, facilitated daily scrum, and removed impediments to ensure Sprint goals were achieved.  ? Managed risk identification, mitigation, and CAPA processes to included final resolutions. IT Strategy Manager, CMMI Implementation Manager & Sr. Business Systems Analyst Accenture - Washington, DC December 2014 to September 2016 Successfully administered the analysis, definition and documentation of system and business requirements with the DoD and DOJ clients and stakeholders. Demonstrated proficiency with the implementation of ITSM, Sass Platforms, and COTS/ GOTS software. Implemented various ServiceNow solutions to include Incident, Issue/ Problem, HR, Knowledge, and Facilities Management.  ? Translated business user concepts into comprehensive business requirements and design documents.  ? Excelled in the roles of ServiceNow Implementation Lead, BP Re-engineering Lead, and Demand Management-ITIL Consultant supporting the implementation and management functions for a DoD client supporting the office of the OCIO.  ? Integrated business solutions with project and organizational goals while reaching consensus of stakeholders.  ? Worked within an established IT Service-operating model based on the framework outlined by ITIL v3 methodology. Outputs include process and functional documentation; execution related to demand, change management, and other ITIL initiatives (Change Control Board, Change Advisory Board, Technical Review Group, etc.), and formal reporting procedures.  ? Effective managed the end-to-end change management process for a large DOJ client. Executed required change management materials for every Agile sprint, to include the coordination of training and communication of deliverables.  ? Worked closely with developers to identify all impacts for each sprint and determine the appropriate change vehicle to convey information. Successfully organized the required sprint activities to include Requirements Gathering sessions, User Demonstrations, UAT, and post release training sessions. BPM Manager, Sr. Business Analyst, Proposal & Technical Writer InfoReliance - Fairfax, VA November 2012 to January 2015 BPM Lead/ PM for the NNSA OCIO/ NA-IM: Cyber Security and Information Management. ISO Certification Lead for the office of the OCIO at the NNSA. Executed needs analysis collect and developed requirement matrices in order to recognize new processes and improvement opportunity within current process flows and systems.  ? Successfully collaborated in business operation strategy, improvement, implementation, and the development of projects to include a Quality Management System (QMS) via the SharePoint medium.  ? Delivery of professional consulting services to support technology governance and customer development activities to support daily business objectives. Primary client liaison for BPM and ISO to include client deliverable schedules, and policy/ legislative procedures and requirements.  ? Reviewed, edited, and created proposals, SLAs policy documents, whitepapers, and outlines as a means to translate client/ customer requirements and identify functional requirements. Identified functional requirements, conducted system analysis, and fostered and implemented current methodologies and best practices. Business Analyst & Technical Writer Hewlett Packard - Washington, DC July 2011 to October 2012 Directed and contributed to the sophisticated projects for the following clients: Blue Cross Blue Shield (BCBSA), CareFirst, CareMark, and Accordant. Outline business objectives, via document analysis of the clients Business Required Documents (BRDs) and SLAs. Transitioned BRDs into use cases for the development teams.  ? Detailed new processes via document creations and presentations to the client. Forecasted project solutions, estimated resource requirements to include time and staff needed with respect to the clients budget and required deliverable dates.  ? Managed the production and publishing of the Administrative Guides for the Federal Employee Program (FEP), which explains the utilization process of the BCBSA website.  ? Documented, reviewed, and edited operating plans, procedures, and resources to ensure productivity, quality, accuracy and completeness. Collaborated with different functional teams throughout the project life cycle to ensure the success of the project goals. Project Manager, Quality Assurance Manager & Corporate Trainer CoStar - Washington, DC March 2008 to July 2011 Conducted comprehensive and efficient testing of learning and performance support solutions against predefined requirements and guidelines. Ensured client feedback was integrated into courseware of other projects and efficiently reconstructed a multi-phased new-hire and quality assurance training program.  ? Successfully trained new hire employees in the following areas: Time Management, Business productivity, Metrics Management, Customer Relations, and General Commercial Real Estate Information.  ? Managed the Quality Assurance Specials (QAS) team in the deployment of new audit processes and company initiatives. Moreover created new quality policy materials to include training materials, call scripts, and audits.  ? Responsible for all quality records and documents disseminated by the QA Team. Facilitated Calibration sessions to ensure scoring accuracy and consistency, in respect with time frames, metrics, and productivity.  ? Analyzed and reviewed the client/user interface of the CRM with employee interface of the CRM to distinguish system error, human error, and general inconsistencies. Education Masters Certificate in Business Process Improvement Villanova University 2011 Masters Certificate in Business Management Harvard University 2011 BS in English Towson University Skills Sharepoint, Records management, Cots, Knowledge management, Jira, .net, Software development, Visio, Crm, People soft, Training, Excel, Outlook, Powerpoint, Incident management, Service desk, Issue management, Kanban, SDLC, Waterfall, PM, Scrum Master Links http://Linkedin.com/in/jennifer-conley-jac1 Additional Information Technical Skills  ServiceNow: ITSM, ITOM, ITCM, Incident Management, Issue Management, Facilities, & Knowledge Management.    JIRA: Agile PM, Agile Scrum, Software Development Management Reporting Service Desk Management, Kanban, & Release Management    Confluence: Team Collaboration, Knowledge Sharing, Document, Content & Records Management.    Microsoft: Outlook, PowerPoint, Project & Excel.    SharePoint    Visio    People Soft    Other: COTS, GOTS, & Custom .Net Applications, Training Collaboration, CRM(s) & E-Performance Mediums