Assistant Construction Project Manager Assistant Construction <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Assistant Construction Project Manager - Montbleau & Associates Phoenix, AZ As a Project Management professional I have over 6 years experience servicing several industries (Technology, IT, Software, Construction, Architectural, Biotechnology, Engineering, etc.) in which I have successfully completed projects resulting in continuous process improvement. I have experience supporting and managing projects in Agile & Waterfall methodologies and I specialize in planning, time management, scheduling, cost management, stakeholder management and critical thinking. Work Experience Assistant Construction Project Manager Montbleau & Associates - San Diego, CA June 2018 to Present Montbleau & Associates is a International Construction & Architecture Firm skilled in manufacturing architectural millwork and casework for large hospitality and commercial projects  ? Manage and coordinate the scheduling of 80 union carpenters and painters between San Diego, Los Angeles, San Jose, Las Vegas, and Reno  ? Procure installation materials from our vendors and decreased overall site spending by over 50%  ? Developed and improved company processes in multiple departments, which has decreased overhead Spearheaded the development of the current installer scheduling process and improved installation by 40%  ? Reviewed proposals, install budgets, and cost to complete with Install Manager.  ? Tracked internal and GC issues and followed up to ensure timeline.  ? Processed New Hire paperwork for install personnel and distributed company equipment.  ? Credit Card reconciliation, budget and cost control for the Installation Department.  ? Collect time cards and sign-in sheets. Verified ADP for accuracy and approved timecards.  ? Purchase consumables, supplies, and tools for the field. Assigned POs and enter into Foundation.  ? Ensured weekly foreman compliance of tool box safety meetings, install reports, and Job Hazard Analysis Report.  ? Assisted in safety related matters. Prepared SDS and IIPP folders for new projects, gathered all pertinent information for workers compensation claims, and gathered GC safety documentation requests.  ? Develop new processes to streamline scheduling and material orders.  ? Reduced installation material spending by 50% in a 3 month time frame.  ? Routinely work in Bluebeam, Foundation, Excel, Raken, and ADP  ? Keep inventory of all approved or rejected samples, architect control samples for each project Assistant IT Project Manager (Professional Services) AbacusNext - San Diego, CA February 2017 to April 2018 AbacusNext is an end-to-end solutions provider ranging from virtual desktop (DaaS), private cloud, case management software (CMS), email hosting services, security endpoint protection, business continuity (BCP), and on-premise solutions  ? Manage Custom Software Development projects via Agile and waterfall methodologies for Professional Services projects.  ? Coordinate internal Professional Services engineering resources, as well as cross departmental cloud service, and development delivery  ? Experience using Microsoft Project Online, NetSuite, JIRA, and Confluence to maintain projects within different departments.  ? Develop and improve internal processes, operations, and workflows increasing logistics by 50%  ? Work closely with the engineering team to ensure project success through Sprint planning and coordination  ? Write, update, and manage internal documentation and Statements of Work.  ? Management of multiple client accounts and multiple projects. (up to 50 at one time) Strategic account management. (up to 4 at one time)  ? Calendar coordination, Business analysis for program development requests based on SQL  ? Experience with AbacusLaw, Abacus Accounting, Results CRM, Amicus, OfficeTools, and HotDocs.  ? Experience managing customization requests, and developing best practice workflows.  ? Lead team efforts for implementation, customization of screen design, configuration, database imports, custom forms, custom reports, training and roll out based on client expectations.  ? Experience using Microsoft Office Online, Project, Visio, Powerpoint, Word, and Excel  ? Able to prioritize work, and shift priorities as needed to meet aggressive deadlines and milestones IT Project Coordinator HypheNet - San Diego, CA July 2016 to January 2017 HypheNet is a Managed IT Services Provider that specializes in storage, security, Software-as-a-Service, computing solutions, network integration, and connectivity tools  ? Follow up and track the scheduling and planning of installations  ? Create Statement of work contracts for current projects to maintain project timelines and deadlines  ? Ensure all documentation is signed/ up to date for executing deliverables to client  ? Ensuring orders shipped on time and keeping customers updated with orders  ? Schedule installations, meetings, discoveries and ensuring customers' profiles are up to date  ? Keep projects update and finished in a timely manner  ? Contact customer for scheduling, and account information  ? Communicate with telecomm and third parties if needed to organize installations  ? Upkeep of the ticketing system to ensure all cases are resolved, or moving forward.  ? Creating tickets for customers to refer to, and for technicians to keep track of. Project Manager Conquer Scientific/Chromatography Parts - San Diego, CA August 2013 to November 2015 Conquer Scientific is a Biotechnology Firm offering a wide range of laboratory instruments, equipment, and specializes in ion, gas, and liquid chromatography, mass spectrometers, and microplate readers  ? Manage Inventory/ Products, follow up with inquiries, ensuring orders shipped on time, keeping customers updated with orders, utilizing Results CRM  ? Writing emails, and making phone calls to prospective customers as well as existing clients  ? Negotiating to come up with the best deal for the company and the customer  ? Managing orders through testing and repair, Obtaining new leads from conferences/ conventions  ? Pricing research and comparisons, System research from manufacturers, Technical writing for company wide documentation  ? Writing emails, and making phone calls to prospective customers as well as existing clients  ? Negotiating to come up with the best deal for the company and the customer  ? Managing orders through testing and repair, Obtaining new leads from conferences/ conventions Education Bachelor of Arts in Chemistry in Chemistry California State University - San Bernardino, CA August 2009 to June 2013 Skills Crm, Sql, Visio, Microsoft project, Netsuite, Jira, Adp, Crystal reports, Excel, Microsoft office, Outlook, Powerpoint, Microsoft word, Word, Cost control, Accounting, Budgeting, Forecasting, Statement of work, Vendor management Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/brittney-sandoval