IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager - Cisco, Inc San Jose, CA • Certified Scrum Master (CSM) from Scrum Alliance and Certified SAFe Agilist (SA).   • Over 7 years of experience as Project Manager in Banking and IT.  • Experience in coordinating with Project Manager in preparing Project Scope, Project Charter, Project Plan, Project Estimates, Schedules, Resource Planning, Work Breakdown Structure (WBS) and Status Reports Work Experience IT Project Manager Cisco, Inc - San Jose, CA March 2015 to Present Working as IT PM for Cisco Client in Software Subscriptions project Software Operations enablement initiative which delivers offer structure, operational capabilities, and policy support to enable and scale Stand Alone and On Premise Software Subscriptions. The initiative aligns to Cisco's strategic intent of transforming Cisco's software business into an annuity (software subscriptions) business model.    Responsibilities  • Planned release timelines, milestones and goals.  • Worked with multiple cross tracks team to prioritize the scope for release.  • Involved in Business commit, Concept Commit and Executive Commit session coordinated with cross tracks teams.  • Contribute and participated in weekly CBO check points call to discuss overall release progress and mitigate road blocks  • Hosted Kick Off meetings for each of the projects phases, Execution, Testing and Post Go-live Normalization activities.  • Mitigated Risks and resolved issues that affect release Scope, Schedule and Quality  • Generated daily reports & dashboards to measure and monitor overall release progress to ensure release IT scopes are delivered in time and meet Business requirements  • Communicated and kept informed all key stakeholders informed on project plan, commitments and any changes in requirements, release plan, schedule and scope.  • Conducted Release Readiness Reviews, Milestone Reviews, and Business Go/No-Go reviews.  • Lead and coordinated Go-live activities during execution and deployments.  • During Post Go live Normalization, drive daily Sunrise and Sunset calls.  • Co-ordinate with Business, Operations, CBO, CPS, IT and Solutions teams to address all productions issue and co-ordinate emergency fix in production as needed.  • Extensively work on trend analysis for Products/Offers in production and share metrics to management. QA Project Manager Cisco, Inc - San Jose, CA August 2012 to March 2015 Worked as QA PM for Cisco Client in Cisco Commerce Workspace (CCW) project which provides one integrated commerce experience that allows Partners to register deals, configure and price products, software and related services, and submit orders from a single Workspace.    Responsibilities  • Involved in Planning Test Activities, planning and identifying the Baselines.  • Defining the process to all the tracks and monitoring the Test Executions  • Hosted Release Kick off meetings for every Release, to give all the Stakeholders and Track Leads an overview of the management process.  • Hosted Daily meetings to facilitate the Test Execution Process successfully and make sure Teams meet the target in time.  • Projected and estimated Defect data as per the baselines and Test Cases to propose a daily fix rate and monitor the progress and plan for contingencies during project life cycle.  • Monitored the daily defects and interacted with Track leads & all cross teams to monitor and track the progress.  • Prepared daily dashboards and published the progress to all Stakeholders  • Extensively used Quality Center to monitor the Test Case Execution and Track Defects  • Worked on Excel Macros to analyze the data and Microsoft tools to prepare slides for daily meetings  • Supported the Stakeholders during Final Practice Run and Go-Live  • Managed Onshore and Offshore Teams to facilitate and Close the gaps.  • Owned & documented Release Exit Reports and Propose improvements for upcoming Releases  • Involved is Post Go Live Assessment Activities and assessment of the lessons learnt during the release to improve on the upcoming Business Analyst / Project coordinator Wells Fargo - San Francisco, CA December 2011 to July 2012 Wells Fargo is American multinational diversified financial services, involved in Wholesale Information Services (WISe) group which supports My Customer View (MCV) . MCV provides the common Wholesale customer definition - it is Wholesale's system of record for customer and relationship structures. MCV receives feeds from various different source aggregating account, internal contact, and external contact data.    Responsibilities  • Involved in writing business requirements and change requests  • Analyze and complete data analysis on incoming feeds and or database tables.  • Maintained and managed Wholesales Customer Systems internal and external feeds, partners and process as per the WISe Metrics.  • Managed projects by creating project plans, documentation and presentation.  • Managed and maintained internal and external feed to the whole sale DB system.  • Validated production files prior to release.  • Supported, analyzed, and researched of the issues and questions from customers and users.  • Document need for change to database tools and database  • Document requirements and support the change thru to implementation.  • Support from change requests for support related to the integration requested by our business partners.  • Active interaction among stakeholders to facilitate the development team during design phase and testing team during all phases of testing.  • Efficiently used Quality Center to manage and track defects all through the project.  • Conducted Quarterly Audits and managed and took timely sign offs from the partners before each release. Education Business Analysis UC Berkeley Master of Science in Engineering San Jose State University Bachelors of Engineering in VTU M.S.Ramaiah Institute of Technology Skills CISCO (7 years), ACCESS (Less than 1 year), ARCHITECTURE (Less than 1 year), BUGZILLA (Less than 1 year), DATABASES (Less than 1 year), Scrum Master, PMP Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS    Databases Oracle, MS SQL, MySQL, MS Access  Scripting Languages VB Script, HTML, XML, SQL  Defect Mgmt Tools Rally, HP ALM -QC, Rational Clear Quest, Bugzilla  Test Automation tool QTP, SOAP  GUI Design & UML Modeling Microsoft Visio, Gliffy, Enterprise Architecture  Other Tools  Jive, Tableau, Cisco BOX, SharePoint, Toad, VMware Workstation, Google Analytics, Rational Requisite Pro, MS Office Suite, Microsoft Project, Load Runner.