Consultant - IT Project Manager Consultant - <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Consultant - IT Project Manager - Eplus at Anthem, Inc Fayetteville, GA Versatile, results-oriented Project Manager with experience planning, developing, and executing the implementation of transformative projects and mergers and acquisitions. Quickly and efficiently adapts to diverse business settings and forges strong relationships with management, staff, and vendors. Identifies areas for improvement and integrates strategic solutions to enhance performance, productivity, profitability and predictive analytics. Work Experience Consultant - IT Project Manager Eplus at Anthem, Inc - Atlanta, GA February 2018 to Present Managed and supported key Anthem and IngenioRx IT Projects. Managed IT projects with a $2.5 million annual budget that supported multiple high-profile and complex projects spanning over several fiscal years. Liaised between diverse internal and external business partners to oversee data integrity, as well as the design, planning and seamless implementation of enterprise-wide system solutions.    Selected Accomplishments:  • Set and manage product owners expectations in regard to: project scope and timeline and customer responsibilities, stakeholder roles and responsibilities, project governance (communication, change control, escalation), risk management and organizational readiness  • Effective status reporting, project budget management and project timeline management Consultant - IT Junior Project Manager Hayes at Suntrust Bank Inc - Atlanta, GA January 2017 to August 2017 Coordinated communications within all areas of the enterprise that impacted the scope, budget, risk, and resources of the work effort being managed. Assisted multiple Project Managers with multiple projects of medium to large complexity, with cross-functional impact to the enterprise. Monitors overall project progress and updates plans and status reports accordingly. Tracked financial performance of the project, including actual to budget tracking for labor hours and dollars, operating costs, and capital costs    Selected Accomplishments:  • Assisted in Successful migration of more than 15 conversion teams from Waterfall to Scrum within 6 months.  • Succored teams with SAFe Core Values, SAFe Principles, and implementing SAFe practices.  • Designed tools, reports, charts and graphs for senior management to provide ongoing, at-a-glance summaries of project status and application performance. IT Project Manager S&P Global - Marketing Intelligence - Alpharetta, GA March 2016 to August 2017 Managed multiple on-going project tasks of various complexities. Required strong follow up, consistent communication and streamlined organization for successful completion. Partnered with Sales and Client Advisors to access and determine solution to meet client needs. Managed assigned accounts ensuring all production project plans where completed within schedule and budget. Managed 23 clients simultaneously with project budgets ranging from 100 - 500k    Selected Accomplishments:  • Successfully facilitated scrum ceremonies (release & sprint planning, release & sprint retrospectives, daily stand-ups and inter-team dependency meetings.)  • Identified roadblocks, developing solutions for timely implementation and escalating issues as needed. Consultant - IT junior Project Manager The Woodruff arts center - Atlanta, GA May 2016 to November 2016 Worked in coordination with Senior Project Managers to successfully deploy multiple IT projects. Serves as the point of contact from initiation to implementation of projects. Creates and maintains weekly reports regarding the projects assigned to various departments; metrics include progress, schedule, budgeting and forecasting. Allocates resources to various departments per the needs and requirements of the project.  Selected Accomplishments:    • Involved in all phases of the project lifecycle (from concept and requirements through launch and support) for multiple IT applications and infrastructure projects. Contributed to successful closure of projects, with applications released on time and under budget.  • Assisted PM in maintaining project schedules, work breakdown structures (WBS), issue/decision logs, meeting summaries and status reports to ensure effective, ongoing communications across all team members.  • Collaborated effectively with project, product and program managers to ensure project deliverables remained on track and aligned with business goals and expectations. Consultant - Junior Project Manager Randstad USA - Atlanta, GA February 2015 to June 2015 Manages projects, develops and directs project teams through all phases and activities of the project life-cycle process associated with major information technology systems projects that are essential to departmental missions and affect the clients' operations on a long-term and continuing basis. Presents oral and written information in a clear, concise, and organized manner. Maintains issue logs of identified project risks and issues, which may or may not impede the progress of a projects. Responsible for resolving client issues with internal departments and management. Assists with the recruitment, training, and mentoring of new staff.    Selected Accomplishments:  • Successfully in the Merger and Acquisitions of Spherion's Front and Back office applications conversion.  • Led successful migration of 120 Licensee/Area Base Franchises into new system infrastructure to support company merger/acquisition.  • Establish and publish clear priorities among project activities. Coordinates team activities to meet project milestones. Project coordinator Ridgeview institute - Marietta, GA January 2012 to April 2015 Worked in coordination with the project managers to deploy IT and HR projects. Serves as the point of contact from initiation to implementation of projects. Creates and maintains weekly reports regarding the projects assigned to various departments; metrics include progress, schedule, budgeting and forecasting. Allocates resources to various departments per the needs and requirements of the project. Evaluates project portfolio data to pinpoint areas of improvement and assists project managers in implementing the enhancements.    Selected Accomplishments:  • Accomplished profitable implementations of three projects simultaneously within schedule, scope, and budget by incorporating project management best practices.  • Successfully avoided project overruns of $35K and reduced costs by outsourcing non-key project tasks.  • Coordinated a hardware deployment, Windows 7 migration, and dual-EMR Go Live project (Cerner, AS400) for a small 75-bed facility with over 800 devices on their network. Education BACHELORS OF SCIENCE in PROJECT MANAGEMENT REGIS UNIVERSITY August 2016 Skills Project lifecycle, Jira, Rally, Microsoft project, Sharepoint, Sdlc, Visio, Vendor management, Project scheduling, Acrobat, Adobe acrobat, Excel, Outlook, Powerpoint, Word, Process improvement, Training, Test support, Personnel management, Scheduling Certifications/Licenses SAFe Agilist March 2017 to Present