Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager Chicago, IL Able to relocate   • Project Management professional with upwards of 8 years of experience and a unique combination of project, operations management, leadership, customer relations and budget skills within the IT, Retail, Hospitality, Construction and Telecommunication industries.    • Adept in analyzing situations and making decisions necessary for quickly resolving critical issues. Customer and quality focused with the ability to manage competing priorities.    • Proven ability to manage all phases of the project life cycle, multiple projects, people and budgets. Leading projects, excel at communicating with all levels of management and managing stakeholder expectations through clear, planning and communication.    • Progressive experience in a fast paced information technology environment and experienced with the workings of SDLC in application development, infrastructure development and the integration into business solutions that solve business problems and deliver value.  Specialities and skills:   Project Management  Customer Relation Management  Problem / Incident Management  Construction Management  Software / Hardware rollouts and training  Managing project plans, timelines and budgets  Communicate with all levels of management and cross functional teams.  Microsoft Project  Sharepoint    Certificate:  Mini Master of Project Management     Certificate:   Microsoft Project: Integrated for Certified Project Managers    Travel [Not location bound]   Short, Long term or Relocation  Open to Opportunities Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager EIAnow - Peoria, IL May 2019 to Present Project Manager - EAME  Full-time contract role for a global leader in the Network Infrastructure market. Project Manager for network refresh for global sites of the EAME market for the client: Caterpillar.   IT Project Manager [Teksystems] Shire Pharmaceuticals - Lexington, MA August 2015 to December 2017 Full-time contract role for a global leader in the biotechnology field. IT Project Manager for facility buildings; acquisitions, relocations, office moves, campus expansions, remodels, and new builds. Provide IT management services; Infrastructure, IDF, MDF, IT PMO, Data Center Migration and data analysis. Contract ended December 31, 2017 IT Project Manager - Retail [Teksystems] Reebok Addidas - Canton, MA March 2015 to August 2015 Full-time contract, short-term, role for company that is a global leader in the sporting goods industry. High visibility project role providing IT project management for Rockport divestiture project. Provide full scope 32 store business separation IT solution plan for POS systems, traffic count system, store network operations, back end systems and Store21. Additional Project: Created a service improvement program for a Service Management Strategy including Service Level Management internal and external. Contractor Project Management TailWind Voice and Data - Plymouth, MN 2013 to 2013 2013)  A nationwide service provider of voice and data solutions, multi-vendor, multi-site technology roll-outs and servicing for networks.  Full-time 4 month (1099 contract) role providing project launch implementation with new and upgraded voice and data installs for Client: Corizon Health within multi level security prison facilities.  High visibility project management of the installation, implementation, and deployment of cabling and network hardware equipment in Project States and sites: Florida (57), Arizona (13), and Alabama (15).  Held schedule timeline for scope management, vendor relations, accurate reporting and roadblock resolutions. First point of contact 24/7 on call for vendors with building construction, implementation and security issues. Managed vendors in field through multiphase projects, tracked work completed and next phase. Weekend Go Live support for client and vendors for prison network launch and technical implementation including productivity software.  Daily meetings on sites progress issue and risk plans. IT Project Manager, (for Accenture at Client Best Buy - Minneapolis, MN 2008 to 2008 2008)  Full-time 5 month contract role for company that provides customized technology solutions for global big box retail organization.  Project Management of the installation, implementation, and deployment of cabling, telecommunications and hardware equipment in 50 domestic assigned store locations.  Act as a first point of contact for vendors and retail partners in assigned projects. Provided project status reports in New Store Opening meetings and reported project progression. Associate Consultant Carlson Companies - Minnetonka, MN 2007 to 2008 Carlson Division Hotel Solutions: Carlson Wagonlit Travel, a global hospitality and travel company.    Account Management for assigned companies to analyze and reduce hotel spend.  Produced estimates, risk issue management, project planning, tracking, resource management and conducted status reporting to executive vendor levels.    Developed contract negotiation process to support the operating group and enterprise project deployment. Managed, negotiated contracts for RFIs and RFPs with multiple vendors and re-sign companies. Telecommunications Analyst Life Time Fitness - Chanhassen, MN 2005 to 2007 Large high-end mega-fitness centers operating in the United States and Canada  Review, approve, process and monitor the telecommunications for all clubs, presale sites, and corporate accounts including the allocation of charges to appropriate general ledger accounts.  Prepare and maintain monthly and year-end financial expense accruals and budgets.  Compare financial data to forecasts and budgets and prepare financial decision reports.  Recouped a cost savings within six months of over 140,000 from telecom providers.  Monitor contracts and pricing for connectivity for Life Time Fitness facilities.  Maintain positive effective communication with internal and external customers. Bid Phase Coordinator Life Time Fitness 2004 to 2005 General Contractor FCA Division  Managing multi phase projects related to remodels and from start to finish of club ground up builds. Responsible for areas of bid phase, close out, cost analysis and reporting.  Researched, identified qualified and tracked all sub contractors while managing RFI, RFP, RFB and contract awards. Provided coverage for the Contract Administrator for facilitating contracts, change orders and budget spreadsheets for all clubs stages and remodels. Processed pay applications (AIA) for sub contractors to ensure accuracy for the accounting department. Implemented a received and tracking system for cross checking between departments. Education Certificate in Project Management University of St. Thomas - Minneapolis, MN AAS in Accounting St. Paul College - Saint Paul, MN Skills PM, Project Management, Program Management, It Project Management (8 years), Microsoft office (10+ years), Mergers & Acquisitions (8 years), Integration (8 years), Project Management, Scheduling, CRM, Account Management, Pharmaceutical, Correctional facilities, Network Management, Administration, GxP, Government, Change Management, Powerpoint, Relationship Management, Risk Management, Report Preparation, Analytics, Retail Management, Hospitality, Construction, Consulting, Relocate, Data Analysis, Data centers, Migration, Microsoft Project, Outlook, Word, budget, Estimating, Customer Service, maintenance Certifications/Licenses Driver's License