Operations and Project Manager Operations and <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Operations and Project Manager Indianapolis, IN Successful career with 10 years in Project and Quality Management, Operations, and Processes. Multicultural and multilingual background with experience in 3 countries. Extensive technical knowledge based upon studies in Master in Technology (Purdue, USA). Fluent in English and native Spanish speaker. Sponsorship required to work in the US Work Experience Operations and Project Manager Avviato Inc. (USA) November 2016 to December 2018 Managed and coordinated Tech, Quality, Support and Security teams based on Project Management principles for approx. 150 clients around the world.  • Productivity optimization 15% based on software metrics. Created appropriate epic, task, bugs or story tickets based on JIRA Software and TaskRay (CRM and Salesforce).  • Client support improvement 7%. Based on stopper and blocker identification with clients and coordination with enhanced solutions using Zendesk.  • Reaction/solution implementation time improvement to less than 12 hours. Through effective processing of urgent notifications on production and test environments, using Agile and Lean Product methodologies for most effective solution implementation.  • Time delivery improvement 70% based on remotely coordination with cross-functional teams. Project Manager & Research Associate STEM Education Innovation Research Institute (SEIRI). (USA) February 2015 to November 2016 Created and implemented education and technological projects related to Nanotechnology and STEM Fields, Indiana's Leading Industries, and Simulation Lab.  • Managed team of 10 students, 2 professors, 2 supervisors, and 4 organizations as stakeholders.  • Defined project foci, strategies, priorities, curriculums, flowcharts, and work plan in less than 15 days.  • Defined and controlled development phases - product lifecycle - based on introduction, growth, mature and decline of the product stages in 1 week periods. Applied R&D strategies applications. Switched by Constraint Methods to 2-3 day periods.  • Implemented project dashboards and tracking of key performance indicators for project leadership and customers (stakeholders). Average project metrics 80%. Manager of Technology ( IT) PROJECT EMERGENCY 911. (ECUADOR) January 2011 to July 2012 Implemented Emergency 911 System in Ecuador (nationwide). USD 200M plus budget.  • Developed project management plans and baselines. Tracked and controlled based on research analysis and metrics against performance goals and timeline. Project Management Institute final metric results CPI= 1,1 (under budget), SPI=1 (on time), TCPI=0,9 (efficiency).  • Based on metrics the achieved average improvements were 70% in Internal Quality, 75% in Supplier Quality, 72% in Delivery Process, and 85% in Inventory. Quantifiable savings top USD 300K in the project.  • Established feedback and cross-functional project issues logging process resulting in a 40% issue reduction. Implemented reports and documentation based on Crystal Reports from Oracle and Microsoft SQL server.  • Implemented the use of Microsoft Project Server as standard to manage administrative project's activities reducing overwork in more than 30% across the team.  • Led the quality improvements based on new IT/CIS/Electronic technologies under Lean Six Sigma. Project Manager PDVSA Petroleos de Venezuela S.A. (ECUADOR) January 2008 to December 2010 PMO experience)  A USD 36M budget project involving the largest Oil and Gas companies from Venezuela and Ecuador to develop the first natural gas exploration field in Puna Island - Ecuador.  • Implemented and executed the Project Management Office (PMO) under PMI methodology.  • Implemented project management tools and metrics to control and monitor project activities resulting in a 50% control improvement, over 5,000 hours in Process Time, 35% in Lead Time, quantifiable savings top USD 180K per year. Identified and solved 15 Kaizen events.  • Optimized and managed Portfolio to adjust from 106 projects to 20 strategic projects based on scope, risk, time and funding related to organization strategies.  • Controlled and monitored solutions switched by Constraint Methods (Toyota Production) as needed. Effectively delivered execution of main highways in the area of exploration, living and office facilities construction, power, and communication lines. Education Master of Science in Technology in Technology Purdue University 2015 MBA in Marketing Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education 2011 Bachelor's in Bachelor of Science in Computer Engineering BSCmpE ESPOL 2005 Skills training, Operations, Inventory Control, Excel, Management Additional Information SUMMARY & SPECIALTIES  Successful career with 10 years in Project and Quality Management, Operations, and Processes. Multicultural and multilingual background with experience in 3 countries. Extensive technical knowledge based upon studies in Master in Technology (Purdue, USA). Fluent in English and native Spanish speaker.    SKILL HIGHLIGHTS  •Proj. Mgmt., SDLC, Lean, SCRUM, Agile trained •Scope, time, cost, change, and risk Mgmt. Plan  •Op. Business Analysis and Strategic Planning •ISO 9001 Quality Mgmt. certified  •CRMs, Salesforce, R&D, Business Objects •Great communication, resource Mgmt. skills