IT Program Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Program Manager - ARAMARK Proficient, goal-oriented, and effective IT professional with 17 years of expansive technology experience including Project Management, IT Security Audit, Leadership, Successful Implementation of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), Training, Deployment, Quality Assurance, Customer Service Support, Customer Relationship Management (CRM), and Service Desk. Skilled as a liaison and interpreter between Business and IT, able to fluently translate requirements into functional and technical specifications, and streamline technical jargon into business context. Work Experience IT Program Manager ARAMARK - Philadelphia, PA 2016 to Present IT Project Manager 2014 to 2016 The Project Manager role evolved by taking on more responsibilities and management of the day-to-day for a team of 12 responsible for the development and maintenance of the company's proprietary food production system with a user base of 8000. Manages all development projects for all software linked to Food Management. Manages budgets ranging from $500k to $4M.    • Develops clear project charters, proper scoping, timeline management, data collection, and pre- project communication plans. Keeps projects on track and provides timely communication and feedback on project progression to key stakeholders; recommends corrective actions when necessary.  • Heavily involved with the team's health including talent acquisition, team-building activities, performance review, and developing performance improvement plans when necessary.  • Created onboarding plans for each new team member to acclimatize them to the company, team, and clients.  • Acts as a change agent to instill process improvement.  • Experienced in managing Agile Software Development Projects.  • Develops and maintains detailed project plans for the IT Food Management projects including resourcing, budgets, and work breakdown structure.  • Recruited and mentored recent college graduates in leadership development program. IT Trainer ARAMARK - Philadelphia, PA 2011 to 2014 Initially brought in to develop and administer ILT and vILT as needed for proprietary platforms and Microsoft products for several teams. Onboarded all new HQ employees, familiarizing them with the software they would be using in their jobs. Identified as having the capabilities to oversee projects and given the opportunity to manage PMO for infrastructure while still maintaining training responsibilities.  • Onboarded all new HQ employees, familiarizing them with the software they would be using in their jobs.  • Developed vILT trainings for proprietary applications using Articulate.  • Ran PMO for CIO tracking domestic and international infrastructure projects, leading biweekly meetings with employees from 13 countries reviewing statuses, identifying new projects, and tracking issues.  • Held monthly Microsoft product trainings instructing users on Windows 7 OS and Office applications. Senior IT Compliance Auditor ARAMARK - Philadelphia, PA 2010 to 2011 Responsible for ensuring that adequate and effective security processes, controls and lifecycles are followed and aligned to deliver compliance with security policy and regulatory compliance requirements such as PCI (Payment Card Industry) Security Standards, HIPAA, state and federal Privacy laws.    • Assisted in the selection and tailoring of approaches, methods, and tools to support both the audit and remediation of control gaps.  • Coordinated and directed the development, management approval, implementation, and propagation of policies, standards, procedures, and other requirement statements needed to support information security compliance throughout the company  • Performed reviews, risk assessments, and security audits for assigned areas of IT operations, including technical, operational and compliance audits, and reported findings to both business and technical groups Education Masters of Science in Industrial/Organizational Psychology NORTHCENTRAL UNIVERSITY - Scottsdale, AZ Bachelor of Science in Psychology DREXEL UNIVERSITY - Philadelphia, PA Skills System administration, Microsoft project, Sharepoint, Sdlc, Change management Links http://linkedin.com/in