Quality Assurance Project Manager Quality Assurance <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Quality Assurance Project Manager Burlington, MA Work Experience Quality Assurance Project Manager Genesys November 2016 to July 2017 • Drive Quality Assurance initiatives and process improvements within Professional Services  • Document and report bugs, errors, interoperability flaws and other issues within proprietary software applications developed by Genesys Company's global user base.  • Demonstrate methodical, detail-oriented and thorough approach to all assignments while adhering to compressed timelines  • Validate, verify, communicate and resolve product issues. Project Manager Harvard Business Publishing July 2016 to November 2016 • Directed and Managed a Program that included 5 Business Projects for FY17  • Created Project Charters & Project Plans for Governance Committee  • Gathered & Analyzed integrated requirements for Salesforce to address business needs  • Collaborated with Team Leads to create Process documents  • Created and executed test plans as well reported bugs/missing requirements.  • Managed project schedule, action items, efforts and provided timely status reports to stakeholders  • Collaborated IT efforts using Kanban methodology (JIRA) with CRM Team IT Project Manager Tufts University January 2016 to June 2016 • Directed and managed high visibility technology projects utilizing Waterfall methodology  • Created Project Portfolios & Project Charters for IT Governance Committee  • Developed Project Plans to manage timelines and track project deliverables  • Liaised with project stakeholders and vendors to set expectations  • Coached, mentored, motivated and supervised project team members to effectively and professionally achieve results  • Work hands-on to research potential applications and its need for faculty  • Assist IT colleagues in development of Project Definition Documents and RFPs IT Project Manager/Scrum Master Ascend Learning February 2014 to February 2015 • Managed, Developed & Implemented concurrent platform, product projects and create detailed Projects Plans  • Led and co-coordinate utilizing waterfall methodology for the digital e-learning products for JBL Discipline.  • Created and Updated HLSOs (High Level Scope and Objectives), scorecard statuses, budget control, vendor management, communication to Ascend senior management, JBL business unit stakeholders with deliverables expectations.  • Monitored critical paths, impediments, resource needs, risk strategy to adhere to project scope.  • Managed technical projects using Agile/Scrum methodology  • Facilitated project meetings with vendors/team members across three continents  • Gathered Product Requirements, including creation of functional specs for new features  • Participated with Program Managers to improve PMO Process by creating templates and training PMs to implement PM Methodology and Best Practices Project Manager/Scrum Master Harvard Business School August 2013 to December 2013 • Developed high level milestone project plan for Multimedia, Engineering & Business team  • Led team effort to create HBX Live a unique and intuitive web teaching platform  • Managed schedules and development tasks for team of sixteen engineers utilizing Scrum/Agile Methodology  • Engaged in the creative aspects of user experience (UX) and user interface (UI) designs  • Scrum Master-led daily stand-up and worked with product owners to groom backlogs for the core project.  • Gathered requirements and executed projects using JIRA and Microsoft Project.  • Created test cases and data for QA and conducted regression testing during sprints.  • Mentored and trained individuals and teams as part of onboarding and ongoing efforts Project Manager NuView Systems Inc January 2011 to March 2011 • Analyzed critical projects and provided timelines to development and QA Team in preparation for launch.  • Planned all projects using Netsuite Software in coordination with Tech Leads for both Customization and Interface projects.  • Managed resources and coordinated the efforts of team members in order to deliver projects according to project plan.  • Responsible for tracking progress of projects and updating Project Managers as needed.  • Coordinated conference calls with PMs, Tech Lead and clients to capture new and missed requirements.  • Built a process document that provided a step by step instructions to PM and Development Team to create, update and maintain projects in Netsuite.  • Point of Contact for escalated projects and reported directly to the VP of Research and Development  • Analyzed and Prioritized projects for QA Team to prepare test plans and scripts. Education Certification Capella University 2013 Certificate Boston University 2011 Certificate Northeastern University - Boston, MA 2006