IT PROJECT MANAGER / SME <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">PROJECT</span> <span class="hl">MANAGER</span> / SME IT PROJECT MANAGER / SME - US COURTS Washington, DC • Energetic, driven, and accomplished PMP Certified IT Project Manager with a track record of success in managing complex IT modernization and system integration projects..  • Solutions driver who bridges the gap between business and technology while envisioning the bigger picture. Devises strategies to align multiple disciplines, coordinates efforts between business groups and driving complex systems integration for robust, high-quality systems that solve business problems and provide business results.  • Subject Matter Expert in IT infrastructure & standardization, Windows 10 Migration and Office 365 Implementation business transformation solutions, large-scale project management, risk management & risk mitigation analytical problem solving, strategic planning & tactical execution.  • Excellent skills set in business continuity & systems security, budget management and cost containment leadership, performance enhancement team collaboration, coaching and motivation.  • Top-performing senior leader and Project Manager with consistent promotional career track supporting a wide range of Global IT services including Networking, Infrastructure Support, Data Center, Help Desk, and Technical Support. Determine and adapt business requirements to IT solutions that support the business needs of 8,500 users in Across 100 countries and the US across the IT infrastructure, supporting users to increase efficiency of business operations. Maintain strong vendor relationships, develop statement of work and implement strategic negotiations for improved services.  • Managed and directed Software Engineers, Technical Leads and Technical Engineers level I,II,III across 39 offices all over the US for US COURTS Administrative Office, E-TRADE. Directed Level I, Level II and Level III Help Desk support team - managed, trained, and monitored cross-functional team of 33+ members. Designed and developed IT strategy to support a Regional user base of more than 8,500 users throughout 100 countries and within the US. Managed training and project collaboration to support an integrated software solutions initiative, to implement at 48 facilities for US COURTS Administrative Office, E-TRADE, USAID, DOL, ARL, Royal Caribbean Cruises, Citrix, Walt Disney World, and Mardi Gras Casino.  • Directed critical, time-sensitive Windows upgrade project to support IT Information Systems for E-TRADE, USAID, DOL, ARL, Royal Caribbean Cruises, Citrix, Walt Disney World, and Mardi Gras Casino. Managed schedules, identified and mitigated risks, and managed change control Work Experience IT PROJECT MANAGER / SME US COURTS - Washington, DC April 2018 to Present • Identified the purpose and business need of the Windows 10 Migration and assisted in developing the project charter.  • Performed trend analysis of project status and root cause analysis of current issues.  • Collected the requirements from stakeholders in regard to Group Policies, Standard applications and Non-Standard applications, the ISO and Federal Government security parameters and the different levels of privileges based on the user profile.  • Developed the Project Management Plan, which include but not limited to Scope Baseline (including WBS), Schedule Management Plan, Resource Management Plan, Quality management Plan, Procurement Management Plan and other relevant project documents.  • Completed the image on time and schedule and had it reviewed and approved by the ISO for implementation.  • Managed communication with vendors, conducted bidder conference, RFI, RFP and vendor selection, provided business justifications to the functional manager and secured funding for the resources above.  • Worked with the vendor on site for the Windows 10 Profile Migration Tool to implement and successfully install, test and deploy in the environment.  • Crafted and developed training manuals, Work Instructions and Checklist for successful deployment of Windows 10 machines from bare hardware to end user workstation deployment.  • Performed Acquire and Develop Team processes, interviewed, selected and managed the team of Windows 10 technicians.  • Developed and managed the communication plans with Stakeholders, Sponsor, Customer, functional managers and the project team.  • Developed and scheduled all communications to the end users prior to deployment and surveys for feedback after deployment resulting in a 95% customer satisfaction.  • Developed a detailed list of all constraints, assumption log, issue logs and risks associated with the project and created contingencies and buffers to mitigate all risks successfully.  • Conducted meeting, Focus Groups, interviews and feedback loop. Created affinity Diagrams, mind mapping diagrams and engaged SMEs to develop best practices.  • Created and managed Change Requests with all documentations and procedures, and had it approved by the Change Approval Board after analyzing the impact and necessity of each change request on the project and fully vetting and explaining my recommendations for approving such CR.  • Successfully brought the Project from Red when first came in to Green status in less than 2 months.  • Estimated the all activities from proof of concept of the Enterprise Windows 10 Gold Image to the testing, troubleshooting and deployment of the same in the environment.  • Build FAQs for Stakeholders on how to navigate through Windows 10.  • Performed configuration management for Office 365 applications and successfully provided resolution focusing on Customer Service and SLA agreement.  • Planned, executed, monitored and controlled all Office 365 Migration ensuring proper follow up, training and communication with the end users and all Stakeholders.  • Provided Exchange/Office 365 support, maintenance, and administration (Account provisioning, migration from Exchange to office 365, distribution group creation). SharePoint administration and support.  • Conducted status report meetings and developed reports for senior management IT INFRASTRUCTURE PROJECT MANAGER E-TRADE - Arlington, VA September 2017 to April 2018 • Successfully directed and managed complex IT projects of technical nature for 39 E-TRADE offices and branches, the total of 2990 users, with the budget of $12 million, completing them ahead of schedule and in the budget, using Agile and Scrum style project management approach.  • Managed and directed Software Engineers, Technical Leads and Technical Engineers level I,II,III across 39 offices all over the US.  • Implemented hardware and software upgrades for business applications, server hardware, network equipment, desktops, laptops, including Windows 10 migration and Office 365 for all of branches and corporate office of E-TRADE.  • Implemented and deployed end point monitoring software aimed at scanning and protecting the IT infrastructure and network of E-TRADE.  • Implemented the imaging of Windows 10 and all business applications via SCCM. Recorded all logs and issues, troubleshot, repaired and retested SCCM image. Implemented all patches and hard fixes to be applied via SCCM. Installed SCCM agent client on all enterprise devices. Translated all big fix report into SCCM reports.  • Prepared overall status and activity metrics that documents and tracks delivery of IT services, planned and unplanned system outages, and other key IT performance metrics. Ran a daily log of project issues as well as remedies and fixes applied to resolve all issues on daily bases.  • Developed and executed project plan and project charter from scratch.  • Crafted, analyzed and negotiated RFPs with requirements.  • Planed, crafted and executed an asset management and inventory system that helped the company's track and record assets.  • Interviewed and hired all technicians on the project.  • Developed and managed relationships with vendors in support of staff augmentation and systems support. Negotiated and executed SOW and MSA.  • Developed, implemented, and maintained processes and procedures for effective delivery of services and compliance with regulatory guidance.  • Managed and configured the Office 365 to assign product licenses to users and pushed products to the customer via SCCM, software center and KACE.  • Performed Active Directory support and Administration (Group policy, permissions, account provisioning). Research and Analyze Group Policies to ensure that outlook is configured correctly and that all file association and app association are opened via outlook.  • Configured room reservation and integration of Skype for business conferencing with Outlook. Converted the main long lists and built mailing List I. Outlook. Migrated and converted archives from lotus notes to MS outlook.  • Wrote and published technical documents on how to complete 3 step QAC, cable management for desktop and laptops and how to image step by step via SCCM.  • Crafted, developed and executed the entire communication plan about deployment to end users, managers, Branch manager and department executives. Example includes: leave behind cards, personalized 10 days emails notification, 48 hours email notification about deployment and a survey to track customer satisfaction.  • Created documentation library, technical documents and specifications, Quality Assurance Checklists.  • Tracked and recorded Risk Register.  • Ran weekly meeting with all business units and stakeholders as well as the vendors and technicians working on the project.  • Developed standard documentation of Project called Project Daily Brief and Project Weekly Brief.  • Utilized App-V, JIRA, Confluence, SalesForce, MS project, Mail Merge, VMware, MSSQL, Visio IT PROJECT MANAGER CHEMONICS INTERNATIONAL - Washington, DC April 2017 to August 2017 • Initiated, planned, executed, managed, monitored and controlled Windows 10 and Office 365 migrations for Microsoft external clients (large Enterprise clients 1000- 3000 user)  • Conducted IT strategic planning and project management activities. Facilitated project team in conducting risk and cost analyses, developing quality standards, objectives, and strategies.  • Implemented hardware and software upgrades, imaging and Windows 10 migration.  • Applied PMI concepts to support the efficient fulfillment of USAID Global Health Product order a contract of $9 billion year.  • Troubleshoot and customize Office 365 applications including Word, Excel, One Note, Skype for business, Outlook, Yammer, Power Point, and Microsoft Access)  • Developed and conducted Windows 10 and Office 365 training.  • Communicated and engaged external and internal stakeholders in requirements identification.  • Developed, fostered and maintained effective working relationships with engineering, marketing, Enterprise Services\Support and field sales and partner teams to deliver key business metrics.  • Analyzed, developed and communicated key onboarding processes and technology improvements for Office 365 Onboarding for the deployment cycle.  • Consulted external and internal stakeholders on Microsoft products and pricing.  • Evaluated, developed and implemented policies and Standard Operating procedures to improve effectiveness and successful productivity across the entire organization and financial department.  • Analyzes the effectiveness of operating systems and develops fine-tuning techniques to improve application system performance.  • Implemented the imaging of Windows 10 and all business applications via SCCM. Recorded all logs and issues, troubleshot, repaired and retested SCCM image. Implemented all patches and hard fixes to be applied via SCCM. Installed SCCM agent client on all enterprise devices. Translated all big fix report into SCCM reports.  • Develops technical standards and procedures for server system development, implementation, and management.  • Develops innovative and advanced methods and techniques for integrating multiple operating systems.  • Oversees coordinated efforts to plan for and acquire systems software for company's automated systems.  • Assists in planning, directing and coordinating the implementation and execution of approved policies, programs and services related to IT systems.  • Analyzes long-range equipment needs of complex information systems.  • Oversees the migration of systems to the production environment and monitors for stability, accuracy, and performance.  • Quarantined all attempt at illegal network intrusion, analyzed the origination of the phishing email and provided training to the users as to how to handle suspicious email.  • In charge of monitoring the network and protecting from all network intrusion.  • Develops and implements Policies and Standard Operation Procedures.  • Sharepoint administrator, ensuring that all employees have access to the correct site in accordance with their employee profile. Utilized App-V, JIRA, Confluence, SalesForce, MS project, Mail Merge, VMware, MSSQL, Visio. Intelligence Analyst FBI INFRAGUARD - Washington, DC April 2016 to April 2017 products on various terrorist threats and homeland security reports. Set up procedures for gathering intelligence. Develops greater regional, political and social awareness of region and knowledge of regional threat. IT PROJECT MANAGER BUREAU OF LABOR STATISTICS - Washington, DC September 2015 to September 2016 • Provided input to the Branch Manager in developing strategic direction and vision within the branch assigned. Actively promoted branch and division.  • Managed and inventoried the performance of the Help Desk system as well as developed and deployed an entire helpdesk system.  • Communicated complex technical requirements to nontechnical personnel, prepared and presented briefings to senior management officials on complex/controversial issues.  • Developed policies, procedures, and strategies ensuring optimization and integration in the installation, configuration, and maintenance of the operating environment.  • Developed long-range plans for IT systems that anticipate, identify, evaluate, mitigate, and minimize risks associated with IT systems vulnerabilities.  • Implemented security requirements resulting from new Public Law, Presidential directive, or other external mandate, integrated security programs across BLS units and organizations, and defined the scope and level of detail for security plans and policies.  • Developed IT projects from design to support, evaluate the effectiveness of systems and services, provided advice and solutions to a wide range of IT issues.  • Reviewed proposed policies, regulations, and procedural changes to determine impact on area of responsibility. IT PROJECT MANAGER Washington, DC March 2012 to August 2015 • Led project initiation, definition, planning, coordination, and delivery of key strategic initiatives. Manage cross-organizational, cross-government IT programs and several federal and contractor personnel.  • Resolved critical IT system deficiencies and issues in developing and deploying a virtual collaboration environment.  • Selected, developed and leveraged appropriate technical and business resources needed for successful project execution. Provide authoritative advice and guidance to management on the interpretation of regulations governing IT software. Education Master's Degree in Intelligence and National Security in Intelligence and National Security Point Park University - Pittsburgh, PA Bachelor of Science in Business Administration in Business Administration University of West Florida - Pensacola, FL Bachelor of Science in Economics and Social Studies in Economics and Social Studies Academy of Paris - Paris, FR Skills Waterfall, PM, SDLC, PMP, Scrum Master, Information Technology, CSM, Project Management, Itil, Software Development