Director of IT and Project Manager Director of <span class="hl">IT</span> and <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Director of IT and Project Manager - One Health Solutions Upper St. Clair, PA Proven start-up success in creating innovative solutions and products from conception through design, technical requirements, development, management and analytics. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Director of IT and Project Manager One Health Solutions - Pittsburgh, PA January 2019 to Present Rebranding from University Veterinary Specialists and VetNOW  ? Manage design, implementation, maintenance, and support for corporate and entity-specific programs and applications  ? Manage design, implementation, maintenance, and support for the IT Department and Network  ? Responsible for online project deliverables which meet internal product vision and client expectations with respect to functionality and an optimal user experience. Including: design, writing requirements, managing a development team, leading training exercises, managing customer support and infrastructure management.  ? Support CAO in developing floor plans to meet needs for Call Centers and Administrative offices in the Pittsburgh and Johnstown region  ? Create and maintain IT Policies to adhere to HIPAA regulations regarding data, security, Acceptable Use, and more Director of IT University veterinary Specialists - McMurray, PA March 2016 to December 2018 Start up 24/7 Veterinary Hospital located in McMurray, Pa  ? Managed design, implementation, maintenance, and support for the IT Department  ? Designed Data Center for housing IT equipment and connections  ? Supported ~185 employees in all aspects of IT  ? Support and create onsite virtual servers that support in house x-rays and bloodwork  ? Deploy and manage computer software such as Symantec, MS Office, and more  ? Monitor network and server activity (NOC Alerts)  ? Patch company servers and computers which included Server 2012 R2 and Windows 10  ? Created company IT policies such as Acceptable Use Policy and more  ? Created Group Policies for machines on UVS internal network  ? Handle all aspects of Active Directory (AD) and Microsoft Exchange (O365)  ? Telecom (VoIP) experience, supported Polycom phones  ? Supported CAO with facilities work request and building designs/layouts IT Support Analyst MCMC LLC - Pittsburgh, PA January 2015 to March 2016 Supported three local Pittsburgh offices and remote locations across the United States  ? Telecom (VoIP) experience, supported Cisco and MegaPath phones  ? Created the first Windows 7 deployable image for MCMC and maintained the image  ? Created scripts that automated all aspects of software installation (VBScript and Batch)  ? Experience with JIRA and ServiceNow ticketing system  ? Experience troubleshooting, creating and deploying VMware Virtual Machines (VSphere)  ? Experience troubleshooting HP, Dell, and Virtual Servers (VMware)  ? Patched company servers which included Windows Server 2008, 2008 R2, and 2013  ? Experience with creating batch files to automate and schedule processes Desktop Support Analyst EDMC - Education Management Corporation - Pittsburgh, PA January 2013 to November 2014 Router Troubleshooting/Installation  ? Assigned Static IP's to Machine/Servers  ? Basic Networking Knowledge  ? Experience troubleshooting Citrix Virtual Desktops  ? Supported Wyse Terminals for Citrix VM's  ? Imaged and upgraded computers through Altiris  ? Supported End Users face to face and through phone support  ? Upgraded PC's from Windows XP to Windows 7  ? Experience with HEAT, ServiceNow ticketing system  ? Telecom experience (VoIP), supported Avaya phones  ? Experience scheduling batch files Education Bachelor of Science Information Technology / California University of Pennsylvania - California, PA 2016 to Present Skills ACTIVE DIRECTORY, NETWORKING, VIRTUALIZATION, TEAM MANAGEMENT, R2, UX, UI, WINDOWS SERVER 2012, UX DESIGN, WORDPRESS, System Administrator, Vmware, System Admin Additional Information Skills  • Office 365 Design, Implementation, and Support  • Windows OS Design and Support  • Windows Server 2012, 2012 R2, and 2016  • Active Directory support and setup  • WordPress Support and Installation    • Start-up experience  • UI/UX Design  • Team Management  • Experience with Virtualization  • Networking Support