PROJECT MANAGER/ SCRUM MASTER <span class="hl">PROJECT</span> <span class="hl">MANAGER</span>/ SCRUM MASTER PROJECT MANAGER/ SCRUM MASTER Bowie, MD ? Action Item Management  ? Process and Productivity Improvement  ? Conflict Resolution  ? Quality Assurance  ? Team Leadership  ? Software Development Lifecycle  ? Risk Management  ? Project Management  ? Agile Principals    * IT Project Manager and Scrum Master offering 14+ years of total experience with an impressive record of delivering and implementing projects within scheduled deadlines; extending post-implementation and maintenance support to the technical support team and client.  * Highly skilled and successful in coaching, mentoring, and leading technical teams in adopting Agile/Scrum, PMBOK, and Agile Best Practices with strong business results.  * 8+ Project Management and 3+ years of Scrum Master experience guiding and leading teams during the project, till final delivery.  * Capacity to apply communication techniques that present plans and proposals convincingly, negotiate effectively, and that reconcile conflicting interests and points of view  * Expert at driving the adoption and enforcement of Scrum rules, removing impediments, and fostering self-management. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience PROJECT MANAGER/ SCRUM MASTER NEOSYSTEMS CORP 2018 to 2018 2018    Responsible for the overall success of the Consulting services division. Manage projects including implementation, migration, and conversion of back office solution software. Indentify client business and technical requirements and adherence to the approved project scope and budget. Manage problem reporting among various tools including Citrix Delivery Program and JIRA. Proactively identify risks, dependencies and impediments, leading the team and business in finding a solution, actively escalating when needed to ensure resolution. Document project schedules, status reports, and action items. Adjudicate conflicting priorities and adjust to shifting priorities. Protected team from over-commitment, manage backlog, and prioritized tasks for waterfall and agile projects.    Key Results:  • Leading the development and delivery of project management services in support of large enterprise-level system implementations to increase productivity and efficiency in back office solutions for clients with average of 15% under budget.  • Providing project management for full lifecycle implementations, upgrades, and migrations of ERP solutions, including Costpoint, IBM, Adaptive and complementary back office solutions.  • Providing planning and consulting for integrations, process reengineering, change management, and adoption of various systems, including Deltek Costpoint Time & Expense, GovWIN CRM, Integrify workflows, UltiPro HRM, IBM, Adaptive and other related systems.  • Facilitated daily planning meetings which included all Department of Commerce Bureaus, and presented program decisions for approval BUSINESS OPERATIONS SR IT PROJECT MANAGER ROCKWELL COLLINS, LLC. / ARINC Division 2017 to 2018 Coordinated team support to TS&O's Vendor Manager, Software Asset Manager, Financial Analyst, Engineering, Operations and PMO groups, as well as, establish collaborative partnership among stakeholders to enable scoping, financial and resource decisions. Oversaw the planning, management and completion of operations for the project within the Business Planning Division. Responsible for outcomes including overcoming obstacles and proactively managing project deadlines to ensure internal client's expectations are achieved and to present alternatives to manage/overcome obstacles. Drive Telecom Expense Management (TEM) service issues to resolutions.    Key Results:  • Led a team of 5 program support specialists and telecommunication analysts who performed telecommunication accounts payable functions, process requisitions for Technology Services and Operations requirements, and performed related audit functions.  • Managed day-to-day activities concerning telecommunication accounts payable and IT requisitions while concurrently improving cost savings of over $75k in 3 months  • Managed and supported migration from legacy networking systems to high infrastructure which encompassed 30 offices globally and 2.300 users.  • Created and/or streamlined processes and provided input internal networking solutions including IoT, VoIP, and private network connections.  • Developed and managed the Telecom Expense Management (TEM) System in Asentinel TEM system and Created project status reports that were used to track Department growth and justify requests for budget increases. IT PROJECT COORDINATOR ASRC Federal /NASA Goddard Space Flight Center 2016 to 2017 Expertly tracked and monitored all project activities/tasks, plans, schedules, action items, risks, resources, and costs, for multiple projects, concurrently. Defined detailed user stories with applicable acceptance criteria in collaboration with stakeholders and technical team members. Provided status reports, briefing materials for senior level leadership, and serving as release manager for the team's deployments. Collaborated with product owner and other business stakeholders and subject matter experts to understand the product vision/roadmap and translate into product backlog items. Facilitated progress on development tasks by ensuring that meetings with relevant stakeholders are scheduled to gather additional information for user story refinement and ensuring that team members provide status on their progress and any impediments. Facilitated sprint planning, daily scrums, retrospectives, stakeholder meetings, and software demonstrations. Educated and reinforced scrum methodology and agile framework to team members and stakeholders.    Key Results:  • Aggressively monitored and presented project performance and milestones to project stakeholders, and remediated all late tasks within one month of hire.  • Created and managed Microsoft Project schedules leveraging Waterfall and Agile methodologies for a $35 million IT project supporting 10,000 plus end users.  • Trained and developed junior/senior staff with varying skill-sets on reconciling Standard General Ledger Chart of Accounts (USSGL), trial balance analysis transactions, Fund Balance with Treasury (FBwT) unbilled reconciliations and Statement of Transaction (SF-224) preparation, and audit using FAR and CAS accounting standards  • Improved communication and implemented monthly reconciliation between NASA various offices resulting in improved reconciliation processes - differences on the CMPs reduced to 75%  • Collaborated with various Federal agencies, Budget Division and Finance sections to build relationships and improve reconciliation processes and communication  • Developed, planned, and managed projects according to timeliness and quality standards FINANCIAL PROJECT LEAD ASRC Federal/NASA - HQ 2013 to 2016 Served as the lead for the planning, development, coordination, and implementation of all projects that impacted the Earth Science Division (ESD). Expertly managed scheduling and prioritizing meetings, events, and milestone reviews. Successfully directed the development and long-term maintenance of comprehensive documentation of ESD's management processes. Provided feedback and technical reviews to subject matter experts and management concerning the administration of policy guidelines.    LinkedIn 240.682.2458 shakeeyaclack@gmail.com    PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE ~~~~~~)    Key Results:  • Led the scheduling, action item tracking, and project management of ESD's Strategic Integration Briefing to the NASA Administrator while adhering to short project timelines.  • Designed, developed, and monitored costing metric for grant awards in Earth Science Division centered on burn rate, identifying non-performers, & budget performance in terms of Commitment, Obligations, Costing, & Disbursement by automating data that eliminated redundancy, and optimized production  • Improved processes and procedures for underperforming programs and implemented new costing reports to streamline $1 million budgeting for civil servant travel  • Effectively served as a liaison with NASA Directors, Program Executives and key department officials in providing effective recommendations on matters under consideration, communicating information and instruction, along with ensuring the progress and expediting the completion of assignments. LEAD PROJECT COORDINATOR Embassy of Canada 2012 to 2014 Selected to be a part of the Prime Minister's Advance Team (United States Division) to oversee all logistical aspects of the transportation, schedule, and travel for the Prime Minister of Canada Office and his delegation. Managed a team of 10 to review logistics, financial modeling, schedule management, change control and configuration management.    Key Results:  • Selected to serve on Prime Minister's Advance Team (United States Division) to oversee logistical aspects of the transportation, schedule, and travel for the Prime Minister of Canada Office  • Led coordination and implementation for the Prime Minister of Canada and his delegation for major summits, conferences, and meetings within the United States  • Work in tandem with Prime Minister of Canada office, U.S. Secret Service, State Department, et al. for logistics coordination of secure motorcade & delegate transportation for G8 Summit at Camp David & North American Leadership Summit held in Washington, DC FINANCIAL MANAGER Embassy of Canada 2012 to 2014 Financial facilitator between Department of Foreign Affairs and International Trade (DFAIT) in Canada and local delegates at the Embassy of Canada. Oversaw cash operations, monitor daily cash position, fund movements, and daily/monthly bank reconciliation.    Key Results:  • Worked closely with project managers and budget authorities across business units to develop business cases, funding structures, and budget matrices for international programs, ensuring program objectives are achieved on time and on budget for over 450 events and projects  • Key player in reorganization of the financial services into four global regions; assisted in new structure model, configuration management, communication, risk, budget, scope, schedule and stakeholder management plans  • Proposed overseas operation business configuration based on trend analysis of local tax system, foreign currency regulation. FINANCIAL ANALYST Embassy of Canada 2010 to 2012 Review, process and post payables (about 600 invoices/week) in Sage accounting software for payment. Ensure accuracy of all pertinent information such as amount, terms, GL account, codes & compliance with policies.    Key Results:  • Managed and executed invoice/revenue initiative, utilized the support of the existing operational team to create process improvement and streamlined tasks by more than 40%  • Assisted in the overhaul of the HR legacy system to an improved ERP module by assisting in BETA trials, identifying key improvements, creating new processes and procedures. Education Master of Public Administration in Strategic Human Resource Management BOWIE STATE UNIVERSITY 2019 PMP Certification PROJECT MANAGEMENT INSTITUTE 2017 Bachelor in Business Administration HOWARD UNIVERSITY 2006 Certified Scrum Master SCRUM ALLIANCE 2018 Skills COSTPOINT, SAP, JIRA, VISIO, PIVOT TABLES, Scrum Master, CSM, PMP, Scrum, Agile Scrum Additional Information Computer Skills    Advanced Proficiency Level:  • Microsoft Office Suite  • Adobe Acrobat  • Visio  • Lync/Skype  • SAP  • BOBJ  • JIRA  • Costpoint  • Excel - (i.e. macros, pivot tables, linked workbooks, nested formulas etc.)