Licensed Esthetician Licensed Esthetician Memphis, TN ? Experience working across multiple organizations on business strategies and functional business architectures, with experience in Infrastructure & Client Services  ? A decisive leader with excellent communication skills  ? Ability to handle complex issues independently Work Experience Licensed Esthetician iGlam Spa - Atlanta, GA May 2014 to Present Memphis, TN  • Opened and managed Part-time Day Spa in 2 locations, relocated (2019) to Memphis, TN.  • Maintain clientele for skin care and other esthetic services.  • Responsible for all print and electronic marketing and email communications  • Responsible for inventory management  • Addressed customer inquiries and resolved complaints  • Delivered excellent customer service by greeting and assisting each client Sr Technical Project Manager AT&T - Atlanta, GA August 2011 to July 2015 • Provided project management leadership and facilitated the implementation of hardware and software in Unix and Cloud based infrastructure.  • Developed and maintained positive working relationships with team members, and stakeholders; application developers; and infrastructure engineers throughout the project lifecycle.  • Communicated project health and status to project team members, management, committees and key stakeholders as per established reporting schedules, followed reporting guidelines as per the communications plan, and using standard PM tool sets. Established a Quality Management Process and ensure all quality metrics are met throughout project implementation. Sr IT Business Manager AT&T - Atlanta, GA January 2010 to August 2011 • Lead and managed virtual projects teams through the initiation, planning, execution, control, and closing phases for customer solutions.  • Worked with Business Executives, Business Process Owners, Risk Partners and other stakeholders on the high-level scoping of the processes and their linkages to the various elements of the enterprise (process, risk, control, application etc.)  • Lead and managed solution project managers from a business perspective, including projects focusing on customer lifecycle through a IT organization.  • Coordinated various elements within PMO operations such as governance preparation, reporting, measuring project effectiveness and supporting project set up and closing activities.  • Supported the maintenance of effective PMO program/ project tools to aid in process standardization ( project reviews, reports, templates, knowledge management, etc.). Education Bachelor of Science in Business Management University of Phoenix Certifications/Licenses A valid Esthetician license