IT Program Manager-consultant <span class="hl">IT</span> Program <span class="hl">Manager</span>-consultant IT Program Manager-consultant Glenview, IL Accomplished strategic IT Program Manager and people leader with broad global experience in the Pharmaceutical, CRE and Government industry with a proven track record in leading and mentoring cross-functional project teams. Experience bridging business and technology by utilizing the best practices of PMP, ITIL and Scrum methodologies to manage projects and programs within the provided budget and time constraints, exceeding customer expectations. Managed team of 35+ people and a budget of $9M. Multi-lingual in English, Dutch, Russian and Ukrainian languages, excellent interpersonal skills. Passionate about building talent and positioning others for success by building on their motivations and strengths. Work Experience IT Program Manager-consultant AON Service Corporation - Lincolnshire, IL June 2017 to December 2018 Key Achievements:  ? Provided management to the Network Divestiture program, overseeing all activities required to separate the Aon network from the newly formed Alight company, including standing up new Wireless services, a new TACACS network management service, IP subnet reconciliation, Infoblox separation and WAN/LAN separation of the affected offices.  ? Planned and managed migration of Aon infrastructure and applications in Canada from three Data Centers to TELUS Private Cloud.  ? Managed IT technology relocation in Corporate Real Estate (CRE), large office moves and one data center in Canada and the US, including but not limited to standing up new WAN-LAN and wi-fi networks, new audio-video technology, relocation of phone, fax, printing systems and servers, as well as delivering new format desktop technology.  ? Delivered planning and procurement of the implementation of one uniform global Cisco Video conferencing solution. IT Manager Solution Delivery AbbVie - Waukegan, IL July 2013 to May 2017 (2016-2017) Key Achievements:  ? Implemented ITIL-derived Service Management Model and performed evaluation of key operational processes during integration of Business Administration and Enterprise Application Divisions  ? Formation of the PMO team and implementation of the PMO cadence and methodology within the Enterprise Services Team. Driving PMO excellence while optimizing strategic performance. Key in portfolio governance and the annual planning process to ensure the plan develops into a formal and approved budget spend.  ? Lead outsourcing of the global SAP support to the managed service provider  ? Leading development and delivery of financial and statutory IT solutions utilizing SAP technologies; Implementation of the worldwide upgrade of the intelligent data capture system for financial documentation (Brainware).    (2013-2015) Key Achievements:  - Managed the end-to-end IT Separation of the AbbVie Manufacturing Operations Division from Abbott, inclusive of the following:  ? Working across 7 IT organizations, domestic and international, supporting various Manufacturing Business functions, such as all AbbVie local and global Manufacturing plants, global Supply Chain and Warehousing, Quality, Business Intelligence, all Engineering functions, Procurement, etc.  ? Successful planning and execution of the physical migration of 500+ Servers and 130 Applications to the new Enterprise and local Datacenters  ? Management of the Enterprise Active Directory upgrade, integration and migration. Successful AD integration of 400+ local and international applications and AD Domain migration of 600+ Windows, NAS and Unix servers, adhering to SDLC and FDA compliance requirements with the least impact to the 24/7 business operations  ? Management of the migration of 6200 Manufacturing users to the AbbVie Domain  ? Management of the Enterprise Metadata Repository Project: key for gathering technical information on 1000+ applications within the local Manufacturing Division as well as worldwide  ? Manufacturing Operations Division portfolio optimization  ? Developed the security remediation plan for 250+ systems  ? Strong experience in Service Now and Service Now based solutions  ? Effective multilevel communication including technical, business and executive staff Scrum Agile Project/Program Manager-consultant Flight Procedure Dev office - Oklahoma City, OK November 2012 to March 2013 Key Achievements:  ? Managed multiple concurrent Scrum/Agile projects supporting ATO- IT Flight Procedure Applications and other high profile business line-solutions  ? Key in forming and structuring Solution Delivery Project Office (SPO) IT Governance and Reporting to meet the requirements of various business teams and executive management.  ? Served as the key member of the Solution Delivery Project Office (SPO) to provide support and mentoring to other Project Managers. Developed the SPO reporting Project Server SharePoint Website. Project Manager PMI OKC - Oklahoma City, OK 2008 to 2013 ? Professional Networking  ? Pursued Project Management education and obtained PMP certification (2009)  ? Volunteering Senior Project Manager, PMO OKLAHOMA DEPARTMENT OF HUMAN SERVICES (OKDHS) February 2010 to November 2012 Key Achievements:  ? Paramount in the successful implementation of statewide server modernization and consolidation - the key initiative in the successful operation of the Agency  ? Built and implemented several custom designed and COTS crucial business web applications using .NET, C#, and SQL technologies in a virtual environment. Led projects adhering to SDLC from the initial requirements gathering, through design and development or configuration, to business quality and user acceptance testing, using a combination of best practices of the PMP and Agile methodologies. Highest level of user acceptance, and positive sponsor and stakeholder responses were achieved through effective communication, and efficient management of their expectations  ? Led the Agency ITIL Steering Committee during the IT consolidation process and successfully implemented the BMC IT Service Management (ITSM) Suite to assist the OKDHS agency to effectively manage all IT assets and to provide a single entry point to meet communication needs of users to satisfy both business and IT Provider objectives  ? Key in Portfolio Management and the SDLC process flow restructuring. Developed effective resource leveling and management strategies.  ? Produced and communicated clear and powerful presentations and executive reports regarding project status, major issues, scope changes, risks, financials, resource changes, team performance and milestones to key executives, IT Governance Board and CEO  ? Produced RFPs, SOWs, and Proposal Evaluation Tools to ensure the best in class product was delivered that exceeded both business & IT technical objectives  ? Performed vendor management to include outstanding billing/service support resolution, SOW negotiations, pro-active monitoring of vendor Project Managers, and utilizing burn-rate projection  ? Improved Project progress using EVM metrics and the Performance Management Baseline    PROJECT MANAGEMENT INSTITUTE Oklahoma, USA IT Manager MINISTRY OF DEFENSE - The Hague, NL 2002 to 2007 Key Achievements:  •            Singlehandedly formed and structured the new Software Department, supporting the functionality of the Defense IT Infrastructure  •            Successfully led several teams to execute the Defense Application Portfolio Optimization project.  •            Managed portfolio and functionality improvements of the IT Infrastructural Software used to monitor the entire Ministry of Defense (MOD) network  •            Developed strategy recommendations to streamline release management processes and data/application security and policy compliance measures   •            Chaired high-level meetings with the MOD branches of service to facilitate project prioritization, change management and status reporting  •            Maintained continuous process improvement   •            Key in the migration of the different IT networks of the MOD to a unified, standardized, and upgraded MOD network system with a new operating system.  •            Implemented the ITIL Change management process in support of IT changes in all MOD branches of service  •            Peregrine Asset Center implementation in support of the ITIL processes in the consolidating IT organization  •            Managed complex multi-discipline projects funded by the different military branches (in accordance with PRINCE 2 methodology) Software Developer SYSON INFORMATION SYSTEMS - Roosendaal, NL 2000 to 2001 Software and Application Engineer MICROPLAN AUTOMATION B.V - Roosendaal, NL 1999 to 2000 Manager Credit & Loan Department Sberbank - Donetsk, UA August 1996 to July 1998 Education Bachelor Degree in Accounting and Auditing Donetsk National University 1996 to 1998 Master Degree in Computer Science Donetsk National Technical University 1991 to 1996 Skills Data center, Itil, Vmware, Rational, Sdlc, C#, Ms project, Software development, Sharepoint, Bmc, Sql, Planview, It procurement, Procurement, Vendor management, M&a, Real estate, Microsoft office, Process improvement, Qa, Microsoft Project, Project Management, Visio, Scrum Master Awards Governor Commendation 2012-10 Awarded by the Governor of Oklahoma in recognition of outstanding service to the State of Oklahoma. Certifications/Licenses PMP April 2009 to April 2018 ITIL v3 August 2012 to Present Additional Information KEY COMPETENCIES  ? M&A  ? Real Estate IT Office relocations  ? Program/ Project Management  ? Global Infrastructure / Data center transformation  ? Full SDLC  ? ITSM / Service Now    ? IT Procurement and Vendor management  ? QA compliance  ? Resource Management  ? IT Process Improvement  ? Executive Presentations  ? Waterfall and Agile Methodologies  ? ITIL    TECHNICAL SKILLS  MS Project, SharePoint, PlanView, NET C#, SQL, Service Now, BMC ITSM Suite, Microsoft Office, Software Development expertise, IBM® Rational® System Architect®, VMware.