IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager Cordova, TN Ambitious IT Professional with eight years of experience wishes to apply his skills in a position with emphasis in IT Project/Product Management to improve and successfully meet project objectives within time, resource and budget constraints. Strengthened in analytical thinking and creative problem-solving. Able to apply technical concepts between business and IT to improve overall organizational success. Upon completion of the latest contract opportunity below, I have chosen to focus on finishing my master’s degree program as part of my professional development with projected graduation in October 2019. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager Mueller Industries Inc - Collierville, TN 2018 to 2019 For the duration of this short-term contract opportunity, I assisted the organization with an ERP system  upgrade that was over 20 years old. Duties in this project included assigning staff responsibilities as well as monitoring the overall conversion process yet learning the operations and company culture.  Traveled to Port Huron, MI plant to assess existing manufacturing processes to recommend essential  changes in the new ERP environment to improve and automate key manufacturing processes and increase stakeholder satisfaction.    Global Telecom VoIP  Infrastructure Analyst International Paper - Memphis, TN 2014 to 2018 Predominantly worked with different subdivisions of Global Telecommunications department where I  functioned as a liaison among various business units of the company, technology, and support teams.  Provided prominent levels of technical support. Recommended scalable yet adaptable VoIP delivery  solutions that met varying business requirements. Managed and led various projects related to Global  Telecommunications. Held accountability for expansion, deployment, refresh and removal of all  supported IP Telephony technologies and services. Specialist International Paper - Memphis, TN 2013 to 2014 Provided excellent customer support for all International Paper employees in North America where I  particularly assisted with tracking trouble tickets and solutions within all three major cellular providers:  AT&T, Sprint and Verizon. Managed corporate accounts and negotiated vendor discounts. Provided  first level support related to cellular coverage and basic smartphone troubleshooting. Managed  communications with external and internal customers, analyzed and directed information needs and functional requirements.    Global Telecom Intern International Paper - Memphis, TN 2012 to 2013 Provided technical and administrative support for the company within the Global Telecommunications  department. Monitored CA Service Desk ticketing system to categorize workload and track incidents  reported by end-users. Reviewed key system components to ensure the health and readiness of the system daily and reported their status to team members. Supported and assisted the department in  conducting various IT group programs, projects, processes, and procedures. Education Master of Science in IT Management in IT Management Western Governors University 2017 Bachelor of Business Administration in Management of Information Systems in Management of Information Systems University of Memphis - Memphis, TN 2009 to 2012 Associate of Applied Science in Information Technologies in Information Technologies Southwest Tennessee Community College - Memphis, TN 2006 to 2009 Skills VOIP, TIME MANAGEMENT, RISK MANAGEMENT, PROCESS IMPROVEMENT, TRAINING, DOCUMENTATION, PROBLEM-SOLVING Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/maxzhiglov Assessments Management & Leadership Skills: Planning & Execution — Highly Proficient August 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to effectively plan and manage resources to accomplish organizational goals. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/pielcoh41fkccxfz Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information Skills  PM Skills and Competencies  • Effective communication  • Risk management  • Time management  • Critical thinking  • Problem prioritization  • Strong attention to details  IT Skills and Competencies  • Various software and hardware  • IT management  • Solid understanding of data networks and VoIP  • Technical writing for technical and non-technical end-users  • Process improvement  • Documentation and training  Soft Skills  • Communication  • Creativity  • Conflict resolution  • Problem-solving  • Leadership  • Flexibility