IT Business Relationship Management Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> Business Relationship Management Analyst IT Business Relationship Management Analyst - DAVITA INC Hatboro, PA Work Experience IT Business Relationship Management Analyst DAVITA INC - Malvern, PA April 2015 to Present ? Enable collaboration between fellow leaders from IT and business/clinical units within the corporation as well as the company's Strategic Business Initiative subsidiaries such as Labs, Rx, and Clinical Research.  ? Work in conjunction with business units to track and guide long term strategic IT roadmaps, enable innovative projects, and drive escalation of issues throughout the project and software delivery lifecycles.  ? Act as main IT liaison for business units and manage their projects through standardized IT Intake and Governance processes.  ? Enhance and clarify communications across business units to ensure alignment in regards to overall strategies and system implementations.  ? Update and track unified, cross-lane IT Monthly Operations Review presentation including strategic IT leadership reporting in preparation for monthly strategy reviews presented to CIO, CEO, and BOD. IT Integration Administrator/ Project Manager DaVita - Malvern, PA March 2012 to April 2015 ? Managed portfolio of 10-20 concurrent clinical IT infrastructure deployment projects, approximately 45 kidney dialysis clinics throughout the US per year.  ? Coordinated purchasing and installation of network cabling, local network equipment, desktop computers, thin client terminals, clinical data relay devices, servers, and television /telecom equipment by vendors and subcontractors. Included setting and adhering to project budgets ranging from $10k-50k.  ? Performed onsite due-diligence analysis and consultation to determine budgets, risks, scopes of work, and infrastructure development needs in relation to clinical IT requirements for acquisitions and divestitures, relocations, remodels, expansions, and new dialysis clinic builds with a varying degree of scope and budget.  ? Assisted leadership with vendor management and new hardware selection and deployment.  ? Provided performance metric analysis for IT leadership, managed hardware stock levels, and created high level team objective reporting. IT Integration Specialist DaVita - Malvern, PA October 2011 to February 2012 ? Acted as Junior Project Manager working on small scale IT hardware deployments to field clinics on offices.  ? Supported clinical IT deployment/integration team to ensure project success.  ? Acted as IT liaison for issue triage and resolutions throughout the course of project development lifecycles.  ? Provided legacy support for company-wide IT hardware rollout initiatives. IT Project Coordinator DaVita - Malvern, PA June 2011 to October 2011 ? Assisted in roll out of Electronic Health Record system for over 2000 outpatient kidney dialysis facilities.  ? Proactively communicated with and provided first level support for alpha and beta test facility software issues and enhancement requests.  ? Collaborated with Physicians and Clinicians to determine a versatile hardware solution for patient record input. Education Bachelor of Business Administration in Management Information Systems TEMPLE UNIVERSITY- Fox School of Business - Philadelphia, PA January 2011 Awards Graduate - DaVita Leadership Development Program Completed DaVita Leadership Development Program for employees on track for leadership positions within the company. Eagle Scout Obtained the rank of Eagle Scout as a member of the Boy Scouts of America as a youth. Additional Information Disaster Relief Volunteer: All Hands Volunteers    Non-profit disaster relief volunteer team leader supporting families whose homes were destroyed by flooding and earthquakes in Pisco Peru, West Sumatra Indonesia, Cedar Rapids Iowa, and Long Island/Staten Island NY.