IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager - Master Concessionair Miami, FL Persistent, results-driven, team player and leader with diversified background in Information Technology system implementation, management, and analysis. Demonstrated ability to manage teams and processes to successfully accomplish system implementations and IT optimization. Deep experience with the following platforms:    ? Programs: Wrike, Brink POS, LogMeIn, Retail Pro 8, Microsoft Office, Credit Card Systems, Revel POS and Windows 7-10  ? Core Skills: System deployment and management; data migration, data redundancy; POS, BI and ERP evaluations / implementation; asset management and budget analysis Work Experience IT Project Manager Master Concessionair - Miami, FL January 2018 to Present My responsibilities are focused on increasing the efficiency of our IT department as well as Operations, using project management software (Wrike), Business intelligence program (Radar) our ticket system, newly deployed support line, as well as evaluating new IT candidates. They also focused heavily on researching and implementing new POS / ERP / BI systems to further improve our day to day operations.  ? They extended to increase company efficiency when it came to new deployments and saving the company tens of thousands of dollars when deploying new systems through the use of, cost comparison analysis, time management, communication, and recommending new hardware as well as software.  ? My duties also extended into closing the gap between IT and Operations in terms of communication, understanding, and time management. IT Specialist Key West International Airport (EYW), Miami International Airport(MIA) January 2015 to January 2018 My responsibilities were primarily focused around supporting the existing IT infrastructure across all our current locations. These are included in the following airports, Key West International Airport (EYW), Miami International Airport(MIA), Fort Lauderdale International Airport (FLL), Orlando International Airport (MCO), Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport (ATL), and Dulles International Airport (IAD).  ? They extended to include implementation, maintenance, migration and recommendations of new IT systems for our current as well as newly added concepts within our growing portfolio of locations.  ? The day to day activities that I performed within my role included:  ? Ensuring that our equipment (250+ Devices) was well maintained, managed, updated and secure  ? Lead the platform data migration for the company to Windows 10  ? Designing and implementing the company webpage  ? Managing third party support technicians during brainstorming sessions as well as troubleshooting sessions  ? Adding new locations to our current list of databases  ? Designing and implementing our ticket system  ? Designing our IT Support line  ? Being available weekends and holidays  ? Database management for both our growing list of restaurants (37), and their Business Management software  ? Lastly I hold badges in MIA, MCO, IAD, and will be securing additional security badges at the other airports listed above. IT Manager Alf's Golf Shop LLC - Miami, FL June 2012 to June 2013 Performed maintenance and reparation of vital data files when POS system experienced technical difficulties which impaired the functionality of the retail locations to ensure maximum uptime.  ? Analyzed IT related failures, and remediated these optimally, which included the following systems: internet, computer, VPN, security cameras and projectors  ? Accomplished diverse tasks in different areas of the company as analyzing manufacturing labor, accounting, and cost control. IT Inventory Analyst May 2009 to June 2012 Organized the acquisition and installation of the Company's Information Technology Systems including computers, internet and VPN.  ? Coordinated the implementation of the daily sales auditing process which resulted in concrete sales data and significantly reduced shrinkage  ? Synchronized the process of mapping the existing physical inventory across 3 separate locations which was critical to the establishment of a proper balance sheet  ? Merged the newly created inventory database into the company's first POS system. The system manages over 15,000 SKUs and annual sales of $10 Million Education Bachelor of Science in Criminal Justice in Criminal Justice Florida International University - School of International & Public Affairs - Miami, FL August 2011 to April 2014 Associates of Science in Computer Information in Systems Miami Dade Community College - Miami, FL August 2008 to August 2011 Skills Scrum Master Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/leonard-boord-4bb509bb/ Certifications/Licenses CSM July 2019 to July 2021