Project Manager/ Scrum Master <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>/ Scrum Master Project Manager/ Scrum Master - MUFG Union Bank Los Angeles, CA Certified Scrum Master and Agile Practitioner with a proven track record of delivering high-quality software, on-time and within budget, possessing a working knowledge of PMBOK, Six Sigma, and experience working within a PMO environment. Work Experience Project Manager/ Scrum Master MUFG Union Bank - Glendale, CA August 2018 to Present • Coached the teams on how to write and define User Stories, define user acceptance criteria, accomplish Backlog Refinement, and lead software teams to implement identified software needs.  • Facilitated Scrum activities including sprint planning, daily stand-up meetings, overviews, release demos, retrospectives.  • Managed Scrum artifacts from product backlog, user stories, tasks, velocity tracking, and retrospective action items.  • Mentored teams across 2 different time zones, to deliver quality code.  • Defined and rolled out agile metrics and assisted with the identification, collection, reporting on metrics; and made recommendations for improvement to respective stakeholders across the enterprise.  • Analytics, forecasting, tracking on Microsoft Project Server, Excel and Jira. Project Manager/ Scrum Master North American Medical Management - Ontario, CA August 2017 to August 2018 • Creation of Project Initiation Requests (PIR), User Requirement Functional Specification Document (URFSD), and Project Management Plans.  • Managing expectations across multiple business owners, developers, database analysts, and end users.  • Utilized TFS to coordinate teams using user stories, epics, features, product backlog items, and tasks to track projects accurately.  • Led sprint planning meetings as Scrum Master to ensure allocation was within acceptable capacity.  • Used Microsoft Visio to create current and future state process flows.  • Utilized Scrum methodology to coordinate and lead team to successful implementation of Agile. IT Jr. Project Manager/ Scrum Master Mobilize - Rancho Cucamonga, CA January 2014 to August 2017 • Utilized MS Project and Excel for creating master schedules and administering all types of projects from simple activities to more complex plans.  • Assisted PM with defining scope and decomposition of WBS.  • Created stakeholder engagement assignment matrixes to ensure top stakeholders were kept satisfied.  • Collaborated with team to ensure the sponsors vision would be fully reach within a strict timeline.  • Served as liaison for project manager and mediated disagreements on approach to tasks within the overall project.  • Prepared agendas for meetings, documented key decisions, and collaborated with team members to develop artifacts. Education BACHELOR'S DEGREE in POLITICAL SCIENCE California Polytechnic University Pomona Skills Visio, Microsoft project, Microsoft visio, Risk management, Six sigma, Agile Scrum, CSM, PM, Scrum, Jira, Scrum Master Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) June 2018 to June 2020 agile certified practitioner June 2018 to June 2020 CSM November 2018 to Present Additional Information Skills  • Agile Methodology  • Microsoft Project  • Microsoft Visio  • Risk management processes and analysis  • Microsoft Suite    • Scrum Framework  • Six Sigma  • Methodology implementation  • Client assessment and analysis  • Requirement elicitation