Director of Operations Director of Operations Broomfield, CO Operations management professional with 20 years of progressive leadership experience in managing commercial and industrial operations, team building, executive collaboration, and vendor relationships. Competitive and loyal with a dedicated work ethic and commitment to continuous process improvements. Known for strong business ethics, excellent interpersonal skills, and ability to communicate effectively across all levels of business. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Director of Operations The Denver Post 2012 to Present • Leading 10 direct reports across five internal and off-shore teams with an annual operating budget of $1mm  • Oversee recruitment, hiring, and performance management of employees across page layout, print and digital creative, print and digital operations, sales coordination, administrative, and insert operations.  • Collaborate with executive team on annual and long-range strategic planning, budgeting and cost savings, and business consolidations.  • Manage publishing, digital and commercial printing vendor relationships, including contracts, scheduling, and invoicing.   • Oversee system administration of ad management, ad billing, and digital insert order processing systems, including employee training, workflow design, and client issue resolution.  • Maintain relationships with large corporate customers to sell advertising space and coordinate layouts.  • Serve as the liaison between the production, circulation, finance, newsroom and advertising departments.    Named 2018 Director of the Year  Named 2018 Mentor of the Year  Named 2018 Problem-Solver of the Year IT Project Manager Guardian Mortgage Documents - Lakewood, CO 2002 to 2004 Lakewood, CO 2002 - 2004  Recruited to implement, manage, and upgrade IT projects for an online mortgage document and electronic filing company.  IT Project Manager  • Led a team of 12 in the planning and execution of multiple, concurrent IT projects to produce online documents for mortgage companies across the country.  • Managed and delegated tasks related to system upgrades and changes to developers and programmers  • Coordinated contractors and managed the build-out and growth of new offices as the company expanded. Operations Manager The Denver Post - Denver, CO 2001 to 2002 and 2004 - 2012)  • Managed a team of 10-15 print and digital sales coordinators and insert operators in support of classified ads for the automotive, real estate, and recruitment verticals.  • Built a work environment of accountability and team cohesion through quality training and motivational leadership techniques.  • Developed and maintained relationships with large corporations to manage the production of their advertisement space with commercial printing.  • Communicated cross-functionally with production, circulation, finance, and advertising managers. Education Bachelor of Arts in Advertising and Journalism in Advertising/Journalism University of Northern Colorado - Greeley, CO Skills budget (6 years), Operations Management (10+ years), SYSTEMS ADMINISTRATION (8 years), training (10+ years), Salesforce (1 year), Ipublish (Less than 1 year), Google Docs (3 years), Google Ad Manager (Less than 1 year) Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/jbryan1212 Additional Information Areas of Expertise  ? Operations Management: Skilled in all aspects of commercial/industrial operations management, including workflow engineering, process development, efficiency improvements, budget management and cost control, and system administration. Analytical and detailed with the ability to implement ant track KPIs to analyze performance and make strategic recommendations.  ? Team Leadership: Lead by example to develop cohesive, highly accountable teams and create work environments conducive to efficient and effective performance. Experienced in all aspects of personnel management including interviewing, hiring, training, scheduling, performance evaluations, and personal improvement plans.  ? Project Management: Highly organized and deadline-oriented to oversee project planning and execution within budget and schedule constraints. Offer excellent negotiation, contract management, and relationship building skills to develop and manage strong vendor relationships.  ? Cross-Functional Collaboration: A member of multiple executive and senior management committees with extensive experience contributing to strategic business plans. Continually investigate market trends, review metrics, and recommend relevant business solutions to executive team.