Cybersecurity Expert Cybersecurity Expert Cybersecurity Expert - SIEMENS HEALTHINEERS Malvern, PA Versatile Information security officer with expertise in multiple industries (Healthcare, Telcos, public sector etc.).  Successful history in program management and very effective at applying cybersecurity best practices and ensuring  compliance with regulatory standards. Proven track record in streamlining security processes, designing and implementing  efficient security solutions by leading cross-jurisdiction teams and communicating to diverse stakeholders to achieve security  efficiency for clients. Work Experience Cybersecurity Expert SIEMENS HEALTHINEERS 2017 to Present • Technical and process Subject Matter Expert (SME) for product security activities  • Manage Cybersecurity risks for all Digital Services projects (Germany, USA, Canada and India)  • Facilitate compliance with product security policies, practices and legal requirements and provide coaching, on-the-job  and formal training, creation of reference materials, and procedures.  • Implement central security processes, e.g. supplier qualification and certification program and cybersecurity audits  • Moderate security reviews of application and infrastructure systems (Threat and Risk Analysis)  • Train cybersecurity engineers and developers  • Support our secure software development initiatives  • Determine tools to be used (static code analysis, Fuzz testing, Dynamic code analysis, vulnerability scanning, continuous application security, STIG Testing etc.)  • Prototype tools  • Determine standardized rule sets  • Support projects on implementation  • Red/Blue Team Program Manager (Penetration Testing strategy)  • Cybersecurity Incident Management  • Provide analysis of security events and investigate security threats to the environment  • Synchronize with Information Security organization to ensure that the development, manufacturing and integration IT- infrastructure is sufficiently secure (e.g. to ensure confidentiality, integrity or availability of source code, binaries and  configuration)  • Continuously assess suitability of existing capabilities to address emerging technologies and changing threat behaviors IT and Security Project Manager France Telecom Group 2014 to 2016 • Led and Managed project team (including outsourcing teams), responsible for project delivery to stakeholders on time and within budget constraints.  • Managed projects that generated approximately $6 Million in profits  • Trained corporate's customers employees on the technical solutions delivered  • Maintain all security equipment and implement new technology  • Ensure cybersecurity stays on the corporate's customers radar  • Developing project timelines for ongoing system upgrades Senior Project Engineer ERICSSON 2012 to 2014 • Responsible for the delivery of multiple complex projects.  • Managed projects deployment, integration and maintenance of customers' 2G, 3G and 4G networks  • Trained customers' employees on the technical solutions delivered  • Proposed network improvement solutions to customer  • Promptly responding to all security and network incidents and providing thorough post-event analysis Project Engineer France Telecom Group 2010 to 2012 • Provide radio network strategic and architecture planning.  • Dimensioning networks according to the coverage, capacity and quality requirements  • Key Performance Indicators (KPI) governance and performance analysis for Radio Network optimization Education Master in Cybersecurity in Cybersecurity BROWN UNIVERSITY Master of Science in Telecommunication Engineering in Telecommunication Engineering NATIONAL POLYTECHNIC Skills Business continuity, Cryptography, Disaster recovery, Devops, Encryption, Vulnerability assessment, Disaster recovery planning, Recovery planning, Risk management, Team building, Regulatory compliance Certifications/Licenses Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) Additional Information KEY SKILLS    Cybersecurity strategy ? Systems and Networks security ? Cybersecurity risk management and Threat Modeling (STRIDE,  DREAD etc.) ? Vulnerability assessment ? Data Privacy and Protection of Personal Data(GDPR, CCPA) ? Laws, policies  and Regulatory compliance ? Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery planning and implementation ? Critical and  strategic thinking ? Dynamic Team building and leadership ? Cloud Computing (Azure, AWS) ? DevOps, DevSecOps,  Agile ? Identity and Access management (IAM) ? Encryption and cryptography