Delivery Manager - Information Systems Delivery <span class="hl">Manager</span> - Information Systems Sr. Project Manager -PMP, ITIL, MBA, MSMIS, CSM Aurora, IL An experienced PMP certified project manager with excellent leadership, organizational, communication and time management skills. Excellent analytical, Risk Management and problem solving skills. An energetic team player with the ability to communicate with people at all levels and provides coaching. Experience in managing cross-functional virtual teams and multiple projects simultaneously in various stages of the SDLC using Waterfall or Agile Scrum Methodologies. Detail oriented, self-starter and excels at multitasking. Technical skills include Microsoft Office Suite, Strong Excel skills, Microsoft Project, JIRA, SharePoint and Mac OS. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Delivery Manager - Information Systems US Cellular (via US Tech Solutions) - Chicago, IL February 2018 to August 2019 Responsible for overall leadership, planning, execution, delivery, monitoring and control of projects and programs.  • Defined and controlled the project approach, scope, staffing plan, communication plan, tasks, milestones, budgets and measures of success to support the business case. Ensured project objective, project roles and expectations were clearly understood by project team members    • Collaborated with key stakeholders and business partners to drive the right project outcomes. Represented the project team at stakeholder meetings regarding project/program health and to create buy-in for risk mitigation and contingency plans    • Held both internal and external project team members accountable to on-time completion and quality of project/program deliverables and milestones    • Lead, collaborated and influenced both internal and external technical parties on risk mitigation and issue resolution activities    • Established and maintained positive working relationships across technology and key business organizations Senior Technical Project Manager AT&T (via Kelly Mitchell ) - Schaumburg, IL March 2016 to September 2017 Technology Solutions and Business Strategy  Directed all phases of the system development management lifecycle, from inception through completion for cross-application Web based IT projects using Agile Scrum and Waterfall Methodologies.  • Led technology projects to successful completion, on time and within budget  • Managed project financials with budgets ranges of $856K to $3.6M  • Engaged cross functional teams, including offshore, supporting the implementation of the project  • Developed and maintained detailed project plans and integrated schedules  • Managed project deliverables to ensue they were in line with the project plan  • Led Project status meetings, documented and assigned action items as needed  • Recorded and managed project issues, risks and escalated as needed  • Provided weekly detailed Status summaries to executives  • Deployed 4 projects on time and within budget Senior Project Manager AT&T(via Nextgen) - Hoffman Estates, IL May 2015 to September 2015 Mobility & Home Solutions /Business Voice Over Internet Protocol  Directed all phases of the system development management lifecycle, from inception through completion for multiple complex Web application development IT projects using Common Cloud Platforms.  • Acquired resources needed for the project and product development  • Prepared and implemented detailed project plans including definition of scope, requirements, objectives resource allocation and task schedules and milestones  • Held Kickoff meetings, led Weekly Project Status review meetings with representatives from all functional teams to monitor project progress (planned vs. actual) and to ensure the project remained on schedule Functional teams included; Client Representative, System Engineering, Software Development, and Testers  • Managed, tracked projects budgets and completed true-ups monthly  • Identified risks, developed risk mitigation strategies and communicated status and risk issues to stakeholders  • Managed the day-to-day development and testing issues by working with the various stakeholders  • Reported Project status to stakeholders and upper management weekly Technical Project Manager - Services NOKIA / Alcatel-Lucent / Lucent Technologies / AT&T(via GTA) - Naperville, IL July 2012 to February 2015 Network Design Integration and Operation  • Managed the deployment of 4BR (4 Branch Receive) and Remote Electrical Down Tilt (RET) software features. Collaborated with the Remote Integration Testing Center to schedule the Radio Frequency and Performance teams requested sites. Collaborated with the PMO teams for plans to resolve open exceptions that impacted performance KPIs. Escalated issues as needed.  • Deployed the 4BR feature in over 9,600 sites  • Deployed the RET feature in over 10,000 sites  • Managed priority list of sites for Ethernet Backhaul (EBH) conversion. There were 60 performance issues resolved  • Managed 4G/LTE related issues. Tracked Customer Assistance Requests IT Program/ Project Manager AT&T(via Nextgen) - Hoffman Estates, IL October 2010 to July 2012 Business and Network Solutions  Directed all phases of the system development management lifecycle, from inception through completion for multiple complex application development projects using the Information Technology Unified Process (ITUP) and PRISM to ensure projects were delivered on time, with high quality within budget.  • Coordinated the efforts of multiple geographically diverse Cross Functional teams located in the US and internationally to complete program content based on project request  • Led Weekly Project Status review meetings with representatives from all functional teams for monitoring project progress (planned vs. actual) to the ensure project remained on schedule. Functional teams included; Client Representative, System Engineering, Software Development, and Testers.  • Managed, tracked projects budgets and completed true-ups monthly  • Identified risks, developed risk mitigation strategies and communicated status and risk issues to stakeholders  • Reported Project status to stakeholders and upper management weekly  • Deployed all assigned Projects as planned within budget Project Manager TriZetto Group - Naperville, IL March 2009 to July 2010 Directed all phases of the healthcare IT solution projects for medium to large software application development initiatives using iterative and agile methodologies.  • Prepared detailed project plans for releases  • Led/Facilitated daily standup meetings  • Tracked and communicated team velocity and sprint/release progress  • Collaborated with Scrum Master to ensure the Burn down charts were up to date  • Led/Facilitated estimation meetings and sprint planning meetings  • Led weekly Project Status review meetings with representatives from all functional teams Education MBA in Marketing North Central College - Naperville, IL MS in Information Systems North Central College - Naperville, IL Skills Outlook, budget, Estimating, Scheduling Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) Driver's License