IT Project Manager - Contract <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> - Contract IT Project Manager - Contract - Met Life Mountain Top, PA I have over 15 years of successful diversified experiences in various roles in business environments. The core of my project-based experience is in multi-million-dollar information technology initiatives and programs, where I played key roles in managing active work streams. I've worked in operational and IT settings organizing and supporting high-performing teams across numerous work locations. Recently, I earned a Master's degree in Project Management from Colorado State University and am a leader of the Keystone Chapter PMI. My experience and credentialing enable me to manage project activities within the entire spectrum of both the project and IT lifecycles. I am a certified project manager and a lifelong learner dedicated to personal growth through mastery. Work Experience IT Project Manager - Contract Met Life - Clarks Summit, PA 2018 to Present Small Market Digital IVR Marketing Enhancements - IBM / Majesco  Interactions Conversational IVR Dental Implementation - Interactions  • Responsible for all aspects of this project management from initiation to closing.  • Broke apart program-level efforts into projects and phases. Took projects from original concept through final implementation. Interfaced with all operational areas affected by the project including end users, IT partners, and vendors.  • Defined project and program scope and objectives with business and tech teams involved within the program.  • Developed detailed work plans, schedules, project estimates, resource plans, and status reports in CAPPM and MS Project.  • Conducted team meetings and was responsible for tracking and analysis of the program tracks.  • Ensured adherence to project management and estimation standards.  • Managed the integration of vendor tasks and tracks and reviews vendor deliverables.  • Provided technical and analytical guidance to project team.  • Directed the analysis and solutions of problems to resolution. Project Coordinator Cognizant Technologies - Jessup, PA 2016 to 2018 System Readiness Implementation: New Medicare Card - Facets Updates and Integrations  Cotiviti Claims Inquiry Tool as Facets Integration and New Process Implementation  HCSC Contract Enablement - Business Claims Processing Enhancements  • Worked as a team with the Sr. Project Manager to plan, organize, execute, control and close all activities and deliverables associated with the projects and programs.  • Delegated and coordinated tasks with the technical teams. Reported on progress.  • Created program (roll-up) and project resource plans and updated project schedules in CAPPM and MS Project  • Monitored, updated and communicated status, scope changes, issues, actions to technical team and project stakeholders. Involved stakeholder for decision making and escalated as needed.  • Work with functional managers and team leads to keep their resources focused on schedule and deliverables. Ensure compliance with internal control standards such as Change Management. Administrative Assistant Geisinger Healthcare 2015 to 2016 • Lead in the development of a system-wide labeling program. Worked with a contractor on the creation of program based on project specifications and end-user need. Gathered information from line staff to make modifications to project specs as needed. Conducted pilot and testing.  • Assisted in the preparation of procedural documents and communicated standards with team.  • Provided administrative support for executive and senior level management for operational activities.  • Maintained system SharePoint site. Designed, organized and created pages, libraries, and lists. Executive Assistant Sallie Mae/Navient - Wilkes-Barre, PA 2009 to 2015 C-Suite Executive Support, Center Planning (holidays and special events) and Call Center Communications Management (local)  • Developed communications plans for federal policy roll out. Implemented plans in alignment with the execution of representative's training schedules.  • Coordinated reporting updates for c-level leadership. Liaised with business partners for weekly project updates. Resolved executive level schedule conflict to plan for high priority meetings.  • Coordinated for offsite executive leadership meetings of over 75 people including dinners, flights, and travel accommodations. Assisted in the development of agenda and presentations for executive leadership meetings  • Planned and executed programming and major events for the Wellness Committee like dodge ball tournaments and wellness picnics. Led fundraising and development efforts for Relay for Life, United Way Campaign, and Christmas in July.  • Maintained contracts in Ariba for purchasing and requisition. Used People-soft for timecard approvals. Education MPM in PMP Equivalent Colorado State University Global Campus 2018 Master of Arts in Management Marywood University 2007 Associates of Science in Broadcast Technology Luzerne County Community College 2002 Skills PMP, SDLC, Waterfall, PM, Scrum Master