IT Infrastructure Manager\Service Delivery Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Infrastructure <span class="hl">Manager</span>\Service Delivery <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Infrastructure Manager\Service Delivery Manager - Public Sector City of Anaheim Ca La Palma, CA Work Experience IT Infrastructure Manager\Service Delivery Manager Public Sector City of Anaheim Ca - Anaheim, CA May 2018 to Present Delivering IT professional services to the City of Anaheim, a full-service City in Orange County, California, with over 3200 employees and 75 locations.    Managing 40 plus technical staff and provide leadership, direction for all aspects of information technology including, data center operations, network operations, desktop services and support, systems administration, security administration, database administration, voice telecommunications operation, assets management & acquisitions, work-space services and mobility, supporting City of Anaheim's day to day 24x7x365 operations including disaster recovery and business continuity. Maintain, develop, and enforce business processes to improve team efficiency and productivity. Provide cross-functional support and collaboration for team activities; service requests client SLA's and end-user support.    • Leads the organization's operational technology planning and implementation to achieve business goals.  • Analyzes business and user technical needs and recommend solutions.  • Develops and improves the IT team's capabilities, functions, policies, processes, and procedures through training and leadership    • Establishes and maintains an effective system of communications on project progress and post-implementation support throughout the organization  • Recruit, develop and retain an exceptional infrastructure services team building collaboration, partnership, and credibility    714.329.8422 • sunnybhatti@hotmail.com IT Operations Manager SynerMed Inc - Monterey Park, CA July 2015 to March 2018 SynerMed, a leading healthcare Management Service Organization (MSO) based in Monterey Park, California, with over 750 employees.  • Created short term and long term IT Operation Strategy for the IT Department to ensure agility in a rapid paced and growth work environment.    • Direction, Oversight, and Coordinating of IT resources for all projects and Daily Operations.    • Management of 20 technical staff (direct & indirect report) responsible for a corporate network. Assigns and coordinates work assignments and resolution of critical technical and procedural problems    • Created an Infrastructure-as-a-Service group to support a quickly growing company. Hired and Trained top-tier talent to support corporate infrastructure and business services.  • Transformed service desk into a performance-driven support team spanning six multinational offices with 754 employees.  • Leadership role in Data Center management, facilities & Engineering Services Contract reporting to executive management & responsible for all core technologies created and completed projects like Power and cooling redundancy for the Data Center.  • I have led Implantation of $1.2Million of Data Center design & expansion Upgraded and created redundancy for Datacenter cooling and Power capabilities, providing 24/7 monitoring tools.    • Implement/integrate and managed Unified Communication System (UCC)  • Managed Exchange, Skype for Business, Shoretel, and deployed Audio/Video Polycom conference solution across the company.    • Deployed secure printing and tracking solution with Paper cut Software to cut waste and carbon footprint, enable secure print and release as well as push print policies Enterprise-Wide    • Daily monitoring & respond to security threats/events using SCOM, develop and or Design control procedures and policies, and supervise remediation efforts  • Deployed, Design and managed VMware Airwatch mobile operations environment and MDM solution for both Corporate and BOYD devices management (MDM) system, including mobile configuration management, remote device control, auditing, wiping, data synchronization, firmware updates, diagnostics, security, network usage, mobile asset tracking and management, device provisioning, software installation, policy application, logging, and reporting.  • Managed Helpdesk & Provided Engineering (tier-4) Support. Trained Help Desk personnel for Active Directory, Exchange 2016, and Skype for business, Shoretel director, Polycom Audio/Video conference to name few.  • Created implemented and enforced enterprise-wide security and HIPAA standards related to all hardware, Software, building, and employees security and safety best pra  714.329.8422 • sunnybhatti@hotmail.com    • PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Continued    • Daily monitoring & respond to security threats/events using SCOM, develop and or Design control procedures and policies, and supervise remediation efforts  • Deployed, Design and managed VMware Airwatch mobile operations environment and MDM solution for both Corporate and BOYD devices management (MDM) system, including mobile configuration management, remote device control, auditing, wiping, data synchronization, firmware updates, diagnostics, security, network usage, mobile asset tracking and management, device provisioning, software installation, policy application, logging, and reporting.  • Managed Helpdesk & Provided Engineering (tier-4) Support. Trained Help Desk personnel for Active Directory, Exchange 2016, and Skype for business, Shoretel director, Polycom Audio/Video conference to name few.  • Collaborated with VDI Engineers and Trained Help Desk Personal in Administer, delivering in setting up, configuring, deploying, and support Thin Client using VDI throughout the enterprise.  • Created implemented and enforced enterprise-wide security and HIPAA standards related to all hardware, Software, building, and employees security and safety best practices IT Manager / IT- Project Manager B&H Education, Inc - Whittier, CA February 2011 to January 2015 150+ mil. A national chain of 62 professional schools in the cosmetology market, with over 1000 employees.  • Provide Support and Manage over 1000 employees in 62 campuses across five states.  • Provided day-to-day process support and Project Management to complete several ITIL/ITSM projects in preparation for Service Desk centralization. Provided leadership to a team including members of other units in the execution of ITIL/ITSM  • Tested & established different criteria to ensure compliance issue against established KPI    • IT Service Management (ITSM) based on ITIL best practices Provide comprehensive LAN/WAN and management support to B&H Education's Infrastructure including but not limited to hardware, operating systems, and business applications.    • Apply Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL) framework complete executive summaries for all severity 1 and severity of 2 requests.  • Produce proactive reports, trending analysis, service level reporting, process consultation, and application of ITIL best practices.  • Manage and chair in the Incident Management process consultation for all business units.  • I have implemented Barracuda's Firewalls/Spam filters and Load Balancer, Barracuda SSLVPN connections, and WAN connectivity.  • Maintaining the documented Windows Operating System and/Exchange and SharePoint  • Provide redundant solutions to minimize business disruption by taking advantage of our multiple sites  • Administering and supporting Windows servers (2000,2003,2008) ,Exchange(2007/2010), SQL(2000, 2005, 2008) in a complex network environment  714.329.8422 • sunnybhatti@hotmail.com Education Bachelor of Science in Biological Sciences & Chemistry in Biological Sciences & Chemistry University of California - Irvine, CA Skills Active directory, Cisco, Dns, Exchange, Iis, Itil, Networking, Openview, Tcp/ip, Vlan, Visio, Catalyst, Citrix, Dhcp, Lan/wan, Mpls, Tcp, Vmware, Informix, Sql server, Data Center, LAN, Migration, PMP Additional Information SELECTED TECHNICAL SKILLS    Platforms: Microsoft Windows, UNIX, Novell, Cisco IOS, Citrix, Microsoft Exchange, IIS, VMware  Networking: LAN/WAN, TCP/IP, IPSec, IPX, DNS, DHCP, SMTP, SNMP, HTTP, TFTP, MPLS, ATM, Frame Relay, Ethernet, ISDN, ARP, VLAN    Methodologies: ITIL Framework, Service Desk, IT Operations Management  Tools: Active Directory, HP OpenView, HP ManageX, NetApp, BMC Patrol, Compaq Insight Manager, Cisco Vital Agent, Cisco Local Director, Cisco Catalyst Switches, SAP, SQL Server, Informix, Crystal Reports, Visio, Microsoft Project