Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Claremont, CA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager West Coast Carpet one - Laguna Hills, CA 2019 to Present Dealing with customers in person out in the field as well as in a showroom.  Also communicated with customers via email and phone calls.  ? Dealing with shipping and receiving as well as managing CRM system.  ? Trouble shooting issues for customers.  ? Testing computer and other hardware and software for certain applications.  ? Very technologically literate. Fluent in Quickbooks, all Microsoft office programs and many apple platforms. As well as many CRM's.  ? Digital Estimate software such as Xactimate and Xactanalysis. All Adobe programs.  Project Manager - Retail & Insurance- The last year I have been mainly focusing on learning  how to run jobs on the insurance side of the flooring industry.Opened new jobs did the sketches and estimates out in the field. Helped customers in our showroom, as well as at  vendors showrooms, with the material selection process. As well as oversee the production of my jobs and coordinate very clearly with all parties involved(installers, Vendors, Field  Adjusters, Etc.)  ? Very efficient calling skills as well as face-to-face encounters.  ? Trained to handle insurance related jobs and all necessary correspondence with insurance agencies and the insured.  ? Excellent Computer skills as well as mobile device platforms such as Android OS, Motorola and Apple OS. Trained to use digital estimate software such as Xactimate and  Xactanalysis. All Adobe programs.  ? Experience with Google analytics and SEO/ Web Design and Marketing.    Sales Associate- Setting up and organizing our showroom daily. Setting up and tearing down new displays and products. Coordinate appointments with vendor reps to obtain newest  products and product knowledge. Would attend necessary trade shows each year and gather  PK to help forecast and project sales and profit margins. Sales Associate/ Project Manager West Coast Carpet One 2018 to 2018 Project Manager/Office Manager/Quality Control HND Remodeling 2015 to 2018 Project Manager/Production Manager/Inside Sales Manager/General Manager AAA Construction - Laguna Hills, CA 2014 to 2015 Fabricator/Shophand West Coast Speed - Covina, CA 2013 to 2014 I.T. Work/ Technician JTSquared - Irvine, CA 2012 to 2013 Education Associate in Digital Communications Saddleback College August 2012 to June 2016 Tesoro High School September 2008 to June 2012 Skills budget, Outlook, Scheduling, Estimating, Maintenance, Quickbooks (5 years), Customer Service, Sales, Word, Salesforce (3 years), Measuring (5 years), SEO (2 years), Account Management, Acrobat (3 years), MS Office, Microsoft Word, Management, Marketing, Microsoft Office