Technical Project Manager Technical <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Technical Project Manager and Lead Estimator - eLoyalty, a TeleTech Company Winter Haven, FL • Over 7 years of experience in Technical Project Management, hardware and software asset management and commercial financial analysis.  • Solid project leadership skills combined with strong business acumen and in-depth analytical skills.  • Responsible for the creation of all project documentation, including functional and technical requirements, gathering, and assisting with deliverable creation as needed.   • Consistently ensure project deliverables are on time and on budget while meeting customer satisfaction expectations.   • Experience creating WBS, Project Plans, Issue Logs, Risk Logs.  • Experienced in overseeing network infrastructure deployments  • Experienced in managing budgets and a staff of 15+ architects and engineers.   • Effectively communicate project expectations, project goals, scope, budget, resources, and timeline, and general project status with team members, project stakeholders, and sponsors.   • Manage the overall customer relationship, have full command of the customer business model, and demonstrate respect and responsiveness to customer needs.   • Manage multimillion projects from the beginning to completion of the project lifecycle.  • ServiceNow Knowledge.  • Experience in using MS Office in an advance level.  • Fluent in Spanish.  • Proficient in German Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Technical Project Manager eLoyalty, a TeleTech Company December 2015 to July 2019 • Monitor and review project progress and timelines and adjust schedules and plans as needed.  • Identify and resolve issues to ensure project success.  • Effectively communicate project expectations, project goals, scope, budget, resources, and timeline, and general project status with team members, project stakeholders, and sponsors.  • Manage the overall customer relationship, have full command of the customer business model, and demonstrate respect and responsiveness to customer needs.  • Facilitate review sessions with the client and project team, prepare user documentation and training documentation as necessary.  • Leverage business knowledge and expertise to drive business process improvements.  • Establish and maintain trusted adviser relationships with client project stakeholders.  • Analyze the trends of KPI's for vice-presidents and general management, estimating project durations and verifying risks.  • Responsible for all of the Cisco Unified communications projects around the world in different regions and manage the metrics for the company around the projects.  • In charge of all daily, weekly and monthly meetings with vice-presidents and different project stakeholders.  • Responsible for managing all Cisco Infrastructure Projects  • Experience with migrating UCCE 9.5 to 10.5 or 10.5 to 11.6 on premise and cloud environments.  • Experience with migrating databases from HDS servers to SAN servers.  • Experience managing projects developing software, including Finesse, ECE, and eGain Chat.  • Project manager of various call recording migrations from Calabrio and Verint.  • Work with various DOD companies within the Federal Government.  • Experience managing budgets and a staff of 15+ architects and engineers.  • Manage multimillion projects from the beginning to completion of the project lifecycle. IT Project Manager Hewlett Packard Costa Rica March 2014 to December 2015 • Articulated project goals and scope, translated business needs into technical terms, prepared detailed work breakdown structures (WBS) and instilled shared accountability for achieving project milestones.  • Manage complex data and business analysis to develop business plans and make recommendations.  • Work independently to construct complex statistical and financial models to forecast business performance.  • Define the metrics required to measure business performance, compares actual data to forecasted values, and develop the process for identifying and addressing performance gaps.  • Manage complex, time sensitive market research projects and synthesize data and information to identify relevant trends and next steps.  • Work with cross-functional teams across the entire span of business planning activities.  • Contribute to priority projects with complex analyses and assist in developing recommendations.  • Work closely with business leaders to develop business plans based on historical and forecasted data and reports.  • Develop go-forward business plan recommendations based on potential risks and returns.  • Identify cutting-edge analytical tools, models, and methods for making key business decisions.  • Validate budget information of various segments.  • Perform root cause analysis to identify which are the main variables affecting the scope or sales budget.  • Manage full time employees remotely.  • Manage projects from start to end, being the escalation point of contact.  • Handle project schedules, meetings migrations, transitions and process improvement projects.  • Resolve numerous project issues including staffing shortages, tactical matters, scope creep and user needs. Project Manager and Hardware/Software Senior Asset Analyst Hewlett Packard Costa Rica July 2011 to March 2014 • Manage projects from start to completion, as the escalation point of contact.  • Handle project schedules, meetings, create WBS charts, and handle budget costs, including the quality and risks that a project might have.  • Responsible for migrations, transitions and process improvement projects.  • IT hardware & software asset administration for the Convatec and Rolls Royce accounts.  • Control, analysis and discrepancy solution owner.  • Accountable for the appropriate tracking of server, EUC, and SW records stored in Asset Center/Asset Manager as a centralized repository tool.  • Lead calls with HP field technicians when random and scheduled asset audits are implemented.  • Monitor assets through auto-discovery tools and match against physical inventories to prepare client billing.  • Responsible for asset attribute accuracy and contract management compliance.  • Partner with client counterparts to establish logical metrics against the data.  • Generate value added reporting solutions through Excel spreadsheets.  • Software license asset management.  • Accountable for all license tracking, entitlement reports, PO reports, inventory management and revision of license contracts.  • Monitor license usage through auto discovery tools and match against inventory.  • Responsible for accuracy and compliance, attention to detail and reconciliation.  • Prepare software license compliance reports, user license utilization, and SW license purchase forecast.  • Extensive MS SharePoint knowledge for issue management and tracking of issues across regions. Education Bachelor's Degree in Business Administration Universidad Latina de Costa Rica Skills asset management. (10+ years), budget (8 years), budgets (10+ years), documentation (10+ years), financial analysis. (10+ years), leadership skills (10+ years), project documentation (10+ years), project leadership (10+ years), project lifecycle. (10+ years), Project management (10+ years), satisfaction (Less than 1 year), software asset management (10+ years), Technical project management (10+ years), technical requirements (Less than 1 year), Scheduling (9 years), Outlook (10+ years), Word (10+ years), Estimating (10+ years), Maintenance (10+ years), Microsoft Project (10+ years), Customer Service Certifications/Licenses PMP May 2015 to Present Additional Information SUMMARY OF SKILLS  • Over 7 years of experience in Technical Project Management, hardware and software asset management and commercial financial analysis.  • Solid project leadership skills combined with strong business acumen and in-depth analytical skills.  • Responsible for the creation of all project documentation, including functional and technical requirements, gathering, and assisting with deliverable creation as needed.  • Consistently ensure project deliverables are on time and on budget while meeting customer satisfaction expectations.  • Experienced in managing budgets and a staff of 15+ architects and engineers.  • Effectively communicate project expectations, project goals, scope, budget, resources, and timeline, and general project status with team members, project stakeholders, and sponsors.  • Manage the overall customer relationship, have full command of the customer business model, and demonstrate respect and responsiveness to customer needs.  • Manage multimillion projects from the beginning to completion of the project lifecycle.  • Fluent in Spanish.