IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager - INTERAMERICAN DEVELOPMENT BANK Fairfax, VA PMP and Professional Scrum Master, bilingual -spanish- customer services advocate with over 20 years of experience in information technology areas such as project management, system management, end user support, messaging, mobility, among others. Expert and highly familiar with Waterfall and Agile technologies. Solid understanding of ITIL services. Frequently interact with customers, IT providers and upper management on topics such as technology needs, IT strategies and innovation.    MANAGEMENT SKILLS   • Hands-on, dedicated professional with over 20 years of experience in IT services and management - 8 years of experience in project management.  • Recognized for delivering leading edge solutions that consistently meet complex business requirements.  • Possess strong knowledge of the software development and IT product design lifecycle.  • Proven ability to lead cross-functional project teams.  • Proven ability to resolve complex problems, quickly diagnosing and identifying issues and determining the proper resolutions  • Great at interpersonal communication both in Spanish and English– effective coordinator, excellent verbal and written communication skills.   • Strong negotiating, listening and interpersonal skills. Adept in building strong relationships with IT staff, customers and vendors.  • Focuses on meeting customer expectations by being a customer service advocate. Work Experience IT Project Manager INTERAMERICAN DEVELOPMENT BANK - Washington, AR March 2018 to Present ? Oversees software developments on the bank's ServiceNow platform by enforcing Agile methodologies that resulted in reduction of cycle time by 20% thus increasing team's throughput in less than 8 weeks.  ? Lead Scrum team composed by three different vendors, working with cross functional teams focusing on cutting down delivery times and increasing customer satisfaction.  ? Supervise business analyst, quality assurance personnel and developers in establishing high-performing IT project teams and ensuring their understanding on business objectives to make certain that project deliverables are completed on time, within budget and as per costumer's expectations.  ? Run project team meetings to drive completion of tasks, work through bottlenecks, assess risks and raise issues to management. Present results to project teams and external stakeholders.  ? Led the BizTalk 2016 Migration project valued at $765K to upgrade the bank's interface enterprise bus successfully delivering project on-budget and on-time. This project migrated over 400 interfaces supporting operational, departmental and Corporate processes. Near 10% of those interfaces went from on-premise to cloud services. Benefits: reduction of risk associated with staying in an environment that is out of support and reduces the need to capitalize costs in the future as some parts of the service can be converted to subscription-based services that are used based upon business needs IT End User Support Manager EMPRESAS POLAR - Caracas, VE January 2014 to July 2016 ? Outlined work plans, determined resources, wrote timelines and generated initial budgets as part of project scope for Personal Computer Projects such as: Windows 7 Migration, Office 2013, Mobile Device Management Implementation, among others.  ? Managed technology vendor relationships and service agreements for hardware and software. Monitored and provided feedback on vendor performance while driving optimal operational results. Oversaw quality support for global vendors.  ? Worked with change management and transition teams to update legacy systems, including training, with new systems and processes, regarding productivity software, desktop applications and personal computer hardware.  ? Oversaw company information technology deployment and maintenance of PC systems and mobile environment.  ? Recruited and supervised Team of 12 End User Lead Technicians Supporting more than 12,000 devices over a geographical area encompassing Venezuela and Colombia.  ? Led cloud services adoption projects involving Microsoft Office 365 and IBM Connections Cloud Education Bachelor's degree in Advanced Management Program Instituto Universitario Politecnico de las Fuerzas Armadas - Annandale, VA Skills CUSTOMER SERVICE, Communications, PM, SDLC, PMP, Scrum Master, Leadership, PM, SDLC, Scrum Master, Itil, Project Management, Information Technology Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) Professional Scrum Master (PSM) Present Microsoft Certified Professional (MCP) Present Additional Information MANAGEMENT SKILLS  • Hands-on, dedicated professional with over 20 years of experience in IT services and management - 8 years of experience in project management.  • Recognized for delivering leading edge solutions that consistently meet complex business requirements.  • Possess strong knowledge of the software development and IT product design lifecycle.  • Proven ability to lead cross-functional project teams.  • Proven ability to resolve complex problems, quickly diagnosing and identifying issues and determining the proper resolutions  • Great at interpersonal communication both in Spanish and English- effective coordinator, excellent verbal and written communication skills.  • Strong negotiating, listening and interpersonal skills. Adept in building strong relationships with IT staff, customers and vendors.  • Focuses on meeting customer expectations by being a customer service advocate.