Project Manager Acquisitions & Divestitures <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Acquisitions &amp; Divestitures Project Manager Acquisitions & Divestitures Corinth, TX Would like to find a Senior PM role, either remote or office based (North Dallas) where I can contribute to the success of an organization. Some travel is acceptable. Perm or contract. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager Acquisitions & Divestitures Lehigh Hanson June 2018 to May 2019 • Assist Strategy & Development with the structure and contractual terms of acquisitions and divestitures.  • Oversee IT and operational integrations ensuring work is completed in a timely manner and within the terms and conditions of the transitional service agreement (TSA).  • Managed the relationship between LHI personnel and the organizations we worked with.  • Execute billing, payables and receivables associated with TSA services.  • Conduct process improvement within Shared Services division along with restructuring of key performance indicators and associated reporting. Sr. Project Manager Lehigh Hanson - Irving, TX March 2016 to May 2019 position eliminated due to business downturn) IT Senior Project Manager FTE December March 2016 to December 2016 2016 to June 2018)    • Managed the integration of multiple large cement companies. Project duties included:  ? Determined scope, objectives, budget and schedule along with selection of team members and Steering Committee.  ? Managed the establishment of new business entities, profit and cost centers, bank accounts, EDI links and lock box services.  ? Integration of multiple IT systems (SAP, CDM, JDE, others), networks, plus SSC, Finance and Regional operations.  ? Managed the acquisition, scrubbing, mapping and loading of master data files.  ? Identified pre-acquisition system/service gaps in relation to post integration systems and services. Resolved gaps prior to cutover.  ? Managed the creation of test scripts, expected results and execution of user acceptance testing.  ? Managed the development of material and the execution of training classes to teach process and system navigation to all new users.  ? Designed and structured rapid support team for post go-live support.  • Managed the divestiture of large cement division of LHI (12 month project). Responsibilities included:  ? Carve out divisional cement systems, data and people so they were separated from LHI.  ? Established and managed a transition service team to support the divisional cement business during a one year transition to the new owners.  ? Managed the relationship with European based buyer and all transition activities (systems, process, data and networking)  • Managed a variety of other projects including:  ? System selection and implementation  ? Process improvement  ? Establishment/revision of Key Performance Indicators for Invoice to Cash process  ? Design of SSC dashboard to display KPI's with drill down capabilities from North American view, to regional as well as management unit views. Senior Project Manager Schumacher Group December 2014 to October 2015 • Managed development of an Enterprise Architecture "current state" document and designed/implemented a process (including establishment of owners) to manage the on-going maintenance. Conducted SWOT analysis (strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats) associated with the existing Enterprise Architecture.  • Managed the development and deployment of processes and defined decision makers for over 100 major decisions within the organization. Decisions/ processes related to business development, personnel hiring/ counseling/ termination, non-standard contracts and budgets.  • Project Manager for conversion of in-house billing system to cloud solution with GE. Program Manager AIG January 2014 to December 2014 Program Manager for international IT infrastructure project. Managed 7 project managers with related and dependent projects implementing SCCM and addressing workstation compliance (over 70,000 workstations/laptops) to satisfy an internal audit.  • Managed program to integrate over 100 standalone help desk groups (international) within a centralized Global Service Desk. Planned and organized build-out of two new call centers in Europe with bi-lingual staffing. Project scope included build out of facilities, staffing, implementation of standard processes, call routing within and between call centers, and measurable service levels. Project Manager Williamson Dickie Mfg May 2013 to November 2013 Managed a variety of projects successfully completing them on time, within budget and with a high degree of customer satisfaction. Key projects included:  • Software implementation for production planning and forecasting,  • Upgrade of Hyperion budget and forecasting software, along with a redesign and re-implementation of the Planning module.  • Workflow design and implementation of Concur automated payment of supplier invoices, and many others. GM Finance - Project Manager February 2013 to April 2013 Hired as PM for international implementation of Oracle ERP. Left on good terms when it was mutually agreed the role needed was administrative only. Project Manager AIG October 2012 to February 2013 Hired to lead audit remediation project. Left on good terms when workload continued at a level of less than 4 hours per week. (Re-hired by AIG at later date for work with more substance.) Education MBA in MIS University of Missouri B.S. in Business Administration U of Missouri Skills budget, Outlook, Estimating, Word, Microsoft Project, Customer Service, Maintenance, Scheduling Military Service Branch: US Navy Service Country: United States Rank: E-5 Trained and worked in Information Technology. Stationed at National Security Agency for entire 4 year tour.