Technical Project Manager & Business Analyst Technical <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> &amp; Business Analyst Business Analyst with Entrepreneurial Experience Minneapolis-Saint Paul, MN Work Experience Technical Project Manager & Business Analyst MediaBeacon - Minneapolis, MN April 2017 to August 2019 Worked with industry names such as Mattel, Tyson Foods, T. Rowe Price, Mercedes, & Becton  Dickinson  ? Managed customer expectations, delivery timelines, and project scope to provide solutions on time and within budget, Acted as the Voice of the Customer to internal MediaBeacon team  members  ? Utilized Agile methods to build out final product - iteratively building & testing until goals reached  ? Facilitated Discovery and Implementation workshops on-site or remotely to gain alignment  between stakeholders and project team, confirm scope, timing & deliverables  ? Operated independently to provide high quality work products to an engagement. Performed  varied and complex duties and tasks that needed independent judgment, in order to implement  new applications or enhancements to meet customer needs. (Freelance) IT Consultant/Architect Kataku Technology February 2012 to February 2017 Assisted clients in developing IT best practices & strategy, Coordinated and managed IT projects  from mapping out project scope to execution of project deliverables  ? Write & architect presentations and workshops to gain stakeholder alignment on requirements  ? Led team that supported over 150 clients internationally  ? Vetted and utilized business partnerships locally and abroad to enhance available services    VOLUNTEER Ambassador BNI Minnesota & Northern Wisconsin 2014 to 2017 I helped Regional Directors support their chapters throughout MN & WI by using consultative techniques and leveraging my public speaking skills BNI MN, President Premier Professionals 2015 to 2016 As President, it was my job to run the chapter, oversee the weekly meetings, and drive growth of the chapter. The Vice President, Secretary/Treasurer, and several committees reported directly to me. Education Bachelor of Management Information Systems in MIS Luther College - Decorah, IA June 2011 Skills Application design, Life cycle, Requirements analysis, Sdlc, Systems architecture, Use case, Case analysis, Use case analysis, Software as a service, Saas, It infrastructure, Optimization, Data analysis, Mapping, Systems analysis, Change management, Coaching, Mentoring, Training, Continuous improvement Additional Information AREAS OF EXPERTISE  Customer Experience Optimization  ? Standard Operating Procedures - Develop, refine, and document standard operating  procedures (SOP) to improve project delivery timing by 15-50% and raise consistency and quality  of project outcomes  ? Agile Project Management - Manage projects using agile methodologies, as well as perform  requirements analysis, change management, technical writing, and business analysis.  ? Continuous Improvement - Development of customer-facing continuous improvement  consulting by improving business processes through implementation of non-proprietary Lean and  Agile methods.  ? Multi-Channel Experience - by developing unification of brand message and identity, across  channels and throughout the entire customer life cycle.    Business Analysis & Process  ? Requirements Gathering & Analysis - Interfaced and partnered with key stakeholders to  evaluate business requirements and high-level strategy in order to prepare the detailed functional  and technical specifications that follow project guidelines. Wore multiple hats within the project  from BA, PM roles to moving between strategic plans to tactical plans. Reviewed overall  processes and drove decision analysis using data analysis techniques.  ? Facilitation - Experienced speaker and facilitator. Able to plan, organize, and run  meetings/presentations for communication, validation, and consensus. Presented and evaluated  design solutions objectively and facilitated conflict resolution. Worked closely with business teams  to strategize solutions that support long term business objectives. Design-minded with proficiency  in creating communications, PowerPoints, and other documentation.  ? Change Management - Collaborate with key leaders to develop and execute plans that prepare  end users for change through clear communication and documentation.  ? Communication - Made abstract concepts, issues and information clear and understandable to  a wide variety of audiences through a variety of communication formats. Experience with leading  meetings, managing small teams, owning team results and applying different business methods.  Advised client users on application design alternatives and business process change  opportunities. Extremely detailed-oriented with strong written and oral communication skills.    Project Management  ? Effective Problem Solving - resolve Issues that need attention regularly and predict potential  problems in advance while brainstorming solutions. Develop backup plans and alternatives  available to prevent costly delays and keep work on track. Ability to work with ambiguity, create    Adam Kobler Resume 1 Page  ADAM KOBLER  Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area Kobler.Adam@gmail.com 952.250.7158    structure, and manage time across multiple priorities. Creativity and ability/willingness to think  outside the box.  ? Documentation / Communication - communicate with project team members, report progress  or problems to clients, and negotiate with vendors. Created functional requirements documents,  Analyzed and mapped existing processes, and Developed and delivered end-user training.  ? Team Leadership / Management - Lead and motivate project team, resolve personality  conflicts and boost team spirit to guard against late or sloppy work. Delegate work to hold  individuals accountable. Set goals, evaluate performance, and encourage collaboration.  ? Methods - Used several software delivery methodologies (Agile/Waterfall/Hybrid). Displayed  strong written, presentation, and verbal communication; including clear structure and main points.    TECHNICAL SKILLS    ? Project Management  ? Requirements  Gathering  ? Troubleshooting  ? Value Stream Mapping  ? Technical Writing  ? Public Speaking  ? Facilitation &  Communication  ? Relationship Building  ? Business Analysis  ? Systems Analysis  ? Systems Architecture  ? Solution Architecture  ? Software as a Service  (SaaS)  ? Root Cause Analysis  ? Process Mapping  ? IT Infrastructure  ? SDLC  ? Business Process  Management (BPM)  ? Use Case Analysis  ? Coaching/Mentoring    Adam Kobler Resume 3 Page