ENTERPRISE TECHNOLOGY PROJECT ASSOCIATE ENTERPRISE TECHNOLOGY <span class="hl">PROJECT</span> ASSOCIATE Global Project Management Specialist Corona, NY Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience ENTERPRISE TECHNOLOGY PROJECT ASSOCIATE NEW YORK POST - New York, NY January 2017 to April 2017 SELECT CONTRIBUTIONS/ACHIEVEMENTS:  ? Analyzed highly sensitive business intelligence data  ? Coordinated IT contracts and equipment procurement  ? Safeguarded company's intellectual property database (Crown Jewels)  ? Review reports and manage KPI's with Shared IT Services  ? Offer help desk support for users and department managers  ? Generated financial reports and project documents utilizing G-Suite  ? Audit project budgets for over $1,000,000+ for technology projects  ? Interact with IT contractors and vendors for enterprise solutions  ? Oversee enterprise telecommunication accounts (AT&T, and Sprint) PROJECT MANAGER DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE - Fort Drum, NY September 2013 to May 2016 SELECT CONTRIBUTIONS/ACHIEVEMENTS:  ? Served as a project coordinator for UX testing and acquisition projects  ? Analyzed parameters including costs, time-lines, technical functions, benefits and risks  ? Created the Program Master Schedule that identifies milestones and high level requirements  ? Estimated and managed budgets for over $750,000 of sensitive military property  ? Supported the program manager and the operations team in troubleshooting process disruptions  ? Lead scrum meetings with team members and collaborated on the execution of weekly project sprints  ? Prepared weekly progress and milestone reports for key stakeholders and developers  ? Facilitated the migration from outdated communication protocols to next-generation systems  ? Assisted project management executives on the implementation of agile methodologies  ? Conceptualized various methodologies to approach and mitigate risks and achieve quick-to-market results IT Project Manager (Consultant) PSEG - Newark, NJ ? Served as Project Manager and Scrum Master lead for cross-functional teams  ? Executed PDLC/SDLC for software and cyber security infrastructure projects  ? Performed architectural review process for infrastructure implementation  ? Assess project compliance with Sarbanes-Oxley Act IT security controls  ? Created financial project forecasts, cost estimation, snapshots, and vendor engagement  ? Provided cost forecast, baseline scope, and create project budget  ? Administer and use PPM Tool (HP-PPM)  ? Reviewed testing and quality analysis using HP Quality Center software  ? Assisted Scrum Product Owner in creating User Stories  ? Engaged and report to key stakeholders on project status  ? Validated quality standards using Lean Six Sigma best practices  ? Lead daily scrum, sprint, and retrospect meetings  ? Participated in Change Management weekly meetings Education MASTERS OF SCIENCE in PROJECT MANAGEMENT NEW YORK UNIVERSITY (SCHOOL OF PROFESSIONAL STUDIES) - New York, NY May 2017 BACHELORS OF ARTS in PRE-LAW PONTIFICAL CATHOLIC UNIVERSITY OF PUERTO RICO December 2011 Skills Agile, scrum, kanban, microsoft enterprise, G-Suite, Atlasssian Jira, SFTP, Microsoft Project, SG Project 5, Parallels, iOS, Gantter, DoD issued Secret Security Clearance (4 years) Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/victor-d-chaparro-849917109 Military Service Branch: Army Service Country: United States Rank: Specialist September 2013 to June 2016 Certifications/Licenses OSHA 10 September 2016 to Present Lean Six Sigma Yellow Belt January 2017 to Present Certified Scrum Master January 2018 to Present Additional Information Over the years, I had been part of unique experiences that exemplifies how project management can affect the outcome of highly sensitive operations and their impact in an organization. Timeliness, accuracy and confidentiality are the key components for the successful outcome and achievement of the organization’s goals. Are you looking for a Project Manager who can truly accomplish goals within the there major constrains involved in projects: scope, budget and schedule, and can be truly aware and accountable for his duties while maintaining a high sense of ownership and motivation? If so, I am the person who can deliver these and many other contributions.    As you will notice on the enclosed résumé, the breath of my expertise covers a wide range of responsibilities. Dedication, situational awareness, confidentiality and a meticulous work philosophy are some of my defining characteristics as a Project Manager. After honorably serving in the military, has been a critical experience that has tailored my discipline in both professional and personal aspects, being recognized by my peers to achieve critical success and accelerated service. Would you like to have in your organization some of these events to take place?    -A 0% incident rate related to misuse of sensitive information in a 3 year period    -An individual with a keen sense of urgency and situational awareness    -That creative and new methodologies will solve your organization's most complex challenges    -A team player, with formal project management training from a top-ranking university that can truly disseminate knowledge to peers and apply learned lessons    -A professional with a DoD issued Secret Security Clearance, responsible for over $750,000 worth  of military grade equipment and sensitive personnel information    This accomplishments and assets demonstrate what I have done in the past for my previous employers and can do in the future for you. At your convenience, I would like to meet with you and explore the possibility of utilizing my experience and knowledge to benefit your organization. I will be in touch with you to see if we can arrange an appointment. Thank you for your time and consideration.    Sincerely,  Victor D. Chaparro Miranda