IT Infrastructure Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Infrastructure <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Infrastructure Project Manager Cary, NC PMP certified project manager who excels at motivating cross cultural teams, building consensus, and creating environments that produce positive results.   Lean Six Sigma and ITIL Foundation certifications.    • Data Center Consolidation Project for MCI Telecommunications Global Network Management Center, Cary, NC.    • Manager of data center server implementation process for FDA regulated SAP ERP applications, database, web servers and network security systems.    • Data Center Migration and Consolidation Project for Becton Dickinson Enterprise SAP ERP Data Center in Research Triangle Park, NC.    • Network core switch and router upgrade for Becton Dickinson Research Center in Research Triangle Park, NC.     • Managed Internet Network Operations Center for Internet MCI Telecommunications supporting network backbone, ISP access circuits, CoREN Regional networks, and the Super-Computer Data Centers in continental USA.    • Installed Telecommunications sites for United States Department of State for Europe, Middle-East, Africa region. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Infrastructure Project Manager BD TECHNOLOGY - Research Triangle Park, NC March 2007 to March 2016 • Project Leader for the Enterprise Server Migration and Consolidation Project. A total of 273 individual Sun Oracle, Linux, and Windows servers were relocated and/or upgraded. This involved the installation of 14 equipment bays with 10 full-size 19-inch racks each configured with dual power and dual switch fiber fabric. 17 “blocks” of servers were migrated over a 6-month period. The consolidation was accomplished with no system outage at any of the 153 sites.    • Project leader and process owner for IT Service Management Implementation Process.  Accountable for installation of Sun Oracle, VMware, Linux, Windows systems at BD Enterprise Data Centers located in North Carolina, New Jersey, Belgium, Singapore. During recent fiscal year 62 hardware servers, 168 VMware slices, 57 SAN storage LUNs, 3 Sun enterprise servers, 12 Sun zones, 8 network appliances, and 10 server OS reconfigurations were installed and completed.    • Deployed ITIL Service Management procedures to Enterprise Data Center and Network Operations Center support staff. Defined and documented: Incident Management procedures, Change Management process, Release Management process for Cisco routers/switches, and Problem Management for chronic issues.    • Created project plans and led projects through site surveys, network and systems design, detailed IT cost estimates, procurement, project phase gates, and C-level funding approvals. Drove technology projects from initial portfolio approval through SDLC, Feasibility, SRS, SDS, OAT, FDA validation, and go-live.    • Created SOX Controls for SAP PRD Data and System backups. Wrote SOX test plans for controls. Ran quarterly SOX testing and reported results into the SOX system. Skills ITIL (9 years), SDLC Waterfall Development (9 years), Project Management (8 years), Six Sigma Green Belt (10+ years), Waterfall