Sr. ERP Project Coordinator Sr. ERP <span class="hl">Project</span> Coordinator ERP and IT Project Management Professional; CPA and CISA candidate New York, NY I always seek to move forward in my career, and obtain more education and experience; and I always aim to give my best at whatever I do. I aspire to gain more education and experience while providing my prospective employer with an eager, ambitious employee who can add value through global ERP and IT management experience.    As I believe that challenges craft high achievers, I challenged myself and successfully handled a full load of work and coursework in college concurrently. I was delighted to obtain my B.S in Accounting Information Systems from San Jose State University in California. I gained tremendous IT project management experience along with other marketing and accounting experience by working for high profile companies in various industries, different sectors, and different countries through my employment at Cisco Systems, Aleppo Chamber of Industries, and ASIA Pharmaceutical Industries.    This experience enabled me to obtain a well-rounded professional background, and recognize the career path that best suits my talents. I was impressed when I learned that AIS is the discipline that facilitates communication between accountants, IT and business professionals; therefore, I decided that I should seek it as it is a more challenging accounting career. As I got more into the IT business life, I realized that managing the business IS architecture and IT management would create more value for my skills. Work Experience Sr. ERP Project Coordinator ASIA Pharmaceutical Industries - Aleppo August 2011 to August 2013 Reporting to ASIA Corporate Supply Chain Manager:  I. ERP SDLC Execution:   • Reengineered business operating procedures for Supply Chain, Finance, Operations, and HR departments.  • Developed material management procedures in six warehouses improving MM efficiency by 60%.  • Evaluated ERP vendors, and analyzed ERP Systems including SAP, MS and Open ERP.   • Led a cross-functional team to gather ERP needs, document new procedures in SOPs, and implement new procedures, for example:  ? Designed and executed a coding system for over 2000 raw materials, 4000 packaging materials; and 2000 WIP and finished goods; and normalized data to create an EDI relational data base.  ? Implemented a data base architecture of BoMs to over 2000 pharmaceutical products.  ? Created and maintained a new coding system to over 400 Machines, and reconciled CAPEX data.   • Trained facilities’ managers and employees to apply the new operating procedures; and monitored implementation.  II. Enterprise Analysis:  • Planed and implemented an enterprise Value Stream Mapping analysis; and held training sessions for departments’ heads and 100 other managerial employees.  • Assessed manpower distribution in 15 manufacturing facilities; developing job functions for over 800 employees; and clarifying the hiring, rotation and training needs to management. Project Manager (Volunteer) Aleppo Chamber of Industries - Aleppo January 2010 to August 2010 Responsibilities  Reporting to the Vise President of the Chamber of Industries:    - Analyze the implementation of an ERP system in the chamber.  - Design the data base for over 3000 manufacturing facilities in Aleppo city.  - Collect data through questionnaire with the owners of manufacturing facilities.  - Manage a series of educative lectures made for the owners of manufacturing facilities. IT Project Manager Cisco Systems Corp - San Jose, CA 2008 to 2010 Reporting to the Cisco TelePresence Solution Operations Manager:   I. TelePresence High-Profile Events Management:  • Managed over 100 high profile events with special TelePresence setups: gathered VP special requirements, assessed requirements’ feasibility, and facilitated the human and technical resources required.  • Directed on-site support team of engineers to monitor life events, and trouble shoot any operational issues during events while communicating the trouble shooting updates to management.  II. TelePresence Operational Analysis Management:   • Produced TP operations metrics; created the BRDs and other manuals; and led a cross-functional team to automate the metrics for real-time accessibility.  • Scrutinized operational data, deducted issues based on periodic trends, and reported analysis to management.  • Designed and managed a monthly audit system to maintain over 400 TP rooms around the globe; organized all human and logistical requirements; and assured resolutions of issues discovered during the audits in order to maintain continuous operational quality improvement. Education B.S in Accounting and Information Systems San Jose State University May 2011 Skills Managerial and Analytical: IT Audit/Management, IS Analysis, AIS Risk Assessment, Databases Architecture, Systems Development Life Cycles, Business Process Reengineering, ERP Project Management, Business Analysis, Accounting, Cross-Functional Team Leadership, Operations Management, and Vendor Management. -- Technical: MS (Word, Excel, Power point, Visio, Project, and Access), Clarity, People Soft, Business Objects, IDEA Data Analysis, Ubuntu Linux and Remedy databases; and SAP, MS and Open ERP systems.