IT Project Manager / Salesforce Product Owner <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> / Salesforce Product Owner IT Project Manager / Salesforce Product Owner - Ardent Eagle Solutions Arlington, VA A dedicated, efficient and enthusiastic leader with experience in all aspects of project management, starting from the bid stage through to completion, including design, procurement, site management, technical, commercial and financial control as well as liaison with the client. Able to work well with client, vendors and teams, and not afraid to challenge the status quo where appropriate and drive the decision-making process. Exemplary change agent with the ability to analyze issues, devise continuous process improvements and incorporate business process initiatives to increase efficiency, streamline operations and decrease aggregate expenses with limited resources. Consistently identifies and accelerates strategic measures to strengthen performance with sustained operational results. Expert and instructor Agile and Kanban framework. Work Experience IT Project Manager / Salesforce Product Owner Ardent Eagle Solutions January 2019 to Present • Worked as the primary liaison between all stakeholders (Developers, Implementation Team, Testing Team and Release Management).  • Apply subject matter knowledge to high-level analysis, collection, assessment, design, development, modeling, simulation, integration, installation, documentation, and implementation as required.  • Worked closely with SME's to develop a well-defined strategic product vision and product road map, maintain a product backlog that contains at the top all highest-priority stories and they are well defined.  • Develop requirements of IT product/service (including specifications, feasibility studies and requirement analysis) from inception to conclusion on simple to complex projects. Senior IT Project Manager Cleared Systems June 2017 to Present • Managed a global team of 20+ developers and managers across a geographically dispersed area for Dynamics 365 and Office 365 development. Directed front-end and back-end engineering, data management, architecture, CRM/ IVR development, credit processing API integration, and financial projections.  • Apply subject matter knowledge to high-level analysis, collection, assessment, design, development, modeling, simulation, integration, installation, documentation, and implementation as required.  • Develop governance and change management strategy and reports for legacy systems.  • Successfully manage vendor communications, requirements and platform integration.  • Work with Product owner to ensure creation of Agile artifacts such as Product Backlog, Sprint Backlog, and Release Burndown.  • Support developers working offshore by assisting them with backlog grooming and communicating information to the distributed Project Team.  • Project manager for Dynamics 365 custom deployment impacting 300 users on mobile devices.  • Build Confluence boards to manage program and project updates.  • Successfully manage vendor communications, requirements and platform integration.  • Coached/mentored and trained Scrum Masters, Product Owners, Teams and Leaders in Lean- Agile values, principles and methodologies (Lean, Scrum, Kanban, XP). Provided facilitated self-discovery for teams to increase awareness of Agile roles, rituals, values, principles, measurements, and techniques. IT Program Manager Longview International / Department of Commerce November 2015 to June 2017 • Promoted by Longview leadership to lead significant engagement that strengthened the infrastructure, streamlined operations, and advanced the strategic vision of the DOC. Partnered with the DOC CIO, and personally directed six to eight concurrent projects with up to 25 team members (federal and contractor) each. Provided strategic and tactical leadership for entire Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) of Agile releases while managing Federal client's expectations.  • Working with CSO (Chief Security Officer) rebuild contractors security program from the ground up.  • Manage incident response team on internal vulnerabilities on public and classified networks.  • Compile detection & response (D&R) reports and present to senior executives in briefing meetings.  • Using BigFix lead a team of IA's (Information Assurance) to reduce vendor and product vulnerabilities by 200% in the first month.  • Simplify project reporting by using Kanban boards for DevOps (Development and Operations) daily task  • Established a reputation as a technical and strategy expert consistently sought out to analyze and improve existing processes and systems and provide clients with original ideas and previously undiscovered opportunities to minimize risk, overcome obstacles, and seize positive change.  • Successfully managed Department of Commence help desk, engineering, and information assurance team in achieving three Authority to Operate (ATO) certifications within the first year.  • Establish relevant metrics and KPIs to communicate status, demonstrate progress and build awareness of information security program performance.  • Developed prototype solutions in Office 365 using InfoPath and Nintex Forms.  • Added 12 Information Assurance resources to manage and audit Tenable Nessus for four classified networks at Department of Commerce.  • Coached and mentored Federal and contractor team in Agile Scrum framework. Provided knowledge transfer to business teams across disciplines in Scrum development processes.  • Measured and evaluated progress against project plans. Conducted project status meetings and prepared and presented weekly status reports to project team and monthly progress reports to management.  • Managed technical teams deploying IBM BigFix, transitioning from Windows Server Update Services (WSUS) and legacy logging systems. IT Project Manager and Senior SharePoint Architect Mind Over Machines - Owings Mills, MD May 2015 to October 2015 • For multiple clients provided on-site advice on implementation of an ITIL- based tool to manage tickets and work. Implemented MS Office SharePoint Server for intranet, extranet, document management, and project-portfolio purposes.  • Facilitated and developed the requirements document, design specs, issue resolution and implementation activities.  • Configured SharePoint 2013 and Office 355 hybrid farm with five web front end servers and nine application servers, custom branding using Chesapeake Bay Foundation approved branding. Senior IT Manager and SharePoint Architect Fujitsu Consulting - New York, NY August 2014 to April 2015 provided Agile Project Management and SharePoint architecting.  • Managed multiple, varying tasks simultaneously from planning implementation to completion.  • Plan, perform, document, and communicate project status for information security projects that result in the implementation of processes, applications and technologies addressing information security-related risks and threats  • Facilitated stakeholder review sessions and management progress update sessions.  • Conducted project kick-offs, Sprint planning sessions, and daily stand ups; escalated any impediment and blockers.  • Using 3rd party tools, transitioned Lotus Notes to SharePoint 2013 and Office 365.  • Facilitated new techniques for Agile development management in Scrum and Kanban environments resulting in improved burndown rates (user story completion) within each sprint or iteration. IT Project Manager and SharePoint Architect, Protiviti Protiviti - Tysons Corner, VA April 2013 to August 2013 • Managed multiple SharePoint and .NET migration and legacy transition projects with annual budgets from $0.5M to $2M while providing operational and technical support to widely dispersed technical staff.  • Migrate Project Server 2013 & Reporting to Project Online using FluentPro and AvePoint.  • Migrated sites from SharePoint 2007 to SharePoint 2010 and from SharePoint 2010 to SharePoint 2013. Configured new version of SharePoint and created web application and site collections in new SharePoint version, attaching backup of content database using PowerShell.  • Performed successful SharePoint 2013 visual upgrade on several site collections. Included debugging and fixing critical errors and branding differences between SharePoint 2010 and SharePoint 2013.  • Created SharePoint Designer workflow to send out email notification alerting end users to Secure Socket Layer (SSL) expiration, preventing logon issues for server.  • Directed full SDLC of SharePoint custom solutions by developing a SharePoint technical roadmap establishing guidelines and best practices aligned with Enterprise IT strategy. Education Bachelor's in Computer Science Temple University - Philadelphia, PA April 2003 Skills It project management, Team management, Sharepoint, Deployment, Dynamics, Kanban, Architecture, Program management, PM, Waterfall, CSM, Information Technology, Project Management, Scrum Master, SDLC Links http://carlbjohnson.com Additional Information Skills  • IT Program Management  • IT Project Management  • Product Owner/Management  • Agile & Scrum Team Management  • Office 365 Deployment  • Kanban Framework  • Dynamics 365 Deployment  • Office 365 & SharePoint Architecture  • Cybersecurity Engagement & Investigations