Corporate IT Manager Corporate <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Atlanta, GA Work Experience Corporate IT Manager Alpharetta, GA August 2018 to Present Maximized risk prevention for contracts by providing IT Management for 12+ cities, as well as by improving IT  management tools. Additionally, ensure execution and delivery of assigned programs and projects within scope, budgetary, and schedule.  ? Optimized data storage by applying Azure, AWS, VMware, Hyper-V, and server to system network, as well as by implementing process improvements to improve storage. Additionally, managed shared resources for remote  government sites, Agile/Kanban.  ? Resolved difficult technological issues by overseeing operations, helpdesk, T1, T2, and T3 Resources to promote  accountability and responsibility throughout technical teams. Eliminated process gaps by identifying and recommending resolutions.  ? Improved service levels and increased productivity by reorganizing Technical Services team to balancing and limit workloads in progress. Enforced project standards by effectively supporting and enhancing methodologies  and best practices.  ? Define project-specific activities, deliverables, and timelines for vendors by managing accounts and vendor  relationships, as well as creating Statements of Work (SOWs) to provide services to clients. INTERDEV, LLC September 2017 to Present Assistant IT Director of Government Services City of Beaufort - Chicago, IL December 2017 to August 2018 IL, City of Beaufort  ? Eliminated schedule and other interdependency challenges to save several project management accounts by managing IT for 9+ Chicago area cities (GovITC Consortium) and City of Beaufort, as well as coordinating with  other teams and application areas.  ? Oversaw operations and support for local IT management by leading the 10-person team to provide IT services  for government offices, including applications, data center, servers, storage, PCs, and telecom.  ? Contributed to the reorganization of government services to de-escalate account and system issues by assisting  IT Director. Ultimately prevented multi-million-dollar accounts from being lost. Project Engineer Alpharetta, GA September 2017 to December 2017 Chicago, IL  ? Drove user experience and continuous product improvements by utilizing in-depth modern software  engineering and data analytics. Managed the Chicago IT manager and delivered onsite IT manager support for  5+ cities.  ? Supported "bigger picture" business initiatives by resolving issues for 40+ projects within 3 months to improve  customer relationship issues with 9+ government sites in the Greater Chicago area.  ? Implemented new processes and policies to improve communications with GovITC Consortium Board by creating a SharePoint portal for all city managers to collect project updates.    Project Engineer (September 2017- December 2017)  Alpharetta, GA  ? Delivered Tier 3 technical support for Clearwire equipment and multi-million-dollar LTE upgrades to develop the scope of work.  ? Enhanced account and vendor management strategies to provide IT system services for 40 desktops and 5  servers, including Exchange Server, by continuously improving solution delivery speed, quality, and operational  excellence.    ADDITIONAL EXPERIENCE  SELF EMPLOYED, Alpharetta, GA, Dental IT Technology Consultant  BARTECH DESIGN, Alpharetta, GA, Dental IT Technology Consultant Technical Project Manager PRESENCE TECHNOLOGY - Alpharetta, GA May 2014 to March 2016 Ensured operational performance by leading an overseas team in 2+ monthly projects requiring customer  support, as well as understanding server, router, switch, SAN, and Software infrastructures to execute Server  Performance Management strategies.  ? Built configuration set and cut-over processes by managing installations and upgrades of call center software  solutions for inbound/outbound calls and emails. Additionally, collaborated with customers remotely and onsite throughout the build process.  ? Allowed all procedures to be evaluated and thus deployed for new software sales by creating all accepted project  management deliverables such as project charter, plan, and budget, as well as a resource, risk, support, and implementation plans. IT Staging Project Manager (Enterprise Infrastructure Hardware) McKesson - Alpharetta, GA June 2012 to April 2014 Acted as a single point of contact for 350+ monthly IT enterprise infrastructure server projects to develop  technical projects by communicating with 20+ application teams on infrastructure server delivery from the initial design process to finished product.  ? Resolved technical issues (remote access, firewall / NAT, LUN/SAN, Hyper-V, and VMware) by testing all  remote connections with customer servers through VPN and other remote connections.  ? Assisted in business operations optimization by developing and introducing methods to extract  monthly/quarterly/yearly metric data from SharePoint into Excel pivot tables.  ? Pioneered innovative procedures to improve department performance and standardize operational and functional activities by eliminating waste, as well as closing gaps. TELECOMMUNICATIONS TECHNICAL SERVICES (TTS) February 2009 to June 2012 Education Associate's Degree Ivy Tech College - Fort Wayne, IN Skills Optimization, Security, Network optimization, It support Links http://linkedin.com/in/christopherbarton455 Additional Information CORE COMPETENCIES  ? Network Optimization & Security Fortification ? IT Support & Implementation of New Software  ? Building Effective Upper Management Teams ? Project Management & Creating SOWs  ? Rebuilding Management Infrastructure ? High-level Customer Retention  ? Managing Multiple Accounts ? De-escalation of Account Issues