IT Technical Supervisor, Business Intelligence <span class="hl">IT</span> Technical Supervisor, Business Intelligence IT Technical Supervisor, Business Intelligence Breinigsville, PA Work Experience IT Technical Supervisor, Business Intelligence PPL 2016 to 2018 Day-to-day oversight of ten person blended shore team (US and India) responsible for the on-going support of the data  warehouse, analytical models, real time reporting/dashboards, Microstrategy and Informatica administration with a user base of more than 2,000 people. Responsible for $5M department budget from development through executive level approval.  Managed resource planning across team, department and business to support project and application support needs.  • Achieved 40% reduction in incidents compared to prior year, despite an increased user base and reduction in staff while supporting 20+ new large-scale projects by improving transition to operations process, dedicating time to implement  permanent solutions and increasing proactive alerting.  • Increased fixed price contract capacity by over 100% each month with improved communication, celebration of successes  and motivating the team to continuously build their reputation.  • Reduced BMI (Backlog Management Index) from 95% to 115% (comparison between number of opened tickets vs closed  tickets) by restructuring team, revamping internal workflow processes, and developing people to become subject matter  experts.  • 100% of customers reported "satisfied" or "very satisfied" on SurveyMonkey for the team's completed work in 2017.  • Supervisor of the Records Information Group - Took over records digitization project with 1/3 of resources and made  data driven decisions which led to 250% increase in run rate which will shorten the schedule by 6 months.  • Technical Lead for Amazon Alexa Innovation Project - Led team of four Lehigh University seniors to create a proof of concept (POC) for PPL's first Alexa skill. PPL - Allentown, PA 2008 to 2018 IT Technical Lead, Business Intelligence PPL 2015 to 2016 predictive analytics project portfolio and oversaw other projects that were either high profile or at risk in Customer  Services and Engineering through all phases of the SDLC.  • Analyzed and corrected resource and planning issues to successfully deliver the Transmission Market Analytics Project.  • Improved BI Team reputation with other App/Dev groups during Salesforce Integration Project by improving team  collaboration and proactively identifying and resolving issues.  • Translated business requirements into technical tasks by removing language barriers leading to successful BI integration  for the LED Streetlight project. IT Project Manager PPL 2013 to 2015 Led $10M multi-phase Mobile Operations Management Upgrade Project for PPL Electric Utilities which involved 3 software  vendors, 4 major software upgrades, 1 new application, deployment of almost 1K devices in the field, and networked central  storage solution in 29 service centers.  • Successfully completed project on time and on budget while exceeding expectations of improved reliability and field  efficiency. Recognized with monetary award from leadership and personally acknowledged team for project success.  • Led a 3-scenario, 6-year O&M and Capital expense analysis to justify the project cost.    PPL )  • Managed and coordinated 100+ employees and consultants into cross-functional team of developers, workstation  operations specialists, networking specialists, subject matter experts, facilities foremen, testing leads and business  analysts.  • Held vendors accountable for deliverables, added "do not exceed" clauses to contracts and identified billing errors to reduce project cost.  • Recognized for successfully managing this project, as well as others, by overcoming extreme constraints on time, budget  and scope. Applications Developer PPL 2008 to 2013 Applications developer for MOM (Mobile Operations Management) and OMS (Outage Management System) and their  interfaces to the Customer Service System, Asset Suite (PPL's ERP system) and Multi-channel Communications. 24x7 on-call  production support rotation responsibility. Managed multiple projects from a technical lead perspective for several $1M+  projects, including ARCOS Roster App and MOM interface to Asset Suite. Designed, coded, and tested solution in webMethods, dotNet, and SQL.  • Recognized for quick turnaround of issue resolutions during 24x7 support of Hurricane Sandy.  • Team leader in the least number of defects during UAT (User Acceptance Testing).  • Led the effort to increase stability of legacy code by proactively adding more error handling routines.    LOCKHEED MARTIN, Valley Forge, PA  Applications Software Engineer Education Master of Science (MS) in Computer Science Northern Illinois University - DeKalb, IL Bachelor of Science in (BS), Business Administration Bucknell University - Lewisburg, PA Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/dottiereeves