IT Infrastructure Program Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Infrastructure Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Infrastructure Program Manager - MTA NYC Transit Newark, NJ Work Experience IT Infrastructure Program Manager MTA NYC Transit March 2016 to Present • Manage and deliver components of client engagements that identify, design, and implement technology and creative business solutions  • Report and analyze on risks and issues. Develop mitigation plans  • Managing and Directing the whole Infrastructure Migration from one MTA Location to various locations (MTA Bus Depot, Subway Yards and MTA New York City Transit).  • Excellent knowledge of Active Directory, Group Policies, MS Exchange, Core Switching/Routing, SAN, Virtualization, VMWare, Citrix, Business Continuity, Disaster Recovery.  • Executing the various Change Management Tickets.  • Involved in DevOps processes for build and deploy systems.  • Assess project issues and identify solutions to meet productivity, quality and customer goals.  • Manage resource allocation across multiple projects including tracking resources bandwidth and forecasting future availability for scheduling new projects.  • Meeting regularly with senior managers, stakeholders, project teams and team leaders to review status, make recommendations, and resolve problems.  • Develop and maintain contact with top decision makers at key clients; organize and lead pursuit teams; participate and lead aspects of the proposal development process; contribute to the development of proposal pricing strategies  • To Record and resolve issues within the team crossing departmental boundaries with the Maximo ticketing System.  • Building Strategy and design, development and integration of Rail Command Center.  • Managing the networking systems throughout the MTA Facilities.  • Interface directly with business staff where and when required for managing projects, analysis, and research for future projects and assisting in business process analysis.  • Interfacing directly with technical staff (i.e. managers, infrastructure engineering staff, application support and development teams, vendors, etc.) to review requirements, specifications, dependencies, timelines, test plans, and other items as assigned  • Experience managing the Infrastructure project with SAN/NAS Storage including EMC, Netapp.  • Follow the Agile Methodology process when performing a migration i.e to go phase by phase.  • Provide input and guidance into the staffing process; actively participate in staff recruitment and retention activities.  • Experience of managing 3rd parties, subcontractors and offshore/remote delivery.  • Provide leadership and support for delivery teams and staff in local offices.  • Providing direction, guidance, and oversight to project team members.  • Involved in overseeing large, multi-million-dollar, complex global projects.  • Measuring project performance using appropriate tools and techniques.  • Experience with multiple platforms including Windows, Linux.  • Identifying potential risks and mitigation plans.  • Prioritizing and assigning tasks to team members.  • Reporting on project performance and metrics.  • Building relationships with client stakeholders.  • Developing mitigation plans to address identified risks.  • Shielding the project team from external interferences.  • Having daily contact with multiple functional teams and personnel.  • Guarantee the attainment of key milestone by proactively tracking metrics and projects outputs.  • Conduct planning and operational readiness assessments to provide and effective transitions in to production. Sr. IT Infrastructure Project Manager February 2015 to March 2016 • Analyzes policies with regard to customer service and efficiency, recommending policy changes and process improvements across all MTA Transit including Bus, subway and Kiosk.  • Administers and supports 350 Citrix server environments on Windows Server 2003/2008.  • Manages over 300 Bus Depots and Subway Yards to work efficiently.  • Provides new Wyse Device to carry over the migration from XP to the Thin Client.  • Completes terminal server builds and Citrix XenApp server deployments in both physical and virtual environments.  • Ensures that all the required statutory and regulatory conditions are being met.  • Escalates issues to the Upper Management of the MTA for making the decisions on critical issues.  • Troubleshoots issues related to virtual desktops.  • Collaborates with project team and key stakeholders to devise best practices and continuous improvement of project delivery across the enterprise.  • Assesses project issues and identified solutions to meet productivity, quality and customer goals.  • Manages resource allocation across multiple projects such as tracking resources bandwidth and forecasting future availability for scheduling new projects.  • Guarantees attainment of key milestone by proactively tracking metrics and projects outputs.  • Synchronizes efforts of major initiatives such as multiple groups and departments.  • Offers input and feedback on growth and development opportunities for juniors.  • Overviews installation, configuration, maintenance and integrity of operating system hardware and software.  • Utilizes hands-on experience with Server / PC hardware integration, and troubleshooting. Sr. IT Infrastructure Project Manager Boston Scientific - Marlborough, MA July 2013 to December 2014 • Analyzed policies with regard to customer service and efficiency, recommending policy changes and process improvements.  • Administered and supported 350 Citrix server environment on Windows Server 2003/2008.  • Completed terminal server builds and Citrix XenApp server deployments in both physical and virtual environments.  • Supported in-house application management in Citrix environment through Citrix Streaming.  • Implemented Citrix Rollup Pack and Feature packs as per Citrix recommendation.  • Ensured integrity and delivery of multiple projects with respects to time, scope change, risk and resources.  • Assessed project issues and identify solutions to meet productivity, quality and customer goals.  • Managed resource allocation across multiple projects such as tracking resources bandwidth and forecasting future availability for scheduling new projects.  • Guaranteed attainment of key milestone by proactively tracking metrics and projects outputs.  • Conducted planning and operational readiness assessments to provide and effective transitions in to production.  • Served as Project Manager/Senior System Administrator performing installation, deployment, configuration and maintenance of Windows 2003/2008.  • Designed, configured, and supported Enterprise Desktop Virtualization Technologies (VMware View.)  • Managed VM Environment for Desktops  • Troubleshot issues related to virtual desktops.  • Utilized in-depth knowledge of VDI technologies.  • Managed shift schedule, and SLA Metrics, recruitment, budgeting, and vendor management.  • Collaborated with project team and key stakeholders to devise best practices and continuous improvement of project delivery across the enterprise.  • Synchronized efforts of major initiatives such as multiple groups and departments.  • Offered input and feedback on growth and development opportunities for juniors.  • Managed staffing process and appraisals.  • Managed matrixes resources and related relationships within each functional area.  • Utilized hands-on experience with Server/PC hardware integration, network monitoring, and troubleshooting.  • Provided comprehensive documentation for system builds and change implementations.  • Performed incident and problem management using ITIL framework.  • Built new Physical and Virtual server's builds based on customer requirement. Project Manager, Coordinator Fresh Direct - New York, NY June 2012 to May 2013 • Served as Project Manager/Senior System Administrator performing installation, deployment, configuration and maintenance of Windows 2003/2008.  • Managed VM environment for desktops.  • Managed shift schedule, and SLA Metrics, recruitment, budgeting, and vendor management.  • Collaborated with project team and key stakeholders to devise best practices and continuous improvement of project delivery across the enterprise.  • Assessed project issues and identified solutions to meet productivity, quality and customer goals.  • Managed resource allocation across multiple projects such as tracking resources bandwidth and forecasting future availability for scheduling new projects.  • Guaranteed attainment of key milestone by proactively tracking metrics and projects outputs.  • Synchronized efforts of major initiatives such as multiple groups and departments.  • Offered input and feedback on growth and development opportunities for juniors.  • Managed staffing process and appraisals.  • Conducted planning and operational readiness assessments to provide and effective transitions in to production.  • Administrated VMware ESX 5.0.  • Overviewed installation, configuration, maintenance and integrity of operating system hardware and software.  • Utilized hands-on experience with Server/PC hardware integration, and troubleshooting.  • Performed administration for Microsoft Windows 2000 Standard/Advanced Server, Windows 2003 Standard/Enterprise Server and Windows 2008 Standard/Enterprise Server.  • Performed remediation of the issues identified by an internal Audit  • Prioritized and scheduled work according to risk level of the audit issues.  • Planned coordinated and implemented remediation of Audit issues by discussing with Business owners/ Application Owners, Business Contacts / Application Contacts and helped them understand underlying issues with respective applications/FSS referenced by the Internal Audit.  • Installed and configured multi-user operating systems.  • Installed and provisioned Citrix Web Servers.  • Supported environments such as testing, demo, development, implementation, production support and scheduled on-call support on a rotation basis.  • Assessed and resolved client issues quickly. A proven record of reliability, the ability to perform under time constraints, and good judgment under pressure.  • Installed XenApp 5.0/ Citrix Meta frame presentation server 4.0 and 4.5, manage the farm through Presentation Management Console and Access Management Console.  • Implemented, published and tested applications on a Citrix Presentation Server (XenApp).  • Delivered software, software updates, patches, and Hot fixes using Altiris 7.1.  • Built new Physical and Virtual server's builds based on customer requirement.  • Performed multiple Physical to Virtual (P2V) migrations.  • Provided comprehensive documentation for system builds and Change Implementations.  • Performed incident and problem management using ITIL framework.  • Performed change and capacity management. System Engineer HBL India July 2010 to March 2011 • Mobile and Web Developer with Marketing Analyst  • Creating web applications for the website  • Creating Facebook and Twitter applications  • Integrating the web interface with the Mobile API  • Promoted to project manager role to plan, schedule and execute all stages of enterprise software, hardware and system implementations. Assessed business implications for each project phase and monitored progress to meet deadlines, standards and cost targets.  • Actively involved in meeting with the clients.  • Develop and maintain contact with top decision makers at key clients; organize and lead pursuit teams; participate and lead aspects of the proposal development process; contribute to the development of proposal pricing strategies Technical support Engineer Eldorado - IN June 2009 to June 2010 • Handled all types of laptop and desktop issues.  • Performed hardware driver installation.  • Trained employees for Revenue generation for HP Sales.  • Provided remote assistance for the end users.  • Performed Operating System installations (WIN XP and WIN Vista)  • Provided MS Outlook support.  • Provided people management.  • Supported all types of Windows (Operating System) issue.  • Addressed desktop / laptop, and ISP issues.  • Handled a team of 10.  • Addressed all software and hardware issues.  • Provided desktop / laptop support, new systems imaging.  • Performed moves, adds, and changes.  • Provided phone support, wireless support, tape backup, printer support, active directory, outlook support, user training, and VPN support.    Masters of Science in Computer Science, Education Master's Skills Citrix, Storage management, Vmware, Vpn, Xenapp, Maximo, Netcool, Tivoli, Management console, Altiris, Compuware, Ms office, Symantec, Six sigma, Windows server 2003, Lotus notes, Ms outlook, Outlook, Six sigma methodology Additional Information Skills    Technical  Windows Server 2003 / 2008 Administration, VMware Administration 5.0, VMware Virtual Desktop Infrastructure (VDI), Citrix XenApp 5.0, Citrix Presentation Management Console / Access Management Console, Building New Physical & Virtual Servers, Configuring Network Settings / Adding, Dell / HP Blades, Six Sigma Methodology    Tools & Applications  Symantec Altiris, MS Office, Lotus Notes, MS Outlook, VPN, Compuware, IBM Maximo, Tivoli Storage Management console, Netcool