Scrum Master Scrum Master Hugo, MN Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Scrum Master Horizontal Integration (onsite contract at LTCG; Eden Prairie, MN) - Saint Louis Park, MN August 2017 to November 2017 • Created & executed project plan for 6-month project that was accomplished in 3 months  • Genworth New Company/New Insurance Product Project scope: set up Genworth’s new long-term care insurance benefit offers for large company benefit offers: Accept core benefit and buy-up applications, integrating with Milliman Rx/MIB data process for underwriting evaluations; actuary and claim feeds from insurance company, providing insurance certification, reporting services to insurance company while issuing certificates & letters to policy holders  • GE Rate Increase and Reduced Benefit Offers  o Created approach to setting up & implementing GE long-term care insurance premium increase and Reduction Benefit Offers to existing policy holders  o Project scope included date integrity resolution, correcting calculation errors in assessing incorrect spousal rate discounts and incorrect rates due to erroneous use of assessed rated age  o Fix incorrect rate calculations for blended rates by state Scrum Master / IT PMO Project Manager Prime Therapeutics, LLC - Eagan, MN July 2014 to March 2017 Built Clinical Review Engine (CRE) for Medicare-D  • Automates review, appeal, printing, reporting processes for Medicare Part-D prior authorizations & claims  • Integration with RxClaims, Surround Code, Eligibility, Enterprise Web Services for data quality  • Integrated with Single Intake for streamlined intake processing  • Reporting dashboard to monitor status  • Installation and integration with Enterprise Document Repository  • Member Letter Automation installation and integration with RICOH  • Enable business to publish templates & criteria  • Daily extracts to PA ODS for Reporting via Prime Reporter  Single Intake of Prior Authorizations and Claims  • Enabling system intake of prior authorizations from:  o Internal Legacy Systems  o Third Party intake vendors’ portals  o Email  o FAX  o Medicare-D  o myPrime portal  o Commercial client feeds  • Provide real-time analytics and dashboards  Other Accomplishments  • Awarded Silver Star for finding the company a savings of $10,000, going significantly above & beyond day-to-day duties to create a superior member and client experience. One factor leading to Silver Star award is due to the execution of continuous improvement strategies accomplishing a 79.5% reduction in defects.   o Benefits: (a) reduced time spent in rework, freeing resources to accomplish other scheduled tasks; (b) realize economic benefit delineated in business case for improvement more rapidly; (c) first on-time release for group; process was duplicated with similar results for next releases  • Implemented retrospective-inspired successful cadence of sprint planning, scrum, sprint review/demo & retrospective meetings that increased team velocity that allowed team to increase potentially shippable increment deployments from 36 in 2014 to 77 in 2015 (114% increase) causing a portfolio & product manager to declare our Scrum Team a “truly high performance Agile Team”  • Introducing retrospective inspired process improvements reduced sprint release defects by 72% increasing the number of features delivered to market much sooner  • Contributed Agile Scrum Issue Log improvements (Issue, Risk, Action Items, Decisions, Deliverables Log “IRADD”) for the PMO Process Improvement Coverage Team eCommerce Scrum Master / Project Manager Deluxe Corporation - Shoreview, MN March 2013 to September 2013 o Served Agile Scrum team for both the enterprise flagship ecommerce website and it’s second most profitable ecommerce website  o Lead analysis of issues contributing to low KPI’s, outlined feature & process improvement objectives to triage & reverse ecommerce website KPI’s and slashed number of 500 errors by 72.4% & reduced severity 2 issues by 83%  o Triage and reverse process cultivated high performance Agile Scrum team that systematically released potentially shippable increment each week reducing Sprint release cycle from 6 weeks to 1 week  o Accomplished significant KPI Improvements:  ? Exceeded YTD sales forecast by 6%; Improved revenue by 17% MoM, +18 % YoY  ? MoM Orders increased 12% while YoY increased by 18%; breakthrough Average Order Value (AOV) increased 5% within 6 months  ? MoM unique visitors increased 11% MoM; increasing conversion rate by 1% MoM, +19% YoY  ? Non-holiday conversion reached new levels of 14% to 15%  ? Search Engine Optimization (SEO) & Search Engine Marketing (SEM) website enhancements resulted in the largest revenue day exceeding $220,000 in sales, an increase of 15.3% eCommerce Project Manager The Toro Company - Bloomington, MN December 2010 to October 2012 ? As Project Manager for myTurf, an online subscription-based customer fleet management & online parts ordering application, during Initiating process, focused business case & project charter on needs expressed by users in a Voice of Customer (VOC) survey; performed planning for all knowledge areas, executing the project plan to develop features that lead to increased subscription sales by more than $120,000, parts sales increase in excess of $400,000, improved customer data capture, and according to VOC survey, an overall customer satisfaction level of 92% in first year.  ? Authored business plan/ project charter and gained stage gate approvals to move forward as project manager for the Global Channel Partner Connectivity project with its objective to automatically collect independent domestic & international distributors’ daily sales and inventory data.   o Successfully planned and executed project that resulted in improved decision making allowing supply-chain to reduce working capital by a full two percentage points or $2.5 million in first year by reallocating inventory to low inventory sales areas by quickly spotting regional sales trends  o Internationally, company was able to lower in-transit inventory costs by shipping proper products and parts inventory levels to proper distribution warehouses, thereby reducing safety stock. One regional market reported an increase of $430,000 by quickly diverting inventory in-transit to this region that was realizing an up-tick in sales of a particular product. Project Manager / PMO Manager Digital DataVoice - Mendota Heights, MN September 2006 to August 2010 ? Created & maintained Enterprise Resource model to identify resource contention risks 6 to 8 weeks in advance to properly allocate resources for IVR contracting company based on needs and required skills for each project.  ? Performed initiating & planning for each project. Assigned project manager, uncovered initial requirements, assumptions, risks, constraints and assessed the overall feasibility of accomplishing project within the constraints. In Planning, conducted risk identification, analysis and response planning, estimated time and cost, developed schedules and overall project management plan for each project and ensured that each project was delivered under the constraints outlined in the winning bid.  ? Lead overall execution of projects, performing quality audits & risk audits, evaluating performance, facilitating conflict resolution and holding meetings. Managed stakeholder engagement by executing communication plans, managing expectations and promoting transparency. Project Manager / Systems Analyst iBridge Solutions, LLC (under contract to Anheuser-Busch) - St. Louis, MO ? Lead team that defined technology platform with Marketing BI reporting features accessing multiple data sources. This facilitated the evolution of Marketing strategies and objectives by converting client-based BI reporting application to a web-based infrastructure. Team then analyzed the data, created reports and provided consulting to Marketing/Sales to interpret the data. Marketing/Sales leveraged reports to define strategies with wholesalers, on-premise and off-premise retailers, demonstrating how wholesalers can train retailers how to increase sales of the AB brand families.  ? Created process that reduced report turnaround time from 8 days to 1 day, allowing Marketing/Sales to teach wholesalers and retailers to devise marketing and in-store brand positioning much earlier which was reflected in quarterly sales increases by brand  ? Performed Initializing, Planning, Execution (Monitoring & Controlling) & Closing for Account Business Review (ABR). ABR was a new online suite of sales reports allowing Wholesalers direct access to sales information a format that would help sales staff how to increase sales by tap handle positioning in on-premise, shelf-space & display positioning in off-premise retail establishments Education BSBA in Business Logistics University of Missouri-Columbia - Columbia, MO Skills Agile Scrum, Scrum Master, Scrum, CSM, Jira, PM, Certified Scrum Master, Kanban Awards High Performance Scrum Team 2014 Silver Star 2017 Awarded Silver Star for finding the company a savings of $10,000, going significantly above & beyond day-to-day duties to create a superior member and client experience. One factor leading to Silver Star award is due to the execution of continuous improvement strategies accomplishing a 79.5% reduction in defects. Certifications/Licenses Certified ScrumMaster (CSM) Scrum Alliance Groups Project Management Institute October 2016 to Present Leading not-for-profit professional membership association for the project management profession. Minnesota Chapter Project Management Institute October 2016 to Present PMI-MN's mission is to provide value to members and the community through opportunities for career development and to advocate the advancement of the project management profession and its disciplines.    In line with PMI International's core processes, the chapter focuses on:  - Developing a community of project managers.  - Advancing the profession of project management.  - Acting as an information distribution forum for project management.  - Facilitating education in project management. Additional Information Certified Client-Server Developer  Villa Julie College    Courses  RMC Learning Solutions:  o PMP Exam Prep  o PM Crash Course for IT Professionals  o Creating a Winning Work Breakdown Structure  o Estimating: Bullet Proofing Your Project Plan  o IT Project Management  o BA Fundamentals    Milestone Consulting Group  o YJTJ (Your Job Tool’s Job) Enterprise Project Management Using Microsoft Office Project   ? Part I   ? Part II    Saric Consulting, Inc. through Knowledge Transfer Consulting Services, Inc. (BABOK Guide)  o Business Analysis – An Investment in Value (Fine Tuning Your BA Practice)