Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager - Alcorn State University Work Experience Project Manager Alcorn State University January 2018 to Present Processing Asset Suite 8 items. Includes Contract Requisitions, Contract Payment Authorizations, Contract Change  Requests, Vouchers.  Competencies Reviewing Contract Proposals to identify work scopes and costs  Reviewing Invoices for accuracy and appropriate charges  Tracking material delivery status and location  Assisting in schedule development, tracking schedule milestone adherence by other task owners  Project Management Assisting in tracking program progress and deliverables  Facilitating project close-out activities among task owners  Assets Suite 8 Managing Weekly Daily Delinquent Project Report for Manager Michele Dybel/Ken Wendt  Managing Relay Upgrade Projects.  Big Data Analysis Streamlined and delivered presentations to the director CONSTRUCTION PROJECT CONSLUTANT August 2016 to June 2017 Contract)  Standard Cost Analysis Managed commercial construction projects inclusive of Taco Bell, Speedway and Kentucky Fried Chicken (KFC).  Liaised and led all aspects of project lifecycle: from buyout to close-out including hiring subcontractors, project  Financial Resource Forecasting meetings, scheduling, cost reporting and problem-solving.  Cross Functional Coordination Streamlined and delivered presentations to the director of finance of schedule and budget milestones.  • Priced and executed change orders and proposals.  Executive Presentations • Performed quality control metrics of quarterly close-out phase and kept track of final payments and reporting via Oracle Systems, JD Edwards EnterpriseOne, and IBM Cognos TM1.  Community Outreach • Analyzing cost and running bi-weekly reports on getting payments met for Logistics Group LLC.  • Evaluating financial reports for to team leaders on reasoning a project site has not started due to project  Process Improvement cost, invoicing, or incorrect pay applications sent through the company's workspace  • Orchestrated power point meetings to new employees on the Oracle JD Edwards system, giving the Project  Solution Implementation Coordinators access to looking up project sites.  Team Building & Leadership • Documented via VLook-Up on budgets enter into the system incorrectly and presenting those issues to the team leader.  Vendor Management • General ledgers, vendor reconciliation, debits and credits for site projects, and researching vendor accounts.  • Managed vendor accounts totaling $700k to $5 million with adherence to regulatory procurement and Regulatory Procurement stakeholder's expectations.  • Identified savings opportunities by consolidating contracts, renegotiating pricing and service level  Regulatory Compliance agreements with vendors.  • Managed end-closing cycle. Organized processes to support a reduction in end close process. PROJECT MANAGER ( Project Consultant) Business Systems February 2015 to December 2015 Cultivate Relationships • Directed complex site operations for completion of a year long plumbing project for a 320 Senior resident  facility, and coordinated timeframe work load to ensure commitment to schedule baseline logic, scope, Client & Vendor Negotiations sequence, and duration  • Planned and Facilitated temporary relocation of residents during a 12-month plumbing project with a Optimization & Reporting $500K budget.  • Spearheaded weekly meetings, job briefs and site waldowns with Executive Directors, PPMS, contractors, engineers, and operational support teams to ensure projects stayed on task and were delivered at or beyond  committed expectations.  • Performed outreach activities communicating logistics of the move and temporary housing accommodation  processes with residents and family members of residents.  • Running weekly meeting with the head of the plumbers for Marke Plumbing - Mark Kilcoyne  312.802.5167 | CHRISTIAN.HICKMAN91@GMAIL.COM    Technical Skills Experience Continued DIGITAL ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT ANALYST Anixter Wire & Cabling Company September 2014 to January 2015 Contract)  Microsoft Project  • Collaborated with leadership, and accountant team on the implementation of key goals, Microsoft FrontPage • objectives and success criteria with key stakeholders.  Agile Project Management • Maintained vendor accounts, quotes, and purchase order history in adherence to regulatory compliance.  Hypercare Support  • Processed and streamlined order acknowledgments, leads, quotes (foreign and SharePoint (CRM) domestic) to digital team.  • Analyzed areas of risk prepared and processed departmental and company-wide service  Salesforce (CRM)  legal agreements (SLA) via Hypercare Support. Managed summary reports on a daily, SAP Business Warehouse weekly and monthly basis via SAP and Microsoft Excel.  SAP Fieldglass • Prepared various cost analysis and facilitated change in procedures to increase  efficiency.  IBM Cognos TM1  • Met target dates in a fast-paced and high demand environment by preparing for ServiceNow impending request and managing competing priorities.  PeopleSoft Finance IT PROJECT MANAGER ( Project Consultant) Corporate Facility Solutions May 2013 to August 2014 JD Edwards EnterpriseOne  • Liaised commercial and municipal agencies with project work breakdown structures  TELS System (WBS) and progress plans for relocation to new facilities, and the reconfiguration and decommission of inactive facilities.  • Managed the inventory and transfer of all computer hardware for both Chicago Public Education MBA in Business Professional Roosevelt University 2018