Senior Program Manager Senior Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> Dallas, TX Ambitious, highly motivated executive leader with an entrepreneurial mindset and a desire for growth. I am driven by leading, mentoring and collaborating with teams across functional areas. Proven ability to leverage firm data management and analysis skills in ever-changing, dynamic environments. Adept in developing long-lasting business relationships, resolving complex problems, and proficient in understanding clients’ goals, assets, business objectives, portfolio management metrics, and competitive and political pressures. Detail oriented and possess strong analytical, communication, and critical thinking skills.     Highlights of Expertise Include:  • Coaching/Developing People • Financial Management • Problem Solving  • Budgeting • Portfolio/ Project Management • Systems Analysis  • Business Intelligence Reporting • Strategy • Marketing Analytics Work Experience Senior Program Manager Xcel Energy - Amarillo, TX December 2017 to Present Provide leadership and mentorship for operations, including coordinating and executing a variety of small to complex projects to achieve program goals, budgeting, assessing performance, and improving costs. Ensure the timely completion of all projects/programs by developing targets and metrics, and regularly report status updates. Effectively communicate business trends, conditions, and program requirements. Communicate project/programmatic needs with others and properly manage stakeholder satisfaction.  Key Accomplishments:  • Developed the Project Management Office that led to expedited project delivery and oversight  • Created Business Intelligence reporting resources and trained staff on its proper use.  • Utilized new technology to enhance business processes more efficient. IT Operations & Project Manager Run Business Solutions, Inc - Amarillo, TX May 2015 to November 2017 Supervised 15 employees ranging from entry level technicians to Sr. Project Engineers to develop and implement IT programs and services. Established and identified direction, strategies, policies, processes and procedures to positively influence business partners and internal/external stakeholders. Forged executive level relationships with all large accounts.  Key Accomplishments:  • Gained vital operations experience and forged executive level relationships with all large VIP accounts, in turn growing the company by 80% in one year.  • Implemented a communications strategy to address a variety of needs and presented vital information at meetings with internal stakeholders and leadership teams.  • Led the daily functions for the IT team, redefined professional services support, and implemented more efficient Standard Operating Procedures that increased support request resolution by 35%.  • Developed Key Performance Indicators that decreased the service ticket count by 60%.  • Developed a Project Management Office that managed customer onboarding & strategic initiatives and successfully delivered projects 100% of the time. Director, Business Office & Information Services BSA Health System - Amarillo Diagnostic Clinic, Inc - Amarillo, TX May 2013 to February 2015 Managed financial & departmental operations using a $2 million operational budget and supervised 23 employees and 2 team leaders. Oversaw ADC's Information Technology, Patient Billing and Collection Activities for three locations. Conducted patient billing and account activities, such as physician, hospital, and facility billing, revenue integrity, quality assurance, and billing compliance.  Key Accomplishments:  • Recognized for greatly improving department activities and services with a $20,000 salary increase.  • Performed daily tasks, such as timekeeping, employee evaluations, counseling, interviewing, and selecting staff.  • Merged the Amarillo Diagnostic Clinic and BSA Health System by creating a new EHR.  • Achieved a 90% first pass yield by effectively managing two independent AR's. Systems Analyst/ Project Manager, Information Services BSA Health System - Amarillo, TX October 2010 to May 2013 Gained experience as a leader within a healthcare organization. Planned full scale project from budgeting to allocating resources. Communicated project updates and changes, as needed. Provided updates on project checkpoints and outputs.  Key Accomplishments:  • Promoted to Director based on a track record of timely project delivery and leadership.  • Assisted the IT department by streamlining professional service contracts and reporting processes. Education Master of Business Administration in Business Administration University of Phoenix - Oklahoma City, OK November 2012 Bachelor of Science in Business in Finance University of Phoenix - Colorado Springs, CO May 2010