Magistrate Magistrate Magistrate - Jefferson County Clerk's Office Hoover, AL Dedicated professional with bachelor’s degree seeking a challenging entry-level position with a thriving company that will allow the use and growth of administrative skills, interpersonal abilities, and career advancement. Work Experience Magistrate Jefferson County Clerk's Office - Birmingham, AL October 2018 to Present • As lead magistrate clerk, determine whether probable cause to issue misdemeanor warrants for law enforcement / the public and set bail amounts for felony warrants.  • Record and process court document relating to misdemeanor/ felony violations in Jefferson county AL.  • Process correspondence daily from law enforcement as well as internal sources.  • Question witnesses / take legal depositions.  • Notary Public. IT/Database Manager Organic Harvest - Birmingham, AL March 2018 to August 2018 • Reprogrammed the POS System, which eliminated human error, lowered the cost of items not being sold as often by 10%, and updated inventory data.  • Maintained existing database according to best practices.  • Increased sales up to 15% through proper management of item margins.  • Set up / test new database and data handling systems.  • Oversee all IT Repair projects to ensure everything is working properly to increase productivity.  • Completely removed data breach threats and sustained the security / integrity of data in a retail database. Project Manager/Field Supervisor SuperiorScape Inc - Chelsea, AL February 2017 to January 2018 • Lead all Easement Repair Projects for various third-party contractors.  • Supervised up to 50 employees daily.  • Accountable for all project logistics, including supply purchasing /delivery.  • Settled negotiated contracts of up to $250,000 with various contractors in the appropriate time frame. Store Manager Leslie's Pool Supplies - Tuscaloosa, AL September 2014 to February 2017 • Lead of all Daily Operations, including scheduling, training, ordering, sales, and safety.  • Develop positive sale relationship with residential/ business clients and maintained those relationships throughout my employment with the company.  • Highest EBITDA for a store manager in the central time zone Region 5 in 2016.  • Dominated sales by 25% every quarter.  • Slashed labor cost by more than 40%, while maintaining structure within the company.  • Data Entry Rental Property Manager ESM Properties - Birmingham, AL May 2012 to August 2016 • Authorize renovation projects for rental properties, which increased the property value up to 30%.  • Establish rental rate by surveying local rental rates; calculating overhead costs, depreciation, taxes, and profit goals.  • Accomplish financial objectives by collecting rents; paying bills; forecasting requirements; preparing an annual budget; scheduling expenditures; analyzing variances; initiating corrective action. Education Bachelor of Science in Software Development & Design in Software Development & Design Southern New Hampshire University - Hooksett, NH 2018 Skills BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT, SALES PROFESSIONAL, ORDERING, INVENTORY, DATABASE, Powerpoint, Forklift Operator, Project Management, Programming, Contract Negotiations, Construction, Customer Service, Landscaping, Management, Scheduling, Excel, Property Management, Hiring, Interviewing, Database Management, IT Management, Team Development, Administrative Support, Microsoft office, Risk Management, Client Relations, Data Entry