Project Engineer I <span class="hl">Project</span> Engineer I Project Engineer I - Network Technologies Anaheim Hills, CA Looking to combine my 2 passions of Business Management and Information Technology into a lifelong career. I am looking to combine my 5 years of Retail Management experience with my 2 Years of IT experience in the form of a Team Lead or Helpdesk Manager position. My 10 year goal is to finish a business degree and be a Director/VP/CIO of a Small-Medium size business. Work Experience Project Engineer I Network Technologies - Olathe, KS April 2019 to Present based MSP with roughly 100 clients across the continental US.  • My role was part of the Professional Services department, focusing on Billable deployments, migrations and implementations.  • Configured, installed and supported the following technologies:  ? Windows Server/Workstation OS  ? Adtran Netvanta Managed Switches (1531p)  ? Fortigate Firewalls (Fortigate 60E)  ? Fortinet AP's  ? Allworx VOIP Systems  ? Allworx Handsets/Integrated Apps  ? HP Desktop/Thin Clients  • Building Network Racks for new customers/sites  • Re-organization of existing network racks/patch panels for new customers.  • Office 365 Migrations using BitTitan/Powershell  • Tier 3 Support Escalation  • ISP Cutovers/Installations  • Work Instruction/Documentation building for internal and external use. Support Engineer MMGY February 2019 to February 2019 • 3-week contract position secured through TEKsystems.  • Full IT-Staff was off-site in the UK for acquisition of two offices, needed onsite support.  • Supported 350 employees across four locations.  • AV support in conference rooms.  • Broke/fixed tickets inside of Freshservice CRM.  • Assisted in creation of users/email groups inside GSuite for acquisition work.  • 80/20 Mac to Lenovo environment. IT Helpdesk Associate Wellsky May 2017 to January 2019 • Supported 1300+ employees (1700 with contractors) across 21 locations.  • Imaged/deployed new machines from the home office to satellite offices and remote users.  • Supported Okta MFA/SSO and integrated applications.  • Supported Office365 and other 3rd party applications to user base.  • Performed Active Directory manipulation including password resets and distribution/security configurations, builds and group assignments  • Audited 750+ virtual machines, phone systems, and security encryption for 500+ users.  • Implemented and supported Polycom Video Conference units across seven locations, Zoom Video Conference tool for 200 licenses, and Microsoft Stream learning management system.  • Established Hardware standards and worked directly with vendors to determine best pricing and ordering methods.  • Performed cable management inside the 2-rack network stack onsite.  • Involved in seating chart planning process for maximum efficiency.  • Conducted onsite visits of recently acquired companies to evaluate technological strengths and weaknesses.  • Interacted with users all users, managers and executives to discuss next steps, learn problem points, and develop relationships. Area Manager EYM Industries December 2015 to August 2016 • Implemented re-organization and new processes resulting in 5-15% sales growth annually in four stores.  • Oversaw the ordering, hiring, training, process implementation, and payroll/sales tracking for three stores. General Manager NPC International March 2015 to December 2015 • Started as Shift Leader and was promoted to a roaming General Manager position working with struggling stores to train staff and increase productivity.  • Saw a 5-10% sales increase over 1-2 month stay at each store before being moved to next one.  • Worked directly with KC Regional Manager, Area Managers and Store Managers to improve training programs and increase area sales. General Manager November 2013 to March 2015 • Started as a cashier and was promoted to Assistant General Manager after three months, then temporary General Manager.  • Specialized in ordering, inventory management, and training. Links http://linkedin.com/in/joshua-lindsey-it