Cyber Security Analyst Cyber <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Cyber Security Analyst Glen Burnie, MD IT professional with 3 plus years' experience and demonstrated success implementing and maintaining IT infrastructure that improved business functionality with positive impacts. Skilled Information Security Administrator with expertise in risk management unauthorized access and a wide range of vulnerabilities scanning and threats. 3 years' experience as Security Analyst, Privacy and Data Protection, RMF, Security Management & Operations, Vulnerability scanning, Security testing, Penetration testing. Work Experience Cyber Security Analyst Unisys - Augusta, GA May 2018 to January 2019 • Use LogRhythm tool to identify threats and patterns for security incident response.  • Tune LogRhythm AI Engine rules to create better alerting, establish security baselines for configurations to tune out unnecessary alerts.  • Launch phishing campaigns against GDT employees and create phishing training for employees.  • Monitor dark web for data breaches affecting GDT and its customers.  • Monitor threats and alerts affecting customer networks and triage responses to remediate the alerts.  • Create vulnerability reports using CVEs and devise plans to patch or fix affected devices.  • Monitoring and analyzing network traffic, Intrusion Detection Systems (IDS), security events and logs.  • Prioritizing and differentiating between potential intrusion attempts and false alarms.  • Creating and tracking security investigations for resolution.  • Composing security alert notifications and other communications.  • Advising incident responders in the steps to take to investigate and resolve computer security incidents. IT Support Analyst Erickson - Catonsville, MD March 2015 to May 2018 • Monitored system logs, SIEM tools and network traffic for unusual or suspicious activity. Interpret such activity and make recommendations for resolution.  • Excellent communication skills. Ability to work with the most to least computer literates.  • Administer and maintain end user accounts, permissions, and access rights.  • Developed and maintain documentation for security systems and procedures.  • Monitored the security and information technology infrastructure, including hardware, software, and to protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of systems.  • Daily activities included installation, upgrades, troubleshooting, configuration, migrating user profiles and data, maintaining third party software applications, servers and workstations.  • Managed and facilitated information security related projects.  • Responded to computer security incidents and coordinate efforts to provide timely updates to multiple business units during response.    Che 1 Data Entry Clerk LINAC Health Services - Washington, DC February 2014 to December 2014 • Handle the tasks of medical coding and medical billing.  • Perform responsibilities of accounting and entering financial data of insurance and clients on MS Excel.  • Responsible for providing administrative support by handling patients, Insurance queries and concerns.  • Compiled statistical information for special reports.  • Created monthly reports for record and closed terminated records. Verified and logged in deadlines for responding to daily inquiries.  • Verified that information in the computer system was up to date and accurate.  • Responsible for preparing and entering patient medical report in the system.    Che 2 Education Master's Degree in Information Assurance Specialization University of Maryland University College - Adelphi, MD June 2020 AS in Information Assurance and Cyber Security Anne Arundel Community College - Arnold, MD June 2017 BS in Civil Engineering University of Bamenda June 2012 Skills Dns, Security, Nessus, Vpn, Networking, Tcp/ip, Tcp, Http, Smtp, Ms office, Excellent verbal and written communication skills, Fast learner, Problem-solving, Team player, Mac, Mac os, Training, Time management, Risk assessments