Project Coordinator/ Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> Coordinator/<span class="hl">Manager</span> Solution Focused Project Manager with vast IT Experience & interpersonal skills Beaverton, OR Seasoned and highly driven professional. Honest, sincere, driven to produce the best results for the company I work for. Strongest skills-- excellent interpersonal skills, solution oriented, and creative solutions to preexisting issues as well as mediating risk. I require a full-time position with long-term career opportunities as well as great work environment and job stability being my most desired goals. I am passionate about the work I contribute to the company and team I work with. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Coordinator/ Manager HMSA Blue Cross Blue Shield - Honolulu, HI March 2017 to May 2019 USA  ? Industry Research and Analysis and Process Improvement: Gathers, reviews and analyzes information to identify trends, issues, and potential problems and solutions related to development and implementation, including but not limited to new products or services, contract deliverables, enhancements to add functionality and/or redesigns of systems, both manual and automated, to improve efficiency, financial models of costing and pricing.  ? Initiates in the development of strategies and tactics based on logical assumptions and facts considering resources, constraints, and HMSA values. Provides critical assessments of information and data about current trends and issues and actively and openly shares with appropriate parties to encourage collaboration for improvement and change. Translates analysis into solutions and/or options for consideration of specific HMSA actions, including business process improvements.  ? Engages and collaborates with project staff and subject matter experts with the planning and implementation of project and sub project work efforts. Supplies or advises in the development of requirements, reports, budgets, and other analyses, and help solve operational issues and roadblocks.  ? Works directly with cross-departmental team members to complete tasks and provide status updates. Works with the project team, HMSA departments and external partners to monitor, collect, communicate, and distribute information. Communicates analysis, assessments, recommendations and completed work product through professional written and verbal reports and presentations. Conducts presentations to all levels of the organization (unit meetings, department meetings, management meetings, etc.) to ensure reporting of quality outcomes are consistent and understood.  ? Initiates and coordinates implementation and post-implementation activities within department, including but not limited to development of processing and procedure documentation, training materials and employee training as required. Senior Finance Business Analyst ISS Facility Services June 2015 to February 2017 Head Office-Sydney, NSW, Australia  ? Raised and distributed daily, weekly, monthly, and year-end reports to various stakeholders.  ? Track the progress and process of projects for various sites throughout Australia and New Zealand.  ? Implemented new organizational system and allocated job tasks to team members.  ? Sourced and assisted during inductions for new staff members.  ? Responded to ad hoc queries regarding payment from vendors and Facility Managers.  ? Led weekly meetings to update National Finance Manager on the progress of set KPI's.  ? Collaborated with Facility Managers and vendors to troubleshoot and amend rejected invoices.  ? Created and implemented training material for Facility Managers. Project Manager Environmental Allies - Houston, TX July 2011 to June 2015 USA  ? Planned, executed and managed several projects for external clients in a small construction firm.  ? Developed schedules of deliverables in order to finish projects in a timely and cost-effective manner.  ? Coordinated and directed the efforts of the construction team.  ? Aligned with various stakeholders both on and off-site at various stages of the project to keep everybody up to date on the status of the projects.  ? Oversaw the planning, implementation, and tracking of simultaneous short-term projects.  ? Assured that each project is defined and implemented in a disciplined and focused manner. IT International Project Manager ABN AMRO Bank June 2010 to June 2011 Head Office-Amsterdam, North Holland, the Netherlands  ? Central point of contact for projects within International Networks for the demerger from the Royal Bank of Scotland & merger with Fortis Bank.  ? Analyzed project expense of delayed deliverables.  ? Cross functional team collaboration with various departments and EMEA region.  ? Managed day-to-day operational aspects of projects.  ? Drove projects based on defined priorities; ensured scope of deliverables, timelines and budget were met; identified risks and issues and mitigated and escalated as needed.  ? Planned, designed, managed and executed project plans.  ? Leveraged problem solving skills to ensure project plans deliver on intent.  ? Forged relationships with key stakeholders.  ? Established collaborative partnership with key stakeholders.  ? Prepared and delivered effective communications regarding status of project for both internal and client teams  ? Performed hands-on project work, including analysis, design, process engineering, and change management, as needed by the project.  ? Demonstrated organizational agility to adapt to changing demand.  ? Maintained key project documentation. Interim Financial Analyst Philips April 2010 to June 2010 Head Office-Amsterdam, North Holland, the Netherlands  ? Analyzed & created reports on projected income, delays, & unprocessed invoices.  ? Monitored & analyzed the financials.  ? Order to cash in SAP ERP.  ? Audited accounts to make sure payments are timely. Education Master of Business Administration in Operations Research University of Amsterdam - Amsterdam, NL 2010 Bachelor of Science degree in Mathematical Sciences University of Texas - Austin, TX 2006 to 2009 Skills Quickbooks (10+ years), Photoshop (10+ years), Excel (10+ years), SAP (5 years), Autocad (6 years), Illustrator (3 years), Outlook (10+ years), Project Management (10+ years), accounting (10+ years), Scheduling (10+ years), Microsoft Office (10+ years), Sales (8 years), Estimating, budget, Maintenance, Customer Service, Word, Auto CAD, Microsoft Project Certifications/Licenses Driver's License Additional Information • People savvy  • Genuine  • Methodical  • Strong leader   • Creative solutions   • Intuitive  • Great negotiation & interpersonal skills  • Personable   • Fantastic mediator when problems arise   • Great at predicting and averting risk