IT Technical Support and Security Specialist <span class="hl">IT</span> Technical Support and <span class="hl">Security</span> Specialist IT Technical Support and Security Specialist Woodbridge, VA Work Experience IT Technical Support and Security Specialist PLASTICARD LOCKTECH INTERNATIONAL - Asheville, NC 2018 to 2019 Provided network and security support for all PLI facilities, including PLI Wireless. Helped restructure / redesign existing network. Supported & monitored Palo Alto firewall and supported Monarch ERP software used for production, sales and product marketing. Configured switches with TACACS authentication to latest patches.  • Ran monthly vulnerability test with Tenable, including assessing events from Kiwi Syslog server, which addressed any security issues or network design flaws, informed remediation strategy, enabled monthly management report and drove consulting on gap solutions.  • Spearheaded projects-removing old Cylance anti-virus from PLI network, setting up McAfee anti-virus, and placing all vital internal network equipment on generator backup-which enhanced existing security.  • Helped resolve issues where there was no existing written documentation, which generated fresh, reliable content for Knowledge Base.  • Monitored internal and external cameras and configured / installed new cameras, which enabled part of new expansion project to provide a secure room for high security client. Senior Product Engineer - Network and Security DELL INC - Austin, TX 2013 to 2017 Applied knowledge of Force10 switches, Aruba / Aerohive wireless equipment and Cisco and SonicWall firewalls to minimize security threats and reduce need for outsourcing.  • Provided remote customer support for Dell PowerConnect switches, N-Series switches, storage area network (SAN) equipment and servers, resolving customer queries, maintaining customer retention and championing networking, security and software best practices.  • Assisted in rapid assessment of nature and severity of customer problems and initiated escalation calls to Level 3 Analyst, which minimized customer downtime.  • Owned success of client integrations, consulted on best practices and utilization of proprietary software and ensured optimal equipment function by managing equipment integration between Dell and other switching and routing equipment manufacturers, including Cisco and Juniper. Deskside Support Analyst, Tier 2 Support AVANADE, INC - Austin, TX 2011 to 2013 Supported voice and data issues for 3 companies making up Texas Healthcare Partnership, enabling professional communication among Medicaid service workers and efficient case processing.  • Encrypted computer hard drives for remote and onsite users, which kept agencies HIPAA security compliant.  • Loaded software remotely for users requiring new software or upgrades and kept proper processing for desktops up-to-date by using PXE Boot and ghost imaging. Systems Analyst V, Mental Health and Substance Abuse (MHSA) Campus DEPARTMENT OF STATE HEALTH SERVICES - Austin, TX 2009 to 2010 Supervised 2 direct reports, guiding individual development and encouraging team approach to problem-solving. Provided technical support for laptops and desktops used by department for MHSA workflow, ensuring work station functionality. Removed and replaced old equipment, adhering to agency standards. Used PXE Boot and ghost imaging to update / upload software remotely. Performed site-specific DSHS software support.  • Managed several servers using Windows Server 2003, upgraded to Windows Server 2008, including WSUS, DNS Citrix servers, which outfitted agency with latest software versions & minimized cost of full product.  • Installed tracking software on all MHSA laptops, increasing likelihood of finding lost or stolen equipment.  • Maintained up-to-date inventory records for all computer equipment, ensuring people and equipment used effectively and maximizing control loss and flow of materials. Systems Support Specialist III, Region 8 IT Staff DEPARTMENT OF FAMILY AND PROTECTIVE SERVICES - San Antonio, TX 2008 to 2009 Provided technical support for agency and legal staff Dell desktops, tablets and laptops for south Texas Region, centralizing support for 300+ users onsite and remotely. Resolved Nortel Meridian telephone problems, including MeridianMail Voicemail system.  • Performed troubleshooting and desktop / tablet / laptop repair, which reduced need / cost for complete hardware replacement.  • Supported field agents using Dell Latitude tablets by troubleshooting wireless and VPN / air card connectivity issues, which increased field work efficiency and secured remote worker access to official agency documents.  • Maintained up-to-date inventory records of all computer equipment, ensuring accountability for assets and efficient flow of agency resources. Education Master of Information Technology in Internet Security MIT - Hoffman Estates, IL Bachelor of Science in (BS), Industrial Technology, Electronics and Computer Technology North Carolina Agricultural and Technical State University - Greensboro, NC Skills Active directory, Cisco, Citrix, Tacacs, Vpn, Security, Voip, Firewalls, Disaster recovery, Intrusion, Unix, Nessus, Wireshark, Linux, Radius, Intrusion detection, Disaster recovery planning, Recovery planning, Intrusion detection systems Additional Information Technical Skills  Platforms and Operating Systems: Windows, Unix, Linux  Tools and Security Software:  Active Directory, Tenable, VOIP, ProofPoint, Wireshark, Nessus and other Vulnerability Scanners, Citrix, Fortify, Radius and TACACS, Disaster Recovery Planning, VPN (Cisco and Palo Alto), Intrusion Detection Systems, Intrusion Prevention Systems, SonicWall, Palo Alto and Cisco Firewalls, WireShark