Junior Configuration Management Analyst Junior Configuration Management <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Junior Configuration Management Analyst - American Electronics (Amelex) Inc Goose Creek, SC Work Experience Junior Configuration Management Analyst American Electronics (Amelex) Inc - North Charleston, SC January 2019 to Present Maintains software compliance of builds via submitting DADMS--Department of the Navy (DON) Application and Database Management System applications to their respective Functional Areas for approval. Performs Software Configuration Audits (SCAs) and Physical Configuration Audits (PCAs) of all software releases for the GCCS-TCO/JTCW--Global Command and Control System Tactical Combat Operations and Joint Tactical COP (Common Operational Picture) Workstation Projects within the Integrated Product Team (IPT). Drafts SCA reports for Program Office review. Maintains Memo of Understanding (MOU) Database by reviewing MOUs and shipping respective software. Manages Software Licenses for GCCS-TCO and JTCW, and drafts Software License Charters and Plans. Maintains software builds by creating, updating and removing software components and creating change proposals via IBM Jazz tool in their respective integrated builds. Duplicates software discs for use by the IPT and the Fleet. Front End Specialist Bi-Lo - Cayce, SC November 2017 to March 2018 Maintains and keeps track of store's cash, reconciles accounts, keeps updated records daily, and directly supervises front end operations to ensure efficiency of sales and customer transactions. Bookkeeper Bi-Lo - Cayce, SC February 2017 to November 2017 Handles large quantities of money in a timely, efficient manner. Assists MOD in supervising front end operations including customer transactions, customer complaints/concerns, and monitors front end productivity and operations. Cashier Bi-Lo - Cayce, SC January 2016 to February 2017 Handles transactions and customer concerns while maintaining professionalism; performs duties that include maintaining high levels of cleanliness within store, providing excellent customer service and organizing product. IT Security Intern AgFirst Farm Credit Bank - Columbia, SC May 2016 to January 2017 Performs tasks related to vulnerability monitoring and data analyzation, while assisting security teams on individual projects with demanding deadlines. This includes maintaining scans of our assets, keeping track of threat levels, reaching out to vendors, making sure we are compliant with industry standards, and maintaining dashboards that track vulnerabilities for our 19 associations. Field Tech/Summer Help Berkeley County School District - Goose Creek, SC May 2015 to August 2015 Worked with a mentor during the summer between various schools within the Berkeley County School District on a multitude of technologies such as tablets, laptops and desktops, while assisting educators in troubleshooting technical problems. Updated various learning programs and BIOS on school systems, and installed/updated antivirus software across various platforms. Installed and replaced hardware in devices that were malfunctioning. Cashier Super Bi-Lo - Hanahan, SC August 2012 to May 2014 Performed an array of tasks that included re-stocking items, cleaning the front end of the store, handling customer questions and issues, memorizing item codes, and maintaining the cash register, as well as bagging items for customers. Education Bachelor of Science in Integrated Information Technology in Integrated Information Technology University of South Carolina - Columbia, SC August 2018 Skills Configuration Management, Design, Written Communication, Public Speaking, Drawing Additional Information Skills  Proficiency in Microsoft Visio, Excel, Access, Word, PowerPoint. Knowledge of SQL and VB coding, and Configuration Management. Excels in written/verbal communication, and customer service. Has an eye for creativity, design, and marketing products.