Sr. Security Analyst Sr. <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Sr. Security Analyst Bossier City, LA A highly motivated Cyber Security Professional with Active TS/SCI Clearance who expertly delivers clear verbal and written guidance to decision makers regarding cyber operations, resource management, budget analysis, training, and cyber security. Extremely effective working independently or managing and developing multifaceted teams in diverse environments. Work Experience Sr. Security Analyst General Dynamics Information Technology - Barksdale AFB, LA November 2018 to April 2019 • Performed Information System Security Officer (ISSO) activities applicable to Information Technology components of Industrial Control Systems and Facility-Related Control Systems, and utilized Risk Management Framework.  • Maintained oversight of security maintenance performed on Industrial Control System and their applications through Information Technology and contracted vendor support.  • Completed asset identification and valuation of the Energy Management Control system, Electric Distribution System, Airfield Lighting System, and a Fire Alarm Reporting System.  • Laid foundation for Information security governance implementation; developed Security Policy, configuration management, and contingency plan documentation for four Industrial Control Systems. Promoted awareness of applicable regulatory standards, upstream risk and best practices to decrease vulnerabilities to the Defense Information Systems Network (DISN). Information Security Analyst, Intern General Dynamics Information Technology - Bossier City, LA August 2018 to November 2018 • First Active Duty Air Force member at Barksdale AFB to leverage DoD Skill Bridge program for transition training opportunities with General Dynamics Information Technology (GDIT), Security Services Department in Bossier City, La. Aligned with GDIT recruitment and paved the way for others to utilize the program.  • Conducted Access control audits, developed and implemented access control policy/procedures to decrease unauthorized access. Reviewed and revised core Information Security procedures to meet external compliance and certification efforts outlined in NIST SP 800-53, ISO 27001, ISO 27002 and HIPPA Security & Privacy Rules. Ensured processes was in compliance with Federal mandated RMF. Shadowed Sr. Information Assurance Engineer on Remote Team to provide ATO as a service for Defense Retired Annuitant Pay System 2 (DRAS2) DoD project. Manager, Cyber Systems Coordinator USAF - Barksdale AFB, LA August 2015 to August 2018 • Coordinated vulnerability management tools training for 8 military installations across Global Strike Command to include Assured Compliance Assessment Solution, and Host Based Security Systems.  • Managed Cyber Event Investigation Portal to ensure vulnerabilities was addressed in a timely manner to sustain network security for all Air Force Global Strike Command installations.  • Enforced compliance with Cyber Tasking Orders, Cyber Control Orders, Time Compliance Network Orders, Maintenance Tasking orders and Special instructions command-wide to reduce risk and mitigate exploitation vulnerabilities.  • Organized and facilitated executive leadership planning conferences with the Department of Defense, Combatant Commands, Headquarters Air Force and other Major Commands.  • Managed Security Program and all associated documentation used for access of personnel and accreditation of facilities in accordance with DoD 5220.22-M; supported physical security procedures to include intrusion detection response. Client Service Center Manager USAF - Barksdale AFB, LA July 2014 to August 2015 • Determined schedules and assignments for work activities of 34 individuals, based on work priority, quantity of equipment, and skill of personnel.  • Utilized Business Continuity Planning to direct complex relocation of $24 million communication equipment with no mission critical interruption.  • Authored and implemented organization-wide security training to raise employee awareness of policies, procedures and guidelines.  • Outsourced training for cyber professionals to acquired Active Directory skills needed to configure Information Technology equipment, user accounts, servers and manage networks to enhance security and meet Department of Defense standards. Communications Focal Point Manager USAF - Barksdale AFB, LA December 2013 to July 2014 • Directed team of Network Infrastructure, System administrators, and cyber defense personnel to execute task that sustained operations, secured critical information, and ensured availability of information systems and network service  • Oversaw enterprise cyber tasking orders, authorized network service interruptions, validated firewall access request, and routinely provided recommendations to remedy issues impacting cybersecurity and network availability.  • Enforced compliance with security policy/guidelines to ensure Confidentiality, Integrity and availability of classified and unclassified information. Lead IT Administrator/Information Assurance Manager USAF - Patrick Afb, FL June 2010 to December 2013 • Conducted assessment of security posture for geographically separated units using Federal, National and Government approved cyber best practice to increase cyber readiness.  • Managed life-cycle of personal wireless communication systems, voice services, and network service programs to include certification/accreditation, validation and testing, terms of use, and destruction.  • Developed security policies and procedures and administered security awareness training. Identified computer security violations, and provided guidance on fix actions; resulted in "outstanding" rating in cyber security inspection. Tactical Network Infrastructure Manager USAF - IQ March 2011 to September 2011 • Led Joint Service Member Team in providing network infrastructure support for three Special Operations Task Forces, seven advanced operating bases, and 38 detachments-resolved three thousand system and network issues.  • Provided formal and informal training for executing Enterprise Federated Right- reduced network downtime by 50% for over 600 computers, network peripherals, and 100 switches.  • Managed, prioritized and directed activities for decommission of $2.8K secure equipment in support of Military Joint Special Operations Task Force unit closure; ensured the IT team understood all aspects of the project relating to responsibilities of safeguarding assets without compromise and kept 100% accountability. 8AF Command Section Manager/ IT Administrator USAF - Barksdale AFB, LA August 2009 to July 2010 • Negotiated Service Level Agreements with commercial vendors to established work standards, methods, and controls for preventative, scheduled, and unscheduled communication maintenance actions.  • Developed external-media tracking program; promoted data loss prevention and protected vital network data.  • Implemented Electronic Records Management Program; established structure, security groups, and training to ease access, storage, and retrieval throughout information life-cycle. Executive Communications Officer USAF - Djibouti, DJ August 2009 to March 2010 • Provided Communication support for distinguished visitors, foreign dignitaries and flag officers; enabled Department of Defense leaders to direct missions across two networks and 11 nations in the Horn of Africa.  • Directed Maintenance, configuration and allocated use of more than 170 automated data processing equipment; maintained error free inventory.    VOLUNTEER  • 20+ years of Local and International Humanitarian Support and Philanthropy; Awarded Military Outstanding Volunteer Service Medal, 2010.  • Dedicated 7 years to Victim Advocacy; Achieved Level II Department of the Defense Sexual Assault Victims Advocate Certification.  • Taught Resilience Training courses at Barksdale AFB Education Master of Science in Cyber Security University of Maryland 2017 Bachelor of Science in Computer Studies University of Maryland 2010 Associates of Information Resource Management in Information Resource Management Community College of the Air Force 2010 Skills Security, Sharepoint, Business continuity, Active directory, Incident response, Remedy, System administration, Data management, Risk management, HTML, Microsoft Office, training, access Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/latoyia-overton-84850765 Military Service Branch: United States Air Force Rank: MSgt Certifications/Licenses CISM June 2019 to Present Security+ June 2009 to Present Additional Information SKILLS  • Security Tools • Incident Response  • Risk Management Framework • System Administration  • Active Directory • Remedy  • eMASS • Data Management  • Business Continuity • SharePoint Administration  • Physical & Personnel Security • Project Management