RSA Archer Security Engineer RSA Archer <span class="hl">Security</span> Engineer RSA Archer Security Engineer - Department of Health and Human Services Ellenwood, GA Information Technology professional with a broad range of skills in governance, risk and compliance. Primarily leveraging the RSA ArcherGRC platform as an application developer, system administrator and information security analyst. Information security governance, metrics reporting, vulnerability and risk management - SQL server implementation, and scripting. Penetration testing, code review, audit support, code review. Remediation planning, secure software development. Technical, non-technical, functional requirements gathering and documentation, Windows server upgrades, application administration in both client-server environments. Web based application patches, upgrades, implementation, installs, and training. Moderate understanding of object-oriented languages like C# and Java. - HISP (Holistic Information Security Practitioner) Certified. Work Experience RSA Archer Security Engineer Department of Health and Human Services - Atlanta, GA June 2019 to Present • Provides technical support, in system architecture, system design, system integration and technical management  • Assists in providing technical input to the systems engineering process.  • Works with teams in developing application and technical plans  • Assists customers in the installation and use of strategic products through education and guidance, first-rise and tuning assistance problem solving and critical situation resolution Lead Information Security Tech Fiserv - Alpharetta, GA January 2019 to June 2019 • Project Software Reviews  • Software Development Training such as secure development best practices  • SDLC Security Integration into build, deployment, test, environment management, monitoring and production releases  • Remediation Planning and Implementation based on Project Software  • Reviews and findings  • Audit Support  • Application Penetration Testing - Scheduling, Exception Review, Issue Management / Review Production Vulnerability Management Oversight Vulnerability Research and Remediation Guidance  • Oversight for the Secure System Development Life Cycle (SDLC)  • Lead the Training effort for Secure Code  • Development Production Environment Change Management  • Oversight Internal and External Support as required  • Review Project Content / Requirements as necessary for Security Impacts Interact / Associate with Product Develop & Support Teams for Resolution of Issues  • Participate in the analysis of Information Security metrics as required  • Reporting of Security and Resiliency Assurance to Risk and Information Security Leadership Perform Sr RSA Archer SME/Information Security Analyst ManTech International Corporation - Reston, VA July 2017 to March 2018 • Served as Software/Application Developer leveraging the RSA Archer platform.  • Integrated disparate software applications through API function calls.  • Identified, assessed, and evaluated moderately complex product/service solutions.  • Coordinated resolution of product/service issues, upgrades, and problems.  • Interacted with management to assess major business processes and address product/service needs.  • Developed and delivered presentations to customer leadership.  • Designed, developed, enhanced, debugged, and implemented software.  • Troubleshooting production problems related to software applications.  • Researched, tested, built, and coordinated the conversion and/or integration of new modules.  • Designed and developed new software products or major enhancements to existing software.  • Addressed problems of system integration, compatibility, and multiple platforms.  • Consulted with end users to identify application requirements.  • Performed feasibility analyses on potential future projects.  • Guided team on remediation of vulnerabilities based on alerts received  • Consolidated and conducted comprehensive analysis of threat data obtained from various sources  • Resolved problems with software and responded to suggestions for improvement and enhancement.  • Participated in development of software user manuals. Sr RSA Archer SME/Information Security Analyst Elavon Headquarters - Atlanta, GA June 2016 to June 2017 • Provided technical expertise in development and ongoing support of program management functions within the Information Security team.  • Led enterprise-wide definition, establishment, maintenance, and reporting of metrics related to Information Security infrastructure, applications, and processes.  • Provided support to Information Security team members in governance functions such as finance and procurement management, SLA monitoring and reporting, and remediation management.  • Reviewed, developed, tested, and implemented security process and control documentation.  • Provided material support, tracking, and reporting for Information Security awareness and communications initiatives.  • Guided teams to take necessary actions on security incidents, based on metrics reporting and business governance initiatives  • Performed advanced analysis of potential malicious activities on customer network  • Consolidated and conducted comprehensive analysis of threat data obtained from vulnerability scan results  • Guided team on remediation of vulnerabilities based on vulnerability scan results and alerts received  • Gave feedback to SIRT team and other process owners based on non-compliance metrics and how to remediate based on control standards and business unit governance initiatives  • Analyzed logs with SIRT team, to identify attack trends, targeting and timing of potentially malicious activity  • Archer Administrator/Developer providing expertise in support of Archer eGRC initiatives. Developed core and on demand applications, like the Front Door process for requesting evidence of compliance. Created data feeds for the company's comply once, comply many initiative to disparate Archer applications. Upgraded platform from 5.5 to 6.1. Created workflow notifications. Provided access control. Created data feeds to automate metrics reporting. Integration Services System Architect-Contractor Diligent eSecurity Headquarters - Atlanta, GA May 2016 to June 2016 • Worked with teams to develop the organization's IT GRC capabilities through development of the RSA Archer solution.  • Worked with teams to produce accurate key operational metrics for IT assessments.  • Supplied recommendations and subject matter expertise for the development of the Archer platform.  • Oversaw and integrated multiple data feeds into the Archer platform.  • Provided guidance on implementing IT compliance control objectives through the Archer tool.  • Solved complex Archer Integration challenges.  • Debugged complex Archer configuration issues.  • Designed and built Archer apps from ground-up for Archer to interact with third-party security tools.  • Guided team on remediation of vulnerabilities based on vulnerability scan results and alerts received Security Consultant IV-Contractor Elavon Headquarters - Atlanta, GA February 2016 to March 2016 • Provided consultative, InfoSec technical knowledge and analytical support and leadership on Information Security industry trends, standards, best practices, concepts solutions and large projects.  • Provided support and guidance based on experiences in the areas of Information Security evidence, auditing, governance, and compliance, policy development, and project management, and coordination.  • Security expert around evidence collection, governance, auditing, and organization of evidence used in Governance, Risk, and Compliance - like PCI, ISO, SOX, etc.  • Worked with other security professionals collecting evidence and understanding what the evidence was so it could be organized.  • Assisted the Information Security department in providing for the safekeeping and integrity of company information around evidence collected for Information Security assessments.  • In-depth understanding of the RSA-Archer GRC tool and setting up evidence in that tool. IT Information Security Analyst - Contractor First Data Headquarters - Atlanta, GA July 2015 to November 2015 • Experience with IT Risk Management organization utilizing Archer eGRC.  • Experience understanding findings, weekly reporting, and identifying opportunities to automate through development.  • Process improvement, issue management, and overall operations support.  • Designed, integrated, implemented, and supported information security risk management processes and solutions at First Data.  • Responsible for holding key stakeholders accountable for the timeliness of completion and the quality of information pertaining to the risk throughout the risk management process, generating risk reporting and dashboards, ensuring information security risks were documented and managed to standards within Archer, and supporting internal and external program audits.  • Helped to facilitate stakeholder decisions based on risk data and seen as a constructive engager, leveraging business and technical engagement skills appropriately.  • Maintained integrity and confidentiality of client information by ensuring appropriate standards were in compliance with department standards and procedures.  • Maintained the information security environment and reported security violations.  • Expert in information security technology systems. Moderate projects and tasks. Sr Application Support Analyst/RSA Archer SME Travelport Headquarters - Atlanta, GA July 2012 to June 2015 • Worked on a day-to-day basis to support the strategic aims of the Risk Group and other user areas in the GRC software roll-out across Travelport as our holistic, integrated implementation of the RSA Archer product.  • Primary manager of the database including framework design and construction, using C#, file and string association construction and QA management.  • Performed the application security functions including adding, modifying and disabling user accounts, and performing periodic access recertification reviews.  • Provided first-level support to all users in relation to connectivity and application issues.  • Interfaced with Travelport's Technical Operations Department to resolve any infrastructure or application issues.  • Created new reports and/or enhanced existing reports to meet management's reporting requirements (Cognos Report Writer).  • Acted as liaison with GRC and Travelport's Technical Operations Departments on all new releases, both patches and functionality upgrades, tested all patches and enhancements based on management's functionality requirements and deployed releases in a controlled manner.  • Provided GRC training to the risk management/business community and advisors through a number of mediums including onsite training and the use of web training.  • Assisted the members of Travelport Business Solutions in their day-to-day activities.  • Participated in regression testing where required in support of change management activities. Any other duties required.  • Built the GRC platform from the ground up, IIS 7.0 web services and Windows Server 2008 R2.  • Worked with Archer GRC, Windows Server 2008, SQL Server 2005, IIS 7.0 web services, C#.Net, OpenText eDOCs 5.3.1, Workshare Compare, HTML, XML, JavaScript.  • Developed in C#.Net based ArcherGRC platform. Senior Application Support Analyst TMX Finance - Alpharetta, GA September 2011 to May 2012 • Acted as the liaison between infrastructure and development, from an application knowledge and support perspective.  • Tier 2 support including application issue and problem capture, triage, escalation, and resolution.  • Maintained current systems operation and architectural documentation.  • Production system testing and troubleshooting to resolve application issues quickly.  • Knowledge transfer and training of existing support team.  • Made recommendations on process and procedure improvement. ASP.NET Analyst/Programmer III - Contractor UPS/Adecco - Atlanta, GA January 2011 to May 2011 • Assisted the Web Development Manager on requirement documents and technical design.  • Developed 3-tiered web applications as indicated in requirement documents.  • Created deployment packages and procedures for both test and production environments.  • Worked with third-level support resources on any reported solution issues.  • Followed the application SDLC to complete assigned projects.  • Provided QA analysis, via black box, white box, and regression testing, developed using C# to create Unit testing to validate developer code, analysis, design, coding implementation, support.  • Worked with C#, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, JQuery, XML. Worked with SQL Server 2008, Visual Studio 2010, ASP.NET 4.0, ASP.NET MVC 3. Sr Production Support Specialist/Application Support Analyst Alere - Atlanta, GA July 2008 to January 2011 • Provided 2nd and 3rd-tier support for the organization's web-based applications.  • Triaged tickets to determine severity of issues, tracking bug fixes in Test Director.  • Assisted senior staff and other IT personnel to identify scope of issues and recommended best practices to prevent further occurrences.  • Implemented and tested new and existing web-based applications to ensure SLAs were met. Participated in 24/7 rotating on-call schedule and backed up team manager in running the weekly change management process.  • Involved in the testing and implementation phases of SDLC to the UAT and Production environments.  • Provided documentation and created service guide for applications supported.  • Implemented, installed web application software bugs, fixes and enhancements via web services such as IIS 6.0, WebSphere., configured and supported web.config, asp.net, recreated issue to root cause. Also worked with Windows Server 2003, Windows Server 2008, SQL Server 2005, deploying and patching using F5's SCCM software, F5 Load Balancer, Cisco VPN services, patching and deployments using Windows Installer MSI packaging tool. Education M.I.S., Computer Information Systems, Software Engineering Strayer University - Morrow, GA 2012 B.S. in Computer Information Technology American Intercontinental University - Atlanta, GA 2003 Skills Iis, Security, Web portal, Websphere, Cobit, Iso, Iso 27000, Nist, Nmap, Pci, Sox, Splunk, Wireshark, Database, Microsoft access, Sql server, Sql, Visual studio, Application software, Visio, Siem, Cyber Security, Information Security