Systems Support Technician Systems Support Technician Middletown, OH Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Systems Support Technician ADB Companies - Mason, OH February 2019 to June 2019 ? Maintained tickets and worked with the customer to resolve issues.   ? Assisted all of our clients with day-to-day support issues.   ? Answered incoming calls from customers.   ? Assisted team members to work and resolve issues. .   ? Participated in meetings around the service desk metrics and changes affecting the entire customer environment.   ? Created and updated knowledge base articles for the agents.   ? Escalation resource for both customers and agents.   ? Documented processes effectively and efficiently.  Team Lead Atos IT Services and Solutions Inc - Mason, OH June 2018 to February 2019 ? Maintained tickets and worked with the customer to resolve issues.   ? Assisted all of our clients with day-to-day support issues.   ? Answered incoming calls from customers.   ? Assisted team members to work and resolve issues.   ? Trained incoming team members of the desk policy and procedures.   ? Participated in meetings around the service desk metrics and changes affecting the entire customer environment.   ? Created and updated knowledge base articles for the agents.   ? Escalation resource for both customers and agents.   ? Documented processes effectively and efficiently.  Public Safety Officer Andy Frain Services - Cincinnati, OH December 2017 to May 2018 ? Responded to calls for service from tenants and consumers.   ? Assisted tenants in stops of shoplifting suspects for the return of their merchandise and the arrest of suspected guilty parties. .   ? Monitored CCTV, dispatched officers and answered the phones for guests with questions.  ? Wrote reports for incidents that occurred on mall property.   ? Completed interior and exterior patrols of the mall, ensuring the   mall has the highest level of security.  ? Maintained the highest level of customer service.   ? Documented processes effectively and efficiently. Systems Engineer II Vision One IT - Township of Liberty, OH February 2017 to October 2017 ? Maintained tickets and worked with the customer to resolve  issues.    ? Assisted all of our clients with day-to-day support issues.    ? Played a vital role in the maintenance and support of our clients  network infrastructure.    ? Configured new switches, firewalls and AP’s as required by our  clients.    ? Configured new servers, VM hosts and SAN’s as required by our  clients.    ? Built servers, domains, as well as built SQL and Machine Control  clusters for our clients.    ? Maintained a strict security policy for all applications and file  shares.    ? Documented processes effectively and efficiently.    ? Main Network Administrator internally and for our clients.  Associate Security Analyst Great American Insurance Group - Cincinnati, OH September 2016 to February 2017 ? Maintained tickets and worked with the customer to resolve  issues.    ? Wrote Powershell scripts to automate current manual processes.    ? Documented processes effectively and efficiently.    ? Provisioned accounts and access in Active Directory.    ? Maintained 4 domains, including DMZ, non-production and  production domains.    ? Business specific interface assistance/password resets.    ? Maintained a strict security policy for all applications and file  shares.   ? Reviewer of all requests for elevated access, as well as access to  applications and network locations.    ? Day-to-day customer support with business applications/needs.  IT Support Technician University Bank - Ann Arbor, MI February 2016 to June 2016 ? Maintained tickets and worked with the customer to resolve  issues.    ? Documented processes effectively and efficiently.    ? Researched plans for future network security implementation.    ? Researched plans for future network monitoring implementation.    ? Active Directory password resets/new account creation.    ? Business specific interface assistance/password resets.    ? Set up laptops for new employees and assisted with sign on  procedure.    ? Day-to-day customer support with business applications/needs. Technology Analyst Robert Half Technology - Cincinnati, OH February 2015 to February 2016 ? Built VMware Virtual Servers as required by the business.    ? Built physical servers and configured the server as required by the  business.    ? Maintained datastores on the Virtual hosts as required.    ? Maintained tickets and worked to resolve customer problems.    ? Added new hosts to our clustered environment, as per needs of  the businesses.    ? Assisted with daily backups of files and VMDK’s.    ? Develop scripts and web applications as required by the business.    ? Monitored SCCM, SCOM, AD and the wireless and LAN  infrastructure.  ? Assisted with backup procedures for the DR site.    ? Assisted with the SCCM infrastructure, built and deployed  packages, as well as Operating Systems and Windows Updates for  clients and servers.    ? Assisted with ensuring HA and our clustered host environments  maintained stability and resolved issues with HA as needed.    ? Documented processes effectively and efficiently.    ? Virtualized physical servers to VMware using the VMware P2V  tool.    ? Migration of files (VMDK, File Server, etc) from legacy systems to  new systems and ensured working properly. Systems Administrator Wyoming City Schools - Wyoming, OH September 2012 to October 2014 ? Monitor, troubleshoot, isolate and resolve issues with WLAN/LAN  and on WAN.    ? Deploy new switches, AP’s, servers and systems as required.    ? Build new images in SCCM to deploy.    ? Develop scripts and web applications as required by the district  and city.    ? Assisted with ensuring HA and our clustered host environments  maintained stability and resolved issues with HA as needed.    ? Built VMware Virtual Servers as needed by the district.    ? Maintained datastores and the SAN infrastructure.    ? Worked to develop packages in SCCM to deploy to our clients.   ? Built and maintained physical and virtual servers as required.    ? Built network monitoring servers (Nagios, SolarWinds, Cacti) to  monitor the infrastructure effectively.    ? Documented processes effectively and efficiently. Education Information Technology Butler Tech-D Russel Lee Career Center - Hamilton, OH August 2009 to June 2011 Diploma in High School Edgewood High School - Trenton, OH August 2007 to June 2011