Batch Operations Specialist Batch Operations Specialist Denver, CO 13 years of technical operations and support experience, seeking a challenging position in the software field for growth with the organization. Work Experience Batch Operations Specialist Reed Group, Inc 2013 to Present IT Support Analyst Nelnet, Inc 2010 to 2013 SaaS & Web Security Analyst MX Logic / McAfee 2009 to 2010 Additional Information Technical Skills  Languages: HTML, SQL, XML, SSL, IIS, VM, CSS, MS Exchange  Software: Network Automation, Microsoft Office, FileZilla, NotePad++, RemoteNG, Adobe Creative Cloud, QuickBooks, VMware, Jira, Parature, WebQA, Seibel, Remote Desktop, Orca, Microsoft CRM, IBM iSeries, Interactive Intelligence Phone Client, Active Directory, Cisco WebEx & Conference  Systems: OSX, Windows Desktop & Server  Databases: Oracle, SQL, Access    Key Responsibilities  • Configure, train & support FTP connections for new external partners.  • Assisted in the design and implementation of new tools and workflows to automate network activity, file movements and alarms.  • Successfully led a project that rewrote / edited existing internal and external Knowledge Base articles. These process documents assisted as a source of training materials.  • Designed and implemented online support processes including both an online knowledge base and a problem ticket system.  • Supported marketing and development teams with on time and successful new software releases and upgrades.  • Provided rotating 24/7 coverage for network level infrastructure issues and support needs.  • Provide support to the SaaS suite of services to customers/partners.  • Work with System Support Specialists to resolve intricate customer issues, escalating service requests with detailed customer notes or replication of issue.  • Assist department associates to share expertise, mentor, and conference on customer calls to improve team effectiveness.  • Attained ISSO 1 Certification  • Work with LAN team on access / network issues escalating to proper team members when appropriate.  • Create and update daily issues reports that are used by the account managers.  • Assist associates to share expertise with customer issues to improve team effectiveness.  • Review and edit process documentation for internal use by associates.