IT Specialist <span class="hl">IT</span> Specialist Harvey, LA Work Experience IT Specialist Department of the United States Air Force - New Orleans, LA November 2017 to Present This is a federal job)  Duties, Accomplishments and Related Skills:  1. Provides IT engineering and installation services to DoD, MAJCOM, NGB and base level customers. Performs IT architectural design and engineering work  for complete IT systems, downward directed programs/systems, Internet Protocol (IP)-based systems and circuits, one-of-a-kind systems, routine upgrades, and system enhancements. Analyzes capabilities and performance, identifies problems, and directs corrective actions to provide seamless integration, proper  configuration, operation, defense, restoration, and improvements. Deploys, sustains, troubleshoots and repairs standard voice, data and video network  infrastructure systems, IP detection systems and cryptographic equipment. Directs activities for installing, maintaining, repairing, overhauling, deploying, and modifying cyberspace systems and equipment platforms and evaluates facilities layout and performance standards. Researches, interprets and applies  appropriate technical and policy guidance for each assigned project. Ensures downward directed IT projects/programs integrate with existing infrastructures.    2. Manages and directs engineering and installations training and operations in garrison and at deployed locations by performing duties to develop, sustain, and enhance network and electromagnetic capabilities to defend national interests from attack. Ensures personnel are trained, equipped, and available to perform  the assigned mission. Conducts career field development and mentoring for subordinate cyberspace support personnel. Plans and organizes cyberspace  support activities. Determines equipment, training and supplies required for systems implementation and support. Establishes tactics, techniques and procedures.    3. Produces IT architectural installation project packages. Coordinates project requirements with affected Communication and Information Systems Officer  (CSO) to ensure system inter-operability, compatibility, and cost effectiveness of the proposed technical solution. Directs activities responsible for system  analysis and design, programming, operations and maintenance, security, systems management, technical support, plans, implementation, and resource  management. Researches, interprets, and implements policies, directives, and procedures to ensure proposed requirement(s) conform to policies, standards, and guidelines. Develops detailed design specifications. Identifies source of major equipment items and necessary logistical lead-time required. Advises the  CSO on potential problems or delays. Coordinates project requirements and assignment of project identification numbers with project manager. Ensures project  package is published and distributed.    4. Configures, installs, maintains, reconstitutes, removes, relocates, overhauls, and modifies IP-based systems, circuits, and intrusion detection systems, physical and wireless Local Area Networks (LAN), Wide Area Networks (WAN), ground radio, satellite, and telemetry communications, command and control,  weather, ground aircraft control and warning radar systems, air traffic control radio, meteorological and navigational aid systems, and airfield systems and other  equipment platforms. Manages infrastructure devices and systems using the latest approved software tools. Applies communications security programs to    1/4  include physical, cryptographic, transmission, and emission security.    5. Conducts on-site engineering surveys to gather specific project information. Prepares reports on maintaining, installing, repairing, removing, and siting of IP- based systems, circuits, and intrusion detection systems, physical and wireless Local Area Networks (LAN), Wide Area Networks (WAN), ground radio, satellite,  and telemetry communications, command and control, weather, ground aircraft control and warning radar systems, air traffic control radio, meteorological and navigational aid systems, and airfield systems and other equipment platforms.    6. Manages implementation and project installation and ensures architecture, configuration, and integration conformity. Develops, plans, and integrates base  communications systems. Serves as advisor at meetings for facility design, military construction programs and minor construction planning.    7. Conducts on-site IT engineering assistance visits as required. Identifies cross functional dependencies such as Civil Engineering. Interprets inspection  findings and determines adequacy of corrective action. Reviews and ensures compliance with maintenance management publications and procedures. Identifies  problem areas and recommends corrective action.  Supervisor: Andre Paille, CMSGT (985-778-1707)  Okay to contact this Supervisor: Contact me first Cyber Transport Craftsman United States Air Force - Belle Chasse, LA September 2015 to Present 400 Russell Blvd  Belle Chasse, LA 70037 United States    09/2015 - Present  Hours per week: 40  Cyber Transport Technician  Duties, Accomplishments and Related Skills:  Attained the rank of Staff Sergeant on 9 July 2016    Completed Information Technology Fundamentals- Electronic Principles Course at Keesler AFB, MS as the Distinguished Graduate in August 2016    Completed Cyber Transport Systems Course at Keesler AFB, MS as the Distinguished Graduate in December 2016    Passed the CompTia Security+ exam and received a Security+ Certification in December 2016    Attained Associates of Applied Science Degree via the Community College of the Air Force (CCAF) on 4 October 2016    Deployed to Iraq June 2018 - February 2019  Duties include: providing mission-critical voice, data, and video services. Installing and maintaining systems/circuits/IP-based intrusion detection systems that  access various network types. Managing infrastructure devices and systems using the latest approved software tools. Deploying and operating expeditionary  communications systems. Maintaining assemblies and subassemblies to optimally sustain voice, data, and video networks. Establishing priorities, maintaining, testing, troubleshooting, and repairing network systems equipment and circuits utilizing tools and test equipment. Also, monitoring the performance of systems  and circuits. Coordinating with other agencies to analyze and isolate malfunctions and implement corrective actions. Inspecting equipment for serviceability and perform preventive maintenance, if required.  Supervisor: Senior Master Sergeant Timothy Theriot (504-433-8812)  Okay to contact this Supervisor: Yes Classified SOC Analyst Knight Point Systems, LLC - Kiln, MS June 2017 to November 2017 Salary: 50,000.00 USD Per Year  Hours per week: 40  Classified SOC Analyst  Duties, Accomplishments and Related Skills:  As a Security Operations Center (SOC) Analyst I help coordinate and report on cyber incidents impacting the Department of Homeland Security and its domain.  I am responsible for working in a 24x7 Security Operation Center (SOC) environment/SCIF. I perform continuous monitoring of the network's activity by users  and servers, while also providing analysis and trending of security log data as evidence to support a security incident or event. If an event is discovered during system checks or monitoring and escalated to a security event I provide the Incident Response (IR) Team with assistance to resolve the incident as soon as  possible by way of investigation. As a SOC analyst, I also provide threat and vulnerability analysis, as well as security advisory services, I analyze and respond to previously undisclosed software and hardware vulnerabilities, and investigate, document, and report on information security issues and emerging trends. In  order to thoroughly investigate a possible malware event and rule out false positives, I also utilize open source tools and programs within the scope of my duties.  Within the SOC environment there are other analysts and we share information with each other and other teams to ensure that everyone has the latest  information available.    Supervisor: Stacy Ladnier (202-774-7621)  Okay to contact this Supervisor: Contact me first IT Specialist Apex Systems, LLC - New Orleans, LA March 2017 to June 2017 Duties, Accomplishments and Related Skills:  Install, configure, service, repair and maintain information technology systems in both a stand-alone and client-server environment, including MS servers, Defense Message Systems and other authorized information technology systems. Install, configure, service, repair and maintain hardware and software for  network services, storage networking devices and servers. Integrate multiple information systems in a networked environment, evaluate and resolve customer  information system problems, effect required hardware upgrades and repair to maintain mission capability. Install and configure wireless hubs, routers, switches  and various transmission media, server hardware and software and ensure the proper installation and configuration of workstation hardware and software for efficient operation on the network. Install, optimize and troubleshoot Local Area and Base Area Networks.  Supervisor: Andrew Hill (919-836-1234)  Okay to contact this Supervisor: Yes Cable and Antenna Systems Journeyman United States Air Force - Belle Chasse, LA September 2011 to September 2015 400 Russell Blvd  Belle Chasse, LA 70037 United States    09/2011 - 09/2015  Hours per week: 40  Cable and Antenna Systems Technician  Duties, Accomplishments and Related Skills:    Deployment to Afghanistan  9/2013-06/2014    Secret Security Clearance  Cable/Antenna Technician/Convoy Operations  Install, maintain, reconstitute, remove and modify copper core, coaxial, waveguide and fiber-optic cable and antenna systems  Climb antenna support structures and wooden poles to various heights for maintenance and installation actions on cable and antenna systems  Install and maintain dedicated local area network (LAN) and wide area network (WAN) media distribution systems, including distribution system interior wiring  Use drawings, task lists, instructions and technical data to work on copper core, coaxial, waveguide, fiber-optic cable and antenna systems  Terminate copper core and fiber-optic cables on main distribution frames and interface equipment  Operate and perform maintenance on tools, test equipment, auxiliary equipment and vehicles such as backhoes, trenchers, cable trailers, cable reel trucks and antenna construction vehicles  Locate, repair and replace faulty closures in copper core, waveguide, coaxial and fiber-optic cable systems  Install, maintain and mark paths of buried cable systems    Promoted to the rank of Senior Airman (02/2014)    Awards:  Army Commendation Medal  AF Outstanding Unit Award  National Defense Service Medal  Afghanistan Campaign Medal with 1 service star  Global War On Terrorism Expeditionary Medal  Air Force Expeditionary Service Ribbon with Gold Border  AF Training Ribbon  NATO Medal Transportation Security Officer Transportation Security Administration - Kenner, LA October 2010 to April 2013 900 Airline Drive  Kenner, LA 70062 United States    10/2010 - 04/2013  Hours per week: 40  Series: 2101 Pay Plan: SV Grade: E  Transportation Security Officer (This is a federal job)  Duties, Accomplishments and Related Skills:  Performed a variety of duties related to providing security and protection of air travelers, airports and aircraft  Responsible for identifying dangerous objects in baggage, cargo and/or on passengers; and preventing those objects from being transported onto aircraft  Performed various tasks such as: pat down searches, operation of x-ray machines, lift and carry baggage (weighing up to 70 pounds), and screening and ticket  review using electronic and imaging equipment  Performed passenger screening, baggage screening, or both.  Implemented security-screening procedures that are central to Transportation Security Administration (TSA) objectives and that will serve to protect the traveling  public by preventing any deadly or dangerous objects from being transported onto an aircraft.    Assisted in conducting screening of passengers, baggage and cargo.  Conducted screening at any airport that provides commercial services to the public.  Assisted in monitoring the flow of passengers through the screening checkpoint to facilitate the orderly and efficient processing of passengers.  Maintained close communication with supervisors regarding any issues that might reveal a weakness or vulnerable area of security screening that is discovered in the course of screening duties. Participated in information briefings concerning security-sensitive or classified information.  Learned the theories, dynamics, and factors underlying the aviation screening process to enable authoritative and independent handling of screening functions.  Learned to operate basic security equipment such as X-ray machines and hand wands at screening checkpoints  Worked with persons of diverse backgrounds  Communicated non-technical information effectively to others Education High school or equivalent L.W. Higgins High School - Marrero, LA May 2017 Associate's Degree in Electronic Systems Technology Community College of the Air Force - Maxwell AFB, AL October 2016 Skills Information Technology, Desktop Support, It Specialist, Network Support Certifications/Licenses CompTIA Security+ December 2016 to December 2019 Currently completing CE credits for certification renewal MTA Networking Fundamentals April 2017 to Present Additional Information Skills:  CompTIA Security+ Certification  Microsoft Technology Associate: Networking Fundamentals  TS/SCI Security Clearance  Strong leadership qualities  Strong work ethic  Excellent communication skills  Interpersonal Skills  Detail-Oriented  Analytical Skills  Computer Skills: MS Word, Outlook, Excel