Consulting Security Specialist Consulting <span class="hl">Security</span> Specialist Consulting Security Specialist Old Bridge, NJ Work Experience Consulting Security Specialist Aspire Technology Partners - Eatontown, NJ September 2017 to April 2019 Conduct assessments, penetration tests, and policy creation for clients.  • Conducted the following types of assessments and tests for clients ranging from government and hospitals to schools  and the private vector.  o Black and white box Penetration tests (some used for PCI and SOC compliance)  o Vulnerability  o Web Application  o Wireless (including mapping, rouge AP's and penetration)  o Physical access  o Social engineering  o Digital Forensics  o Cloud environment (AWS, Azure)  o Android application (APK)  o Office 365  o System hardening (Linux and Microsoft)  o Firewall  o Microsoft infrastructure realignment  • Provide manual vulnerability validation on all findings.  • Extensive work with SIEM and data loss prevention solutions.  • Create reports following assessment and tests for clients using CVE scores to show importance and create a timeline  for remediation.  • Construct policy for clients as well for internally use using NIST, PCI, SOX, HIPAA guidelines.  • Built infrastructure diagrams for clients to restructure their internal networks to increase security, availability, redundancy and to assist in following compliance.  • Managed internal security regarding internal and external networks as well as web applications.  • Conducted risk management assessments and strategies using NIST and ISO frameworks.  • Worked with software such as Nessus, Qualys, Openvas, Acunetix, Varonis, Metasploit, Burpsuite, Nmap, Wireshark, Alienvault, and many other open source security tools. Information Security Analyst, MLBAM BAMTECH/The Walt Disney Company - New York, NY 2014 to 2017 Conducted incident  prevention, detection/analysis, containment, eradication and aid recovery across IT systems.  • Head of internal security. Responsible for identifying vulnerabilities, exploits and potential breaches in internal and external network and well as application layer testing for 5000+ hosts.  • Educating C level executives, business managers, IT development teams, and the user community about risk and security controls.  • Created company risk and scanning process in order to stay ahead of possible breaches.  • Qualified to run both internal and external penetration tests for PCI DSS and SOC 1&2.  • Preformed social engineering and physical access testing and training.  • Monitored and remediated Check Point IPS/IDS events.  • Skilled with Kali Linux and tools to run manual testing.  • Manage wireless protection with Kismet, Netscout and Cisco Air Marshal for 10+ datacenters.  • Experienced in PCI DSS (Level 1 and 2) and SOC 1 & 2 audits.  • Analyzed security incidents and presented monthly reports to the SVP of IT. Microsoft Systems Engineer, Major League Baseball Advanced Media MLBAM/BAMTECH - New York, NY 2012 to 2014 Create and maintain Microsoft infrastructure in New York, San Francisco, Omaha and Texas.  • Managed 1000+ employees with Active Directory and Open Directory, including making and managing distribution  lists, exchange email accounts, creating and terminating employee accounts, and access to company VPN.  • Manage 100+ servers including virtual and physical machines.  • Handle DFS server request such as creating private user folders, public department folders, and general redundancy  using lag copies and in our 4 locations.  • Ensure the backup and replication of company data using Avamar for DFS storage, SourceOne for exchange and Syncplicity for user data as well and the restoration of missing data or emails.  • Maintain the day to day functionality of our 10 local domain controllers.  • Responsible for all DHCP requests and troubleshooting.  • Constructed SCCM server and am in charge of creating and deploying packages/applications.  • Supervise Microsoft Exchange servers (Server 2008/2012) to ensure reliability of the DAG and safeguard that we have  available SAN space available as our environment grows.  • Completed email archive migration from Symantec Enterprise Vault to EMC SourceOne. IT Support, Major League Baseball Advanced Media MLBAM/BAMTECH - New York, NY 2010 to 2012 Remote and in office diagnosis, troubleshooting, and repair of desktops, laptops, tablets and server issues. Database management of Active Directory, Open  Directory, Symantec Endpoint, Symantec Altiris, Exchange, and wireless access for the company.  • Managed a team of 5 employees (3 in office, 2 in remote office).  • Managed all Apple repairs and orders through Apple GSX.  • Project lead on company migration from Windows XP to Windows 7.  • Project lead on company migration to Cisco Webex.  • Project lead on Shellshock Bash Vulnerability patch for all company computers.  • Administer JAMF server to create, deploy, and manage company Macs.  • Created and manage Open Directory Servers and replicating servers (OSX server 10.8.5).  • Independently created and manage Apple image servers (OSX server 10.9).  • Configured hardware and computer peripherals in office and at ballparks.  • Managed company inventory with Symantec Altiris, as well as company antivirus with Symantec Endpoint.  • Configured employee's cisco VPN and all troubleshooting of VPN issues.  • Organized all completed projects with Service Now ticketing system. Education Computer Engineering DeVry University Additional Information • Skilled security professional with 10+ years of IT experience and 6 years of security  experience varying from very large corporations, health care industry, Department of  Defense, Manufacturing, Media, and other branches of government.  • Consistently recognized for technical troubleshooting skills used to cost-effectively  resolve challenging technical issues.  • Quickly learn and master new technology; equally successful in both team and self-  directed settings; and proficient in a range of computer systems, tools, and databases in  a small or corporate setting with in depth knowledge.    Technology Summary