Third Party Risk Analyst Third Party Risk <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Third Party Risk Analyst Houston, TX Work Experience Third Party Risk Analyst ADP TOTAL SOURCE INC - Miami, FL December 2016 to 2019 Responsibilities  • Completed risk analysis for onsite assessments/remote assessments  • Worked with the appropriate business user and technology owner to ensure that for any identified risks that require mitigating action, a plan is developed and executed.  • Evaluate vendor's responses to Identify any risks the vendor poses and advice management appropriately.  • Provides risk-related support to other Risk Lead and in Scope entities in best aligning policies/procedures with relevant law/regulation and high-level policies and framework.  • Responsible for conducting vendor risk assessments, with a focus on Information Security, and Privacy.  • Engaged in tracking security incidents and conducting risk assessment on service request.  • Reviewed services provided by vendor and define scope of assessment based on the SIG  • Identify the top human risks to the organization and the behaviors that needed change to mitigate those risks.  • Monitor all in-place security solutions for efficient and appropriate operations.  • Worked within the established framework and process and have the ability to proactively follow-up with internal stakeholders and vendors to move assessments through the process within agreed-upon SLAs  • Project Management of corrective actions and remedial efforts as required.  • Assist with the documentation of policies, standards, and operational processes.  • Ensure the TPRM Program meets all industry regulations, standards, and compliance requirements.  • Experience writing skills to support development content and communicating information security.  • Review and analyze SOC 2 Type II reports of third parties/vendors and Data Center. Vendor Risk Manager MINNEAPOLIS March 2015 to October 2016 Responsiblities  • Developed and maintained good working relations with vendors.  • Perform third party/ vendor risk assessment to assess the effectiveness of vendor controls against ISO 27001, HIPAA, HITECH through the use of GRC tool.  • Managed all classification programs for vendors.  • Coordinated with various departments made site visits and prepared vendor plans.  • Analyzed and prepared reports on vendor spend and demand.  • Ensured optimal services from vendors and maintained scorecards for each individual vendor.  • Properly manage cross-functional stakeholder of potential policy changes and impacts, risk-based recommendations, and relevant resolution/mitigation plans.  • Assisted stakeholders and sponsors and developed initiatives for vendors and departments.  • Monitored vendor, identified all issues in delivery process, and resolved it.  • Maintained good relationship with vendors and ensured cost effective methods.  • Ensured vendors maintain quality of services and incorporated all organization standards.  • Organized monthly meetings and evaluated work of each vendor.  • Engage vendors in remediation activities to enable them remediate identified risks.  • Monitor security risks that cannot be remediated on scheduled time.  • Engaged in Regulatory Security Risk Assessments and audits and update related regulations and industry best practices.  • Completed risk analysis for onsite assessments/remote assessments.  • Assist with the documentation of policies, standards, and operational processes.  • Assess the extent that any outstanding risks may bring to the company.  • Worked with the appropriate business user and technology owner to ensure that for any identified risks that require mitigating action, a plan is developed and executed. IT Security Risk Manager LEIDOS HEALTH - INDIANA May 2013 to March 2015 Responsibilities:  • Provided analysis and recommendations for identified security exceptions; participated in defining remediation efforts  • Test controls and identified deficiencies  • Managed all classification programs for vendors.  • Developed security control test plans and conducted in-depth security assessments of information systems that evaluate compliance of administrative, physical, technical, organizational and polices  • Drove all aspects of the risk assessment of firm-wide critical suppliers, service providers.  • Assessed completed questionnaire and supporting materials to ensure they are complete.  • Identified control breaks and vulnerabilities with third party.  • Met with IT team to gather evidence, develop test plans, testing procedures and documented the test results and exceptions.  • Documented findings and work with the LOB Delivery Manager to resolve those findings through Remediation Plans (RPs) or seek Non-Compliance Acceptance (NCA) approvals.  • Validated evidence from third party before remediation plans are closed.  • Escalated issues associated with third parties as needed.  • Assisted with various third party risk management program initiatives.  • Conducted supported annual security evaluation assessments based on NIST SP 800-53 rev 4 and 53A)  • Reviewed vulnerability assessments and ensure that risks identified are evaluated and proper actions have been taken to limit their impact on information systems.  • Conducted IT risk assessment and documented the system security key controls  • Conducted walkthroughs and table top exercises, formulate test plans, test results and develop remediation plans for each area of the testing.  • Routine development of HIPAA compliance reports, documenting auditing findings and corrective actions.  • Provides business analysis and builds risk policies and procedures per applicable policy framework and governance.  • Review, analyze and identify opportunities and lead changes to policies to reduce policy burden on enterprise and increase the proper alignment of policies across the in scope entities in the Americas and with Global and International Policies, and applicable laws/regulations. Education Associate in OND Houston Community College 2009 Skills RISK ASSESSMENT (6 years), SECURITY (6 years), PROJECT MANAGEMENT (2 years), RISK MANAGEMENT (1 year), TRADING (1 year), DUE DILIGENCE (Less than 1 year), INVENTORY (Less than 1 year), MICROSOFT OFFICE (Less than 1 year), MS OFFICE (Less than 1 year), SATISFACTION (Less than 1 year), WORKFLOW (Less than 1 year), WORKFLOW ANALYSIS (Less than 1 year), Excel Additional Information Skills  Extensive knowledge of Microsoft office suite, windows operating system, analytical skills, multi-tasking, I can work independently and with team. Good communication skills to build and maintain customer satisfaction and give feedback in clear and sound manners on matters associated with IT security. Vendor Risk/Third Party security Risk Management, vendor inventory, due diligence, risk assessment, ongoing monitoring, project management and monitoring, workflow analysis and design, JIRA, servicenow agile development etc.