Security Analyst 2 <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> 2 Security Analyst 2 Saint Augustine, FL Work Experience Security Analyst 2 Comcast - Centennial, CO March 2018 to July 2019 Support and operate multiple security-based applications including Genetec, AMAG, Prowatch, Entre, and RemoteLink.  Provide all IT hardware and software assistance to my team when needed.  Provide support to end users via email, Skype, and telephone.  Collaborate with vendors to locate replacement components and resolve advanced problems.  Resolve a diverse range of technical issues across multiple systems and applications for customers and end-users across 3  time zones. Rep 3, IT Support Comcast - Centennial, CO May 2015 to March 2018 Received promotion to senior technician within 18 months •  Researched, troubleshot and resolved complex problems independently.  Reviewed technical documentation and procedures.  Served as West Division subject matter expert for network account provisioning  Used scripting skills to contribute to internal tools.  Managed high level administrative tasks for email as West Division Exchange administrator  Defined and documented technical best practices. Advanced Product Support Coordinator Comcast April 2013 to May 2015 Ensure order coordination, verification and corrections are completed within defined service level agreements.  Work with the senior sales team to ensure customer orders are processed appropriately.  Assist with incubating process for new products during the early phases of introduction.  Manage strategic accounts.  Work cross functionally with advanced technical support teams to manage escalation mailboxes and ensure timely and accurate resolution within defined Service Level Agreements.  Provide order support and coordination for advanced voice and data services including the small business, mid-market and Enterprise channels.  Ensure contracts meet all submission criteria and compliance requirements and approve/correct or reject contracts as appropriate.  Review contract and validate services with customers to ensure accuracy.  Serve as primary interface with identified customer IT/technical personnel/vendor/VAR.  Navigate through multiple systems to build, track and monitor orders.  Interface with various levels of sales, operations, project managers, and other functional groups to ensure order flows  appropriately. Education High school or equivalent Skills Microsoft Office (10+ years), Customer Service (10+ years), Information Technology (5 years)