Security Operations Analyst <span class="hl">Security</span> Operations <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Security Specialist Warren, MI • IT Professional with around 7 years of progressive experience specializing in identity access management, IT security assessments and general technical support  • Well-versed in LDAP, Active Directory and Forefront Identity Manager  • Strong networking background, using various computer manufacture hardware.  • Strong strategic and team building skills, and multi-level user training.  • Proven experience in designing, evaluating and documenting processes and in working well with technical managers and development teams to manage requirements and processes. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Security Operations Analyst Ally - Detroit, MI November 2017 to Present • Assist with the development and maintenance of a weekly brief that captures all of the cyber events with metrics and trends  • Report common and repeat problems (trend analysis) to management and propose process and technical improvements  • Manage the SOC mailbox, and monitor and analyze the emails for threats including phishing and malware, and escalates per procedure  • Monitor, evaluate, and assist with the maintenance of assigned security systems in accordance with industry best practices to safeguard internal information systems and databases  • Oversee and ensure P1 and P2 incidents are handled according to operational procedures. Document areas of improvement through after action reports and work with necessary parties to resolve any findings IT Security Specialist Blue Cross Blue Shield - Detroit, MI April 2017 to May 2017 • The IAM Security Specialist serves as the process lead for all audit and IAM activities that provision and maintain appropriate systems access to BCBSM-BCN employees and contractors.  • Responsibilities include account administration and access rights review related to a range of platforms, applications and databases.  • Business Analyst for Use Case Document, Requirements Specification documents  • Responsibilities also include but are not limited to service level accountability, metrics reporting, workflow procedure design and documentation and audit support for one or more activities of the IAM Service team.  • Contribute to the execution of a user identity management program including role definition projects. Infrastructure System Analyst Beaumont Health System - Troy, MI May 2015 to August 2016 • Protect vulnerable networks following detailed risk assessments  • Responsible for the coordination and rename of employees and non-employees for Beaumont, Botsford Affiliation (ID Duplication resolution)  • Assist user's with shared drive and group access  • Managed group exceptions by investigating then either granting or denying exceptions to deny certain levels of access to applications and groups based on non-qualified job code or region or specific user accounts.  • Built ongoing relationships with corporate information security counterparts at Botsford and Oakwood  • Prepare and maintain documentation of technologies, standards and procedures.  • Responsible for Tier III support for all Active Directory related issues  • Auto Provisioning user access granting application entitlements, Gathering information, writing up BRD, Flowcharts, Test Tracking documents.  • Manage user accounts, groups, print queues and controlling access rights using Active Directory.  • Strategize and manage operations of identity management functions, including: Automated access provisioning and de-provisioning capability, internal and external identity federation, privilege and password management Remote Desktop Support GENERAL MOTORS VIA TEKSYSTEMS - Warren, MI June 2013 to May 2015 Technical/ Desktop Support (contract)  • Provide Level 1.5 Tier support.  • Professionally perform installation upgrades, MS 2007& 2008 on HP and Dell Laptops for clients.  • Professionally work with customers and internal Tier 3 support to resolve complex issues  • Professionally work to resolve issues with Executives, Critical VIP's and Board members  • Effective troubleshooting and remediation of network related incidents (LAN and WAN)  • Perform various moves and setups for PC's.  • Perform Active Directory troubleshooting to AD child domain.  • Verify/ Troubleshoot GPO (domain policies) that is obtained from new domain controllers.  • Effectively work with proactive monitoring systems.  • Clearly document analysis, along with the steps taken for resolution using Remedy ticketing system. Technical Support/ Incident Manager CARETECH SOLUTIONS - Troy, MI October 2012 to May 2013 • Provided 100% Telephone/ Level 2 Tier support.  • Maintain HIPPAA compliant policies.  • Performed Active Directory migration/ troubleshooting to AD child domain for new locations.  • Verify/Troubleshoot GPO (domain policies) that is obtained from new domain controllers.  • Supported NTFS file system SEE encryption, required by HIPPAA  • Resolved support tickets related to migration issues  • Effectively Monitor and Maintain SLA/AHT uptime as pertaining to company agreement  • Attend daily meetings, delivering oral report updates in correlation with Service Desk and special project related issues. Education BS in Cyber Security ITT Technical Institute - Troy, MI March 2013 to June 2016 AAS in Computer Network Systems ITT Technical Institute - Troy, MI June 2010 to March 2013 Skills ACTIVE DIRECTORY (5 years), SECURITY (3 years), CLIENT/SERVER (1 year), ETHERNET (Less than 1 year), EXCHANGE (2 years), Network Security, Splunk Military Service Branch: Air Force Service Country: United States Rank: E-5 / SSgt May 2000 to August 2009 Signals Intelligence Analyst  - Performs and manages intelligence analysis activities/functions in all domains. - Analyzes and exploits intelligence information, develops targets, and provides situational awareness for operations personnel and key leadership.  - Conducts research and develops assessments of adversarial actions and intentions.   - Drafts and disseminates long-term and time-sensitive intelligence reports to consumers worldwide. Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  • Networking: Gigabit Ethernet, Fast Ethernet, 802.11 a/b/g/n; TCP/IP, IP/SPX, DEC, MPLS; Granular understanding if multi-protocol design and troubleshooting, specializing in IP; Familiar with OSI, excel in layers 3, 4, 5 6, 7  • Security: IPSEC (SA, CA), IKE, ISAKMP, PKI, DES, 3DES, MD5, SHA-1; SSL VPN; SOHO router firewall  • Operating Systems: Microsoft 2000, XP, Win7, 2008 (client/server); Active Directory; MAC OS X; Microsoft Exchange Server