IT Asset Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Asset Manager IT Asset Manager - Jacobs/Spathe Systems Greensboro, NC Skilled in maintaining Inventory and full accountability of government assets. Possesses excellent  Organizational and Communicational skills. Extensive experience in Accountability,  Shipping/Receiving, Warehouse management and supervising Inventory. Assist all businesses with  achieving both short term and long term business goals and objectives. Possess other skills such as,    • Mentoring and Leadership, Cyber Awareness, Warehouse Operation, Asset Manager    • Logistics Analyst, Defense and Security Operations, IT and Manufacturing.  • Honorable Discharge from U.S Marine Corps Dec 1, 2018    • Highest Rank Obtained E-5/Sgt.    •Currently Active SECRET Security Clearance/ and 10-year U.S Passport Work Experience IT Asset Manager Jacobs/Spathe Systems August 2019 to Present Manage software and technology-related hardware within the organization. This includes planning, monitoring, and recording software license and/or hardware assets to ensure compliance with vendor  contracts. Develop and implement procedures for tracking company assets to oversee quality control throughout their lifecycles.  • Lead financial, contractual, and inventory functions in support of new material purchases and  capital equipment replacement  • Work directly with the Government to maintain a seamless transition from the creation of purchase  orders, to the delivery of assets, to the disposal of end of life items  • Maintaining the accuracy of Configuration Items (CIS) in the Configuration Management Database  (CMDB)  • Auditing, validating, and reconciling software licenses against the installed asset base  • Ensure policy compliance and asset maintenance.  • Manage all IT assets in classified and unclassified domains, navigate procedural and policy  boundaries to conduct on-site inventory of assets across the enterprise, identify and remove  obstacles to the completion of asset inventories, follow established procedures for the decommissioning of IT assets, and manage supplies. Armed Security Guard Constellis 2019 to July 2019 Protect government equipment and personnel; Provide static installation access control; Lead roving  patrols throughout the site and report all unusual activity. Conduct fixed site guard operations; Report  violations of your instructions to the guard supervisor.  Safeguard Israeli and U.S multi-tiered anti-missile defense combat system. Total asset value 1.7billion  U.S dollars.  Maintain weapons qualification on the M16/M4.  Perform detailed search on all personal entering the site. Use approved defensive tactics, approved by the company to apprehend anyone who presents hostile intent. Logistics Analyst/Independent Consultant Spathe Systems/General Dynamics Information Technology - Tampa, FL December 2018 to April 2019 Supported inventory efforts for SOCOM (U.S Special Operations Command) and CENTCOM (U.S Central Command) NATO (North Atlantic Treaty Organization)  Headquarters Mons, Belgium, S.H.A.P.E (Supreme Headquarters Allied Powers Europe) U.S.  European Command, U.S Africa Command and U.S Marine Forces Europe Headquarters  Stuttgart, Germany.    -Conduct of 100% inventories of government and contractor owned property at each  location. Assist with Inventory accountable property per asset listings provided by on- site GDIT personnel. When applicable, assist in reconciling on-hand inventories with  equipment densities recorded in the contractor's Provance Asset Management System.  -Record and submit all discrepancies inventoried. Assist in disposition and accounting based on US  BICES-X  direction while on site.  - Identify inventory shortages or excessive usage. Mark or tag articles as required for identification purposes. Respond to additional guidance from  US BICES-X personnel SUPPLY TECHNICIAN U.S MARINE CORPS ACTIVE DUTY - Charleston, SC July 2017 to November 2018 Managed and account for all Cougar Mine Resistant Ambush Protectant vehicles.  Tracked location and condition of vehicles within Defense Property Accountability  System. Generated shipping documents to prepare, and inspect vehicles prior to leaving Charleston, SC. Supervised weekly inventory teams to ensure all assets are  accounted for.  Controlled and secured for over $400M worth of government combat vehicles. METAL BACKER February 2015 to July 2018 Apply unique backer designs to all forms of glass products dictated by the company.  Ensure the quality of all glass products before products is sent to shipping/receiving.    Crane Operator Transport glass throughout work cell using Hydraulic vacuum crane  Cutter Cut glass according to customer specifications and ensuring accuracy and quality. Supply Warehouse Clerk and Administration U.S Marine Corps Reserves February 2013 to 2018 Maintain all military assets to ensure full accountability and readiness. Organize all paperwork involving  the issuing and returning of issued items is filled out fully and correctly; Ensure all personal effects  which may be turned into warehouse custody will handled with safe keeping and well-being. Receipt for all incoming supplies into automated system.    Motor Vehicle Operator Operated motor transport tactical wheeled vehicles and equipment, transporting passengers and cargo. Perform basic level maintenance and maintain all  associated tools and equipment for assigned vehicles and equipment.    Armed Security Guard  Secure front entrance to military base. Authorize entry only to designated personnel. Check IDs and all forms of identification to ensure personnel is allowed to enter the base. Inspect vehicles for any  contraband or suspicious items that may bring harm to others while on base. Report any suspicious  activity or possible threats to other security officers on base. Protect and defend the base, use lethal  force if necessary. INVENTORY TEAM LEAD U.S MARINE CORPS ACTIVE DUTY - Albany, GA July 2017 to October 2017 Oversight for all inventories within weapons warehouse.    Supervised a team of 20 Marines for daily inventories.  Assist base with inventory regeneration efforts from natural disaster. Tornadoes Albany, GA Jan 2017. Prepare crates for all weapons preparing to ship to multiple locations overseas. Managed and accounted for  $300M worth of assets (rockets, machine guns, missiles, automatic rifles, and grenade launchers.)  Transferred to Charleston SC through USMC due to demand for help with inventory and management  efforts for natural disaster relief. Hurricane Maria 2017. Education Guilford Technical Community College - Jamestown, NC August 2015 Skills Asset Management Military Service Branch: United States Marine Corps Rank: SGT