Sr. Information Security Analyst - Security, Compliance and Risk Assurance Sr. Information <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> - <span class="hl">Security</span>, Compliance and Risk Assurance Sr. Information Security Analyst - Security, Compliance and Risk Assurance Fort Worth, TX Risk, Response & Remediation  ? Identification and management of security risks ensuring compliance with PCI, SOX, GLBA and HIPAA regulatory mandates, standards and best practices within the realm of security logging, monitoring, alert management, incident handling, vulnerability and configuration management.  ? Design and implement controls and processes, risk mitigation techniques, and standardized information security solutions that will allow sensible management processes with a balance between risks and technical business operational functionality.    Compliance & Policy Management  ? Providing technical and operational input and expertise to management for all applicable security policies, standards, risk/threat models, procedures, and guidelines that will assist IT teams and Business Operations in integrating and maintaining security requirements within their networks, systems, applications and databases.  ? Ensuring published security standards, procedures, and guidelines are adhered to by conducting security assessments over the network and all resources attached to the infrastructure.    Research & Development  ? Providing technical and operational expertise to management and IT engineers, analysts, project managers, etc., contributing to the technical understanding and promotion of new and existing information security standards, solutions and tools; serving as a technical communication channel to business management.  ? Providing Research and Development, Subject Matter Expertise and Consulting support to the IT team and business units as needed.    Documentation, Reporting & Analytics  ? Implementing security metrics and statistics about business and IT environment, analyzing trends in security events and activities to better understand and mitigate risks and vulnerabilities, reporting security metrics and statistics to senior and executive management as well as other key business stakeholders.  ? Documenting and following-up on all security exceptions relating to IT and operational activities that could adversely impact security risks and/or not adhere to established policies, practices, standards, or procedures.    Operational Planning & Management  ? Performing technical security risk assessments and security exposure analysis of systems, networks, business applications and databases. Identify, document, and report security issues, incidents and concerns and follow-up on action items to resolve security exposures. Report on vulnerability findings and other security related gaps.  ? Managing the technical aspect of various audits, compliance assessments, etc., to ensure that all outstanding findings and gaps are resolved by the various technology and business units with approval and signing-off of final remediation, executed in close collaboration with Audit, Risk & Compliance. In addition, manage the day-to-day and end-to-end Security Incident Management and Responses includes notification processes, escalation of critical events and activities, following-up on security-related events and activities, ensuring correlation, analysis, reporting, remediation and closure.  ? Engineering and optimizing technical solutions and processes for monitoring the security health of the infrastructure (IDS/IPS, firewalls, servers, clients, applications, databases, spam tools, spy-ware tools, computer forensics tools, integrity checking tools, encryption key management tools, etc.), through regular logging, monitoring, scanning, response, investigation, closure review. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr. Information Security Analyst - Security, Compliance and Risk Assurance Atos June 2017 to July 2017 Project Cancelled) Sr. Information Security Analyst - Security, Compliance and Risk Assurance American Airlines July 2016 to April 2017 Contract Completed) Sabbatical /Extended Family Vacation January 2016 to November 2016 Information Security Analyst - Security and Compliance XTO Energy April 2015 to October 2015 Contract Completed) Information Security Analyst - Global Security Services McAfee August 2013 to April 2015 Contract Completed) Enterprise Systems Security IT Analyst Bell Helicopter Textron November 2012 to March 2013 Sequester, RIF) Enterprise Systems IT Analyst Isis Mobile Commerce August 2012 to October 2012 Contract Completed) Independent Security and Network Consultant Self Employed March 2011 to August 2012 Full Time Employee Emdeon Healthcare Services March 2010 to August 2011 Senior Data Security Analyst IV (Company Acquired, Position Outsourced - RIF) Education Richland High School - North Richland Hills, TX 1979 Texas A&M - Galveston, TX Skills SECURITY (10+ years), AUDIT (10+ years), BSD (10+ years), ESM (10+ years), GLBA (5 years), Information Security (10+ years), PCI (10+ years) Additional Information Competencies:    ? ITIL Foundation v3 Service Delivery    ? Governance, Risk and Compliance    ? Sun Solaris 2.6-2.8 Security, Engineering and Administration Certification, Experience with Sun Solaris 2.10    ? Linux and BSD Security, Engineering and Administration    ? ArcSight ESM Implementation, Engineering and Administration    ? Oracle Identity Management Engineering, Implementation and Administration    ? Symantec Certification SEIM Control and Compliance    ? PCI-DSS, GLBA, SOX, HIPPA, State and Federal Bank Regulatory Examination/Audit Requirements  ISO17799, ISO2700x, NIST800-53