Manager of Security and Compliance Manager of <span class="hl">Security</span> and Compliance Information Security Engineer Waltham, MA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Manager of Security and Compliance DEERWALK INC December 2018 to June 2019 • Facilitated the creation, development and implementation of an enterprise risk management practice.  • Provided reports and presentations to the security committee, senior management and executive committee.  • Worked under senior leadership to manage, conduct and coordinate strategic risk assessments and certified self-assessments ensuring full compliance.  • Relied heavily on information technology expertise in order to understand the risks of new technology, as well as new business vendors and partnerships.  • Created an effective and secure environment and implemented the preventions for critical security breaches. Manager of IT and Security DEERWALK INC January 2017 to November 2018 • Oversaw team of 4 information technology professionals delivering exceptional, comprehensive security efforts in endpoint, and data security, incident management, vulnerability management, and identity management.  • Triaged Security events, lead the resolution process, and documented the situation for future security policies.  • Carried out SOC II (Service Organization Controls) - Type II external audit  • Developed and implemented security controls including policies and procedures based on those controls, giving an aid to the security of the organization.  • Implemented a SIEM and handled day to day log monitoring using the SIEM (AlienVault)  • Conducted internal HIPAA (Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act) audit and reported the results to executive committee.  • Planned and implemented security measures and various up to date IT infrastructures.  • Planned for and carried out internal vulnerability assessment and network penetration test  • Performed third party Vendor Risk Assessment.  • Answered Security Risk Assessment Questionnaires and RFPs from clients  • Implemented and managed Firewall.  • Provided information security trainings to all the employees. IT Security Engineer DEERWALK INC October 2015 to December 2016 • Worked as First person of contact for Incident Response  • AWS Security - Oversaw overall security of the organizations production AWS infrastructure including IAM, S3 Bucket Security and EC2 security using Security groups and NACLs.  • Scripted automatic Hadoop and ES clusters deployment using spot instances in AWS.  • Automated the manual cluster administration tasks.  • Researched and implemented upgrades to the infrastructure for handling bigger data sizes.  • Guided and trained a team offshore in newly adopted technologies.  • Worked closely with higher-level stakeholders of the organization to improve current processes in the company's Production Environment so as to make it more efficient and secure.  • Collaborated with the members of security committee in developing robust security policy and ensuring its proper implementation throughout the organization.  • Project lead in organization's SOC (Service Organization Controls) Type I audit. Software Engineer DEERWALK INC April 2014 to September 2015 Promoted from Associate Software Engineer position managing more Hadoop and Elasticsearch clusters and effectively evaluating and selecting new technologies.  • Successfully led and mentored a team of Engineers responsible for data processing, monitoring of processes, log analysis and technical support for demand clusters.  • Created the procedures and the architecture for automated installation and configuration of Hadoop and Elasticsearch on in-demand clusters for up to 100 nodes per cluster.  • Collaborated with developers for Production/QA software deployment and configuration in each cluster.  • Improved the management of systems upgrades for all existing (transient and production) Hadoop and Elasticsearch clusters (Linux boxes).  • Ensured the security of production and transient clusters by providing technical assistance from configuration to monitoring deployments. Associate Software Engineer DEERWALK INC April 2013 to March 2014 Elevated to contribute to the management of Hadoop and Elasticsearch administration after contributing to the implementation of ETL processes.  • Identified, installed and configured better servers to manage the company's Hadoop and Elasticsearch administration.  • Ensured new servers achieved enhanced systems security and efficiency.  • Effectively oversaw data processing tasks using python scripts.  • Contributed to the development and execution of system and disaster recovery processes.  • Worked in securing the production environment. Systems Analyst / System Administrator NEPZILLA SOLUTIONS PVT. LTD - Kathmandu, NP January 2011 to March 2013 Drove the improvement of systems and development requirements stemming from strategic requirements analysis and recommendation.  • Ensured client satisfaction with technical systems by effectively managing web and MySQL database servers (CentOS) for hosting Websites and apps.  • Strengthened the company's digital presence by securely developing enhanced websites and apps.  • Communicated with clients directly in order to gather software requirements and to recommend available technologies that best suited to fulfill client's needs.  • Analyzed the requirements to produce a sensible software requirement document maintaining client satisfaction.  • Overall security of the organization including servers and physical environment.  • Oversaw Penetration testing and risk mitigation. Education Bachelor's in Computer Science - Information Security Western Governors University - Utah April 2017 to Present Skills NETWORK SECURITY, SECURITY, WEB SERVICES, IDENTITY MANAGEMENT, AMAZON WEB SERVICES, PYTHON, SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT, BASH, SECURITY ENGINEERING, RISK MANAGEMENT, COMPLIANCE MANAGEMENT, OPERATIONS, ARCHITECTURE Certifications/Licenses CEH May 2012 to December 2021 ECC39823291426 Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) May 2018 to May 2021 878377 Additional Information CORE COMPETENCIES    Access Management ? Risk Management ? Asset Security ? Identity Management  Communications Security ? Network Security ? Security Assessment ? Endpoint Security  Security Engineering ? Security Management ? Security Operations ? Security Testing  Security Controls, Policies and Procedures ? Software Development Security  AWS (Amazon Web Services) architecture and security ? Compliance Management  Python, Bash ? Task Automation