Cyber Security Analyst Cyber <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Cyber Security Analyst - CMS VDC Account Kansas City, MO Dedicated IT CyberSecurity professional with over 30+ years of information security and audit compliance experience. Provided excellent work products to customers by paying attention to quality and details, added value to the customer's workflow by solving complex technological problems and providing innovative solutions, and maintained excellent working relationships with customers, IT management, peers and stakeholders.    Over 20 years of experience in government IT (DOE, USDA and Medicare) and Information Security practices. Master's Degree in Computer Resource and Information Management.    Over past 15 years performed several roles: Cyber Security Analysis and Response Professional, Team Lead, Technical Writer, Training Specialist and Business Analyst.    Developed training materials for users of IT systems, documented IT processes and procedures, created newsletters, developed business requirements and developed and communicated presentations on complex technology ideas and information to all levels of audiences. Work Experience Cyber Security Analyst Perspecta - CMS VDC Account - Kansas City, MO January 2017 to Present • Act as Audit Lead to coordinate and track audit activities for CMS third-party audits: A-123, CFO, CMS SCA, CMS ACT, FISMA for both VDC Infrastructure audit and Application audits.      • Performs security reviews and updates of CFACTS deliverables: System Security Plan (SSP), Information System (IS) Risk Assessment (RA), Privacy Impact Analysis (PIA) and Security Impact Analysis (SIA);  • Manages, tracks and performs weekly/monthly updates to CFACTS Plan of Action & Milestones (POA&Ms)    • Performs compliance reviews to include daily security event logs reviews, follow-ups & investigates of suspicious activity and performs special privileged reviews  • Knowledgeable in customer security requirements, CMS ARS 3.1, which is based on NIST 800-53 standard and knowledgeable in other Federal security policies and standards such as Federal Information Security Management Act (FISMA), Federal Information System Controls Audit Manual (FISCAM) and National Institute for Standards and Technology (NIST) standards.   • Assist SSO and CMS ISSO with documenting business justifications for Risk Acceptance / Deviations / Exceptions.  • Assists SSO and management team with generating reporting for Background Investigation (BI) and Onboarding / Offboarding of employees and contractor’s security access.   • Collaborates effectively with customer, Security Administrators, System Administrators, Operations teams, Application development teams and Management team to address and resolve security risks by developing Corrective Action Plans (CAPs) to remediate vulnerabilities and audit findings.  • Participates in security audit comp internal and external certification and audit events, including management response, and remediation activities and prepares assessment summary reports.   • Create weekly customer Audit Dashboard reports.  • Maintains and updates audit compliance team procedures and work instructions. Business Analyst HPE / DXC - Kansas City, MO 2015 to 2017 • National Appraisal Tracking System (NATS) Project – Developed documentation artifacts based on SDLC Development Phase: Requirements & Analysis, High Level Design, Detailed Design.  • Developed and documented Business System Application requirements using the System.  • Development Life Cycle (SDLC) guidelines for NATS, National Appraisal Tracking System.  • Project lead for CMMI Level 5 Plan Re-baseline project plans.  • Updated customer technical user guides.  • SharePoint Database Administrator for Database Management Office (DBMO).  • Status reporting for team projects using Remedy system. Senior IT Specialist HP - Kansas City, MO 2009 to 2014 • Customer Liaison for the development of Security Plan for FSA USDA Information Security Office.  • Customer Liaison for the development of SharePoint site   • Interpreted policy and procedural controls covering physical security, application and data security, system software security, contingency planning, and compliance for Security Plan development.  • Act as Team Lead to coordinate and track changes to Operations Reports directed by the Change Control Board (COB)   • Distributed work to team members.  • Developed and conducted quality check controls for customer deliverables.  • Managed and allocated resources against workload.  • Backup Manager for HP Project Manager  • Estimated project cost and duration.  • Reengineered Information Security Office Support processes.  • Acted as DBA for Access Database Information Security Office Help Desk Ticket Logging System (including reporting, database enhancements and adhoc queries)  • Provided team and individual team member recognition.  • Developed, executed and maintained MS Project Plans.  • Documented System/Application process flows.  • Developed, adapted and distributed security procedures according to knowledge level of audience.  • Provisioned and removed system security privileged accesses.   • Reviewed and developed systems security policy, guidelines, and procedures for multiple applications Education Master of Arts in Computer Resource and Information Management in Computer Resource and Information Management Webster University Bachelor of Science in Business Administration in Computer Information Systems Central Missouri State University Skills Information Security, Nist, Cybersecurity, It Security