Information Security Analyst I Information <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> I Information Security Analyst I - University Hospital Ashland, OH Army veteran, and Information technology professional looking to find a position that is both challenging, and allows me to grow my skills and experience. Current skills include setting up and maintaining IT infrastructure, Cyber security tools and techniques, and systems/ network administration. I am interested in gaining more experience in scripting and development, as well as furthering my skills in cyber security. Work Experience Information Security Analyst I University Hospital 2018 to Present Worked in a SOC, responsible for endpoint and security protection, vulnerability management and reporting, phishing incident and response, threat hunting, A/V and malware analysis, and training. System Administrator Technology Now 2017 to 2018 Responsible for 7 remote locations, administered Widows and SQL server, DHCP, DNS, Domain Controller, and other core servers. Handled tickets via Spiceworks. Was responsible for OS maintenance, backups and recovery, firewalls, and anti-virus. Desktop Support Admin II Samaritan Hospital 2016 to 2017 In a clinical setting, was responsible for tier 2 tickets, and maintaining hardware and software application throughout the hospital. IT Specialist Brethren Care Village 2013 to 2016 Working with a small team, maintained all aspects of IT infrastructure within a large retirement community. Utilized cyber security and system administration tools. Set up and maintained new VoIP system. Combat Engineer United States Army 2002 to 2005 Conducted combat engineer operations in a variety of environments. Implemented calculations to implement specific needs for demolition processes. Education B.S. in Information Technology Herzing University 2015 to 2018 Skills QUALYS, SIEM, CISCO, NETWORK ADMINISTRATION, VIRTUALIZATION, CYBER SECURITY, LOGGING Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/michael-watkins1983