Information Systems Security Manager/Officer Information Systems <span class="hl">Security</span> Manager/Officer Information Systems Security Manager/Officer - Pratt & Whitney, Security Clearance: Top Secret South Windsor, CT Security Clearance: Top Secret  Extraordinary ability to perform detailed security and statistical analysis. Proficient in all Microsoft applications and statistical software packages. Capable communicator with strong public speaking skills. Strong problem-solving abilities. Excellent management and interpersonal skills. Ability to multi-task and work under tight deadlines. Independent thinker and team player. Self-motivated and skilled at motivating others. Significant conflict management skills. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Information Systems Security Manager/Officer Pratt & Whitney - East Hartford, CT December 2016 to Present • Interpreted, analyzed, and reported all events and anomalies in accordance with Computer Network Directives, including initiating, responding, and reporting discovered events.  • Triaged SIEM alerts to determine False Positive, Incident, or Technology Misconfiguration  • Ensured security logs are generated, collected, correlated, and monitored.  • Performed configuration change management and information system vulnerability scanning in accordance with policies and procedures.  • Developed and updated the appropriate system documentation artifacts under the Risk Management Framework (RMF).  • Acted as Subject Matter Experts for analysis functions, providing support on more involved cases and guiding the activity of other analysts through collaboration act as the lead coordinator  • Developed Data Dictionaries on Splunk for log sources to confirm which fields and values are needed or useful for Security Monitoring  • Collected analyses and enriches event information and perform threat or target analysis duties.  • Ensure that software is patched and Anti-Virus (AV) is up to date with latest versions  · Perform weekly scans with latest STIGS/SCAP tools to ensure systems are harden to security standard IT Security Analyst UTC Aerospace & ISR Systems - Danbury, CT May 2016 to December 2016 • Oversee hardware infrastructure and keep updates with latest technology  • Identified and evaluated potential threats and vulnerabilities  • Handled company compliance with NIST 800-171 & NIST 800-53  • Reviewed security logs and provided in depth reports weekly (SIEM)  • Implanted new virtual desktop systems for virtual desktop access  • Ensure that software is patched and able to protect from threats Information Security Analyst AETNA - Hartford, CT June 2015 to May 2016 • Conducted security risk assessments on new applications and/or business processes in order to efficiently manage identity and system accessibility across Aetna's platform.  • Provided access level metrics to upper management in order to evaluate the operational status and progress of company-wide systems.  • Generated internal and external auditor reports in order to improve information access capabilities across Aetna.  • Contributed to the development of additional functionality and features related to Global Information Security systems.  • Identified and removed dated applications/programs in order to ensure the accuracy of underlying security data.  • Monitored and confirmed the authorization levels of thousands of company-wide applications and programs.  • Designed and establish a SharePoint application to support the data needs for company applications/programs Education Master's in Cyber Security University of Maryland University College - Adelphi, MD April 2018 Business, Computers, Cyber Security Central Connecticut State University - New Britain, CT May 2017 Awards Pratt & Whitney Employee of the Month 2018-07 Certifications/Licenses EC Council Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH) Present CompTIA Security+ Present