Security Provisioning Analyst <span class="hl">Security</span> Provisioning <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Security Provisioning Analyst - NTT DATA Dallas, TX • 4 Years of Computer Networking  • Various roles including:  ? Helpdesk  ? End User Support (Travel)  ? ADAM  ? eTenet    Experienced network administrator dedicated to providing high quality services and positive results. Well versed in workflow analysis and redesign in both ambulatory and acute care settings. Proven ability to leverage technology to achieve organizational objectives. Innovative problem solver whose areas of expertise include Revenue Cycle operations, software integration, regulatory compliance, interoperability, standardization and optimization. Looking for a Travel IT & or entry level Infosec\QA position.    Application Experience    • Active Directory  • Remote Desktop Connection  • MS4  • ADAMWeb  • Zendesk    • eID  • Remedy  • eClinical Works  • Service Now  • HP Service Manager Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Security Provisioning Analyst NTT DATA - Plano, TX 2019 to Present Primary Responsibilities:  • Adding & Deleting Accounts and Profiles in Active Directory  • Adding EID tickets for adding\deleting access to folders/Groups  • Adding users to the ADAM website with the right functions and security  • Completing tickets in OPAZ/ Remedy  • Adding security to folder and Groups in Active Directory  • Creating Groups for Hospital Staff End User Support Specialist GuideIT LLC - Plano, TX March 2018 to Present Position/Title: L2 End User Support Specialists (Travel)  Primary Responsibilities:  • Identifying, diagnosing, and resolving the level one issues in computer hardware and software in a mainframe systems such as laptops and PCs  • Installing and upgrading hardware and software and providing complete assistance while configuring  hardware, software, and peripherals of the end user systems  • Providing general desktop support, project coordination, imaging/ re-imaging PCs, and laptops  • Providing one on one assistance to the end user regarding the technical flaw, either by phone, mails,  or in person  • Resolving network related issues like local area connection problem, network access, mails, internet,  dial-ins, etc.  • Coordinating with the third party service provider for timely repair of the system under the maintenance agreement warranty, and repairing minor flaws in hardware if not covered under the  same  • Providing assistance in installation of other peripherals like printers, scanners, etc., cabling systems like local area network cables, network interface cards, wired switches, etc.    • Assisting end users face to face with any level 1 issues (break fix, software, 3rd party) IT Administrator Service First Mortgage 2017 to 2018 Primary Responsibilities:  • Assisting end users face to face with any level 1 issues (break fix, software, 3rd party)    • Responsible for the on-boarding and off boarding of clients (AD, O365)  • Make sure tickets were open & resolved in a timely manner  • Conduct network troubleshooting to segregate and identify general network problems (Ethernet,  VPN, Wifi, Hotspot)  • Manage, maintain and update onsite and customer site copiers, printers and fax machines.  • Maintain all local software and hardware licensing to ensure conformance.  • Support in workflow evaluation and improvement.  • Install software, maintain and introduce training as needed.  • Maintain and secure passwords, file system security and data integrity for desktop environment.  • Maintain and update documentation of procedures and configurations.  • Manage entire purchase of inventory related to hardware, software and other IT supplies.  • Responsible for creating knowledge base for other IT users  • Basic understanding of the Microsoft Office Suite 2003-2016, O365  • How to create an enterprise outlook profile Helpdesk Technician (L1 Phone Support) Exelon - Irving, TX 2015 to 2016 Primary Responsibilities:  •Provide excellent services through phone and email to IT users for basic end user related hardware's  and software's, desktop related LAN network systems on the phone  •Configuration and resetting the network access accounts whenever required.  •Installation of new hardware's and software's.  •Processing software's and hardware's by coordinating user setups, installations and upgrades.  •Provide training to end users.  HP Service Manager  Android / iOS troubleshooting  Active Directory  o Understanding domains Education Associate in Cyber Security in Network & System security Richland College - Richardson, TX January 2018 to December 2019 Associate in Arts Cedar Valley College - Lancaster, TX Skills Active Directory, Microsoft Office, security, testing, Quickbooks, Organizational Skills, Excel Certifications/Licenses CompTIA Security+ January 2017 to Present CompTIA Network+ April 2016 to Present