PC Technician II PC Technician II PC Technician II Dallas, TX • IT professional with 5+ years' experience in Support, Networking and Security.  • Strong knowledge in hardware and software Support, networking, and end user computer security.  • Completed projects for the Setup and Deployment of bulk quantities of hardware and software for entire company departments.  • Performed L2 support for more than 3000 users as well as Coordinated and Setup new hires and replacement devices for company employees  • Network and Security: Routing and switching, TCP/IP, ACLs, VPNs, Personal firewalls, DDOS Mitigation, Access and Identity management.  • Software: Office 365, Citrix, Remedy, HPSM, Zen Desk, Active Directory, Windows OS, MAC OS, WebEx, SharePoint, MDM, Service Now.  • Soft skills: Technical communication (verbal and written), training, management, software and hardware technical support Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience PC Technician II Subaru of America - Camden, NJ March 2019 to June 2019 • Break/fix Level 2 support: Provided assistance to the helpdesk for escalated issues  • Uplifts: Upgraded over 200 employees Windows 10 version using SCCM  • Enhancements: Upgraded all hardware for over 100 call center employees and resolved all related issues  • Imaging: Imaged and deployed computers per specification for over 300 employees  • Asset Tagging and inventory management  • Resolved specialized issues by working with the required teams and ensuring the employee is back to work in record time Service Desk Analyst American Water - Camden, NJ October 2017 to March 2019 • Provided support for the network team by monitoring solar winds, troubleshooting and documenting down times, system failures and liaising with the network team to get said issues resolved.  • Resolved open and proprietary software and cloud issues for employees, performed active directory operations; password resets, SCCM software pushes.  • Installed and maintained mobile device management software using apple device management and Microsoft Azure.  • Monitored and analyzed physical security via cameras, cyber keys, card readers and security panels.  • Maintained host/end user security by handling de-encryption requests.  • Resolved VPN and user remote access connection issues. Updated digital certificates to resolve SSO issues. Customer security assurance tech Comcast - Cherry Hill, NJ July 2017 to October 2017 Customer Security Assurance II    • Provided second tier customer support for all security related issues, especially securing client networks properly.  • Monitored and enforced company acceptable voice use policy with customers.  • Enforced digital rights and protection of intellectual property by enforcing DMCA (Digital Millennium Copyright Act) laws.  • Established credibility quickly with customers by following up and with support teams by taking initiative for solving higher level problems.  • Helped setup customers' security by implementing personal firewalls, VPNs, anti-malware, anti-virus and translated tech vocabulary for non-technical customers. IT Support Specialist MassMutual Financial Services Group - Phoenix, AZ August 2016 to January 2017 • Worked with members of other teams to ensure the easy transition of MetLife employees to the Mass Mutual network.  • Walked clients through troubleshooting their hardware devices over the phone and resolving their software issues by remote connection to their computers.  • Updated the company I.T. knowledge base with new problems and solutions, followed up with clients and made sure their issues were fully resolved or escalated to the right persons or support teams. Technical Support Engineer CR Services Credit Bureau - Lagos, NG July 2015 to December 2015 • Uploaded subscribers' data to MySQL database and ran scripts for data extraction.  • Developed testing scenarios for new version of company software and logged bugs and other issues.  • First mail resolution and logging of subscriber complaints using Zen Desk CRM software.  • Resolution of in-house issues including resolving printer issues, installing anti-virus software, resolving network issues, planning and deploying Office 365 for company staff.  • Organized meetings with subscribers to improve data format and accuracy. NOC Technician / IT Support Multi-Links Telecommunications Ltd - Lagos, NG June 2014 to July 2015 • Monitored SDH/DWDM network sites and links.  • Provided remote customer support for resolving link downtimes.  • Provided first line analytical thinking to determine probable cause of failure.  • Ensured 3rd party escalations were treated and closed.  • Managed new accounts, managed employee account privileges and access groups on Microsoft Active Directory (2008) and Sage 50 Quantum accounting software.  • Developed and carried out user acceptance testing for cloud billing software and self-serve website.  • Managed server scripts for recharge cards activation and tracking.  • Managed the vendors, software specifications and process for departments transfer from SAP to Sage 50 Quantum ERP software. Education B.ENG in Electrical/Electronic Engineering University of Port - Port-Harcourt 2005 to 2010 Certifications/Licenses CCNA April 2018 to April 2021 Assessments Technical Support — Expert July 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to apply protocols to identify errors and solutions in order to maintain system function. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/fl2idyfmmh-htcro Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.