Security Guard <span class="hl">Security</span> Guard Commercial Truck Driver Indianapolis, IN A career professional with supervisory experience. Seeking a well-established company with opportunities for a rewarding career and that is suitable to my educational goals and family responsibilities. Work Experience Security Guard Avert Security June 2018 to Present • Patrolling of properties under the protection of Avert Security Services.  • Writing of reports for security logs. Chief Engineer JQLM Radio January 2018 to Present • Maintaining all IT and sound related equipment for live recordings.  • Recording live radio shows.  • Maintaining archived shows for replays.  • Setting up equipment for live remote recordings.  • Training and supervision of engineers on use of recording equipment.  • Troubleshooting all IT related issues. Aimbridge Hospitality March 2018 to May 2018 Maintenance  • Cleaning of pool and hot tub.  • Replacing of light bulbs in rooms and hallways.  • Replacing of room door locks.  • Cleaning of hotel grounds.  • Repairing of hotel property. Chief Engineer JHM Radio November 2016 to January 2018 • Maintaining all IT and sound related equipment for live recordings.  • Recording live radio shows.  • Maintaining archived shows for replays.  • Setting up equipment for live remote recordings.  • Training and supervision of engineers on use of recording equipment.  • Troubleshooting all IT related issues. Front Door Security Bouncer The Casba May 2017 to November 2017 • Checking ID's for age requirements.  • Patrol the dance area to insure the safety of all customers.  • Patrol outside of the club for any and all safety hazards.  • Maintain club dress code and standards. It specialist Modis IT Staffing August 2016 to November 2016 • Assisting in the creation of a developmental position for Eli Lilly buildings IT departments.  • Imaging and configuration of Eli Lilly distributed laptops and hard drives.  • Wiping of used hard drives from previous Eli Lilly employees laptops.  • Stocking and inventory for Eli Lilly IT department.  • Use of Service Now ticketing system. Amazon Fulfillment Center Indy2 2016 to 2016 Packing  • Use of UPC scanner to scan items and boxes  • Occasionally rebooting scanning computers  • Sorting of packages according to shipping labels. Service Desk Analyst Bell Techlogix 2015 to 2015 • Managing security permissions in active directory  • Unlocking and resetting passwords via active directory  • Use of ticketing systems including Remedy and Remedy Force  • Troubleshooting of basic computer issues  • Use of phone systems to answer and transfer calls Security Officer Deep Blue Security 2014 to 2014 • Unlocking driver doors before semi drivers are allowed on property.  • Screening of employees with metal detectors.  • Creating ID's for employees. Premises Technician AT&T 2012 to 2012 • Wiring, installation, and repair of AT&T's digital media product.  • Up-selling of AT&T products.  • Creating wired and wireless topologies for internet services  • Trouble shooting and repair of AT&T's wireless and wired internet, phone line, and television services Trillium Staffing - Lafayette, IN 2010 to 2010 Dry Van Driver E.L.F. Enterprises 2008 to 2008 • Operated a semi tractor trailer in Indiana, Michigan, Illinois, and Kentucky.  • Coordinated load/unload times and recorded movement sheets and billing for cargo.  • Utilized time management skills in order to maintain an effective work schedule. Delivery Driver 2008 to 2008 • Transported 7-Up products to various vendors throughout Indiana.  • Maintained product inventory in various grocery stores.  • Managed delivery route for various vendors throughout the state. Company Driver Werner Enterprises 2006 to 2006 • Delivered cargo from shippers to distributors throughout the Mid-West, the North-East, and Canada.  • Utilized paper and electronic logs and charted fuel stops and driving routes.  • Managed weight distribution standards for interstate travel.  • Operating semi tractor trailer to deliver weighted cargo. Education Certificate in Commercial Truck Driving Truck Drivers Institute - Whitestown, IN July 2019 to Present Information Technology Training Ivy Tech Community College - Indianapolis, IN 2014 to 2015 Skills SECURITY (10+ years), NETWORKING, IMAGING (1 year), WIRELESS NETWORK (2 years), Report Writing (7 years), Supervising (6 years), Forklift Operator (9 years), Excel, Time Management, Receptionist, Word, Microsoft Word Certifications/Licenses DOT Medical Card Additional Information Technical Skills:  Excel Spreadsheets Troubleshooting and Interacting with customers Forklift training  Networking Creating a wired/wireless network Supervisory Experience  Customer Service Maintenance Experiance IT Networking  Print Server Security protocols VLAN  Imaging Order Picking Loading/Unloding of trialers