Founder, CEO Founder, CEO Founder, CEO - Elite Digital Marketing Philadelphia, PA Work Experience Founder, CEO Elite Digital Marketing - Philadelphia, PA April 2018 to Present Conduct business and customer research to develop and execute key growth strategies through digital marketing services  ? Digital marketing services to include Facebook advertising, messenger marketing, Facebook/Instagram account  management/content creation and growth, Google SEO execution and strategy (alongside my specialized business partner), and website creation/development  ? Expertise in lead generation and cultivation of client relationships  ? Communication with clients and generation of monthly results to steer successful business growth  ? Team training, development and management Information Security Analyst Monitor June 2017 to June 2019 identify, investigate and deter computer and network intrusions  ? Analyze, respond, and mitigate SIEM, IDS, and IPS incidents  ? Research and maintain proficiency in tools, techniques, countermeasures, and trends in computer and network vulnerabilities, data  hiding and encryption Co-Founder/Partner RestaurantMedia - Reading December 2018 to May 2019 Develop and grow the restaurant/hospitality agency from about 2 clients to 10+ clients, from about $1.5K to $5K+ in monthly  retainers  ? Manage "The Hungry Podcast" to create client relationships and share restaurant knowledge    ? Create and execute custom marketing strategies for restaurants via Facebook ads and Manychat  ? Grow, train, and manage a team of outreachers for client acquisition    Sungard Availability Services, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania IT Repair Technician Ancora Psychiatric Hospital - Hammonton, NJ September 2016 to May 2017 Deploy 200+ new desktops and hardware/software throughout the hospital campus  ? Attend training for health compliance (HIPPA) and industry-specific knowledge Education Bachelor of Science in Management Information Systems Rowan University - Glassboro, NJ May 2017