IT Support Analyst Tier III <span class="hl">IT</span> Support <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Tier III IT Support Analyst Tier III - Walter Reed National Medical Center Gaithersburg, MD My name is Raphael Clement with over 5 years’ experience as a subject matter expert in technical support service and information security. I currently work as an IT support analyst where I provide security information management for DISA information systems and networks. I oversee authorization and allocation of over $75 million dollars in assets while maintaining system integrity. I also provide security awareness training for well-meaning employees to stop unintentional cyber-attacks. I also install and update security software such as McAfee antivirus which we also use to scan for vulnerabilities and threats against our network. I’m currently enrolled in CRISC and NIST RMF courses to identify and reduce risk in DOD enterprise information systems. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Support Analyst Tier III Walter Reed National Medical Center April 2018 to Present Direct staff in support of IT infrastructure to include approximately 12,000 devices spanning Walter Reed National Medical Center, Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences and Naval Support Activity Bethesda. Provide CYBERSECURITY MANAGEMENT entrusted with managing permissions based upon agency through Active Directory. Run group policy updates to enforce compliance with established protocols. Manage user accounts at all levels of the organization, such as permitting access to designated shared drives containing sensitive information for each individual department upon request.  ? Active Directory account creation, management and allocation of both users and devices to Organizational Unit.  ? Knowledge of ALTHA/CHCS and Essentris functionalities & documentation procedures  ? Monitor LANDesk and Remedy ticketing queues, troubleshoot and resolve issues on desktop and laptop devices client-side or remotely.  ? Reimage devices and enforce device security compliance with Endpoint Symantec Encryption.  ? Provide support for VPN connectivity via Cisco Mobility Client verification.  ? Oversee authorization and allocation of COTS and GOTS to authorized staff  ? IT logistics and asset management support role assigned in the decommissioning and accountability of printers, laptops, desktops, and monitors. Critical Asset Armed Security Officer National Institute of Standards and Technology July 2015 to Present Monitors of LAN rooms for high temperatures & other issues to maintain operational systems  ? Manages a 16-person team to ensure the appropriate cleared personnel are granted access to and escorted within secure areas  ? Provides data center surveillance of Nuclear Reactor  ? Utilizes NAIS database to perform background checks to ensure individuals are cleared and have proper access to the facility  ? Monitors key entry and exit points and reports any suspicious actions  ? Performs and supervises regular facility patrols in accordance with mandated policies and procedures  ? Ensures site security and protects against unauthorized access to nuclear reactor and other physical assets on site  ? Responds to crisis and emergency situations in coordination with fire and police departments  ? Addresses all client queries with common courtesy and professionalism  ? Logs and reports all actual and potential safety hazards and intrusions promptly to NIST management  ? Removes unauthorized individuals from facility in a smooth and effective manner Education Montgomery College Gaithersburg High School Skills Authentication (Less than 1 year), Linux (Less than 1 year), Microsoft office (Less than 1 year), Ms office (Less than 1 year), Nist (4 years), Pki (Less than 1 year), Desktop Support, Help Desk, Active Directory, Service Desk, Tech Support Certifications/Licenses CompTIA Security+ June 2018 to June 2021 CompTIA Advanced Security Practitioner July 2018 to July 2021