IT Systems Administrator <span class="hl">IT</span> Systems Administrator IT Systems Administrator Chippewa Falls, WI Currently I work as an IT Systems Administrator. I am seeking new challenges, experiences and opportunities as I continue to advance my career within the Information Technology field. I am interested in a similar System Administrator or entry-level Information Security role. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Systems Administrator Indianhead Foodservice Distributor - Eau Claire, WI June 2018 to Present ? Administer and maintain approximately 150 company-owned desktop computers and laptops  ? Provide IT support for a wide range of problems, including hardware failure, network troubleshooting, printer connectivity and installation problems, and Microsoft Office 2010/2016/365 troubleshooting  ? Work within FortiGate 200D firewall to create policies, rules, and allow/block access to certain domains  ? Office 365 Administration; work within the Admin Portal, Exchange Admin Center, Security & Compliance  ? Extensive work within Active Directory (Server 2012/2016) and Group Policy Management  ? Maintain inventories containing system information for all systems in the company, update as necessary  ? Unpack, inventory, set up and deploy new Windows 10 Pro systems for employees  ? Provide consulting and hardware/software purchasing recommendations to IT Manager Security Officer/Maintenance and IT Help Desk TTM Technologies - Chippewa Falls, WI September 2013 to August 2016 ? Responsible for ensuring Front Desk was staffed for entire shift in the event an emergency occurred  ? Took IT and Maintenance Help Desk calls; responded to or escalated as necessary until the problems were resolved  ? Provided basic IT Help Desk support resetting passwords through a web interface and AS400  ? Responded to multiple alarms, including many which required emergency response  ? Trained other personnel in Front Desk and IT Help Desk responsibilities  ? Made periodic patrols throughout the building, outbuildings and all exteriors, ensuring the security of the buildings and property Desktop Support Analyst Netview, Inc - Eau Claire, WI February 2018 ? Responsible for the unpacking, inventory, staging and deployment of computers to be installed in place of users' current machines in call center environment.    ? Work with users to schedule an appropriate time for the deployment of their new machine.    ? Deploy new machine in place of old computer, including removing all cables from computer as well as computer itself. Make room for new machine, and re-cable new computer, and ensure it powers on and user can login.    ? Assist users with common issues and troubleshooting such as network connectivity, display configuration, and logon difficulties. Education Associates in Applied Science in IT-Network Specialist Chippewa Valley Technical College - Eau Claire, WI January 2016 to May 2018 Associates in Applied Science in Law Enforcement Chippewa Valley Technical College - Eau Claire, WI August 2011 to May 2018 Police Academy - Basic Recruit Chippewa Valley Technical College - Eau Claire, WI August 2012 to November 2012 Skills Active Directory (2 years), AS400 (2 years), Bash (2 years), Cisco (2 years), HTML (2 years), Help Desk (3 years), Desktop Support (3 years), Linux (10+ years), System Administrator (2 years), System Admin (2 years), Vmware, security, access Assessments Technical Support — Highly Proficient June 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to apply protocols to identify errors and solutions in order to maintain system function. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/kyziac0f9ktxqx0z Basic Computer Skills: PC — Expert June 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to perform basic computer operations, navigate a Windows OS, and troubleshoot common computer problems. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/knv4bwfqhvfxrula Email — Expert June 2019 Measures a candidate’s ability to effectively compose and organize email messages. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/qiatawi7vjy-618b Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information SKILLS AND CAPABILITIES  ? Systems: Microsoft Windows 7/8/10/Server 2008/12/16, Linux, Ubuntu Server, Unix, AS400, Cisco IOS  ? Languages: HTML, Bash scripting, basic Python scripting  ? Software: MS Office, Visio, PowerShell, Cisco Packet Tracer, Linux/Unix command lines  ? Basic understanding of Active Directory, Group Policy and SQL  ? Experience installing multiple operating systems and virtual machines, including Server 2012/2016 and Unix systems.   ? Hobbies: Android, Linux, developing, installing systems, troubleshooting problems; experimenting with computers and my home network