Sr. Consultant Sr. Consultant Sr. Consultant - FOCAL POINT DATA RISK Chicago, IL Work Experience Sr. Consultant FOCAL POINT DATA RISK - Chicago, IL August 2018 to Present * Provides assistance to clients with the testing of IT audit controls for various applications, databases, and operating systems to ensure SOX compliance and requirements for external audit.  * Facilitates the testing of multiple computer operations, change management and logical access controls including backup and recovery processes, batch-job processing, user access provisioning and de-provisioning, and change management processes for normal and emergency changes.  * Reviews and tests system parameters and settings to assess O/S (Unix) and Oracle security and performed analyses within Excel by comparing user access to databases (e.g. Active Directory) or applications (e.g. PeopleSoft).  * Executes audit procedures and performs testing of Information Technology General Controls (ITGCs) with a focus on assessing design effectiveness.  * Assists with internal initiatives by constructing compliance frameworks for the expansion of the firm. Consultant/Delivery Manager INFORMATION RESOURCES INC - Chicago, IL March 2018 to August 2018 Contractor)  * Generated and implemented project plans in support of change events with data, dimension, and model configuration.  * Collaborated with cross-functional partners to understand all project requirements and be the primary point of contact for project updates and support.  * Originated and led the implementation of key performance metrics associated with the efficiency and efficacy of client production, issue, and change management processes.  * Conducted investigations to identify root cause analyses for quality issues, and quickly implemented solutions. IT Auditor WINTRUST BANK - Rosemont, IL June 2016 to December 2017 * Performed walkthroughs of logical access, change management and computer operations; identified and documented risks that span all components from application to DB and operating systems layers.  * Executed audit procedures and perform testing of ITGC General Controls (ITGCs), with a focus on testing control design.  * Identified and communicated control deficiencies to Senior Management; monitored and validated the implementation of management's remediation plans.  * Troubleshot security and network problems and responded to all system and network security breaches.    * Led regular touchpoints with HR, Compliance, Risk Assessment, and key stakeholders to discuss assignment updates.  * Conducted remote and on-site audits, including physical security (observing who has access to the data center), Supplementary Operational Risk Assessment (SORA), and back-up recovery and disaster planning.  * Created business continuity excel sheet to document Business Continuity Plans (BCPs) for all the charters.  * Examined IT controls and operational effectiveness to determine exposure to risk, and develop remediation strategies. Information Security Analyst BMO HARRIS - Chicago, IL April 2016 to June 2016 Contractor)  * Delivered required access into the Archer database per request of BMO Harris to manage Business Managed Applications (BMA's) containing sensitive data  * Supported business owners and various staff with registration, error checking, and review of BMA's; assisted with day-to-day support to both internal and external clients on the BMA Governance framework.  * Ensured that segregation of duties with regards to roles, were properly administered.  * Updated the RSA Archer platform for the new User Interface of BMA's for 25+ global clients to comply with governmental regulatory mandates.  * Serviced clients by importing data from Archer into Excel spreadsheets for various client requests and projects.  * Updated SharePoint with necessary data for user security awareness education and advise on the input to improve and enhance the user experience.  * Developed comprehensive end-user training documents regarding new changes within the Archer platform. Risk Assessment Intern EL VALOR - Chicago, IL March 2015 to June 2015 * Conducted IT risk analysis to develop a risk register comprising security threats, vulnerabilities, sensitivities, and/or control issues; documented appropriate risk response activities.  * Reviewed the physical access security management guidelines; evaluating security files, conducting interviews, surveying area, and building perimeter.  * Developed a business impact analysis report and utilized case diagrams to document vulnerabilities and provided solutions to mitigate and remediate potential security threats.  * Operationalized the delivery of Information Security Reports for risk assessments, graphs, and business impact analysis to provide cost effective solutions to improve IT security. Education MS in Information Security and Compliance DEPAUL UNIVERSITY - Chicago, IL Skills Contractor, It Audit, SOX, Cobit Links http://linkedin.com/in/missclark