Network Designer Network Designer Network Designer Tulsa, OK Seeking a challenging position in an environment where I can utilize my skills and technical expertise. I am looking  to enhance the company's productivity and efficiency with my collegiate studies and experiences from my intern  position Work Experience Network Designer Century Link - Tulsa, OK June 2019 to June 2019 Continue)  • Building Adva R7 node insert designs, along with Cisco ASR920 designs.  • Design and maintain the topology of CenturyLink Network.  • Identifies, analyzes technologies and services with network transport technologies. Intern/Transport Planning Engineer Century Link - Tulsa, OK June 2018 to June 2019 • Perform data validation, grooming, harvesting and decommissioning of nodes within in DS0, DS1, DS3, STS1, OC3, OC48, and OC192 circuits.  • Decommissioning of multiple nodes from SONET/SDH rings which led to the contribution of 4million  dollars for 2018.  • Creating projects and consistently followed up to answer and make sure projects were completed in a timely manner. Projects included Decoms, Grooms, Site Surveys, Records changes, IMT decoms, card  swaps, SFP Optic adds, and Core Director installs.  • Used multiple software platforms to Create mock-ups for ring topologies of node insertions using Visio  • Utilize Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio to identify, export, and research data.  • Responsible for generating excel reports connected to SharePoint Designer to track projects and work in progress. IT Support Technician Muncie Power Products - Tulsa, OK January 2017 to May 2017 • Responsible for setting up and maintaining all IT equipment which includes desktop, laptops, tablets, printers, and mobile phones.  • Participated in testing, evaluating of hardware/software for upgrading and implementation of new  equipment.  • Established processes, and maintaining of a knowledge base to assist the IT department. Customer Advocate Health Care Service Corporation - Tulsa, OK April 2016 to November 2016 Researched complex issues across multiple databases and worked with support resources to resolve  customer issues and/or partner with others to resolve escalated issues.  • Provided education and status on previously submitted pre-authorizations or pre-determination requests. Help Desk Analyst I Adecco - Tulsa, OK August 2015 to October 2015 • Interact with clients on computer equipment, setup functions and IT processes.  • Performed regular system maintenance including windows update and anti-virus-related updates.  • Escalated issues to tier 2 support in a timely manner after documenting issue. Transportation Security Officer Transportation Security Administration - Tulsa, OK December 2013 to June 2015 • Conducted screening of passengers, baggage or cargo to ensure compliance with TSA regulations.  • Interact with the public giving directions and responding to inquiries.  • Identify and locate potentially life threatening or mass destruction devices in a stressful environment. Education Bachelor's in Computer Science Northeastern State University - Broken Arrow, OK January 2017 to May 2019 Associates in Science North Eastern State University May 2019 Associates in Applied Science in Information Technology Networking & Cloud Computing Tulsa Community College December 2016 Skills Sdh, Sonet, Microsoft sql server, Sql server, Sql, Customer Service Additional Information SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS  Skills: Teamwork, active listening, perseverance, written & oral communication, and creativity &  problem solving.    Technical: Software: SQL, HTML/CSS, Microsoft 365, SharePoint 2013, and Microsoft SQL Server  Management Studio.  Hardware: Optical Transport Network, Huawei equipment, Lucent DMX, Infinera DTN-X, and  SONET/SDH rings.