Cyber Security Analyst Cyber <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Cyber Security Analyst - DELOITTE Milltown, NJ Highly motivated and results oriented Cyber Security professional. Clear, concise communicator with strong analytic  and problem-solving skills. Experienced with maintenance of network security and cyber threat analysis. Work Experience Cyber Security Analyst DELOITTE - Camp Hill, PA June 2018 to Present Monitor and analyze cyber security threats in multiple client environments.  Extensive information analysis of various client-specific security tools to determine threat/risk in client environment.  Develop and update Standard Operation Procedures (SOP) for various client tools and client processes.  Handle client information with appropriate discretion.  Demonstrate excellent communication skills (verbal and written) when communicating with clients and management with varying technical background.  Communicate incident analysis findings and effective remediation recommendations to clients promptly.  Respond to security incidents and client requests in timely fashion in order to meet SLA.  Keep updated with the latest cyber threats and security incidents.  Operate in a 24/7 facility.  Create tuning requests to accurately tune out false positives. IT Telecommunications and Networks Student Technician NJIT - Newark, NJ September 2016 to January 2018 Performed additions, moves, and changes with work related to telephones and access points.  Installed and maintained Cisco VoIP system on campus.  Identified and implemented new procedures to help resolve user issues  Assisted in maintaining network switches.  Troubleshot network connections and resolved user's network issues University Advancement Caller February 2015 to May 2015 Handled transactions from alumni for the annual fund in order to consistently meet and surpass daily financial goals  Communicated with over 100 alumni per shift in a professional manner  Updated alumni demographics in NJIT database Education M.S. IT NEW JERSEY INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY - Newark, NJ May 2020 B.S. in Electrical Engineering NEW JERSEY INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY - Newark, NJ May 2018 Skills Security, System administration, Tcp, Tcp/ip, Sql Certifications/Licenses GIAC Certified Incident Handler (GCIH) June 2019