Cyber Security Analyst Intern Cyber <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Intern Lanham, MD Highly motivated junior level IT professional looking to gain the experience needed to pursue a career in cyber security. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Cyber Security Analyst Intern HTA Cyber - Rockville, MD October 2017 to December 2017 • Wrote reports based on relevant current events and issues relating to the healthcare industry.   • Participated in team meetings to discuss relevant topics.  • Met and networked with Cybersecurity professionals and professionals of other disciplines. Technical Consultant Sprint - Largo, MD August 2016 to October 2017 • Obtained Apple and Samsung training and certifications to be qualified to perform hardware related tasks and repairs on mobile devices.   • Performed the necessary troubleshooting steps to diagnose between network, software, hardware, and customer-inflicted issues.  • Aided customers with various account recoveries, email setup and the configuration of various settings.  • Performed device network activations based on the use of their corresponding ESN and ICCID numbers.  • Conducted inventory related back office tasks to ensure the store is policy compliant.  • Administered outstanding customer service and technical support towards customers resulting in the maintenance of a positive Net Promoter Score. Tier II IT Consultant (Temp) American Institutes for Research November 2015 to February 2016 • Supported the troubleshooting of network issues (IP configuration, bandwidth, DNS, etc.)  • Provided troubleshooting support of secure browsing testing environments.  • Used the 8x8 ticketing system to provide accurate and timely incident recording, updating, and problem resolution/escalation.  • Conducted various installations, troubleshooting, and updates to Windows and Linux machines.  • Interacted with approximately 15 external users per day to obtain and convey concise problem information in a professional manner by phone and email. Information Technology Student Intern Allegany County Government Office March 2015 to May 2015 • Used TeamViewer in order to remotely conduct multiple software installations and updates.  • Resolved technical issues by removal and installation of hard drives, network cards, video cards, and memory cards.  • Conducted hardware/software configuration, installation, troubleshooting, and support activities.  • Handled network and configuration tasks by using the command prompt for various tasks.  • Diagnosed system errors displayed on blue-screens of computers and laptops.  • Provided technical support in creating user profiles, setting passwords, and privileges.  • Provided system administrative support including configuring routers, printers, and scanners. Tier I IT Help Desk Technician Frostburg State University August 2014 to May 2015 • Provided outstanding technical support to a daily amount of approximately 30 inbound callers in response to their user account.  • Monitored and responded to service tickets and work requests in a timely manner.  • Successfully undertaking analysis, diagnosis and resolution of client problems via phone and online step-by-step assistance.  • Used the HEAT application to log-in calls, create and update work tickets.  • Provided Wi-Fi/Router configuration assistance to students, faculty and staff.  • Performed software installation (Microsoft Office, Anti-Virus/Malware Programs).  • Provided technical support in removing viruses from students and staff laptops and computers.  • Responsible for maintaining clean and organized computer labs and provided administrative functions which included refilling printers with paper and ink Education Master's of Professional Studies in Cybersecurity University of Maryland Baltimore County - Baltimore, MD January 2016 to December 2017 Bachelor's of Science in Information Technology Frostburg State University - Frostburg, MD August 2011 to May 2015 Certifications/Licenses Splunk Certified User Present Additional Information SKILLS and ABILITIES  Network: Active Directory, Remote Access, DHCP, DNS  Security: Backtrack/Kali, EnCase, FTK, Bro, Snort, Metasplotable, Armitage  Programming: PHP, Visual Basic, Java, HTML  Database: MYSQL  Operating Systems: Linux, Windows, MacOS/OSX  Application Software: Splunk, Virtual Box, AutoCAD, Wireshark, FileZlla, Microsoft Project  Ticketing Systems: Heat Ticket/Call Logging System, 8X8 Ticketing System