Tier I Operations Support Analyst Tier I Operations Support <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Knoxville, TN Work Experience Tier I Operations Support Analyst Cellular Sales - Knoxville, TN October 2018 to Present ••Managed identity needs and security groups through Active Directory  ••Worked with Powershell to make managing AD and Exchange more efficient.  ••Used ServiceNow daily in order to track and resolve tickets for users.  ••Worked with migration team moving 2000+ on premises mailboxes to O365 cloud environment. Help Desk I SAIC - Oak Ridge, TN April 2018 to October 2018 ••Providing technical support for employees of the Marathon Petroleum company.  ••Daily responsibilities include: Working with a ticketing system to report issues for end users, multi-tasking to resolve  existing tickets in a timely manner while still taking calls, interfacing with end users in order to resolve their issue in a satisfactory manner for them.  ••Gained familiarity with Active Directory, VPNs, Remote Desktops, and RSA Security Tokens. Security Technician (ADT) TekSystems - Knoxville, TN June 2017 to November 2017 ••Installed equipment in the field including cameras, alarms, and digital video recorders.  ••Interfaced with large corporation's IT department to ensure equipment is programmed and placed on line properly.  ••Communicated with home/business owners in order to get the job done in a manner that satisfies the customer's needs as well as their expectation of the company. Office Assistant Swafford Financial - Knoxville, TN January 2017 to June 2017 ••Provided assistance mass converting physical files to digital and storing them on their server.  ••Provided general support around office to lighten Tier II's workload. IT Support TekSystems - Knoxville, TN June 2016 to December 2016 ••Imaged ~200 computers and deployed them to 3 separate office locations.  ••Assisted users throughout entire deployment process by providing assistance with data migration/recovery, drive/printer  mapping, software activation/installation, and basic troubleshooting. Education High school or equivalent Additional Information SKILLS & INTERESTS  ••Skills: Effective Communication, Troubleshooting, Technical Writing, Priority Management, Conflict Resolution,  Adaptability  ••Interests: Building PCs, D&D, Reddit, Soccer, Backcountry Camping, Hiking