Cyber Security Engineer Cyber <span class="hl">Security</span> Engineer Cyber Security Engineer - U.S. Department of the Treasury Riverdale, MD I am a passionate and solutions-focused Cyber Security Analyst with over 4 years' experience in the Information system arena. Knowledgeable in Risk Management Framework (RMF), Systems Development Life Cycle (SDLC), and Vulnerabilities Management using FISMA, with in-depth understanding of numerous security tools. Professional certifications include CompTIA Security+ ce, CompTIA CySA+ ce, CompTIA Security Analytics Professional (CSAP) and CAP anticipated in September 2019.  WORK STATUS / SECURITY CLEARANCE  U.S. Citizen, U.S. Department of the Treasury Public Trust Clearance Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Cyber Security Engineer U.S. Department of the Treasury - Washington, DC January 2019 to Present • Perform vulnerability assessment, ensuring risks are assessed and appropriate actions are taken to mitigate or resolve each.  • Assists in the technical writing efforts in the CISO's office in accordance with organizational policies and goals.  • Creates detailed policies and standards that map directly to DFARS, NIST SP800-171, and the Cyber Security Framework requirements.  • Conduct IT controls risk assessments including reviewing organizational policies, standards and procedures, as well as providing advice on their adequacy, accuracy and compliance with industry standards.  • Ensure all Security Authorization documentation for assigned systems remains accurate and up to date on a continuous basis, including, but not limited to, accurate and valid lists of assets (hardware/software), accurate boundary diagrams, accurate ports and protocols, etc.  • Compile, write, update, finalize, produce, and support activities for IT Security Common Control Catalogs and related documentation including, but not limited to, Security Plans or other documents required.  • Compile, write, update, finalize, and produce all FISMA documentation and associated artifacts as required by Client in a manner compliant with all Federal security requirements and policies.  • Ascertain all FISMA documents are updated within 6 months of a new policy release.  • Manage the Interconnection Security Agreements for all systems, including creation, tracking, and vetting.    Top Group Technology, Largo MD October 2016 to December 2019  Cyber Security Analyst  • Conduct the IT Risk Assessment and documented key controls.  • Effectively transform traditional Certification and Accreditation (C&A) programs into a six-step life cycle process consisting, Categorization of information systems, Selection of security controls, Implementation of security controls, Assessment of security controls, Authorization of information systems, Monitoring of security controls  • Develop, review and evaluate Security Plan based on NIST Special Publications 800-18.  • Investigates possible security breaches identified through review of audit reports and Follow-up accordingly with departments / management Prepare and review C&A package for Information Systems.  • Assessed System Security Controls using SP 800-53A  • Develop POA&M (Plan of Action & Milestones) document to take corrective actions resulting from ST&E (System Test & Evaluation)  • Assess program and security controls using Organization IT Security Policy Handbook and NIST Special Publications to provide information necessary to determine their overall effectiveness.  • Perform Contingency Plan Test and Training to ensure systems recoverability as defined in IT systems security requirements. IT Security Analyst CITIBANK NA - Washington, DC September 2014 to October 2016 • Microsoft computing environment including Windows OS and Office applications  • Group Policies  • Antimalware management  • Vulnerability assessment and mitigation  • Security control management  • Perform vulnerability assessment, ensuring risks are assessed and appropriate actions are taken to mitigate or resolve each.  • Device/data encryption  • Cloud security and identity management Education Master of Science in Data Analytics in Data Analytics University of Maryland University College May 2020 Skills Cyber Security, Information Security, Siem, Information Assurance, Cybersecurity, It Security, Nist Certifications/Licenses CompTIA Security+ March 2019 to June 2022 Cysa+ June 2019 to June 2022