Supported the Office of Procurement Operations for the Department of Homeland Security Supported the Office of Procurement Operations for the Department of Homeland <span class="hl">Security</span> Senior Cost Analyst, Acquisition/Contract Analyst, Auditor, Financial Management Temple Hills, MD CORE COMPETENCIES    Highly experienced operations research analyst, cost accounting, acquisition/contracts administration, financial management specialist, and auditor supporting clients' grants, procurement and acquisition programs, internal controls, life cycle cost estimating, system development and implementation, strategic resource planning, and requirement analysis.    ? Has an extensive working knowledge of Federal Acquisition Regulations, laws and regulations in the Financial and Contracting\Acquisition domains. Supported the Source Selection Evaluation Boards, and cost estimation and negotiations of grants and contracts. Used cost modules of Oracle Financial Systems in accomplishing this capability.  ? Reviewed Cost as an Independent Variable (CAIV) process. Has technical experience in the conduct of gap analysis of the Enterprise Architecture (EA) from the "As Is" migration to the "To Be."  ? Instrumental working with agencies in the development and rewrite of policy related to procurement and acquisitions, economic and cost benefits analysis, budgeting and financial accounting and reporting, internal management controls, and auditing.  ? Conducted internal control reviews and audits of contractors and subcontractors, nonprofit organizations, state and local government entities, and program offices in accordance with applicable laws, regulations, industry standards, and prescribed generally accepted auditing standards (and procedures) issued by the AICPA, GAO, COSO, IIA, OMB Circulars and other authorities.  ? Strong background, knowledge and formal training and experience with IT cost modeling software such as SEER-SEM, Automated Cost Estimating-Integrated Tools (ACE- IT), Price System's True S, True Planning (Development), COCOMO II, and other software.  ? Proficient with Excel and Microsoft Office products to include MS Project, WordPerfect, and Lotus Office Suites Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Supported the Office of Procurement Operations for the Department of Homeland Security Contract Administration Support, Preferred Systems Solutions September 2014 to March 2015 September 2014-March 2015.  Supported the Office of Procurement Operations for the Department of Homeland Security. Senior Manager Integrated Finance & Accounting Solutions October 2013 to March 2014 As a subcontractor, supported the development of a cost model in the identification of cost drivers, cost allocation methodologies and cost sharing options for the Treasury Department Bureau of Fiscal Services use of Oracle Federal Financials. Provided recommendations for the accounting structure, cost sharing, cost accounting, and funds controls processes enhancements from the "As Is" to the "To Be" architectural configuration. Senior Consultant ALTA IT Services October 2012 to November 2012 As a subcontractor, provided subject matter expert support in cost analysis to the Federal Bureau of Investigation's Criminal Justice Information System CJIS) Initiatives. Senior Technical Operations, Consultant, Senior Cost Analyst, Senior Financial Analyst Anser-Analytic Services - Arlington, VA October 2009 to July 2012 Provided support on acquisition and procurement matters to the Pentagon Force Protection Agency. Assisted in revising the agency acquisition policy regulations, acquisition guide, and business process improvements integration with defense decision support systems. Provided cradle-to-grave support in achieving conformity with the FAR, DFARS, Defense Finance Accounting Service (DFAS) and the new DOD 5000 series requirements. Analyzed requirements and level of support with the WHS (select Oracle Modules) financial management program, contract work breakdown structure, cost and business case analyses. Identified the acquisition packages documentation requirements. Conducted required OMB Circular A-123 management control reviews for the acquisition function in accordance with the Office of Federal Procurement Policy (OFPP) guidance.    b. DoD Biometric Task Force. From October 2008 to September 2009.  Served as a subject matter expert providing resource planning, cost analysis and management control review support to the program office for DOD's Biometric Task Force. Performed gap analysis of the "As-Is" (status quo) capability to the "To-Be" configuration of the EA to identify discrepancies and the required funding resources for people, training, hardware\software platforms, mainframes, communications and other critical elements of the cost model life cycle. Evaluated current capabilities and future technologies in providing advice on costs, risks and benefits to senior management. Senior Technical Operations Analyst Anser-Analytic Services October 2008 to July 2012 Senior IT Cost/Scheduler Analyst Anser-Analytic Services October 2009 to November 2009 Responsible for performing complex cost and financial modeling to develop program and project cost models for the Federal Aviation Administration. Conducted cost, schedule, and risk analyses and prepare acquisition reports. Updated program life-cycle cost estimates and total ownership cost reports for planning, acquisition, deployment, and maintenance of enterprise and mission information services. Identified program cost estimate requirements and reconciled with budgetary data from FAA use of Oracle Financial System and its required Exhibit 300 of A-11 submission. Senior Cost Accountant, Premier Consulting Consulting Services 2006 to 2008 September 2008.  Worked as a subject matter expert conducting contract pricing and cost analysis of contractors and grantors proposals to the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) Program Support Service (PSC). Supported the contracting (or grant) officer's Source Selection Evaluation Board (SSEB) procurement functions by reviewing and opining whether the proposed cost estimates were prepared in accordance with the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR)and the generally accepted accounting principles. Reviewed cost estimates for labor, supplies and materials, indirect cost categories of overhead and general and administrative (G&A), and other direct costs submitted by contractors and grantees. Used PSC's commitment and funds control modules of Oracle.    Principal Technical Business Cost Consultant - SERCO-NA. Worked as a Principal Technical Business Consultant providing technical business assistance and growth of the cost estimating division of the company and development of earned value process. Worked on request for proposals (RFPs) and other solicitations. Provided advice and assistance in the marketing and business development efforts.    Contract Pricing Analyst - Phacil. Served as a subject matter expert assisting the prime contractor in the development of a work plan to support the program office conduct quarterly and annual pricing assessment and compliance reviews of DLA's Tailored Logistical Support Contracts (TLSC) Prime Vendor program as required by the Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR), Defense supplement to the FAR (DFAR) and Defense Logistics Agency Directive (DLAD). Work effort sought to mitigate the risk of overpricing, pricing vulnerabilities, fraud detection and rebate\discount recovery. Used MS Project in scheduling team work efforts and aligned the work plan and resource requirements in MS Project.    Senior Budget Analyst - JACER. Served as a subject matter expert providing resource planning, cost analysis and management control review support to the program executive office for the Joint Medical Information Management Office of TRICARE Management Activity. Identified, reconciled and maintained funded and unfunded (UFR) requirements due to system change requests (SCR) for the Program Executive Office (PEO) of the Joint Medical Information System (JMIS). Developed long - term and short-term funding requirements and profile for support and input into the funds control module of Oracle in support of the Budget and Program Objective Memorandum (POM) processes. Planned and coordinated the PEO's reporting responsibilities of OMB Circulars A-11 and A-123.    Senior Consultant - BearingPoint, Public Services Sector. Developed life cycle cost estimates and cost models in support of an analysis of alternatives (AOA) for the Defense Finance and Accounting System (DFAS) modernization initiative of the Defense Retirement and Annuitant System (DRAS). Initiated development of quantitative cost data for the feasible alternative parameters input into the cost estimating software, SEER-SEM, COCOMO, and ACE- IT cost modeling tools. Senior Consultant Grant Thornton July 2005 to July 2006 Served as the subject matter expert on costs and benefit analysis, business case, and financial analysis by providing advice, services and recommendations in support of the Department of Homeland Security's US VISIT program office. Provided recommendation to the office of budget and finance concerning subject matters related to cost estimating, resource planning and finance (Oracle). Provided guidance and recommendations for the development of the Life Cycle Cost Model. Senior Principal Cost Analyst Computer Science Corporation February 2003 to November 2004 Served as a member of the contract support team developing cost analysis; life cycle cost estimates, and cost models in support of the Business Enterprise Architecture under OSD's Comptroller Financial Management Initiative. Developed cost estimates in support of the Work Breakdown Structures (WBS). Supported leadership in the research and/or development efforts that require the application of new and unique approaches for estimating the cost emphasizing extreme innovative software development and implementation. Reviewed and provided quantitative analysis of cost data and its performance parameters for input into the Price System's True S and True Planning suite of cost estimating software, SEER-SEM, COCOMO, Calico, and Automated Estimating Integrated Tool (ACE- IT) cost modeling tools. Senior Cost Analyst Camber Corporation October 2002 to February 2003 Served as a member of the contract support team providing financial management, program and cost analysis consultation and assistance to the PM Soldier's Office under the Future Combat System (FCS). Reviewed and documented all Land Warrior (LW) cost data to include contractor cost data. Supported the contracting officer's Source Selection Evaluation Board (SSEB) on certain activities. Performed statistical analysis of cost data and its performance parameters for input into the Automated Estimating Integrated Tool (ACE- IT). Provided the U.S. Army's Cost and Economic Analysis Center (CEAC) cost data to develop the Army Cost Position (ACP). Prepared Work Breakdown Structures (WBS) to identify, validate and analyze contractor support. Prepared analyses of contractor cost data in determining the cost reasonableness of future Prime Mission Product (PMP). Provided primary assistance in developing funding requirements in accordance with the Army's Budget and Program Objective Memorandum (POM) processes. Assisted in the document preparation of the Cost Analysis Requirements Document (CARD).    U. S. Government Employment.  1. U.S. Department of Labor, Cost Negotiator, Washington, D.C  2. Peace Corps, Financial Analyst & Systems Accountant.  3. US Army Cost and Economic Analysis Center, Operations Research Analyst.  4. Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA). Office of Inspector General (OIG), Auditor  5. Watson, Rice and Company, Supervisor, CPA Firm.  6. Defense Mapping Agency, (now the National Imagery & Mapping Agency) Office of Comptroller. Systems Accountant.  7. Walter Reed Army Medical Center, Systems Accountant.  8. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, Staff Accountant.  9. Defense Contract Audit Agency (DCAA), Contract Auditor. Education Bachelor of Science in Accounting North Carolina A and T State University Greensboro - Greensboro, NC Certifications/Licenses Certified Internal Auditor (CIA) Retired Certified Government Financial Manager Present Certified Fraud Examiner (CFE) Retired Certified Financial Services Auditor