System Administrator V - Network engineer System Administrator V - Network engineer System Administrator V - Network engineer - TransCore ITS Navarre, FL To obtain a challenging position that will allow for career advancement and personal growth. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience System Administrator V - Network engineer TransCore ITS - Pensacola, FL October 2016 to Present Provide project support and responsible charge for the Pensacola Traffic Management Center. The system included the deployment of 12 DMS, 40 CCTV cameras, 88 MVDS, and 1 RWIS along a fiber optic backbone along approximately 40 miles of interstates with a wireless communications extension.  Interstate I10 and I110 Freeway Management System (Escambia and Santa Rosa counties) ITS principal.  Configure, deploy and maintain a vast array of Layer 2-7 devices (Cisco, Brocade, Siemens, Ruggedcom, Juniper SRX, Fortinet) - along with virtual appliances (VMWare, HyperV, Citrix XEN) and peripherals. Network Engineer American Water - Pensacola, FL May 2014 to June 2018 - Level 2 • Monitor, troubleshoot deploy and maintain a wide array of LAN and WAN devices.  Cisco Call Manager and Unity VoIP end point configuration and setup. Provision routers, switches, access points and other IT systems. Open tickets with carriers and follow through for RFO and RCA.  Hypervisors -Citrix XEN, VMWare and Microsoft Hyper V - host provisioning, deployment and maintenance. Guest VM provisioning and deployment.  Provide technical ITS support including after-hours support for the network that has a 24 x 7 service level agreements as part of the on-call rotation. Participate in root cause analysis process when solving problems and implements solutions to prevent problem from reoccurring. Purchases network hardware and software supplies. Support and participate in the building of data/voice infrastructure for new use or lifecycle replacement. Provide plan activities, duration and resource estimates for server related components of projects.  Work with a variety of IDP/IPS systems, including Cisco ASA, Fortinet Fortigate, SonicWall and Juniper SRX (configure, deploy, maintain and troubleshoot). IT Systems Analyst First Judicial Circuit of Florida - Okaloosa County - Okaloosa, Florida, US October 2013 to June 2014 Court Administration) • Provide support and maintenance for a vast array of servers and their associated IT systems for the First Judicial Circuit, as part of a small team. Perform daily system administrator duties on Exchange, Active directory and Linux virtual machine servers. Support telecommunications and video conferencing systems. Provide technical support and assistance to end-users. Perform daily DPM (Microsoft SCOM) duties, along with any other tasks and duties assigned to me. Maintain Cisco routers, switches and firewalls (ASA). Maintain Aruba wireless network. tech TDS Telecom/Metrocom June 2012 to August 2013 • Monitor, manage and act upon network alarms (create tickets based on alarm severity, attempt to restore critical services, page out to field services and 3rd party carriers - follow through to complete resolution). As part of the Network Management Operations (NMO) NOC team - complete various projects and work with Deployment, ATS, field services and project managers in order to implement and optimize our network (e.g. IPTV and Sandvine).  • Admin level access to class 5 switches, routers, LAN-switches and transport devices (e.g. Cisco 15454 and CRS1). TDS Telecom/Metrocom - Madison, WI July 2010 to August 2013 Network Operations Advisor/ Analyst II DSL, PON July 2010 to July 2012 • Troubleshoot network issues for DSL, PON, Managed IP, SDI, XDATA and fixed wireless commercial and residential customers. Troubleshoot digital and analogue 5-platform switch issues, including VoIP and Video over IP issues (Microsoft Media Room platform). Adhere to strict company performance metrics and guidelines. Use SABRE, MetaSolve, Marteens, TollGrade, Goldmine, Minerva, DESI troubleshooting tools. Privileged level access to most equipment (Cisco, Alcatel, Calix, Stinger, Paradyne, Occam, AnyMedia, Entrispehere, Adtran, EWSD, DMS10 and DMS100, DCO, 5ESS).  • Hosted services (managed IP) advanced troubleshooting using Broadsoft platforms (Polycom and Cisco devices). IS IT Risk Management and Security Intern ScreenOS, Junos, Cisco ASDM January 2012 to April 2012 • Monitor, configure and troubleshoot Juniper and Cisco ASA devices: ScreenOS, Junos, Cisco ASDM/PIX. Use Zenoss and Tripwire monitoring software. Implement custom firewall polices to allow/deny or log access through enterprise and/or service provider firewalls while employing UTM measures.  • Configure and harden Linux IDS/IPS (IDPS) appliances • Assist with decommission of outdated firewalls and servers • Generate and implement firewall policies at both enterprise and ISP levels.  • Provision new equipment for deployment. Education M.S. degree in Information Security and Assurance Western Governors University - Salt Lake City, UT July 2014 to July 2017 Bachelor's Degree Western Governors University - Salt Lake City, UT November 2013 Skills System Administrator, Vmware, System Admin, Active Directory, Linux, Linux Administrator, SCCM, Redhat, Red Hat, Networking, Javascript, Mac, Technical Support, Windows, security, Customer Service, Microsoft Office, Windows 7 Assessments Technical Support — Expert July 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to apply protocols to identify errors and solutions in order to maintain system function. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/jdecowxgav9cjpuq Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information SKILLS AND ACTIVITIES  • Excellent written and verbal communication skills (advanced help desk data/voice support)  • Windows server (2003, 2008 and 2012) administration (Active directory, exchange, DNS, DHCP and DPM)  • Hypervisors: VMWare ESX 5.x -6, Citrix Xen Server (all versions), MS Hyper-V (server 2008 and newer).  • Highly experienced in LAN and WAN design and architecture, installation, maintenance and repairs (including WAP) for Cisco, Alcatel, Avaya and Polycom devices  • Strong Unix/Linux and BSD-based configuration/maintenance and troubleshooting skills (CLI bash and korn shells, KDE, Unity and Gnome GUI environments - RPM and Debian).  • Experienced with complex firewall and UTM policy requirements (ScreenOS, SonicOS, Fortinet).