Computer Systems Analyst Computer Systems <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Computer Systems Analyst - Northrop Grumman Corporation Huntsville, AL Dedicated professional with 10 years' experience in engineering, Information Technology, and Information Assurance within the Government defense industry. Demonstrated skills in vulnerability assessments, scans, configurations, hardening of computer systems and creating/maintaining virtual environments. These systems are then assessed by Government entities according to their certification and accreditation process. Work Experience Computer Systems Analyst Northrop Grumman Corporation November 2017 to Present Serves as a Computer Systems Analyst supporting the Cyber Systems Engineering group within the Integrated Air and Missile Defense (IAMD) Battle Command System (IBCS) Program.    • Perform assessments of systems and networks supporting the IBCS program by running vulnerability and STIG compliance scans utilizing Nessus Vulnerability Scanner, SecurityCenter, SCC, Nmap/Zenmap and manual STIG checks.  • Develop system security plans, policies, and procedures to be utilized throughout the program  • Develop monthly Information Assurance Vulnerability Management (IAVM) reports and PO&AMs to deliver to Government counterparts for input into Enterprise Mission Assurance Support Service (EMASS) for accreditation activities according to the policy and standards of RMF.  • Configure, install and test commercial off-the-shelf applications and operating system software on Windows based virtual machines running on VMWare ESXi virtual servers.  • Responsible for the development and deployment of quarterly Information Assurance (IA) software updates by analyzing the vulnerability and compliance scan reports.  • Develop PowerShell scripts to implement the necessary STIG changes, automate patch installs, and software updates required for each quarterly IA release.  • Monitor Defense Information Systems Agency website for updated and newly released STIGs and Information Assurance Vulnerability Alerts (IAVAs). Assist in the implementation of the required Government policy, make recommendations on process tailoring, and participate in document process activities.  • Usher proposed system changes through the Configuration Management process to implement the applicable mitigations when required.  • Develop and maintain documentation supporting the product through development, integration, and delivery to the customer.  • Execute root cause analysis to troubleshoot and resolve complex system issues. Information Systems Security Officer/Cyber Information Assurance Analyst Northrop Grumman - Huntsville, AL May 2017 to November 2017 Served as an Information Systems Security Officer and Cyber Information Assurance Analyst in support of Northrup Grumman Corporation, Enterprise Systems. Responsible for operating, managing, and implementing security requirements both technical and administrative on classified systems    • Performed assessments of systems and networks within the networking environment or enclave to identify where those systems and networks deviate from acceptable configurations, enclave policy, or local policy. This is achieved through passive evaluations such as compliance audits and active evaluations such as vulnerability assessments.  • Established strict program control processes to ensure mitigation of risks and supports obtaining certification and accreditation of systems. Includes support of process, analysis, coordination, security certification test, security documentation, as well as investigations, software research, hardware introduction and release. Ensures RMF compliance through the required Government policy and make recommendations on process tailoring,  • Examined systems to determine security posture and compliance readiness. Perform IA related support functions including troubleshooting, assistance, and training. Analyze patterns of non-compliance and take appropriate administrative or programmatic actions.  • Attained and maintained RMF authorizations as directed by the Defense Security Service.  • Ensured all hardware and software baselines were correct and continuously monitored for accuracy.  • Performed system audits to assess security related factors weekly. Verified access control lists are compliant with policy and that applicable patches have been applied.  • Ensured all Government mandated requirements associated with data transfers were implemented and functional. Information Systems Security Engineer Lockheed Martin March 2014 to May 2017 Served as an Information Systems Security Engineer supporting the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) Program under Missile Defense Agency.  • Provided Information System Security Engineering designs and implementation for all aspects of IA supporting the THAAD program.  • Assessed and mitigated system security threats and risks throughout the program life cycle. Daily tasks included validating system security requirements definition and analysis, vulnerability scans, establishing system security designs, and creating Standard Operating Procedures  • Ensured each component met various information assurance requirements before the products were delivered by developing and completing IA test cases, vulnerability scans and patching, and quality assurance testing at formal product delivery.  • Performed vulnerability scans on systems utilizing approved network scanning tools and appropriate Government provided software and scanning tools to determine and remediate system vulnerabilities. Also used automated and manual checks for Department of Defense (DoD) STIGs to ensure system compliance.  • Specific security analysis expertise with the following tools: Nessus SecurityCenter, Retina, ACAS, SCAP Compliance Checker, and NMAP.  • Responsible for maintain database concurrency and ensure compliance in accordance with IAVAs on designated components. Considerable experience performing weekly Solaris and Windows security audit log analysis, and also maintaining antivirus definitions.  • Member of a successful and recognized team that implemented RMF controls and provided documentation required for accreditation. Prepared documentation for Government counterparts to submit RMF controls into EMASS for Authority to Operate accreditation.  • Served as the Technical lead during Controls Validation Tests (CVT) by assisting Government representatives completing directed technical scans that included vulnerability scans, port scans, and STIG scans.  • Holds extensive technical writing experience, developed and submitted contract proposals to include defining/creating Basis of Estimates to support the project cost analysis for the proposal. College Tech Specialist Lockheed Martin July 2013 to January 2014 Provided classified IT support to the Lockheed's Enterprise Business Services. Troubleshoot and resolved issues with Windows and Linux machines, built computers and hardened computers for security checks. Experience using Remedy IT Service Management Suite to manage IT tickets. Student IT Assistant Center for Space Plasma and Aeronomic Research (CSPAR) February 2012 to August 2013 Assisting with IT related tasks, building computers and setting up networks around the University of Alabama Huntsville's campus, troubleshooting various problems, and assistance with design and edit of company's website. Experience with Windows, Mac OS X, and UNIX operating systems Student Career Experience Program The U.S. Army Aviation and Missile Research Development and Engineering Center March 2010 to December 2011 Electrical engineering Co-op student. Supported the Control & Electronics department of the Weapons Development and Integration Directorate at AMRDEC. Worked in a team lead by a senior engineer and directly assisted with major development projects using tools such as PSoC (programmable embedded system-on-chip), executed preliminary test, design reviews, and proof of concept testing. Gained experience in developing programs in C and C++ computer languages for various test efforts. Education Master of Science in Management Information Systems in Information Security University of Alabama Birmingham - Birmingham, AL August 2018 Bachelor of Science in Management Information Systems in Information Assurance University of Alabama Huntsville - Huntsville, AL December 2013 Skills Comptia, Nessus, Nmap, Server administration, Security, Vmware, Linux, Red hat, Solaris, Scanner, Risk management, Microsoft office, Maintenance, Active Directory Certifications/Licenses CompTIA Security+ April 2013 to April 2019 Additional Information TECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES/CERTIFICATIONS    • CompTIA Security+ CE Certification  • Vulnerability and Security Technical Implementation Guide (STIG) assessments and implementation  • Assured Compliance Assessment Solution (ACAS)  • Security Content Automation Protocol SCAP Compliance Checker (SCC)  • Nessus Vulnerability Scanner/SecurityCenter  • Nmap/Zenmap  • Microsoft Office Suite  • Risk Management Framework (RMF) experience  • Development of Security Plans and Policies  • Development of PowerShell scripts for automation  • Development of Standard Operating Procedures    • Development and maintenance of and Plan of Actions and Milestones (PO&AM)  • Windows Desktop and Server administration  • Red Hat Enterprise Linux administration  • Solaris administration  • Creation and administration of virtual environments with VMWare ESXi