Senior Consultant Senior Consultant Senior Consultant - InScope International Silver Spring, MD Work Experience Senior Consultant InScope International - Reston, VA July 2015 to Present • Collaborating with an audit readiness team that supported the remediation of material weakness, and developed Corrective Action Plans (CAP) for federal. Supported various efforts in the Audit Readiness engagement (NIST 800-53 Rev 4, NIST 800-30). Responsible for managing past audit findings.  • Conducting meetings with the client to discuss client's material weaknesses identified in an audit to gain an understanding and develop mitigation strategies for findings.  • Meeting with system point of contacts to discuss and provide guidance on remediation strategies  • Communicating complex technology and security concepts and methodologies to senior leadership to support development of enterprise security strategy implementation  • Serving as a subject matter expert in governance and leadership by reviewing and developing effective structure for communicating, decision making and responding to security threats. Compliance Analyst Triumph Technologies - Leesburg, VA August 2013 to June 2015 • Managed the information security function in accordance with the established policies and guidelines.  • Established and maintained information security policies, procedures, and guidelines pursuant to Department of Commerce, as well as, State and Federal laws and regulations such as the Federal Information Security Act (FISMA), Office of Management and Budget (OMB) memorandums, and Department of Homeland Security (DHS) Binding Operational Directives.  • Reviewed security policy documents and made recommendations on documentation compliance.  • Conducted and performed continuous monitoring pursuant to NIST Guidelines requirements.  • Provided impact analysis for updates and version changes required by the NIST Security Publications and FISMA Notices  • Responsible for tasks related to the system Assessment and Authorization (A&A) and follow the Government IT security policies and standards. IT Security Analyst Deloitte Consulting - Washington, DC April 2011 to June 2013 • Supported a Continuous Readiness in Information Security Program (CRISP) team that supported the remediation of material weakness, Audit Readiness and Risk Framework development efforts for commercial and federal clients in various industries.  • Led mock audits as part of the audit readiness efforts to better prepare clients for the annual security control assessments and also assisted federal clients in maintaining a solid security posture.  • Conducted analysis on audit reports from previous years to determine the pattern from site to site and also identified issues that are present nationally.  • Developed risk management approach to remediate findings and also maintain effective control implementations.  • Assisted in developing a scoring system to be assigned to all potential risk and material weakness    LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE  SGA Bowie, MD  Treasure  • Student representation in the financial processes of the University.  • Ensure undergraduate students' roles and responsibilities in overall university governance. Education Master of Cybersecurity Technology in Cybersecurity Technology University of Maryland University College - College Park, MD Computer Technology Bowie State University - Bowie, MD