IT Administrator <span class="hl">IT</span> Administrator Washington, DC To secure a stimulating technical position in a team-oriented environment that will provide an opportunity for professional and personal growth based on performance driven derivatives. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Administrator Halvik Corporation October 2018 to Present Working as an onsite support for the Fisheries Department under NOAA, I am tasked with resolving client issues within the enterprise, supporting VIP and MacOS specific issues, as well as upholding the active domain with IMAC requests, and imaging. The newly created help desk is focused on engineering good client relations, securing first call resolutions, and assisting users remotely whenever possible to encourage more effective usage of technician working hours across the team. The environment utilizes Google services for email, file storage solutions, and some applications, such as Google Docs and Google Calendar, which was a new challenge to acclimate too as I found my footing in this role. My daily objectives consist of manning the Helpdesk for walk in clientele that are experiencing software or hardware issues, utilizing ServiceNow in order to answer email and voicemail requests, supervising Tier 1 technicians in their interactions with the client, and occasionally supporting clients via telephone when no Tier 1 technician is available. Mac & Windows Engineer Catapult Staffing June 2018 to August 2018 In my role as a dual platform engineer at the NHGRI, I am tasked with maintaining challenging new technologies, scientific proprietary programs, and as well as upholding data security and customer satisfaction in the Federal HHS environment. My day-to-day duties include in-person and remote support on site for the client (utilizing technologies such as, Active Directory, Bomgar, JAMF Casper, ServiceNow, iOS, Windows 10), which ranges from working with users on mobile device setup utilizing MDM management to remediating advanced keychain and permissions issues within the command line. Senior Mac Engineer BAE Systems February 2018 to May 2018 As a Senior Analyst for the Antitrust Division, U.S. Department of Justice, I am expected to uphold a very high standard of support for 250+ VIP end users within a federally managed environment, up to and including Assistant Attorney General to Jeff Sessions, Makan Delrahim. The environment is comprised entirely of GFE Windows 10 devices, secured by the Symantec Endpoint Encryption manager, with iOS devices for mobile communications and VPN/Token support, which I managed via AirWatch MDM. I also utilized Active Directory to create and manage user accounts as well as distribution lists, and received my Active Directory Security certification from the NASA online institute. In my role, I assisted users on site setting up mock court rooms, as well as conference rooms, went with them on travel arrangements due to trials in different states, or remotely with a myriad of issues ranging from Windows Logon, Microsoft Office, Citrix VPN, and many common Windows errors. Also assisted in setup and support of multiple conference rooms. Senior MacOS Desktop Support Technician Occam Solutions April 2017 to January 2018 As a senior MacOS Support Technician, I am tasked with the success of a coordinated Service Now queue with SLAs, supporting a variety of initiatives, such as replacement of older equipment, updating security and scientific software for users/labs, communicating and educating users on new government initiatives such as our Office 365 Launch, and a myriad of MacOS specific support issues while on the Desktop Support team. In my time here, I was also trained on the use of JAMF Casper as an enterprise management solution both in and outside federally regulated networks, which allowed me more access control because of my extended knowledge of the systems and policies in place. My work load daily ranges from 5-15 tickets as an individual, and from with issues ranging from simple physical errors or issues, to complete OS reinstall and data recovery. These tickets are done mostly at deskside, but around 30% require me to use Bomgar in order to resolve with remote users. Since being tasked with the LMEP program, a program targeted at Mac devices in the federal environment, our team has replaced 80% of the machines that were chosen, in a pool of over 1000+ users. This includes a full backup, possible migration of data, as well as education on the user's behalf of any new technology they should be aware of. Lastly, I was singularly responsible for the migration of Office 365 on Mac for over 200 users, with all installations and support afterwards being solely my responsibility. Also assisted in setup and support of multiple conference rooms. Windows 10 Deployment Technician LCG Technologies November 2016 to February 2017 In my role at the National Institute of General Medical Studies (NIGMS), I was tasked with the documentation, setup, and retrieval of devices across 600 users in the environment. The project specifically was aimed to move the institute from the Windows 7 OS to the Windows 10. OS, for better connectivity, with newer model computers. The scheduling was handled by the Project Manager, whereas the rest of the project was handled by myself and my single team member exclusively. Myself and the other team member were in charge of managing the new Windows 10 assets, and ensuring delivery to the correct users without fail. The project tasks include noting all installed printers, network drives, and installed programs, used in conjunction with the USMT (User Settings Migration Tool, which pulls an exact system image of stored files), physically installing the Windows 10 machine in the users office or workstation, and setting up the new machine with any required software (after being encrypted, bound to the domain, and created in active directory). If any complications arose with the users account, I was responsible for verifying the issue and correcting it within Active Directory, such as password resets, email verification, etc. I was also tasked with creating documentation for the project that was sent as mass email, as well as hosting educational Windows 10 learning sessions in order to empower users. Mac OSX Specialist Technician Modis Staffing - Baltimore, MD March 2016 to August 2016 While in my role at Under Armour, I achieved a multitude of operational and service goals while heading the new HPE Service Team at UA. Myself and my team were tasked with a 90 day SLA assignment of closing over 1800 tickets that the previous team had amassed and were unable to complete, as well as handling incoming ticket requests as our team took the reins of the Help Desk Team operations. The ticket backlog was closed and completed within that time successfully, even with the difficulties presented by our integration to the UA Team. In addition, we successfully imaged and repaired over 500 assorted Lenovo and Apple Laptop devices that the previous team had let become disparaged or in bad order. With succinct and clear ideas and teamwork, I was able to help acquiesce my team into a great relationship with the client and customers. My duties varied daily, as I was the face of the Walk-In Service Center at Building 37, and could see any manner of computer issue ranging from an entire laptop replacement to user profile rebuilds, to installing Mac Ram Memory and other components as well. I am capable of, and was required to, troubleshoot any device that made its way to the Walk-In Service Center. Issues consisted of both Mac and Windows 10 hardware/software problems that I was successful in troubleshooting, as well as working remotely with other users through our Service Now help desk. I was a point of contact for the Office 365 team as we moved the UA enterprise IT, and helped develop many enterprise fixes for the variety of issues that arose from the migration. As my duties increased, I was tasked with upholding the video conference systems in the corporate office where Under Armor showcased new products and hosted sports contract clientele. I also served as an asset manager for the Walk-In Service center, providing peripherals to users as well as new devices with approval. In addition, I have traveled to Austin, TX, and Spokane, WS, in order to train new Mac technicians, fill in for technicians who must take leave, or to help fulfill SLA standards for Service Now tickets in other team's queues. My time spent traveling was in a 100% Mac environment, supporting iOS Application testers, designers, and producers (Specifically MyFitnessPal, an Under Armor owned application on the iOS app store) Also assisted in setup and support of multiple conference rooms. Knowledge Management Technician Artech LLC - Bethesda, MD September 2015 to March 2016 National Institutes of Health - National Cancer Institute at Shady Grove, Bethesda, Maryland  September 2015 - March 2016  (Contracted Position)    Knowledge Management Technician  As a Knowledge Management Technician on the KM2 Project, an award winning new venture at NIH/NCI for asset inventory and information, my main tasks included project scope design and refining, asset identification and labeling, as well as creating documentation for project standards. Outside of these normal tasks, I also had experiences working on other teams with varied projects within the NIH. These include desktop support roles where I successfully completed User setups with new devices; Windows 10 GFE desktops, MacBook Pros, iMacs, printers, iOS devices (iPhone and iPad), as well as troubleshooting day-to-day issues with user's issues to find solutions, with a 24-hour window from ticket open to ticket close SLA. Mac and iOS devices at the NIH are varied in device life cycle and require a bevy of experience in order to support the expanse of differences in subtle programming changes and physical features. In my time at the NIH campus, I also gave time to an initiative for upgrading Mac OS X users in a large scale environment, and was tasked with delivering and managing over 500 Mac devices in the time I had there, which I completed. I have worked in both a laboratory environment as well as an office environment in these roles and am comfortable in either. In addition to my time in a supporting role, I was also able to assist in a two week-long tear down of a server room, learning the basics of server rack and blade organization, basic networking and wiring protocols, and basic upkeep of a modern, secure, server storage area. Drafted and Completed NIH/NCI-wide documentation for Microsoft Office 2016/365 on both Mac OS X and Windows 10 Operating Systems. Security Provisioning Analyst Constellation Energy Group - Baltimore, MD April 2015 to September 2015 In my role at Constellation, I was tasked with being on the D.A.R.T. Team, a merger project between Pepco Holdings and Constellation, creating documentation for the project and end users, adding users into active directory and distribution lists, as well as physical access procedural and documentation. This position was almost exclusively using Active Directory for many high level transactions within both the local exchange and the user account directory. In addition, my responsibilities encompassed working within a ticketing queue shared between my work team that encapsulated active directory requests for applications, distribution lists, physical and access security controls. Often, my work included granting access for purchasing account roles for top company officials, as well as the Vice President and other high ranking inside clients. Mac Encryption Engineer Johns Hopkins Hospital - Baltimore, MD December 2014 to February 2015 In my role as a Mac Encryption Engineer role at Johns Hopkins, I began to learn and exercise a variety of new skills including Mac Management, JAMF Casper deployment utilities, VMWare technology, and the FileVault 2 Encryption process. I learned more about the Mac's security software and fortifying it against intrusion. I also learned JAMF Casper for use in Mac OS X deployment, and FileVault 2 Encryption on various Mac Devices (10.6-10.10). In addition I was tasked with upgrading Mac OS X computers to the newest available OS X operating system in order to make the process of FileVault 2 integration in the enterprise environment easier. Other duties included Mac physical repair with hard drives, motherboards, and other common components. I was on a team of two tasked with actively contacting clients to schedule Mac encryption appointments, either through VM or on site, and completing encryption task, as well as storing and cataloging the File Vault Encryption Key in a secure JAMF database. In this role I also troubleshooted, and supported Mac computer's in the enterprise environment as necessary. In addition to this new experience, was enterprise customer focus featuring on site client support, and V.I.P. client support. Family Room Specialist Apple Store - Columbia, MD January 2014 to December 2014 In the role of Family Room Specialist at the Apple Store, I was constantly challenged by both software and hardware issues, network troubleshooting, and a myriad of other issues that appear in day to day uses of consumer and business technology. Mac technology is exclusively what I was trained for as an employee with Apple. These included both iOS training, Mac training, and creative development whenever possible. As I showed my skill with the OS X operating system, I was given more freedom to expand my learning, and taught clients Mac usability and applications in addition to my role as a Mac and iOS support personnel. As a family room specialist, my role includes troubleshooting all Mac devices that come to the genius bar, whether in my personal queue, or if collecting information and troubleshooting for the team on the whole. This experience expanded my view on all of the Mac software that is available, and what supporting each OS X version is like. I was tasked also with educating clients on basic features of recently purchased Mac or iOS devices, as well as setup for the Mac and iOS devices if clients wished. I am required to have an extensive knowledge of each and every OS X and iOS operating system in order to help the varieties of complicated Mac computer issues with native programs as well as third party Mac and iOS applications. This requires constant education on Mac and Apple products and social media trends. Lastly, I spent a good portion of learning time to pursue Mac certifications and languages, and have a good base in both Python and Ruby for Mac. While in my time at the Apple Store I tested for and successfully obtained both my Apple Certified Support Professional and Apple Certified Macintosh Technician certifications. Technical Contractor LANMinds Security Consultants - Columbia, MD October 2010 to February 2011 As a technical contractor I supervised special IT related projects including evaluating software and establishing and maintaining vendor relationships. Additional responsibilities included preparing and updating end-user training documentation. Additional responsibilities included scheduling vulnerability scans. Education Information Systems Security Howard Community College - Columbia, MD 2013 to Present Computer Technology Specialization Hammond High School - Columbia, MD 2008 to 2011 Skills Mac, Macos, Windows 10, Windows 7, Windows xp, Microsoft office, Ios, Active directory, Citrix, Vmware, Encryption, Firewall, Security, Imaging, Python, Ruby, Swift, Deployment, Uat, Help desk management, Customer Service, Vendor Management, Strategic Planning, Network Administration, Exchange Additional Information Key Skills    Proficiency: Microsoft Office Suite, Microsoft User Migration, Deskside Support, iOS Devices, iOS Support, Mac OSX/MacOS Operating Systems, Windows XP/7/8/10 proficiency, Windows 7/8/10 Administration, Windows 10 UAT/Deployment Mastery, Firewall Protection, Linux/Ubuntu, JAMF/Capser Management, VMWARE/Parallels, Bomgar Remote Support, Active Directory Controls and Management, Asset Management, Application Management, Proficient with troubleshooting across all platforms, Windows/Mac OSX Imaging and Encryption Tier 2/3 Desktop Support Responsibilities, Citrix Module Support, Security Planning and Maintenance, Server and Blade Physical Maintenance, User Facing Support, Help Desk Management, Printer Troubleshooting, ServiceNow (SNOW) Administration and Ticketing, Python/Ruby/Swift Languages, VIP Client & CEO Support, A/V Support, Break/Fix