Information Security Engineer/ Analyst III Information <span class="hl">Security</span> Engineer/<span class="hl">Analyst</span> III Information Security Engineer/ Analyst III - Black Knight Inc Jacksonville, FL Bachelor's Degree: Information Systems Cyber Security 12/2015 Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Information Security Engineer/ Analyst III Black Knight Inc May 2017 to Present Encryption ? Implemented & supported file, database, and application encryption initiatives for Black Knight' clients and internal users ? Managed encryption key rotations to meet or exceed applicable regulatory compliance standards ? Collaborated as part of a cross functional team, with business and application owners to deploy & strengthen encryption metrics across the Line of Business application suite(s)    Identity and Access Management ? Primary Technical SME for SailPoint IdentityIQ, Thycotic Secret Server, and Venafi ? Responsible for for the system administration of SailPoint, which provides identity provisioning across the enterprise ? My role includes the following: integration, product engineering/roadmap, On call and operational support, and Disaster Recovery/Incident Response.  ? On-site expert for Thycotic Secret Server ? Primary resource for integration working centering around password automation, enhanced privileged mainframe access, service ticketing systems.  ? Venafi application administration was relegated to hardware infrastructure only; another team handled issuance of the certificates. Security Consultant Optiv Inc April 2016 to April 2017 Optimization   ? Tune and streamline the data analysis process for SIEM platforms ? Develop and enhance current processes to increase technical efficiency and delivery quality ? Education through interaction ? Role play as "The Business"to represent spoken and understood needs of the client ? An exercise in focused brainstorming. A process by which a broad scope of concerns can be narrowed down and quantified by severity ? This imparts a framework of collaboration and a tool to continually and routinely refocus on organizational priorities without a creeping target.    Product Engineering ? Research areas of a current or emerging market to devise solutions to solve specific problems within the niche or field ? Craft Marketing material and educational playbooks for sales team ? Tailor the service to shape the client's view of what professional services should be   ? Integrate custom product solutions with current computing infrastructure rather than promoting another catch-all product    Product Delivery ? Provide hands on installation, training and support to corporate clients in accordance with terms in the Statement of Work ? Onsite travel performed when requested ? Proficient in technical writing process including peer review ? Ingest client business requirements to cobble a working proof of concept during pre-sales or the implementation phase of the engagement ? Use popular automation tools like puppet, chef, and puppet to increase deployment speed and reduce human error in large scale environments ? Provide operational and project support in areas regarding SIEM, Priveledged Access, Identity Management and file encryption to clients and colleagues ? Serve as an SME for Splunk and QRadar SIEM Solutions.    Information Security Engineering ? Technical Lead for $2.5M Cylance Endpoint Protection ? Primary resource for problem escalation for a multi-tiered $1M Splunk implementation project ? Developed Solutions Architecture and Engineering Documentation to align with company policy and guidelines ? Liaised with Sr. Leaders and Product Managers from various third party vendors on a wide array of matters from purchasing and licensing to technical resolutions.  ? Developed security guidelines and practices across business units.  ? Developed security/administrative policies and procedures for access, auditing, and escalation to support a combined threat management initiative. Associate Security Consultant Optiv Inc June 2015 to April 2016 Perform SIEM health check, optimization, upgrades, and tuning on various platforms   ? Completed 6 week long lab training course for Offensive/Defensive Penetration Testing ? focused on packet capture and analysis.# Utilize Kali Linux and Metasploit Framework for secure remote access and enumerating hosts.  ? Four weeks of in person training for technical writing, public speaking, engagement processes.  ? Responsible for designing and implementing training programs focused on sharpening product knowledge and technical skills and delivering to a mixed team of 10 individuals.  ? Co-Lead for Qradar SIEM deployment team (5 individuals) ? responsible for initial onboarding, installation and configuration of Qradar SIEM.  ? Stood up 6 SOCs with custom rules, dashboards, and correlation searches to map alerts to system incidents and anomalies ? Deployed MSSP services to 10 Fortune 500 companies Security Consultant Secure Ideas 2014 to 2015 Performed vulnerability assessments of client organizations using manual and automated techniques ? Use popular security tools to monitor and defend network resources inside an IT Infrastructure.  ? Led a project to build a system to support quantified measurement of an organization's intrusion detection system ? Interconnect multiple versions of Windows and Linux Operating Systems to evaluate security tools and develop new methodologies for security testing.  ? Created online marketing for the organization including blog posts and webcast slide decks ? Contributed to the SamuraiWTF(Web Testing Framework) project on Sourceforge.com ? Evaluated products and tested existing and emerging security and infrastructure products for improving workflow and productivity efficiency and overall effectiveness as a solution IT Manager Secure Ideas 2014 to 2014 - 2014 ? Manage existing Microsoft Server infrastructure, Phone system and ERP system.  ? ERP system reporting ? Identified and researched technical issues for remediation solutions ? Managed Active Directory accounts and groups; ? Documenting, tracking and monitoring technical issues to ensure a timely resolution.  ? Additional activities and responsibilities include ? Provision of new Windows physical and virtual servers.  ? Maintain network files, print services, patch management, system upgrades and system documentation; ? resolving problems related to hardware, software and communication issues; ? support 25 30 users, responding to telephone and email requests for technical support in a timely manner. Education License ITT Technical Institute License ISC Assessments Technical Support Skills — Expert February 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to apply protocols to identify errors and solutions in order to maintain system function. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/u-pujqgjqo6jqrrb Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information HARD SKILLS: TCP/IP, Packet ANalysis, Networking Infrastructure, Networking Systems, Linux Administration, Splunk, Kali, Computer and Network Security, ISO 27000/1, HIPPA Compliance, FFIEC, NIST, Information Architecture, DNS, VMware ESX, Splunk 6..5 +, QRadar 7.2.7 +, Active Directory, Endpoint Protection, Cloud Security Concepts  SOFT SKILLS: Personnel Management, Organizational Leadership, Training and mentorship, Cyber Security Principles, Troubleshooting, Authority and reputation building, Application Support, Superb written and spoken communication, Technical Requirement dissemination, C suite presentation and consultation, Time Management, Persuasion