IT Network & Security Administrator <span class="hl">IT</span> Network &amp; <span class="hl">Security</span> Administrator IT Network & Security Administrator - Heed Global LLC Prospect Park, NJ Work Experience IT Network & Security Administrator Heed Global LLC - Manhattan, NY January 2016 to Present • Support new technological research - IT, sensors, data analysis software etc.  • Provide support to the HEED lab - Network, equipment setup, software installations, testing etc.  • Evaluate and extend research reports received from 3rd parties.  • Provide general technical support to the HEED team in the US.  • General technical coordination with HEED teams around the world.  • Deployed and managed BitDefender Gravity Zone on all Windows and MAC endpoints. Integrated  with Windows ATP.  • Deployed and Managed Checkpoint firewalls and Cisco Meraki switches.  • Created security policies and procedures  • Practiced security awareness with HEED employees.  • Initiated vulnerability assessment scans.  • Enforced email policies in Office365 to deter phishing campaigns aimed towards HEED employees.  • Created and maintained security groups in Active Directory.  • Experience Investigating and identifying phishing, spoofing and spear-phishing attacks.  • Firewall management. Cyber Security Analyst Star Management Services LLC - Manhattan, NY January 2013 to December 2015 Produce monthly KPI's (Key Performance Indicator) for Manager, CIO, and CFO. Obtained information from different IT Security tools for the KPI report.  ? Administer and helped with the global deployment of Palo Alto VPN (Global Protect) and VPNC. Created policies for different business units for access to internal resources.  ? Configure, Deployed and Managed all Sourcefire IPS's and IDS's within the company.  ? Investigated threats from the Intrusion Prevention System and handled accordingly.  ? Investigated phishing emails, researched malwares on Virustotal, executed them in controlled environment to see behavior and run scans for known bad hashes in the internal environment.  ? Managed the Cisco Amp antimalware solution.  ? Added the SHA-256 hash value associated with malicious files to the IPS and anti-malware block list to prevent execution on a specific host(s)  ? Worked with members of the security team in incident handling and response within the group of companies. Investigated incidents, determined origin of threats, blacklisted any malicious malware, and enforced user compliance in how to deal with suspicious emails or activity seen on user machines.  ? Produced weekly reports on the amount of threats detected and/or executed on user's machine within the company.  ? Managed and updated Firemon (Firewall Security Management and Monitoring).  ? Provisioned RSA tokens for users that used the Cisco Anyconnect VPN solution.  ? Experience working with ransomware  ? Performed security audits on employee machines and IPS's  ? Experience working with and deterring spoofing emails  ? Adding employees to security groups in active directory allowing them access to internal resources  ? Executing monthly scans of the internal network using Nessus Vulnerability Scanner and working with members of the infrastructure team to patch critical vulnerabilities. IT Intern BGB New York - Manhattan, NY June 2012 to December 2012 Reported directly to Network Administrator for daily tasks and duties.  ? Responsible for setting up new PC systems including, switching over user settings and data.  ? Developed recovery procedures in the event of a unit or network wide catastrophic failure.  ? Perform late night and weekend server scheduled off-hours maintenance.  ? Created Technical Manuals.  ? Bench mark all equipment before put into real time production.  ? Assisted Network Administrator and Director of Information Technology in IT projects. Education Diploma Chubb's Technical Institute Associates Degree in Computer Science in Computer Science Passaic County Community College Skills Windows, Networking, Vmware, Active Directory, Technical Support