Associate IT Analyst Associate <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Associate IT Analyst - The Body Shop Elmhurst, NY Work Experience Associate IT Analyst The Body Shop - New York, NY May 2019 to Present Implemented and analyzed third party SaaS systems; Bluejeans, Concierge, Polycom, etc.    ? Assisted project manager with the integration of cloud services with on premise technologies  from Microsoft and SAP and managed assignments for the cloud platform transition    ? Contributed to the development and implementation of standard processes for project intake  and project delivery    ? Partnered closely with project manager and SAP analyst on company-wide technology needs  to proactively identify solutions based on company's strategic direction IT Associate Baruch College Technology Center - New York, NY August 2017 to August 2018 Managed and maintained IT asset inventory and software licensing, while working with management to ensure that systems and software are accurately recorded, tracked, and retired  to 100% of accountability standards    ? Acted as the first point of escalation for resolving all internal IT software and hardware, including setup, connectivity and functionality for Macs and Windows PCs Security Analyst Intern Maestros Inc - Dhaka, BD 2014 to 2015 2016    ? Performed risk assessment of current and new enterprise grade software solutions    ? Assisted Senior Systems Engineer with drafting material on "user training on security  standards and cyber exercises"    ? Conducted workshops to educate employees about firewalls, proxies, antiviruses and Intrusion  Detection and Prevention Systems (IDPS) concepts Education Bachelor's in Computer Information Systems in Cyber Security & Risk Information Management Bernard M. Baruch College - New York, NY August 2018 Skills Etl, Cloudfront, Ec2, Sql, Sql queries, Microsoft Office, Active Directory, Security Additional Information SKILLS  ? Extensive knowledge of AWS architectural principles and services ; IAM, S3, CloudFront,  Snowball, EC2, Cloudwatch, Lambda, Route53, RDS, Redshift, Aurora, VPC etc.  ? Experience with creating SQL queries, manipulating data and ETL  ? Multilingual, along with excellent interpersonal and communication skills  ? Excellent analytical and troubleshooting skills