Business Analyst I Business <span class="hl">Analyst</span> I Business Analyst I - Maintains CapEx and OpEx spending for Information Technology Department Manorville, NY An accomplished and talented professional with a comprehensive background in vendor management, business  analysis, risk management, information technology analysis, and vendor management training. Extensive  experience in banking in a variety of business settings. Delivers outstanding customer service and client  satisfaction, highlighted by client management abilities. Driven to succeed in all endeavors. Establishes,  cultivates, and manages productive relationships. Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite, SharePoint and Vendor  Risk Management Work Experience Business Analyst I Maintains CapEx and OpEx spending for Information Technology Department - Hauppauge, NY October 2018 to Present NY  • Maintains CapEx and OpEx spending for Information Technology Department.  • Responds and assists with audits requests: federal, state, internal.  • Documents, and maintains system processes using Visio.  • Updates Information Technology policy and procedures.  • Performs and completes vendor due diligence documentation for Information Technology vendors.  • Assists in IT project management initiatives, testing, and completing RFPs. BNB Bank - Hauppauge, NY June 2013 to Present Operational Risk Analyst Hauppauge, NY June 2017 to October 2018 • Ensured vendor risk management policy and procedure were current and in accordance with bank policy and federal reserve regulations.  • Assisted vendor owner / coordinator with collecting the correct documentation from vendors and analyzed  document exceptions.  • Conducted Accounts Payable and vendor management Software comparison and reconciliation.  • Managed and documented vendor risk management working group meeting for vetting of new vendors.  • Performed and presented vendor management training to bank business line vendor owner and coordinators. Associate Information Security Analyst Service Organization Control - Hauppauge, NY July 2016 to June 2017 NY  • Conducted system access reviews to ensure compliance with bank's policies and procedures.  • Completed reviews of vendor SOC (Service Organization Control) Reports.  • Analyzed security notifications, documents and public information to identify threats and vulnerabilities. IT Governance Assistant Center Moriches, NY June 2015 to July 2016 • Responsible for composing and maintaining Information Technology policy and procedures.  • Scheduled, facilitated and documented bank change management program.  • Prepared, organized, and administered requested documentation for regulators and auditors. Teller Shirley, NY June 2013 to June 2015 • Balanced ATM Machine, Teller Cash Recycler Machine and Teller Cash Dispenser Machine totaling over  $150,000.  • Processed client deposits, withdrawals and loan payment transactions.  • Referred clients to Financial Service Representative to open new or maintain existing client accounts. Teller Capital One Bank - Rocky Point, NY April 2011 to October 2012 • Processed client transactions including deposits, withdrawals, payments and transfers.  • Ensured transactions adhered to banking policies and procedures. Education Associate of Science in Liberal Arts SUNY Suffolk County Community College - Riverhead, NY December 2010 Regents Diploma Eastport South Manor JR SR High School - Manorville, NY June 2007 Additional Information Soft Skills    • Initiative • Organized / Detailed • Ambitious  • Goal-Driven • Performance Focused • Solution-Oriented