IT Security Contractor <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> Contractor IT Security Contractor - Consulnet LLC Salt Lake City, UT Work Experience IT Security Contractor Consulnet LLC - Salt Lake City, UT March 2019 to Present • Monitor customer environments for security issues.  • Investigate security breaches and other cyber security incidents.  • Install security measures and operate software to protect systems and information infrastructure, including firewalls and data encryption programs.  • Document and research security breaches and assess the damage they cause.  • Work with customers and security team to perform tests and uncover network vulnerabilities.  • Help remediate detected vulnerabilities to maintain a high- security standard.  • Develop company-wide best practices for IT security.  • Research security enhancements and make recommendations to management. SOC Cyber Security Analyst Consulnet LLC - Salt Lake City, UT October 2018 to February 2019 • Assist in deploying and maintaining status of security sensors and tools  • Monitor security sensors and review logs to identify intrusions via SIEM and packet analysis.  • Review vulnerabilities and track resolution  • Review and process threat intel reports  • Coordinate and complete Sprint Projects based on company needs  • Assisted with SIEM and the gathering of key firewall (ASA, PAN, SonicWall) logs  • Development of Vulnerability Management and Patch Management program and implementation of compliance IT Security Test Analyst Zions Bancorporation - West Valley City, UT June 2018 to October 2018 Designed, tested, and implemented key Information Security Controls related to FFIEC CAT, NIST, CIS Benchmarks, GLBA, SOX, and PCI.  ? Create documentation on resolving Vulnerabilities as well as executive summaries on threat mitigation, avoidance, and resolution.  ? Used Splunk to gather key control logs in helping to determine threats and alert on any anomalies IT Security Analyst ICON Health & Fitness - Logan, UT March 2017 to June 2018 Manage patch management and vulnerability/threat detection for over 2000 desktops, servers, and network devices. Worked directly with IT Security Manager to design and use next-gen AV and Firewall solutions (Palo Alto Networks/Traps). Extensively used Splunk to create real-time security alerts and dashboards for InfoSec Auditing, IDS/IPS threat analysis, privilege use, VPN auditing, and a variety of other solutions. Instructed and led security related rollouts and tracked resolutions and goals of projects and incidents by working closely with the Helpdesk and Network Administration teams. JAMF experience for macs.  Key Accomplishments:  ? Planned and implemented new, secure password reset solution for 1500+ employees  ? Successfully implemented security benchmarks and standards across all workstations and servers (CIS, NIST)  ? Created user groups based on role in Active Directory to eliminate the need for Domain Administrator accounts Helpdesk Technician Apartment Management Consultants, LLC - Sandy, UT June 2015 to March 2017 Served as the primary point of Helpdesk operations/ IT Security for over 100 properties across the U.S, as well as 25 corporate employees and 5 executives.  ? Installed and punched down cabling for various expansions throughout the building utilizing best practices  ? Assisted with basic Network Administration, desktop standard configurations, Endpoint Security and policies Technical Support Specialist II Progrexion - Salt Lake City, UT 2012 to 2013 Responsible for day-to-day help desk operations including ticket prioritization, tracking, and timely resolution, as well as technical support to 3000+ employees and vendors. As a Tier II technician, served as the face of IT Operations as a field technician resolving desktop issues as well as minor switch/server issues.    Key Accomplishments:  ? #1 in ticket resolution and effort among the Tier I technicians and earned a Tier II position within 3 months.  ? Trained 3 new employees on how to successfully conduct Helpdesk interactions with end users, as well as troubleshooting skills. Education Bachelor of Science in Information Technology in Information Technology Western Governors University August 2019 Skills Active Directory (1 year), DNS (Less than 1 year), LAN (Less than 1 year), Splunk (1 year), VPN (1 year)