Systems Administrator Systems Administrator Night / Weekend opportunities...TS/SCI CI Poly Jessup, MD TS/SCI CI Polygraph   CompTIA CASP Certification  CompTIA Security+ Certification  CompTIA A+ Certification   AMAG Certification  CCURE Certification    Skills: SQL, VMWare vSphere 5.5, Active Directory, Group Policy, Server Manager, CCURE, AMAG, BVMS, Windows Server 2012 R2, RSA Hard/Soft Token Management, Cisco Phone Installation and Management, iRon Key Management., Cisco WebEx, Cisco Jabber, Microsoft Exchange Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Systems Administrator Absolute Business Solutions Corp. (ABSc) - Fort Meade, MD March 2019 to Present ?        Perform systems administration of desktop and server system connected to local and wide area networks. Desktop System management responsibilities involving account monitoring, security, Operating Systems installation, and other local area systems administration related functions.  ?        Provide support for implementation, troubleshooting and maintenance of IT systems.  ?        Manage IT system infrastructure and any processes related to these systems.  ?        Provide support to IT systems including day-to-day operations, monitoring and problem resolution for all of the client/server/storage/network devices, mobile devices, etc.  ?        Provide Tier 1 and Tier 2 problem identification, diagnosis and resolution of problem.  ?        Provide support for the dispatch system and hardware problems and remains involved in the resolution process.  ?        Configure and manage Windows operating systems.  ?        Installs/loads operating system application software.  ?        Isolate and resolve of hardware and software problems involving the applications, the operating system, the hardware, the communication infrastructure, or any combination thereof.  ?        Troubleshoot, maintain integrity and configure network components along with implementing operating systems enhancements to improve reliability and performance. Systems Administrator M.C - Pentagon, DC July 2018 to Present ?        Manage licenses, and update servers / workstations.  ?        Monthly patches/backups to servers utilizing VMWare vSphere Client  ?        Server maintenance and troubleshooting via VMWare vSphere Client.   ?        Troubleshoot NIPR, SIPR and JWICS machines.  ?        Utilization of and DameWare/RDP to remote into physical servers and workstations  ?        SQL, CCURE, AMAG, BVMS, and Iceware systems  ?        Review the security system’s database error log files to include check of integrity and size of database on all servers.  ?        Daily archiving of events, alarm acknowledgements, and user transactions.  ?        Daily enterprise system checks and status checking of communication links.  ?        Perform system monitoring, programming, reporting, and troubleshooting.  ?     Interface with management, customers, technicians and alarm monitoring staff to answer inquiries, provide status reports, and resolve issues. Cyber Security Analyst Air National Guard - New Castle, DE October 2016 to Present ? Supervises or operates fixed and deployed information technology ( IT) and telecommunications resources to monitor, evaluate and maintain systems, policy and procedures to protect clients, networks, data/voice systems and databases from unauthorized activity.     ? Identifies potential threats and manages resolution of security violations.     ? Enforces national, DoD and Air Force security policies and directives; employs hardware and software tools to enhance the security by installing, monitoring and directing proactive and reactive information protection and defensive measures to ensure Confidentiality, Integrity and Availability (CIA) of IT resources.     ? Administers and manages the overall Information Assurance (IA) program to include Communications Security (COMSEC), Emissions Security (EMSEC) and Computer Security (COMPUSEC) programs. Senior Desktop Support Technician NetCentrics - Pentagon, DC October 2017 to July 2018 ?        Provide Software Installations, CaC/Certificate Activations, Computer Imaging.  ?        Create and manage GPO’s   ?        Utilize Active Roles Server to manage Active Directory.  ?        Coordinate and execute IT support for CONUS/OCONUS travel.  ?        Follow established Service Desk processes for ticket management using Remedy.  ?        Remote support, using Dameware mini remote-control software.  ?        Provide Call Center Support for confirmed VIPs using the Avaya Agent.  ?        Install, configure, test, maintain, monitor, and troubleshoot NIPR, SIPR, and JWICS end-user workstations Data Center Technician OST Corp - Ft belv October 2017 to July 2018 ?     Use Redhat, CentOS, and Fedora for installation, configuration, file movements and user management.  ?        Ensure proper functional of 24x7x365 data center in a high-demand production environment.  ?        Monitor activity, accurately document, and effectively report events effecting AKO servers.  ?        Assist Engineers with technical recommendations to resolve system malfunctions.  ?        Utilize putty to manage failed polls.  ?        Assist Operations Management in reviewing and maintaining up-to-date COMC operating procedures Junior LAN Administrator USAID/OFDA - Washington, DC May 2016 to September 2017 ?        Active Directory and Microsoft Exchange to created user accounts, security groups, and distribution groups, via remoting into Windows Server 2008 and 2012  ?        Manage licenses, and update servers / workstations.  ?        Monthly patches/backups to servers utilizing VMWare vSphere Client  ?        Responsible for installing, configuring, diagnosing, repairing, and upgrading workstations, computer hardware, and printers.  ?        Set up and managed hard and soft RSA tokens for users for multi-factor authentication  ?        Configured iPhones and managed mobile devices using MaaS 360   ?        Assist with end user moves, and multi user migrations, including disconnecting, reconnecting and testing computers and peripheral devices.  ?        Support and maintain PC hardware and software, including new computer setup, images, software installation, upgrades, preventive maintenance, and troubleshooting.   ?        Configured Cisco IP-Phone Systems via Cisco Call Manager  ?        Win PE imaging, Create and Manage RSA Tokens, MaaS 360 enterprise mobile management, installing and troubleshooting Windows 7, create and manage accounts using Exchange 2010, Microsoft Office 2010, and Google Mail.  ?     Break/Fix support on computer hardware, mobile devices, printers, and workstations. I utilize the ServicePro Trouble Ticket System. Maintenance Production Manager United States Air Force Reserve - Dover, DE August 2013 to October 2016 ?        Develop, plan, and establish schedules to meet mission commitments. Scheduling aircraft/aerospace vehicles, associated support equipment, munitions, precision measurement equipment.  ?        Use manual and computerized systems to prepare weekly, monthly, and quarterly schedules, ensuring that all maintenance requirements and operational commitments are met.  ?        Route repairable assets within the maintenance complex and determine priority material requirements in conjunction with the respective shop supervisor. IT Support Specialist Department of Health and Human Services - Bethesda, MD October 2015 to April 2016 ?        Provide technical assistance for incoming queries and issues related to computer systems, software, and hardware  ?        Manage trouble tickets through applicable tiers of support.  ?        Gain feedback from customers regarding system issues.  ?        Walk clients through problem-solving processes.  ?        Implemented break fixes on with computer software, and websites  ?        Respond to federal clients via phone and email regarding system issues and requests.  ?        Support and administer Transhare Go Card program Virtual Partner Account Manager Cisco Networks - Herndon, VA July 2014 to July 2015 ?        Established&supported partner relationships with top federal partners. Supported a portfolio of federal focus partners. Worked in a highly collaborative environment, supporting multiple field personnel, from a central location. I’m proficient in tools and processes that support channel activity. I also interface with partners and provide ongoing support of focus partners business objectives.  ?        Provided backup, and in office support for aligned PAM’s/PDM’s. I’m currently working with partners, PAM’s, PDM’s on aligning the company’s resources and interaction with the company’s Commerce Workspace.  ?        In addition, my daily projects that I manage include partner-to-partner sales exception, federal authorization. partner reporting, on boarding, ramping new partners, education, training, order flow up, certification requirements, specializationrequirements, interaction with SFDC, deal registrations, and training.  ?        Supported Top federal partners such as World Wide Technology, CDW, Presidio, Force 3, Iron Bow, Red River, Knight Point,ViON, Lockheed Martin, Northrop Grumman, DRS Technologies, as well as, distributors such as Ingram Micro, Tech Data, KBZ and Comstor. Business Account Executive COMCAST BUSINESS - Largo, MD January 2013 to August 2013 ?        Generated new business in assigned territories through prospecting, cold calling, networking, and referrals.  ?        Identified customer needs and utilized solution – based selling techniques to fully demonstrate the value of Comcast products and services.  ?        Assisted in break fixes with network issues.  ?        Created IT trouble tickets.  ?        Consistently ranked as a top performer, meeting monthly sales quotas.  ?        Utilized sales force to input prospects and opportunities, submit orders, schedule appointments, and follow up with customers. Education Bachelors in Information Technology in Information Technology American Intercontinental University - Chicago, IL 2014 to 2016 Certificate Of Completion, 3.9 GPA in Maintenance, Logistics, Planning, Scheduling Sheppard Air Force Base - Wichita Falls, TX 2014 to 2014 Skills Vmware ESXi 5.5 (2 years), Active Directory (3 years), Microsoft Exchange Comsole (3 years), SCCM (2 years), Linux (2 years), Redhat, Linux Administrator, System Admin, System Administrator, Vmware, Red Hat Military Service Branch: United States Air Force Rank: E4 Certifications/Licenses CompTIA Security+ August 2017 to August 2020 CompTIA A+ August 2017 to August 2020 A valid IT Specialist certification