IT SUPPORT SPECIALIST I <span class="hl">IT</span> SUPPORT SPECIALIST I DESKTOP SUPPORT ANALYST Houston, TX • Nineteen years' experience in IT Support  • Ability to deploy and troubleshoot various PC and laptop hardware and software.  • Perform maintenance on data networks, servers, desktops, laptops, and printers.  • Excellent customer service skills with all types of users from average to executive. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT SUPPORT SPECIALIST I C&J Energy Services - Houston, TX 2019 to 2019 ·Supported people both locally and statewide using Team Viewer remote control.  ·Used Service Now ticketing system.  ·Helped users configure Multi-Factor Authentication.  ·Reset user passwords, enabled computer and user accounts in Active Directory  ·Used Windows 10 and Windows 7 with Office 2016, Microsoft Office 365.  ·Supported Apple iPhones and HP laptops and desktops.  ·Multi-tasked with remote control, Phone, Instant Messenger, and Email to resolve technical issues. DESKTOP SUPPORT ANALYST Reverse Mortgage Solutions 2018 to 2019 ·Supported people both locally and internationally using remote control applications.  ·Imaged, deployed, upgraded, and fixed HP desktops, laptops, and printers.  ·Used PXE, SCCM, Citrix, Office 2013, Office 365 and other proprietary software.  ·Set up and supported Office 365 Outlook in an Exchange server environment.  ·Provided basic Network and Telecom support. Installed and moved Cisco IP phones.  ·Multi-tasked with computer remote control, Phone, Instant Messenger, Email and face-to-face to resolve technical issues.  ·Used Service Now ticketing system.  ·Configured desktops and laptops with Windows 10 and Windows 7 Enterprise. DESKTOP SUPPORT ANALYST Enbridge 2017 to 2018 • Multi-tasked with PC remote control, Phone, Instant Messenger, Email and face-to-face to resolve technical issues.  • Used Service Now ticketing system.  • Imaged and configured HP desktops and laptops with Windows 7 Enterprise.  • Installed and configured multiple software applications including Citrix and Microsoft Office 2010. Set up Outlook Email in an Exchange server environment.  • Provided basic Network and IP Phone Support. SERVICE DESK ANALYST Enbridge 2016 to 2017 • Answered requests for assistance with various computer, phone and printer issues.  • Used remote control applications and Active Directory.  • 1stand 2nd line support - troubleshooting of IT related problems. DESKTOP SUPPORT Memorial Hermann 2015 to 2016 • Multi-tasked with PC remote control, Instant Messenger, Email and face-to-face to fix technical issues.  • Resolved break-fix tickets using Remedy ticketing system.  • Imaged and configured Dell desktops and laptops with Windows 7 Enterprise.  • Installed and configured multiple software applications including Microsoft Office 2010. Setting up Outlook Email in an Exchange server environment. DESKTOP SUPPORT and ACTIVE DIRECTORY SECURITY ADMINISTRATOR Energy Transfer 2014 to 2015 - Contract  • Administered information security policies and procedures in a multiple domain environment using NetIQ DRA.  • Resolved BMC Remedy tickets requesting folder access provisioning issues for user and group accounts.  • Created group mailbox accounts, distribution lists, and modifying their user membership.  • Granted approved user accounts permissions to security groups.  • Imaged and configured HP desktops and laptops with Windows 7 Enterprise using PXE boot.  • Created Ghost images, installed and tested software applications. DESKTOP SUPPORT SPECIALIST Stewart & Stevenson 2010 to 2014 • Multi-tasked with PC remote control, cell phone, Instant Messenger, Email and face-to-face to resolve technical issues.  • Utilized ERP software, J.D. Edwards database for inventory control and asset management of various technology hardware.  • Managed DELL workstations and laptops in an Active Directory domain with NetIQ DRA.  • Deployed and configured Windows 7 and XP Professional Ghost images on DELL OptiPlex desktops and Latitude laptops.  • Installed and configured multiple software applications including Microsoft Office 2010. Setting up Outlook Email with Exchange Server.  • Supported and troubleshot iPhone and Blackberry problems including connectivity issues and Email accounts.  • Trained contractors and new employees in Desktop Support procedures. DESKTOP SUPPORT ANALYST DELL Services 2009 to 2010 • Resolved break-fix tickets using Remedy ticketing system. Multi-tasked with 2-way pager, Email, phone, and face-to-face with clients.  • Updated PCs for clinical and administrative personnel in hospital and office environments located in the Houston Northwest Medical Center. Worked with doctors, nurses, executives, managers, and administrators.  • Managed PC's on an Active Directory domain. Re-imaged and configured DELL OptiPlex desktops and Latitude laptops with Acronis imaging application with portable USB hard drive.  • Installed common and specialized PC software applications. Used PC Remote Control, Microsoft XP Professional and Microsoft Office including configuring Outlook Email accounts in an Exchange server environment, establishing and maintaining secure wireless connections.  • Worked with printer maintenance vendor responsible for repair and replacement of all network printers. Researched, prepared price quotes and requisitions for all types of technology hardware and software, from replacement parts to complete systems. Installing network printers and created queues on printer server. Education Galveston College, Information Technology Certifications in Information Technology Galveston College - Galveston, TX January 2001 to October 2001 Skills Desktop Support, Help Desk Additional Information    Microsoft MCTS - Microsoft Certified Technology Specialist  Microsoft MCITP - Microsoft Certified IT Professional  Microsoft MCSA - Microsoft Certified Systems Administrator  Microsoft MCDST - Microsoft Certified Desktop Support Technician  Microsoft MCP - Microsoft Certified Professional  Network+ Certified Professional – CompTIA  A+ Certified Professional – CompTIA