Network Engineer Network Engineer Tampa, FL Clearance: TS/SCI - Active Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Network Engineer Jacobs - MacDill AFB, FL November 2018 to Present . Administering the operation of LAN/WAN-related network services according to Government policies and procedures   · Troubleshooting and resolving LAN/WAN performance, connectivity and related network problems   · Monitoring LAN/WAN-related systems to proactively identify performance and operational issues   · Documenting and implementing approved configuration changes.   · Performing routine maintenance on network-related components and equipment   IT Specialist/System Administrator US Army Reserve (SOUTHCOM) - Tampa, FL November 2011 to Present • Providing telephone and in-person support to users, troubleshooting, diagnosing, resolving, and documenting hardware, software, and network related technical issues.  • Managed ongoing computer hardware and software issues, including providing troubleshooting for software systems and system hardware on areas such as IP conflicts, TCP/IP routing, satellite signal acquisition, data path transmission and related irregularities.  • Working with Cisco routers and switches as well as related hardware and software systems.  • Responsible for implementing network system installations, changes and upgrades. Security Analyst III Colsa Corperation - Tampa, FL October 2016 to November 2018 • Gather information on trends, behaviors, events and directed global developments to generate media synopsis reports and assessments of local geopolitics and foreign media discourse in the CENTCOM areas of responsibility.   • Use directed, or design research methods appropriate to pre-defined client criteria.   • Translate, interpret and analyze oral and written material such as classified reports, and data. Network Security Engineer Check Point Software Technology - Irving, TX February 2016 to October 2016 • Protect and defend against network threats  • Evaluate existing security policies and optimize the rule base  • Manage user access to corporate LANs  • Monitor suspicious network activities and analyze attacks  • Troubleshoot network connections Internet Help Desk/Premium Tech Support Agent Frontier Communications - Allen, TX April 2015 to April 2015 • Accountable for analyzing, troubleshooting, and supporting the end-user with internet (DSL & FiOS) connectivity, and PC issues as they relate to the end user's service.  • Provide premier customer service and a "Customer First" experience to every customer.  • Provide solutions to customer or create a ticket and escalate as needed.  • Troubleshoot and fix PC software hardware related issues Analyst Gaddis Research International - Richardson, TX November 2012 to May 2013 • Prepared reports of findings, illustrating data and translating complex findings into written text.  • Sought and provided information to help companies determine their position in the marketplace.  • Gathered data on competitors and analyzed their prices, sales, and method of marketing and distribution.  • Analyzed collected data on customer to identify potential markets and factors affecting product demand.  • Translated researched document, interviewed, and interpreted to and from foreign clients. Solution Specialist Bobby Dodd Enterprise (ATT) - Atlanta, GA September 2012 to November 2012 Conferred with customers by telephone to provide information.  Checked to ensure that appropriate changes were made to resolve customers' problems.  • Determined charges for services requested, collected deposits or payments, or arranged for billing.  • Resolved customers' service or billing complaints. Education Bachelor's Skills Active Directory (5 years), Exchange Server (3 years), Network Administration (5 years), Servers (5 years), Technical Support (5 years), Customer Service (6 years), Linux, Linux Administrator, System Administrator, Vmware, Windows, Mac, Networking, access, Microsoft Office, Windows 7, security Certifications/Licenses CCNA September 2021 ccsm August 2018 Security+ March 2021 Network+ March 2021 CCNA Security September 2018 to September 2021 CEH October 2018 to October 2021