HTML Content Manager (Contract) HTML Content Manager (Contract) Web Developer Houston, TX Work Experience HTML Content Manager (Contract) Holland Digital Services - Houston, TX January 2019 to July 2019 • Design, Code, Format and Publish email eLetters and online content  • Daily production of HTML emails  • Create and update web pages using HTML and CSS best practices  • Build, code, customize WordPress themes Desktop Deployment Technician (Contract) K & D Associates - Houston, TX May 2018 to November 2018 • PC images and refresh  • Backup of user data and restore to new system  • Install software and troubleshoot if necessary  • Security remediation (adding patches to end user computers)  • Other direction from Service desk to support IT and end user support Security Analyst (Contract) DYT Technologies - Houston, TX September 2016 to August 2017 • Ensure software is patched and able to protect from threats.  • Identified and evaluated potential threats and vulnerabilities  • Monitored live systems to discover real-time threats.  • Demonstrated effectiveness of security controls.  • Examined and evaluated computer software and hardware to uncover access attempts.  • Assessed incoming threats and developed plans to close loopholes.  • Performed risk assessments to help create optimal prevention and management plans.  • Maintained and tested corporate response plans. Desktop Support Technician (Contract) IBM - Houston, TX January 2015 to August 2016 • Troubleshoot Windows XP/7 system failures, implemented repair solutions, and diagnosed  printer and other peripheral device failures  • Ensured data integrity with good process and detected errors and misuses of data.  • Evaluated and modified standard practices of IT techniques as required to meet complex  challenges of hardware and software rollouts, imaging, system configurations, Virtual  Machines (VMWare, Oracle VM Virtual Box) patch management, group policies, and program  scripting (JAVA).  • Responsible for operating Remedy 8.1 ticketing software to track support requests in a timely  and accurate manner  • Windows Powershell 4.0  • Ensured data integrity and detected data errors and misuse.  • Extracted and transformed required data packages.  • Ensured availability and security for database in a production environment  (SELECT/UPDATE/JOIN)  • Maintained customer accounts including rights, permission, and systems groups using Active Service Desk Analyst (Contract) Sysco Foods Inc - Cypress, TX October 2014 to January 2015 • Support operational business systems by providing 1st and 2nd line IT support, utilizing a high standard of technical and customer service skills, knowledge and ability  • Used Remedy On Demand to log and Track ticket documentation  • Escalate unresolved calls to the infrastructure support team  • Take ownership of user problems and follow up the status of problems on behalf of the user  and communicate progress in a timely manner  • Act as a single point of contact for phone calls and emails from staff regarding IT issues and queries  • Setup/Troubleshoot Network Shares using various network authentication methods  • Review logs to find errors using Notepad++  • Use Network analysis tools (Wireshark) enable diagnosis of problems or allow exploration of all hardware on a computer network Service Desk Technician (Contract) IBM - Houston, TX March 2014 to October 2014 • Provide frontline customer and desktop support for Census Bureau employees.  • Troubleshoot Windows XP/7 system failures, implement repair solutions, and diagnose printer  and other peripheral device failures.  • Assist in system migration of 2,000 customers from Windows XP to Windows 7 OS.  • Evaluate and modify standard practices of IT techniques as required to meet complex  challenges of hardware and software rollouts, imaging, system configurations, anti-virus  applications, patch management, group policies, and program scripting.  • Responsible for operating Remedy 8.0 ticketing software to track support requests in a timely  and accurate manner.  • Configure computer equipment for employee use, to include performing or ensuring proper  installation of cable, operating systems, and appropriate software.  • Utilize SCCM 2007 to install and deploy software packages.  • Perform first level troubleshooting support for iPad and iPhone devices.  • Maintain customer accounts including rights, permission, and systems groups using Active  Directory. PC Technician (Contract) RSW - Houston, TX October 2013 to March 2014 • Configured Linux and Windows computers to Client Specifications  • Provide support for over 250+ users in a team setting.  • Documented inventory of PC and peripherals. CAE 2 Technical Support IP Repair Comcast - Houston, TX November 2013 to February 2014 • Leverages a variety of software applications to manage customer account information  • Diagnose and resolve technical difficulties on Cable, Internet and VoIP Phones.  • Solved TCP/IP problems using Virtualization software  • Used Ticket System to escalated and document issues IT Desktop Support Consultant (Contract) Shell - Houston, TX July 2013 to September 2013 • Enabled required data extract, transform, and load procedures and packages.  • Responsible for the development and maintenance of IT configuration related documentation  for the network  • Maintained virus protection, OS & service packs, general operations, and provided back-up  and disaster recovery  • Administered Mysql database installations and upgrades, performance monitoring and tuning, backup and recovery, space management, capacity planning and resource utilization.  • Develop data table structures, forms, reports, and queries.  • HTML 5, CSS, JavaScript/ECMAScript, SQL and relational database design Air Technician III (Contract) Total Safety - Houston, TX January 2013 to May 2013 ? Received, inspected, cleaned, serviced, reassembled and tested various SCBA (Self  Contained Breathing Apparatus) and other respiratory equipment and breathing air equipment in accordance with approved testing and service procedures    ? Conducted detailed visual inspections and system functional tests of various systems and equipment for the purpose of reporting any deficiencies and corrective action recommendations  to customer Technical Support Supervisor (Contract) Xerox - Houston, TX October 2012 to December 2012 • Respond to, handle and resolve customer inquiries.  • Provide customers with product and service information.  • Process orders, forms and applications.  • Identify and escalate customer issues. Handle customer billing questions Technical Specialist Hampton City Schools - Hampton, VA September 2011 to May 2012 • Analyze and check applications and supporting documents.  • Code and process applications into required electronic format.  • Scan documents into database.  • Audit on-line applications for accuracy and completeness.  • Load information onto prescribed databases Technical Support Verizon Wireless - Hanover, MD November 2010 to May 2011 • Troubleshoot hardware and software issues and identify network/applications issues.  • Provide detailed information on how to set up/configure data and voice products.  • Verify provisioning and diagnose device or Network issues.  • Troubleshoot for PC Operating systems, specifically Device Manager and TCP/IP  configuration.  • Use various administrative department tools and on-line resources for customer resolution.  • Use trouble ticket system for tracking customer interactions and problem resolution.  • Evaluate customers concerns and resolve problems to customer satisfaction. Intern Lehman Brothers - New York, NY June 2008 to August 2008 Helped IT Department by lending an extra hand in various projects to meet company  deadlines  • Handled 30+ technical/mission-critical calls daily and consistently met high service standards. Merchandiser Tech Coca Cola Enterprises - Seaford, VA June 2005 to August 2005 • On the Deskside Team. Help repair, configure handheld used by merchandisers.  • Installed programs and troubleshoot computers in the facility.  • Assisted in training and supervising new members of the Coca-Cola team Education Cybersecurity Management and Policy University of Maryland - Adelphi, MD 2006 to Present Kinesiology University of Maryland - College Park, MD 2003 to 2006 Skills Mysql, Css, Javascript, Bootstrap, Node.js, Php, Html5, jquery, Wordpress, Front End, HTML Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/84pcit Additional Information • HTML5, CSS  • Javascript, Node.JS, JQuery  • React, PHP, Bootstrap  • Wordpress, MySQL