Server/Waiter Server/Waiter IT Security Analyst Leeds, UT Known as a passionate, dependable and self-motivated individual with a love for learning and problem-solving. Effectively blends over 4 years' experience in customer and global service/support and 1 year in information/cyber security to provide exceptional feedback and support to improve internal processes, create positive user experiences and boost team performance. Proven ability of analyzing and resolving customer/internal issues as well as improvement of processes. Equipped with excellent communication and computer skills.    Skilled in world-class Customer Service, critical thinking in a fast paced environment, improving processes and directing change. Patient and empathetic, with an extensive background in conflict resolution and customer care. Dedicated to increasing efficiency under pressure and knowledge in a variety of skill sets. Evaluate team performance and effectiveness, areas of opportunity and recognition. Striving to accomplish goals that exceed expectation. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Server/Waiter Texas Roadhouse - Kingsport, TN November 2018 to Present Provided Guests with Legendary service and dining experience by always displaying a friendly attitude and extensive menu knowledge. Responsibilities included closing/opening restaurant, assisting other stores when understaffed, participating in side work and assisting coworkers to ensure a smooth workplace. IT Security Analyst Apple - Sunnyvale, CA January 2018 to Present Provides insight from an information security/data privacy perspective as to the risks associated with a relationship to a third-party by assessing their security controls. Supports Role Based Network Access (RBNA) by validating third-party requests to access Apple networks. Worked closely with business teams to identify timelines, project goals, and customer needs.    Adept at handling highly confidential and/or sensitive information, investigating potential/current issues and taking independent action to ensure Apple information security policies are incorporated into agreements with third-parties, vendors, suppliers.    Successfully interpreted and validated data to identify key metrics, draw conclusions, then implement changes designed to improve processes. Worked alongside teams to create, organize and edit content for a re-iteration of Apple webpages with an eye for user-friendly formatting and clear, concise content.    Power user of Excel Spreadsheet, Microsoft Word, Pages, Numbers, and Keynote to track and analyze data and improve processes.     -Contribute information and feedback to business teams regarding information security language in contracts  -Conduct risk assessment of software, services, application, in relation to network access, data transfer and information security controls   -Obtain, validate and record data in internal database; provide recommendations and support to implement changes to the database Customer Support Representative/Assistant Team Lead Younique - Lehi, UT July 2016 to January 2018 Trained extensively on rapport, customer/Presenter email correspondence, as well as IM and Facebook Live Message communications.    Advanced from new-hire agent to a Tier III agent through studying and hands on experience, leading up to performance evaluations by a Team Lead and Manager.     Received increases in wages following having scored above accepted threshold of exams, and maintaining metrics for the required period of time.     Mentored colleagues and assumed position of Assistant Team Lead. This position entailed relaying crucial updates on policies to agents, providing expert guidance on resolving issues, monitoring of a team’s Working Rate (WR%) as well as 7 individual Agents' stats. Compiled end of shift reports for Team Lead and Manager, inclusive of Agent stats, updates and notes.    Recognized by Manager at a department meeting for mentoring and positively affecting the team's performance.    Further developed proficiency in systems such as:  -Salesforce CRM  -Help Desk Software  -Microsoft Office Word, Teams and Outlook  -Clearview business intelligence  -InContact cloud software Car Wash Attendant/Shift Manager Gorilla Car Wash - Lehi, UT February 2016 to August 2016 Responsibilities included: unlocking/locking up offices, activating Kiosks, maintaining and operating workplace machinery, as well as replenishing all products.     Supervised, trained and delegated responsibilities among new employees. Received raise in wages in conjunction with additional responsibility of organizing shift schedules for a team of 12 employees. Retail Sales Representative Kid-to-Kid - Lehi, UT March 2015 to February 2016 Worked meticulously in evaluating the quality of pre-owned thrift apparel, toys and infant accessories. Developed efficient process to sort new inventory brought in by customers, calculated the value of the items to be bought and assisted local charities in the pick-up of donations consisting of the lower quality items. Established personable and crucial service as a cashier to both vendors of pre-owned apparel and customers.     Priced, tagged and arranged apparel to ensure quality presentation and positive customer experience. Trained new employees in processes, oversaw team performance and closing of the store. Assisted in the onboarding and training of employees. Cashier, Inventory 7-Eleven - Lehi, UT June 2015 to December 2015 Cashier/Barista Great Harvest Bread Co - Lehi, UT March 2014 to January 2015 Retail Sales Representative/Cashier Vans Outlet - Lehi, UT August 2013 to February 2014 Education High School Diploma Lehi High School Skills Communications (5 years), Customer Service (4 years), Troubleshooting (4 years), Microsoft Excel, Word (4 years), Networking (3 years), Cyber Security, Information Security, fast learner, Server Certifications/Licenses TABC Additional Information ? Exceptional written and verbal communication  ? Quick and Attentive Learner  ? Dedicated to team and individual success