Department Head, Computer Forensics and Technological Investigations Department Head, Computer Forensics and Technological Investigations Department Head, Computer Forensics and Technological Investigations Bloomington, IN Work Experience Department Head, Computer Forensics and Technological Investigations Banco de Crédito del Perú - BCP (Credicorp Ltd., NYSE:BAP) - Lima, Lima June 2009 to July 2012 • Conducted investigations of high-tech fraud schemes involving computer systems and electronic banking channels; effectively mitigated the risk of potential losses nearing $30M.    • Managed a team of five senior analysts which formulated a project to reduce the detection time of fraudulent insider activity; project was awarded a budget of $600,000 for implementation.    • Led a cross-functional team charged with investigating a fraud case involving a top supplier;  managed to get a 100% indemnification, and prevented losses of more than $10M.    • Created the Department of Computer Forensics and implemented the first in-house computer forensics laboratory among financial institutions in Peru. Security Analyst, IT Infrastructure Banco de Crédito del Perú - BCP (Credicorp Ltd., NYSE:BAP) - Lima, Lima March 2007 to May 2009 • Conducted "Ethical Hacking" and security penetration testing evaluations involving 100% percent of the IT infrastructure across BCP and its 5 national and international subsidiaries.    • Designed and coded software to automate the analysis of information collected in security tests; saved nearly 65 man-hours per project, and increased accuracy rates by 75%.    • Automated the process to deploy security configuration settings for corporate UNIX servers to comply with Sarbanes-Oxley IT security requirements resulting in 60% improved efficiency.    • Redesigned the patch management process for more than 14,000 computers and 400 servers running on Microsoft Windows platforms; increasing the effectiveness rate from 67% to nearly 95%. Education M.B.A. in Management and Business Analytics Kelley School of Business, Indiana University - Bloomington, IN 2012 to 2014 BS in Information Systems Universidad Peruana de Ciencias Aplicadas - UPC - Lima, Lima 2007 Skills MS Excel/Solver modeling, IBM SPSS Modeler, Palisade StatTools, MS PowerPoint, UNIX and GNU/Linux administration and security, Spanish language (native speaker). Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/miguelbecerrarivas/en Awards Qualitas Award, Banco de Crédito del Perú (Credicorp Ltd.) 2010-03 The Qualitas award is the most important recognition given by Credicorp Ltd. to employees committed to excellence, team work and professional integrity.