IT Support Technician III <span class="hl">IT</span> Support Technician III IT Support Technician III Durham, NC Skilled IT Professional with strong communications background seeking full-time or part time employment with experience in Administration, Help Desk, Desk-Side service, IT Security, Incident Response, Penetration testing, Digital Forensics, and IT consultation. Work Experience IT Support Technician III Oso Home Care-Irvine September 2016 to November 2016 • Rebuilt entire Active Directory OU, group membership, and distribution groups.  • Built a Windows Deployment server with Microsoft deployment toolkit, deploying thin images across the network  • Built a print server in Server 2008 R2 and began the printer migration project  • Supported 200 users daily, via desk side, telephone, and remote desktop.  • Lead project to switch to Microsoft 365, from Office 2010  • Supported CPR+, managing users, permissions, and updates  • Created GPO to map printers, network drives, and other policies  • Lead project to upgrade old workstations including: discovering all XP, 32-bit, and 4GB ram systems, and replacing them with new Windows 7 workstations.  • Automated all software installations with AutoIT, and powershell.  • Assisted in manual deployment of Trend Micro Worry Free Business security to 200+ machines  • Closed an average of 5-6 tickets a day in OSTicket  • Audited AD, CPR+, Exchange for improperly configured users, ensuring HIPAA Compliance.  • Created a website blacklist to enforce URL Filtering via Trend Micro Robert Half Technology- Irvine May 2016 to September 2016 May 2016 - September 2016  Salaried Professional.  • Configured and deployed LANDESK Helpdesk, Patch Management, and Inventory Management.  • Managed all inventory and hardware purchasing performing weekly audits to ensure zero downtime.  • Supported over 1,200 employees through Spiceworks helpdesk, in both local and remote environment using LogMeIn.  • Administrated all mobile device purchasing and deployment using Cisco Meraki.  • Managed licenses for multiple software solutions including: AutoCAD, Adobe, Microsoft Office, Shoretel, Sophos, VIPRE, LogMeIn, and Bluebeam.  • Lead project to have AV upgraded in training centers and board rooms which included: selecting the correct AV Vendor, working with CEO and CFO to address pain points, then finally working with the vendor in deployment.  • Managed patches for the entire environment through LANDESK, selecting which patches to deploy, creating test groups, and enterprise wide deployment.  • Administrated anti-virus protection company wide using Sophos web management and VIPRE.  • Lead project to move 80+ remote machines onto the domain.  • Uncovered multiple high impact security misconfigurations on company accounting software, helping stem data loss.  • Engaged in hardening systems against Cryptolocker virus infections.  • Performed incident response to infected machines on the network to limit downtime.  • Supported users in office 365, 2016, 2013, and 2010.  • Enforced web monitoring solutions to engage in preemptive defense against viruses.  • Introduced policies to reduce unauthorized data extraction.  • Helped company stay ahead of attacks by researching and deploying fixes, patches, and best practices for security software.  • Assisted in restoring the image of the IT department by working on communication, time responses, and following up.  • Assisted in project to upgrade windows 7 machines to windows 10.  • Administrated and maintained Shoretel phone system, company wide, resolving a long standing problem with connectivity between two sites.  • Trained other users in best practices to ensure integrity of company networks.  • Audited all ISP connections and contracts to help increase saving and eliminate outdated connections.  • Vendor management and point of contact for VoIP phones, Mobile phones and tablets, and new projects.  • Reimaged machines and deployed new ones to assist in user productivity. Systems Administrator First Direct Lending LLC - Irvine, CA February 2016 to April 2016 • Administrated Shoretel, AD, Exchange 365, Office365, Lync, Velocify, and Sales Exec.  • Sole support for 200 users daily, both local and remote, closing 40+ tickets per day in a fast paced mortgage company.  • Active Directory - sole contact for all AD changes including off boarding and onboarding process.  • Administrated Trend Mirco Business Security, enforcing URL monitoring, log generation and auditing, and anti-virus deployment.  • Wrote documentation for the entire onboarding and off boarding process, over 200 pages.  • Setup a small call center in Utah from ground up including upgrading and deploying 15 mini pc's, monitors, and wiring.  • Supported users in local, and virtualized environments running Windows 7, 8, and 10.  • Supported all servers from windows 2008-2012.  • Supported users in office 2013, and 365.  • Lead forensic investigation to track down source of Cryto-wall virus.  • Implemented and Administrated FreshService HelpDesk software for the entire company.  • Created golden images for all computers in the environment with Maxium Reflect, and deployed over 100 computers.  • Assured compliance work mortgage industry standards through password policy, automatic screen locking, and device encryption.  • Installed and configured UPS for several offsite locations.  • Assisted with High-5 video conferencing installations and support.  • Performed complete inventory audit for all technology in the company.  • Administrated Lansweeper to maintain control of company assets.  • Administrated Naigos to keep track of critical infrastructure such as servers, switches, and firewalls.  • Assisted in project to develop a mini-pc solution for a remote site including performing all research and generating a test plan, and leading change control.  • Cracked down on illegal usage of company bandwidth for peer-to-peer, pornography, and illegal drug websites.  • Managed all doors and security access badges with Sonitrol for all users in the company.  • Wrote scripts to automate account process with Powershell.  • Supported virtual machines with Vmware V-sphere.  • Created software repository on local hard drives.  • Supported VIP users with White Glove support, assuring that there every need was met.  • Lead project to find and deploy the best ticketing system for the company.  • Deployed GPO policies in order to ensure compliance.  • Organized all employee moves and transfers.  • Assured complete data redundancy with Sugar Sync.  • Deployed VOIP phones with Panasonic, Shoretel and Cisco models. Service Desk Analyst and Forensics Specialist, Contract Vaco - Garden Grove, CA October 2015 to February 2016 position  • Supported 500 Internal Users in ServiceNow - closing around 35 tickets per day.  • Functioned as level/tier 1-2 support. Regional Lead Technician, Contract States Logistics - Buena Park, CA June 2015 to September 2015 position  • Supported 100-200 Internal Users - Closing around 25 tickets per day - 400 External Users.  • Supported users with Office 2003, 2007, 2010, 2013, 365.  • Functioned as level/tier 1 support.  • Supported VOIP phones - company wide.  • Assisted users with database SQL integration into excel.  • AD - Set up new user accounts, desktops and phones.  • Performed Virus Removal on user computers and devices.  • Supported users within Windows XP/Vista/7/8, Terminal Services on Server 2008 and 2013.  • Supported FedEx Ship Manager, GSO, and UPS World Ship.  • Executed a security audit for the company network detailing design flaws, vulnerabilities, and designed solutions.  • Established security policy for all company hiring kiosks, allowing secure access to unreachable hiring pools.  • Organized a process to guarantee secure data deletion reducing corporate fraud and identify theft.  • Integrated an alert and reminder solution for IS technicians, increasing ticket closure rate by 43%.  • Wrote and implemented an automated new asset approval ticket type for the helpdesk software, decreasing the delay for new resources by 62%.  • Directed a companywide E-waste to save thousands of dollars and reduce the company footprint by .6%.  • Implemented a maintenance plan for region 2 facilities and equipment, adding years to the life of company technology.  • Introduced a mechanism to accurately predict the necessary cost of upgrading current hardware and software, saving hundreds of hours in labor.  • Coordinated a project to switch an offsite facility over to VDI, securing employee access to mission critical information.  • Built scripts in PowerShell and AutoIT to automate common process reducing weekly maintenance hours by 52%.  • Orchestrated user training programs to reduce excess ticket requests and increase overall productivity by 9%.  • Authored 23 different FAQ and KB articles to streamline common projects. Lead Technician and Digital Forensics Specialist, Contract Jace Computers - Long Beach, CA February 2015 to June 2015 position  • Closing about 30-40 tickets/issues per day when doing remote support as well as multiple site projects or desktop support when in the field - split time about 50/50 between the two  • Clientele was mostly healthcare - dermatologists, nursing homes, doctors' offices and a lot of small business support, such as real estate offices, law firms, salons and developers.  • Functioned as level/tier 1-3 support.  • Standardized company hardware and software purchases.  • Subject Matter Expert (SME) for Kaspersky, TeamViewer, and Malwarebytes  • Advised on client hardware and software purchasing.  • Average number of users would range from 5-400 per site or client but mostly between 15-40 users  • Assisted users via phone, field work, remote desktop and desk side assistance  • Imaged and Installed hundreds of Client Desktops and Laptops  • Supported users on windows XP/7/8/Vista  • Supported MS Server 2008/2012  • Installed/Configured/Supported VOIP Phones for Clients  • Performed advanced virus and rootkit removal on client systems with Kaspersky, NOD32 and Sophos  • Mac OSX, iPhone OS, Android, BlackBerry and all types of Tablets  • Had admin rights to over 400 client networks and Audit Active Directory and GPO for several client networks  • Supported Office 2000, 2003, 2007, 2010, 2013, 365  • Performed incident response on a compromised network, and deployed mitigation strategies saving the client from unnecessary legal fees.  • Recovered thousands of dollars of sensitive information that was accidently deleted.  • Eliminated employee waste of client time by deploying network monitoring software, saving the client 60k annually.  • Developed and secured virtualized servers, allowing the client to decrease server cost by 71%.  • Reduced client downtime by 86% through remote support, and desk side assistance.  • Pioneered a new source of income for Jace computers through intensive R&D in digital forensics.  • Increased revenue by $2,000 to Jace computers by identifying additional issues within client networks.  • Engineered and installed dozens of office and small enterprise networks securing 100% client uptime.  • Installed metric analysis software to create network metrics and monitor suspicious network activity, decreasing troubleshooting time by 34%.  • Analyzed network, firewall, and system logs to prevent penetration of client networks. In Pursuit of Bachelors at Biola University September 2013 to December 2014 Computer Technician and Security Expert Stillvoice PC Services - Moreno Valley, CA January 2009 to September 2013 • Designed customized software and hardware solutions to fit client needs, saving hundreds of dollars per project.  • Administrated over 200 client networks.  • Functioned as level 1-3 support.  • Standardized all company and client software purchases.  • Subject Matter Expert (SME) for all client software including: excel, word, outlook, anti-virus, forensic, and media software.  • Advised on client hardware and software purchasing.  • Clients were largely end user and home office, with some small business of law firms, tax offices, and bike shops.  • Achieved 95% customer satisfaction throughout 4 years of service  • Supported users in Windows 95/98/XP/Vista/7, and Mac OSX  • Conducted penetration tests on client networks, identifying key vulnerabilities designing solutions.  • Spearheaded a creative marketing strategy to increase revenue by 10%.  • Oversaw incident response for a client's network, and created solutions for problematic software/hardware, decreasing downtime by 48%.  • Engineered hundreds of home office and consumer networks dramatically increasing client productivity.  • Conducted penetration testing on a clients network, system, and firewall logs to determine potential threats, saving clients thousands.  • Incorporated digital forensics into all incident response projects, identifying potential APTS.  • Lead incident response project to help clients recover from attacks.  • Performed vulnerability and risk assessment on client networks to prepare for potential attacks.  • Recovered lost data using Test Disk and Foremost, saving vital data and a client's first draft of a book.  • Taught classes on computer education for students and clients employees.  • Developed best practices policies for both security and system use for clients, saving clients thousands of dollars. workgroups, workflow groups, account maintenance and creation/deletion in ShoreTel Director 2010 to 2013 • Supported users with Office 2007, 2010,2013, 365.  • Active Directory- Responsible for configuring security groups, user accounts, groups, and hardware.  • Supported users in a fully virtualized Windows 7 environment using Citrix XenApp and XenDesktop.  • Administered Shoretel VOIP phones company wide and configured hunt groups, workgroups, workflow groups, account maintenance and creation/deletion in ShoreTel Director.  • Assured HIPAA compliance using TrueCrypt on mobile devices.  • Assured HIPAA compliance by managing email encryption and PGP key storage, using Symantec PGP Desktop.  • Assured HIPAA compliance by conducting an investigation into stolen company data using Autopsy Forensics, and Palo Alto reports.  • Assured HIPAA compliance for mobile devices by establishing remote wipe and reset capabilities using Merkai.  • Audited company network to remove all XP and older machines to ensure HIPPA compliance.  • Secured and encrypted ERN and other medical files to ensure HIPPA compliance.  • Managed ticket work flow and first contact companywide with Service Now.  • Administrated Exchange 2010, configuring distribution lists, workgroups, shared mailboxes, and user permissions.  • Administrated users in a BYOD environment using Cisco Meraki MDM to remotely manage and control all mobile devices.  • Supported users in a HP Thin Client environment as well as laptops and desktops.  • Supported local, remote, and external users each day.  • Supported users in Windows XP, 7, 7 Embedded, 8, and OSX.  • Supported users in specialized pharmacist software using CPR+ and QS/1.  • Supported BI and BA with MS Access, Visio Studio, and MS SQL Manager.  • Installed and supported over 200 laptops, desktops, and thin clients.  • Secured users accounts for remote work using Global Protect VPN, Palo Alto firewall and Citrix XenDesktop.  • Created and enforced spam blacklists with Control Mail spam filtering and GFI.  • Assisted in responding to APT attacks through email phishing.  • Discovered and remedied several critical vulnerabilities in Citrix XenServer and IIS configuration.  • Implemented defenses against Crypto-Wall virus, saving the company thousands in ransom money.  • Lead the forensics and incident response projects to mitigate and prevent cyber-attacks.  • Provided white glove support to executives at corporate.  • Provided desk side and remote support using ScreenConnect, TeamViewer, and MS RDP.  • Designed scripts to automate software removal and installation, track company assets, and discover information for inventory - in powershell and bash.  • Supported over 500 users in Retarus and Faxsolutions.  • Assisted users in GoToMetting, Skype, and ScreenConnect video conferences.  • Standardized user hardware purchasing in order to reduce number of extraneous tickets.  • Standardized all user peripheral and software purchasing.  • Standardized ServiceNow ticket flow to streamline ticket requests and decrease ticket closure time.  • Supported FedEx Ship Manager, GSO, and UPS World Ship.  • Managed networked file and folder share permissions with Active Directory.  • Developed material to lead IT orientation of new hires.  • Sole point of contact for all new hire/dismissal process.  • Prepared and configured all new users' hardware and worksite equipment.  • Supported users with customized barcode and scanning equipment.  • Supported networked and local printers including HP, Dell, Konica, Zebra, and Brother.  • Generated reports, call maps, and call configuration of Shoretel phones using Bright Metrics.  • Implemented best practices for ergonomic usage of workstations to reduce employee pain and increase productivity.  • Authored documentation and Knowledge Base articles for over 30 common issues within the company.  • Organized the moving of 150 users and hardware from two different buildings.  • Assisted in a manual inventory of all IT assets. Administrated Office 2007 2010 to 2010 365, and MS Exchange 2007  • Assisted in move of physical machines to Vsphere, as well as maintained 12 virtual servers in Vsphere 5.  • Maintained server 2003, 2008 R2, MSSQL, and Ubuntu 10.04.  • Supported users in Windows XP, Windows 7, and Windows 10  • Supported users in Spark chat application to ensure communication across the company  • Supported FreePBX users with Aastra VOIP phones, responsible for managing users, and decrease latency  • maintained complete backups with Acronis Backup, and Backup Assist to ensure HIPPA Compliance  • Implemented numerous policies to follow HIPPA guidelines such as: data encryption, password complexity and reuse, patch management, and security audits.  • Discovered multiple critical misconfigurations in business essential software and reported them.  • Assisted in recabling three offices by testing terminations, installing switches, patch panels inside new racks, and moving previous infrastructure over.  • Assisted in spinning up the server and infrastructure in the Colocation center  • Assisted in deploying and physical moving the Nutanix servers.  • Assisted in hiring new employees, and in purchasing new accounting software.  • Responsible for onboarding and off boarding all new employees.  • Moved two offices entire staff, workstations, and desks to a new suite.  • Performed virus removal and damage recovery from cryptolocker.  • Mapped out a complete GPO overhaul to ensure compliance with HIPPA, system safety, and best performance. Education Duke Divinity School - Durham, NC May 2019 Bachelors of Arts in Humanities in Philosophy Biola University - Los Angeles, CA December 2014 Skills ACTIVE DIRECTORY, EXCHANGE, Windows Server 2008 (2 years), Microsoft office (8 years) Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/jonathan-wasson-302061ab Additional Information SKILLS AND HIGHLIGHTS    Systems: Windows XP, 7, windows 7 embedded, 8, 10 Server 2003, 2008 R2, 2012, Mac OSX+, iOS, BlackBerry - Ubuntu 8.04+, Backtrack/Kali, Linux Mint, Apache, and Android.  Administration Software: MS Office, Exchange 2007, 2010, Active Directory, IIS, GPO, MS SQL, My SQL, Fortinet, Acronis Enterprise, Norton Ghost, Shoretel Director/communicator, Bright Metrics, Cisco Meraki MDM, MS Access, Visio, Maxium Reflect, SugarSync, Panasonic, LANDESK, Spiceworks, Backup Assist  Virtualization Software: Citrix XenApp, XenDesk, XenServer, Citrix Receiver, VMWare Workstation, Vsphere 5 VirtualBox, and Hyper-V  Service Desk Software: Solar Winds Web Help Desk, Service Now, DameWare, Screen Connect, TeamViewer, LogMeIn, LANDESK  Security Software: Sophos, Symantec, Kaspersky, NOD32, McAfee, TrendMirco, Spiceworks, VIPRE, Palo Alto Networks Firewall, Global Protect VPN, Control Mail Spam filtering, TruCrypt, PGP Desktop, Sonitrol.  Industry Specific Software: CPR+, QS/1, Sage, RockPound, Medicaid Easy Remit, Retarus, DocuTrack, Zan Image Printing, FedEx Ship Manager, Ship GSO, UPS World Ship, Velocify, Click point/ Sales Exec, Encompass, SnagIT, QuarterMaster, Ring Central EFax, Pandora Music Station.  Forensics Software: Aircrack-ng,TestDisk, Votality, Bulk-extractor, foremost, Autopsy, SluethKit, WireShark, Nmap, Nessus, BurpSuite, Metasploit, TCPDump, Network Miner, Snort, Nexpose, Qualys, SET toolkit, BRO, Rapid7, ZAP, Mobile Light  Languages: HTML/CSS, JavaScript, PHP, Bash, AutoIT, PowerShell, VBS.  Protocols: DNS, DHCP, TCP/IP, FTP, SSL, SMTP, SSH, IMAP, ARP, RDP, TLS, SNMP, 802.11a-ac, HTTP, SIP.