Cyber/System Administrator Cyber/System Administrator Cyber/System Administrator - Insight Engineering Solutions Newark, DE ? Strong experience managing server infrastructures and data-center operations across various platforms. Effectively install, plan, optimize and configure IT infrastructures to achieve high availability and performance  ? Proven ability to create and deliver solutions tied to business growth, organizational development and systems/network optimization. Expert problem identifier and troubleshooter skilled in managing systems in a range of IT environments  ? Quickly learn and master new technology; equally successful in both team and self-directed settings; and proficient in a range of computer systems, languages, tools and testing methodologies  ? Detail-oriented and motivated to drive projects from start to finish as part of a dynamic team or working individually  ? Proficiently monitor, evaluate and enhance IT infrastructure with an emphasis on availability, reliability, scalability, security, data confidentiality and system integrity  ? Proactively took measures to combat and reduce security threats, boost system reliability, and minimize unnecessary expenditures  ? Maintains a high level of professionalism, patience, and efficiency to minimize customer dissatisfaction and increase customer loyalty  ? Excellent communicator with the ability to relay technical information in clear/simple terms to clients and non-technical staff. Adept at building strong working relationships with co-workers and management Work Experience Cyber/System Administrator Insight Engineering Solutions October 2018 to Present Ensure that all server operating systems, hardware, software and procedures align with organizational standards and strategic business plan.  ? Troubleshoot advanced systems /network issues; consistently earned 100% issue-resolution scores by providing excellent service to clients and management.  ? Proficient in performing network operations including log-in procedures, permissions, network management software, security and use of the software.  ? Determine system problems with the network or hardware/software components by running diagnosis, trying solutions and upgrading devices when necessary.  ? Develop and implement a security baseline policy & documentation procedure.  ? Ensure data/media recoverability by implementing a schedule of system backups and database archive operations.  ? Monitor systems and maintain security protocols.  ? Perform network scans using ACAS in order to determine vulnerabilities of servers.  ? Consistently check for updated software, McAfee files, and other required items required for importing into systems.  ? Performed preventive maintenance, patch maintenance, software/hardware upgrades, and firmware upgrades. Field Software Service Engineer Insight Engineering Solutions April 2018 to October 2018 Log/resolve Tier 1 Help Desk issues regarding login issues, administrative account provisioning and error messages via calls, emails and voicemails  ? Quality assurance support testing in application via Excel spreadsheet scripts  ? Utilize products in place (SharePoint, Atlassian JIRA and Confluence) to monitor problems discovered within application  ? Work closely with Tier 2 and other project team members to troubleshoot escalated issues  ? Listens and accurately record all problems in the ticket support tracking system 91 J Quartermaster & Chemical Repairer Pennsylvania Army National Guard - Philadelphia, PA July 2010 to July 2018 Maintain and repair electrical/fuel heater systems, pumps, decontamination systems, protective filter systems, reverse osmosis water purification systems, laundry washer/extractor systems and dryer/tumbler systems.  ? Service internal combustion engine ignition/fuel/cooling/electrical systems.  ? Perform damage assessment and repair. System Administrator Main Line Health - Tredyffrin, PA February 2018 to April 2018 Responsible for e-mail system and Internet Information Server; met employee and customer needs 24/7  ? Diagnosed and resolved tier II/III technical issues related to hardware and software. Supported all LAN, WAN and other networking systems.  ? Configure user (both new hires and terminations) access to network security  ? Developed and updated knowledge-based articles, appraising users and administrators of vital information IT Security Analyst Main Line Health - Tredyffrin, PA February 2017 to February 2018 Establish, maintain and monitor all log-on identifications and access rules, defining specific access to assigned application in accordance with all MLH security policies, guidelines and standards.  ? Supported, diagnosed, troubleshoot and resolved clients' issues by performing software/hardware maintenance, installations, and upgrades.  ? Maintain current knowledge, understanding, and awareness of application security functionality, system maintenance and changes, and associated risks.  ? Communicated thoroughly with management and customers, enabling effective information exchange and efficient process management.  ? Evaluate system vulnerabilities and determine/recommend safeguards.  ? Administered upgrades, repairs and completed configuration of PC's and related peripherals.  ? Monitor Help Desk tickets for assigned applications. Work through problem resolution process, and notification to user of resolution. Account Management Specialist DaVita - Malvern, PA July 2015 to February 2017 Orchestrate technical support for staff and customers at a network of dialysis centers.  ? Set up user accounts, provide secure application access and staff training. Maintain cloud-based ServiceNow system.  ? Detect and resolve defects in the system, creating overall improvement in speed and efficiency. Resolve user complaints promptly, with dedication to customer service.  ? Manage user rights and privileges to accommodate the unique and varying requirements for more than 100 employees with different levels of access.  ? Carry out accurate audits to ensure corporate compliance. Support Integration Analyst DaVita - Malvern, PA July 2014 to July 2015 Provided technical support and I.T. trouble-shooting services for new clinical software.  ? Handled promptly and responsively a large volume of customer-service inquiries.  ? Developed and circulated detailed documentation in the form of Job and Training Aides.  ? Demonstrated mastery of the ServiceNow platform: Trained help-desk employees; tracked and resolved trouble-shooting tickets.  ? Carry out accurate audits to ensure corporate compliance. PC Technician Comcast June 2014 to July 2014 Successfully carried out a two-month contract to install Virtual Desktops on a large number of new employee workstations.  ? Reimaged desktops to Windows 7, installed video cards, and performed general I.T. trouble-shooting duties. DATA View Inc - Malvern, PA August 2012 to May 2013 Followed scripts to test and debug newly designed sophisticated software.  ? Used Trac System to log incidents and flag requests to address defects in the software.  ? Provided information packets and briefings to the sales force, and then to users via in-person visits to schools served by the contract Education B.S in Computer and Information Management Neumann University - Aston, PA August 2008 to May 2013 Skills customer service. (1 year), documentation (1 year), RECEPTIONIST (1 year), security (1 year), technical support (2 years), Active Directory, System Administrator Military Service Branch: United States National Guard Rank: E-4 Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  Cyber Security: ACAS, HBSS, LogRhythm, EPolicy orchestrator, Vulnerability Scanning, Risk Management Framework  Networking: Windows NT 4.0, Windows 2000, DHCP and TCP/IP protocol, Outlook Exchange, Active Directory, LAN/WAN, Virtual Networking, Mobile devices, Citrix Remote Access, RDP  Operating Systems: Windows (95, 98, 2000, NT 4.0, XP, Vista, 7, 8, 10) Linux, Apple Mac OS X  Software: VMware, Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Access, Windows NT/98/95, word processing, spreadsheets, database management, Visio, Adobe, Skype, Same time, Cisco AnyConnect, Kasaya, STIG DISA IASE, Microsoft Exchange, Office 365, InfoBlox, Splunk, Vsphere, Bomgar, Azure, Altiris, Proof Point, Power Shell, Crystal Reports, Oracle  Ticketing: ServiceNow, Remedy, Kasaya, Solar winds, Button  Anti-virus: Kaspersky, MacAfee, Norton, Kasaya, AVG, Web Root    CORE COMPETENCIES  ? Technical Support  ? Team Collaboration  ? Customer Service & Relations Development  ? Workflow Planning  ? Configuration & Upgrading  ? Rapid Ticket Response  ? Firewalls and Security  ? Detailed Documentation  ? Project Management  ? Troubleshooting & Repairs  ? Backups & Recovery  ? Cyber Security  ? Vulnerability Patching  ? Vulnerability Scanning  ? Vulnerability Tools  ? Active Directory