PeopleSoft Security Administrator PeopleSoft <span class="hl">Security</span> Administrator PeopleSoft Security Administrator - Paradyme Solutions Leesburg, VA Work Experience PeopleSoft Security Administrator Paradyme Solutions February 2019 to Present Department of State - Secret Clearance    • Process new User Access and account deactivation requests.  • Provide User Audits.  • Follow established procedures to provide phone, email, web, and in-person support to users in the areas of desktop applications for all types of computer systems, and applications.  • Possess good communication skills to interface with users that are requesting help.  • Able to communicate technical concepts to non-technical persons.  • Able to communicate with individuals whose first language may not be English.  • Serve as the point of contact for troubleshooting system access, account access and application software. Conduct initial triage and route for further processing as necessary.  • Build trusted relationships and influence decision making.  • Resources demonstrate a broad knowledge of a technical/functional discipline and apply extensive expertise as a generalist. Access Manager PenFed Pentagon Federal Credit Union November 2017 to January 2019 • Accessed issues and provide basic desktop application support. Referred more complex problems to appropriate IT department.  • Recorded all information associated with incidents, problems and/or requests in the Service Desk ticketing system in an accurate and timely manner.  • Maintained a high level of familiarity with PenFed systems and services in order to accurately document incidents, provide support, and escalate appropriately as needed.  • Provided input regarding Service Desk team documentation, including access control activities.  • Protected PenFed data by adhering to established procedures while administering security access for numerous PenFed systems utilizing access control software including:  - Active Directory /LDAP open systems access controls  - Mainframe access controls - RACF & VM/LDAP  - Application level access controls  - External 3rd party systems  - Authentication software (Two factor authentication)  - Privileged access management/control systems and password vaults  • Supported internal and external personnel with security reviews.  • Provided training and mentoring for Service Desk staff. Proprietary Systems Specialist II CACI International Inc July 2015 to November 2017 Department of Homeland Security - Public Trust    • Oversee and ensure trouble tickets are handled correctly and timely within Remedy ticketing system.  • Point of contact for VIP users, offering direct support for Directors and Chiefs.  • Provide tier II remote support for urgent issues that require immediate assistance and resolution.  • Duties also include creating and maintaining system rights within Active Directory, provide network access, extensive Outlook mailbox assistance, unlocking workstations and equipment, applying updates as well as troubleshooting of end user issues for escalation.  • Create LAN/PAR accounts for Federal and Contractor employees. Advanced Analyst Systems and Integration Inc November 2014 to July 2015 Department of Homeland Security - Public Trust    • Primary point of contact in the absence of a supervisor and floor lead in any event requiring an evacuation.  • Trained new employees on incident response and incident management procedures.  • Documented and report daily activities, and communicated with upper management and staff members to reach organizational and business goals.  • Troubleshot, escalated, and monitored network, software, hardware, and security related incidents.  • Managed high priority and VIP incidents from point of occurrence to resolution.  • Provided technical support to end users through knowledge of a broad selection of software applications including Remote Assistance, Active Directory, Remedy Viper BMC tool, Nims, Tivoli software, Microsoft Office (to include Outlook), E-messaging, and Internet/Intranet applications.  • Troubleshot VPN clients, routers, switches, firewalls, and access points of various kinds. IT Analyst NOVA Medical Group July 2012 to November 2014 • Organized and compiled large and varied healthcare data sets.  • Analyzed data to assist in delivering optimal healthcare management and decision making.  • Used healthcare data to achieve administrative needs and goals.  • Pushed software updates to applications, such as UroChart and AllScript EMR software.  • Analyzed healthcare data to optimize business operations and communicating their findings through the use of data visualization and detailed reports.  • Investigated data to find patterns and trends.  • Utilized different data sources for analyses.  • Converted data into usable information that is easy to understand.  • Developed reports (including diagram) and presentations.  • Communicated analytic insights to management. Education Associate Skills Active directory, Exchange, Remedy, Sharepoint, Splunk, Sql server, Sql server 2005, Sql, Backup exec, Hogan, Service desk, Windows 7, Maintenance, Printers