JUNIOR IT SECURITY ANALYST INTERN JUNIOR <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">SECURITY</span> <span class="hl">ANALYST</span> INTERN JUNIOR IT SECURITY ANALYST INTERN - ALCHEMY SECURITY Denver, CO Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience JUNIOR IT SECURITY ANALYST INTERN ALCHEMY SECURITY - Denver, CO October 2017 to Present Developed a proficiency in threat hunting and worked collaboratively with analysts on internal Splunk apps and dashboards. Provided overall support to the VSOC by managing email and case log with clients, analyzing critical alerts,  conducting routine health checks on systems, and helping create and work on internal projects in Splunk. Notable  achievements:  • Developed core components of Splunk project investigation dashboard to improve company efficiency and accuracy when responding to incoming alarms.  • Wrote internal documentation on structured hunting practices and processes that the company will implement  in future processes.  • Conducted consistent and accurate analysis on incoming critical level alarms and triage according to investigation procedures. IT HELPDESK PHONE AGENT OSU IT - Stillwater, OK January 2017 to May 2017 Provided first-level technology support for faculty members, support staff, and students across 11 of Oklahoma States' and associated A&M campuses as an undergraduate in an effort to further develop my IT skills. Managed incoming  tickets and phone calls and provided accurate service to ensure customer satisfaction. Notable achievements:  • Managed customer tickets, documented inquiries and exhibited excellent customer service and followed-up  with customers to ensure all issues were processed and tracked.  • Followed guidelines, responded to faculty and staff inquiries concerning access requests and status of tickets.  • Assisted Customers with inquires, over the phone and email, solved issues and escalated when appropriate. VARIOUS POSITIONS WALMART - Broken Arrow, OK May 2011 to January 2017 Hired as a cashier and promoted to customer service representative while studying as an undergraduate. Upon  promotion, learned and followed proper procedure and company legal standards while enhancing my customer service  skills in the Customer Service & Money Center. Notable achievements:  • Maintained Money Center by following company procedures, utilizing equipment appropriately, and completing and retaining paperwork.  • Provided services to customers, such as cashing checks, paying various bills, and sending and receiving money  through Money Gram services, both domestic and international.  • Problem-solved and provided customer support by processing returns and exchanges. Education Bachelor of Science in Business Administration in Management Information Systems OKLAHOMA STATE UNIVERSITY 2012 to 2017 Skills Active Directory, Security, HTML