Cyber Security Analyst Cyber <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Cyber Security Analyst Washington, DC Skilled and meticulous with the ability to work well independently with little to no supervision. Excellent skills in reviewing and implementing internal control procedures to ensure efficiency and mitigate risks. Work Experience Cyber Security Analyst PMG - Woodbridge, VA March 2015 to Present Facilitated kick off meetings with System application owners, and all stakeholders prior to security assessment to collate pertinent information systems according to NIST Requirements, and performs the FIPS 199 Security Categorizations using the NIST 800-60 Vol.1 Rev1 as a guide to select the provisional impact level assigned to the Confidentiality, Integrity and Availability (CIA) based on the information type • Participate in the system authorization process by working with the key stakeholders to create complete and accurate Risk Management Framework (RMF) packages.  • Led in the development of Privacy Threshold Analysis (PTA) and Privacy Impact  Analysis(PIA) by using NIST privacy handbook, and also working closely with the Information System Officers (ISSO's) the System Owners (SO) and the information owners(IO) • Conducted Security Test and Evaluation (ST&E) using NIST 800 53A. Rev 4 and develop supporting documentation to the result based on security control requirement • Support Security Assessment and Authorization (SA&A) activities, by preparing the complete ATO package for the authorization official to make accreditation decision Information Assurance/ Security Specialist Chaveran, Inc - Bowie, MD January 2014 to December 2015 Served as a database administrator primarily focused on managing Oracle RAC 11gR2 & 12C in OLTP environment on WINDOWS, LINUX, and UNIX servers ensuring that all aspects of database environment(s) are OFA compliant (giving environment limitations) and performed Installation of Oracle Database Server software using industry best practices using DBCA and NETCA to allocate system storage, in addition to capacity planning for future storage requirements, and ensuring compliant levels of database redundancy.  • Worked with project managers to ensure incorporation of security activities in all ongoing projects and to identify security impact of new releases.  • Updated systems security plans based on the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Special Publications and conducted an annual self-assessment • Completed risk assessments based on NIST standards to ensure IA design sufficiently mitigates IA risk and prepared risk assessment reports and provided recommendation to client  Residence: Fredericksburg, VA|| Email: kwadumens@outlook.com  Telephone: (571)3541761   • Ensured that appropriate steps are taken to implement information security requirements for IT throughout their life cycle, from the requirement definition phase through disposal • Additional responsibilities included assurance of vulnerability mitigation, training on C&A tools • Prepared risk assessment reports and provides recommendations CAD Design Lab Administrator/ IT Manager KNUST, Kumasi - GH 2012 to 2013 • Provided critical design lab leadership and administration.  • Procured and maintained laboratory design stations.  • Performed end user support and troubleshooting functions.  • Resolved software, hardware, and networking issues.  • Cultivated and leveraged subject matter expertise in computer operating systems.  Monitored production processes and equipment.  • Implemented procedural adjustments to improve quality and increase productivity. Concept Developer University Nedre Romerike - Oslo, NO 2011 to 2012 Served as Principal Designer-working on the redesign of Mobile X-Ray Machine.  Executed design and concept development tasks for mobile x-ray machines.  • Managed product modeling and rendering throughout the design process.  • Acted as a trusted advisor in the capacity of hardware/software maintenance consultant. Designed and implemented strategic lab set-up. Education Graduate Certificate in Cyber Security Technology in Cyber Security Technology University of Maryland University College 2017 to Present MA in Product Design in Product Design University of Oslo & Akershus - Oslo, NO 2010 to 2012 BS in Industrial Design in Industrial Design Kwame Nkrumah University of Science & Technology 2005 to 2009 Skills information security (5 years), NIST (4 years), Risk Management (2 years), Security (6 years), TRADING (2 years), Information Assurance, Cyber Security, It Security, Cybersecurity, Comptia, Network Security Certifications/Licenses CompTIA Security+ July 2018 to July 2021 Driver's License Assessments Technical Support — Highly Proficient March 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to apply protocols to identify errors and solutions in order to maintain system function. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/1uu2lntwfhzzj7nk Problem Solving — Highly Proficient March 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to analyze relevant information when solving problems. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/43mopc-2gnoalwec Intermediate Word Processing Proficiency with Microsoft Word — Highly Proficient March 2019 Measures a candidate's knowledge of intermediate Microsoft Word techniques including the use of formatting, Track Changes, and Comments. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/ggb7coosdgc-gk7c Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information Key Skills    ? FISMA Risk Management • Implementation and ? Multitasking  Framework (RMF) Assessment of Security ? Strategic planning  ? National Institute of controls ? Program evaluation  Standards and Technology • Research ? Microsoft office suite  (NIST) Special • Presentation skills ? Bilingual  publications 800 series • Writing ? AWS  ? Business Continuity • Risk assessment and Risk ? Oracle Databases  Planning (BCP) and mitigation analysis ? Data guard  Continuity of Operations • ISO/IEC 2700 Family - ? SQL  (COOP) Information Security ? Linux /Unix Server  ? Security Testing and Management ?  Evaluation (ST&E) • Utilizing Nmap/Nessus  ? Organizational skills for port scanning  ? Analytical skills Jason, Terraform  ? Policy analysis  KWAME ADU-MENSAH  Residence: Fredericksburg, VA|| Email: kwadumens@outlook.com  Telephone: (571)3541761