Cyber Security Analyst Cyber <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Cyber Security Analyst - Rimacom Corp Fairfax, VA A highly-energetic information assurance professional with passion for cyber security and all things related. Possesses solid knowledge of FISMA compliance, vulnerability assessment, security operations. Proven experience in vulnerability management, compliance, and information technology ( IT) operations. Holds CompTIA Securty+ professional certification. Proven performance with clients such as the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), Department of the Interior (DOI), and private sector.    Citizenship and clearance US citizen with a very good credit score and absolutely clean criminal and other histories. Work Experience Cyber Security Analyst Rimacom Corp - Arlington, VA July 2017 to Present contractor)  As a member of the cyber security team, supported multiple aspects of the overall cyber security program. Typical assignments included:  • Preparing ATO packages, including reviewing and updating control implementation statements and developing other artifacts using department-approved templates  • Interviewing sysadmins, application developers and other stakeholders during annual assessments and System Security Plan updates  • Working with operations and system admins to remediate vulnerabilities  • Business Analysis of customer requirements to ensure secure implementation of IT solutions  • Performed root cause analysis  • Prepared and submitted security waivers.  • Interpreted security scans and validated false positives.  • Table-top testing of Contingency Plans  • Facilitated data calls and compliance with the DHS Binding Operational Directives  • Performed a monthly Separation of Duties analysis; as a follow-up advised creation or modification of existing roles on DevOps  • Completing Privacy Threshold Analysis and other Appendix J requirements  • Tracking completion of the Security Awareness and Role-Based Training  • Performed security scans of web applications  Very well-versed in many NIST publications pertaining to SA&A, Disaster Recovery Planing, Contingency Planning, COOP, and security implementation guidelines (The National Checklist Program and CIS Benchmarks).  Current tools of trade include: Tenable Nessus, Vega, AppScan (standalone), WebInspect (standalone), WireShark, MetaSploit, Burp Suite, nmap, ZAP, and Nikto. IT Security Specialist Rosebay Consulting - Gaithersburg, MD January 2014 to June 2016 contractor)  As a member of the OCIO information assurance team, worked on a myriad of projects and ongoing efforts, such as:  • Business Analysis of customer requirements to ensure secure implementation of IT solutions  • Prepared Vulnerability Assessment Plans  • Performed Vulnerability Assessment  • Delivered Security Assessment Reports  • Performed root cause analysis  • Weekly Tenable Nessus scans  • Monthly web application scans with Nikto and Vega  • Hands-on experience with Apache web and mysql servers  • Developed security policies.  • Performed server hardening using SCAP and GPO files from NIST National Checklist Program (via Active Directory GPOs and manually)    Key Skills and Competencies  FISMA Compliance  Systems/ Security Architecture  Security assessment  Business Analysis  MS Active Directory  Windows, Linux, VirtualBox  MS SQL and MySQL  DNS, DHCP, PKI    Other relevant information  Membership in professional Organizations OWASP Professional Membership: regularly attend monthly meetings at the Northern VA chapter. Education BA in Information Technology/BA in Information Technology/BA American University