IT Security & Business Continuity Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> &amp; Business Continuity <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Security & Business Continuity Analyst - RCCG Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Security & Business Continuity Analyst RCCG - Arlington, TX August 2017 to Present Currently works as an Information Security Specialist driving information security analysis, risk mitigation and security project management initiatives within the IT team. As a key business enabler reporting to the head of IT Governance, Risk and compliance, provides oversight of the organization business continuity and disaster recovery plans for the ongoing improvement of Information Security and continuity of operations for the business areas.  • Develops IT Security policies and procedures and provide information security risk analysis and strategic recommendations for the ongoing improvement of Information Security within IT department.  • Conducts risk analysis and presents recommendations to management and stakeholders  • Develops and manage network security program metrics and performance through tracking/reporting and active engagement with stakeholders for continuous service improvement  • Implements security improvements by assessing baseline, evaluating trends, and anticipating requirements  • Acts as point of contact to executive leadership for dimensioning, managing and driving remediation of information security risks.  • Develops and provides information security awareness programs  • Performs periodic network scan and develops mitigation plans  • Develops, maintains, and implements business continuity(BCP) and disaster recovery(DR) strategies and solutions, including risk assessments, business impact analyses, strategy selection, and documentation of business continuity and disaster recovery procedures.  • Plans, conducts, and manages regular mock-disaster exercises to test the adequacy of existing plans and strategies, including regular update of the DR/BCP plans.  • Acts as a coordinator for continuity efforts and provides training on Business Continuity techniques.  • Evaluates and provides inputs to the executive management on budget requirements for the execution of BC activities  • Provides oversight of business continuity testing for key business functions/departments and reports on the effectiveness of the department testing and recovery capabilities.  • Works with IT and business functions to develop emergency management plans for recovery decision making and communications, continuity of critical departmental processes, or temporary shut-down of non-critical departments to ensure continuity of operation and governance.  • Performs periodic review of organization disaster recovery, crisis management, or business continuity plans.  • Prepares and delivers written and oral presentation to all levels of management on changes to the overall BCP/DR plans Network Security Analyst/Penetration Tester Kingsbrook Group, Inc February 2016 to July 2017 • Performed security analysis and identified potential vulnerabilities in the key derivation function.  • Performed vulnerability scan using Nessus to identify and understand exploits, vulnerabilities and threats.  • Captured live packet using Wireshark to examine security flaws in the network and developed mitigation risk plans.  • Served as a key IT Consultant, for standardization and mapping of federal laws, rules, regulations and frameworks to internal control documentation, from the Federal Financial Institution Exam Council (FFIEC), Office of the Comptroller of Currency (OCC), The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (FRS), and Control Objectives and Related Technology (COBIT5).  • Identified vulnerabilities and threats based on security policy and regulatory requirement such as PII, PCI, HITech, HIPAA, and SOX.  • Developed cybersecurity policies and best practices to maintain confidentiality, integrity and availability of organizational data  • Performed penetration testing and vulnerability management over enterprise systems to audit the standard to comply with NIST, COBIT, COSO and ISO 2700x standards.  • Prepared comprehensive security report detailing identifications, risk description and recommendations with the code snippets for the vulnerability.  • Coordinated with development team to ensure closure of reported vulnerabilities by explaining the ease of exploitation and the impact of the issue.  • Educated and Trained employees periodically about Cyber Security and how to safeguard enterprise data. IT Compliance & Risk Specialist TAC North America - Irving, TX March 2014 to May 2016 • Used vulnerability assessment, management, malware protection, and analysis to mitigate organizational cyber attacks  • Implemented policies and standards based on COBIT 5, ISO 27000, and NIST 800-53 Frameworks  • Continuous Cyber Security monitoring such as running reports and being alerted on unauthorized login attempts, etc.  • Ensured that the project life cycle includes considerations for impact on Disaster Recovery Plan (DRP), Security Risk Assessments (SRAs) for HIPAA compliance, Business Continuity Plan & Joint Interface Plan, and Meaningful Use reviews for the system, with policies, procedures, and regulatory compliance.  • Advised Information Security and Information Technology team members on (regulatory and non-regulatory compliance issues), for internal control documentation.  • Prepared summary findings of unmitigated risks or internal control deficiencies to Upper Management. Education Bachelor's in Information Technology Western Governors University - Salt Lake City, UT Present Associate of Applied Science in Information Technology Tarrant County College District - Fort Worth, TX May 2019 Associate of Applied Science in Information Technology Tarrant County College District - Fort Worth, TX May 2018 Skills security, Active Directory, HTML, access, testing Assessments Technical Support — Expert June 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to apply protocols to identify errors and solutions in order to maintain system function. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/sxoo0cfxtmkb-iff Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.