Senior Desktop Support Analyst Senior Desktop Support <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Senior Desktop Support Analyst - NTT DATA Services Dallas-Fort Worth, TX Current Desktop Support Professional providing technical support for 800+ local users and 2000+ TXDOT employees and contractors in offices across Texas.  6 years of technical experience with various technologies within a corporate and military environment.  Skilled problem-solver and analytical thinker with the ability to permanently resolve technical issues and help requests for users and comfortably communicate with all levels of technical proficiency and executive status. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior Desktop Support Analyst NTT DATA Services February 2019 to Present Contractor  Provide deskside support to the TX Dept. of Transportation (TXDOT) in Mesquite, TX and remote support for the remaining offices and districts in the state of Texas.  Operate within a call queue handling between 20 to 30 calls per day while resolving local issues.  Install, maintain and troubleshoot Servers, UPSs, Cisco routers, switches and phones, Xerox MFDs, Dell Desktops, Laptops, Tablets, IPads, IPhones, and other various hardware.  Utilize SCCM to deploy applications, updates, and other services such as Remote Assistance to users of all technical proficiencies and Service Now to track, resolve, and escalate tickets.  Quickly orient with proprietary software and to further troubleshoot end user issues.  Coordinate with escalated teams such as Networking and Server services to further troubleshoot high impact issues, changes and emergencies.  Communicate with users and technicians in a tactful and professional manner regardless of technical proficiency Tier 2 Desktop Support Specialist HQ of Interstate Hotels and Resorts August 2018 to February 2019 Contractor  Provided desktop support to the Las Colinas corporate HQ of Interstate Hotels and Resorts.  Troubleshoot user technical issues in person and remotely via SolarWinds RMM.  Advise and help in the implementation of new technology for our users while developing trust and usability with new processes and systems.  Conduct on and off boarding procedures relating to technical equipment, user accounts, and applications.  Resolved issues within AWS, our LAN/WAN, Mitel VOIP systems, ADUC, Microsoft Exchange, Lync, and other equipment and applications.  Demonstrated a high level of customer service to our users in a personable and professional manner. Tier 1 Help Desk Technician Genpact LLC April 2018 to August 2018 Contractor  Provided daily end user desktop support and professional customer service.  Troubleshoot domain & Microsoft Office accounts, user passwords and RSA tokens.  Resolved user issues in a Microsoft Windows 10 environment.  Train new and current employees daily on proper desktop usage and security guidelines. IT Technician Technology Team LLC January 2018 to April 2018 Contractor  Assemble workstations according to Technology Team LLC's policies and procedures  Provided quality control and ensured workstations were wired properly for over 500 stations per location.  Completed endpoint assembly of workstations and ensure operation of all specified workstations.  Provided premium customer service with a full range of technical troubleshooting services for networks and workstations as well as remote troubleshooting and assistance. Technical Support Specialist Property Forensix PLLC January 2016 to January 2018 Performed hardware and software troubleshooting, and installation as required by supervisor.  Successfully installed and updated operating systems, software, iPads, and antivirus for users.  Provided daily technical support for Windows 10 systems, Outlook accounts, and network connectivity.  Consistently demonstrated comprehensive product knowledge and used ISN to manage employee and customer. Relations.  Created, managed and resolved issues with domain accounts in Active Directory Users and Computers. Commissioned Security Officer L-3 Mission Integration Division August 2015 to January 2016 Ensured operation of equipment by completing preventive maintenance requirements; following manufacturer's instructions and troubleshooting malfunctions.  Provided security, maintained a safe environment for staff, various equipment and technology  Daily inspected locked containers to ensure security of sensitive information. Advanced Field Artillery Tactical Data Systems Specialist United States Army July 2012 to August 2015 Provided technical training for soldiers on hardware/software, LAN (Local Area Network) based IPLRS (Inferred Position Location Reporting System) and SINGARS radios.  Managed the implementation, and advancement of data analysis software for monitoring, reporting, and measuring the effectiveness and accuracy of field artillery guns.  Conducted preventative maintenance, checks and services to military equipment including vehicles, radios, computers, and hand-held computers.  Maintained a Secret Clearance to obtain classified documents, and handle government equipment. Education Associate Skills Comptia A+ (1 year), Servers (Less than 1 year), Network Administration (1 year) Military Service Branch: United States Army Rank: Specialist Certifications/Licenses CompTIA A+ January 2018 to January 2021 CompTIA Network+ January 2018 to January 2021 CompTIA Server+ January 2018 to January 2021 Assessments Proficiency with Microsoft Office: Mail & Calendar (Mac) — Highly Proficient July 2019 Measures a candidate’s proficiency in using Microsoft Office Mail and Calendar tools to manage their workload. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/ejfuk1phvdlq1wsq Technical Support — Expert July 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to apply protocols to identify errors and solutions in order to maintain system function. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/wsosudqouhngkhxf Verbal Communication — Highly Proficient July 2019 Speaking clearly, correctly, and concisely. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/kdr3ktleyv3wscdc Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.