System Administrator\ IT Support Specialist System Administrator\<span class="hl">IT</span> Support Specialist System Administrator\ IT Support Specialist - NSSC Stennis Space Center Covington, LA Work Experience System Administrator\ IT Support Specialist NSSC Stennis Space Center April 2019 to Present • Identifies feasible approaches for computer solutions and make recommendations for systems development methods.  • Coordinates programming implementation of system changes with senior systems and user personnel.  • Provides support and consultation in a wide area of computer applications.  • Trouble shoots operating system and applications to support end user production.  • Installs user applications onto user computer systems.  • Installs operating systems (OS) onto computer systems.  • Ensures compliance with IT security, policy and standards.  • Validates installed computer system is functional per user requirements. Mobility Security Coordinator\Technical Specialist NASA Stennis Space Center March 2017 to April 2019 • Manage Domain environment for NASA Stennis site through remote support.  • Assists staff with the installation, configuration, and ongoing usability of desktop computers, peripheral equipment and software within established standards and guidelines.  • Ensures compliance with IT security, policy and standards.  • Provides end user support relative to software and hardware break/fix  • Conducts research on new technology as requested  • Maintains records of repairs, changes and updates  • Interact with numerous computer platforms in a multi-layered client server environment.  • Train end users to utilize new or changed methods.  • Explain IT policies and procedures to end users. Sr. Remote Systems Analyst II Waste Management, Inc January 2015 to March 2017 • Installs, configures tests, maintains, monitors, and troubleshoots end-user workstations and related hardware, software, and system issues in order to deliver required desktop service levels.  • Maintains good working relationship with all customers. Trains end-users as required.  • Collaborates with LAN and Network technicians and administrators to ensure efficient operation of the company's desktop computing and network environment.  • Administers and resolves issues with associated end-user workstation networking software products.  • Documents IT related procedures and processes to improve overall team knowledge.  • Works independently and with the team to develop solutions and manage multiple tasks.  • Manager oversee employees and keep them motivated and include recruiting and hiring staff, training employees, assessing staff performance, taking disciplinary action when needed. Sr. Network Administrator Heritage Plastics, Inc August 2014 to December 2014 • Administer network workstations, utilizing one or more TCP/IP or non-TCP/IP networking protocols.  • Evaluate and/or recommend purchases of computers, network hardware, peripheral equipment, and software.  • Investigate user problems, identify their source, determine possible solutions, test and implement solutions.  • Analyze applicant qualifications to determine if they meet qualification standards.  • Install, configure, and maintain personal computers, Microsoft workstations, file servers, Ethernet networks, network cabling, and other related equipment, devices, and systems;  • Maintain inventory for all software/hardware.  • Serves as a liaison with third-party vendors.  • Plan and implement network security, including building firewalls, applying cryptography to network applications, managing host security, file permissions, backup and disaster recovery plans, file system integrity, and adding and deleting users.  • Troubleshoot networks, systems, and applications to identify and correct malfunctions and other operational difficulties. Sr. System Administrator II Schumacher Group September 2011 to July 2014 • Monitored the LAN/WAN network environment including routers, switches, firewalls, and Internet access and software applications.  • Installation, configuration and maintenance of Windows servers, Cisco infrastructure system network components.  • Performed troubleshooting and diagnosis to hardware/software network failures, and provided resolutions.  • Provided administration support, accessing network systems in their 'root' level.  • Advise users, employees on company regulations  • Serves as a liaison with third-party vendors.  • Verified applicant to determine if they meet qualification standards.  • Provide system administration for the In Contact phone system, running reports, administrating call routes and updating and modifying phone scripts.  • Train human resource specialists to utilize new or changed recruitment methods. Education Masters of Management in Human Resource University of Phoenix 2006 Bachelor of Science in Information Technology in Information Technology University of Phoenix 2000 Certificate Tulane University 1999 Computer Science University of Grambling State University 1990 to 1993 Skills Active Directory, Vmware, System Admin, System Administrator, SCCM Additional Information • Extensive hands on experience in multiple network environments.  • Team based management style and excellent interpersonal skills.  • Self-motivated; able to set effective priorities to achieve immediate and meet operational deadlines.  • Function well in fast-paced, high-pressure atmosphere.  • Coordinated and lead implementation of several major projects.  • Excellent written and communication skills.