Application Security Analyst Application <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Application Security Analyst Las Vegas, NV I am currently working full-time as an Application Security Analyst, and I am pursuing further certifications and skills in this area. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Application Security Analyst Shift4 Payments - Las Vegas, NV July 2018 to Present My duties include: security reviews, testing of application vulnerabilities,compliance scanning and attestation, the use of PowerShell, software vulnerability analysis, cryptographic key management, penetration testing, and patch analysis. Security Compliance Overseer Shift4 Payments - Las Vegas, NV March 2018 to July 2018 Various tasks in cyber security, IT auditing, Risk Management, and Network Security. I.T. Technician PC911 - Las Vegas, NV June 2016 to August 2017 Worked as Help Desk Lead in a client's call center. I was responsible for all workings of client IT department, under direction of their Corporate I.T. office. In this position, I supervised one help desk employee. I administered networks and systems including: Windows Server, Microsoft Active Directory, Vsphere Hypervisor, and Veeam. I Managed network resources such as SANS, NAS, Fax Servers, local and remote app access, IP phones, network permissions, and maintained rack mounted equipment. I Provided Desktop Support, Issue tracking and resolution, network troubleshooting and installation, and computer repair. I.T. Technician Concepte of Illinois - Benton, IL July 2015 to February 2016 Responsibilities  Each day I travel to various businesses and help people with their I.T. needs. I also serve as a computer bench technician that administers remote, and in shop assistance for clients.    Accomplishments  I have played a part in the completion of many I.T. projects. I have helped maintain strong relationships with clients leading to repeat business with our firm.    Skills Used  I have demonstrated my ability to adapt my skills to accommodate the projects that need to be accomplished. The specific skills I have used in this position include the installation, configuration, diagnosis, and repair of computers, networks, printers, servers and software. I use customers service skills throughout the day in person, on-site, and on over the phone. Software Support Specialist R and B Software - Carbondale, IL December 2014 to May 2015 I trained end users over the Internet to operate the software our company  produces. I also worked with users to solve specific difficulties they experienced while using our software. PC Repair Technician Carbondale Computer Repair - Carbondale, IL September 2014 to May 2015 I checked in computers, diagnosed and repaired computers in a retail setting and in the field. Produce Clerk The Neighborhood Co-op - Carbondale, IL April 2012 to January 2015 In this role I accepted produce deliveries, input products into inventory, and merchandised products. I Delivered knowledgeable customer service and made relevant recommendations to customers about organic and health oriented grocery products. Event Technoloy Specialist II PSAV - Rosemont, IL July 2007 to November 2009 Responsibilities  Setup, operation, and maintenance of A/V equipment for events and conventions. I help Coordinate among clients and hotel departments in regards to event technology.     Accomplishments:  Company certified Intermediate level technician in: PC administration, Audio, Lighting, Rigging, and video. Completed several internal training programs including: advance to management program, knock your socks off sales, and more. I served as Director of Event Technology Hyatt Regency Lisle from 2008 - 2009. Education Cyber Security Transmosis Cyber Security Boot Camp - Las Vegas, NV September 2017 to February 2018 B.A. in Radio and Television Southern Illinois University - Carbondale, IL 2001 to 2005 Skills Customer Service (10+ years), Networking (2 years), Computer Repair (3 years), Desktop Support (6 years), Management (2 years), Active Directory (1 year), Help Desk Lead (1 year), Data Processing Management (1 year), Cyber Security (1 year), Siem, Burp Suite (1 year), PCI Compliance (1 year), Vulnerability Analysis (1 year), Microsoft PowerShell (1 year), Javascript (Less than 1 year), HTML 5 (1 year), Linux (1 year), Application Security (1 year), Security Compliance (Less than 1 year), Application Support, Metasploit, Penetration Testing (1 year), PCI Compliance (1 year), Splunk (1 year) Certifications/Licenses CompTia A+ Certification July 2015 to July 2018 Verification of I.T. and other computer repair skills through the completion of coursework, and a series of two tests in the areas of computer hardware and software. Adtran Technical Solutions Associate / Internetworking September 2016 to September 2019 Computer Networking Certification. Cybrary TCP/IP September 2017 to Present Computer Networking Certification CompTIA Security+ October 2017 to October 2020 Covers essential principles for network security and risk management in IT environments. CompTIA CySA+ January 2018 to January 2021 Validates knowledge and skills required to prevent, detect, and combat cyber security threats. Curriculum includes configuration and use of threat detection tools, data analysis, identifying vulnerabilities, threats, and risks to an organization. Fundamental Linux Administration October 2017 to Present This certification verifies the skills needed to work, and perform tasks from the Linux command line. DevOps Foundation June 2019 to Present I earned this certification after completing a 16 hour course produced by The DevOps Institute and passing a final exam. I learned key concepts and methods pertaining to DevOps operations. Groups OWASP February 2019 to Present Nonprofit group dedicated to application security.