IT Security Analyst I <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> I IT Security Analyst I - FIS ProNet Phoenix, AZ Work Experience IT Security Analyst I FIS Global - Phoenix, AZ August 2017 to Present Protect financial IT infrastructures from malicious attacks worldwide.    • Use SIEM tools to monitor malicious traffic from various networks  • Use tools like Cylance, Red Canary, LogRhythm, & Anomali to proactive stop attacks for outside threats.    • Work on Anti-virus threats through Trend and Symantec endpoint protection that within the customer's environment Technical Support Consultant FIS Global - Phoenix, AZ September 2016 to August 2017 Ensure that our banking customers are efficiently able to complete their daily task at work by resolving any technical issues that my address to me daily.    • Work with multiple departments on various issues depending by the request on the banking client.  • Have gained experience in Citrix, RDP, and Banking specific applications like FIS Intercept, BancPac, and Tellerplus.    • Also work close with our MSS Cybersecurity team to troubleshoot any email or web security threats that are provided by the customer.    • Work on multiple issues ran from AD profile unlocks/resets and disk drive cleanups to more detail tasks like Citrix profile rebuilds.    • Continuously work with my team to collaborate efficiently and get to a resolution as quickly as possible. If not resolution can be done at the moment, escalate the issue appropriately with RSE and ASM to resolve. IT Enrollment Advisor University of Phoenix - Phoenix, AZ February 2010 to December 2016 IT Certificate Enrollment Advisor  Advise undergraduate and graduate students regarding enrollment and certificate completion requirements as well as admitting students for the University's graduate and undergraduate certificate programs.    • Used multiple database and file management systems to effective transition students into their educational program. Also used the Microsoft Office Suite to make detail reports and charts regarding student progress.    • Advise potential and current students with respect to enrollment, certificate program options, certificate program requirements, and provided information on university policies, practices and rules.    • Create a professional rapport with each student while engaging in effective communication via telephone, and email appointments. Ensure that each student's issues are addressed and resolved in a positive and timely manner.    • Work with other team members on student follow-up items to provide an efficient streamlined college experience.    • Participate in enrollment strategy meetings, recommend outlets to find new revenue streams and increase admission rates. Technical Support Analyst FIS Global - Phoenix, AZ January 2016 to September 2016 Monitored and maintained the backups for our client banks. Ensure that data provided by the banks was properly being backed up, stored, and monitored each client's backup service everyone to ensure consistency.    • Worked in a Virtualized environment and constantly user Remote Desktop to log in and monitor the backup servers for each required bank.    • User multiple backup software ranging from Symantec to Dell AppAssure.    • Also worked with RSEs and the FIS hosted Backup team for any escalation related issues from the backups. Education Certificate University of Phoenix October 2013 to 2014 Associates of Arts in IT in Web Design University of Phoenix June 2010 to May 2013 Skills Active Directory, access, Security, training, Cisco, Microsoft Office, HTML, Sharepoint