Technical Manager, Information Security Technical Manager, Information <span class="hl">Security</span> Technical Manager, Information Security - Viacom, Inc Nesconset, NY Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Technical Manager, Information Security Viacom, Inc September 2018 to Present Cloud security - Shape and maintain the security policy, vulnerability remediation, monitor cloud activity, follow up on incidents that required escalation.  Security Architecture - Review network/system/application designs and make recommendations as required to enhance security.  Incident Response - Play an integral role in creating and maintaining the Incident Response Policy, serve as a senior member of the team participating in the IR process, threat hunt methodically on a daily basis to discover potential incidents.  Automation - Using programming languages such as Python to automate everyday tasks for the team maximizing productivity and value.  Database security - Provide recommendations to improve the security of our databases e.g. encryption standards, privileged account usage, SOPs of the DBA team, monitor database activities with our DAM solution and follow up on incidents, inform the DBA team of database vulnerabilities.  SIEM - Work to improve the information our team is presented with by creating search queries, dashboards, and finding information as needed in IR.  Project Management - Manage multiple projects at once in the above areas including researching, proposing, and evaluating new, potential replacement solutions.    Interface with all members of the team keeping an open dialog to mentor and improve our day-to-day work. Participate in an on-call rotation, peer review, continuous training/education in the industry, our solutions, and what's next on the horizon to sustain the highest standard of knowledge and awareness. Senior Network Engineer Viacom, Inc April 2015 to September 2018 Design, plan, manage, and implement routing, switching, and security infrastructure projects as needed by the business. Meet with various internal and external teams to formulate strategies and discuss future requirements. Monitor and manage a global enterprise network infrastructure. Lead network vulnerability remediation, identity and access management, firewall and IPS administration. Create Python scripts for network discovery, configuration management, bulk configuration implementation, and automation of lengthy tasks. Mentor peers and junior members of the team while serving as an escalation point for more complicated matters. Maintain updated documentation including topologies with Visio. Utilize spreadsheets and text editing applications to collect, reformat and present pertinent data quickly and efficiently. Network Engineer Presidio, Inc May 2013 to April 2015 Serve as a point of escalation for route/switch, security, and wireless network issues providing technical leadership and expertise at the highest level. Remote monitoring, management and reaction to alerts from over 130 different medium and large scale enterprise networks such as The Port Authority of NY and NJ, ESPN, The NFL, Heineken, Suffolk County, hospitals, schools, financial firms, and technology companies. Configure, maintain, upgrade, troubleshoot, and setup Cisco ISRs, switches, ASA Firewalls, WLCs, IPS/IDS, and ACS. Troubleshoot a wide variety of issues and configure devices upon request including firewall ACLs, routing protocols, static routing, FHRPs, RA and site-to-site VPNs, route/switch interfaces, AAA/ACS among others. Utilize IOS troubleshooting tools, Wireshark, Nimsoft Automation, and Netcool Network Management to provide customers with definitive resolutions. IT Consultant assigned to MSC Industrial Supply's Service Desk TEKsystems, Inc June 2012 to May 2013 Provisioning, administration, and troubleshooting of all RSA (Remote System Access), VPN, and Citrix Xenapp issues. Add/remove users from Active Directory groups, unlock, change passwords, and verification of access permissions in AD and the BES. Provide technical support for RSA, VPN, Citrix, AS400 (password resets, re-enabling accounts, terminal, RF gun, and printer resets), general desktop support of Windows, 3rd party software, hardware, networking issues, and BlackBerry issues over the phone and through email to all MSC employees and their company issued or personal devices. Software deployment to MSC laptops and workstations via Tivoli Endpoint Manager. Analyze copious amounts of data including active/inactive users, users part of the project rollout process, and problem logs to formulate reports and present to management in management and IT meetings. Work on special projects as needed, and provide assistance to various support groups. IT Consultant assigned to Cablevision's Corporate Help Desk Career Direction, Inc January 2012 to March 2012 Troubleshooting technical issues for Cablevision's internal employees, providing phone support for the NY, NJ & CT facilities including Madison Square Garden, Radio City Music Hall, Ziegfeld Theater, Lightpath, and Rainbow Media. Analyze application errors for over 800 applications including MS Office products, proprietary applications and installing special patches as needed. Troubleshoot various account login issues utilizing Novell ConsoleOne, Novell iManager, internal websites such as CA Clarity, eTime, Marquee, and Active Directory for MSG & Rainbow Media users. Troubleshoot hardware failure issues such as power supplies, video cards, sound cards, USB drivers, printers and other hardware. Troubleshoot email, voicemail, and functionality issues on admin and wireless phones including Avaya, BlackBerry, iOS, and Android devices. Administer application access to MS Office, Visio, Oracle and VPN via Novell and Active Directory. Remote usage through Novell ZENworks, GoToAssist, and Dell KACE/VNC Viewer. Technologies used/supported: Novell (ConsoleOne, e-Directory, iManager, GroupWise), Google GroupMail, Active Directory, RSA, Remedy, GoToAssist, Citrix, MSOffice2003/2007, and Windows 7/XP. Network Analyst Xerox March 2011 to January 2012 Provide top level IT support for customers' Xerox, Konica Minolta, and RICOH copiers. Schedule remote installations and network newly purchased copiers remotely. Remotely fix printing, scanning, faxing, networking, and various other copier issues over the phone. Work with Microsoft and Mac environments on servers and workstations. Teaching customers to access other computers on their network to create shortcuts, connect to printers. how to use the copiers, and how to diagnose issues for future reference. Log, monitor, and allocate service calls to other techs. Education Bachelor of Arts in Psychology State University of New York at Stony Brook - Stony Brook, NY 2009 Skills Cissp, Information Security, It Security Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/mikeseelig Certifications/Licenses (ISC)² Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) Global Information Assurance Certification (GIAC) Certified Intrusion Analyst (GCIA) Global Information Assurance Certification (GIAC) Certified Incident Handler (GCIH) Cisco Certified Network Professional (CCNP) Security Cisco Certified Network Professional (CCNP) Routing & Switching Specialist: ASA Firewall, Firewall Security, VPN Security, IOS Security and IPS/IDS National Security Agency, Committee on National Security Systems 4013 Recognition Additional Information Ability to lead teams and projects. Knowledge of risk assessment, analysis, and management, incident investigation and response, intrusion detection/prevention, cloud security, identity and access management, security architecture, identity and access management, threat modeling, incident handling, the selection of appropriate safeguards and countermeasures, vulnerability analysis/mitigation, and minimizing attack surface. TCP/IP, routing, and switching technologies expert. Able to design, implement, optimize, and maintain highly complex global enterprise networks. Proficient in Python scripting maximizing efficiency through automation.