Vendor Security Analyst Vendor <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Vendor Security Analyst Danville, CA Work Experience Vendor Security Analyst Apple, Inc - Sunnyvale, CA April 2018 to April 2019 Manage incoming Role Based Network Access requests, submitted by Apple Business Units on behalf of third party vendors.  Work with Business Unit to fulfill requirements needed in order to establish/maintain VPN and Site-to-Site connections.  Work with Information Security team to complete vulnerability scans on new Site-to-Site connections.  Complete regular audits of all connections to ensure any active connection is properly documented through RBNA process.  Facilitate the pausing or deactivating of connections no longer needed, when necessary. Manager of IT Governance CMG Financial - San Ramon, CA December 2017 to April 2018 Wrote various policies/procedures that were managed/maintained by the IT department. This included Business Continuity Plan, Disaster Recovery Plan, Incident Management, Change Control.  Held weekly Change Control meetings, where all requested changes to CMG systems/environments submitted by IT team members were reviewed. Issued approval on all changes deemed acceptable.  Responsible for regular communication to all employees advising of regularly scheduled maintenance window, and providing high level detail of changes being made.  Responsible for executing Disaster Recovery Plan when necessary. This included opening the emergency bridge, and calling all critical parties to it.  As part of Business Continuity Plan, held regular meetings with Executive Management, including all individual department heads, to ensure uniform plan was in place to prepare for and react to potential incidents or business interruptions that may occur.  Properly documented any incident or outage that occurred, and held regular meetings with IT Management team to evaluate company handling of each event. Senior Project Manager CMG Financial - San Ramon, CA March 2017 to December 2017 Contributed towards the development and rollout of CMG's new Loan Origination System for the Retail channel. Worked with developers to prioritize current and future work to ensure proper alignment with our business and sales needs.  Completed proper User Acceptance Testing prior to deployment of any new items into production. Worked with internal IT staff, developers, and end users to identify and troubleshoot defects.  Managed a user support team of 10+ people. The primary objective of this team was to provide loan level support to users across all 3 channels of CMG's business.    Assisted the Training department in new user training. This included phone/email training and support, as well as live on-site training and support.  Helped in the training and continuing support of over 10 separate Retail branches. This included a combination of existing branches as well as newly onboarded branches. Operations Manager CMG Financial - San Ramon, CA May 2016 to February 2017 Managed overall Wholesale Operations for CMG's San Ramon fulfillment center, which consisted of $80-$100 million in monthly production.  Worked in conjunction with Sales Management and Underwriting Management to ensure unity and cohesiveness between all departments.  Managed Customer Service, Doc Drawing, and Funding departments with a total of 15-20 direct reports. Completed daily underwriting assignments, as well as set and deliver turn time reports. Oversaw pipeline flow to ensure appropriate Service Level Agreements were consistently met.  Completed weekly post-closing audit reports and responses. Customer Service Manager CMG Financial - San Ramon, CA May 2015 to May 2016 Managed the Customer Service department inside the San Ramon Wholesale fulfillment center. This consisted of a team of 10 direct reports.  Acted as an escalation point for internal Customer Service and Sales staff, as well as customers.  Worked with Sales department on initiatives and incentives to secure increased business and market share from current and potential new customers.  Assisted the Operations Manager in management and oversight of the center as a whole. Made decisions on the Operations Manager's behalf when appropriate to do so.  Worked with the Operations Manager and Closing Manager to develop a "Proactive Closing" process, which is still used today throughout the company. Account Manager CMG Financial - San Ramon, CA August 2012 to May 2015 Acted as the primary Wholesale customer service point for assigned Salesperson and corresponding pipeline of customers.  Processed and successfully closed up to 300 loans per month.  Interfaced with Underwriting, Doc Drawing, and Funding departments to ensure proper file flow and timely closing of loans.  Worked with Sales on initiatives to increase business received from existing pipeline of customers.  Attended, and sometimes led, welcome calls with new customers as well as periodic strategy calls with existing customers.  Was appointed Team Lead over one of 5 teams established inside the center. Led team meetings, gathered and delivered reporting numbers, acted as an escalation point for fellow team members and their customers.  Assisted the Operations Manager with general office duties and tasks as appropriate. Education High School Diploma Acalanes High School - Lafayette, CA 2004 Skills Security, Active Directory, testing, access Certifications/Licenses DBO Mortgage Originator's License February 2017 to December 2019