IT Service Desk Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> Service Desk <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Service Desk Analyst Blue Bell, PA IT Professional with 6 years of diverse experience. Currently looking to transition into the Information   Security field. In the process of pursuing a Bachelors of Science in Cyber Security & Information Assurance.    Certifications held: ITIL v4 Foundations.  Currently pursuing: Security+ Work Experience IT Service Desk Analyst DaVita - Malvern, PA January 2018 to November 2018 Provide remote first-level IT Support to dialysis clinics.  Troubleshooting of Electronic Health Records.  Utilize ITIL best practices while performing duties.  Document incidents in ServiceNow.  Maintain compliance with HippA by participating in yearly compliance training.  Participate in monthly reconciliation to ensure dialysis services are billed without software issues.  Administration of AirWatch and management of iOS devices.  Act as first point of contact for network/telecom outages, troubleshoot network hardware (routers, switches) as needed.  Troubleshoot all Windows 7-10 issues, as well as Microsoft Suite.  Troubleshoot all PCs and peripheral equipment.  Observed system functioning and entered commands to test different areas of operations.  Kept customers informed about issue resolution progress and provided updated estimated times of resolution on ongoing basis.  Reviewed current hardware and software and recommended modifications to increase system speed.  Responded to assistance requests from users and directed individuals through basic troubleshooting tasks.  Advised customers and users regarding required maintenance practices of diverse software systems for OEM  warranty requirements and industry best practices.  Explained technology-related details in easy-to-understand terms to individuals from all walks of life and in various job positions.  Researched, documented and escalated support cases to higher levels of support when unable to resolve issues  using available resources. Security Officer Securitas Critical Infrastructure Services - Lansdale, PA June 2015 to February 2016 Surveilled areas within facility to identify suspicious behavior.  Documented all security-related situations, including in in-depth reports for submission to security supervisor.  Maintained safety by quickly responding to alarms and investigating disturbances.  Maintain compliance with NISPOM and DSS regulations.  Escort contractors and visitors within facility areas that required a government clearance.  Challenged suspicious individuals accessing restricted areas to prevent unauthorized entry.  Checked passes and credentials of persons seeking to enter property and issued passes for guests. Systems Administrator CompuPict - Hatboro, PA June 2009 to March 2014 Traveled to client sites and answered questions via phone and email so that issues were remedied quickly.  Set up, optimized and managed network equipment.  Designed, documented and executed maintenance procedures, including system upgrades, patch management and system backups.  Preformed Microsoft Server 2008/2012 administration.  Set up new desktop systems and configured laptops for incoming employees, loading required software and server permissions.  Set up and configured new employee work stations, including all hardware, software and peripheral devices.  Removed malware and viruses from laptops and desktop systems using specialized software.  Updated software versions with patches and new installations to close security loopholes and protect users. Education High School Diploma Upper Moreland High School Skills Active directory, Hipaa, Itil, Network security, Networking Certifications/Licenses ITIL v4 June 2019 to Present