IT Network Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> Network <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Security Analyst Katy, TX IT Professional with experience in informatic security technologies, practice knowledge in security servers(IDS Firewall). Analysis forensic digital under the standard rules of keep evidence custody, reports and treatment of security incidents, good experience in Pen Test with (Kali Linux), wide experience in desktop support technician and help desk,Configuring and troubleshooting desktops, laptops and servers,knowledge in Linux Platforms (CENTOS, DEBIAN), strong TCP/IP networking skills and maintaining Networking Equipment. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Network Analyst Telnetworking - Pine Creek, WV August 2017 to January 2018 Designs, builds, and implements network systems across the company. Planning, developing, installing, configuring, maintaining, supporting, and optimizing all local and wide area network connections, corporate servers, associated software, and communication links. Troubleshoots network performance issues. Diagnoses, resolves, and documents hardware and software network problems. IT Security Analyst Petroleum Of Venezuela S.A February 2010 to August 2016 Venezuela  Background IT Security Analyst at PDVSA Petroleum Of Venezuela S.A  Analyze and respond to security threats from Firewall (FW), Intrusion Detection  Systems (IDS), Antivirus. (AV), Network Access Control (NAC) and other security  threat data sources.  Configure, manage, and upgrade FW, IDS, NAC, Encryption and a wide variety of other security products/appliances.  Strong TCP/IP networking skills to perform network troubleshooting to isolate and diagnose common network problems.  Continuous monitoring of the technological platform.  Reports and treatment of security incidents.  Reports Forensics associated to oil technology platform.  Conducting risk analysis and critical analysis platform.  Installing and configuring computer systems, diagnosing hardware/software faults and solving.  Technical problems, either over the phone or face to face.  Working with customers/employees to identify computer problems and advising on the solution.  Logging and keeping records of customer/employee queries.  Analyzing call logs spotting common trends and underlying problems.  Updating self-help documents so customers/employees can try to fix problems  themselves  Advocated for end users to perform testing and problem analysis for server, desktop and IT infrastructure work.  Provided documentation on startup, shut down and first level troubleshooting of processes to help desk staff.  Perform network and application penetration testing.  Established compatibility with third party software products by developing program for modification and integration.  Diagnosed and troubleshooted UNIX and Windows processing problems and applied  solutions to increase company efficiency. IT Security Analyst Banco Occidental de Descuento March 2008 to January 2010 Venezuela  Background IT Security Analyst at Discount Occidental Bank (BOD)  Advocated for end users to perform testing and problem analysis for server, desktop and  IT infrastructure work. Provided documentation on startup, shut down and first level  troubleshooting of processes to help desk staff. •Perform network and application  penetration testing. Education Bachelor in Informatics Universidad Rafael Belloso Chacin 2007 Skills HELP DESK (8 years), FIREWALL (6 years), BACKUPS (Less than 1 year), CUSTOMER SUPPORT (Less than 1 year), DATA BACKUP (Less than 1 year), Actually Studying CCNET (1 year), Cisco Additional Information SKILLS  Windows and Linux Customer Support  Network maintenance Desktop Support  Excellent Knowledge in Kali Linux Hardware  Excellent Knowledge in C.A.I.N.E Help Desk  (Computer Aided Investigative Excellent diagnostic skills  Environment). Java Knowledge  Firewall Builder Administrator SQL Knowledge  System upgrades Self-Motivated/Ability to Work Without  System backups Supervision.  Data backup and retrieval Bilingual - Spanish - English  Technical specifications creation  Network upgrades