IT Security Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Security Analyst - Virginia Information Technology Agency Richmond, VA Highly motivated Information Technology professional looking for challenging work. Diversified experience in project management, business and systems analysis, installation and configuration, information technology administration, and customer relations. Flexible problem solver with excellent attention to detail. Can easily assimilate in both individual and teamwork settings. My greatest strength is my ability to walk into a new environment and be functional immediately. Work Experience IT Security Analyst Virginia Information Technology Agency - Chester, VA May 2018 to Present As a Security Analyst, I perform a critical role ensuring that the technology IT support processes and workflows are working effectively, reliably, and efficiently to meet service objectives and customer expectations. I coordinate and monitor multiple IT infrastructure services suppliers for state executive branch agencies.    • Track the status of vulnerabilities from discovery to remediation.  • Maintain configuration baselines in a manner determined and agreed upon by management.  • Configure, maintain and operate (perform scans) compliance and vulnerability management tools such as Acunetix  • Continually improve the team's effectiveness and efficiency by monitoring security incidents, enabling new security features or technologies, identifying improvements to existing processes and providing relevant reports.  • Responsible for supporting the needs of the Compliance and Vulnerability Management Program.  • The candidate will ensure that all compliance and vulnerability management systems/services are operating and performing within established program guidelines.  • Lifecycle activities include but are not limited to inventory and monitoring of all assets, assessment and data analysis, ticketing/reporting and findings remediation recommendations.  • Perform application and system vulnerability assessment scanning  • Provide timely and detailed reports, with proofs of findings, analysis of risk, and remediation advise and instructions  • Provide timely rescans and tests for potential new vectors to teams working to resolve vulnerabilities IT Security Engineer ACTIONET - Vienna, VA March 2017 to July 2017 As an IT Security Engineer, I was responsible for securing and protecting system boundaries, keeping computer systems and network devices hardened against attacks and securing highly sensitive data.    • Configured, maintained and administered applications running on Linux and Windows server operating system.    • Inspected operational status of servers and applications.    • Performed troubleshooting and corrected anomalies and warning conditions.    • Maintained patch management, security compliance, backups, restores and vulnerability patching of servers and applications.    • Planned and directed upgrades and enhancements to operating systems and application servers.    • Identified information security risks.    • Contributed to mitigation plans and risk acceptance documents.    • Assisted in the development and implementation of new PKI, MFA, and Identity Management services.    • Participated in projects and technical working groups. IT Security Vulnerability Engineer ACTIONET - Vienna, VA March 2012 to July 2017 As a Vulnerability Engineer, I was responsible for the assessment and remediation of vulnerabilities. This included conducting research about the vulnerability and understanding the impact of applying the remediations in both test and production environments.    • Performed systems modeling, simulation and analysis and will enable dynamic and powerful visualization of Big Data by building services that can scale data access using techniques that include aggregation, paging, or faceting.  • Established a process for reporting the progress of remediating vulnerabilities and reporting vulnerability trends.  • Maintained ongoing awareness of shifts in threat landscape and attacker methodologies; recommending appropriate strategic and operational changes to the security program to address new threats  • Collaborated with hardware design engineers on machine characteristics that affect software systems and work with them to resolve incompatibilities.  • Provided inputs for documentation of new or existing programs.  • Strong working knowledge and experience with both front end and backend programming languages (Java, JavaScript, etc.).    Coursework Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Information Systems Virginia Union University - Richmond, VA Skills application development (Less than 1 year), Architecture (Less than 1 year), best practices (7 years), Database (7 years), Database management (7 years), Embedded Systems (Less than 1 year), EXCELLENT MULTITASKER (7 years), Network Architecture (Less than 1 year), Network Security (Less than 1 year), problem solver (Less than 1 year), Project management (Less than 1 year), Security (7 years), simultaneously (Less than 1 year), Systems Analysis (7 years), Systems Design (Less than 1 year), Systems Security (7 years), Active Directory, access Certifications/Licenses CompTIA Advanced Security Practitioner Security+ CEH