IT Security Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Security Analyst - Industry Standard Compliance, Security Consulting Rogers, MN Motivated and adaptable Information Security professional with exceptional organizational and problem-solving skills seeking a challenging and fast paced environment yielding opportunity for continuous personal and professional development. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Security Analyst Industry Standard Compliance, Security Consulting - Minneapolis, MN November 2016 to Present MN  Provide Security expertise supporting functions relating to Industry Standard Compliance, Security Consulting, 3rd party Security and Customer Security and Compliance.  • Consultant for internal teams to ensure Security and Privacy requirements are implemented with any projects at Code42 that involve confidential or regulated data.  • SME for sales and marketing team with efforts including customer questionnaires, customer inquiries, trade show support and Marketing messaging.  • Manage daily triage of all Vendor related tickets.  • Manage on-boarding and termination of vendors.  • Conducts Vendor Risk Assessments on all high-risk vendors.  • Ensure Code42 compliance with SOC 2 Type II.  • Ensure Code42 compliance with PCI DSS 3.2.  • Ensure Code42 compliance with ISO27001.. IT Security Analyst Security and Compliance - Saint Paul, MN March 2016 to November 2016 Work across departments to ensure Security Program is implemented and mature.  • Collaborate with internal stakeholders to drive Security related efforts.  • Perform Vendor Risk Assessments for all current and potential Vendors.  • Organize client driven audits across multiple industries.  • Design, create and manage the program level documents, procedures and guidelines  • Manage internal and external audits including SOC, ISO and HITRUST framework.  • Responsible for implementation of companywide Security Awareness and Training.  • Manage international and domestic efforts to improve Security Program.  • Daily collaboration with high level management and executive level leadership IT Security Consultant - Vendor Risk Assessments UnitedHealth Group - Golden Valley, MN June 2015 to March 2016 Perform Vendor Risk Assessments on UHG Vendors and Acquired Entity 3rd party Vendors  • Design, create and manage the program level documents, procedures and guidelines  • Collaborate with business partners and vendors to manage remediation of identified findings  • Working experience with HITRUST, SOC, PCI and HIPAA framework  • Collaborate with management to triage daily workflow  • Oversee offshore and onshore contractors/interns performing remote questionnaire based assessments  • Daily collaboration with high level management and executive level leadership IT Security Specialist Voya Financial - Minneapolis, MN May 2013 to June 2015 Research industry vulnerabilities and educate department on risks and suggested remediation on a bi-weekly basis  • Correlate network logs across multiple platforms to determine abnormalities  • Comprehends mechanics of Voya's network (IPS, Anti-Virus, Firewall, HIPS.)  • Develops and socializes handling procedures and escalation processes to team members  • Develop and test content within SIEM ( Security Information and Event Management) tool  • Collaborate with others teams to triage  • Security Risk Assessment Education Associates in Computer Networking Dunwoody College of Technology - Minneapolis, MN September 2011 to March 2013 Bachelors in History St. Cloud State University - Saint Cloud, MN September 2003 to September 2008 University Televisions Studios (UTVS) St. Cloud State University September 2003 to 2008 Skills Information Security, Cyber Security, It Security