IT Security Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Security Analyst - Forever Solutions Group New York, NY I am specialized in areas such as Certification and Accreditation (C&A), Risk Management, Authentication & Access Control, System Monitoring, Regulatory Compliance, Physical and environmental security, Incident Response, and Disaster Recovery. I am an expert in FISMA and SOX 404 compliance, IT Security Training, developing security policies, procedures and guidelines. I am a fast learner and easily adapt to new working environment. I have very good analytical and organizational skills. I have the ability to do multi-task, and can also work independently and also in a team. I have a strong verbal and written communication skills and also in technical writing skills. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Security Analyst Forever Solutions Group - Washington, DC March 2014 to Present • Conducted IT controls risk assessments that included reviewing organizational policies, standards, procedures and guidelines.  • Developed a security baseline controls and test plan that was used to assess implemented security controls.  • Developed and conducted ST&E ( Security Test and Evaluation) according to NIST SP 800-53A  • Conducted a security control assessment to assess the adequacy of management, operational privacy, and technical security controls implemented. A Security Assessment Report (SAR) was developed detailing the results of the assessment along with plan of action and milestones (POA&M) to the Designated Approving Authority (DAA) to obtain the Authority to Operate (ATO).  • Assisted in the development of an Information Security Continuous Monitoring Strategy to help Smart Think Inc. in maintaining an ongoing awareness of information security (Ensure continued effectiveness of all security controls), vulnerabilities, and threats to support organizational risk management decisions.  • Assisted in the development of Privacy Threshold Analysis (PTA), and Privacy Impact Analysis (PIA) by working closely with the Information System Security Officer (ISSO), the System Owner, the Information Owners and the Privacy Act Officer  • Developed an E-Authentication report to provide technical guidance in the implementation of electronic authentication (e-authentication)  • Developed a system security plan (SSP) to provide an overview of federal information system security requirements and describe the controls in place.  • Conduct a Business Impact Analyst (BIA) to identify high risk area where audit effort will be allocated to.  • Performed Certification and Accreditation documents in compliance with FISMA/NIST and SOX 404 standards.  • Conducted meetings with the IT client team to gather evidence, developed test plans, testing procedures and documented test results and exceptions.  • Conducted walkthroughs, formulated test plans, documented gaps, test results, and exceptions; and developed remediation plans for each area of testing.  • Performed IT operating effectiveness tests in the areas of security, operations, change management, and email authentication.  • Developed the audit plan and performed the General Computer Controls testing Identified gaps, developed remediation plans, and presented final results to the IT Management team.  • Initiated and lead information security awareness and training programs. IT Compliance Analyst Cvent June 2012 to March 2014 Tyson Corner, VA    • Support implementation of strategic projects to further mature Cvent's information security governance, risk and compliance program leveraging knowledge and past experience working with industry security standards, such as ISO 27001:2013, PCI DSS and the NIST Cybersecurity Framework.  • Respond to security due diligence requests from customers to support sales and customer retention activities as well as global market expansion efforts.  • Conduct risk assessments across Cvent's business verticals and applicable third party vendors; partner with relevant stakeholders at various levels to produce deep insight into security risks and develop actionable risk treatment plans; monitor and support reporting on risk reduction activities.  • Support Cvent's annual security compliance and audit calendar that includes annual PCI DSS, SSAE 18/SOC 1, SOC 2 and ISO 27001:2013 audits as well as customer-initiated audits; conduct internal audits to ensure that compliance towards these standards is maintained.  • Support efforts to develop or continuously improve security controls, processes and procedures across Cvent, as necessary.  • Assist with maintenance of information security program documentation consisting of information security policies, standards, and guidelines, and coordinating management ratification of policies and standards at regular intervals. Information Security Officer ABM Security - New York, NY June 2011 to June 2012 • Conducted periodic IT risk assessment and reviewed IA controls for any deficiencies. Deficient controls are then reported to the ISSO for appropriate mitigation actions  • Conducted security controls assessment to ensure controls are implemented to comply with ISO standards  • Initiated and led information security awareness and training program in order to inform the employees of their roles in maintaining a matured security posture  • Contributed in weekly change management meetings in order to evaluate change requests (systems or application) that could lead to approval or denial of the requests, validated testing results from testing environments and promoted changes to production environment  • Examined information security accreditation request for approval and denial  • Examined events logs for irregularities. Identified irregularities are then reported as incidents. The incident response process is then initiated to mitigate these irregularities  • Involved in security incident management in order to mitigate or resolve events that have the potential to impact the confidentiality, availability, or integrity of information technology resources.  • Created and maintained security metrics in order to help senior management to make decisions  • Involved in third party contract evaluation in order to award contracts in to the most cost effective bidder  • Provided support to internal and external audit teams as required Education CUNY LEHMAN College - Bronx, NY CUNY Bronx Community College - Bronx, NY