Information Security Officer Information <span class="hl">Security</span> Officer Cedar Falls, IA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Information Security Officer VERIDIAN CREDIT UNION May 2013 to Present IT Security Administrator Group O Inc. March 2012 to May 2013 IT Security Analyst II NV Energy August 2007 to March 2012 Education BS Information Systems Network Administration WGU Military Service Branch: Army Service Country: United States Rank: Specialist (E-4) April 2003 to February 2011 Medic (91-w) Certifications/Licenses GIAC GSEC certification Analyst # 21924 August 2009 to August 2017 Additional Information • Process improvement and efficiency guru  ? Reduced Intrusion Prevention System (IPS) alerts by 90% via geo-ip filtering  ? Automated vulnerability identification and prioritization process resulting in 95% reduction in total instances of vulnerabilities  ? Automated setting random passwords for new employees lowering easily guessed passwords by 85%     • Translating technical risks into actionable business objectives  ? Created and Implemented IT Security Awareness programs for three companies that included in person training, videos, secure code review process and checklist, policies, and procedures  ? Implemented quarterly remote social engineering campaigns leading to the exploit of 75% of all staff and 98% post exploitation successful retest rate  ? Passphrase project implanted resulting in 99% reduction in total number of passwords that could be cracked via brute force, Hybrid, Dictionary, or precomputed hash attacks     • Risk identification and mitigation expert -  ? Weak password removal via Password audits using Cracking tools (L0phtCrack 6, HashCat, Armitage, Mimi Katz)  ? Vulnerability discovery, prioritization, and risk mitigation (Nessus, Security Center, Metasploit, OpenVAS)   ? Web Application Penetration (WAP) tests with Burp Suite and ZAP Proxy  ? Automating Active Directory Audits and remediation steps (AD Tidy, AD manager plus, PowerShell)  ? Aggregating, analyzing and correlating event logs and firewall logs using Juniper’s Security Threat and Response Manager (STRM), LogRhythm's SIEM, and EIQ Network's Securevue SIEM.    • Seasoned Incident Response Lead –  ? Led cross functional incident response team to successfully mitigate risk of data breach  ? Developed and implemented Incident Response programs for three companies over the last 9 years     • Active Directory Master  ? Domain Admin for 10 years  ? Microsoft Certified IT Professional MCITP for 5 years  ? Automated User lifecycle (provisioning, transfer, termination) management in three domains  ? Restructured three separate domains to Role Based Access Control (RBAC) Model  ? Implemented compensating controls to prevent Pass The Hash exploit in four domains    • Implementing strategic and operational IT Security   ? Built and managed IT Security departments for the last 4 years  ? Architected 5 year strategy for two companies providing plan to identify and manage current and emerging threats  ? Hired development staff and led them to develop .NET application automating user provisioning, transfer, and termination  ? Implementing and Managing Web Application Firewall (WAF)  ? Implemented multi-factor authentication for internal and external assets (Duo- Security / Google authenticator)  ? Implementing and managing DDOS and Geo-IP filtering Solutions (Corero)  ? Endpoint Security agents, antivirus, whole disk encryption, application whitelisting, device control  ? Implementing, maintaining and customizing McAfee Host and Network Data Loss Prevention (DLP) System