IT Security Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Minneapolis, MN Sponsorship required to work in the US Work Experience IT Security Analyst Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) - Golden Valley, MN November 2017 to Present Vulnerability management for a Major Manufacturing company.    The Main goal of this project is to assist the client in remediating all the identified IT security vulnerabilities thereby ensuring a secure environment and maintaining its compliance to the existing standards being followed such as SOX and PCI.    Carried out following activities:  • Develop long term and short-term remediation plans for the vulnerabilities found in the client environment.  • Consult with App owners/Business owners to understand their requirements and determine the feasibility and timeline for implementing changes/fixes to resolve existing vulnerabilities and thus comply with SOX, PCI and other Security Standards.  • Work with Assurance partner to get the In-Scope vulnerability scan List and Translate into action plans by separating out the false positives.  • Co-ordinate with partner teams to implement changes within the agreed time window.  • Work on Assurance and Internal/External Auditor findings to remediate gaps.  • Store and archive review evidence for Audit and Assurance purpose.  • Conduct walkthrough of controls and action plans to internal and external regulatory audits.  • Develop and review all documentation pertaining to Vulnerability assessment to ensure the processes and practices being followed are in line with the organizational polices and regulatory guidelines.  • Co-ordinate with Offshore team to prioritize the remediation plans for High, medium and low risk vulnerabilities.  • Participate in SWAT calls if necessary to speed up the execution of the decided action plans.  • Record and report the findings and their status in the form of mails, presentations or dashboards to the Client management.    Operating System Windows 7  Languages SQL and PostgreSQL query  Special Software Rapid 7, MVM scanner, Tableau, MS Office, SQL management studio, Pgadmin, ServiceNow, remedy  Project Location Golden Valley, Minnesota IT Security Analyst Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) - Brooklyn Park, MN July 2014 to October 2017 IT Security Compliance for a Major Retail Chain    The Main goal of this project is to assist the client in maintaining its IT Security, compliant to the existing standards being followed such as SOX, PCI, GLBA and HIPAA. This involves Scoping (via assessment) of Entitlements/ Security groups that are regulated, reviewing access to these groups on a quarterly basis, Validation of the review process and storing the evidence for Audit and Assurance Purpose.     Carried out the following activities:   • Consult with App owners/Business owners to determine the scope for Access review to comply SOX, PCI, HIPPA, GLBA and client’s Security Standards.  • Work with Assurance partner to get the In Scope regulated App List and Translate in to Access Review Scope.  • Execute Access Review control end to end.  • Consolidate Scope and flag them in Oracle Identity Manager  • Perform Data discrepancy Analysis to check consistency of connectors and work with engineering team to remediate GAPS.  • Work on Assurance and Internal/External Auditor findings to remediate Access gaps.  • Store and archive review evidence for Audit and Assurance purpose.  • Conduct walkthrough of controls to internal and external regulatory audits.  • Perform Quarterly Access Review to determine Appropriateness of Access.  • Use Oracle BI in generating the Reports and Provide necessary information for the Auditors.  • Perform Catalog Clean up, to reduce efforts for Sync Jobs to connectors.  • Work with Business/Application owners to develop Data Access model.  • Archer is used to record the control status, Finding, GAPS and remediation.  • Work with Identity Management design team on cleanup activities  • Determine scope Procedures and applicable regulatory guidelines.  • Perform a risk assessment on all newly created entitlements and add them to scope accordingly.  • Recorded and reported review findings as required by the functional area.  • Maintain Compliance flag on the OIM DB through backend.  • Perform changes to Data Access Model in controlled environment with reviews.  • Work on other Access Management compliance Area like Password Vault necessity, Interactive, Password Policy etc. on special projects.   • SME for Appropriateness of Access carried out on SOX, PCI, HIPPA and GLBA related Applications on all platforms including non-user accounts.  • Store QAR Evidence for future records and external auditors.  • Provide Write write-ups on Access Control for Filling SOX report.  • Conduct walkthrough of controls to internal and external regulatory audits.  • Reporting control status.  • Work with Compliance Managers on Audit requirements and change of scope of controls.    Operating System Windows 7  Languages VB, SQL and PostgreSQL query  Special Software Oracle Identity Manager Suite, MS Office, SQL management studio, Pgadmin, ServiceNow  Project Location Brooklyn Park, Minnesota Project Lead tat - Chennai, Tamil Nadu April 2010 to June 2014 Distributed Systems Operations for a Major US Retail Chain    The Main goal of this project is to assist the client in the maintenance of infrastructure and applications for all the domains, thereby supporting client to perform its daily business activities. This involves Event Management, alert reduction activities by process oriented solution or technical solution through Problem Management and Engineering activities. Resolution of client’s diverse Infrastructure and application services related issues.    Carried out the following activities:   • Day to day support and monitoring system availability , performance and capacity in the form of Events/Alerts and identifying problems  • Dedicated support to planned and unplanned maintenance activities throughout the target environment  • Responding to Control M adhoc requests to ensure smooth functioning of various applications used within client environment.  • Providing extensive support to client’s business critical implementations  • Participating in Global recovery conference bridges to speed up the resolution process.  • Reviewing and updating the documents used within the project on a regular basis  • Regular meetings with client to discuss about the various challenges/updates/achievements within the project.   Operating System Windows XP/Windows 7/Unix  Special Software Control M, WebSphere, MS Office, HP Service Desk, ServiceNow  Project Location Chennai, India  Additional Role: Crisis Management Lead  • Responsible to conduct and ensure effectiveness of BCP/ DR plan for the entire account.  • Perform impact assessment and document all the available assets and their vulnerabilities and associated threats to reduce overall RTO by planning for each of the probable scenarios that may arise.  • Manage Risk Register for the account. Trainee Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) - Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu January 2010 to March 2010 Training on Windows, Linux, Networking and ITIL basics. Education B.Tech in Electronics & Communication Government Model Engineering College (Affiliated to Cochin University of Science and Technology) - Cochin, Kerala 2009 Skills Microsoft office (7 years), Agile (3 years), sql (6 years), PostgresSQL (1 year), IT security compliance (3 years), vulnerability management (2 years), Project Management (4 years), ITIL (7 years), Windows (5 years), Unix Administration (5 years), servicenow (5 years), Tableau (2 years), Business Continuity (5 years), Risk Management (3 years) Certifications/Licenses ITIL v3 Scrum Master servicenow