IT Security Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Security Analyst - MineCorp PLC Philadelphia, PA I am an innovative and experienced IT Helpdesk Engineer and willing to share the knowledge for the growth of the organization. My analytical abilities help me to pay attention to detail while working in the team and on individual basis.  I am a multi-tasking individual as well as adept in team environments to adjust to the changes that can crop up in working with different situations, with excellent people skills. I am looking for a role where I can harness my expertise and showcase my commitment in an organization that can provide me with the necessary growth and nurture my talent and bring out best of my skills to seek constant process improvement with the help of technology. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Security Analyst MineCorp PLC - New York, NY September 2015 to Present ·      Remotely access user’s machines and assist with troubleshooting and virus/malware repair.  ·      Managed service support for 500+ small to mid-size companies.  ·      Network monitoring, troubleshooting and active directory group policy enforcement.  ·      Working with vendor for technical support to create tickets for problems that needed escalated.   ·      Answered phones on a multiline system with a que and entered tickets into ticketing system.  ·      Maintained GPO Security groups, user accounts through active directory.   ·      Enforced Group Policy Objects to create a secure infrastructure & Created ID’s, roles, groups OU’s etc. Helpdesk Engineer Genpact October 2011 to July 2015 • Sustained high level communication and adapted to dynamic team environments.  • On call/ email support, creating work Ticket also troubleshooting issues with end users.  • Performed troubleshooting analysis of workstations and associated systems.  • Update security programs and admin password changes to prevent unauthorised access to privileged data.  • Manage active directory user accounts, permissions, email antivirus gateway.  • Supported calls/emails for Windows 10, Mac OSX in client's environment.  • Helped customers with password reset through active directory, user management.  • Achieved Top Desktop Support analyst award - 2013.    Technical Skills: - Active Directory, Group Policy objects, Citrix, WebEx, Cisco any connect, VPN, Remote Desktop, 2-Factor Authentication, Outlook & OWA, Ticketing, Windows 7,10, Microsoft Exchange & Office 365 Education Master's in Computer application Jaipur University - india 2011 to 2012 Bachelor of Engineering in Engineering Rajasthan University 2007 to 2011 Skills Active Directory (5 years), Citrix (3 years), Webex (3 years), VPN (3 years)