IT Security Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Security Analyst Scottsdale, AZ Work Experience IT Security Analyst Wells Fargo - St. Louis, MO 2008 to 2015 Responsible for Evaluating and troubleshooting information security systems, which included systems used for security monitoring and detection, response systems, identity and trust management systems, and security compliance systems. They would support information security strategies by researching and evaluating procedures to ensure the protection of the systems. Analyzing and evaluating data to identify security risks and exposures in support of information security systems operations and maintenance. Assisted with the development of information security requirements in context of business needs, which included working with internal customers from the business side to create access controls, data integrity and confidentiality controls, and security compliance controls. Supported information security strategies by researching and evaluating procedures to ensure the protection of the systems. Analyzed and evaluate data to identify security risks and exposures in support of information security systems operations and maintenance. Managed the development of information security requirements in context of business needs, which included working with internal customers from the business side to create access controls, data integrity and confidentiality controls, and security compliance controls. Systems Administrator CitiMortgage - O'Fallon, MO 2006 to 2008 IT Support  Interact with customers using email, telephone and ticketing system to troubleshoot and resolve issues. Including taking ownership of the issue and seeing it all the way through to resolution. I maintained solid knowledge in directory services to manage user access to network resources. As well as managing and generating reports on mobile devices; tracks and issues remote user access tokens. Following guidelines with troubleshoots DNS, WINS and DHCP. Supported web access, electronic messaging, collaboration, remote access and terminal services. Supports IIS functionality to include the ability to maintain and troubleshoot websites and the use of advanced options. Supports and troubleshoots FTP, HTTP and SSL. Maintained file shares on Windows Servers and Network Attached Storage (NAS); manages data migration to new servers as required. Forecasts storage requirements and facilitates archiving and electronic discovery. Sustains availability and security of print server queues, downloading new print drivers and adding networked printers/copiers/scanners to directory services database Education Bachelor of General Studies in Computer Science University of Missouri - Columbia, MO 2006 Skills Linux (7 years), Adobe Photoshop (7 years), IT Management (10+ years), Microsoft Outlook (10+ years), Microsoft Office Suite (7 years) Certifications/Licenses A+ Certified Additional Information OF SKILLS    • Excellent communication skills both written and verbal  • Advanced knowledge of Microsoft Operating systems, and Microsoft Office Applications, general knowledge of Telephony systems.  • A+, Network+, Security+, Microsoft or other Industry Certifications  • Experience examining overall documentation of unusual or complex transactions to ensure accuracy & completeness  • Customer focused with high comfort level working independently and with diverse groups and individuals  • Proficient in IT experience supporting PC's, networks and systems. Experience installing, configuring, and troubleshooting PC operating systems (MS Windows, Linux) and Microsoft Exchange Server, VMware Virtualization Platforms and Clusters.  • Management and Leadership Skills  • Excellent organizational, planning and problem solving skills  • Experience with configuring and maintaining business critical information security technology  • Demonstrated competence in a variety of IT concepts, practices and procedures  Extensive Linux experience (Redhat, Centos, Ubuntu or Debian) and underlying network applications