Job Seeker Work Experience Intelliverb Inc - Laurel, MD September 2014 to Present • Current Intelliverb Projects: www.DataRake.com, www.BizRake.com  • Launching Amazon EC2 Cloud Instances using Amazon Machine Images (Linux) and Configuring launched instances with respect to specific applications.  • Migration to Cloud Platform  • Installed application on AWS EC2 instances and configured the storage on S3 buckets.  • Perform S3 buckets creation, policies and the IAM role based polices  • Implemented and maintained the monitoring and alerting of production and corporate servers/storage using AWS Cloud watch  • Build servers using AWS, importing volumes, launching EC2, RDS, creating security groups, auto-scaling, load balancers (ELBs) in the defined virtual private connection.  • Identify vulnerabilities, recommend corrective measures and ensure the adequacy of existing information  • Execute and support vulnerability assessments: vulnerability scanning, penetration testing, outcomes analysis, issues remediation.  • Document deficiency findings in the remediation tracking spreadsheet.  • Prepare detail practices and procedures on technical processes IT Security Analyst AWS Cloud Computing - Beltsville, MD May 2012 to June 2014 • Migration to AWS cloud platform  • Launching Amazon EC2 Cloud Instances using Amazon Machine Images-AMIs (Linux) and Configuring launched instances with respect to specific applications.  • Install application on AWS EC2 instances and configured on S3 bucket storage.  • Perform S3 buckets creation, policies and the IAM role based polices  • Implement and maintain the monitoring and alerting of production of corporate servers/storage using AWS Cloud watch  • Build servers using AWS, importing volumes, launching EC2, RDS, creating security groups, auto-scaling, load balancers (ELBs) in the defined virtual private connection.  • Conduct interview and examine documents to determine security controls implementation status and effectiveness using NIST 800-53a - assessment procedures.  • Review organizational policies, procedures, plan addressing federal, state, laws and supporting mission and business functions.  • Document security controls assessment in SAR, POA&M, SSP to obtain system ATO package.  • Identify vulnerabilities, recommend corrective measures and ensure the adequacy of existing information security controls.  • Use of Security Alert Systems - links and publications - such as US-CERT to maintain System good security posture  • Execute and support vulnerability assessments: vulnerability scanning, penetration testing, outcomes analysis, issues remediation.  • Review system security plan and implemented security controls in accordance with NIST 800-53 and 800-18 requirements  • Document deficiency findings in the remediation tracking spreadsheet.  • Prepare detail practices and procedures on technical processes  • Conduct security assessment that includes SSP review, security controls verification/validation, vulnerability scan, and assessment documentation  • Assess security controls to determine implementation, functionality, and effectiveness  • Support the continuous monitoring effort through monthly vulnerability scan analysis, status reporting, and annual assessment. Scanning include (system scanning with Nessus and web scanning with Webinspect)  • Participate in kick-off and close out meetings to summarize key findings and recommendations. Database Administrator Bereans Partners - Silver Spring, MD August 2009 to May 2012 • Collaborated with the System Administrator to configure any Hardware requirement and Software application that uses Oracle Database as background support.  • Managed the Database users through profile, privileges and roles.  • Collaborated with the analysis group and developer team to design optimal solutions of Oracle 9i, 10g, and 11g to provide High Availability (DATA GUARD, STREAMS, ASM, and RAC).  • Designed and implemented sound backup policies (using RMAN, Operating System and, scripts) and recovery strategies (Flashback Technologies, Complete Recovery, incomplete recovery and standard RMAN recovery).  • Migrated test environments to production environments (i.e. cloning, pointing to the production environment, or redeployment). Education Master of Security Science in Security Science COUNCIL University - Albuquerque, NM 2014 Master of Science in Physics in Electronics University of Yaoundé 1987 Bachelor of Science in Physics in Physics University of Yaoundé 1986 Skills Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (6 years), AWS (6 years), Database (2 years), EC2 (6 years), security (6 years) Additional Information SKILLS/KNOWLEDGE    • Extensive AWS Cloud-based Hosting Solution Architecture AWS- EC2, S3, RDS, ELB, SQS  • Migration from on-premise to AWS Cloud platform  • High-Availability, Fault Tolerance, Scalability, prediction, Database Concepts, Systems  • Develop Deployment Architecture for Automated Systems Deployment within Amazon-AWS  • Excellent customer facing skills & communication skills  • Document System Security Plan (SSP), Security Assessment Report (SAR), Plan of Action & Milestone (POA&M), Configuration Management Plan, Contingency Plan, Privacy Impact Analysis (PIA), Privacy Threshold Analysis (PTA)  • Oracle Database Administration, Database Design and Database Security  • Familiarity with Docker Containers and Kubernetes containers