IT Security Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Security Analyst Minneapolis, MN Bachelor Science Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Security Analyst Infinity Consulting Solutions March 2016 to March 2017 1. Identity and access management: Active Directory, Workday, MS Office, Sailpoint, Okta, Service Now  2. New hires, server security and, data access: AD, powershell, Sailpoint  Express Employment - Contracting group IT User Analyst Cargill January 2015 to January 2016 User Support -  1. Identity and access management: Remedy, MS Office, and Active Directory  2. On-boarding, off-boarding, and transferring  IT Data Analysis -  1. Creating, modifying, and updating reports and documentation: MS Office and SharePoint  2. Collaborating with other access teams such as SAP security team.  Project Management -  1. Office Consolidation - Manage team of 2-6, execution planning, problem-solving  2. Donation Effort: Project scheduling, scope planning, and execution.  Peoplenet - August 2014 - November 2014 - Software testing and warehouse  Software testing -  1. Testing essential software functionality in trucking GPS units, and troubleshooting  Warehouse - inventory, variance reporting, and pre-packing Front Desk Attendant Minnesota State University April 2014 to August 2014 Responsibilities: Answer phone, guest reception and problem solving, and night audit. Review and report budget, revenue, risk, and projection spreadsheets. Tech Assistant Minnesota State University September 2013 to January 2014 Responsibilities:  Staging and Striking - lighting, video, and audio hardware per customer need. Used Mosiac, Avid, and Vioso.  Monitor - signal, level, and performance, troubleshooting hardware and software.  Testing - audio and video hardware Sales Associate Pure Air Solutions October 2012 to April 2013 Responsibility: Demonstrate product, Initiate and Close sales, Customer service  Special Recognition: Top Salesman of the Month for two months Education High School Diploma St.Margaret's High School - Saint Louis Park, MN May 2011 Minnesota State University Mankato - Mankato, MN Skills MS OFFICE (2 years), MICROSOFT SHAREPOINT (1 year), PROJECT MANAGEMENT (1 year), REMEDY (1 year), SHAREPOINT (1 year) Additional Information Skills:  Proficient in Remedy, Sharepoint, Google, Mac, Windows (Photoshop, Microsoft Office, Avid, Adobe, Excel, Windows 8), I am detail and solution oriented and I work well with others. I am currently pursuing a project management certification, as well as a BA of science.    Miscellaneous:  Participated in Benilde-St.Margaret's then nationally recognized Advanced Competitive Science program in robotics.