IT Security Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Security Analyst - SmarthThink Ltd Silver Spring, MD Work Experience IT Security Analyst SmarthThink Ltd March 2016 to Present Conduct kick off meetings to categorize systems according to NIST requirements of  Low, Moderate or High system using FIPS 199 and NIST SP 800-60.  • Assist System Owners and ISSO in preparing Security Assessment and Authorization  (SA&A) package for company's IT systems, make sure that management, operational and technical security controls adhere to a formal and well-established security  requirement authorized by NIST SP 800-53 rev4.•    • Create standard templates for required security assessment and authorization  documents; including risk assessments, security plans, security assessment plans and reports, contingency plans, and security authorization packages.•  •    • Examine and improve System Security Plan (SSP), Risk Assessment (RA), Privacy  Impact Assessment (PIA), System Security test and Evaluation (ST&E) and the Plan of  Actions and Milestones (POA&M).  • Work effectively with all levels of management, staff and cross-functional security  teams within the organization to identify and implement information assurance  controls authorized by NIST SP 800-53.  • Conduct I.T controls risk assessments that includes reviewing organizational policies,  standards and procedures and provide advice on their adequacy, accuracy and compliance with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS).  • Applies the concepts of Enterprise Risk Management help clients to identify, assess,  mitigate and proactively consider emerging risks.  • Provide expert technical security guidance on IT projects such as deployment of new  systems, major system upgrade, and system migration.  • Help clients to be HIPAA compliance by conducting HITRUST / HIPAA audit to evaluate compliance of administrative, physical, technical, organizational and polices  safeguards. IT Security Analyst Family Dollar, NY May 2012 to February 2015 Participated in a weekly team meeting to discuss the status of the System Security  Plan. This also served as information gathering for control implementation description  requirement for the System Security Plan.  • Conducted periodic IT risk assessment and reviewed controls for any deficiencies.  Deficient controls are then reported to the CISO for appropriate mitigation actions.  • Provided technical auditing duties as liaison between IT and Internal Auditing  Department.  • Was a member of the team that Planned, executed and led security audits across the organization related to SOX 404.  • Helped the company meets ISO 27001 standards by conducting internal ISO audit to test organizational internal controls.  • Conducted IT control risk assessments that included reviewing organizational policies,  standards and procedures and provided advice on their adequacy, accuracy and compliance with the Payment Card Industry -Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS).  • Ensured reports are in compliance with Service Organization Control 2 (SOC 2  reports).  • Ensured the Vender Risk Management framework, policies, standards, processes and procedures are adhered to.  • Evaluated the efficiency, effectiveness and compliance of operation processes with corporate security policies and related government regulations.  • Interviewed departmental heads and reviewed existing system documentation to define  specific, measurable, agreed, relevant and theoretically sound audit objectives.  • Executed and properly documented the audit process on a variety of computing  environments and computer applications.  • Assessed the exposures resulting from ineffective or missing control practices IT Compliance Analyst Ministry of Information - GH 2008 to 2011 Assisted compliance manager to administer all processes and procedures, ensured  working within regulation framework and developed and implemented all policies and recommended ways to minimize risk.  • Analyzed all changes recommended and identified appropriate areas in administration and coordinated with functional areas to implement all changes and document same.  • Supported both internal and external audit activities including records collection,  coordinating with other departments to collate all relevant information.  • Managed and coordinated audit-related activities with internal stakeholders and external auditors, and validated contractual obligations to ensure compliance.  • Collaborated with training teams and functional departments to provide appropriate  compliance training and developed compliance training.  • Assisted the compliance manager in evaluating the efficiency of controls and improved  them from time to time.  • Revised procedures periodically to identify hidden compliance risks to avoid future  occurrences and seeking out any weakness in the company.  • Assisted in the preparation of compliance reports to senior management. IT Officer Ministry of Information - GH 2007 to 2008 • Installed, configured computer systems and solved technical application problems in the Department.  • Monitored and maintained the computer systems and networks in the office.  • Assisted in securing and managing effective operation of all computer systems and applications that are used in the office.  • Recommended IT strategies and procedures by identifying problems; suggested  possible recovery and back up procedures.  • Assisted in managing and maintaining the organizational website.  • Verified application results by conducting system audit of technologies implemented.  • Tested and evaluated new software technologies for the Department.  • Worked with IT team members in accomplishing goals and targets set.  • Performed any other related duties assigned by the IT Director. Education Bachelors of Arts in Sociology University of Ghana Diploma in computer science NIIT Security College Additional Information • Excellent Knowledge in the Risk Management Framework (RMF)..  • Many Years of Experience in FISMA, FedRAMP, and NIST Special Publications•  • Extensive knowledge of completing Security Assessment and Authorization  documentation in compliance with company standards•  • In Depth knowledge of SOX, ISO 27001, SSAE18, HIPAA, and PCI-DSS Framework•  • Experience in Vendor Assessment Management•  • Follow directions with minimal guidance•  • Strong written / verbal communication skills•  • Possess leadership and team development skills•