IT Security Engineer <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> Engineer IT Security Engineer West Palm Beach, FL • A highly skilled Information Technology ( IT) Security Engineer with a Bachelor's Degree in Information Security and Technical certifications that meets DOD approved requirements.  • I have nine years of experience in the IT field with currently seven years of hands on experience in the realm of IT Security. This includes a several PCI compliance projects, building the internal vulnerability scanning system, and preforming minimal pen test against the environment along with the achievement of security certification for the organization.  • An efficient IT Security Engineer with strong analytical and problem-solving abilities well organized and detail oriented, requiring little or no direct supervision. Work Experience IT Security Engineer Swisher International - Jacksonville, FL May 2018 to Present • Incident Response to security events in the environment  • Assisted in the development of the IT Security Budget  • Manage and secured Microsoft Azure Cloud presents with Manage 2 Factor Authentication  • Setup and build End Users training  • Office 365 Admin for security IT Security Specialist Safariland Group - Jacksonville, FL February 2016 to May 2018 • Deployed Rapid7 InsighIDR SEIM Monitoring and managed the day to day activities of threats and vulnerabilities  • Developed Safariland IT Security Strategy  • Assisted in the development for the IT Security Budget  • Developed and assisted with the understanding for vendors to ensure Safariland data is secure  • Lead all security incidents that took place at Safariland from internal issues to those that took place from integrations Information Security Analyst ERC - Jacksonville, FL April 2015 to January 2016 • Plan and coordinate ERC's data gathering efforts and responses for Client Audits, as well as all IT and Security Audits (ISO 27001, SSAE 16, and PCI Audits)  • Plans and coordinate project/Audit scheduling  • Directly responsible for internal audit functions, escalations, and remediation's to ensure organization compliance with all security related policies  • Achieved ISO 27001:2013, Hi-Tech HIPAA, SSAE-16 Type II Certifications Security Analyst Jacksonville Aviation Authority June 2014 to May 2015 • Setting up system and configuring alerts for the Dell Secure Works, Solar Winds SEIM.  • Continues work to maintain PCI compliance for an environment that's year revenue totals 16 million dollars.  • Went through a Florida Law Enforcement Audit that found we were compliant with FBI Criminal Justice Security Policy.  •Taken part in incident management, incident response for PCI violations and other events that have  taken place in the environment.  • Assisted with the Change Management process for compliance. Systems Administrator Jacksonville Aviation Authority - Jacksonville, FL April 2012 to May 2015 Security/System Administrator Jacksonville Aviation Authority April 2012 to June 2014 • Develop the 5-year IT Security Road map for JAA this type of document has never been put in place.  • Crafted IT security policies for the JAA.  • Local Area Security Officer (LASO) for the JAA Police Department  • Manage the Security patches for the Server environment with the use of WSUS.  • Creating, developing, and managing Active Directory and Group Policies. Education Bachelor's in Information System Security ITT Technical Institute-Jacksonville - Jack, AL March 2011 to March 2013 Associate in Computer Networking Systems ITT Technical Institute-Jacks - Jacks, OK December 2008 to December 2010 Bachelor's Skills Office 365, Incident Response, Vulnerability Management, SIEM, Compliance, Cyber Security, Active Directory, Microsoft Azure, Virtualization, Server 12/16/19, Pen Testing, Business Continuity,, Cyber Security, Information Security, Siem, Nist Certifications/Licenses Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH) August 2016 to August 2019 ITIL v3 February 2013 to Present