IT Security Specialist <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> Specialist IT Security Specialist - SE Solutions Laurel, MD Irfan has six years of professional experience in auditing. Irfan has strong audit knowledge and is familiar with the entire audit process from planning, execution, and reporting phase. Some of the specific area that Irfan has working experience in IT general controls, and A-123 OMB Circular Review, also, gained extensive knowledge in guidance including RMF, FISCAM, and NIST SP 800-53 and 37. Irfan can adapt to any environment and to work in teams to face challenges presented, efficiently and successfully. Irfan is currently working towards the Certified Authorization Professional (CAP) certification. Work Experience IT Security Specialist SE Solutions October 2018 to Present • Worked as a Security Control Assessor to review the System Security Plan, Contingency Plan/Test and provided feedback to Information System Security Officer and Certified Agent.  • Daily led meetings to obtain statuses on current expired Authority to Operate to be provided to leadership for briefing.  • Reviewed and updated the requirement tracebility matrix to create the security assessment and risk assessment report.  • Helped close open change request by reviewing the pre/post implementation scans and configuration artifacts.  • Created metrics for all open CR report with the appropriate statuses to present to leaderships.  • Reviewed and created packages for Memorandum of Agreement and Interconnection Security Agreement to be approved by the Chief Information Officer.  • Managed plan of action and milestone process and provided a monthly status.  • Created ATO binders with the remediation plan, security plan, CP/CPT for the leadership to review and approve.  • Helped write policies and procedures on a manual process of a Data Call. Led monthly data calls with the stakeholders.  • Created multiple reports and metrics to provide statuses to leadership on the systems ATOs, Vulnerabilities, Malware Defense, and Scan Compliance.  • Created a project plan for all systems that were reporting zero scanned assets to help increase the scorecard metrics.  • Took on project management duties such as, approving timesheet for 10 employees, keep track of their PTOs, telework, on/off boarding process. Senior Consultant MorganFranklin January 2017 to October 2018 • Tracked and reconciled statuses of all auditor Provided by Client (PBC) requests, testing samples/follow-up questions/exceptions, Notice of Findings and Recommendations (NFRs) & Corrective Action Plans (CAPs) for client's Budget Submitting Offices (BSOs).  • Created/developed executive level metrics reports on active audit engagements.  • Led reconciliation meetings with client's Audit Response Division (FMO-3) Regions and Independent Public Accountant (IPA) to reconcile any differences in PBC statuses, due dates, descriptions, and metrics.  • Uploaded and routed PBCs, samples, follow-ups, and exceptions to appropriate stakeholders within the Audit Response Center (ARC) Tool.  • Served as a direct liaison to auditors and key stakeholders to provide audit support through each phase of the client's financial statement audit.  • Reviewed work products to ensure technical accuracy, deliverable quality, and overall value to client.  • Tracked remediation activities from process owners and stakeholders.  • Developed/revised presentations, briefings, memorandums, and Standard Operating Procedure (SOP) documents.  • Wrote policies for IT security controls in accordance with FISCAM, CNSSI-1253, NIST publications, and Department of Navy Enterprise IT control standards.  • Identified internal controls issues within our clients' IT environment and developed gap analyses.  • Developed an understanding of core IT processes and look for opportunities to help IT management in gaining process efficiencies and control optimization. IT Senior Security Analyst Accenture Federal Services January 2015 to January 2017 • Collaborated with team members to get an understanding of the client's architecture and process.  • Performed testing on ITGCs and Application Controls in accordance with FISCAM and NIST SP 800-53.  • Assisted in preparing draft audit planning documents, risk-based modified audit procedures, and final reports for review by the Manager.  • Identified deficiencies in the design and operating effectiveness of controls and provide recommendations.  • Performed walkthroughs of software and hardware operations with clients surrounding the application, operating system, and database layers to address IT control objectives.  • Escalated deficiencies pertaining to control designs to client's management during weekly remediation meetings.  • Performed remediation testing for open CAPs and NFRs.  • Assisted with creating Standard of Operating Procedures, Interface Control Agreements, and Audit logging and Monitoring documents.  • Assisted with the development of a technical audit program including designing templates, policy improvements, and alignment of assessments with Federal policies.  • Developed audit reports for senior management to summarize audit results.  • Trained new hires and performed training on ITGC, FISCAM and NIST.  • Reviewed work of new associates and provide feedback on the work performed. Grant Thornton LLP September 2013 to January 2015 IT Audit  • Assisted in the planning, execution, and completion of information systems audits, business process control reviews, and other service offerings in a variety of industries from an IT perspective. Identifying risk areas, preparing audit scope and objective and audit programs.  • Contributed in preparing the FISCAM Training.  • Worked with audit and assurance teams and the client to help plan engagement strategy, help define objectives, and help address technology-related controls risks.  • Assisted in the review of operational, financial, and technology processes to provide management with an individual assessment of business risk, internal control, and the overall effectiveness and efficiency of the process.  • Worked with management consulting teams to implement controls in new systems deployment.  • Assisted with the evaluation and testing of business processes and business controls and identify areas of risk. Education Bachelor's of Science in Accounting in Accounting Virginia Commonwealth University - Richmond, VA May 2012 Skills Excel (Less than 1 year), Excellent organizational skills (Less than 1 year), organizational skills (Less than 1 year), Powerpoint (Less than 1 year), Visio (Less than 1 year)