Security Analyst <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Security Analyst looking for a new opportunity. Phoenix, AZ I am seeking a position in the IT Cyber Security field where I can leverage my experience as an Security Analyst and working with Windows Server 2016, Cisco networking, and Linux. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Security Analyst DataShield - Scottsdale, AZ February 2019 to May 2019 • Assist analyst investigation and ticket creation efforts. Provide daily monitoring and alerting of events that occur within the near real-time environment   • Analyze network flow data for anomalies and detect malicious network activity  • Observe security solutions; SIEMs, firewall appliances, intrusion prevention systems, data loss prevention systems, analysis tools, log aggregation tools IT Security Operator StormWind Studios - Scottsdale, AZ January 2017 to February 2019 • Maintained a Microsoft AD domain and all servers involved to support a site of 150 employees running a heterogeneous environment of Windows and Mac OS devices.  • Nextiva Cloud Based Communication maintenance and setup   • Developed and Implemented software-enforced and organizational security policies.  • Developed and Implemented hardware and software inventory systems.  • Monitored and managed Meraki bandwidth and loss.  • Monitored and managed logs from Security Onion.  • Built and managed the production domain with multiple Domain Controllers, DNS Servers, VMware and Hyper-V Servers.  • Managed updates with group policies and WSUS Servers.  • Built and maintained building of our Network including Wired, Wireless, and WAN elements   • Performed system updates and upgrades according to best practices and corporate policies. IT Technician Delgado's Computer Repair - El Paso, TX July 2015 to January 2017 * Performed work orders for OnForce and FieldNation, (www.fieldnation.com/jdelgado).  * Troubleshoot computer and mechanical electronic equipment and monitor and ensure network connectivity.  * Sever and network equipment installations. Fire Support Specialist U.S. Army - Fort Bragg, NC June 2006 to May 2012 * Performed Reconnaissance, Surveillance and Target Acquisition.  * Prepared documentation and correspondence for Company Commander and First Sergeant.  * Set up and operated various communications systems. Education Associates in Applied Science in Applied Science Western Technical College (WTC) November 2016 Skills Active Directory (Less than 1 year), APs (Less than 1 year), Audits (Less than 1 year), DNS (2 years), Security (2 years), Cyber Security, Information Security, It Security, Cybersecurity, Information Assurance, Linux, Network Security, training, testing, HTML, access Military Service Branch: United States Army Rank: E4 Additional Information SUMMARY OF SKILLS  • Firewall experience including Cisco firewalls including 5512-X ASAs, Cisco Meraki MX84 Firewalls  • Cisco Meraki APs, Umbrella, OpenDNS.  • Server 2012, Server 2016, Active Directory, Domain Controllers, DNS, Group Policies, Security, WSUS  • Cisco Router & AP's Installations, Network Troubleshooting  • Risk Management, Network Security Audits, Log Analysis  • BackTrack / Kali Linux, NMAP, Metasploit