Data Analyst, Commercial Insurance IT Security Data <span class="hl">Analyst</span>, Commercial Insurance <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> Data Analyst, Commercial Insurance IT Security - Liberty Mutual Cambridge, MA Experienced Data Analyst who can lead and mentor junior developers through the full reporting development life cycle. 2 years of experience in SSIS, SQL Server, and Power BI. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Data Analyst, Commercial Insurance IT Security Liberty Mutual - Boston, MA February 2018 to Present ? Co-led development of an AWS vulnerability reporting tool that resulted in the remediation of 50% of identified unencrypted resources tied to applications since product launch in July 2018.  ? Created Power BI reports to identify vulnerabilities tied to various AWS resource types.  ? Assisted with Python development to pull data from AWS accounts and push to a SQL Server database.  ? Moved from CI IT Analytic Solutions to CI IT Security due to company re-structure. Data Analyst, Commercial Insurance IT Analytic Solutions Liberty Mutual - Seattle, WA March 2016 to January 2018 ? Developed automated dashboards using SSIS, SQL, PowerPivot, and Power View to visualize data around security metrics that management could use for vulnerability remediation efforts.  ? Became technical lead of security reporting initiatives within the team due to expansion of security reporting requests and initial success working with security Product Owner.  ? Utilized SSIS to load data from XML files, SharePoint lists, and databases as well as push data updates to various internal SharePoint lists.  ? Mentored junior developers to build dashboards and ETL solutions for Security Metrics initiatives within the overall Analytic Solutions team. Technical Development Program Liberty Mutual - Portsmouth, NH June 2014 to August 2016 ? Participated in two-year entry-level IT development program and rotated through three positions: Business Systems Analyst, Data Lead, and Data Analyst.  ? Gained experience in SQL, Java, project management, requirements gathering, and quality assurance.  ? Remained on the Analytic Solutions team after the third and final rotation of the program. Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Information Systems Bentley University - Waltham, MA May 2014 Skills SQL (3 years), JAVA (1 year), MICROSOFT SHAREPOINT (2 years), Power BI (2 years), SSIS (2 years), SQL Server (2 years), BI (2 years), Python (Less than 1 year) Additional Information Technical Skills  Advanced: SQL, Power BI, SSIS, SQL Server, Microsoft Excel, JIRA  Proficient: SharePoint 2013, Python, Java, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Microsoft Access