I.T. Security Engineer I.T. <span class="hl">Security</span> Engineer IT Security Specialist Oshkosh, WI Over eight years in an information security role. Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP). Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience I.T. Security Engineer Michels Corporation April 2015 to Present • Perform security review for all existing and new network, server, and datacenter architecture designs  • Developed the I.T. Security policy implemented across the company  • Review CheckPoint firewall rules to improve security and performance of network  • Manage security policy using Sophos anti-virus for endpoints and servers  • Configure server environment to support log gathering for LogRhythm SIEM alerts Security Operations Analyst Publicis Groupe July 2012 to April 2015 • Perform vulnerability assessment and penetration testing over a global network of systems  • Discover and implement proprietary and open source tools as needed for further vulnerability discovery  • Responsible for researching new threats to the environment and determine potential impact  • Collaborate with IT and business management to raise awareness of and solutions to security threats  • Develop and maintain Splunk apps and dashboards to detect operational and security problems I.T. Security Specialist Oklahoma State University January 2009 to June 2012 Experience managing RSA and Symantec Data Loss Prevention solutions to detect confidential  information, protecting tens of thousands students' and employees' identities  • Administer assignment and distribution of RSA SecurID tokens, promoting authentication integrity  • Respond to both internal and external customer support tickets, connecting with non-technical employees  • Participate as a part of a small team to respond to network security incidents, stopping countless attacks I.T. Security Intern Oklahoma State University April 2008 to August 2008 • Secured and managed Linux servers with Apache, PHP, and MySQL  • Configured Intrusion Detection Systems with BASE and Snort Education Master of Science in Telecommunications Management Oklahoma State University May 2012 Bachelor of Technology in Information Assurance and Forensics Oklahoma State University - Institute of Technology April 2009 Associate of Applied Science in Web Development and Design Northern Oklahoma College May 2007 Meridian Technology Center May 2006 Additional Information Over eight years employed within an Information Technology Security role. Extensive experience through  educational and professional career in security-related protocols, standards, compliance, and design. Proficient in  network administration for both Windows and Linux environments. Accomplished self-starter and team-builder as  a part of an incident response team.    TECHNICAL SKILLS  Operating Systems: Windows, Debian and Fedora Linux, OSX  Network Operating Systems: Windows Server 2003-2012 R2, CentOS 5-6  Security Tools: Rapid7 Nexpose, Metasploit, Nmap, Burp Suite