Workstation Support Specialist (Intern) Workstation Support Specialist (Intern) IT Security Analyst (Intern) Antioch, CA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Workstation Support Specialist (Intern) Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory - Berkeley, CA August 2015 to May 2017 Responsibilities:   Assess and resolve user problems involving multiple platforms and architectures.   Provide support for Macintosh and PC hardware, networking, printing, lab instrument control systems, and interface issues to users in a scientific research environment.  Provide solutions to questions concerning usage of standard desktop software, including system, utility, security, web browsing, email, electronic scheduling, graphics, antivirus and office productivity software.   Image & configure new computers (desktop, laptops, Mac's) and deliver and setup for the customer.  Support users of standard desktop application software in creating documents, spreadsheets, graphics, web interfaces, and technical databases.  Provide hardware and software break/fix support.  Managing projects which involve at least three people and span at least 6 months each.  Technical writing and curating technical knowledge bases.  Evaluating, selecting and deploying software and hardware products. IT Security Analyst (Intern) Samsung Research America - Mountain View, CA January 2015 to May 2015 Duties and Responsibilities:    IT Security Analyst (Intern)  • Helped establish a new IT security infrastructure for all Samsung Research America Corporate offices.  • Monitored the network for vulnerabilities using Rapid7's Nexpose vulnerability scanner.  • Ran full network audits and created special scan templates to search for specific vulnerabilities.   • Established precedent for scheduled network scan run-times and patch management.  • Implemented a new automated scan schedule that minimizes scan times and less system resources.  • Documented and validated vulnerabilities and exploits using online research and Metasploit software.  • Sent alert scans and screen shots to Splunk automated service.  • Created audit reports and presented findings to the manager and director of IT security.  • Installed software security for compliance, encryption, and data breach.  • Updated software: Service packets, hotfixes, and security patches.  • Mapped and categorized IT assets for the entire SRA.  • Analyzed software problems; researched and recommended alternative software applications and work flow. IT Networking Analyst (Intern) Samsung Research America - Mountain View, CA Responsibilities  • IT software: Pro Discovery, AccessData FTK, Nexpose, Metasploit, Microsoft Baseline Security Analyzer  • Deployment of service packs, security patches and hotfixes for remote desktop PC's and laptops  • Data Management, creating back up, data and system restore, system upgrade, flashing ROM BIOS  • Installing, formatting, and partitioning hard drives for new employee laptops.  • Provided basic assistance to users for the operation of all desktop computers, printers, scanners and standard office computer applications.  • Triage and logged helpdesk calls for assistance before assigning work orders to the appropriate information services staff person.  • Recorded and logged new IT assets to existing inventory.  • Inventoried old devices, negotiated with venders for buy backs.  • Trained front desk personnel on new visitor badge security policy. Education Associate of Science in Computer Networking and Security Los Medanos College - Pittsburg, CA 2014 Bachelor of Science in Industrial-Organizational California State University - Hayward, CA 2006 Additional Information • Strong communication, organizational, and time management skills.  • Strong written, oral and listening skills.  • Solid analytical skills, critical thinking, and problem solving skills.  • High Quality Customer Service: Effective phone skills, pleasant, professional, and courteous manner.  • Bilingual in Spanish  • Hard worker; capable of adapting to meet individual and busines goals  • A passion for learning and understanding new technology    TECHNICAL KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES    • Operating Systems: Windows (98, 2000, XP, Vista, Windows 7), Android OS  • Programming Language(s): C++, Visual Basic.Net  • Software: Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, Power Point, Outlook), Dragon Naturally Speaking,  Pro Discovery Basic, AccessData FTK, Rapid7 Nexpose, Metasploit, Microsoft Baseline Security Analyzer  • Hardware System upgrade: RAM, CPU, CD/DVD, HDD, Power Supply, Expansion Card  • Office Equipment: Desktop, Laptops, Personal Computers, Printers, Scanners, Mobile Devices  • Knowledge of: PC Hardware & Software Data Recovery, Desktop Maintenance, Troubleshooting  • Network Security: system maintenance, optimization procedures including malware protection, virus  and spyware removal, disk cleanup and defrag, uninstall unwanted software  • Deployment of service packs, security patches and hotfixes for remote desktop PC's and laptops  • Computer Forensics: Investigative Procedures and Analysis  • Help Desk: Customer Technical Support  • Computer Networking Hardware/Software  • Data Management, creating back up, data and system restore, system upgrade, flashing ROM BIOS  • Installing, formatting, and partitioning hard drives  • Voice, Video and Network Cabling