IT Security Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Security Analyst - Prospecta IT, LLC, MD Windsor Mill, MD IT Security Analyst with over 3 years of experience in security risk assessments and managing security controls. Possess excellent analytical/strong initiative and qualifications required to excel and succeed. Continuously upgrading and readily prepared to take on new challenges, easily adapt to any emerging technology. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Security Analyst Prospecta IT, LLC, MD December 2016 to Present Duties:    • Assists System Owners and ISSO in preparing (Assessment and Authorization A&A) package for organization IT systems, ensuring that management, operational and technical security controls adhere to formal and well-established security requirements authorized by NIST SP 800-53.  • Contribute to initiating FISMA metrics such as Annual Testing, POA&M Management and program management.  • Assist with review of policy, security alerts guidance, regulations and technical advances in IT security management.  • Perform security control assessment (using the risk management framework) according to NIST SP 800-53A and recommended solutions.  • Perform Vulnerability scanning with Nessus, CIS-CAT and Acunetix.  • Develops standard templates for required security assessment and authorization documents, including risk assessments, security plans, security assessment plans and report, contingency plans security authorization packages.  • Evaluate threats and vulnerabilities of each system and ensure proper safeguards are in place to protect information systems.  • Document and/ or reviewed System Security Plan (SSP), finalized Security Assessment Report (SAR), Security Plan of Action and Milestones (POA&M) and Authorization letter Memorandum (ATO).  • Working knowledge of the Information Systems Security Authorization process, performing Security Authorization activities using National Institute of standard and Technology (NIST) Special Publication 800-Series guidelines and processes, as well as FISMA policies and guidelines.  Communicate effectively through written and verbal means to co-workers, subordinates, clients and leads. IT Risk Analyst Network Dynamics, Inc June 2014 to November 2016 Duties:  • Ensured the contingency plan test was done annually.    • Perform Vulnerability Assessment; using Nessus, CIS_CAT and Acunetix to ensure that risks were assessed, evaluated and proper actions are taken to limit impact on the information and their information systems.    • Oversee the preparation of comprehensive and executive (Assessment and Authorization (A&A) packages for submission to the information Assurance Program Office for approval of an Authorization to Operate (ATO).    • Ensured all POA&M actions are completed and tested in timely fashion to meet client deadlines.    • Performed security categorization of systems using FIPS 199 and NIST SP 800-60.  • Develop and updates SAR, SSP, CP, &POA&M. Desktop Support Technician Success International School Inc - Washington, DC February 2013 to December 2014 Duties:  • Performed hardware and software testing, configuration and installation.  • Performed routine maintenance related to all hardware and software.  • Assisted with PC, server, network and software problems.  • Packaged, tested, deployed and updated software and desktops.  • Created and maintained desktop images.  • Performed routine network and PC installation, maintained and resolved problems.  • Assisted IT team with departmental projects and initiatives.  • Supported local area networks.  • Provided emergency response to reduce down time.  • Performed day-to-day users support. Education B.Sc (Hons) in Business Information Technology London Guildhall University City and Guilds Certification in PC Maintenance Lewisham College - London Skills security Certifications/Licenses ? CompTIA CASP + Certificate#: COMP001021208999 ? CompTIASecurity+ Certificate#: COMP001021208999 ? Amazon Web Services Developer #(396570) ?    CompTIA CASP + Certificate#: COMP001021208999  ?    CompTIASecurity+ Certificate#: COMP001021208999  ?    Amazon Web Services Developer #(396570)