Security Analyst <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Security Analyst - Allina Health Saint Paul, MN • Strong knowledge of SDLC (Software Development Life Cycle) methodologies including Waterfall, and Agile (SCRUM) Software Development  • Experience in interacting with business users to identify business needs, gathering requirements and documenting requirements in Business Requirement Documents (BRD), Functional Requirement Document (FRD) and Software Requirement Specification (SRS) across the project as various deliverables  • Extensive experience on working on Agile frame work, creating user stories, participating in daily scrum session (daily stand ups), maintaining product backlog and release back logs with and without agile tools such as Rally  • Conducted and Facilitated Joint Application Development (JAD), interviews, workshops and requirement elicitation sessions with end-users, clients, stakeholders and development team  • Experience in writing SQL queries and reporting the results back to the team  • Experience in designing business models using UML diagrams such as Use Case diagrams, Class diagrams, activity diagrams, and Sequence Diagrams using Rational tools and Microsoft Visio  • Experienced in handling Change Management  • Vast and vivid experience in analyzing and documenting business requirements and system functional specifications including Use Cases  • Extensive experience in creating Wireframes/UI Design  • Ability to quickly learn new tools, languages, techniques, and technologies  • Skilled in validation and testing complex scenarios for the maintenance of quality standards in projects.  • Experienced in working as a team player in conjunction with developers and other team members, in validation and testing complex scenarios and as well as in maintaining quality standards in projects  • Exceptional Problem Solving and Sound Decision Making capabilities, along with the ability to resolve high priority business and non-business situations  • Highly diplomatic individual who is able to bring different groups to consensus in a conflict situation  • Strong analytical and problem solving skills with the ability to adapt to new environment and meet stringent deadlines  • Excellent communication and presentation skills Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Security Analyst Allina Health - Minneapolis, MN November 2016 to Present Allina Health is a not-for-profit health care system based in Minneapolis, Minnesota. Allina owns and operates 13 hospitals and more than 90 clinics throughout Minnesota and western Wisconsin. I work in the IT security department where we perform/monitor compliance-related access reviews, focus on high-risk application/services and provide oversight and analysis.    Responsibilities:  • Integration of enterprise applications to single sign on technology  • Automated Provisioning- including moving from WebCARF to Service Now  • Role mining, RBAC and certification  • Enterprise password management software tool implementation  • Biometric authentication for Allina Pharmacy to authenticate each step of the prescription filling process within Epic Willow Ambulatory. IT Business Analyst Teachers Retirement Association - Saint Paul, MN November 2015 to August 2016 The Teachers Retirement Association (TRA) is a Minnesota statewide public pension fund that provides retirement, disability and death benefits to Minnesota public school teachers, their families and beneficiaries. The client wanted to deal with the short-coming of their current FROST system (Delphi development IDE and language) by replacing it with Microsoft Visual Studio.NET. The other aim of the project was to eliminate third-party application by developing the required functionality in-house using .NET.    Responsibilities:  • Engaged with specific Subject Matter Expert (SMEs), business managers and other staff to gauge the current process and processes of the project.  • Successfully used Agile methodology for gaining requirements and user stories workshop.  • Prepared Scrum scope, product backlog, and prioritize the backlog.  • Maintained issue log and periodically updated  • Interviewed Business Users to gather Requirements and analyzed the feasibility of their needs by coordinating with the project manager and technical lead.  • Conducted Joint Application Development (JAD) sessions with IT group for open and pending issues. Identified the Key Changes, and participated in Stakeholder Management to communicate effectively within them.  • Involved in UI enhancements and made wireframes and screen mockups.  • Conducted and documented User Acceptance Testing (UAT)  • Performed Gap Analysis of the processes to identify and validate requirements.  • Wrote SQL queries against SQL Server to ensure the validity of the data.  • Performed manual testing of the UI and wrote queries to check the programmed business logic's behaviors.  • Identified/documented data sources and transformation rules required populating and maintaining data warehouse content  • Worked with developers, business users, stakeholders, analysts at various levels at different stages of the SDLC to explain and improve on the requirements for any issues  • Identified UI requirements, created wireframes, prototypes and UI specification.  • Facilitated small change requests during different phases.  • Collaborated with the QA team to ensure adequate testing of software both before and after completion, maintained quality procedures, and ensured that appropriate documentation is in place    Environment: Windows, Microsoft Office Suite, MS Visio, SQL Server, .NET Business Analyst TenA Companies - Saint Paul, MN February 2012 to November 2015 TenA companies have been leading nationally for quality control in the mortgage industry since 1982. They serve thousands of mortgage lenders offering a wide range of business management solutions. The project involved addressing the defects in their current software and enhancing it.    Responsibilities:  • Understood current systems and business process to become the subject mater expert for assigned area.  • Identified and involved all key stakeholders, contributors, and technical resources  • Liaison between the business users/sponsors and the developers/testing staff, ensuring the technical solutions satisfied business requirements.  • Interacted with Subject Matter Experts, asked detailed questions and carefully recorded the requirements in a format that can be reviewed and understood by both business people and technical people  • Gathered business requirements, interacted with the users, developers and the project manager to get a better understanding of the business process, and analyzed and optimized the process.  • Assembled business requirement documents (BRD) and the functional specification as per the user requirements  • Created Use Cases using UML and managed the entire functional requirements life cycle using MS Word templates  • Performed GAP analysis between the "AS-IS" Model of the existing system and the "TO-BE" model to identify the gaps, logged issues relating to the identified gaps and worked with the SME to get clarification  • Participated in various meetings and discussed enhancement and modification request issues.  • Created business process flow and data flow diagrams using MS-Visio  • Helped prepare for and conducted UAT and End-to-End testing of the new system to make sure that all the components are working properly    Environment: MS Office, Windows 2000, MS Visio, UML, Microsoft Access, Microsoft SQL  Server 2008, Activity diagrams, Test Director, Share Point. Mortgage Compliance Analyst US Bank - Bloomington, MN December 2012 to June 2013 Part-time)  US Bank Home Mortgage provides mortgage services in the United States and is based in Minneapolis, Minnesota. I worked in the wholesale compliance department as an specialist and also in the post-closing department to ensure no deficiencies or discrepancies for the purpose to providing saleable loans to investors.    Responsibilities:  • Review loans to ensure compliance with bank, regulatory and investor guidelines and customer service standards and determine acceptability.  • Communicate with lenders and internal personnel to resolve outstanding issues in order to obtain all necessary documentation and ensure completeness and accuracy.  • Deliver loan package in a timely manner to Secondary/Pooling Unit for sale on Secondary Market.  • Reviewed and evaluated the multiple phases of the closed loan including processing and underwriting.  • Identified risk and compensating factors and ensured integrity of data. Education BS in Finance Minnesota State University Skills Business Process analysis (Less than 1 year), Database (Less than 1 year), Excel (Less than 1 year), HTML (Less than 1 year), Microsoft Access (3 years), MICROSOFT SHAREPOINT (Less than 1 year), MS Access (Less than 1 year), MS Office (4 years), MS SharePoint (Less than 1 year), MS SQL Server (Less than 1 year), MS Visio (4 years), Outlook (Less than 1 year), PL/SQL (Less than 1 year), Process analysis (Less than 1 year), Requirement Gathering (Less than 1 year), SharePoint (Less than 1 year), SQL (4 years), SQL Server (Less than 1 year), Visio (4 years), Word (3 years), security, access, Active Directory, testing, training