IT Security Technology Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> Technology <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Associate Technology Analyst - Cerebral Group Moline, IL Security analyst with over six years of experience in information security. Expert and highly familiar with a wide variety of security, engineering, networking, and operating system software. Web developer with two years of experience in Delivering software platforms used across multiple products. Work Experience IT Security Technology Analyst Cerebral Group - Moline, IL June 2018 to Present Provides information technology to partners in the planning, delivery, and/or support of business processes and business practices for strategic business units. Has contact with responsibility focused around department and functional operations. Participates as a team member in various roles. Receives supervision or direction concerning work/schedule. Participates in sharing knowledge. Applies information analyses to assist in the effective implementation of business process. Complete basic changes or improvements to well documented processes. Identify, analyze and apply Information Technology ( IT) and business practices to support strategic business  process/plans. Design, develop, test and integrate technology. Participates in the implementation of information technology and business processes using applications such as Active directory (AD), Amazon Web Services (AWS), SAP, Ames, Host, and Mars. Supports, evaluates, and continuously improves information technology and business processes to maintain alignment with business plans. Performs activities according to project plans and schedule. Web Developer Hartgrove Behavioral Health System - Chicago, IL April 2016 to January 2019 UI, cross-browser compatibility, general web functions and standards. Plan and deliver software  platforms used across multiple products and organizational units. Hands on experience with Web  Applications and programming languages such as HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery and API's.  Functional knowledge and hands on design experience with Web Services (REST, SOAP, etc ..)  Strong grasp of security principles and how they apply to E-Commerce applications. Security Operations Analyst Bank of the West - Omaha, NE March 2010 to February 2016 Monitor, research, assessment and analysis on Intrusion Detection and Prevention tools as well as Anomaly Detection systems, Firewall, Anti virus systems, proxy devices (Arc Sight, Arbor Peak  Flow, SourceFire, Palo Alto Networks, etc). Security incident response. Follow pre-defined actions to handle BAU and High severity issues including escalating to other support groups. Execute daily  ad-hoc tasks and lead small projects as needed. Performance Indicators and weekly and Monthly  Metrics. Perform initial risk assessment on new threats and vulnerabilities. Perform assessment as well as troubleshooting and help isolate issues with IDS/IPS sensors, Anti virus servers,  vulnerability scanners. Participate in daily and ad-hoc conference calls. Self-assessment  processes, and documentation related tasks. Monitoring Closed, Circuit Television (CCTV) systems.  Conduct continual surveillance of multiple video monitors to detect suspicious or criminal activity.  Establish video surveillance sessions using multiple digital video recorders. Conduct assessments of pre-determined locations and identify suspicious activity associated with client's assets and  equipment. Export and prepare video images or recordings of suspicious activity and safeguard as evidence. Provide verbal and written communication of events that transpired. Process video  requests and prepare for distributions for local law enforcement. Education Bachelor of Science in Criminal Justice Kaplan University - Lincoln, NE 2018