Information Security Analyst Information <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Information Security Analyst - ANCHORAGE CONSULTING, LLC Baltimore, MD An experienced leader in IT audit and information security. Certified Scrum Master with progressive professional experience spanning over 2 years of successfully managing development teams transitioning from Waterfall to Agile methodology, Strategic Planning and Business Process Improvement. Experienced in providing support to Product Owners and Business Analysts. A highly motivated and detail-oriented IT Security Analyst with thorough knowledge and understanding of FISMA's Risk Management Framework backed with over 4 years of hands on experience. Advanced level skill sets (technical, operational, and management) in Risk Management Framework (RMF) with Cyber Security policies, procedures and compliance with FISMA, NIST, OMB & FedRAMP directives, guidance and processes. Work Experience Information Security Analyst ANCHORAGE CONSULTING, LLC - Bowie, MD May 2017 to Present • Develop and update security authorization packages in accordance with the Agency's requirement in compliance with FISMA  • Conduct kick off meetings to collect systems information (information type, boundary, inventory, etc.) and categorize systems based on NIST SP 800-60.  • Conduct IT controls risk assessments that include reviewing organizational polices, standards and procedures and provide advice on their adequacy, accuracy and compliance with FISMA Standard.  • Assist System Owner and ISSO in preparing certification and Accreditation package for agency's systems, making sure that management, operational and technical security controls adhere to a formal and well-established security requirement authorized by NIST SP 800-53 R4.  • Perform vulnerability assessment making sure risks are assessed, evaluated and proper actions taken to limit impact on the information and information systems.  • Create and update the following Security Assessment and Authorization (SA&A) artifacts: FIPS 199, Risk Assessment Report (RAR), System Security Plan (SSP), Configuration Management Plan (CMP), Contingency Plan (CP), Contingency Plan Test (CPT), Security Control Baseline, E-Authentication, Security Test & Evaluation (ST&E), System Assessment Plan (SAP) System Assessment Report (SAR) and Plan of Action & Milestone (POA&M).  • Conduct document reviews of NIST, OMB, FISMA and other policy documents and vendor publications related to enterprise technologies and recognize, modify and update procedures resulting from the new guidance.  • Utilize TAF assessment tool to upload artifacts and security documentations.  • Develop security control test plans and conducted in-depth security assessments of information systems that evaluate compliance of administrative, physical, technical, organizational and polices safeguards to maintain NIST compliance.  • Conduct comprehensive assessment of the management, operational, technical security control employed within or inherited by an Information System to determine the overall effectiveness of the control. IT Security Analyst CACI INC - Houston, TX June 2015 to April 2017 • Provided services as a security control assessor (SCA) and performed integral part of the Assessment & Authorization process to include A&A documentation, reporting, reviewing and analysis requirements.  • Prepared Security Assessment and Authorization (SA&S) packages to ensure management, operational and technical security controls adhere to NIST SP 800-53 standards.  • Conducted initial assessment meetings with System Owners and all stakeholders.  • Assisted with the assessment of System Security Plan (SSP) to provide an overview of federal information system security requirements and described the controls in place to meet those requirements.  • Developed Security Assessment Plan (SAP) detailing the method in which assessment would be conducted  • Developed Security Assessment Reports (SAR) detailing the results of the assessment along with Plan of Action and Milestones (POA&M).  • Conducted assessment on General Support System (GSS), Major & Minor Applications  • Provided Continuous Monitoring support through Plan of Action & Milestone (POA&M), system and user audits, analyzed and reported scanning results, and updated all corresponding security documents as needed.  • Provided senior level security consulting to Federal customers in addition to guidance and support to Department ISSOs / System Owners on the FISMA and NIST Security Assessment and Authorization process.  • Conducted assessment on Security Assessment and Authorization (SA&A) artifacts: FIPS 199, System Security Plan (SSP), Risk Assessment (RA), Privacy Threshold Analysis (PTA), Privacy Impact Analysis (PIA), E-Authentication, System Security test and Evaluation (ST&E), Contingency Plan, Plan of Actions and Milestones (POA&M).  • Ensured that risks were assessed, evaluated and proper actions were taken to limit impact on the Data & Information Systems.  • Conducted IT control risk assessments that included reviewing organizational policies/procedures and provided advice on their adequacy, accuracy and compliance.  • Provided ISSO and CISO support by assisting in reviewing risk waivers and ISA, MOU review before authorization.  • Managed security awareness training program to educate employees and managers on current threat and vulnerabilities.  • Reviewed SAR at post assessment, created and completed POA&M to remediate findings and vulnerabilities. Scrum Master JP MORGAN CHASE - Houston, TX June 2012 to June 2015 • Facilitated Sprint Pre/Planning Meetings.  • Conducted daily Stand-ups and Sprint Retrospectives for multiple sprint teams.  • Implemented new processes for development to assist with consistency of quality and delivery through Scrum.  • Introduced Agile user stories and User Acceptance testing to client base.  • Defined the Development process and ensured JIRA would be used for development of tracking issues and enhancements.  • Protected development team from outside distractions, impediments or team conflicts, and maintained focus on Sprint Backlog and project timeline.  • Mastered backlog training, burn down metrics, velocity and task definition for all projects.  • Facilitated Scrum events and activities as necessary and ensured the team realized the value from the events respectively.  • Experienced liaison between developers and stakeholders to ensure smooth and concise delivery of useable increments.  • Collaborated with Product Owners (PO), Subject Matter Experts (SMEs) and developers to understand customer needs and translate the information from the product backlog to user stories.  • Instituted process improvements and documentation on the wiki to improve interdepartmental interactions as well as team interactions.  • Ensured the development teams were practicing the core agile principles of collaboration, prioritization, team accountability, and visibility. Education Bachelor of Business Administration in Accounting in Accounting University of Houston - Houston, TX May 2012 compliance NIST Skills SAAS, SECURITY, SHARE POINT, DEVOPS, DEPLOYMENT Certifications/Licenses Certified ScrumMaster (CSM) Present Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  Software/ Hardware/ Platform: Security Control Testing, System Monitoring, MS Office Suite (Power Point, Visio, Word, Share Point, Excel, Access) JIRA, CSAM, Oracle Fusion, Confluence, Virtual Box, Secure Shell Hosting (SSH), VM Ware, SaaS & Agile SDLC principles and practices, DevOps/Continuous Development/ Continuous Deployment