Information Security Specialist Information <span class="hl">Security</span> Specialist Information Security Specialist - SIEMENS USA Silver Spring, MD Seeking an information system auditor or information Assurance position in a growth oriented organization with focus on IT security and Risk, system security monitoring and auditing; risk assessments; audit engagements and testing information technology controls. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Information Security Specialist SIEMENS USA - Washington, DC June 2014 to Present * Conduct kick off meetings to collect systems information (information type, boundary, inventory ) and categorize system based on NIST SP 800-60  * Conduct security controls and assessments to assess the adequacy of management, operational privacy and technical security controls implemented. Security Assessment Reports (SAR) are developed detailing the results of the assessments along with Plan of Action and Milestones (POA&M).  * Designate systems to categorize its C.I.A using FIPS199 and NIST SP 800-60  * Develop System security plans to provide an overview of federal information system security requirements and describe the controls in place to meet those requirements.  * Create and update the following Security Assessment and Authorization (SA&A) artifacts; FIPS 199, Security Test and Evaluation (ST&E), Risk Assessments (RAs), Privacy Threshold Analysis(PTA), Privacy Impact Analysis(PIA), E- Authentication, Contingency Plan and Plan of Action and Milestones (POA&M).  * Prepare Security assessment and authorization (SA&A) packages to ascertain that management, operational and technical security controls adhere to NIST SP 800-53 standards.  * Perform vulnerability assessments, making sure risks are assessed and proper actions taken to mitigate them.  * Conduct IT control risks assessments including reviewing organizational policies, standards and procedures and providing advice on their adequacy, accuracy and compliance with industry standards.  * Develop risk assessment reports. These reports identify threats and vulnerabilities and also evaluate the likelihood that vulnerabilities can be exploited. I also assess the impact associated with these threats and vulnerabilities and identify the overall risk level. It Security Analyst HERMETIC NETWORKS INC - Baltimore, MD July 2012 to May 2014 * Conducted kick off meetings to collect systems information (information type, boundary, inventory ) and categorize system based on NIST SP 800-60  * Conducted security controls and assessments to assess the adequacy of management, operational privacy and technical security controls implemented. Security Assessment Reports (SAR) were developed detailing the results of the assessments along with Plan of Action and Milestones (POA&M).  * Designated systems to categorized its C.I.A using FIPS199 and NIST SP 800-60  * Developed System security plans to provide an overview of federal information system security requirements and described the controls in place to meet those requirements.  * Created and updated the following Security Assessment and Authorization (SA&A) artifacts; FIPS 199, Security Test and Evaluation (ST&E), Risk Assessments (RAs), Privacy Threshold Analysis(PTA), Privacy Impact Analysis(PIA), E- Authentication, Contingency Plan and Plan of Action and Milestones (POA&M).  * Prepared Security assessment and authorization (SA&A) packages to ascertain that management, operational and technical security controls adhered to NIST and SP 800-53 standards.  * Performed vulnerability assessments, making sure risks were assessed and proper actions taken to mitigate them.  * Conducted IT control risks assessments including reviewing organizational policies, standards and procedures and provided advice on their adequacy, accuracy and compliance with industry standards.  * Developed risk assessment reports. These reports identified threats and vulnerabilities and also evaluated the likelihood that vulnerabilities could be exploited. I also assessed the impact associated with these threats and vulnerabilities and identified the overall risk level. Helpdesk Support Analyst SYNOPTEK - Fairfax, VA August 2010 to July 2012 * I was responsible for providing technical assistance and support related to computer systems, hardware, or software. Responded to queries, ran diagnostic programs, isolated problems, determined and implemented solutions.  * Provided technical assistance and support for incoming queries and issues related to computer systems, software, and hardware.  * Responded to queries either in person or over the phone.  * Provided prompt responses to questions from employees  * Wrote training manuals.  * Trained computer users.  * Responded to email messages for customers seeking help.  * Asked questions to determine nature of problems.  * Walked customers through problem-solving processes.  * Ran diagnostic programs to resolve problems.  * Troubleshoot, diagnosed and resolved problems related to operating systems, hardware and software.  * Resolved technical problems with Local Area Networks (LAN) and Wide Area Networks (WAN).  * Followed up with customers to ensure issue had been resolved.  * Gained feedback from customers about computer usage.  * Ran reports to determined malfunctions that to occur  * Documented problems and conversations to create a log that could be referenced by other technicians and for training purposes. Education Masters in Human Resource Management Strayer University Masters in Business Administration Strayer University Bachelor in Educational Administration University of Buea Additional Information * Perform certification and Accreditation documentation in compliance with company standards.  * Develop, review and evaluated system security plan based on NIST special publications.  * Perform comprehensive assessments and write reviews of management, operational and technical security controls for audited applications and information systems.  * Develop and conduct Security Test and Evaluation (ST&E) according to NIST SP 800-60, NIST SP 800-53 and SP 800-53A  * Compile data to complete Residual Risk Report and to insert contents in to the POA&M.  * Ability to multi-task, work independently and as part of a team  * Possess strong analytical and quantitative skills.  * Effective interpersonal and verbal/written communication skills