Online Security Analyst Online <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Online Security Analyst Aurora, CO Driven and self-mo vated professional wan ng to develop as an individual and con nue to  use current skills to help develop those around me and invest myself in the company I work for. Work Experience Online Security Analyst Airbnb - Denver, CO June 2018 to Present • Conducted daily audit of accounts to see if any scammers were using the platform fraudulently.   • Reviewing listing to identify fake listing to be removed off the platform and inform all pares involved.   • New Dues assigned as of January 2019 – Escalation and Extractions   • Required to perform Investigation ensure all user on platform are in compliance with Airbnb terms of use.   • Assigned cases where there are grave issues towards either guest or host that requires extractions. Involvement such as police may be required if there was a “Community Safety Concern”. I would provide/search for accommodation for the affected pares. I approximately provide daily up to $10,000 in payouts to those that have been affected on the platform. •Responsible for issuing any refunds, and confirming they are sent to the right pares. IT Services and Technical Support Windows/Mac Personally owned - Denver, CO January 2016 to Present ? Remote services provided for Throne Insurance in Dallas, TX , and on call for mulple locaons in Denver, Co.   ? Performing installaon, maintenance/support of system soware/hardware and user support,and troubleshoot network.  ? Oversaw hardware inventory, and order new supplies.  ? Scheduled recommended dates, and repairs.   ? Rou nely audited systems/hardware for compliance with standards, and policies.  ? Monitor security risk, and completed updates to minimize or avoid threats Payment Fraud Specialist Airbnb - Denver, CO February 2018 to June 2018 • Provided platform assistance with stolen credit cards or accounts that were hacked and being used for fraudulent purposes.   • Provided assistance educating the Airbnb community on Off-site dangers and phishing Team Leader Netflix - Denver, CO September 2016 to February 2018 ? Team Leader – required to listen to agent calls and ensure that coaching was being implemented. Conducted agent follow ups to provide feedback to the agent on the improvement of feedback or provide coaching to ensure agent was implementing feedback. Sent findings to Team Leader and any recommendations for further disciplinary action.   ? Selected as a recipient of 212 award for going “Above and Beyond” 2 mes.  ? Assisted Team Leader with payroll by ensuring agents were entering mes correctly and identifying the accuracy of the timestamps in Micro Strategies.   ? Primary go to person when Team Lead was not available. Required to be in team Chat to provide assistance along with taking calls. Would take escalated calls to provide further customer support    CSR (Netflix Campaign) Denver CO, Tampa FL & Frisco TX (May 2015-September 2016)     ? Duties were to provide customer account maintenance ranging from updating method of payments to billing issues.   ? Also provided technical support with customer issues and if unable to resolve, escalated to Level 2 support to provide further assistance.   ? Selected as a recipient of 212 award for going “Above and Beyond” 3 mes.   ? Selected after 5 months of being a CSR to be an RTX (Real Time Expert). Duties were guiding and training new employees on the floor.   ? Selected by new hire training to conduct mock calls and provide feedback to new hires. Education Santa Fe College - Gainesville, FL Skills Excel (7 years), Customer Service (8 years), Management (6 years), Supervisor (6 years), access, Security (5 years), Money Handling (5 years), training