Network Security Administrator Network <span class="hl">Security</span> Administrator Network Security Administrator - Jacobs Entertainment Inc Denver, CO Yohannes Berehanu is currently working full time for Jacobs Entertainment, INC., but is always open to new opportunities to continue his career advancement and technological skill growth. His current title is Network Security Administrator, and he maintains the network infrastructure, implements new network design, provides documentation, and operates as a tier 3 escalation point for properties nationally. Work Experience Network Security Administrator Jacobs Entertainment Inc - Golden, CO January 2019 to Present • Manage and maintain Fortinet Firewalls through IPv4 policies, traffic shaping, IPS, web-filtering, interfaces, and routing  • Manage, maintain, and configure Ruckus/Brocade ICX and Cisco IOS switching, over layer 2 and layer 3  • Manage and maintain Cisco LWAP and Cisco Meraki Access Points through Cisco WLC and Meraki Dashboard  • Assist in remediation for security events generated by McAfee SIEM tool  • Solarwinds and Brocade Network Advisor management of network nodes, configuration backups, automated job scheduling, and reporting  • Tier-3 escalation point for all JEI properties  • Monitor computer networks for security issues.  • Investigate security breaches and other cybersecurity incidents.  • Install security measures and operate software to protect systems and information infrastructure, including firewalls and data encryption programs.  • Work with the security team to perform tests and uncover network vulnerabilities.  • Fix detected vulnerabilities to maintain a high- security standard.  • Help colleagues install security software and understand information security management.  • Research security enhancements and make recommendations to management.  • Stay up-to-date on information technology trends and security standards.  • The first point of contact for IT audit conducted by Colorado/Nevada Division of Gaming, PBTK, and Deloitte. IT Systems Analyst/Financial Systems Administrator Jacobs Entertainment Inc - Golden, CO June 2018 to January 2019 • Exercise judgment and decision making in the diagnosis and resolution of computer hardware and software problems.  • Perform a full range of work assigned and works with considerable independence and initiative.  • Enforce IT policies as it relates to financial systems and takes an appropriate course of action.  • Install and maintain database hardware and software.  • Office 365 administration  • Microsoft Dynamics administration and support  • SharePoint Administration  • Active Directory Management  • Cisco Call-Manager administration  • Telecom Administration  • Coordination with internal and external auditors. (Design corporate-wide audit framework)  • Build corporate-wide IT employee onboarding manual  • Purchasing hardware and software.  • Provide expert advice on which application serves end-user needs best.  • Troubleshoot database, financial, and user applications problems.  • Instruct end users on the new or upgraded financial application, hardware, and software.  • Organize work, set priorities and meet critical time deadlines.  • Participate in team meetings, providing input and suggestions. Participates in setting short and long terms goals.  • Troubleshoot database and financial systems with the users to determinate hardware, software, or system problems.  • Monitor systems to ensure compliance with company and governmental policies.  • Provide written documentation of all duties.  • Maintain an open line of communication with Management.  • Maintain a positive and professional demeanor during all interactions with guest, fellow Employees, and Vendors. Self Employed Uber/Lyft - Denver, CO December 2017 to May 2018 Drove for Uber and Lyft as I was dealing with a personal life matter. Customer service representative WorldRemit Corp - Denver, CO May 2017 to November 2017 • Managing incoming calls, emails, and customer service inquiries.  • Identifying customers' needs to achieve satisfaction.  • Ensure customer account security by following a proper data protection procedure.  • Provide accurate, valid and complete information by using the right methods/tools.  • Understand key performance metrics, and how to influence them.  • Release or hold transactions, accept IDs, or mark transactions as fraud, or refer to Compliance Team.  • Support other teams by floor-walking and frequent personal engagement with all agents.  • Report any systems issues to relevant personnel overnight or at weekends.  • Ensure customer queries - via all channels - and transactions are resolved efficiently and within agreed timeframes.  • Maintain a positive team spirit which supports teamwork and inspires others.  • Manage effective on-boarding and knowledge transfer to new members of your team.  • Actively suggest opportunities to improve processes to become more efficient and improve customer experience.  • Serve as a positive member of the leadership team, identifying issues, contributing ideas/solutions and supporting the team in all actions.  • Take the extra mile to engage with customers. Peer Tutor Chadron State College - Chadron, NE October 2016 to May 2017 • Peer tutor for Business Communications, Database Management, Webpage Development, Decision Support for Managers, and System Analysis and Design classes  • Mentor students that are on academic probation  • Facilitate an online tutoring platform to offer the service to students that are enrolled online  • Promote the services provided by the learning center  • Train new tutors Desktop support technician Chadron State College - Chadron, NE August 2014 to May 2017 • Provide technical assistance and support for incoming queries and issues related to computer systems, software, and hardware  • Respond to queries either in person or over the phone  • Train computer users  • Maintain daily performance of computer systems  • Respond to email messages for customers seeking help  • Ask questions to determine the nature of the problem  • Walk the customer through the problem-solving process  • Install, modify, and repair computer hardware and software  • Clean up computers  • Run diagnostic programs to resolve problems  • Install computer peripherals for users  • Follow up with customers to ensure issue has been resolved  • Ensuring all the systems on campus run smoothly and diagnose and solve errors in various parts of the systems  • Plan on system updates and ensure they are performed in a timely manner  • Assist students and faculty members with on-campus connectivity issues  • Reset/unlock user account in Active Directory  • Remotely assist online students and adjunct professors International Student Ambassador - Intern Chadron State College - Chadron, NE January 2016 to October 2016 • Recruit International Students from abroad.  • Represent the college on International events  • Plan advertising events  • Control Social Media posts and updates  • Mentor International students and help them adjust to life smoothly  • Design a personalized mentorship plan based on the student's background and need.  • Process incoming student's application and ensure it complies with the USCIS and Homeland Security principles.  • Prepare students for a successful visa application by providing guidelines and mock interviews. Education Bachelor of Arts in Business Information Systems degree in Business Information Systems Chadron State College - Chadron, NE May 2017 Skills Active directory, Cisco, Exchange, Solarwinds, Dhcp, Switching, Systems administration, Nessus, Sharepoint, Microsoft dynamics, Dynamics, Dynamics crm, Microsoft dynamics crm, Ios, Firewall, Visio, Polycom, Crm, Telecom, Great plains, Microsoft Office, Technical Support, Networking, Windows, Customer Service, Windows 7 Certifications/Licenses ITIL v3 Present Additional Information Professional Skills    • Cisco IOS Switching: Intermediate  • Ruckus/Brocade ICX Switching: Intermediate  • Fortigate FortiOS - Firewall: Competent  • IPV4 Policy, Web Filtering: Competent  • DHCP: Intermediate  • Cisco Meraki MR Series Access Points: Intermediate  • VLANs: Advanced  • SolarWinds Monitoring: Intermediate  • Cisco Call Manager: Intermediate  • Cisco Unity: Advanced  • Tenable.io Scanner: Competent  • Nessus Vulnerability Scanner: Beginner  • McAfee ePolicy Orchestrator: Intermediate  • Microsoft Office 365 Administration: Expert  • SharePoint Administration: Intermediate  • PowerShell: Intermediate  • Active Directory Administration: Advanced  • Microsoft Exchange: Intermediate  • Visio: Competent  • SCCM: Competent  • Microsoft Dynamics CRM: Intermediate  • Great Plains - Financial Systems Administration: Advanced  • AutoCAD - Administration: Expert  • Adobe Creative Suite - Administration: Expert  • Asana Project Management Tool: Expert  • Bomgar - Remote Assistance Tool: Expert  • BlueJeans: Expert  • Polycom: Expert  • ATT Telecom Administration: Expert