Security Analyst <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Security Analyst - Infolock Technologies LLC Woodbridge, VA Security Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the computer and network security industry. Skilled in Communication, Teamwork, Leadership, and Information Security. Work Experience Security Analyst Infolock Technologies LLC - Arlington, VA May 2018 to Present Incident Response in Data Loss Prevention  ? Vulnerability scanning and regression testing of appliances  ? Identify anomalies in DLP and advise clients on remediation options  ? System Administration via Linux and Windows.  ? Deploy DLP policies and recommend clients fine tuning in order to decrease false positives  ? Recommend improvements in security systems and procedures.  ? Review violations of computer security procedures and developed mitigation plans.  ? Build, test, and upgrade DLP environments. IT Specialist (CONTRACT) DXC Technologies - Quantico, VA March 2018 to May 2018 Prepare system documentation, establish and maintain security, integrity and business continuity controls and documents.  ? Assist information engineers on application of specialized knowledge to coding, testing, implementation and documentation projects.  ? Configured hardware, devices and software to set up work stations for employees.  ? Patched software and installed new versions to eliminate security problems and protect data. Systems Administrator Gryphon Technologies - Washington Navy Yard, D.C April 2017 to March 2018 Provided IT support for PEO LCS ACIO (NAVSEA) such as; system setup, basic troubleshooting with SIPR and NIPRnet devices (phones, printers, scanners, desktops and laptops.)  ? Evaluated complex hardware and software and peripheral equipment for networks.  ? Managed and maintained user accounts, maintained and updated system security plans on all platforms.  ? Added computers back to the domain and also deleted and created accounts through active directory.  ? Helped configure an ACAS (Nessus scanner) scans for vulnerabilities, active and passive. Helpdesk Technician Tier II (CONTRACT) Metro Systems Inc - Fort Belvoir, VA January 2017 to April 2017 Troubleshot technical problems and issues, determined technical solution in accordance with product and customer specifications, and recommended actions to company or customer representatives  ? Provided phone and in-person support to customers in the areas of e-mail, directories, standard Windows desktop applications, and applications developed under this contract or predecessors.  ? Conducted analysis of product installations, modifications, and enhancements in accordance with documented procedures and specific customer specifications  ? Account creation through active directory. Education Masters in Cyber Security in Cyber Security Southern New Hampshire University - Manchester, NH 2017 to Present Bachelor of Science in Business Administration in Information Systems & Technology Old Dominion University - Norfolk, VA 2013 to 2016 Skills Data Loss Prevention (1 year), Incident Response (1 year), Linux (2 years), Nessus (Less than 1 year), Windows (3 years), Burp Suite (Less than 1 year), Vmware (2 years), Automation (1 year), Reporting (2 years), Information Security, Cyber Security Certifications/Licenses Security+ December 2017 to December 2020 Additional Information Secret Clearance