Associate IT Security Administrator Associate <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> Administrator Associate IT Security Administrator Southbridge, MA Work Experience Associate IT Security Administrator BJs Wholesale Club - Westborough, MA May 2016 to May 2017 Associate Security Administrator for store, corporate technical systems  • Provisioned, and maintained all user accounts in all technical systems used by store, home office and field end-users.  • Provisioned and maintained user accounts and security groups in active directory, SAP, and exchange servers, as well as mainframe, and HR systems.  • Administered shared drive, local admin, and mailbox permissions through powershell scripting as well as the exchange console.  • Handled termination of system access for terminated employees. First level helpdesk support November 2015 to May 2016 for store systems and corporate users.  • Inbound and outbound phone support for all hardware and software issues for store, home office, and field end-users; including point of sale, network and PC systems.  • Provisioned and maintained user accounts in active directory and inventory management systems.  • Maintained SOP documentation used for new hire training. Handled critical incidents and store network outages. Operational, procedural, and technical support of the SAP application BJs Wholesale Club - Westborough, MA June 2015 to November 2015 Operations Support - Westborough, MA  June 2015 to November 2015  BJs Wholesale Club - Westborough, MA 01581 Operational, procedural, and technical support Logged and analyzed defects in HP Quality Center for resolution June 2015 to November 2015 of the SAP application for transitional period in 200 stores.  • Inbound and outbound phone support for application issues regarding SAP.  • Logged and analyzed defects in HP Quality Center for resolution.  • Provided procedural guidelines to end-user in order to better understand and utilize the SAP system. Help Desk Analyst BJs Wholesale Club - Westborough, MA June 2014 to June 2015 Corporate and Store PC Hardware October 2013 to November 2013 Second level service desk support for point of sale systems and corporate home office and field users.  • Corporate and Store PC Hardware/Application support.  • Low level network systems and server administration.  • Followed up on outstanding issues and breached SLAs.  • Handled high priority/critical outages and escalations. Project Lead TJX Companies - Westborough, MA March 2013 to October 2013 Leadership role for projects including upgrades to the point of sale system, wireless PSK rotation and the removal of an outdated security system for 2700 stores across North America.  • Supervised and trained staff of 16 analysts.  • Facilitated group breaks, lunches and training schedule.  • Created project processes, documentation and timelines.  • Responsible for group metrics, and making staffing recommendations. Service Desk Representative TJX Companies - Westborough, MA September 2012 to March 2013 Education High School Diploma Southbridge High School - Southbridge, MA