Security Analyst, End-User IT Engineer, and Helpdesk Tech <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span>, End-User <span class="hl">IT</span> Engineer, and Helpdesk Tech Security Analyst, End-User IT Engineer, and Helpdesk Tech - CareerBuilder Livermore, CA Seeking an opportunity to utilize my skills and abilities, that offer me a challenge in a dynamic environment. Looking forward to  working in an information systems, information technology, information security, or a related field. Work Experience Security Analyst, End-User IT Engineer, and Helpdesk Tech CareerBuilder - Pleasanton, CA June 2018 to Present Office 365 Migration  ? Configured O365 mailboxes to sync mailbox data from Exchange  ? Utilized Migration Wiz to migrate existing Exchange users to Office365 platform  ? Ensured Shared Mailboxes and Distribution Lists are synced  ? Enforced HiTrust compliant Data Loss Prevention policies for Workterra  ? Replaced Sharefile by implementing Permissions encryption process within O365  ? Trained Workterra users on O365 access, tools, and configuration  ? Fuze Phone Migration  ? Installed new Polycom phones and disassembled previous Mitel phones  ? Migrated phone numbers from Convergence to Fuze with both providers support teams  ? Ensured all the users had existing phone numbers and extensions  ? Configured Fuze Call Center for Workterra by collaborating with CB Telephony team  ? Enabled VOIP for remote users to use Fuze through Smartphone application  ? Saved huge amount of money as a result of Fuze migration, almost more than half of the monthly cost  ? Workterra HiTrust Compliance - Collaborated with CareerBuilder Governance team to pass HiTrust certification  ? Collected artifacts to highlight that existing processes met the security compliance policies  ? Provided data flow of the organization to highlight the network structure, data structure, security tools in place  ? Ensured company's data flow was checked for accountability by defining user and client roles  ? Confirmed the data disposal was being done according to the HiTrust policies  ? Ensured the PII sensitive data was protected and transferred via Sharefile encryption  ? Workterra passed HiTrust compliance certificate after our team successfully met the policy requirements  ? Active Directory - Managed user profiles and user access  ? Created new hire user accounts and granted access based on job roles and approved requests  ? Reset passwords, provided temporary passwords, and changed access on approved requests  ? Disbaled user accounts for terminated users  ? Alert Logic - Worked in the security team to assess threats and determine vulnerabilities based on Alert Logic network scans  ? Ran network scans and created tickets company wide for CareerBuilder  ? Collaborated with multiple teams to update different departments with solutions to eliminate vulnerabilities  ? Ensured departments within the company met the required criteria provided by the network scans  ? Tenable -Vulnerability Management - Admin role on Tenable access for vulnerability management  ? Scheduled network vulnerability scans using Tenable for Workterra environment  ? Collaborated with users, CB IT, and departments within the company by making tickets with stakeholders  ? Participated in teams to remediate network vulnerabilities by providing smart solutions and quick fixes  ? FTP Admin - Ensured FTP access requests were handled according to HiTrust policies  ? Collaborated with Client Executives to determine access for client FTP users  ? Managed access creation and deletion based on client status with the company  ? Ensured required policies and criterion met for access granted to internal staff and clients  ? Zoom Meetings and Zoom Room setup - Managed admin role for Workterra Zoom Meetings  ? Ensured Workterra users have Zoom accounts for Video-conference calling  ? Trained users for screen-sharing options + supported to host webinars for Workterra and CareerBuilder  ? Installed zoom room - installed hardware for Zoom Room and enabled the application with iPad and camera in a conference room  ? Hardware experience - Built user workstations, provided user training for platforms and applications used in the company  ? Mainted fax, printer, and scanner related jobs  ? Installed desk phones and connected to Fuze company-wide communication system  ? Imaged laptops for remote users and encrypted machine drives using Bitlocker for data protection  ? Helpdesk IT tickets - Administered Workterra Help-Desk queue  ? Developed runbooks for frequently asked questions and how-to documents for quick resolutions  ? Bay Alarm - Administered the access for entry and exit points for the premises to ensure security and accountability  ? BigAnt IM - Managed access and support for Big Ant console to provide instant messaging communication for Workterra  ? Cisco Any Connect and DUO Mobile - Managed user connectivity to Cisco Any Connect VPN and DUO for authentication  ? Edgewave and Symantec Gateway - Monitored inbound network traffic using Edgewave and controlled the outbound traffic  using Symantec  ? File Share - Set access permissions on folders in file exchange and mapped network drives as required based on job roles  ? Firewall and Whitelisting  ? Confirmed IP's and URLs approval by Workterra leadership group  ? Worked with CB Network team to Whitelist IP's and URLs once approved  ? Outlook Exchange Server/OWA - administered the mail system  ? enabled email access, grant mailbox access approved by managers for remote users  ? Server room - Installed server room hardware and configured required updates on servers Security Analyst Intern Wavestrong, Inc - Pleasanton, CA July 2017 to April 2018 Learned about information and data security by focusing on CIA triad in cybersecurity  ? Studied about network infrastructure, network tools, and protocols  ? Gained knowledge about network tools such as firewalls, DMZ, IDS, IPS systems Data Collection Technician for OCULUS at Facebook Headquarters Q Analysts LLC - Menlo Park, CA January 2018 to February 2018 Implemented Linux for data collection on products in order to gain user feedback  ? Tested products for OCULUS to enhance the user experience and product performance  ? Demonstrated data testing to determine product capability  ? Achieved better features for the upcoming Virtual Reality products at OCULUS Senior Project San Jose State University - San Jose, CA August 2017 to December 2017 Extracted emails from company's current database and transferred into Drip marketing system  ? Implemented a medium to send targeted sales promotions depending on products and recipients  ? The team performed exceptionally well, therefore our Marketing System got selected and the company officially utilizes it Web Application Developer (Junior Project) San Jose State University - San Jose, CA January 2017 to May 2017 Developed a mock business website to market a clothing brand  ? Configured Altervista to build a web application for a business and potential customers  ? Integrated several pages, implemented features such as geo-tag and enabled feedback page to connect customers to business Web Application Developer (Project) San Jose State University - San Jose, CA January 2016 to May 2016 Built a platform for employers and job candidates by using Microsoft Access to connect and share information  ? Drove efficient search mechanisms in the database using MySQL to match employers and potential candidates  ? Designed and implemented the GUI through Visual Basic, achieved successful results Education Bachelor of Science in Business Administration San Jose State University - San Jose, CA December 2017 Skills security, Active Directory, HTML Additional Information Skills & Expertise  ? CompTIA Security + certified Security Analyst  ? Web Development: Altervista, HTML and Visual Basic through Visual Studio  ? Networking: Familiarity with TCP/IP Networking, Windows OS, Apple iOS, Microsoft Office  ? Hobbies: reading business and IT articles, running, swimming, tennis, and console games