IT Business Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> Business <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Business Analyst - Mirum Agency San Diego, CA • IT professional with 8 years of experience working in a variety of roles including business analyst, developer and consultant.  • I have worked with and developed Archer, Salesforce and SharePoint along with other GRC tools. Work Experience IT Business Analyst Mirum Agency - San Diego, CA June 2018 to Present Business Analyst:  • Bridge the gap between clients and developers in an agile environment while also keeping track of development progress and keeping the client up to date.  • Monitor major website change requests in order to start gathering requirements from the client to start the change process.  • Develop technical and functional specifications for new website builds and modifications.  • Develop Business Requirements Documents for new website builds and modifications.  • Lead in the development of creating new templates for business requirements documents, technical and functional specifications documents.  • Create user stories and corresponding acceptance criteria based on business requirements documents. IT Business Analyst University of San Diego - San Diego, CA November 2017 to March 2018 Project Management:  • Bridge the gap between the clients and the developers in an agile environment.  • Have experience with user stories where have modeled what their software features look like from their perspective  • Worked with different schools within USD to gather their technical requirements  • Translated those requirements into workflow documents, functional requirements, etc. and met with developers to develop in Salesforce  • Created weekly reports to track the status of all projects and kept in constant communication with stakeholders  • Created UATs and tested forms and workflows within Salesforce  • Worked on many projects in an agile environment where had daily scrums to ensure that projects on track with 4-6 week sprints. Within the scrums, kept organized by paying attention to product backlog which was the list of everything that needed to be done within the project.  • Managed strict timelines of projects based on enrollment schedule of Undergraduate, Graduate, Transfer, and Foreign students GRC Consultant/Business Analyst Templar Shield - San Diego, CA November 2015 to August 2016 Archer Developer:  • Gathered and owned requirements documents  • Created user stories and facilitated in the development of ODAs, Questionnaires, Solutions and Workspaces  • Modified fields, values, layouts, permissions, calculations and DDE's based on client requirements  • Served as System Admin to ensure all stakeholders had the correct permissions  • Conducted User Acceptance Testing and modified development as needed  • Created iViews in an aesthetically pleasing manner that gave clients a helpful dashboard  • Lead as the point of contact for changes in field modification, DDE changes and all documentation revisions Security Consultant/Business Analyst CyberSheath - Reston, VA March 2015 to September 2015 Archer Specialist: Lead the development of Vendor Management application within Archer for my client, Progressive. Conducted client interviews, gathered requirements, created process flow diagrams, developed Archer in an Agile environment, created UATs, implemented Archer and served as the System Administrator.  • Gathered and owned requirements documents  • Created user stories and facilitated in the development of ODAs, Questionnaires, Solutions and Workspaces  • Modified fields, values, layouts, permissions, calculations and DDE's based on client requirements  • Served as System Admin to ensure all stakeholders had the correct permissions  • Conducted User Acceptance Testing and modified development as needed  • Created iViews in an aesthetically pleasing manner that gave clients a helpful dashboard  • Lead as the point of contact for changes in field modification, DDE changes and all documentation revisions  Business Development: Assisted in boosting the online and social media presence via Facebook, Twitter, and LinkedIn. Held meetings with upper management to identify marketing objectives. Used my expertise in social media to develop a strategy to add more professionalism to the company on a social basis.  Security Assessments: Issued security assessments to various clients based on NIST security controls. Conducted client interviews to understand where their company stood on various security controls. Established recommendations and best practices for the company moving forward with the CyberSheath team.  Agile Development: Most of the Archer configurations were done by gathering weekly requirements, configuring Archer to client's specifications, and receiving feedback for the next iteration.  Process Development: Lead in the internal development of the Archer platform to help organize internal documents and processes vital to the company's success and growth. Business Analytics Optimization Consultant IBM - Washington, DC March 2013 to March 2015 Internet of Things (IoT): Lead research for IoT solutions for the United States Postal Service in an effort to increase their revenue, decrease their costs, and increase customer satisfaction  SharePoint: Program manager for a medical client (Express Scripts) and lead in the development and redirection of previous and new SharePoint websites (Agile SDLC). Gathered requirements from the client, created wireframes and process flow diagrams, developed based on requirements and diagrams and tested development. Served as System Administrator for this client facing role.  Change Management: Internal IBM Implementation manager and lead in pushing system changes and systems releases through their respective authoritative boards for approval. Lead meetings to understand what systems changes were happening, confirmed the status of changes whether approved, denied or delayed, communicated with the entire sector via email and phone call what changes would be made and when, and scheduled team members to test changes and monitor the systems during release dates. Education BA in Computer Information Systems James Madison University, College of Business August 2009 to December 2012 Longwood University Farmville August 2008 to May 2009 Skills BMC (Less than 1 year), CSS (Less than 1 year), HTML (Less than 1 year), Mac (Less than 1 year), MICROSOFT SHAREPOINT (2 years), Remedy (Less than 1 year), RSA (Less than 1 year), Security (Less than 1 year), SharePoint (2 years) Additional Information Skills:  • Security Tools: Basic knowledge of RSA Archer, Salesforce, BMC Remedy, Keylight, SharePoint 2010, SharePoint 2013, WordPress  • Languages: CSS, HTML    • Operating Systems: Working knowledge of Windows and Mac OSX