IT Consultant <span class="hl">IT</span> Consultant IT Consultant - Saltmarsh Tampa, FL 8 years of Information Technology experience. 1 year of Cyber Security experience. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Consultant Saltmarsh - Tampa, FL February 2017 to Present • Provide a broad spectrum of IT services for multiple small and large businesses.  • Maintain Active Directory and Exchange for multiple clients.  • Administer O365 for multiple clients.  • Install and maintain network devices including firewalls, switches, Access Points, and Servers.  • Patch, maintain, and harden servers and PCs.  • Perform incident response and remediation on a wide base of technologies.  • Work with IDS/IPS management, remediation, and tuning.  • Perform basic forensic work.  • Generate reports for clients as needed. Security Analyst WellCare - Tampa, FL August 2016 to November 2016 • Monitored information security alerts, performed full analysis, and took necessary actions.  • Used security tools including: QRadar, FireEye, BlueCoat Director, and SEPM.  • Supported and acted as a member of an incident response team.  • Performed basic forensic work.  • Multitasked and prioritized work based on associated risk. Security Specialist Digital Hands LLC - Tampa, FL August 2015 to August 2016 • Monitored information security alerts to respond, triage, and escalate as needed.  • Performed scheduled checks of security appliances to detect failures in technology and process.  • Responded to antivirus detections by performing scans, attempting remediation, and escalating as required.  • Troubleshot network issues and submitted tickets for circuit outages.  • Supported client through a wide variety of security tools including QRadar, McAfee ESM, McAfee NSM, McAfee ePO, AccelOps, and Bit9.  • Built, recorded, and performed departmental training for Bit9 security solution.  • Trained new employees in Security Specialist department.  • Built documentation for departmental processes.  • Supported and acted as a member of an incident response team.  • Performed basic forensic work.  • Multitasked and prioritized work based on associated risk. Network & Security Administrator The Fredericksburg Prayer Furnace - Fredericksburg, VA July 2010 to July 2015 • Was responsible for all facets of the network including: hardware, software, security, and video.  • Setup and administered network-wide maintenance on all systems.  • Trained team members on Pro Presenter and video systems.  • Trained staff on hardware and software technologies.  • Repaired, re-imaged, and rebuilt computers.  • Designed and maintained an Access 2007 database. Education Bachelors of Science in Information Technology in Information Technology American Intercontinental University February 2009 Skills SECURITY (2 years), WIRESHARK (1 year), SYMANTEC (3 years), MICROSOFT EXCHANGE (2 years), Active Directory (2 years), Help Desk (4 years) Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS    • SECURITY: PfSense, Symantec Endpoint Protection Manager, QRadar, AccelOps, and Bit9.    • HARDWARE: Unifi Security Gateway, switches, and access points.    • SOFTWARE: Wireshark, Unifi Controller, TeamViewer, Microsoft Exchange, Windows 7, 8, 10; Windows Server 2008, 2012, 2016; Mac OSX, Microsoft Office 2007- 2016, O365.