IT Security Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Security Analyst - International Systems Marketing Inc Suitland, MD Work Experience IT Security Analyst International Systems Marketing Inc August 2017 to Present * Perform Security Control Assessments on assigned systems using Risk Management Framework Guidelines (RMF) to determine the correct implementation of controls.  * Analyze information security policies, procedures, standards, and guidelines using the National Institute of Standard and Technology (NIST) guidelines.  * Review System Security Plans (SSP) to overview the systems to determine categorization and selected security controls according to FIPS 200  * Collaborate with team members, system owners and technical managers to conduct kick off meetings to review Security Assessment Plans, schedule of assessments, roles and responsibilities and rules of engagement  * Conduct Security Testing based on NIST SP 800 53 Rev.4 and utilize NIST 800 53A to assess controls  * Conduct interviews, request artifacts and evidence to ensure security controls are in compliance with FISMA guidelines.  * Create Requirement Traceability Matrix (RTM) to acutely document assessment results and control notes during assessments.  * Effectively communicate with ISSO's to request artifacts to meet the control requirements listed in the System Security Plan (SSP)  * Complete Security Assessment Reports (SAR) to provide Information System Security Officers with failed controls, weaknesses, and additional or missed control recommendations  * Provide weekly status reports of ongoing task and deliverables. Junior Information Assurance Specialist Whitehorse Technology Solutions LLC July 2016 to August 2017 * Conducted assessments utilizing NIST 800-53A.  * Conducted findings meeting with Stakeholders.  * Wrote Security Assessment Report (SAR) and provide detailed explanation about findings  * Assisted team in performing vulnerability scanning with the support of Nessus scanning tool to detect potential risk on single and multiple asset across the enterprise network.  * Assisted in monitoring controls post authorization to ensure constant compliance with the security requirements.  * Performed risk assessments, help review and update, Plans of Action and Milestones (POA&M), Security Control Assessments, and specific security documentation, (SA&A) Security Assessment and Authorization using NIST SP 800-53 rev4/FIPS 200 ( Security Controls), NIST SP 800-53A rev 4 (Assessing Security Controls). Jr IT Security Analyst XentIT November 2013 to July 2016 * Created modified and maintained user manuals, field guidance documents, job aids, standard operating procedures (SOPs), and IT security policies.  * Supported senior Cyber Security Analyst with updating and reviewing System Assessment Plans (SAP), Plans of Action and Milestones (POA&M), and Security Control Assessments.  * Worked with Cyber Security Analyst to evaluate security assessment documentation and document recommendations and control failures.  * Built and maintained working documents to track assignment progress and deliverables  * Processed and generated reports by creating database functions in MS Access using internal and external agency data sources.  * Performed vulnerability scans with the support of Nessus scanning tool to detect risks on authorized systems  * Maintained templates for required security assessments and authorization documents  * Attended meetings to discuss upcoming system assessments, roles, and responsibilities Jr. IT Admin. Specialist / Intern Citizant Inc October 2011 to November 2013 * Supported task and deliverables related to the HSPD-12 Identity, Credential, and Access Management.  * Managed HSPD-12 SmartID mailbox to provide Tier 1 customer support to employees related to credential updates, renewals, PIN resets, and SmartID policy and procedures.  * Created, modified and maintained user manuals, field guidance documents, job aids, standard operating procedures (SOPs), and Internal Revenue Manual (IRM).  * Serve as Content Manager for the ICAM office SharePoint user Portals though updating reports and maintaining user permissions for over 100 employees.  * Attended bi-weekly and monthly meetings with stake holders, Treasury, USAccess, Physical Security, Security Section Chiefs, Territory Managers, and field operators to provide ICAM updates. Recorded detailed meeting minutes for monthly update calls and distribute minutes to various audiences.  * Built and maintained working documents to track IRS credential shipping locations and coordinate with PDS team to add and remove work locations and user roles.  * Issued and deployed Light Solutions Kit (LAK) to qualified operators ensuring they have completed required training and have an understanding to operate equipment effectively. Keeping organized record all deployed machines, serial numbers and certificates.  * Worked with USAccess to troubleshoot LAK hardware and software issues in a timely manner to minimize down time for operators activations and updates. Education Information Technology Northern Virginia Community College - Arlington, VA September 2014 to Present Accounting College of Southern Maryland August 2012 to May 2014 Skills security Additional Information Skills    * Software: Microsoft Office Suite 2010 including Visio; basic understanding of Microsoft Windows Operating Systems Windows 7 and 8; basic HTML; basic understanding of databases; PeopleSoft; SharePoint; Nessus Vulnerability Scanning Tool    * Hardware: Cisco IT Essentials (PC software and hardware); general computer builds; hardware installations and swaps.    * Communication: Verbal and written; Requirement Traceability Matrix (RTM); Security Assessment Report (SAR); creation of Field Guidance, job aids, updating agency wide manual, and technical writing;    * Documentation: FIPS 199; FIPS 200; NIST 800 53 Rev 4; Risk Assessments (RA); System Security Plan (SSP); Plans of Action and Milestone (POA&M),