Security Compliance Data Specialist <span class="hl">Security</span> Compliance Data Specialist Security Compliance Data Specialist - KPMG International Beltsville, MD Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Security Compliance Data Specialist KPMG International February 2018 to Present • Review of information Security controls and practices relating to ISO 27001  • Conducts follow up conversations with client teams to determine what remediation has occurred  • Drive data collection with cross-functional teams to support the analysis of vulnerability and data privacy risks  • Support the development of data requirements for security event detection and to aid in greater vulnerability / risk analysis  • Perform initial data analysis using available telemetry, reporting, and intelligence to develop recommendations to minimize on the likelihood and impact of security and data privacy findings.  • Communicate regularly with Project Managers, project teams and representatives from various functional teams, including escalating any matters that require additional analysis to functional subject matter professional(s).  • Maintain and update the Plan Of Action and Milestone (POA&M), and manage Security Assessment Reports (SAR). IT Security Analyst MJHS CORPORATION GROUP March 2015 to February 2018 • Developed the audit plan and performed the General Computer Controls testing of Information Security, Business Continuity Planning, and Relationship with Outsourced Vendors. Identified gaps, developed remediation plans, and advised IT managers on the OMB/FISMA/FISCAM/IPIA/FFMIA compliance activities and controls.  • Ensuring that management; operational and technical controls for securing either sensitive Security Systems or IT Systems are in place and are followed according to federal guidelines (NIST 800-53). This included ensuring that Risk Management Framework (RMF) steps were taken to implement information security requirements for IT systems throughout their life cycle, from the requirements definition phase through disposal. Additional responsibilities included assurance of vulnerability mitigation, training on C&A tools, supporting and monitor the security controls assessment team and other IT Security Programs.  • Conducting risk assessments in accordance with NIST Special Publication 800-30 Revision 1, and Incorporates threat and vulnerability analyses, likelihood assessment, Business Impact Assessment (BIA) and considers mitigations provided by security controls planned or in place.  • Prepare and review SSP, Risk Assessment reports, Contingency Management Plan, PII, PTA, PIA, SORN, Access Control policies, SOPs, to identify gaps between documentation and IT Security policy and governance e.g. NIST and other industry standards.  • Conducting security controls assessments by utilizing NIST Special Publication 800-53a to assess control derived from 800-53 Rev4 and performing stakeholder interviews, examination of documentation, and technical testing of the required security control.  • Prepare and update the Plan Of Action and Milestone (POA&M), and writes Security Assessment Reports (SAR). IT Security Analyst Intern MJHS CORPORATION GROUP April 2013 to February 2015 • Work on Certification and Accreditation (C & A) process to ensure that security of IT infrastructure followed federal guidelines (NIST 800-53)  • Assist with performing Security Test and Evaluations (ST&E)  • Help create Contingency Plans and determine viability of Contingency Plan Testing for agency systems  • Establish computer and terminal physical security by developing standards, policies, and procedures  • Organize and conduct training for all employees regarding company security and information safeguarding  • Develop reports to share with administrators about the efficiency of security policies and recommend any changes Administration Assistant- Contracts and Administration ICF International October 2011 to October 2012 • Collaborated with director of contracts to provide support and implement new initiatives  • Processing invoices, and wire payments for submissions to accounting  • Data Entry to include maintaining control log and updating spreadsheets  • Conducted document review; reports and correspondence; coordinated signature requests for senior managers and administrators Education M.S in Information Technology UNIVERSITY OF MARYLAND UNIVERSITY COLLEGE - Adelphi, MD January 2013 to May 2016 Bachelors of Science in Certified Information Systems Auditor BOWIE STATE UNIVERSITY - Bowie, MD August 2005 to December 2010 Skills NIST (4 years), TESTING (4 years), SAR (3 years), ACCESS (2 years), ACCESS CONTROL (2 years) Additional Information SPECIALTIES/ SKILLS    • Extensive experience with object oriented analysis, design and developing use case narratives.  • Ability to meet deadlines and handle pressure coordinating multiple tasks.  • Solid Analytical skills and the ability to think logically.  • Demonstrate strong interpersonal skills with the ability to work effectively with upper management  • Excellent leadership skills in motivating others and working well as a team.  • Basic SQL skills  • Experience with the System Development Life Cycle  • Knowledge of Compliance Frameworks (FISMA, SOX, PCI-DSS, HIPAA).  • Knowledge of FISMA artifacts (FIPS 199, SORN, E-Authentication, PTA, PIA, Risk Assessment, SSP, CP, CPT, ST&E, SAR, POA&M, ATO-IATO-DATO, NIST 800-53 Rev 4, ISA).  • Penetration testing and Risk Management capability and knowledge.  • Knowledge of Windows Server environments and Active Directory.  • Knowledge of Cloud Computing and Virtualization.  • Knowledge of Access Control and Authentication techniques.  • Knowledge of Data Protection and Encryption technologies.    GRADUATE RESEARCH/PROJECT    July 2013- July 2013 Information Systems Analysis, Modeling, and design Deliverables, UMUC- Project Manager/Lead  Developed system request proposal to build an information system that managed the U.S. Federal Government's human resources division.    • Conducted feasibility analysis to determine the probability of the project.  • Developed requirement definitions for the application using case documentation.  • Created a fully documented use-case narrative.  • Constructed an Entity Relationship Diagram to be in 1st, 2nd and 3rd Normalization.  • Designed a context, key-based, and a fully attributed data model.  • Created a context diagram to represent the interaction between the stakeholders and the system.  • Reviewed business and technical requirements and interpreted and developed them into conceptual and logical data models