SAP Sr. Security Analyst SAP Sr. <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> SAP Sr. Security Analyst - Cooper Standard Milpitas, CA Work Experience SAP Sr. Security Analyst Cooper Standard - Auburn, IN September 2009 to Present ECC Implementation - Involved in Design, Development and Testing Security Roles for Full cycle SAP Implementations for SAP ECC (FI, CO, Assets, MM, PP, SD, PS and WM Modules) Globally (France, Germany, Poland, Serbia, Romania, United States, Canada and Brazil)  • Supported ECC upgrades (Enhancements and Support Packs) - Used the Panaya Tool for implementing the Role changes impacted by the upgrade.  • FSCM Security Role design implementation for North America (Dispute and Collection Management)  • Building SAP roles and define jobs by coordinating with functional project team members.  • BW Implementation - BW 3.5 Designed, Developed and Tested Security Roles for Full cycle security implemented for Inventory, Scrap, Financial, Reconciliation and Basis Reporting. Used Analysis and Object level authorizations.  • BI upgrade - Used the Migration tool and upgraded the Security from BW 3.5 to BI 7.0 system.  • Developed BI Portal Roles and Maintained Users with UME for BI reporting.  • Configured and Maintained ID based Fire Fighters accounts during Cutover and Production support issues for GRC 10.  • Administered Special ids on Solution Manager System for Global system Monitoring.  • Implement Security for Third party tools GOLD Client, BizTalk, Informatica, Kofax (Markview), Esker and Insight.  • Redesigned Roles to support Client's FI SOD Remediation.  • Implemented Profit Center/Cost Center, Line-Item Table level Security.  • Set up, configured, and maintained Central User Administration (CUA) landscape.  • Implemented SSO for Secure Logon using AD authentication on SAP Clients.  • Extensively used the HP Quality Center for Integration, Regression and User Acceptance Testing stages.  • Documented the Cooper Standard Security FSD's and Operating procedures on User and Role administration, Authorization groups for tables and programs.  • Educated the Development team on special authorizations for securing Custom Tables and Programs, Implemented the authority checks for custom developed transactions.  • Created CATT scripts for performing Mass User changes and Role modification.  • Created, tested and scheduled Security jobs (Expired Role removal, Role comparison, User inactivity) on all the SAP clients.  • Provided hyper care post implementation support for all SAP ECC rollouts.  • Extensively worked with the Consol ticketing system on IT and Business security Access requests, Authorization issues and Role modifications. SAP Sr. Security Analyst, IT Specialist Whirlpool Corporation - Benton Harbor, MI March 2006 to September 2009 Phased SAP R3 implementation of new Manufacturing Plants for North America, Europe and South America which went through all the phases per ASAP Methodology.  • HR Security Implementation for Personnel Administration, Org Management, Payroll and benefits for Whirlpool Plants (Tulsa, Benton harbor, Clyde, Evansville and Findley) and Convergys's Team responsible for running Payroll, Benefits, and Pension.  • Implemented HR Structural Authorizations for Employee ESS/MSS and Appraisals (PMP) Portal.  • BW implementation for HR Department on Compensation, Benefits, Personnel actions and PMP's reports.  • Created Custom Objects to increase the security of the reports by Organization units (by Country)  • Created Analysis Authorizations (RSECADMIN / RSECAUTH) to restrict BI reporting users.  • Developed End-user, Power user, Developer and Analyst roles and assigned the profiles to the appropriate users around the world. Created the necessary authorization objects (RSSM)  • Utilizing system trace (ST01), authority checks (SU53) and RSSM/RSECADMIN to analyze and fix problems related to Bex Queries, and Data Extraction.  • Remediation Projects - Identified Conflicting roles in Finance and Logistic business processes with help of Business Analysts and removed the conflicting transactions.  • SAP Corporate Merging - Merged Maytag R3, HR and BW users with Whirlpool SAP systems and developed new authorizations to match the Job responsibilities.  • Administered Maytag SAP Users across the R3 and BW landscape using CUA.  • GRC Tool BIZRIGHTS Approva - Administered the Extractions and Analysis for Multiple R3 systems to run the SOX reports. Simulated SOD Violations using "What if Analysis" and Ran reports Quarterly for Business Access review  • Used the License Administration Workbench (LAW) for Yearly Auditing the SAP User Licenses.  • Production Support - Provided Senior Level SAP Security Administration, Analysis, Support tasks for all SAP Systems and Landscapes, including R/3, HCM/HR, BI/BW, APO, SEM, EBP, XI, and CRM.  • Integrated the ITIM (IBM Tivoli Identity Manager) with all the Whirlpool SAP systems for Centralized User administration (Password resets, User locks/Unlocks, Role assignments)  • SAP Enterprise Portal 5.0: Created roles/Iviews for HR Compensation, Benefits reports. Imported R/3 Roles into Portals and assigned them to users.  • Created Portal Users and performed mapping between Portals and R/3 system.  • Implement Security for Third party tools INFOSHUTTLE (Data Migration tool), IBM TIVOLI, ABC Warehouse, ReadSoft Invoice Integration, MRO Teklogix Scanner.  • Administered Users and maintained authorizations in CRM/SRM systems for North America.  • Automating the SRM user registration through the employee portal and documented the process for Help Desk support.  • Created and documented the User groups and Roles for the Part Distributors in CRM parts B2B.  • Responsible for Complete Audit of North America, Europe and ASIA SAP systems.  • Experienced with UME for modifying access to the JAVA based SAP systems.  • Ran Annual reports and categorized users for SAP Licensing across 11 Production instances across the global systems using License Administration Workbench (LAW) SAP Security Administrator, Senior IT Specialist Monroe County - Rochester, NY February 2005 to March 2006 Lead the County's Security Team in implementing SAP R3 and HR using ASAP Methodology.    • Full Cycle implementation of Monroe County SAP R3 system (FI, CO, MM, Assets, Funds, Grants, Treasury and Project Systems)    • Full Cycle implementation of Monroe County SAP HR system (OM, PM, Payroll, Time Management and Travel Management.    • Worked Closely with the Virsa Team on Implementing and Configuring of Virsa 4.0.    • Secured the County Divisions (Aviations, County Clerk, Finance, HR, LAW, Parks, etc ) HR access based on Organizational structure using Structural authorizations.    • Documented and Reviewed Security Strategy (Framework Conditions), Business Blueprint (Process Design Documents and Security Matrix), Control Standards and Audit and Legal Requirements.    • Used User Exists to incorporate Authority Checks to restrict Purchase Orders and Requisitions by Business Areas.    • Registered Developer Keys and Object Keys for the Technical team to modify SAP Programs and Objects.    • Reviewed critical and sensitive authorizations for restricting access to the Development, Functional, Security and Basis Team. (S_DEVELOP, S_TABU_DIS, S_ADMI_FCD, etc)    • Activated and Maintained the Security Audit Logs (SM20) and Monitored logs (SM19) for Sensitive data Access and Unauthorized logins reviews.    • Documented the Security Administration procedures and conducted Training workshops for providing Knowledge transfer to the County Security Team.    • Provided day to day technical support and issues resolution during the project including post Go-live support. Education Bachelor of Science in Electronics & Communications Engineering JNTU - Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh 1998 to 2002 Additional Information SKILLS  Languages: C, C++, HTML, ABAP/4.  Databases: MS Access, SQL, and Oracle  Tools: Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Visio, Project), Active Directory, LDAP, HP Quality Center, IBM Tivoli Manager, SharePoint.