Cyber Security Analyst Cyber <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Cyber Security Analyst - Comerica Bank Auburn Hills, MI Experienced security consultant with seven years of vast IT experience in cybersecurity, network security and firewall security with a focus on designing and developing security solutions. Knowledge of Vulnerability Management, Threat Analysis, Risk Management, Compliance and IT Governance. Accomplished researcher who turns challenges into building blocks to learn new technology, master advanced skills and streamline processes.     Visa Status: Green Card. Authorized to work for any employer without visa sponsorship.    IT SECURITY CERTIFICATIONS  • CompTIA Advanced Security Practitioner - (CASP)  • CompTIA Security+  • Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH)  • AWS Solution Architect-Associate  • Qualys Certified Specialist - Vulnerability Management, Web Application Scanning & Policy Compliance.  • CISSP - Completed Training Requirements at SkillSoft Training Institute.  • Udemy Certification: Completed Practical Penetration Testing Certification with Khali and Metasploit. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Cyber Security Analyst Comerica Bank - Auburn Hills, MI March 2017 to Present • Expertise in improving the Risk and Control functions against Governance, Risk Management and Compliance (GRC).  • Expertise in Gathering and analyzing metrics, key risk indicators and maintain scorecards defined within the area of information security to ensure our information security program is performing effectively and efficiently. Familiar with general security risk management principals  and best practices.  • Supported the information security audit and third-party assessment initiatives during planning, execution, and remediation phases, as well  as coordinating and tracking remediation activities.  • Experience in Qualys as Cyber Security Analyst to secure Organization Network and vulnerability management.  • Performing Vulnerability Management by scanning, mapping and identifying possible security holes using Qualys Guard and Nessus scanner.  • Conducting risk and vulnerability assessments of planned and installed information systems to identify vulnerabilities, risks, and protection  needs, Gathers and organizes technical information about an organization's mission and goals in remediation process.  • Participated and assisted with information security activities highlighting schedule, risk assessments, evaluations, analysis.  • Escalated and documented findings & exceptions requests in timely fashion to appropriate IT and business stakeholders to facilitate resolution.  • Ensuring Qualysguard vulnerability scan results are loaded in RSA Archer and groups them by affected Product (e.g., Adobe Reader, Java, MS)  document findings and communicate effective remediation action plans with the remediation plan.  • Knowledge and experience in standard security and regulatory frameworks including ISO, NIST 800-71, HIPAA, SOX and PCI DSS.  • Good knowledge of network and security technologies such as Firewalls, Network layer protocols, TCP/IP, LAN/WAN, IDS/IPS, Routing and Switching.  • Experienced in working on Patch Management, Vulnerability Scanners and Penetration Testing.  • Familiar with threats and vulnerabilities, latest trends and risks and be able to understand the technical remediation action steps or plans and communicate them effectively to teams within the organization.  • Managed policy exceptions with Business Unit requesters and coordinate the annual exception review process.  • Worked directly with various teams to document exceptions, identify compensating controls, and remediation action plans accordingly.  • Provided process improvement suggestions for more effective management and review of exceptions.  • Supported and helped mature the security risk management program. Familiar with general Governance, Risk and Compliance (GRC)  programs with specific knowledge of vendor risk and policy management.  • General knowledge in the areas of IT management, acquisition and maintenance of systems, system operations and Information security  control activity.  • Monitored and researched Cyber Threats with a direct & indirect impact to the organization internally.  • Developing and maintaining current knowledge of technology, security standards, guidelines, policies, and procedures based on best practices  and compliance requirements.  • Performing technical (evaluation of technology) and nontechnical (evaluation of people and operations) risk and vulnerability assessments of relevant technology focus areas (e.g., local computing environment, network and infrastructure, applications, etc.)  • Ensured completion of risk assessment, security compliance and preventing the unauthorized use, release, modification or destruction of data.  • Working with the security engineers to schedule testing of systems (scans, system test and evaluation) and examines active monitoring to ensure controls are in place and are effective.  • Performing security reviews, network-based vulnerability scans and penetration tests to determine security gaps and apply continuous  improvements to secure applications.  • Collaborating with the department IT managers outside of the Information Services Department to ensure information security and privacy  risks are identified, documented and addressed in a timely manner.  • Enforcing information security standards, guidelines, policies, and procedures to other IT project teams.  • Maintaining and enhancing vulnerability management program, to include network vulnerability scanning, exception requests, reporting, and remediation efforts.  • Conducting application security assessments, verifying plans for threats, including static analysis, dynamic analysis, and manual testing of web  and mobile applications and establish test procedures for remediation.  • Making recommendations regarding the selection of security controls to mitigate risk (e.g., protection of information, systems, and processes)  • Documentation of findings & remediations plans through risk rating whenever required in GRC Archer.  • Assisting with development and maintenance of technical documentation and standard operating procedures.  • Conducting Application Security testing & code reviews verifying the scripts written for various functions and instances.  • Additional responsibilities as identified. Information Security Analyst DST Systems - Kansas City, MO January 2016 to March 2017 • Involved in Security Development Life Cycle (SDLC) to ensure security controls are in place.  • Involved in CWE's Top 25 based Vulnerability assessment of web applications.  • Strong knowledge on Vulnerability Management using Qualysguard.  • Experience on Network scanning and reviewing penetration testing results using various web application security tools like Metasploit, Nmap.  • Monitored Security Management Console for Security SOC to ensure Confidentiality, Integrity and Availability of Information systems.  • Provided leadership in architecting and implementing security solutions towards Qualys and SIEM tools like QRadar.  • Managed Cyber Security threats through prevention, detection, response, escalation and reporting in effort to protect Enterprise IT Assets  through Computer Security Incident Response Team (CSIRT).  • Responsible for CSIRT included SIEM, Context Filtering, Web Security, Incident Tracking, IPS/IDS and Malware Analysis.  • Provided necessary designs and implemented security solutions for egress/ingress points using the IPS/IDS sensors across the networks to provide better incident handling and event monitoring.  • Developed Cyber Security Standards on NIST Frameworks and insured their implementation to reduce the risk of vulnerability to IT assets.  • Developed various functions including identifying, protecting, detecting, responding and recovering for performing concurrent and continuous  operation of dynamic security risk.  • Provided suggestions and inputs to Global Security Council as a part of project consulting towards Information Security and Cyber Intelligence.  • Opened, Assigned and closed the tickets assigned in SOC Security Management Console towards Qualys for various Remediation Process and Patch Management Process.  • Vulnerability Management: Configured Qualys Guard Tool for Vulnerability Analysis of Devices and Applications. Monitored them constantly  through the dashboard by running the reports all the time.  • Created Asset Groups, scheduled Scans/Reports for smooth remediation process and assigned the correct sensors to those scanners placed in the network.  • Identified flaws ( Security Misconfiguration, Insecure direct object reference, Sensitive data exposure, Functional level access control, and Invalidated redirects) both in automated and manual testing environment.  • Coordinated with dev team to report vulnerabilities by explaining the exploitation and the impact of the issues over application.  • Managed all the scans including discovery maps, authentication scans to ensure proper scheduling, reporting and smooth functioning of IP's.  • Managed Qualys Cloud Agents. Assisted in installing them over the devices, servers or also for remote users.  • Scanned the entire devices using the cloud agents for employees working from home and provided the solutions to fix the vulnerabilities.  • Managed a Vulnerability Remediation Team (VRT) for reporting all the scan reports and guided them to fix the vulnerabilities and patches  using the QID's, Bugtraq ID's and CVE ID's from knowledge base from vendors.  • Worked on Qualys Web Application Scanning for monitoring the Web Applications, filtering and crawl scoping to detect the vulnerabilities in the web applications and fix them.  • Managed to secure the devices across entire network by using the ThreatProtect Module from Qualys. Measured the level of Severity of devices  to fix the issues arising from them by providing solutions.  • Generated and presented reports on Security Vulnerabilities to both internal and external customers.  • Report the identified issues to development teams, train them over common vulnerabilities, prescribe remediation and follow up on the fixes.  • Excellent code reviewing and programming skills on java, JavaScript, XML environments.  • Had proven adeptness to assigned work with good analytical, interpersonal and problem-solving skills. Information Security Analyst Schenck Process - Jacksonville, FL January 2014 to December 2015 • Developed, implemented and monitored a strategic, comprehensive enterprise information security and IT risk management program to ensure the Confidentiality, Integrity and Availability (CIA) of information owned, controlled or processed by the organization.  • Managed Security Operation Centre Services, Information Security Transitions, Security Controls Gap Analysis, Service Assurance Programs,  help team for Internal and External IT Audits, Security Consultation, Information Risk Assessment for various processes.  • Assisted Senior Information Security Officer in the conduct of Information Security Assurance roles and ensuring system safety.  • Implemented IT security process using Risk Management Framework NIST 800-37, Certification & Accreditation, and Assessment & Authorization document from categorization of information system to monitoring security control.  • Developed System Security Plan SSP to provide an overview of systems requirements.  • Checked events logs for irregularities, identified regularities are then reported as incidents.  • Responsible for monitoring compliance with information security policies by coaching others within the organization on acceptable uses of information technology and how to protect organization systems.  • Performed risk and security assessments of applications, databases, and servers and supports networking technologies, such as routers,  switches, access points, in order to determine if these assets have any vulnerabilities to potential internal or external threats using Qualys.  • Performed cyber security risk and regulatory compliance assessments.  • Ensured that Security Authorization Package such as SSP, POA&M and SAR Security Assessment Reports are maintained, reviewed and updated in accordance with the guideline.  • Conducted time to time risk assessment and reviewed controls for any deficiencies, and the deficiencies where reported to the ISSO for complete mitigation actions.  • Involved in drafting Contingency Plan recommendations for system owners.  • Implemented IT security process using Risk Management Framework NIST 800-37, Certification & Accreditation, and Assessment & Authorization document from categorization of information system to monitoring security control.  • Provided technical and operational leadership for cyber- security incident response.  • Designed a performance and security monitoring system, risk assessment report, incident response, vulnerability assessment and risk  mitigation.  • Responsible for web application vulnerabilities (OWASP TOP 10) to review application source code to find its security vulnerabilities and recommend remediation.  • Responsible for the day-to-day security operations of a system.  • Excellent Project Management skills and adaptable to work in any work environment Trainee Network Engineer Schenck Process India - Bengaluru, Karnataka May 2012 to December 2013 Planned IT network infrastructure with clients to ensure that the systems are tailored and comply with their requirements and needs. Replaced  branch hardware with new routers and switches.  • Deployed, configured and supported Windows based software packages and operating systems.  • Used Active Directory to administrate and troubleshoot network objects and resource issues, also to troubleshoot DNS, Group Policy and DHCP  issues with machines running Windows Server 2008, 2008 R2.  • Dealt with monitoring tools like network packet capture tools such as Wire-shark, OPNET, Cisco Tracer, etc.  • Maintained security systems and administers security policies to control access to systems.  • Maintained the company's firewall and utilizes applicable encryption methods.  • Worked on various Firewall platforms for Checkpoint R77.30, R77.20 and Palo Alto, PAN OS.  • Worked on Checkpoint blades including IPS, Threat prevention, Identity awareness, Application & URL filtering.  • Configured and created rules (Access, deny and Block) to control traffic for new gateways. • Firewall Policy enforcement per customer Policy  including global policy and objects.  • Created information security documentation related to work area and completes requests in accordance with company requirements.  • Identified opportunities and executed plans to improve workflow and understands and quantifies business impacts of those improvements  for communication to management. IT Technology Analyst Spraying Systems Co - Bengaluru, Karnataka May 2011 to August 2011 Planned IT network infrastructure with clients to ensure that the systems are tailored and comply with their requirements and needs. Replaced  branch hardware with new routers and switches.  • Deployed, configured and supported Windows based software packages and operating systems.  • Implemented multi router graphing tool to monitor the company WAN links and Internet T1's.  • Involved performing a diagnosis first then contacting the clients, IT team, presenting them with my findings and working with them to resolve  the issue.  • Implemented numerous Site to Site T1's utilizing hardware from Cisco & Netopia.  • Implemented and managed Norton's corporate anti-virus solution. Education Master of Science in Computer Networks & Communications University of New Haven - West Haven, CT January 2016 Bachelor of Engineering in Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering Visvesvaraya Technological University - Bengaluru, Karnataka June 2013 Skills Cissp, Cybersecurity, Information Security, Nist, Siem, It Security, Information Assurance, Cyber Security, Comptia, Linux, Network Security Certifications/Licenses CompTIA Advance Security Practitioner January 2017 to January 2023 Certified to Design and Secure Solutions across Complex Enterprise Services and Environments. Approved by US DoD as an Information Assurance Technical Level III guidelines (IAT III) and Information Assurance Manager Level II (IAM II) and Information Assurance System Architecture and Engineering Level II (IASAE II).     Equivalent to CISSP as per the DOD's IAT and IAM guidelines. CompTIA Security+ January 2017 to January 2023 Certification includes topics such as Network Security, Compliance, IT  Operations, Threats and Vulnerability Management, Risk Assessment, Access Control, Identity Management and  Cryptography. Accepted by US DoD and Information Assurance Technical Level II guidelines (IAT II). CEH December 2018 to December 2021 Certified Ethical Hacker from EC Council. A certificate obtained by demonstrating knowledge of assessing the security of computer systems by looking for weaknesses and vulnerabilities in target systems, using the same knowledge and tools as a malicious hacker, but in a lawful and legitimate manner to assess the security posture of a target system.  AWS Solution Architect - Associate December 2018 to December 2020 Qualys Certified Specialist - Vulnerability Management, Policy Compliance and Web Application Scanning November 2017 to Present Vulnerability Management: Certifies to deploy, operate and monitor the IT Systems to get the latest vulnerabilities to secure the IT Infrastructure and comply with internal policies and regulations. Leading Cloud security and compliance platform for fastest deployment.    Web Application Scanning: Certifies the protection of Web Applications which provides automated crawling and testing of custom based web applications to detect vulnerabilities including cross site scripting. Used for scanning malware infections and sending alerts to website owners.    Policy Compliance: A cloud service required to automate security configuration assessments on all the IT systems in the network. It will help to reduce risks and stay in compliance with internal policies and external regulations. CISSP April 2019 to Present Completed CISSP Certification Requirements at SkillSoft Training Institute. Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  Networking Technologies: LAN/WAN Architecture, TCP/IP, VLAN, Routing Protocols  Security Firewalls: ASA's, Checkpoint and Palo Alto Firewalls  Qualys Continuous Monitoring: Vulnerability Management, Web Application Scanning, ThreatProtect, Policy Compliance, Cloud  Agents and Asset Management  Event Management: RSA GRC Archer, Blue Coat Proxy, Norse, Splunk, NTT Security, LogRhythm, HP Arcsight  Pen Test Tools: Metasploit, NMAP, Wireshark and Khali  GRC Frameworks: NIST SP 800-171, ISO 27001, HIPPA, HITRUST, PCI DSS, GDPR  Security Intelligence: WhiteHat Web Security, iDefence, NTT Security, LogRhythm.  SIEM: Splunk, Solarwinds, ArcSight, Nitro, IBM QRadar, Forcepoint, Rapid7 Nexpose  Other Tools: Bitbucket, Jira, MS Office Suite, AWS Console  Web Technologies: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, XML  Programming Languages: Proficient in reading and verifying Java, Python languages to perform code reviews & Audits