consultancy services as an IT analyst consultancy services as an <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">analyst</span> consultancy services as an IT analyst - Tata Work Experience consultancy services as an IT analyst Tata March 2016 to Present 2016 in India.  Part of the team managing network and security operations for Apple Inc. across four datacenters in the USA.  This includes hands-on experience on various network devices like multilayer network switches (Cisco Nexus series and Juniper MX series), routers, and Firewalls (Cisco ASA, Juniper SRX). IT Analyst Tata Consultancy Service March 2016 to December 2017 Specialist HCL Technologies October 2014 to March 2016 Worked for HCL technologies from October' 2014 to March' 2016 in India. Part of a Shared Global SOC Operations team managing 3 US based customer accounts such as Oncor power distribution Company, Dr. Pepper Snapple Group and MTaaS (HCL Internal). This includes working on various Firewalls and VPN Technologies (IPSEC and AnyConnect VPN) following strict SLA based timelines and ITIL standards. Sr. Security Analyst Tech Mahindra Pvt. Ltd April 2011 to September 2014 Sr. Security Analyst in Security Operation Centre Tech Mahindra Pvt. Ltd April 2011 to September 2014 team for MSS (Managed Security Services) Projects.  Worked as a contractor for British telecommunication's Global SOC Operations managing its internal network.  This included managing multiple firewalls and Proxy servers at different points in the network based on the environment. Education Bachelor of Engineering in Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering Nagpur University 2005 to 2009 Master of Science in Computer and Information Systems Grand Valley State University Skills SECURITY (7 years), FIREWALLS (6 years), OPERATIONS (6 years), CISCO (2 years), JUNIPER (2 years) Additional Information Technical Expertise:  • Implementation, troubleshooting, consulting & support for various Networking Projects for Global clients.  • Experience of Network security concepts, Routing and switching, Stateful firewalls, & VPN Technologies.  • Hands-on experience in handling Data Center operations and implementation of new builds.  • Product Exposure on Cisco Nexus Series Switches (7K series, 5K series and 2K fabric extenders), Juniper MX series switches, Cisco, Checkpoint, Juniper Firewalls, Cisco - Routers 7200, RSA Authentication Server, QRadar SIEM tool.  • Handling day to day issues with the clients, and Troubleshooting of Network security related issues  • Following ITIL process including Incident management and Change management.  • Knowledge of Programming languages such as Java and C. Also have knowledge of Testing frameworks such as Junit, TestNG, Selenium WebDriver.    • Software Tools: BMC Remedy, HP Open View, Remedy, Citrix, Nagios Monitoring Tool, HPSC and HPSM, Eclipse.