Business Security Analyst Business <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Toledo, OH Work Experience Business Security Analyst Diebold Nixdorf July 2017 to Present • Overall Liaison with Internal and External Audit to complete SOX Audits, including tasks such as: ? Creating evidence repositories through SharePoint libraries for SOX evidence collection ? Coordinating meeting requests with all appropriate users ? Completing audit requests and ensuring remaining requests are completed appropriately and provided from other parties ? Updating audit requests as needed ? Completion of Risk Mitigation for Audit deficiencies • Assist in management of Logical Access Controls, including User Provisioning, User De-provisioning, User Access Reviews, and Password Management.  • Completing User Access Reviews and associated investigations for various areas including Applications and Servers.  • Assist with the maintenance of GRS Policies. Business Security Analyst - Contractor Diebold Nixdorf - North Canton, OH April 2017 to July 2017 • Overall Liaison with Internal and External Audit to complete SOX Audits, including tasks such as: ? Creating evidence repositories through SharePoint libraries for SOX evidence collection ? Coordinating meeting requests with all appropriate users ? Completing audit requests and ensuring remaining requests are completed appropriately and provided from other parties ? Updating audit requests as needed ? Completion of Risk Mitigation for Audit deficiencies • Assist in management of Logical Access Controls, including User Provisioning, User De-provisioning, User Access Reviews, and Password Management.  • Completing User Access Reviews and associated investigations for various areas including Applications and Servers.  • Assist with the maintenance of GRS Policies. Information Security Analyst I HCR ManorCare - Toledo, OH March 2014 to April 2017 • Review and evaluate overall compliance with regulations, including HIPAA Security Rule, PCI DSS, and SOX • Responsible for developing and maintaining the Security Risk Management program • Responsible for scheduling and completing Security Risk Assessments, and reports, on all required applications, software, and systems • Assist with evaluating risks and compliance associated with Third Party applications and software • Create IS Policies, Standards/Guidelines, and other supporting documentation, as well as managing reviews of all documents and coordinating updates as required • Assist with the implementation of Company-wide User Awareness and Training for better Security practices, including training PowerPoints, security reminders, verbal and electronic communications • Overall Liaison to build and maintain relationships with appropriate teams, across various management levels, in order to meet the following objectives: ? between IS and Audit, including Internal and External Audit, to complete all IS Audits ? between IS and Legal Compliance team to collaborate on possible breaches, and other regulatory matters involving IS ? between Security and other IS groups to collaborate on varying projects, such as new software, hardware, business processes, applications, and general information security questions Information Security Consultant Plante Moran - Southfield, MI October 2012 to March 2014 • Perform Audits for IT General Controls focusing on Logical Access, Change Management, and Operations • Perform IT Audits to support Financial Audits for clients in various industries including Governments, Higher Education, Healthcare and Manufacturing • Performed JSOX Audit for Automotive client • Assisted Automotive client with completing policy documentation for 48 IT processes • Assist clients with IT Audit needs • Work closely with other consultants to complete audit assignments IT Compliance Contractor May 2012 to October 2012 • Applied working knowledge of leading enterprise applications (SAP ERP, PeopleSoft, SharePoint) • Communicated with all levels of IT management/staff in discussing risks, controls, and potential issues • Assisted with the completion of Internal and External IS Audits • Created and maintained training documents on IT SOX control execution • Monitored and reported on timely completion of SOX controls for MIS department IT Compliance Intern First Solar - Perrysburg, OH September 2010 to May 2012 • Applied working knowledge of leading enterprise applications (SAP ERP, PeopleSoft, SharePoint) • Communicated with all levels of IT management/staff in discussing risks, controls, and potential issues • Assisted with the completion of Internal and External IS Audits • Created and maintained training documents on IT SOX control execution • Monitored and reported on timely completion of SOX controls for MIS department Education Bachelor of Science in Business Administration in Information Systems Auditing and Controls Bowling Green State University Bowling Green 2012 Skills documentation (6 years), Sarbanes oxley (5 years), Security (8 years), Hipaa Security (3 years), Security Risk Management (3 years) Certifications/Licenses HCISPP May 2015 to Present Healthcare information security and privacy professional Additional Information • Working knowledge of SOX, HIPAA Security Rule  • Knowledge of Security Frameworks including: NIST, ISO 27001/27002/27005, OCTAVE  • Security Risk Assessment Scheduling, Analysis, and Reporting  • Policy Writing including: Policies, Standards, and Guidelines  • Security Risk Management Processes and Analysis  • Project Management  • Documentation Creation and Maintenance