IT AUDITOR <span class="hl">IT</span> AUDITOR IT AUDITOR - HARRISON GROUP Yonkers, NY Experience IT Auditor with a strong background in computer information systems, risk analysis / management, Cyber security, Computer system engineering and Server / Database administration.  A strong strategic planner with problem solving skill and project management abilities. Self-directed professional able to excel in any environment. Fully knowledgeable in applicable regulations and standard audit procedures.  Over my years of work as an IT auditor, I focused on security analysis, performing risk analysis and risk management of organizational information systems controls, ITGC/GCC testing, SOX compliance audits, Information security, System Controls testing, Attestation engagements and application testing. Work Experience IT AUDITOR HARRISON GROUP - New York, NY June 2016 to Present CONTRACT)    Application Controls  • Performed security configuration audit around system access (Administrator, new, terminations, recertification, vendor access configuration/settings)  • Executed change management testing and reviewed processes for vendor updates, fixes or patches  • Performed data back-up and data restoration testing (cloud/off-site)  • Executed ITGC testing of designed controls and its functionality  • Reviewed SSAE16/SOC1 Type 2 report for IT Control findings, Auditor's Opinion and User Entity Control. audit, testing  • Reviewed access to the source code for in-house applications to confirm that access was restricted to authorized and appropriate personnel based on job responsibilities. Source code control tools include Concurrent Version System, Team Foundation Server, Turnover, and Visual SourceSafe.  • Performed interface testing by reviewing data feed scripts between applications to confirm that information was transmitted completely and accurately.  • Evaluated embedded application controls to prevent duplicate trades from being entered into the system.  • Reviewed user access to update the matching rules in the account reconciliation application.    Cyber Risk  • Evaluated documentation across key domains, including governance, data protection, risk management, incident response, access management, and vendor risk.  • Reviewed system configurations at the application and infrastructure layer, technology inventories (hardware, software, and vendors' mobile devices), organizational structure and information security policy.  • Evaluated sufficiency of employee education material regarding social engineering threats and phishing attacks.    Infrastructure Controls  • Reviewed security configurations around server and database platforms  • Performed disaster recovery and business impact analysis  • Reviewed service level agreement and job scheduling  • Reviewed change management procedure and implementation  • Assessed the appropriateness and monitoring of vendor access to network resources. IT AUDITOR Ezek System LLC May 2015 to June 2016 • Conduct control assessments for the design of key ITGCs to identify deficiencies and required evidence in preparation for the Service Organization Control (SOC) 1 Type I and Type II reports for Alternative Investment companies and Brokerage firms.  • Performed walkthrough procedures with control owners to analyze control design and documentation.  • Identified risks and control gaps through onsite fieldwork to assess clients' control environments.  • Reviewed policies and procedures for managing changes, user access to system resources, and IT operations.  • Evaluated password configuration settings, including: minimum length, initial log-on, uses of a onetime password, composition, frequency of forced changes, number of failed logon attempts before account lockout, ability of users to assign their own passwords, history, idle session timeout, and logging of failed login attempts.  • Tested user access appropriateness to applications based on job responsibilities.  • Inspected periodic access review documentation to verify that the user list was complete, each account was reviewed and access changes were processed as requested.  • Evaluated the approval process for granting new users access to business applications.  • Reviewed the access revocation process to determine whether communication from HR was made timely to the IT department. Also assessed whether the IT department processed the request in a timely manner.  • Reviewed the backup schedule to confirm that application data was copied on a predefined basis and stored offsite.  • Reviewed the incident and problem management issue tracking process to verify that issues were tracked and resolved in a timely manner.  • Tested that changes to applications were authorized, tested and approved prior to implementation into production.  • Reviewed access to the source code for in-house applications to confirm that access was restricted to authorized and appropriate personnel based on job responsibilities. Source code control tools include Concurrent Version System, Team Foundation Server, Turnover, and Visual SourceSafe.  • Evaluated segregation of duties in user administration and change implementation processes.  • Reviewed data feed scripts between applications to confirm that information was transmitted completely and accurately.  • Evaluated embedded application controls to prevent duplicate trades from being entered into the system.  • Reviewed user access to update the matching rules in the account reconciliation application.  • Performed review for Internal Audit of an expense reporting application to confirm that user assignments were appropriately configured and embedded application controls restricted user permissions.  List of Clientele/Attestation Engagements    • Icon Investment  • Sutherland/ReadyCap Asset Management  • MedEquities Realty Trust  • Townsquare Media Group Engineer - System II ATOS IT / Client April 2012 to May 2015 * Active Directory: Deploy updates, service packs and hot fixes using Windows Update, Automatic Updates, and Group Policies.  * Schedule and push System security updates and patches.  * User rights and permission, disabling and enabling accounts, file and folder permissions and configuring security templates as per need.  * Worked closely with technical analysts and network technicians to isolate and resolve issues affecting workstations such as LAN connectivity. Provide initial hands-on training to clients  * Data Support: Mapping, support, and administering network drives at client and server level  * HP connected data backup specialist  * Install configure and Support in house / cooperate applications such as, SAP, Avid News cutter, Disney send it, Aspera connect, iNews, Mars and File Maker Pro.  * Ability to relate with customers/end-users while onsite and offsite  * Thin imaging fully IMac and MacBook in environment using LDAP, as well Casper Suit to deploy applications.  * Packaged Applications and pushed to systems, built custom images for our Mac using Casper Suite System Security Analyst McAfee January 2012 to April 2012 * Worked closely with Security Experts to Setup E-policy Orchestrator 4.6 Servers and migrated Active Directory structures into EPO  * Installation and configuration of client Security Agent, Server Setup, Security Configuration, Network Software Migrations, Clustering and Virtual IP Security Configuration. Education Bachelors in Computer Science in Computer Science The City College of New York June 2020 Associates in Computer Science in Computer Science The Borough of Manhattan College January 2010 to August 2012 Diploma in Computer in information System IPMC College of Technology August 2007 to August 2008 Skills ACTIVE DIRECTORY (3 years), GHOST, LINUX, RED HAT, MAC (3 years), Cisa, It Audit, SOX, Cobit Certifications/Licenses CPE CISA ( In Progress) A+ Certified Network+ MCSE Additional Information Operating Systems: Windows 10 Professional, 7 Enterprise, Windows 2012 Enterprise Server, Active Directory/Domains, Mac OS, Red Hat Linux  Software: Office 365 / 2013 Suite, MacAfee EPO/Antivirus, Symantec Norton Ghost /Corporate Antivirus