IT MANAGER <span class="hl">IT</span> MANAGER IT Risk-Focused Information Security Specialist with IT Security, Risk, Compliance, Audit and Management Experience Nashville, TN Information Security Specialist with a strategic vision for an IT Risk and Compliance Program that integrates Compliance and Audit with Risk and Control Management into a holistic, standards-based IT Risk Management Framework. CISA (2017) | CRISC expected 2018 | CISSP expected 2019 Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT MANAGER DIDD, STATE OF TN March 2017 to Present Utilize risk-based approach to  • Provide strategic planning for Information Security Program  • Oversee development of policies and procedures that are multi-regulation compliant.  • Manage resources to address greatest risk and compliance possible with available resources.  • Act as lead information security consultant for IT and Business.  • Oversee agency response to phishing attacks.  • Oversee agency identity and access management program.  Work collaboratively with  • Vendors to address security risks identified during SDLC and pre-implementation review.  • Agency in responding to State auditor IT findings.  • HIPAA Privacy Officer and HIPAA attorney to evaluate and mitigate security risks.  • End users, senior manager, middle managers, IT business analysts, developers, DBAs, IT managers, etc.  to identify, evaluate and mitigate risks and to ensure compliance.  • Members of own team to foster innovation and aspiration, strengthen skills and broaden experience  base, lead, inspire, and motivate. SR INFO SECURITY ANALYST DIDD, STATE OF TN October 2013 to February 2017 Established and led Information Security Program, including  • IT Security Policy Working Group.  • IT risk management and IT control management and documentation.  • IT compliance across multiple federal/state laws and regulations and Enterprise controls framework.  • Security audits of administrative, technical and physical security controls.  • Internal IT consulting to business stakeholders, users, HIPAA attorney, HIPAA Privacy Officer.  • IT contract, MOU, agreement and product review to ensure compliance.  • Promotion of security awareness and compliance.  • Oversight of vendor security compliance.  • Technical system security training for IT support staff and developers.  • Agency phishing attack and malware infection response.  • Collaborative design of system security architecture with vendor to ensure minimum necessary access.    Agency Committee Service  Information Security Policy and Procedure Workgroup Executive Policy Committee LEAN Steering  Committee HIPAA Policy Workgroup IT AUDITOR LBMC RISK MANAGEMENT SERVICES October 2012 to June 2013 Performed control reviews within: IT governance, policy and procedures, access management,  awareness and training, audit and accountability, change management, media protection, backup and disaster recovery/ contingency planning, physical and environmental security, incident response,  and configuration management within Windows and Linux Environments.  • Participated in compliance audits across varied industries: interviewed; conducted walkthroughs;  requested, obtained, and reviewed evidence; assessed internal controls and performed compliance  gap analyses; documented and reported findings.  • Utilized security standards, frameworks and best practices within assessments: NIST, CMS ARS  (HIPAA, FISMA), SSAE 16, SOX, SOX/MAR, NERC CIP, ISO 27002. Education Master of Science in Information Security in MSIS Lewis University May 2012 Skills SECURITY (5 years), SDLC (1 year), CYBER SECURITY, RISK MANAGEMENT (3 years), AUDIT (Less than 1 year) Certifications/Licenses CISA November 2018 to December 2019 Certified Information System Auditor | Scored in top 10% world-wide for entire month in which exam was taken. Additional Information Core Competencies Knowledge Base  • IT Risk Assessment & Risk Management • IT Audit • IT Compliance IT Control Frameworks  • SDLC • Internal Information/Cyber Security Consulting    Soft Skills  • Known for excellent communication skills, 'asking good questions', and reliability • Self-directed • Self-  initiator • Works well autonomously and collaboratively • Creative Problem Solver