IT Security Officer <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> Officer IT Security Officer - U.S District Court Anchorage, AK I have helped organizations with Cyber Security, network engineering, servers and more. I have over 10 years of IT experience. Here are some of my skills:    Cyber Security: Risk assessments, security controls, incident response, disaster recovery planning, Vulnerability scanning with Nessus, Certs: CISA, GSEC, GCIH    Computer Skills: VMWare, Microsoft Server, Active Directory, Windows 10, SAN    Networking: Cisco, HP, Meraki, routing, switching Work Experience IT Security Officer U.S District Court - Anchorage, AK August 2017 to Present Introduced and maintained security best practices for the organization. This included risk assessments, benchmarks, vulnerability scans and asset management. I also helped define several security policies. This included polices for remote access, maintenance, and incident response.    ? Helped design and implement a new network with Cisco switches and VLAN's.  ? Started a project to introduce better incident response and disaster recovery.  ? Helped design more secure configurations for Windows servers, workstations & laptops.  ? Monitored antivirus software for any configuration issues or viruses.  ? Worked with vendors to procure software, hardware and network equipment.  ? Helped manage IT projects  ? Spent time troubleshooting and resolving network, Internet and computer issues.  ? Ensured systems meet industry best practice for security Systems Analyst TIKIGAQ CORPORATION - Anchorage, AK August 2014 to August 2017 Maintained technology infrastructure and IT equipment including servers, VMWare virtualization, Meraki firewalls, network equipment, laptops and workstations. Researched and recommend new technologies and support roughly 150 personnel across 5 geographically dispersed locations.    ? Designed and Managed multi-site LAN/WAN  ? Introduced and configured new Meraki firewalls to replace out-of-date firewalls across 5 locations to improve system control and overall security.  ? Designed, Installed and Managed Windows & Linux servers  ? Implemented better security by integrating our remote access VPN into Active Directory.  ? Managed and deployed workstations and laptops  ? Recommended hardware and software solutions  ? Worked with vendors to procure software, computers, servers and network equipment  ? Managed Microsoft Office 365 that included, Email, Word, Excel, PowerPoint and other Microsoft office applications.  ? Managed IT projects  ? Troubleshoot and resolved network, Internet and computer issues as needed. Network Engineer GCI/INTEGRATED, LLC - Anchorage, AK April 2013 to August 2014 Configured and deployed Cisco and Juniper routers. This included static routing, OSPF, and MPLS.  ? Participated in project management process for client projects.  ? Implemented firewall configuration based on customer requirements  ? Implemented changes to Cisco routers based on project requirements  ? Performed as implementation engineer on a small team that consistently delivered broadband-provided internet service projects on time  ? Participated in client meetings to assess client needs and system expectations.  ? Deployed network equipment such as Juniper routers and switches, cisco routers, provisioned network bandwidth, and maintained firewall rules.  ? Resolved client need for middle-of-nowhere mobile internet by innovating traveling mobile satellite solution on a sled.  ? Helped design WAN solutions for clients  ? Troubleshoot and resolved network & Internet issues for clients IT Instructor CHARTER COLLEGE - Anchorage, AK February 2011 to April 2013 Taught adult education courses on Microsoft, Cisco, and IT security to classes of up to 17 students. Leveraged communication skills to translate technical information into plain English.    ? Designed lesson plans with hands-on lab components such as building a Cisco network to engage students and break up 4-hour-long classes.  ? Empowered adult students with the skills, knowledge, and tools required to succeed in their jobs and certification tests.  ? Taught Microsoft, Cisco, Wi-Fi and Security classes Education BS in Information Technology in Information Technology American InterContinental University 2013 Charter College 2011 Additional Information Cyber Security Skills. Risk assessments, security controls, incident response, disaster recovery planning, Vulnerability scanning with Nessus, Certs: CISA, GSEC, GCIH    Computer Skills. VMWare, Microsoft Server, Active Directory, Windows 10, SAN    Network Skills. Cisco, HP, Meraki, routing, switching