Information Security Analyst Information <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Information Security Analyst Laurel, MD Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Information Security Analyst CITIBANK March 2016 to September 2017 • Performing analysis, maintaining security requirements dealing with application authorization, ID provisioning and ID management to minimize access control issues and segregation of duty (SOD) concerns  • Using established processes to promote security changes following documented procedures  • Assist in managing identity and access management  • Contributing to the IAM Security Administration team meeting target SLA's, audit compliance, and management defined performance metrics.  • Monitoring all aspects of IAM processes for security violations.  • Assist in establishing minimum security baselines according to risk level  • Defining process for certifying that information systems meet minimum security requirements and for obtaining management authorization to operate an information system  • Monitoring compliance with information security requirements and assist in deploying security controls  • Implementing a program for provision of security awareness and training  • Ensuring that services provided by third-parties adhere to information security policy  • Involves in several phases of implementing application security IT Security Analyst MISSOURI DEPT. OF CORRECTIONS, Jefferson City January 2013 to March 2016 • Held meetings with CISO and system stakeholders prior to assessment engagements.  • Prepared and submitted Security Assessment Plan (SAP) to CISO for approval.  • Used NIST SP 800-37 Guide in applying the Risk Management Framework to Federal Information Systems  • Worked with the NIST SP 800-53 Security and Privacy Controls for Federal Information Systems.  • Developed and conducted Contingency Plan and Test  • Developed and updated system security plan (SSP), plan of action and milestone (POA&M).  • Monitored controls post-authorization to ensure continuous compliance with security requirements.  • Used vulnerabilities assessment tools such as Retina, Nessus and MBSA vulnerability scanners to detect potential risks on single and multiple assets across the enterprise network.  • Created reports detailing the identified vulnerabilities and the step taken to remediate them.  • Knowledgeable in Risk Assessment and Risk Management Information Security Administrator JC CLEANERS, Jefferson City September 2011 to December 2012 • Analyzing and defining security requirements for a variety of IT issues.  • Designing, developing and implementing solutions to IT security requirements at various levels of the agency's System Development Life Cycle (SDLC).  • Gathering, analyzing and organizing technical information about systems, existing security products and ongoing programs.  • Performing risk analysis that also include risk assessments.  • Performing vulnerability checks and assessment Junior Fraud Analyst ELECTRICITY CORPORATION OF GHANA - Accra, GH September 2008 to January 2011 • Assisted on projects, audits, and other tasks reviewed and conducted in-depth analysis on regulatory and legal changes that affected the company.  • Prepared written reports and analyzed for compliance management.  • Assisted on projects, audits, and other tasks as assigned. Managed projects required to implement regulatory and legal changes, which included the implementation of project goals, coordination of efforts between multiple departments and monitoring for effectiveness  • Reviewed incoming leads to determine if further investigation is warranted.  • Conduct independent reviews resulting from the discovery of situations that potentially involve fraud, waste and abuse.  • Review information contained in standard claims processing system files (e.g., claims history, provider files) to determine provider billing patterns and to detect potential fraudulent or abusive billing practices  • Compile and maintain various documentation and other reporting requirements Education Master of Science in Information Assurance & Computer Security Dakota State University - Madison, SD December 2018 Bachelor of Science in Computer Information Systems Lincoln University - Jefferson City, MO December 2014 Master of Business Administration in Business Administration University of Ghana - Accra, GH May 2008 Bachelor of Arts in Humanities University of Ghana - Accra, GH May 2005 Skills Authentication (Less than 1 year), COBIT (Less than 1 year), Excel (Less than 1 year), FEDERAL INFORMATION SECURITY MANAGEMENT ACT (Less than 1 year), NIST (3 years) Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  Standards: COSO, COBIT 4.1, Sarbanes-Oxley Act, SAS-70, ISO 17799, NIST 800-Series, FIPS, FISMA, FEDRAMP  Software/Platform/Artifacts: MS Office Suite (PowerPoint, Excel, Access), Fips199, NIST 800-37  SORN, E-Authentication, PTA, PIA, RA, SSP, CP, CIPT, ST&E, SAR, POA&M, ATO, NIST 800-53A, ISA