Information Security Analyst Information <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Information Security Analyst - Randolph Brooks Federal Credit Union Work Experience Information Security Analyst Randolph Brooks Federal Credit Union November 2017 to Present Monitor multiple security systems and alerts with by using the tools given to access the issues  ? Investigate arising incidents caused by malicious activities and the company's vulnerabilities  ? Documented security events daily reports and notified management on critical issues  ? Monitored and managed vulnerabilities with scanners such as Nessus and Nexpose  ? Assist with Vendor Management reviews on SOC 2 documentation Information Security Analyst JEFFERSON BANK October 2015 to November 2017 Monitor multiple security systems for a Banking company  ? Investigate arising incidents caused by malicious activities, and identified false positives  ? Documented security events daily to create a baseline of activity for the banks network  ? Monitored and managed email spam filters, firewalls, anti-virus systems, and vulnerability  scanners  ? Part of Vendor Management Committee IT Compliance and Security Analyst HARLAND CLARKE August 2013 to September 2015 Provide an oversight of adequate and effective security processes & controls to be followed and aligned in compliance with established security policies.  ? Support the IT department by implementing security controls and processes that follow best  practices to ensure adherence to regulatory requirements, specifically Sarbanes Oxley.  ? The primary goal is to provide reasonable assurance to management concerning the integrity of the system of internal controls and compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Education Masters in Information Systems and Security in Information Systems and Security Our Lady of the Lake University December 2014 Skills Analyzer (Less than 1 year), IDS (Less than 1 year), Nessus (1 year), Nexpose (1 year), Security (5 years), Information Security Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS    ? SECURITY: Symantec, Nessus, Nexpose, SecureWorks, EIQ, IDS/IPS, Vendor  management, certificate configuration and management, Fortinet, Dell Kace, PDQ  Inventory and Deploy, QRadar, Carbon Black Bit 9, Varonis  ? REVERSE ENGINEERING: Arin, MxTool, malware sandbox, Fortinet Analyzer    ? OPERATING SYSTEMS: Windows 7,10; Windows Server 2012