IT Cybersecurity Analyst, iAM Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> Cybersecurity <span class="hl">Analyst</span>, iAM <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Cybersecurity Analyst, iAM Analyst Charlotte, NC Work Experience IT Cybersecurity Analyst, iAM Analyst TIAA - Charlotte, NC 2014 to April 2019 • Served as Project Lead to identify applications that were good candidates for automation.  • Worked with Internal departments in getting requirements for applications ready for automation.  • Interfaced with Internal Application owners to Decentralize applications that were not a candidate for automation.  • Decentralized applications in preparation for automation.  • Ensured decentralized teams were trained and documentation was up to date.  • Working knowledge of SailPoint.  • On a daily basis successfully protected the company data via the termination process.  - Ensured that terminated users could not access data after termination.  - Oversaw/processed the manual terminations to ensure that Terminated users were  successfully removed/disabled across 40+ applications within 3 business days.  - This resulted in approximately 400+ users on a monthly basis successfully terminated across multiple platforms without any audit findings.  - Communicated with HR and various levels of Management for Immediate Terminations.  • Trained Staff, served as a mentor for the team.  • Filled in for management in their absence assuring smooth and efficient office operations.  • Communicated with Auditing to provide evidence of processed work. Sr. IT Security Analyst TIAA - Charlotte, NC 2003 to 2013 • Trained New and Existing staff on various applications and platforms.  • Oversaw accuracy and ensured team processed requests within Service Level Agreement (SLA).  • Used Service Now as the system of record to process Incidents, Change requests and Access requests that was in good order for applications across various platforms. Example:  ? RACF  ? Active Directory  ? VM Directory  ? Natural  ? TPX  ? PEOPLESOFT    Sr. IT Security Analyst,  • Granted access to New Hires.  • Ensured access was properly removed from transferred employees.  • Acted as Team Lead for Process improvement  • Represented team on various projects and upgrades to various applications / platforms.  • Centralized applications to the Access Management Team.  • Created and updated Standard Operating procedures (SOP's).  • Worked with internal departments for application upgrades. Education Associate in Applied Science in Applied Science Laguardia Community College Skills Active directory, Racf, Rsa, Cms, Audit Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/donna-pinedo Additional Information SKILLS    • RACF • TPX • Access Management Audit  • Active Directory • Service Now • Troubleshooting  • TSO • CA Identity Manager • Leadership  • CMS • RSA Secure ID • Training  • Eagle • Sail Point • Creating Documentation