Sr Security Specialist Sr <span class="hl">Security</span> Specialist Sr Security Specialist - Nautiquos Business Solutikns Inc Aurora, CO Seeking an Information Assurance and Compliance position in a growth oriented organization with focus on RMF, NIST, HIPPA, HI-TRUST, ISO 270001 and PCI-DSS Standards, system certification & accreditation, testing internal IT controls, system monitoring and vulnerability management.  SKILLS:  A&A artifact, System Categorization, Controls Selection and Implementation, Risk Assessment, Monitoring Compliance, Contingency Planning, Incident Response, Disaster Recovery Plan, POA&M Management, Vulnerability Management, FISMA, NIST SP 800-60, SP 800-53 Rev 3& Rev 4, SP 800-53A, SP 800-37, SP 800-137, SP 800-18, SP 800-34, FIPS 199 and FIPS 200. Work Experience Sr Security Specialist Nautiquos Business Solutikns Inc June 2017 to Present • Creating and updating the following documents: Risk Assessment Report, E-Authentication, Security Assessment Plan, System Security Plan, Contingency Plan, Contingency Plan Test, Security Assessment Report, Plan of Action and Milestone (POA&M).  • Monitoring compliance with information security policies by coaching others within the organization on acceptable uses of information technology and how to protect organization systems.  • Working with engineers and developers to incorporate the best security safeguard and practice on both production and Test &Development Lab (TDL) systems.  • Assisted System Owner by coordinating the certification and accreditation process of the General Support Systems for field sites and telecommunications.  • Generated, reviewed and updated the Systems Security Plan (SSP) in accordance with NIST SP 800-53; as well as all security documentations required for the certification and accreditation, and took the system through full accreditation  • Assessed system security controls using 800-53A.  • Identified security risks, threats and vulnerabilities of networks/systems/applications.  • Reviewed and updated E-Authentication and Privacy Threshold Analysis (PTA).  • Developing POA&M (Plan of Action & Milestones) document to take corrective actions resulting from Security Assessment of systems controls.  • Preparing and presenting briefings to senior management officials on Information Assurance/Information Security principles to manage risks.  • Coordinating internal compliance review and monitor activities for Network Operations, including periodic reviews of departments within the Network Operations functional unit and collaborate with Internal Audit.  • Reviewing system audit log events and identifying any suspicious activities. Security Analyst Douala IT - Baltimore, MD September 2013 to May 2017 • Develop, review and update Information Security System Policies, System Security Plans (SSP), and Security baselines in accordance with NIST, FISMA and industry best security practices  • Categorize system and identify security objectives by applying appropriate information security control for Federal Information System based on NIST SP 800-60, SP 800-53, FIPS 199, FIPS 200, and OMB A-130 Appendix III.  • Prepare and review Authorization to Operate (ATO) packages (i.e. SSP, RA, CMP, ISCP, DRP, IRP and PIA) for systems and facilities using NIST publications.  • Assist POA&M teams to remediate vulnerabilities of various entities for low, moderate and high impact systems.  • Monitored controls post authorization to ensure continuous compliance with security requirements.  • Formulate security assessment reports and recommendations for mitigating vulnerabilities and exploits in the system.  • Perform the Assessment & Accreditation (A&A) on General Support Systems (GSS), Major Applications and Systems to ensure that such environments are operating within strong security posture.  • Perform Security Assessments to determine if controls are implemented correctly, operating as normal and meeting desired objectives.  • Create ATO package documents; SSP, RA, SAR, POAM reports, etc., based on the security assessments performed on systems.  • Perform the role of Security Control Assessor by reviewing the artifacts and implementations statements provided by the ISSO on a system to determine if the security controls are yielding the desired result.  • Update the controls changes from NIST-800 53 Rev3 to NIST-800 53 Rev4 and control assessment changes from NIST-800 53A to NIST 53A rev4.  • Performed ongoing security control Assessments Network System Administrator Ghana Atomic Energy Commission - Accra, GH March 2010 to August 2013 Ghana  • Diagnosed hardware and software problems, and replace defective components.  • Performed data backups and disaster recovery operations.  • Maintained and administer computer networks and related computing environments, including computer hardware, systems software, applications software, and all configurations.  • Planned, coordinated, and implemented network security measures in order to protect data, software, and hardware.  • Performed routine network startup and shutdown procedures, and maintain control records.  • Designed, configured, and tested computer hardware, networking software and operating system software.  • Recommended changes to improve systems and network configurations, and determine hardware or software requirements related to such changes.  • Monitored network performance in order to determine whether adjustments need to be made, and to determine where changes will need to be made in the future.  • Analyzed equipment performance records in order to determine the need for repair or replacement.  • Maintained logs related to network functions, as well as maintenance and repair records. IT Support Airtel Ghana Limited - Accra, GH December 2003 to March 2010 Ghana  • Performed data backups and disaster recovery operations.  • Maintained and administered computer networks and related computing environments, including computer hardware, systems software, applications software, and all configurations.  • Planned, coordinated, and implemented network security measures in order to protect data & hardware.  • Operated master consoles in order to monitor the performance of computer systems and networks, and to coordinate computer network access and use.  • Performed routine network startup and shutdown procedures, and maintain control records.  • Conferred with network users about how to solve existing system problems.  • Monitored network performance in order to determine whether adjustments need to be made, and to determine where changes will need to be made in the future.  • Analyzed equipment performance records to determine the need for repair or replacement.  • Maintained logs related to network functions, as well as maintenance/repair records. Education Bachelor of Science in Information Technology in Information Technology University of Cape Coast May 2003