IT Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Manager IT Manager - INDEX FRESH INC San Jacinto, CA Highly experienced Senior Information Technology Manager with a proven record of 20+y of experience  managing technical teams in both corporate and start-up settings. An inquisitive professional with  expertise in hiring, training, and mentoring personnel. Professional with broad experience and extensive  knowledge in cross-functional IT project management, methodologies and techniques. Work Experience IT Manager INDEX FRESH INC - Riverside, CA March 2016 to Present Management of IT services and systems including monitoring, maintenance, development,  deployment and upgrades.  Responsible for the daily operational performance of the desktop team and individuals within it to meet productivity and Service Level Agreements. This will include reviewing ticketing reports, KPIs and metrics, as well as overseeing the day-to-day response to incidents and requests.  Ensure technical infrastructure and the company's network is function well at all times.  Managed operational and escalation/incidents of core services including connectivity, applications and services hosted in both cloud and legacy environments.  Design, establish and maintain a network infrastructure for local and wide area connectivity and remote access.  Lead vendor contract negotiations for all new computer equipment, software, telecom, and other IT  related projects purchased for the company.  Responsible for the day to day IT requirements of the company such as user management, troubleshooting, help and advise.  Keeps Company Stakeholders promptly and fully formed of all problems or unusual matters of significance and takes prompt corrective action where necessary or suggests alternative courses of action which may be.  Managed 5 IT staff, including hiring, training, conflict resolution, and performance coaching and talent management.  Worked effectively with various stakeholders (executives, department heads, end users, vendors, or consultants) to define business and systems requirements.  •Develop strategic plans and implement the objectives of Index Fresh's information technology needs ensuring that computing capabilities are responsive to the organization’s needs. IT Systems Analyst RIVERSIDE COUNTY INFORMATION TECHNOLIGY - Riverside, CA October 2014 to January 2016 Receive, log, and route user calls for assistance or repair; monitor trouble call/resolution  information; follow-up on and report aged calls to ensure timely response.  Troubleshoot and coordinate resolution to desktop communication problems and remote system  connections; troubleshoot software and equipment errors, and coach users in correcting reported  problems.  Maintain 90% on time resolution of 72 hours or less of all BMC Remedy tickets from Help Desk.  Research, evaluate, test hardware and software products, and systems solutions; install, configure and test hardware and software, prepare reports and proposals for service.  Prepare and maintain technical documentation and procedures; perform preventative maintenance and repair hardware. Information Systems Security Manager U.S. Navy - San Diego, CA January 2008 to January 2014 Develop, Implement and manage a formal Information Security / Information Systems Security  Program.  Develop an Information Systems Security, Education, Training, and Awareness Program (SETA).  Review and Oversee all Information Systems Security Plans / SSPS (Certification/Accreditation).  Manage and Coordinate Information Security Inspections and Incident Response.  Ensure proper Protection and / or Corrective Measures have been taken when an Incident or  Vulnerability has been discovered.  Perform Risk Assessments. Network Security Analyst U.S. Navy - San Diego, CA November 2004 to July 2008 Planning and implementing security measures to protect computer systems, networks and data.  Information security analysts are expected to stay up-to-date on the latest intelligence, including  hackers' methodologies, in order to anticipate security breaches.  Installing firewalls, data encryption and other security measures.  Recommending security enhancements and purchases.  Training staff on network and information security procedures.  Creating, testing and implementing network disaster recovery plans. Education Bachelor of Science in Information Technology University Of Phoenix - Pasadena, CA May 2019 Certificate in Project Management University Of California - Riverside, CA December 2016 High School Diploma Cedar Valley College - Lancaster, TX 1988 Skills SECURITY (10+ years), FIREWALLS (3 years), TELECOMMUNICATIONS (2 years), ASSOCIATE (Less than 1 year), BUDGETING (Less than 1 year), Exchange Server (10+ years), Customer Service, Network Administration, exchange, SQL, Citrix, IT Management, Vendor Management, VoIP, Vmware, Strategic Planning, Excel, Active Directory, Mitel (5 years), HTML, Cisco, Disaster Recovery Military Service Branch: United States Navy Rank: E-7 Additional Information Skills    Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Budgeting and finance  Visio, Outlook), Microsoft Server Administration Self-motivated  (Windows 2000, 2003, and 2008), Windows 7, 8, Strong verbal communication  10, Cisco Secure Communications, Cisco Security Conflict resolution  Agent, and Telecommunications Fundamentals. Extremely organized  Network+, Security+, CCNA (Certified Cisco Staff development  Network Associate), Information Assurance  Awareness 06-10 and Firewalls, Cisco integrated  Routers 2800, 2900 series, Cisco Switches 2960. Sonicwall  Multiprotocol Label Switching (MPLS), HIPPA,  PCI. Remedy Ticketing System. Microsoft System  Center. Citrix Cloud. Antivirus software and  remote support products.  Project management  Risk management processes and analysis  Process implementation  Team leadership  Team liaison  Data management  Lean Six Sigma Training  IT Asset Managment