Security Specialist <span class="hl">Security</span> Specialist System Administrator - Pryer Aerospace Bixby, OK Work Experience Security Specialist Hostek - Tulsa, OK January 2019 to Present Track and investigate cyber security threats. Implement security policies. System Administrator Pryer Aerospace - Tulsa, OK June 2018 to December 2018 • Manage, configure and deploy HPE and cisco switches and router in the infrastructure which includes two sites.  • Familiar with both Cisco and HPE command line interface to configure switches and router.  • Configure routing protocols, vlans and routes in environment.  • Update, manage, migrate and configure servers ranging from Windows server 2008 r2 to windows  server 2016 running on physical machines as well as through vSphere center and Microsoft Hyper- V server core platform.  • Update, manage and configure DNS, DHCP, AVG, Domain controllers and IPAM servers in infrastructure. This includes creating address pools via DHCP to meet the needs of devices and  subnets for various departments, administering the avg admin console to provide updates to all  end user devices and managing subnets through the IPAM server.  • Configure all Ubiquiti wireless access points as well as controller to provide both business and guest access.  • Monitor the firewall for intrusions as well as allowing access to Fortinet VPN client for users.  • Create custom windows 10 images using WDS and MDT.  • Create login and various scripts using PowerShell and command line.  • Provide tier 1 through 3 support for 200 end users and devices.  • Manage Allworx phone system, streamlined onboarding process to efficiently get phone working  on the network.  • Administer office 365 applications and portal as well as setup single sign on capabilities between active directory on premise and azure active directory. Desktop Engineer Saint Francis Health System - Tulsa, OK August 2017 to June 2018 Configuration, installation, and troubleshooting of hardware and Software such Microsoft office,  adobe etc.  • Provide Application and user support for over 5000 end-users from numerous sites using Service-now ticketing system.  • Provide remote support as well deskside support to users.  • Collaborate with various departments and vendors to solve day to day issues.  • Deploying pcs to newly renovated areas.  • Provide windows 7 and VDI environment support which includes installation of applications,  reimaging and troubleshooting issues.    CCNA Cyber Ops Scholarship - September 2017 - February 2018  • Lab experience for several months inside Cisco's learning center working with tools and applications  such as Wireshark, ELSA, BRO, SNORT, SGUIL, Security Onion and Kali Linux. This was also partnered with skyline technologies to provide mentoring to scholarship recipients.  • Used BRO and Snort to both view and block malicious intrusions.  • Investigate malware by correlating events from BRO and Snort with Wireshark through use of the 5  Tuple.  • Investigate malicious activities by using regex commands inside ELSA to efficiently search and review  logs of client and servers, correlating these events with other security tools to verify a malicious attack or malicious insider trying to pivot throughout the network.  • Analyzing Wireshark to verify attacks through network streams such a Syn flood, buffer overflows,  SQL injection, and exfiltration of data.  • Analyzed, observed and recreated attacks such as SQL injections, buffer overflows, privilege  escalation through social engineering methods through the use of tools in Kali Linux.  • Analyzed firewall events while also learning fundamentals in configuring and tuning the firewall based  on traffic coming into the network.  • Fundamental knowledge of CSIRT processes and guidelines through extensive reading of NIST  documents (NIST.SP.800-61r2 and NIST SP800-86). IT Analyst Support Services Family and Children's Services - Tulsa, OK June 2016 to August 2017 • Created and deployed PowerShell scripts to automate processes such as software installation.  • Provide Application & user support for over 700 end-users.  • Assistance and training, computer, user account maintenance and weekly security training to new  hires.  • Responsibilities require both technological skills and physical abilities to accomplish.  • Support 700 end users in multiple locations with solutions to common and unique challenges to their  computer related issues.  • Collaborate with over 20 software and hardware companies to identify and resolve high-level support  problems.  • Administration of Active Directory users, mailboxes, security and permissions.  • Configured software and deployed work stations and peripherals for 50 new users per quarter.  • Created custom windows 10 image for each department through Microsoft System Center.  • Lead windows 10 migration project.  • Managed IT inventory which includes computers, mobile devices and peripherals.  • Basic Vlan and WAP configurations using 2960 series switches and Cisco Meraki APs.  • Monitor and track alerts and malicious events through Cisco Firepower Management console.  • Detect, contain, mitigate and eradication of malicious threats from both client devices and servers. Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Information Technology Oral Roberts University Skills ACTIVE DIRECTORY (3 years), DHCP (3 years), DNS (3 years), LINUX (2 years), WINDOWS SERVER 2008 (3 years), Linux Administrator, Vmware, System Administrator, System Admin, Hyper-V (2 years), Cisco Switches and Router (2 years), HPE Switches (1 year), Ubiquiti Wireless access points (Less than 1 year), Office 365 Office Administration (2 years), Windows Server 2016 (1 year), Powershell (1 year), SCCM Certifications/Licenses CompTIA Security+ March 2018 to March 2021 CCNA Cyber Ops February 2018 to February 2021 CCENT November 2018 to November 2021 Additional Information COMPUTER C OMPETENCIES    • Microsoft Exchange administration  Create and manage user email accounts  • Virtualization  Create virtual environments using VMware and HyperV for patch management, application  packaging and test environments.  • Windows Server 2008, 2012, 2016 Administration  Create and maintain active directory services, set up and troubleshoot DNS and DHCP based on the  requirements of the environment.  • Linux OS  Intermediate knowledge of Linux OS including CLI for ease of administration, vulnerability scanning  tools, log analysis and correlation tools.