Application Coordinator Application Coordinator Sandston, VA To find work with a forward moving company, with integrity in meeting customer/patient and employee needs. I am willing to work remote, travel infrequently, and shift work if job requires it. Work Experience Application Coordinator Bon Secours Mercy Health July 2010 to July 2019 HR: 804-289-7486  All work with Bon Secours Mercy Health included building and supporting their Electronic Health Record which is on the EPIC software. I was on 3 teams in my 9 years with the company and they are:  • Ambulatory Build Team: Assist in department build, work lab error work queues, build of place of service, and match to providers and resources mainly in place and used for referrals.  • Professional Build Team: Participated in DBVs for professional offices owned by Bon Secours Mercy Health. Worked with AMB team to get department records built, along with provider/resource schedules. Build visit types based on the needs of the particular office.  • Cadence Build Team: Built schedules for outpatient departments, building of visit types based on the outpatient departments and their requirements. IT Security Analyst Virginia Dept of Social Services - Richmond, VA 2006 to 2010 Answer call from users having issues with their software, walk them through fixes, or diagnose the issue as hardware issue and dispatch tickets to the IT department to go and fix the issue.  • Information security: Receive requests from manager to set up users to 1 or all of our 51 different systems. Troubleshoot security issues and reset passwords. Go on yearly visits to different regions in the state to meet. treat and work with the local security officers Project Analyst National Data Corp 2004 to 2006 Working with other team members to problem solve and assist in the implementation of the project plan for coordination of building of a new billing center for Chippenham, Johnston Willis and 3 other facilities. Once the build was complete we coordinated with decorating of the new office, I worked with IT in how many network and phone drops we would need on each floor. Moving users into the new building and inventorying supplies from the old buildings for sale or as surplus. Production Control Specialist National Data Corp - Richmond, VA 2002 to 2006 HR: 800-334-8534  • Production Control: Monitored electronically billed insurance claims from hospitals to ensure files went out to insurance provider. Monitoring responses back from insurance providers and dividing those files and ensuring they are delivered to the correct providers. Skills Microsoft products from DOS to current Version of Windows, Unix, 51 software modules with the state that I provided support and user access to. Support Software such as magic, Symphony. Electronic billing software including but not limited to Allscripts, EPIC, NDC (6 years) Additional Information My strengths include, but are not limited to, a strong aptitude for software, being a strong problem solver, self-starter, fast learner, strong team member.