Sr Security Analyst Sr <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Sr Security Analyst Pekin, IL Gary Kiser is an experienced senior IT Security professional with over 24 years of in-depth experience in diagnostics, testing, and support for IT Security infrastructure technologies. Gary maintains a strong background with many IT security technologies, while always researching and developing the best possible solutions for implementation, support and training.  Gary's wealth of experience, detailed organized approach, training and guidance has supported security infrastructure security components to provide testing, risk assessments, diagnostics, and remediation recommendations to assure continued security and stability. Gary is also very adept at creating and providing ongoing training and leadership experience to team members and business partners specific to Information Security Policy, standards, processes and procedures. Gary is also familiar with several project methodologies, providing planning and guidance throughout efforts. Work Experience Sr Security Analyst TEKsystems January 2016 to June 2019 Contracted to build out test support and train world wide web application firewall infrastructures supporting over 500 Caterpillar web applications.  ? Citrix Netscaler (on premise), then buildout and oversight for Azure and WAS cloud web application firewalls.  ? Over the last 4 and a half years built out, maintain and support a worldwide NetScaler web application firewall infrastructure, exclusively within the area's largest tractor manufacturer. This covered some 30 network domains, 500 web applications throughout the US, China, Africa, and the Middle East.  ? Worked with business-critical web applications.  ? Installed and configured Citrix NetScaler Application Firewall sensitive to the behavior of protected web applications.  ? Reviewed and analyzed daily Citrix NetScaler Application Firewall logs, relaxing and/or creating rules as deemed appropriate.  ? Imported and tested Citrix NetScaler Application Firewall policies into Microsoft Azure.  ? Integrated Citrix NetScaler Application Firewall logs with HP ArcSight data.  ? Sustained acceptable levels of support for Citrix NetScaler Application Firewall operation in collaboration with the Network Services team.  ? Worked in collaboration with the Border Protection team to onboard protected web applications.  ? Executed Citrix NetScaler Application Firewall reporting strategy.  ? Provided testing guidance, configuration guidance, backup and support for DAST and SAST programs such as Qualys, WIE, Fortify. Security Analyst - Security Infrastructure Support TEK Systems - State Farm Insurance Company 2006 to December 2015 - Testing  ? IT services contracted to State Farm Insurance Company as a founding component member of Security Testing Services  ? A senior team lead for a well-organized, very experienced security infrastructure test team, providing formal project testing and implementing IT security infrastructure products for the area's largest insurance company. The team owned and managed DAST and SAST test cases for a large number of security products.  ? Security Testing Services is a dedicated test team assigned to manage testing and diagnostic services exclusively for installation and upgrades of security related technologies applications and services.  ? Technologies include a vast array of local and hosted solutions for Intranet and Internet security, Access management, Identity management, Network, and Email Virus and Malware protection, Intrusion prevention, Data loss Prevention, Cyber security, data encryption and data storage.  ? Duties included a strong risk based, analysis, development, education, practice and implementation of security standards, procedures and processes thru providing all aspects of security testing and analysis services for security related applications.  ? Historically, provided a great deal of input and support during the creation of various Test tools used by Large Insurance Company for managing test cases, defects, risks and issues as well as status tools such as within SharePoint.  ? As a part of the test team I was instrumental in building and maintaining a large test ware repository containing historical test information then shared and reused by future efforts and service components.  ? Roles assumed within efforts included technical analyst- test, technical analyst- business, technical analyst- environment, providing assistance to project members for setup and configurations of test environments and test resources (hardware, software)  ? Being very familiar with most all of the clients Test, Change and Compliance standards I am often requested to assist projects in crafting the requirements, Risk assessments, Security design, Performance design and Implementation design based upon the success of many previous efforts including thru enterprise release management.  ? Security testing team lead, working within State Farm Insurance Company; leading a professional test team dedicated to providing professional testing and implementations for new and upgraded security products. Specialist in detailed analysis, diagnostics, and testing of both, Clients developed, and vendor provided security applications to assure compliance with the Clients Information Security Policy and standards.  ? Additional duties provided detailed testing, results analysis and recommendations by executing vulnerability assessment scanning for all Clients web applications and web services, using specialty scanning software to scan all B2C and B2E applications prior to release. My team was instrumental in and implementing and configuring the current scanning software.  ? Most recent support was to provide 12 years experience of Citrix Netscaler web application firewall infrastructure builds support and guidance. IT/ IS Systems Administrator MH Logistics Corporation 1996 to 2005 Responsibilities included overseeing all IT related functions across seven states, 26 cities, 400+ workstations.  ? Responsible for budgets, negotiation of contracts, licenses, and all purchases related to networking, computers, printers, telephones, audio, and video.  ? Provided technical training and supervision of IT personnel.  ? Maintained network trouble ticket systems and outage alert software and perform reporting on issues for future reference.  ? Maintain workstation and server management systems over multiple state systems  ? Diagnosis and repair of all network hardware and software, computers, routers, hubs, switches, servers, backup drives, etc.  ? Research, test and implementation of new program ideas and business products.  ? Organization and inventory of all equipment, software, licenses.    Research, Development and Testing  ? Communicate with department managers, group managers, project managers to understand, outline, document and develop project goals, costs, implementation goals, target install dates, test dates, test scenarios. ie: data line, router installs, server installs, program installs as in SMTP mail servers, application servers, firewall servers, antivirus servers, SQL servers, VPN servers, HTTP servers  ? Outline and document install and test scenarios, follow outline testing recording all results, anomalies, failures, fixes  ? Summarize and document results in report formats and report findings to all project parties.  ? Research new network infrastructure technologies  ? Set up and test technologies for bandwidth use, security, compatibility, cost  ? Test network performance using SNMP products as well as standard "ping" scenarios  ? Set up test database server access, bandwidth use, security such as SQL and Access databases to be used in shared business data storage. Monitor for network load and security.  ? Set up test internet access points and monitor bandwidth use, security, firewall settings and programs.  ? Set up and test VPN access points for bandwidth use, security  ? Test various applications via HTTP and VPN for performance and bandwidth use from remote sites behind firewall access.  ? Set up and test applications such as ADP payroll, ADP human resource programs (401K, Vacation, Sick time, ect) using Citrix server access and test security and performance capabilities  ? Set up and test various firewall scenarios, internet access point scenarios using programs such as Netmon, Redhat Linux Apache server, Ethereal, Symantec security Check, Fluke Networks and many other open source products and licensed applications.  ? Set up and tested Antivirus programs such as Norton Corporate, McAfee, Symantec, as well as various other antivirus, malware, spyware, programs windows based and Linux based  ? Tested dozens of antivirus, firewall, security, programs set to run under Windows server and desktop, Linux.    Networking  ? Installation testing, and maintenance of network servers (PDC,BDC)  ? Installing configuration of all hardware, hard drives (i.e.: SCSI, IDE, ITA) memory (ram) backup drives, etc.  ? Installation and maintenance of all network routers (Cisco, Eastern Research, Nortel), firewalls (WatchGuard Firewall), switches (managed and unmanaged) Hubs.  ? Installation, configuration and maintenance of Remote Access (RAS) and wireless routers  ? Installing all server software, (i.e.: Windows NT Server, 2000 Server, Enterprise server) setting up domains, security, groups, users, trusts, applications. Maintain storage limits and user security  ? Installation setup and maintenance of frame relay, TCP/IP networks, DHCP servers and related setup and hardware  ? Installation and maintenance of internet and intranets, monitor network use and activity for bottlenecks and abuse and security issues.  ? Installation of web based applications such as Websites, Citrix applications such as ADP payroll, e-commerce    Email  ? Installation configuration and maintenance of Microsoft Exchange email servers, installation and setup of Exchange 5.5, 2000, 2003 SMTP, POP, IMAP  ? Configuring adding/removing licensing, domains, groups, permissions, users, addresses, mailbox limits, hours available limits, security levels and optimum performance settings using windows server 2000, NT, Active directory  ? Troubleshoot and resolve all email connectivity problems with outlook, outlook express, POP3, IMAP Exchange and outlook web access (OWA)  ? Set up and maintenance of Internet Information Services (IIS) to support internet e-mail  ? Set up and maintenance of active directory to support internet e-mail domain  ? Monitor mail activity and storage, problem determination and repairs. Directory and Information store maintenance, mail synchronization, public and private folder access, PDA access setup and training.  ? Email backup and disaster recovery strategy and implementation using Veritas Backup Exec, XMERGE, Ontrack software as well as diagnostic tools by Microsoft  ? Installation and maintenance of Microsoft Outlook, set up and validation of user accounts, custom user settings and end user training on Outlook functions and features  ? Installation and maintenance of remote access (Outlook Web Access) and VPN access to mailboxes OWA training  ? Install and maintain antivirus, and spam filters on Exchange servers    Desktop / Server  ? Install, configure, diagnose and repair hardware and software problems for Intel desktop and laptop PCs, printers and other peripheral equipment  ? Install, configure and troubleshoot Windows desktop and Windows server operating systems (2003, 2000. XP, NT, ME, 98 Unix and Linux) workstations, printers and related hardware and software  ? Installation and maintenance of data backup hardware and backup strategies (on/off site tape backups)  ? Installation and maintenance of antivirus servers, programs, spam filters, network monitoring servers and programs (Linux based) as in programs like Watchguard firewall server.  ? Install, maintain and monitor network traffic monitoring server (netmon) for abuse, bottlenecks, and performance issues. (Linux based)  ? Monitor all network traffic bandwidth use, inbound and outbound IP traffic  ? Installation and maintenance of EDI commerce and credit card applications  ? Installation and maintenance of Citrix applications for end user access  ? Maintaining and installation of Linux firewall applications  ? Supervise vendor supplied installations (cabling, racking, electrical)  ? Responsible for end user networking and new application training  ? Provide customer/vendor IT support when required for business  ? Responsibilities also included providing additional PC helpdesk support for end-users  ? Maintaining telecommunication systems  ? Installation, configuration, maintenance and updating an RS600 AIX (UNIX based) mainframe core business server. Testing new applications. End user program training  ? Working with and testing new applications for manufacture (Hyster Co.) and Unix vendor (DIS/NDS) RS6000 applications  ? Researching and testing new technologies related to improving network performance, security  ? Installing and maintaining networking systems Education None Skills Active Directory, Cisco, HTML, SQL, Security, testing, training, access Certifications/Licenses Citrix Netscaler WAF manager July 2007 to Present Certified and have recertified management of Citrix Netscaler Security Services Symantec July 2012 to Present Certified for Symantec Endpoint Protection and Symantec data loss prevention Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer (MCSE) January 2004 to Present Older certifications for Microsoft such as Server manager, Microsoft exchange