Server Server Tampa, FL Work Experience Server Bulla Gastrobar - Tampa, FL September 2017 to Present Server  * Assisted guests with making menu choices in an informative and helpful fashion.  * Appropriately suggested additional items to customers to increase restaurant sales.  * Effectively communicated with kitchen staff regarding customer allergies, dietary needs, and other special requests.  * Regularly checked on guests to ensure satisfaction with each food course and beverages.  * Consistently adhered to quality expectations and standards.  * Routinely cleaned table linens, table settings, glassware, windowsills, carpets, counters, floors, stage areas, and service refrigerators. Server CARNE CHOPHOUSE - Ybor City, FL February 2015 to September 2017 YBOR CITY, FL  Server  * Assisted guests with making menu choices in an informative and helpful fashion.  * Appropriately suggested additional items to customers to increase restaurant sales.  * Effectively communicated with kitchen staff regarding customer allergies, dietary needs, and other special requests.  * Regularly checked on guests to ensure satisfaction with each food course and beverages.  * Consistently adhered to quality expectations and standards.  * Routinely cleaned table linens, table settings, glassware, windowsills, carpets, counters, floors, stage areas, and service refrigerators. Server/Assistant GM/ IT Director CEVICHE TAPAS RESTAURANT May 2005 to June 2012 * Train New waiters and Floor Staff on guest service expectations, safety procedures, proper food handling, and restaurant protocols.  * Monitor Dining Room to ensure optimal guest experience.  * Accurately recorded orders and partnered with team members to serv food and beverages that exceeded guests expectations.  * Skilfully Anticipated and addressed guest Service needs.  * Regularly updated and maintained POS systems as well as corporate network. Created an stardandized Database accross several stores, created controls to mantain the integrity of the Database.  * Consult on all their corporate IT needs. Installed and configured the company wide network, from PC's to VoIP systems. IT Security Analyst CHASE MANHATTAN BANK CORPORATION - Tampa, FL April 2002 to May 2005 Education AA in Education Data Communications Saint Petersburg College Skills ADP (Less than 1 year), AIX (Less than 1 year), BayNetworks (Less than 1 year), Cisco (Less than 1 year), DHCP (Less than 1 year), Server Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS    Operating Systems Windows 7, Windows Server [ ] Windows XP, 2000, NT, Windows 95/98, Solaris 2.6 and 7, AIX (RS6000), Redhat Linux, Windows 3.x, PC DOS, MS-DOS    Applications Exchange Server, MS Office 2000/XP, PC Anywhere, Visio, Corel Office, Lotus Office  suite, MS Project, Aces, Jonas System, ADP Reportsmith, Laplink, Oracle for Linux, Samba, Monarch.    Hardware Dell Servers and Desktops, Compaq Proliant Series Server, Compaq Deskpro and Prolinia Series Desktop Series PCs, Gateway E Series Workstations and Servers, Many varieties of IBM clone PCs, Some Dell and Compaq Laptops, Cisco Routers, PIX, ASA, LocalDirector and Switches, BayNetworks Hubs and Switches, Nortel Key Systems and some PBXs, Lucent Key Systems (Legends). StorageTek Silos, Sun 450, 4500, and UltraSparc Workstations [ ] IBM RS600    Networking TCP/IP, DNS, DHCP