Freelance IT Contractor Freelance <span class="hl">IT</span> Contractor Freelance IT Contractor - Central PA Harrisburg, PA Work Experience Freelance IT Contractor Central PA March 2008 to Present Troubleshoot and repair computers in person and via remote for user  ? Provide technical advice on hardware and software  ? Provide technical support on windows and mac computers, IPad and windows (Apple) related systems  ? Independent System consultant for private businesses  ? 4 years of graphic/ animated design  ? Ecommerce site development and programming for clients  ? Website builder (https://koffisuitsbusiness.com) and more  ? Building while learning new programming language  ? And more IT consultant (Engineer) ACCLAIM SYSTEMS - Harrisburg, PA June 2018 to July 2019 Providing support advice and troubleshooting to the entire PA community through support and more by utilizing services like:    • Service - Now ticketing system    • Ring central, Redsky E911 anywhere, Polycom, NextUSA (RMA) And more    • Microsoft Office 365, Skype for business (Self trained) IT Analyst MID PENN BANK May 2017 to August 2017 1. Performs processes to support backend user onboarding, employee moves, changes, and departures. Provides status updates and reports completion of the process.    2. Assists in answering, evaluating, and prioritizing incoming telephone, voice mail, and e- mail requests from users regarding hardware, software, printing, network connectivity, and other IT issues.    3. Cooperates with IT Team to implement solutions for new procedures.    4. Coordinates with various service providers to resolve issues.    5. Performs resolution of level 1 and 2 incidents regarding local and wide area networks  and phone voice/mail systems; routes and monitors service requests to appropriate IT  team members when level-one resolution is not possible.    6. Coordinates specific work tasks with other personnel within the department as well as with other  departments in order to ensure the smooth and efficient flow of information.    7. Working with Dell KACE ticketing system  8. Director client system  9. Web director  10. Fiserv/Navigator    11. Manages, maintains, and supports various application infrastructures, and the hardware that is used by them.    12. Supports network service and server configuration.  13. Server security    14. Working on servers, and more    Equipment/Machines programs and tools used when performing tasks    Automobile, Telephone, Mobile devices, PC/Computer keyboard, Printer, Html5, Css3, PHP, Calculator, Fax machine, Copy machine, Various computer networking equipment, VMware; (Virtual Servers), audio visual home theater, Automated teller machine (ATM), CCTV/ alarm system, copier, Desktop/ Laptop, Fiber cabling, Kiosk, Low voltage cabling, Networking, point of sale(POS), printers, Pro A/V, digital signage, Server( Hardware/Software), Structured Cabling, Telecom/ VOIP and many more    Special skills acquired:  • Customer service, (Talking to people and customers other the phone and in person for all technical and non-technical needs)    • Training, (Training a group of people and making sure that they are well trained)  Team player, Self-motivated, Avid learner, always willing to learn something different, people friendly, and more    Work and experiences gained through my IT work  6 years of Experience providing Service Desk support including: password resets, usability issues, troubleshooting complex business issues and escalating bugs    4 years of Experience performing User Acceptance Testing (UAT) including test case creation, execution and defect management.    4 years of Experience gathering meeting state and federal regulations, data collection, reporting and system usability    10 years of Strong communication skills; both written and spoken with customer, clients, service providers and officials    8 years of Experience with Service Now or other IT Service Management toolset in different IT work    4 years of Experience with SSRS or other reporting systems.    Applying the ITIL methodology to improve efficiency, meet different needs and other business needs    One source/ Geisinger Hospitals / Holy Spirits IT System Analyst Geisinger Holy Spirit Hospital September 2016 to January 2017 Provides computer support to end users and seeks to make improvements through process improvement and quality assurance initiatives.  ? Provides new and ongoing clinical systems training and assesses current level of knowledge of new users, working with department management to provide additional clinical system education.  ? Reviews, tests and implements system enhancements and upgrades.  ? Provides daily support of the application through review of clinical reports, audits, downtime procedures, and troubleshooting.  ? Maintains communications with hospital staff as it pertains to the electronic health records  ? Epic (new and improved medical system)  ? Trained new teams members on their future roles in the organization  ? Medical Optime System (OR) From the EPIC System  ? Medical ASAP System (ED) From the Epic System  ? Trained Providers, Nurses and Staff members on new medical EPIC system  ? Took medical minutes, Work on Sharepoint System, Planview System  ? Preference Card builder for providers, Procedure Logs (thinlog)  ? Instrument builder (within Epic System)  ? Backend system work per provider requirement, Medical laws, system capacity and more System Administrator Adjoin/ IT system Security Administrator Hoover Rehabilitation - Mechanicsburg, PA December 2014 to May 2016 French to English, English to French (translator)  ? Help desk, server maintenance and backup, system analyst work on CISCO router  ? Troubleshoot network connectivity issues and software issues  ? Upgrading hardware  ? Contact third party manufacturers as necessary  ? Desktop, Laptop, IPad, Mac system troubleshooting, Computer repair, reimaging  ? worked with windows XP and windows 7  ? Active directory policies, GPO (Group Policy object)  ? CItric Receiver, Antivirus, Antispyware, Antimalware (installation, configuration, and troubleshooting)  ? Remote desktop, System Encryption, Break/Fix, Reimaging, Printer support, Replacing devices  ? Troubleshooting, Deployment of new desktops computers, laptops and printers  ? Active directory  ? Window server 2008, 2012  ? Data backup  ? Cisco Meraki for large enterprise security audit  ? And many more IT system Technician Robert Half - Carlisle, PA September 2014 to September 2014 Special project at Lancaster Schools - removed old computers and replaced with new  ? Reconfigured new computers with new user info and network systems  ? Installed new systems at the schools  ? Configured security on installed computers  ? Created new users and performed some other works on systems Warehouse Associate Exel - Palmyra, PA March 2008 to April 2014 • Safety committee member  • Safety supervisor  • Performed various warehouse functions as assigned, including inventory  • Worked on special projects including quality assurance  • Out-Bound/ inbound operator (Dock operator)  • Forklift Operator (Standing and seating)  • QA  • Inventory  • Cycle counting (Inventory) Apple Computer Project Technician Shenker - Carlisle, PA February 2014 to February 2014 Troubleshoot returned Apple products and repair most of them (if possible) or replaced damaged goods  ? Following process of replacement or exchange of product, if the warranty still covers it  ? Provided new product or equipment if warranty does cover it    Hamilton Health Center (Internship)    • Medical Health Record Keeper April to July 2010  • Provide customer service to patients and organization when needed  • Review patient medical record to make sure that it is accurate, and follow up with the patient to obtain the missing information  • Entering data in Hospital billing software  • Managing accounts payments and invoices by making sure that the information is accurate  • Audit and approve or denied claims  • Submit medical claims to insurance companies in a timely manner  • File documents  • Create medical charts  • Work with the administration Education Associate in Specialized Technology in Computer Networking Systems ITT Technical Institute - Harrisburg, PA September 2013