Scrum Master Scrum Master Scrum Master - Symantec Corporation Greensboro, NC • A Proactive and goal-oriented Professional Scrum Master with six (6) years IT experience and five (5) years plus experience as a Scrum Master during which I coached team members on Agile practices, principles and also facilitated scrum ceremonies.  • A highly motivated servant leader, adaptable & versatile self-starter with a reputation for integrity and accustomed to supporting & managing multi-functional teams.  • Successfully managed development teams transitioning from waterfall to Agile methodology.  • Strong understanding of Database technology, IT Security, Network Infrastructure, Cloud computing, Software/App development and implementation. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Scrum Master Symantec Corporation January 2015 to July 2019 • Facilitate Scrum ceremonies (Daily Stand Ups, Backlog Tech Grooming, Business Grooming, Sprint Review, Retrospective and Planning sessions, Release planning sessions).  • Protect development team from outside distractions, impediments or team conflicts, and maintain focus on product backlog and project timeline.  • Scrum of Scrums was conducted to bring the Scrum Master and the key leads together.  • Coach the team to help them have better understanding of Scrum.  • Engaged and encouraged the team to speak up during the Sprint Retrospective sessions.  • Developed and maintained the Project Scrum tools, including story and action boards, charts, and product backlogs.  • Lead Scrum for multiple small web development teams in their independent sprints.  • Support development teams via a servant leadership style.  • Monitor project progress and resolve any impediments.  • Coach and mentor team members to elevate their individual and the team's scrum maturity.  • Work closely with Product Owner.  • Created Agile Process Reference and JIRA guides to assist with my coaching of Agile teams.  • Created JIRA dashboards to provide project visibility.  • Educate and reinforce scrum methodology and agile framework to team members.  • Ability to keep the team accountable to both deliverables and process.  • Train teams in Agile Development including the use of Project Management tools like JIRA and Confluence.  • Improving communication between development teams and Collaborate with stakeholders to increase the team's velocity by adopting the lessons learned from each retrospective.  • Helped the SAFe Agile transformation at both team and Program level for the successful execution to support the delivery of strategic technology products.  • Serve as a liaison between the product owners and development team to ensure that all targets and requirements are met.  • Experienced in all phases of the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC). Scrum Master CVS Health January 2014 to December 2014 • Coaches and serves as a servant leader for the Mobile Development team and the Application development team to deliver software increments to the Definition of Done.  • Identified and removed impediments to members of the Agile/Scrum teams.  • Scheduled and facilitated Agile Scrum ceremonies including, backlog grooming, sprint planning, daily standup, review/demo and retrospective sessions.  • Created Agile Process Reference and JIRA guides to assist with my coaching of Agile teams.  • Created JIRA dashboards to provide project visibility.  • Facilitated the product backlog grooming sessions with the scrum team to break epics into user stories through vertical slicing.  • Created a valid product strategy and developed an actionable road map to aid the development of the application.  • Provided Coaching, Scrum guidance and facilitation to cross functional teams developing Client facing Software applications.  • Coached development teams in self-organization and the Scrum process to deliver software increments to the Definition of Done.  • Promoted a culture of continuous improvement by mitigating team impediments and seeking productivity improvements with regular check points for improvement action items.  • Provide transparency to stakeholders through effective communication and reporting.  • Ensure quality, accuracy, and completeness of each sprint's result through vigorous verification procedures.  • Extensive Quality Assurance / Testing experience which are automated.  • Management and integration of remote team members into onsite processes.  • Worked with other agile teams in a SAFe environment to deliver on a dependent project. Scrum Master Ecolab June 2013 to December 2013 • Lead Scrum for multiple small web development teams in their independent sprints.  • Track and remove team's impediments, identify the true source of obstacle and demonstrate skills overcoming difficult obstacles impacting the team.  • Anticipate and prevent potential obstacles before they occur.  • Facilitate daily stand-up, sprint planning, sprint review/demo and retrospective meeting.  • Coach Team members on how to effectively use the scrum values as a guide.  • Partnering with product owner and ensures the team understands the objectives/goals and priorities of scope.  • Provide constant guidance to the teams, fostering the continued growth of the agile mindset.  • Encouraged self - organization, meaning that the team itself removes issues whenever possible.  • Act as a servant leader to the scrum team across the enablement.  • Introduce new and advanced practice to improve the team and their delivery. IT Project Coordinator Freud America May 2012 to May 2013 • Maintaining and monitoring project plans, project schedules, work hours, budgets and expenditures.  • Organizing, attending and participating in stakeholder meetings.  • Coordinating weekly status meeting with project team.  • Sending out meeting note and following up with action items.  • Preparing necessary presentation materials for meetings.  • Ensuring task deadlines are met.  • Create a project management calendar for fulfilling each goal and objective.  PROJECT LIST  • Windows Server Migration.  • PST migration.  • Hardware Rollout. IT Security Analyst Fasyl Technology Group March 2008 to April 2012 • Active Directory Administration.  • Firewall Administration.  • Develop and maintain installation and configuration procedures.  • Apply OS patches and upgrades on a regular basis.  • Configure and support security tools such as Firewalls, Anti-virus software, Unified Threat Management (UTM), Vulnerability and Patch management software (GFI LanGuard), Fortinet Administration and support.  • Office 365 and Google Apps Administration.  • Offering pre-sales support to sales reps and agents (Hardware and Software upgrades).  • Perform daily system monitoring, verifying the integrity and availability of all hardware, server resources, systems and key processes, reviewing system and application logs.  • Installation and support of SAGE ERP server.  • Implementation of Enterprise Fraud Management (EFM) Solutions for Banks. IT Instructor ( IT Security) NIIT January 2007 to February 2008 • Create lesson plans and teach those plans to the entire class.  • Track student progress.  • Stimulating learning environment.  • Lab setup for students.  • Test center technical support. Education Bachelor's Skills Jira (5 years), Rally (2 years), Ms office (10+ years), Kanban (3 years), Scrum (5 years), Agile Scrum (5 years), Scrum Master (5 years), Certified Scrum Master, CSM Certifications/Licenses Professional Scrum Master (PSM) Present ITIL March 2012 to Present