IT Security Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Security Analyst - NxStage Medical, MA Worcester, MA Work Experience IT Security Analyst NxStage Medical, MA August 2017 to Present • Perform Vendor security risk assessments for business units and making sure our vendors have appropriate controls to protect our data  • Perform risk assessment on information assets including: information systems, biomedical systems, clinics, vendors and data centers.  • Conduct risk and security assessments and supported business units in performing security assessment on critical systems. Evaluates results with system owners and custodians.  • Provide information security consulting on a variety of technologies and processes.  • Work with clinical, academic, and administrative groups to develop security solutions with minimum supervision.  • Assess security control, test plans and conduct in-depth security assessments of information systems that evaluate compliance of administrative, physical, technical, organizational and policy safeguards in order to maintain HIPAA compliance base on Office of Civil Right (OCR) protocol, NIST SP 800-66 Rev1 and security controls (NIST SP 800-53rev 4).  • Conduct IT controls risk assessments that included reviewing organizational policies, standards, procedures and guidelines.  • Audit of major applications within health systems and assessing control gaps.  • Develop HIPAA compliance reports, documenting auditing findings and development of corrective actions plans.  • Create Remediation Plans with regards to the results of the HIPAA Security Assessment.  • Interact extensively with external and internal clients to better understand security issues for scoping, resolution etc. Information Assurance Analyst Enaxis Consulting LLC (USPS), Virginia June 2015 to July 2017 Risk Management/Resolution/ Security Awareness    • Conducted kickoff meeting with stakeholders to gather system information and to categorize the information system Confidentiality, Integrity and Availability risk impact levels into Low, Moderate and High using the (CIA) referencing FIPS-199 and NIST 800-60.  • Assisted System Owner in preparing Certification and Accreditation (C&A) package for IT system, making sure that management, operational and technical security controls adhere to a formal and well-established security requirement authorized by NIST SP 800-53 R4.  • Developed the following Security Assessment and Authorization (SA&A) artifacts; System Security Plan (SSP), Security Assessment Report (SAR), Plan of Action and Milestones (POAMs), Privacy Threshold Analysis (PTA), Privacy Impact Analysis (PIA), E-Authentication, Contingency Plan.  • Initiate, coordinate and track the patching and remediation of security weaknesses as they are documented in the Plan of Actions and Milestones (POA&M) using CSAM GRC tool.  • Performed risk assessment and initial gap analysis between system requirement and FEDRAMP cloud service providers (CSP) package.  • Examined Nessus vulnerability scan reports of systems on the network, which identifies security vulnerabilities, risks, and remediation needs in support of FISMA continuous monitoring program.  • Assisted in the development of key security standards and guidelines by performing an in-depth security assessment using frameworks like HIPAA, PCI DSS, and ISO 27001 and vendor risk assessment.  • During the continuous monitoring step, apply all changes deemed necessary to the following Security Assessment and Authorization (SA&A) artifacts; SSP, FIPS 199, Contingency Plan, Plan of Action and Milestones (POAMs) etc.  • Coordinated with InfoSec team to monitor post-authorization of all Technical security controls (IA, SC, AU and AC controls) to ensure continuous compliance with the security requirements. STAFF ACCOUNTANT American Society of Naval Engineers (ASNE) - Alexandria, VA April 2006 to May 2015 • Assisted with monthly balance sheet reconciliations and provides analysis to support an audit  • Process full cycle payroll using time management and accounting software; collection of time sheet records and related payroll deductibles and reviewing department and costing information for accuracy  • Maintained employee payroll records including wage, tax, and other important personnel information for accurate payroll processing  • Generated month end reports used to reconcile and analyse operating results  • Prepared reports from the general ledger system, using Microsoft Office Suite Excel or ACCPA  • Pre-audited and coded payments to Vendors  • Prepare and review of entries to post to general ledger  • Reconciled Vendor accounts to general ledger  • Post Project expenses journals into ACCPAC  • Post Members online credit card payment from Clear Advantage into ACCPAC  • Assisted in the preparation of Audit Schedules for year-end audit    Technical Tools  Risk Management Governance, Risk and Compliance (GRC)  Vulnerability Assessment Tool Nessus Scan  Operating Systems Windows Operating Systems and Microsoft Server  Microsoft Suite Word, Excel and PowerPoint Skills Hipaa, Nist, Security, Fisma, Incident response, Life cycle, Sdlc, Configuration management, Systems development, Sps, Risk assessment, Risk management, Excel, Powerpoint, Word, Security policies, Sar Additional Information Summary of Skills    * Knowledge of and experience with federal security policies, standards, and guidelines including NIST 800 SPs such as 800-37, 800-53/53A rev 4, FIPS 199/200, FISMA, HIPAA, & FedRAMP.  * Working knowledge of Risk Assessment, Risk Management Framework (RMF), Systems Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and Security Assessment and Authorization process (SA&A).  * Experience in the development of ATO package documents such as SSPs, SARs, POA&Ms, Contingency Plans, Incident Response Plans, PIA and Configuration Management Plans.  * Proficient in explaining technical information, resolutions, documentations, and presentations to clients and non-technical personnel at all levels of the organization or enterprise.  * Basic knowledge in cloud computing. How to develop, assess, evaluate and review cloud based information systems and artifacts through FEDRAMP, such as: SSP, SAR, POA&M etc.