IT Security Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Security Analyst - Mercy Medical Center Owings Mills, MD Work Experience IT Security Analyst Mercy Medical Center December 2014 to Present Assist with designing the IT environment to conform to relevant industry standards, such as HIPAA, NIST, FIPS, and other related state requirements  ? Conducted security assessment using the HITRUST CSF standards to support client's HITRUST certification.  ? Demonstrated proven success that emphasized a thorough knowledge of technical aspects of IT Risk Management and Information Security.  ? Demonstrated technical and operational Information Security, industry practices relating to the areas of Information Security, assisting healthcare organizations with the assessment and improvement of their security posture.  ? Performed IT Risk & Security assessments across a broad range of technologies, leveraging technical and operational knowledge of Information Security best practices and industry standards to define the security controls and processes that are appropriate for the client.  ? Coordinate security incident response, test and maintain the integrity of Mercy's security monitoring systems; and report on information systems security status, standards compliance and deficiencies  ? Conducted security audit by Interfacing in a professional manner with clients during projects.  ? Actively participated as a team member in the execution of Information Security projects. Information Security Auditor The Arthur Group April 2011 to December 2014 Developed Plan of Action and Milestones (POA&M) for identified vulnerabilities and ensured compliance through monthly updates  ? Set up POA&M ATO follow up pre-brief meetings with the System Owner, ISSO and other key stakeholders for each system with open POA&Ms prior to the official follow-up briefs and as directed by the Client  ? Reviewed security artifacts, evidence, findings, POA&Ms, Contingency Plans, Disaster Recovery Plans, Risk Based Decision Memoranda and all other required VA compliance documentation in an oversight (auditing) role  ? Performed FISMA audit reviews to maintain an on-going Authorization to Operate (ATO) of the system  ? Tracked and coordinated all ongoing and planned RMF initiatives and activities, using Agiliance Risk Vision/Open GRC tool and other COTS applications used to manage, assess, and track POA&Ms  ? Updated IT security policies, procedures, and guidelines according to departments and federal requirements. Compliance Analyst CACI Inc November 2009 to March 2011 Participated in continuous monitoring that includes but not limited to POA&M management, waiver & Exception support and periodic recertification in accordance to NIST SP 800-137  ? Tracked all POA&Ms deadlines and provide POA&M status report to ISD on a weekly basis  ? Ensured security policies, procedures and recommendations complied with FISMA, NIST, Organizational guidelines and technical best practices  ? Provided support for the organization's risk management, policy, and technical governance processes to facilitate compliance with applicable laws and regulations  ? Initiated compliance and vulnerability scan request to identify and report weaknesses and potential security breaches Junior Security Analyst TekSynap February 2009 to November 2009 Monitored events and alerts generated by information security controls, monitoring systems, end-point protection solutions, asset management tools to satisfy regulatory compliance requirements.  ? Performed vulnerability checks and mitigations on desktop computers  ? Identified, responded and escalated information security events as appropriate  ? Applied FISMA solutions to physical and virtual assets  ? Contributed to the development of information security requirements to assure the computing assets are protected and satisfy compliance requirements  ? Generated and shared monitoring results with various operations and compliance teams Education Master of Business Administration in Information Systems Loyola University - Timonium, MD May 2020 Bachelor of Science Towson University - Towson, MD