IT Programmer / Project Management & Business Analyst, SrAssc <span class="hl">IT</span> Programmer / Project Management &amp; Business <span class="hl">Analyst</span>, SrAssc IT Programmer / Project Management & Business Analyst, SrAssc - State Street Corporations Boston, MA Clever individual who can overcome any obstacle with hard work, dignity, and patience. Happy to work independently but also highly value teamwork, feedback, and motivational memes. Work Experience IT Programmer / Project Management & Business Analyst, SrAssc State Street Corporations - Boston, MA October 2018 to Present Started at State Street as a contract employee where I was able to work my way up the ranks to be hired on as State Street employee. Through my time working here I have improved many of their procedures.  • Seamlessly manipulates data to create quality reports for stakeholders, developers, team members and upper management.  • Collaborate with appropriate teams to ensure accurate and comprehensive reporting of portfolio execution.  • Provide support for portfolio execution tracking and governance.  • Identify and validate risks to successful project and portfolio execution.  • Create companywide surveys to track the status of projects.  • Acts as Liaison, Data Analyst, and Community Manager for the Enterprise Demand Management, Global Demand, and GTS Collaborates SharePoint sites.  • Develops advance filtering tools within CA PPM/Clarity for efficient streamlining of reports. Information Security Administrator Allied Universal for State Street Corporate - Boston, MA June 2017 to October 2018 • Collaborated effectively with department supervisors to ensure timely completion of materials.  • Conducted access reviews for employment accounts.  • Compiled pertinent data regarding employee security.  • Communicated efficiently to increase speed and accuracy of information to multiple stakeholders.  • Design, create, and update company's internal SharePoint websites for employee knowledge and reference.  • Planned and facilitate meetings, trainings, and exercises.  • Communicated effectively with both internal and external parties for the organization.  • Maintained classified documents.  • 100%  An enrich drive towards reaching and problem solving.  • Strong knowledge and well-rounded analytical skills towards developing written processors for clear understanding for business/team uses. Education Information Technology Daniel Webster College - Nashua, NH September 2013 to May 2017 Cape Cod Regional Technical High School - Harwich, MA September 2009 to June 2013