Senior Information Risk Analyst Senior Information Risk <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Senior Information Risk Analyst Lake Worth, FL Work Experience Senior Information Risk Analyst The Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation - Tampa, FL April 2018 to June 2019 The Senior Information Risk Analyst is responsible for performing risk assessments of applications, infrastructure, business and technology vendors against a defined risk framework. These assessments are conducted either through a formalized risk assessment program or through other risk reporting activities (e.g., policy exceptions, risk acceptance, risk remediations, risk deviations). As the Senior Information Risk Analyst at DTCC I am responsible for driving the strategic risk assessment program across the organization and provide advice and guidance to business managers, Business Information Security Officers (BISOs), and information risk analysts. I assist and support the head of risk assessment with the development of strategic program elements.  ? Participated in and drive strategic information risk assessment process improvement  ? Developed infrastructure and IT Process assessments for use across the Client computing environment  ? Developed and manage the Information Security delivery of the Vendor Risk Assessment program  ? Scheduled and performed information risk assessments using Client methodology; identify, document and communicate control deficiencies in business processes and technology systems  ? Assisted Information Security Analysts with complex risk decisions and provide advice and guidance where required  ? Worked with the business and technology to agree cybersecurity risk findings identified through the risk assessment (e.g., vendor, application, infrastructure), new initiatives, and ad hoc processes  ? Provided risk remediation recommendations that the business and technology may implement to mitigate identified control gaps  ? Partnered with business and IT to ensure that risks are clearly articulated in a manner that is understood by business and technology audiences  ? Evaluated management responses to ensure that remediation plans and tasks adequately address identified control gaps  ? Performed peer reviews of assessments performed by Information Risk Analysts  ? Documented risk issues in the Client designated risk register  ? Assisted the business and technology groups through the Client process for policy exceptions and risk acceptance Enterprise Information Security Risk Analyst Spherion - Fort Lauderdale, FL 2009 to 2017 Disaster Recovery, and Business Continuity Planning  Worked across cross-functional groups of risk stakeholders to lead the planning and execution of security roadmaps and initiatives that delivered enterprise-wide stakeholders and operating companies. Oversee and execute enterprise threat detection and threat management capabilities, IT vendor security risk management program, and provide expertise and insight the organization's global Data Privacy and Information Security (DPIS) Community.  ? Performed threat and vulnerability management monitoring and assessment of capabilities and processes that span endpoint protection and data loss prevention (DLP) alert monitoring and risk mitigation, patch management, penetration testing, and application vulnerability scanning remediation planning.  ? Analyzed security-related incident tickets submitted by IT, business, and field stakeholders. Assisted with the execution of risk mitigation solutions, security incident response processes, and recurring incident response training exercises.  ? Oversaw risk and compliance management functions including audit reviews and assessments, the execution of the Information Security Risk Assessment Process, remediation planning, and the documentation and communication of lessons learned with business and IT stakeholders.  ? Leveraged an understanding of policies, control requirements, and risk mitigation safeguards to serve as customer-facing liaison and information security subject matter expert to IT functional teams, internal project teams, business stakeholders, and external partners.  ? Assisted with the planning and execution of the company's Security Waiver and Exception Process that ensured all authorized deviations from acceptable information protection practices are managed and tracked.  ? Led the planning and execution of all necessary tasks, plans, and processes relevant to enterprise risk and business operation security relevant to third-party vendor, supplier, and business partner services.  ? Contributed to the planning and execution of Business Continuity, Disaster Recovery, and other contingency planning activities. Responsibilities evolved into full task ownership and accountability for maturing Randstad's contingency planning capabilities. Senior Manager IT Security, Disaster Recovery, & Business Continuity Planning Broadspire Services, Inc - Atlanta, GA 2006 to 2009 Atlanta, GA & Plantation, FL 2006 - 2009  Senior Manager IT Security, Disaster Recovery, & Business Continuity Planning  Managed a staff of nine Security Professionals in the planning and execution of company policies and standards, business continuity plans, and organizational disaster recovery planning and testing. Provided administrative oversight and support for all daily operational activities.  ? Ensured compliance with all standards and procedures relating to program quality, security, infrastructure stability, and documentation.  ? Worked closely with decision-makers across all departments on the identification, recommendation, development, implementation, and support of cost-effective technology solutions. Senior Manager IT Security, Disaster Recovery, & Business Continuity Planning Broadspire Services, Inc - Long Grove, IL 1997 to 2006 Long Grove, IL & Plantation, FL 1997 - 2006  Senior Manager IT Security, Disaster Recovery, & Business Continuity Planning  Oversaw the creation, execution, and compliance of companywide security policies and procedures that included the management of security administration, assessments, and controls for Windows and UNIX systems, end-user awareness presentations, and providing employees with the security tools and guidance vital to maintaining compliance and security in all areas of the organization.  ? Managed network security using open source intrusion detection applications and appliances.  ? Oversaw the creation and maintenance of business continuity documentation and testing. Initiated and managed corporate pandemic policies and procedures.  ? Conducted speaking engagements at conferences. Educated educating staff on potential dangers and recovery best practices.  ? Negotiated business recovery contracts with IBM.  ? Worked closely with all department leaders and executives in preparation for and during hurricane season.    Career Note: Early career history includes roles as Server Engineering Supervisor for PetMedExpress and Technical Consultant for MicroAge Consulting Services. Education Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer Florida Atlantic University 1974 to 1977 Bachelor of Arts in Criminal Justice School of Psychology Skills Cyber Security, Information Security, Cybersecurity, Nist, It Security, Network Security Links http://linkedin.com/in/ricklegodais Additional Information * Extensive experience in the development, implementation, and monitoring of security processes and solutions, managing vulnerability and threat management programs and technologies, supporting risk assessments, penetration tests, web security and vulnerability assessments.  * Proven ability to deliver under pressure the identification and implementation of system security requirements, solutions, and improvements vital to ensuring enterprise-wide information security measures that protect computer systems, network devices, and data against risks and vulnerabilities.  * Leverage strong communication skills, technical acumen, and understanding of security regulations to communicate and deploy enterprise-wide IS guidelines to technical and non-technical audiences at all levels.  * Excels working throughout the enterprise to define and execute security strategy, perform IT risk assessments, develop and lead security awareness programs, and communicate IT and security best practices.