IT Infrastructure Engineer <span class="hl">IT</span> Infrastructure Engineer IT Infrastructure Engineer looking to relocate to CT Sterling Heights, MI Experienced information technology engineer with a demonstrated history of supporting information systems in the automotive industry with high level skills in networking, Linux/Windows administration, storage, and virtualization infrastructure.    Highly interested in IT systems automation, devops, and security regardless of industry. Work Experience IT Infrastructure Engineer Valeo North America Inc - Troy, MI February 2018 to Present Install, setup, manage, monitor and provide technical support for various IT systems in 20 sites in the  US:  ? Lenovo servers  ? Hyper-V environment  ? L2/L3 Cisco Switches (2960-X, 3750, 3850, 4507, 9200, 9300, 9500)  ? Fortinet Fortigate Firewalls (60D/E, 200D/E)  ? Veritas NetBackup  ? Other various Internal tools  ? Work with Site IS managers to implement and upgrade IT services  ? Develop timelines and action plans for tasks through projects  ? Working in a small team with 2 others  ? Increasing efficiency using Google G Suite and Powershell scripting  ? Working with helpdesk supplier as level 3/4 support to users around the country  ? Reporting on topics in monthly meetings with our IS teams  ? Participate in new/M&A site planning/integration  ? Debugging powershell scripts as part of pilot programs Site IS Manager / Security Officer Valeo North America Inc - Troy, MI January 2016 to January 2018 Supported IS and IT tasks and projects for 2 company locations (Auburn Hills and Troy Michigan) with  over 600 users in total  ? Worked with 2 helpdesk support personnel and providing Level 3 support  ? Acted as a liaison between end users, vendors and outsourced services  ? Worked with vendors to resolve billing issues  ? Managed the purchase and replacement of PCs for over 20 business units with different purchasing  requirements  ? Ensured the backup of data using NetBackup with periodic testing  ? Tested disaster recovery procedures for IS systems  ? Managed infrastructure equipment and services  ? Created user help portal to aid in end user self-support and reduce time to resolve issues  ? Increased efficiency and accuracy through scripting (user creation, export and update)  ? Created, followed, and reported budget for IS/ IT resources  ? Communicated and worked with top executives for region towards business goals IS Business Analyst Valeo North America Inc - Troy, MI March 2015 to January 2016 Supported 12 locations in US, MX and CA on logistic execution system (LES) based on Apriso Flexnet    ? Managed the transition of 10 locations from old LES system to new Apriso Flexnet based system  ? Implemented LES system on 2 newly opened sites  ? Designed specifications for improvements to Apriso Flexnet based system  ? Created custom views linking many tables in Oracle databases for ODBC interface with other  applications  ? Supported all US, MX, and CA locations in SAP MM and PP modules  ? Tested customization and evolution updates provided by corporate office (core team)  ? Provided level 2 support to key users (level 1) and interfaced with level 3 support when needed  ? Created monthly summary presentations for sites to reference new features and fixes Office Automation Analyst Valeo North America Inc - Troy, MI August 2011 to February 2015 Created BPM applications in Cordys Process Factory for Company US locations  ? Constant improvement of applications to meet company needs using SDLC  ? Technical support for issues with BPM platform  ? End user support and training for BPM applications  ? Technical documentation for end users and design specifications  ? Google Apps (now G Suite) support for US locations  ? Designed and programmed web applications using Google Apps based on Google spreadsheets,  Google Sites, and Google Apps Scripts  ? Automated repetitive tasks where possible using Google Apps Scripts  ? Manage the migration of many Lotus Notes databases from 5 company locations  ? To Google Sites using migration tool  ? To Centralized Lotus Notes archive server for read-only access. Modification of databases to be  viewable by internet browser instead of Lotus Notes client. IT Support Valeo North America Inc - Auburn Hills, MI October 2006 to July 2011 Provided help desk support to 120 people  ? Installed, configured and maintained Cisco switches and routers  ? Managed OUs, accounts, GPOs using Microsoft Active Directory on Windows 2003  ? Managed Windows Updates using Windows Server Update Services (WSUS)  ? Deployed desktops and laptops quickly using FOG and self created images  ? Created VB scripts for various needs including network drive mapping and software development  ? Setup new VMware environment with 10 virtual servers and many P2V conversions  ? Managed NetApp appliance using OnTap web and command line interfaces  ? Managed and performed data backup and restoration using NetBackup Education Bachelor's in Information Technology and Security Baker College of Auburn Hills - Auburn Hills, MI September 2003 to May 2007 Associate in Networking Technology Baker College of Auburn Hills - Auburn Hills, MI September 2003 to May 2005 Skills Active Directory, Vmware ESXi (10+ years), Group Policy (5 years), DHCP (8 years), Linux (5 years), Cisco (3 years), Firewalls (2 years), GSuite (8 years), Hyper-V (2 years), Vmware Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/reid-guyett Certifications/Licenses Fortnet NSE4 April 2019 to April 2021