Sr. IT Security Project Manager Sr. <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> Project Manager Sr. IT Security Project Manager - XpertVantage LLC Katy, TX Experienced Project Management professional with strong leadership and relationship-building skills. I never settle for incremental growth, but rather grow exponentially by embracing all opportunities to master new hardware and software, build vendor relationships, and participate in all life-cycles of IT infrastructure projects ranging from equipment readiness, PC migrations, network implementations, phone systems deployments, and firewall deployments from conception to completion. Initiative, tenacity, and quick communication have separated me from my peers and facilitated success for the initiatives I have been associated with. I am technically-savvy with outstanding relationship building, training and presentation skills. I have solid experience managing all levels of large scale projects, including team building and administration. I am meticulous and excellent at juggling multiple tasks. My exposure to the IT multi disciplines of the service desk, desktop support, executive support, network, and voice will provide an advantage, and my technical expertise will be an excellent investment. Work Experience Sr. IT Security Project Manager XpertVantage LLC - Houston, TX 2018 to Present Contracting to HCL and Entergy  • Project Management of Multi-Million Dollar Security Initiatives  • Managing release sizes greater than 100K hours with more than 30 cross-impacted applications that span across multiple IT towers  • Demonstrated ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously, executing against both individual projects as well as broader strategic initiatives  • Demonstrated understanding of system development life cycle, dynamics of software development programs, practices, and methods  • Extremely computer skills proficiency in Excel, Word, Outlook, and Access  • Proactively engages cross-functional teams to resolve issues and design solutions using critical thinking and analytical skills  • Plan and implement actions by the program/project team to define and implement technical baseline and meet quality requirements for project/program products and services.  • Defining and executing programs and security initiatives by tracking and monitoring key metrics adhere to milestones met on time and within budget guidelines  • Highly Effective communications management between vendors, staff, and clients  • Identify project trends  • Manage diverse team of technicians in DB administration, SQL, and Win Server(s), UNIX, and Linux Project Manager IT Infrastructure Service Corporation International - Houston, TX 2016 to 2018 • Managed team of 30 IT professionals including firewall team, project team, and infrastructure intern.  • Managed design and deployment of 25 active projects monthly for network upgrades and phone system upgrades.  • Reviewed 600 project proposals annually and resolved 1000 service tickets.  • Managed vendor relationships for VOIP, SIP, SD WAN, Cabling, POTS, Cloud, Networking, and Firewall deployments.  • Assisted various business groups with document organization and dissemination during projects.  • Designed and implemented current tracking system for projects and project proposals.  • Created and deployed Cisco training for 80 business sites in one year.  • Upgraded 2 Corporate offices to Call Manager with a 5000 strong user environment. Network Field and Voice Manager Service Corporation International - Houston, TX 2015 to 2016 • Managed 5 PC technician team for 3000 field sites for WinXP to Win 7 migration  • Created project budget surplus by upgrading memory in current PC assets rather than purchasing new PC equipment.  • Developed and implemented training of project technician team, shipping processes, equipment retirements, procurement procedures, and communication streams to all company remote field locations.  • Completed project 3 months ahead of project timeline.  • Managed project vendor relationships and negotiated contract to reduce costs by 15%.  • Upgraded 30,000 PC units in environment. Desktop Support Manager Service Corporation International - Houston, TX 2011 to 2015 • Managed 6 person team of desktop engineers and desktop support staff that handled 5000 service tickets annually.  • Developed Technical Training process/procedures for Sales Tablet company initiative for all internal IT Support Teams and a 50,000 strong user environment.  • Trained in one year 30 business Markets, internal support teams, and 3 vendor support teams on new desktop and phone hardware/software, various devices such a tablets and mobile devices, and proprietary applications.  • Designed SharePoint site for collaboration and created 300 training documents for desktop team.  • Mentored and managed 10 high school interns for corporate desktop support. IT Systems Analyst Service Corporation International - Houston, TX 2009 to 2011 • Managed 3 Person Team that evaluated multi-platform PC technology and numerous technology peripherals for over 3000 computers.  • Completed PC WINXP migration project with a surplus of 40,000 dollars.  • Created and maintained database to inventory all replaced and upgraded equipment.  • Project completed 6 months ahead of schedule. Level II Advanced Technician Specialist Telenetwork Partners LLC - San Marcos, TX 2007 to 2009 • Advanced technical support troubleshooting network issues by phone for home and business based customers for over nine different Internet Service Providers.  • Technical training lead.  • Architected and documented technical Infrastructure procedures and security protocols.  • Evaluated and maintained WAN/LAN DSL and DSLAM/NOC communications and coordinated resources. Education Bachelor of Science Texas State University - San Marcos, TX 2007 Associate of Science Frank Phillips College - Borger, TX 2003 Skills Active directory, Cisco, Exchange, Networking, Remedy, Linux, Unix, Unix/linux, Citrix, Lan/wan, Ldap, Mpls, Vpn, Sharepoint, Visio, Oracle, Sql, Sip, Android, Ios Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/jennifermichelleherron Additional Information Skills  • Project management  • Powerful negotiator  • Process implementation  • Team leadership  • Vendor Management  • Data management  • Staff development  • Risk management processes and analysis  • Strong verbal communication  • Client assessment and analysis  • Project scheduling  • Interdepartmental coordination  • Agile methodologies  • Iterative development  • Collaboration tools  • Change management    • OS/: Windows XP/7/8/10, MS Server, Thin Clients, Android, Apple iOS/Unix/Linux/  • Infrastructure: Active Directory, SCCM, Visio, Excel, Citrix, Access, LDAP, CompuTrace, Exchange, Blackberry Enterprise  • Networking: Cisco VPN, Lan/Wan/SD WAN, Cloud Computing, GOBI, Cisco, Meraki, MPLS, DMVPN, Wireless access points, Cisco Firepower  • Voice: PRI, SIP, SD WAN, Velo Cloud, POTS  • Metrics/Management: SharePoint, SQL, Heat, Remedy, Call Manager, Visio, Microsoft Project 2016, Primivera, PWA, Service Now, Waterfall, Agile, Zerto, Microsoft Twg  • Peripheral Devices: Printers, Scanners, Faxes, Pin Pad Devices, Signature Pad Devices, Tablet Devices, Mobile Devices, Electronic Payment Devices  • DB: SQL/Oracle