IT Security Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Security Analyst - NYU Langone Health Flushing, NY Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Security Analyst NYU Langone Health October 2018 to Present • Respond to and investigate notifications of security incidents.  • Review and analyze security event data to identify malicious activity.  • Produce data analysis and statistical reports IT Security Analyst Winthrop University Hospital April 2017 to September 2018 • Respond to and investigate notifications of security incidents.  • Review and analyze security event data to identify malicious activity.  • Produce data analysis and statistical reports.  • Monitor/remediate end-points using Trend Micro Office Scan.  • Investigate incidents using Trend Micro DDI and DDA. Manage messaging using Trend Micro IMSVA.  • Manage asset security GeoFence via Absolute.  • Create/manage exceptions using Force Point.  • Respond to website unblock and trouble tickets via IT Security hotline and Altiris ticketing system.  • Run Internet usage investigative reports for management.  • Manage/create BOX accounts.  • Mobile device management using GOOD.  • Review new applications for security compliance.  • Security Awareness program lead.  • Identity and access management. System Support Engineer Winthrop University Hospital October 2015 to April 2017 • Assist over 8,000 Winthrop computer users via telephone, e-mail and remote access to resolve hardware and software malfunctions.  • Manage computer software installations and imaging using Altiris Deployment Console.  • Virus remediation and removal.  • Add printer and permissions groups in Active Directory. Reset passwords.  • Support Citrix Receiver installation for remote users. Use Citrix Director Console and Citrix XenCenter to manage and monitor sessions. Use Vsphere WebClient to reboot virtual servers.  • Patch ports in data (IDF) closets.  • Support MS Outlook.  • New equipment deployment, peripheral installations. Lead Desktop Support Technician ASI System Integration Inc November 1999 to October 2015 ASI Consultant Canon USA 2005 to 2015 • Assist over 2,000 Canon Corporate computer users via telephone, e-mail, and remote access to resolve hardware and software malfunctions.  • Use HP OVSD ticketing system to actively track, assign, and resolve break-fix trouble tickets for on-site and remote users.  • Virus remediation and removal.  • Back-up, restore and recover data.  • Setup and deploy machines for new hires and consultants in English and Japanese Windows OS. Prepare loaners for travel.  • Troubleshoot VPN issues for remote end-users nationwide. Install, configure, and troubleshoot IBM Lotus Notes 8.5.  • Use Altiris Deployment Solution to track, deploy, and inventory machines.  • Research, and resolve network connectivity problems on LAN/WLAN.  • Install, configure MAC laptops and desktop computers. Install MAC OS X. Install Parallels desktop for Windows virtual machines.  • Documented new procedures and software configuration instructions for support team. Trained junior technicians. Corporate / Trading Floor Support Technician UBS Investment Bank 2002 to 2005 • Supported corporate and trading floor users.  • Workstation, laptop and printer repairs.  • New equipment deployment. Set up video conferencing equipment.  • Project leader for UBS Energy Group workstation and monitor deployment on trading floor.  • Trained junior technicians. Configuration / Field Technician ASI System Integration Inc 1999 to 2002 • Computer imaging, server configuration and upgrades. Printer upgrades. Server rack installations.  • Provided end user support for configuration warehouse. Assisted configuration managers with special projects.  • Back-up printer technician for Hughes Hubbard and Reed. Back-up hardware technician for Hypovereins Bank. Hardware deployment technician for Union Bank of California's NYC relocation project.  • Administered site surveys. Education A.A.S. in Computer Information Systems Monroe College 2005 Skills security, Information Security, Siem, Cyber Security Certifications/Licenses CYSA+ Present Security+ Present Network+ Present MCDST Present MCP CISSP Present Additional Information ? Experienced professional in IT Security  ? Extremely capable in fast-paced business environments.  ? Team player with excellent communication skills.