Information Security Analyst Information <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Information Security Analyst - iPipeline Syracuse, UT Security focused network and security engineer. Able to make decisions quickly, troubleshoot and  solve complex issues. Strong communication and documenting abilities. Work Experience Information Security Analyst iPipeline - Salt Lake City, UT February 2018 to Present -Assist in the Information Security documentation needs (Policies, Procedures, SOPs, Customer questionnaires.).  -Review policies and procedures of acquired companies and ensure they align with iPipeline's policies and procedures.  -Mature UBA, network analytic, and host based security tools.  -Create programs to automate processes.  -Analyze malware.  -Investigate and resolve suspicious items for users, workstations, servers, and network activity.  -Audit network ACLs.  -Verify server, workstation, network vulnerabilities and assist in the remediation process.  -Utilize tools to search logs for threats.  -Incident detection and response.  -Perform forensics on servers and workstations when necessary IT Technician and Consultant Dental Design Systems - Sandy, UT June 2015 to February 2018 Implement solutions quickly in a timed manner under pressure. Often these solutions require advanced investigation and solutions.  Selected Accomplishments;  -Installing and configuring firewalls, servers, switches with the appropriate configuration while maintaining PCI and HIPAA compliance.  -Troubleshooting Server and Network connectivity issues. Sometimes in a network or system down situation.  -Implementing NAT policies for their management software.  -Running Vulnerability Assessments, documenting the results and conveying the results and fixes to the appropriate  authority.  -Ensuring that any viruses are removed properly. Often times requiring a complex time sensitive situations.  -Implementing Site to Site VPN connections between multiple offices or off site remote access VPN connections.  -Ensuring TCP/IP Networking best practices.  -Packet Analysis when troubleshooting connectivity issues.  -Implementing the correct Firewall Rules.  -Configuring NAT Policies to ensure traffic is directed to the appropriate area. Technical Support Tier - Lehi, UT August 2014 to June 2015 Assist with the installation, troubleshooting and implementation of the Solutionreach software. Connect to practice  management software, each having its own unique database. Support first tier support members, finding fast and effective  solutions. Education Master of Science in Cybersecurity and Information Assurance Western Governors University - Salt Lake City, UT March 2019 Bachelor of Science in Information Technology Western Governors University - Salt Lake City, UT December 2017 Skills Firewalls, Networking, Tcp/ip, Tcp, Vpn, Splunk, Css, Html, Python, Linux, Vulnerability assessment, Javascript Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/andrew-king808 Certifications/Licenses Ceritifed Ethical Hacker (EC-Council) April 2019 Computer Hacking Forensic Investigator December 2018 Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  Firewalls TCP/IP Networking Linux Server 2012  VPN NAT Policies Splunk Vulnerability Assessment  Python HTML CSS