Cyber Security Incident Analyst Cyber <span class="hl">Security</span> Incident <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Manager, Cyber Security Incident Manager, Data Center Supervisor, VMware Engineer Dallas, GA IT Professional with 20 years of experience. Areas of expertise include VMware, data centers, incident management, call centers and team leadership. My ideal position would include leading small teams, expanding my incident management skills and solving tough problems. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Cyber Security Incident Analyst SunTrust - Atlanta, GA April 2019 to Present This is a Cyber Security Incident Management position in the financial industry. Created and maintain the new employee training process. Team trainer, responsible for managing the team processes and procedures repository. Senior Data Center Specialist Infor Global Solutions - Alpharetta, GA July 2008 to March 2019 ? Responsible for a mixed 3000+ server environment. This includes Windows Server, Linux, SAN, VMware and Microsoft Virtual Server. Responsibilities include: installations, decommissions, patch maintenance, interacting with vendors, system alerts and responding to ticketed incidents.  ? Manage 3rd shift operations to meet SLAs.  ? Manage data center moves, virtualization and consolidation projects.  ? Maintain system inventory, with input on life cycle, system requirements and project parameters.  ? Provide input for system requirements, budgeting and vendor relationships. IT Technician II - Team Lead Robert Bosch, LLC - South Bend, IN November 2004 to December 2007 ? Windows, Exchange, AS400 and SAP account administration.  ? 2nd level support for call center operations for all internal software and hardware issues.  ? Final destination for escalations  ? Team lead and team trainer.  ? Department liaison for system events and planned outages.  ? Created a wiki system for faster call center resolution. Technical Support Supervisor CSINET - LaPorte, IN February 2003 to November 2004 ? Managed a team of 6 tech support reps providing phone sales and troubleshooting support for a local ISP.  ? Created and conducted team training sessions, staff scheduling, needs analysis and corrective coaching.  ? Reported on network outages and system events.  ? Acted as the final point of escalation. Education MS in Management of Information Systems Liberty University - Lynchburg, VA May 2015 BS in Management of Information Systems Liberty University - Lynchburg, VA 2013 Skills Vmware