IT Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Analyst - Duke University Cancer Institute (DCI) Greensboro, NC Looking to obtain a challenging position in Information Security/I.T. support where I can utilize my education, I.T. certifications and 18 plus years of progressive Information Technology experience. My experiences include PC and network troubleshooting, software installation, analytical/problem solving skills, relationship management and excellent customer service. Work Experience IT Analyst Duke University Cancer Institute (DCI) 2016 to Present • Work closely with other Duke entities to provide a contiguous, safe IT environment (Information Security Office, Duke Health Technology Solutions, Duke Office of Information Technology, etc.).  • Maintain accurate documentation for hardware/software inventory, support knowledge base, etc.  • Install and update Symantec on laptops and workstations.  • Provide end user training for supported hardware, software and procedures.  • Maintain user Active Directory (and other) account and group memberships.  • Maintain inventory levels for equipment through Smart Sheet.  • Prepare equipment for salvage collection.  • Pre-image equipment for distribution efficiently saving about a day's worth of manpower.  • Work closely with systems administrators to provide seamless IT support to customers.  • Support remote access and international travel as needed.  • Installation, configuration and support of DCI software and hardware for over 1200+ desktops, laptops and peripherals.  • Work with other groups members as a team to provide all of the above in the most seamless manner possible. Security and Systems Analyst Integra Employer Health - Charlotte, NC 2015 to 2016 • Upheld the highest levels of security and enforce best practices.  • Member of the security incident response processes.  • Updated workstation and server lists for updates (Office, Windows and anti-virus).  • Worked effectively to daily communicate with a wide variety of constituents including IT peers, executives, nurses, and call center staff.  • Provided technical support for hardware and software of in-office and remote employees.  • Participated in incident response meetings.  • Installed ESET and worked with McAfee DAT files/antivirus/antimalware. Service Desk Analyst II Cone Health System - Greensboro, NC 2006 to 2015 • Provided support for over 11,000 users in the Moses Cone Health System (Moses Cone Hospital, Wesley Long Hospital, Women's Hospital, Annie-Penn Hospital, Alamance Regional Center, Behavioral Health, High Point Medical Center, Urgent Care Center, Day Surgery Center, Family Practice Center, Regional Cancer Center, Wendover Medical, Northwood, Lebauer Medical, Health Serve and CVTS).  • As a team member, reduced user call hold time by more than 70%.  • Led team in first level call resolution.  • Led team in number of calls answered.  • Achieved high scores on user/caller surveys.  • Led projects such as the documentation of the Cisco telepresence system (video conferencing) for executives, directors and managers.  • Answered/resolved user emails in a timely manner.  • Regularly updated Cone Health's I.T. knowledge base for user and team use.  • Communicated resolutions and issues to the customer/user community as well as team members, field engineers, managers and analysts.  • Consistently met and exceeded management goals for the service desk (first call resolution, answering calls in the amount of time given, effective documentation on trouble tickets, great communication, excellent customer follow up and satisfaction). Systems Analyst Cone Health - Greensboro, NC March 2006 to March 2012 • Configured, tested, repaired, replaced, and relocated systems or components as necessary with effective follow-up with the equipment or user.  • Maintained the equipment (laptops, workstations, printers, monitors, etc.) inventory for production and backup stock.  • Ensured that all manufacturer and vendor warranties are guaranteed and equipment is tracked and returned promptly, reducing the overall equipment cost for I.T. and the health system.  • Used the Altiris enterprise application to image workstations, keeping stock ready for deployment and reducing employee downtime system wide.  • Participated in the on call rotation, weekends and holidays providing 24/7 coverage system wide.  • Performed in-depth troubleshooting for specific front-line incidents reported by customers via phone, e-mail or other contact methods.  • Ran some Windows and McAfee updates, scanned workstations with third party software for extended anti- virus protection (AVG, Malware Bytes, etc.).  • Continuously observed performance monitors and reported problem areas by responding to system messages as quickly as possible.  • Investigated job or system failures and participates in the correcting of the problems (as needed) as quickly as possible.  • Ensured the correct assignment of service calls to appropriate personnel or escalation as warranted by SLA.  • Demonstrated the ability to work independently and with end users, in resolution of hardware, network, and operating system problems.  • Communicated any system abnormality appropriately with key staff and departmental leadership as instructed in a timely and accurate fashion.    • Evaluated and provides resolutions to resolve issues that have business impact on Cone Health facilities and systems.  • Supported and assisted with any Customer Service/Management System initiatives and/or projects as needed. Contract/Consultant Positions Wells Fargo 2004 to 2006 Guilford County Schools/SunTrust Bank/North Carolina A&T State University/Wells Fargo  • Set up Dell and IBM PC's on deployment projects for the Guilford County school system.  Project managed all Install/Move/Add/Change requests within assigned departments.  • Provided recommendations, specifications, and pricing on new hardware and software.  • Resolved hardware and software desktop problems, and update and close Remedy trouble tickets in accordance with Desktop Support and Help Desk SLA agreement.  • Coordinated resources to resolve end-user hardware and software issues.  Provided and updated documentation on departmental hardware, software, and procedures  • Provided Level I and II support for over 11,000 students, faculty and staff.  • Created, updated and closed Uni-Center trouble tickets in accordance with Desktop Support.  • Antivirus and Spyware install and updates. Microsoft Certified Solutions Administrator Program ECPI - Greensboro, NC 2002 to 2004 Received the CompTIA A+, CompTIA Network+ and Microsoft Certified Professional certifications. Information Services Consultant Unisys Corporation - Tallahassee, FL 1998 to 2002 3  • Analyzed, updated, tested and maintained COBOL programs for the Applications Entry module of Public Assistance for the Department of Children and Families (D.C.F) using an IBM OS/390 mainframe for the Florida Online Recipient Integrated Data Access (F.L.O.R.I.D.A.) system.  • Performed on-call or cycle monitoring duties for batch jobs and application entry in the Public Assistance module.  • Effectively served as a member of the Traffic Citation Accounting Transmission System (T.C.A.T.S.) team by providing expertise in the areas of test coordination and serving as liaison/contact and subject matter expert to address questions or concerns; and to relay any errors that occurred during testing, through an FTP program. Installed software and provided some PC troubleshooting to allow for optimum performance.  • Two time recipient of the Practice Performance Recognition Plan award for exceeding client billable expectation time levels. Education None in Certified Ethical Hacker and Countermeasures 10 ONLC - Greensboro, NC August 2019 to August 2019 Master's in Cyber Security Florida Institute of Technology - Melbourne, FL August 2015 Bachelor's in Business Administration, Information Systems North Carolina Central University - Durham, NC May 1998 Skills Active directory, Citrix, Network security, Symantec, Altiris, Ids, Malware, Imaging, Customer service, Relationship building, Microsoft office Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/miguelmoyer Additional Information Skills  • Host/Network security (courses)  • Enterprise security (courses)  • BitLocker  • PGP  • AirWatch  • Microsoft Office 365  • Service Now  • Antispyware/Antivirus (Crowd Strike, Symantec, McAfee, AVG, Malware Bytes, ESET, IDS)  • PC Imaging  • Citrix  • Active Directory  • Remote Tools (Dame Ware, Chris Control, Bomgar, Altiris)  • Big Fix  • Smart Sheet  • Customer service/Relationship building