Network Administrator / IT Security Analyst Network Administrator / <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Security Analyst - Tempoe LLC Manchester, NH Skilled Information Security Analyst with expertise in  risk management unauthorized access viruses and a  wide range of vulnerabilities and threats. Well-versed in  direct and remote analysis with strong critical thinking,  communication and people skills. Able to thrive in  fast-paced and challenging environments where  accuracy and efficiency matter. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Network Administrator / IT Security Analyst Tempoe LLC - Manchester, NH July 2017 to Present While employed at Tempoe I was not only responsible for Manchester, NH maintaining the security posture of the organization but was  I.T. Infrastructure  also responsible for updating all IT and security policies, as Network Administrator/  Network Security Analyst well as spearheading the organizations semi annual PCI  July 2017-Present audit. All of this was in addition to my responsibilities as Network Administrator. Sr. Network Engineer Sonexis Technology - Tewksbury, MA October 2011 to May 2017 Tewksbury, Ma My job at Sonexis is two pronged. I am responsible for in-house IT  Network Operations trouble tickets and monitoring server, network, and Sr. Network Engineer telephony health. I am also the subject matter expert on all  Oct 2011-May 2017  things Sonexis Conference Manager. I perform customer  service tasks and troubleshooting with our platform remotely and in person. I also travel to customer sites to install our  hardware/software and train local users on the platform.    EnerNOC Inc. During my time at EnerNOC I was charged with the formation of a Boston, Ma. 02110  night shift where none existed previously. While on shift I  Network Operations  Level One Supervisor was in charge of maintaining and backing up of 50+ NOC Operator EnerNOC December 2006 to September 2010 servers. I was involved with a majority of the network  upgrades that supported a 50 person office to a 500+  bicoastal multinational corporation. During my tenure there I  helped implement an entire back-up data center in Dallas, conversion from IIS to Apache, and upgrade of our phones to  Cisco Unity Systems. Another major job function was  building site to site VPNs from EnerNOC to numerous  customer sites and maintaining those connections. Contractor Randstad Staffing - Bedford, NH June 2006 to December 2006 primarily dealing with On-Demand issues and the formatting  Jun 2006-Dec 2006 of Excel spreadsheets which routed programming to proper  channels and cities along with the commercials. Owner/Operator 4th Dimension Web - Metairie, LA January 2000 to August 2005 of a company specializing in network setup, Metairie, La. 70001 troubleshooting, threat assessment, and optimization.  Owner  Worked with various clients from individuals to large  January 2000-August 2005  corporations with employee training with the best industry  practices in security. Completed a project with Oschner  Hospital to digitize the ICD-9 for access by nursing staff  along with setting up a secure Cisco Wi-Fi for use with bedside admissions. Performed server migrations and  upgrades to several clients networks all while overseeing  patch application. Manager/Teacher Lower Algiers Seniors - Algiers, LA February 1999 to June 2001 Organized and managed various computer projects. Designed and Algiers, La. 70114  implemented new employee training programs. Set up and Technology  Manager/Teacher maintained an IT teaching environment involving windows servers  February 1999- June 2001 and Cisco routers. Education Management of Information Systems Virginia College B of S Skills Security, HTML, Active Directory, Cisco, training Certifications/Licenses CEH July 2019 to July 2022 Certified Ethical Hacker