IT Customer Operations Head <span class="hl">IT</span> Customer Operations Head IT Manager Tampa, FL Leader bringing over 20 years of experience with end user IT products, services and distributed systems, serving all business sectors, establishing operational optimization across diverse businesses in local, regional and global operations, with a focus on creating outstanding support experiences at the right value points for our workforce.    Recognized for skills in strategy development and execution, and communicating with different levels within the organization. Converts strategic plans into tactical reality through guiding teams in establishing themselves as viable business. Devises and implements new programs and initiates successful processes to deliver new products and services with transparency and no impact.     Diversified background in IT operations and engineering management; distinguished for an innovative mindset, creative problem solving, cross functional teams and a bottom-line orientation.     Offers innovative solutions to operational challenges and leverages decisiveness to implement solutions while minimizing risks and maximizing performance.     Expert in transforming strategic plans into tactical initiatives for local and global initiative and programs.    Motivator and coach combining business acumen with analytical depth to align operational efficiencies with corporate strategy and goals. Work Experience IT Customer Operations Head Citigroup Inc - São Paulo 2013 to 2018 Responsible for local and remote site support, incident management and request fulllment for all end user IT products and services, as well as keeping hardware and software up-to-date for 7000 users in Brazil.  Supporting technology business representatives in delivering IT products, services and solutions, interfacing on both technical and business aspects with different levels within the organization.  Supported the IT service contracts outsourcing, businesses merges, acquisitions and divestitures, led Information Security initiatives and Customer Experience innovation and improvement projects. IT Client Infrastructure Services Manager Citigroup Inc - São Paulo 2011 to 2013 Led and implemented incident management and request fulfillment tools and processes in LATAM  Supported business strategic initiatives and projects, the Call Center implementation, Operations and Technology new office and Data Center migration from Mexico to US. IT Distributed Operations Manager Citi Group Inc - São Paulo 2008 to 2011 Managed personal systems environment, software deployment, end user support, projects implementation and service contract management.  Migrated the identity management function for centralized applications to the LATAM center of excellence in Mexico, implemented and supported the B2B firewall new architecture, and the ATM monitoring infrastructure. Network and Security Operations Manager Citi Group Inc - São Paulo 2002 to 2008 Managed the network and firewall operations in Brazil, in a 24 x 7 environment for around 500 devices and 800 data and voice circuits.  Supported the local Web Hosting implementation, its migration to a Data Center in US, and implemented the Brazil Payment System infrastructure..  Supported the mainframe migration from Brazil to Mexico, and the implementation of 70 new retail branches, as part of the Brazil Global Consumer Bank Hyper-growth project. IT Helpdesk and Incident Management Senior Analyst Citi Group Inc - Sao Paulo 1998 to 2001 Aligned support services with the Regional Office, and implemented the incident and problem management end user process. Education Associate in Data Processing Mackenzie University - São Paulo August 1994 to June 1997 Skills IT Management, Strategic Planning, Vendor Management, Network Administration, Exchange, Customer Service, Excel, Itil, Citrix, Active Directory, Disaster Recovery Certifications/Licenses AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner / Amazon Web Services March 2019 to March 2021 Scrum Fundamentals Certified / VMEdu Inc. February 2019 to Present IT Information Library Foundations Certification V3 (ITIL) / EXIN March 2017 to Present CitiLean Apprentice Certification / Citigroup Inc October 2016 to Present Additional Information Language Skills  • Fluent in English and Spanish  • Native in Portuguese    Other Milestones & Assignments  2018 Global Customer Operations CitiLean Financial Operations  Citigroup Inc.  Led a global team in identifying risks an opportunities to avoid producing an accurate monthly financial outlook throughout the year, leading to rework, incorrect decisions, delays and impacts decisions across the organization.    2017          IT Customer Service Center migration to IBM Costa Rica  Citigroup Inc  Supported the transition of the rst level technical support service from IBM Brazil to IBM Costa Rica, as part of the IT strategy to consolidate services in centers of excellence, with transparence and no impact to the end users    2015 - 2016    Mexico IT Customer Operations Intl Assignment  Citigroup Inc  Reporting to the IT Mexico Customer Operations Head, supported the restructuring and reorganization of the Site Support and Integration Functions, and managed strategic business projects and initiatives.    2014 - 2015     IT Transformation and Lean Strategy execution  Citigroup Inc  Liaison for the IT Transformation & Lean Strategies for Brazil IT organization, supporting the diagnosing and designing phases, and deploying and executing Citi´s Global Operations & Technology Lean strategy.    2012         I LEAD O&T LATAM Mexico Talent Development Program  Citigroup Inc  Led a team in a challenge to improve the LATAM Collections productivity, identifying opportunities with the main objective of individual and team development, in a multicultural environment, balancing development and day-to-day activities, and committed and accountable to deliver results.    2005         Citigroup Global Perimeter Security Audit Guest Reviewer  Citigroup Inc  Supported the global perimeter security audit review in New York city, interacting with Global support teams in revising, verifying and auditing the firewall and security policies applied according to the guidelines.