Security Specialist <span class="hl">Security</span> Specialist Security Engineer Little Rock, AR A motivated security specialist with an analytical mind that's always pushing to improve. My experience consists of Security, Network and IT support. Work Experience Security Specialist Simmons Bank July 2018 to Present • Respond to alerts from QRadar SIEM, IDS sensor and AV applications  • Proactively monitor firewall, DLP and AV logs for trends or potential incidents.  • Vet potential applications that may be introduced into the network.  • Maintain and monitor company anti-virus applications.  • Assist IT Audit in reviewing account and department metrics.  • Mentor candidates in the Simmons Security internship program.  • Created processes and runbooks for SOC buildout.  • Conduct vishing/phishing campaigns to gauge employee security awareness. Network Analyst Windstream February 2017 to July 2018 • Provide support for ATM, ADSL/VDSL, and IP networks.  • Analyze, resolve and provision broadband services including static IP and fiber services.  • Assist with user modem configurations including firewall, IP pass-through/bridge and static configuration.  • Utilize trouble ticketing system for creation and research of network related problems.  • Support internal departments and field technicians via phone, email and chat to resolve complex matters. IT Specialist Remington Arms Inc January 2014 to February 2017 • End user hardware and software installation/support.  • Support Cisco firewalls, switches and company workstations.  • Monitor AV console for PC security compliance.  • Respond to network IDS alerts and potential incidents.  • Distribute security documentation to end users on securing personal data and following company AUP. SDG Systems Specialist Arkansas Children's Hospital October 2012 to November 2013 • Provide exceptional customer service to users while in delicate and high-pressured situations.  • Adhere to HIPAA regulations in protecting PII.  • Maintain and support company workstations, clinical touch screens and Carehub stations.  • Create Windows 7 images to be deployed on all Carehub stations.  • Work closely with management and developers to discuss hardware solutions to better Carehub. Tech Support Coordinator II Verizon Wireless June 2006 to November 2012 • Configure security settings for wireless access point devices.  • Utilize Remedy to resolve trouble tickets for escalated situations.  • Support Verizon Wireless data products including mobile devices and mobile hotspots.  • Expert knowledge of mobile OS's including Android, IOS, Blackberry and Windows OS.  • Supervised a team of ten employees which involved taking escalated calls, assisting in troubleshooting and coaching to improve performances. Education Bachelor's in Cyber Security in Cyber Security Western Governor's University Additional Information • CompTIA Security+  • (ISC)2 SSCP (Systems Security Certified Practitioner)  • Cisco CCENT  • ITILv3 certification  • CIW Web Security Associate  • CIW Site Development Associate  • CompTIA A+  • Microsoft MCITP C183-4417  • Microsoft MCDST D398-5621