VP of Information Technology VP of Information Technology New Orleans, LA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience VP of Information Technology The Advocate - Baton Rouge, LA 2013 to Present Manage and direct a team of seven; accountable for a $3M+ annual IT budget. Provide forward-thinking guidance and mentoring to IT infrastructure, operations, business analysis, and project management teams. Lead all interviewing, hiring, and ongoing training of the team.  * Directed a new content management systems project that resulted in 50% annual savings.  * Spearheaded and led a successful company-wide network infrastructure upgrade across eight remote sites that resulted in a 60% reduction in infrastructure costs by eliminating hosting expenses.  * Decreased telecommunication services cost by 40% by replacing outdated technologies.  * Led implementation of a new ERP and CRM system that improved processes for the sales team.  * Played a key role in designing technology for new headquarters building; sponsored project to implement Microsoft Office 365 throughout the organization.  * Improved customer service and company reputation by collaborating with multiple departments to determine needs; assisted with the acquisition of weekly newspapers. Infrastructure Manager ADVANCE CENTRAL SERVICES LOUISIANA - New Orleans, LA 2012 to 2013 Assumed role as an Infrastructure Manager for a new company that split from The Times-Picayune. In charge of ten direct reports; accountable for directing and providing a strategic vision for the IT infrastructure, operations, and security teams. Led all recruiting, hiring, and training of the entire team.  * Migrated an on-premise PBX phone system to a hosted VOIP system to accommodate a new mobile strategy; deployed a new AD domain infrastructure and oversaw the building of multiple offices.  * Converted 200+ users from Windows laptops to MacBooks; implemented a new reverse publishing process to achieve a "digital first" strategy.  * Centralized printing by deploying multi-function devices that reduced overall printing cost.  * Planned a company-wide upgrade of an aging network infrastructure.  * Led project to implement Computer to Plate technology. IT Manager THE TIMES-PICAYUNE 2006 to 2012 Promoted to oversee and manage a technical and non-technical team of eight. Led project management efforts for all business facing systems maintained by the infrastructure and operations teams. Directed the company-wide adoption of the use of mobile devices to allow staff to be more productive in the field.  * Assisted in the internal conversion of an on-premise ERP to a private cloud-based ERP; led the organization through a PCI assessment and the development of a PCI compliance roadmap.  * Spearheaded the implementation of an EMC SAN environment to enable the sufficient growth and performance capabilities of internal systems.  * Successfully updated IT security by implementing a hosted security for e-mail and web filtering; migrated the e-mail server from iMail to Microsoft Exchange 2010.  * Revamped the entire IP Address scheme to align with corporate's PeopleSoft implementation.  * Improved disaster recovery and business continuity plans based upon lessons learned after Hurricane Katrina. THE TIMES-PICAYUNE - New Orleans, LA 2000 to 2012 Network Administrator THE TIMES-PICAYUNE 2000 to 2006 Accountable for managing a 750 user Windows 2000 Active Directory infrastructure; played a key role in business continuity efforts during the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina. Created a new helpdesk that helped increased customer satisfaction; implemented a new e-mail system and internet access for 750+ employees.  * Replaced point to point T1s with Metro Ethernet at five remote locations.  * Converted the entire enterprise network from 3Com hubs to Cisco switch technology.  * Launched enterprise-wide endpoint security using Symantec Endpoint Security.  * Led project to install LANDesk for asset management, software distribution, and security patching. Network Security Analyst XETA INTERNATIONAL - New Orleans, LA 1998 to 2000 Team Leader  A key member of a small technology company; assumed the role as a Team Leader. Led a multi-million-dollar contract to install a hardware-based VPN using Smart Card technology.  * Designed, implemented and administered a 50 user WAN using Microsoft Windows NT 4.0 Server and Microsoft Exchange Server 5.5.  * Trained on various UNIX flavors including Solaris, SunOS, and Linux. Communications & Computer Specialist LOUISIANA AIR NATIONAL GUARD - New Orleans, LA 1990 to 1998 Administered a Banyan Vines and Microsoft Windows NT network with 1,200+ users; migrated all servers and users from Banyan Vines to Microsoft Windows NT.  * Installed, troubleshot, and maintained 700+ IBM compatible computers; managed an annual budget of $200,000+ to purchase IT equipment.  * Recognized by leadership for superior performance; maintained Top Secret security clearance. Education Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration The University of New Orleans - New Orleans, LA Skills ERP (10+ years), DATA CENTER, ENTERPRISE RESOURCE PLANNING, INFORMATION SECURITY, SECURITY (8 years), Customer Service, Strategic Planning, Exchange, Vmware, Network Administration, Customer Service, Exchange, Excel, IT Management, Network Administration, Strategic Planning, Vendor Management, Vmware Additional Information Technical Expertise    Data Center Management Server & Desktop Virtualization Unified Communications  Hybrid Cloud Infrastructure-as-a-Service (IaaS) Information Security Technologies  Microsoft 365 Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP)