IT Operations Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Operations Manager IT Operations Manager - Residential Warranty Services Work Experience IT Operations Manager Residential Warranty Services - Carmel, IN August 2016 to Present Design and manage the physical infrastructure including access control, video surveillance, VOIP, SAS, Fiber Optics, Cisco switches and load balanced internet routing.  ? Lead Designer and Project Manager of the expansion project of our 12k square foot building housing our Web and Print Design Department, Call Center and Claims Department. Built new MDF and connected 2 buildings on campus with fiber optics. Enhanced the voice and data structure within the building, Designed the WIFI and VLAN to enhance the migration to android based processes in claims and call center.  ? Writer of Technology SOP's including but not limited to the password policy and security policies.  ? Administrator of our MS Office 365, implemented and trained the company on SharePoint, SKYPE for business and One-Drive for collaboration and archiving. IT Technical Support/ IT Equipment Coordinator AMAZON Fulfillment - Whitestown, IN January 2012 to August 2016 Managed an IT inventory totaling 9601 assets in the 3rd largest fulfillment center. Responsibilities include inventory audit, functionality audits of RF scanners, thin clients, desktop and laptop pc's, thermal printers and network laser printers.  ? Configure Visual Display kiosks  ? Adhere to strong password policy and train associates of the security policies in the warehouse. Speaking to a group of as many as 210 associates on these and other IT related topics.  ? Establish initial permissions within active directory for entry level associates including email, skype for business and basic printing permissions through active directory. Outbound Associate/Problem Solver AMAZON Fulfillment - Whitestown, IN November 2010 to January 2012 Was a member of the Appeals Committee for employee/HR issues, Participated on the Fun Team for the Summer 2012 events at the Children's Museum and the FC Open House  ? Maintained a near defective free pick performance while producing a performance rate at or slightly above the established rate  ? One of the few associates selected to train incoming associates and managers throughout the entire year. This included incoming operations managers.  ? Adhered to strong password policy and train associates of the security policies in the warehouse. Speaking to a group of as many as 210 associates on these and other FC related topics. Office Products Consultant Van Ausdall & Farrar - Indianapolis, IN 2005 to 2009 Implemented HIPPA Approved scanning and online storage system resulting in real time file retrieval and backup for Medical and Not for Profit sectors. Indianapolis IN Manager/Sales team leader Adams Remco 2004 to 2005 Responsible for inventory orders, personnel and sales for the Indiana Branch office of Northern Indiana owned company.  ? Personnel Duties including hiring, training, performance and payroll for a staff of 17.  ? Proposed and installed scanning solutions resulting in better HIPPA approved document storage and lower paper consumption for Methodist Hospital and Methodist Family Physicians. Security Consultant ADT Security - Indianapolis, IN 2000 to 2004 Designed camera surveillance for retail and residential installations.  ? Lead consultant for Crystal Flass Indianapolis Network Analyst XEROX 1994 to 2000 Implemented the first laser label printing solution for RCA/Thomson Consumer Electronics warehouse logistics shipping labels and reports printing. This solution increased processing, lowered supply cost by eliminating expensive impact printing, resulting in tailored, private label printing for vendors including Best Buy. Radio Shack and Wal-Mart. Education Dale Carnegie 2004 Skills Networking, Motorola, Provisioning, Scanner, Scanning, Microsoft office, Customer Service, Exchange, Network Administration, Strategic Planning Additional Information Software Skills  Motorola Scanner provisioning, Microsoft Networking, Network Scanning setup. Microsoft Office.