Risk and Compliance Analyst Risk and Compliance <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Risk and Compliance Analyst - Texas Department of Criminal Justices Houston, TX Work Experience Risk and Compliance Analyst Texas Department of Criminal Justices - Houston, TX October 2017 to Present • Developed documentation and other tools for IT that helped ensure that processes and controls are followed and work seamlessly  • Assisted with reviewing, administering and implementing change management processes and procedures, assessing change management needs, developing and implementing plans to guide the organization to a mature change process  • valuates threats and vulnerabilities based on tenable reports and Implement Risk Management  • Framework (RMF) in accordance with NIST SP 800-37.  • Reviews and updated some of the system categorization using FIPS 199.  • Updates IT security policies, procedures, standards, and guidelines in line with department Information Security Analyst Spectrum INC - Houston, TX August 2015 to October 2017 • Conducted security control assessments + assess the adequacy of management, operational privacy and technical security controls implemented using NIST 800-53A.  • Monitored Security Controls past-authorization + ensure continuous compliance with security requirements.  • Created reports detailing the identified vulnerabilities and the steps to be taken to remediate them.  • Worked with system owners and ISSOS through the assessment and authorization (A&A) process.  • Determined security controls effectiveness (i.e. controls implemented correctly, operating as intended, and meeting security requirements).  • Reviewed and updated some of the system categorization using FIPS 199. IT Security Analyst Micdav Computers - Lagos, NG June 2000 to April 2001 Performs ongoing Assessment and Authorization projects in support of client  security systems and ensuring quality control of A&A documents  • Performs risk assessments and security architecture reviews across a information technology infrastructure.  • Works with stakeholders to develop and maintain secure SDLC processes  through security review and testing programs.  • Works with team to execute and review BCP.  • Determines security controls effectiveness (i.e., controls implemented correctly, operating as intended, and meeting security requirements).  • Evaluates threats and vulnerabilities based on tenable reports Education Bachelor's degree in arts Ondo State University April 2008