Senior IT Security Analyst Senior <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Sr. IT Security Analyst Tampa, FL •Analyze requirements for the purposes of developing a CyberArk implementation plan.  •Develop and execute a plan for installing and maintaining CyberArk Enterprise Password Vault (EPV).  •Design, setup/configuration and installation of CyberArk Vault environment with high availability.  •Establish a disaster recovery environment including the installation of CyberArk Disaster Recovery Modules installation/configuration.  •Perform gap analysis of technical solutions and business processes.  •Design business and technical processes to support identity and access management needs. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior IT Security Analyst WellCare - Tampa, FL August 2017 to Present Operates formalized IT Security programs and processes such as Patch Management and Security Requests.  Supports the technical execution of IT Security programs such as Incident Response and Event Monitoring.  Researches and prepares periodic and ad-hoc reports of IT Security program execution.  Develop and maintain documentation for supported processes and procedures.  Performs ongoing research of IT Security related topics.  Acts as the liaison among stakeholders to review, document, and communicate system activities to ensure access assignments or requests are completed consistent with service level and IAM information security standards. Drives processes to understand security access requirements and develops role models and standards for IAM processes.  Analyzes root cause to recommend resolutions for provisioning and de-provisioning activities in accordance with security standards, policies and procedures.  Captures user identity administration exceptions and determines and documents course of action for resolution.  Manages critical accounts using the CyberArk Vault. IT Security Analyst Pitisci & Associates (WellCare Contract) - Tampa, FL October 2016 to August 2017 Operates formalized IT Security programs and processes such as Patch Management and Security Requests.  Supports the technical execution of IT Security programs such as Incident Response and Event Monitoring.  Researches and prepares periodic and ad-hoc reports of IT Security program execution.  Develop and maintain documentation for supported processes and procedures.  Performs ongoing research of IT Security related topics.  Acts as the liaison among stakeholders to review, document, and communicate system activities to ensure access assignments or requests are completed consistent with service level and IAM information security standards. Drives processes to understand security access requirements and develops role models and standards for IAM processes.  Analyzes root cause to recommend resolutions for provisioning and de-provisioning activities in accordance with security standards, policies and procedures.  Captures user identity administration exceptions and determines and documents course of action for resolution.  Manages critical accounts using the CyberArk Vault. Cyber Security Analyst II Fannie Mae - Reston, VA May 2016 to October 2016 CyberArk/EPV AIM)   • Work in a fast paced environment focusing on consistently producing high quality results.   • Work daily with CyberArk's PVWA. CyberArk Administration and Troubleshooting.   • Work on the actual EPV servers using PrivateArk to administer the Acceptance (UAT) and Production Vaults.   • Respond to pages 24x7. Serve as the primary support person and resolve issues day and night on a rotation basis.   • Proactively monitor production environment for service interruptions.   • Respond to technical issues escalated from the corporate help desk and business partners.   • Work closely with stakeholder teams to effectively identify, isolate, and resolve technical issues faced by those teams.   • Work closely with project management, development, and QA personnel to assist in development and launch of fixes.   • Maintain development, testing, and production systems. Coordinate maintenance with support teams.   • Develop tools for use in troubleshooting technical issues and monitoring the systems.   • Create thorough, clear, SDLC compliant documentation, including documents that capture the processes and procedures required for application deployment.   • Conduct analysis of the IT control environment, control and operational data, on business requirements and infrastructure problems; document, report, and communicate these to business and systems development staff.   • Consult with internal and external parties to identify their needs/requirements and translate them into prospective business solutions and IT control practices via systems design, development, testing and modification of tools and processes.   • Support the overall IT control practices, and remediation action plan execution, and integration and systems development life cycle testing and systems certification.   • Interface with vendors, architects, and other prospective partners in IT control and risk management practices for infrastructure strategic direction. IT Analyst II (CyberArk/EPV Ops - IAM/ IAG) Princeton Technologies - Fannie Mae Contract - Reston, VA December 2014 to May 2016 CyberArk/EPV AIM)  • Work in a fast paced environment focusing on consistently producing high quality results.  • Work daily with CyberArk's PVWA. CyberArk Administration and Troubleshooting.  • Work on the actual EPV servers using PrivateArk to administer the Acceptance (UAT) and Production Vaults.  • Respond to pages 24x7. Serve as the primary support person and resolve issues day and night on a rotation basis.  • Proactively monitor production environment for service interruptions.  • Respond to technical issues escalated from the corporate help desk and business partners.  • Work closely with stakeholder teams to effectively identify, isolate, and resolve technical issues faced by those teams.  • Work closely with project management, development, and QA personnel to assist in development and launch of fixes.  • Maintain development, testing, and production systems. Coordinate maintenance with support teams.  • Develop tools for use in troubleshooting technical issues and monitoring the systems.  • Create thorough, clear, SDLC compliant documentation, including documents that capture the processes and procedures required for application deployment.  • Conduct analysis of the IT control environment, control and operational data, on business requirements and infrastructure problems; document, report, and communicate these to business and systems development staff.  • Consult with internal and external parties to identify their needs/requirements and translate them into prospective business solutions and IT control practices via systems design, development, testing and modification of tools and processes.  • Support the overall IT control practices, and remediation action plan execution, and integration and systems development life cycle testing and systems certification.  • Interface with vendors, architects, and other prospective partners in IT control and risk management practices for infrastructure strategic direction. Global EPV Ops Identity Access Admin JP Morgan Chase July 2012 to November 2014 Cyber Ark/EPV Vault)  Senior member of the EPV Operations team that manages Emergency Privileged Access to all manner of platforms within the JP Morgan Chase footprint. I work in a fast paced, high intensity environment where the team supports users by granting them access to privileged accounts after verifying their access. As an EPV Operations Admin I minimize the risk with accounts bank wide to include the Monetary Authority of Singapore, the IRS and USCIS. Other responsibilities include:  • Performed security administration on Privileged & Emergency ID's residing on various platforms (Mainframe, UNIX, AD, AS400, Windows Server 2008, etc.) and contained on the firm wide, strategic tool, ensuring access is granted in accordance with the Logical Access Control policy, established standards and procedures. Knowledge of the various supported lines of business. Analysis of requests for potential risk before action. Escalating, rejecting and querying requests where necessary. Review, create and maintain process/ procedural documentation.  • Troubleshoot and resolve security system access issues: Break fix support of access rights for privileged and emergency accounts and issues where users have trouble checking out break-fix accounts. This requires knowledge of multiple systems, as well as general understanding of the functionality for these systems. Technical expertise is required on all platforms.  • Provided critical support to all levels of executives: Vice Presidents, Managing Directors and Executive Directors.  • Used Active Directory to manage domain accounts and access to domain accounts.  • Assisted colleagues and VIP visitors in connecting to the corporate wireless network.  • Used RDP, PuTTy and Reflection terminal emulator heavily to connect to Windows, UNIX and Mainframe/Midrange servers for account management. Technical Support Analyst (contract) IBM/ InterContinental Hotels Group - Dallas, TX June 2011 to April 2012 Provided Desktop/Network support (software/hardware/network) to all of the Hotel Chains within the IHG family Globally:  • Provided software/hardware/network support for the 7 different brands of hotels within IHG world wide, provide support in managing hotel inventory via Holidex, provided Office 2010/2007/2003 support and training, assist hotels with maximizing their revenue using Perform, assist corporate hotel staff (administration to VIP's) with Active Directory issues, provide Asset Management via Nexicore and IBM Esc+ hardware support.  • Assisted Executive level hotel personnel with Outlook issues and Gmail issues, assist corporate hotel personnel with Blackberry setup and troubleshooting, provide remote desktop support for all users via BOMGAR, document all troubleshooting steps using the Service Now ticketing system, troubleshoot all hotel network (TCP/IP) issues from the front desk workstation to the ISP (AT&T, Verizon, etc.) Router (SkyEdge IDU, AT&T Netgate, Cisco switch, Windows Server, etc.) to ensure hotels maintain network connectivity to their inventory database and credit card authorizations, Support customer's with Blackberry email (Outlook and Google) issues using the BES and GBES server.  • Used Active Directory to manage domain accounts. Support Engineer II Microsoft, Inc - Irving, TX September 2010 to March 2011 Used strong Microsoft Product technical knowledge with Windows 7 and Office 2010 to provide top-tier support to customers, provided Office 2010/2007/2003 support and training, worked on customer's machines via Easy Assist. 100% Phone Support, performed difficult diagnostic repair on client machines and analyze results, backed-up and recovered customer data when necessary, researched and resolved all technical issues, developed solutions including interfaces, services, utilities or customer requests, performed hot fixes for hardware and peripherals, worked with a team to implement rapidly evolving solutions, isolated unique or difficult customer support scenarios or root causes.  • Ensured accurate technical support, supported resource gaps, and identified support quality improvement opportunities, needs and issues, worked effectively with other groups within Microsoft to resolve customer issues  • Proven ability to get up-to-speed quickly on new technical products  • Proven ability to take initiative and work in a fast-paced environment while balancing multiple demands, addressing shifting priorities, and maintaining focus, provided Tier III phone support to customers.  • Provided Executive Level Support, remotely, to corporate Microsoft users when required. Systems & Applications Spec II University of Texas - Houston, TX October 2009 to October 2010 • Maintained the SPH Active Directory as needed, provided telephone support for remote and local users. Supported users via RDP, performed asset management duties as assigned, updated and maintained an IT asset management database for the SPH, tracked all assets to maintain an updated asset inventory.  • Provided Office 2010/2007/2003 support and training.  • Managed all paperwork associated with asset procurement and deployment.  • Placed orders for IT equipment as needed. Assessed customer's need for new computer hardware.  • Provided domain administration and managed Global and Local Security policies.  • Received shipment of new hardware and stored them securely.  • Supported all Mac, Windows 7, and XP issues, assisted students with 2X thin client issues, installed and configured "thick" and "thin" Cisco VPN clients for users, imaged desktops and install software, updates and security patches using Microsoft SCCM  • Assisted students with all iPod, iPhone, Android and Windows Mobile smart device wireless connectivity issues.  • Troubleshot desktop issues remotely using SCCM, Bomgar and Windows Remote Desktop Desktop Support Technician - Tier II NIH\NIAMS - Bethesda, MD October 2007 to April 2008 Windows and Mac Support)  Supported approximately 800 - 1000 users. Windows XP, Windows 2000, Windows Vista (testing phase), Mac OS X (Leopard and Panther), Scientific Equipment attached to PC's and Macs, Windows Server 2003. The following hardware manufacturers were primarily used: Dell, IBM, HP, Xerox, and Canon with a few specially built machines (Siemens, AG, etc.) that were used exclusively with scientific equipment.  • Performed Windows administrative support which included adding and removing users, installing, troubleshooting, and maintaining hardware and software, monitoring system and network activity, and assisting with user desktop issues on a daily basis.  • Provided problem determination/resolution based upon personal experience and standard operating procedures, including immediate resolution where possible.  • Provided Executive level support on Mac OS X, iOS, Android and Blackberry smart device issues. Desktop Support Technician II NIH\NIDDK - Bethesda, MD April 2007 to October 2007 Approximately 800 - 1000 users. Windows XP, Windows 2000, Windows Vista (testing phase), Mac OS X (Leopard and Panther), Scientific Equipment attached to PC's and Macs, Windows Server 2003. The following hardware manufacturers were primarily used: Dell, IBM, HP, Xerox, and Canon with a few specially built machines (Siemens, AG, etc.) that were used exclusively with scientific equipment. Supported Blackberry PDA's as well.  • Provided Executive level support on Mac OS X, iOS, Android and Blackberry smart device issues. Office of the General Counsel Howard University - Washington, DC October 2006 to April 2007 Network Administrator for the General Counsel  Supported a highly confidential staff of approximately 16 people (attorneys and support staff) who handled all legal issues for the University. Supported Windows XP and 2000; Maintained all tape back ups for the servers (Novell server and one Windows 2003 Server with a Dell tape backup).  • Provided professional, courteous, and quality systems support to all users in a timely manner.  • Responded to inbound calls, voicemail, web-submissions, emails and/or instant message to the Support Service Desk for assistance from users experiencing problems.  • Supported all PDA issues (Blackberry, Treo, etc. mobile devices) Campus Team Lead / Desktop Support Technician II NIH\CIT - Bethesda, MD February 2004 to July 2006 Supervised a 3-person team. Approximately 800 - 1000 users. Windows XP, Windows 2000, Windows Vista (testing phase), Mac OS X (Leopard and Panther), Scientific Equipment attached to PC's and Macs, Windows Server 2003. The following hardware manufacturers were primarily used: Dell, IBM, HP, Xerox, and Canon with a few specially built machines (Siemens, AG, etc.) that were used exclusively with scientific equipment. Supported Blackberry PDA's as well.  • Evaluated business needs, objectives, and goals; researching products available and designating procedures to best meet those needs while not negatively impacting current architecture & applications.  • Developed documentation to support the use of hardware, software, and all network products. Participated in and provided information for the strategic planning process and development of effective processes and procedures at the departmental level.  • Provided Executive level support on Mac OS X, iOS, Android and Blackberry smart device issues. Education Certificate of Completion Gordon Signal School - Augusta, GA 1991 to 1992 Howard University - Washington, DC 1990 to 1991 Skills Computer Skills (10+ years), Network Management (10+ years) Military Service Branch: Army Service Country: United States Rank: E3 September 1991 to May 1995 31 F - MSE Network Switching Systems Operator Certifications/Licenses Microsoft Certified Professional Microsoft Certified Desktop Support Technician