Sr IT Systems Administrator Sr <span class="hl">IT</span> Systems Administrator Sr IT Systems Administrator - Kellogg Brown & Root, Inc Pearland, TX MCSA and MCSE with 13 years of extensive experience in the Information Technology field, specifically  focused on Software and Hardware Implementation, Testing and Application support in a Windows server 2012, Windows XP and Exchange 2010 environment. I consider myself a Team player as well as Individual contributor who has a desire for learning new things. I have demonstrated the ability to work efficiently and productively with minimal supervision. Some strengths include excellent Analytical skills as well as Problem solving skills with an extremely high satisfaction rate. Received recognition award several times for assisting project managers with new services used by the company. Work Experience Sr IT Systems Administrator Kellogg Brown & Root, Inc - Houston, TX June 2005 to July 2016 Monitor incident alerts from monitoring systems, such as SCOM (Systems Center Operations Manager), Solar Winds Orion and others.  • Take calls from regional Service Delivery Center (SDC) IT personnel regarding existing or potential incidents.  • Perform classification of incidents.  • Resolve incidents, where possible, according to incident response procedures.  • Raise incident tickets for all incidents resolved as well as those reassigned to an SDC or 3rd-level support.  • Handle global incidents via the Global Incident Management Process.  • Route non-global incidents to the appropriate support group or SDC Incident Management team.  • Engage with 3rd-party suppliers, such as telecommunications vendors and computer hardware suppliers, as needed during incident management process.  • Ensure that the incident communications plan is followed to keep all interested parties apprised of incident status and resolution.  • Manage and support the monitoring tools, such as SCOM (Systems Center Operations Manager), Solar Winds Orion and the associated management databases, such as SharePoint 2013.  • Work with the Service Delivery Centers to maintain contact and support escalation lists.  • Produce incident logs and reports as required. Network Security Analyst Shell Oil Co 2001 to 2004 Provide administration of user accounts (adds, deletes, moves, and changes, etc.) and user access to various network resources (project folders, public folder, distribution lists, etc.) primarily in Windows NT, Windows 2000 and Exchange 2000/ 5.5 as well as MS Outlook 2000 environments. This provided support for all Shell users in all environments.  • Migrated users data and e-mail from one Domain to another.  • Served as the "Focal Point" for Smart Card Administration, MyBill Service, and Compute Server Access, which not only provided a first level of contact for users throughout Shell, but also assisted Project Managers with the roll out of these services.  • Created Lotus Notes Accounts, Blackberry Accounts, and MyBill Accounts as well as various other service accounts used by Shell.  • Used Active Directory extensively to access users accounts for administration.  • Participate in after-hour "premier service" for supporting urgent customer requests by carrying "team's primary pager". This provided 24 hour service for users on and off site  • Escalate technical issues to Technical Lead and other support teams within CTS, which in turn resulted in a faster resolution. Shell Services HelpDesk Analyst Shell Oil Co 1997 to 2001 Provided local and Phone technical support for Shell employees with an emphasis on resolving issues in a timely manner. This resulted in minimal down time for the employees.  • Provided input for documentation to be used for training of new Helpdesk personnel. This helped to provide accurate data to be used.  • Assisted users with Network as well as local printer issues.  • Provided password resets for users trying to log onto the Network as well as SAP, RAS, Citrix, etc.  • Maintained a High resolution rate for technical issues, which saved lots of users time and money. Desktop Technician Kellogg Brown & Root, Inc - Houston, TX 1995 to 1997 • Provided Network support as well as Desktop configuration for employees using Novell Netware 4.2 at various company locations.  • Responsible for configuring and loading engineering software to be used for Drafting, which resulted in successfully completion of projects in a timely manner.  • Provided On-Site repairs, upgrades, and backups  • Built PC's using new parts to fit customers' needs.  • Assisted with the setup and configuration of drafting equipment, which was to be used for projects. This resulted in projects to be completed on time without technical problems. Education BS in Electronics Engineering Grambling State University - Grambling, LA Skills Microsoft Office 2010 / 2013 Cisco WebEX Active Directory Skype Microsoft Systems Center 2012 R2 (Orchestrator | SCOM) VPN / Citrix Winframe Microsoft Exchange 2003 / 2007 / 2010 Server Microsoft Windows 7/XP/2003/2010 Linux OS Solar Winds Orion Microsoft Windows Server 2012 SharePoint 2013 IBM Tivoli Peregrine Service Center 5.1 VMware vCenter SAP R3 SQL Server Manager Incident / Problem Management Change Management Engineering Support / Analytical Skills ITIL v3 (10+ years), Active Directory, Vmware, System Administrator, Sharepoint Certifications/Licenses MCSE Certification MCSA Certification Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  MCP (Microsoft Certified Professional)  MCSA (Microsoft Certified Systems Administrator)  MCSE (Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer)  Microsoft Windows 7 / Windows 10  Microsoft Office 2010 / 2013 / Office 365  Microsoft Systems Center 2012 R2 (Orchestrator)  Systems Center Operations Manager (SCOM)  Solar Winds Orion  SharePoint 2013  VMware vCenter Server 5.5.0  ASNT Level II VT Certification  Active Directory  Citrix Win frame  VPN  SQL Server Manager  MS Windows NT 4.0/ NT Server  MS Exchange 2000/ 5.5 / MS Exchange Server  MS Outlook 2007  IBM Tivoli  Peregrine Service Center 5.1  Application Support  Analytical Skills  Engineering Support  Microsoft Windows 2000 Server and Professional  Microsoft Windows XP  Microsoft Windows Server 2012 / 2016  Microsoft Exchange 2003 Server  Networking Infrastructure    LANGUAGES    English