T&I Controls Consultant/Contractor T&amp;I Controls Consultant/Contractor T&I Controls Consultant/Contractor ? IT professional with 20 years of healthcare experience, proven leadership, strong interpersonal  communication, deep IT Security background, project management experience, and a dedicated  focus on customer support.  ? Proven track record of managing diverse projects simultaneously; interfacing with Executive  Leadership team, Directors, managers and local IT teams to develop and execute implementation  project plans.  ? 10+ years of enterprise level Information Technology Security experience at HCA.  ? Exceptional expertise in implementation and ability to identify gaps to improve and streamline  current processes.  ? Certified Security Compliance Specialist (CSCS).  ? Certified HIPAA Professional (CHP).  ? VP of Communication with Toastmasters for 2013 year.  ? Knowledge of multiple workflow work management tools (i.e., Archer GRC SecOps, IBM  Resilience, Phantom, Splunk ES, Splunk Adaptive Response  ? Knowledge with NIST CyberSecurity Framework Work Experience T&I Controls Consultant/Contractor Deloitte April 2018 to August 2018 Responsibilities:  The IT Controls Monitoring & Assessment Program Expert is responsible for playing a lead role in the sustainment and expansion of the security program implemented to ensure that IT Controls are adequate,  operating effectively and being monitored to meet all required IT security controls.    ? Lead efforts in developing a program to align with industry standards and regulatory compliance  such as ISO 27001/27002, Cloud Security, SOC2, BITS, NIST, PCI DSS, HIPAA/HITECH, etc.  ? Review risks, threats, vulnerabilities and develop remediation plans in partnership with Legal, IT, Operations and other relevant groups.  ? Consults on other types of security (e.g., security architecture, secure development lifecycle, physical security issues) as needed. IT Security Business Analyst Consultant/Contractor Community Health System May 2016 to June 2016 Work consisted of and not limited to the following:  ? Worked with small business owners, reviewing company policies and processes  ? Improved data tracking accuracy and workgroup efficiency by automating manual processes.  ? Assisted with remediation of internal audit findings; identified application problems, developed  constructive solutions, and recommended specific courses of action.  o Generated reports from systems  o Performed validation according to pre-defined roles to identify last log-on, 90 day  inactivity, terminations, heightened roles, role-based exceptions. IT Operations Manager - Security - Business Performance Group Hospital Corporation of America (HCA) November 2012 to October 2015 Provided security account management guidelines for the CBO office and System support. Main areas of responsibility for IT Operations Support include daily functions for PSC (Physician Service Center)  providing a Customer Support call center for 650+ employees of which 200+ are Remote workers.  ? Managed diverse projects simultaneously; interfaced with Executive Leadership team, Director and managers and local IT teams to develop and execute implementation project plans.  ? Implemented user security and clinical applications.  ? Performed troubleshooting and resolved application/system issues.  ? Facility Information Security Officer for 2 years and became the liaison with Zone FISO to review  company policies and ISAMS to ensure accuracy and up to date.  ? Developed and Implemented ISAM (Information Security Access Management) polices and assisted with educating end users on identity management policies.  ? Implemented provision and removal of user access within AS400, Active Directory, & LDAP.  o Supported site to site VPN using IPsec and SSO solution for employees.  o Developed Role Base Templates for over 160 roles, strategically identifying application  access required for first day of hire.  o Led and implemented projects to maintain stable and reliable network operations to manage new security threats, disaster recovery, and patch management.  o Oversaw Group Policies, DFS, and Folder Redirections.  o Assisted with multiple teams to develop and deploy security, infrastructure, and user  management solutions.  o Assisted along with my Desktop support team with Network team on security, virus  protection, and backup operations; to ensure installs and regular maintenance for Cisco  firewalls & Cisco routers and ensured compliance with overall company security policy.  ? Assisted with pre- and post-Go Live support for eSAF, Kronos, eCW, Artiva, Access Control  System (badges).  ? Improved data tracking accuracy and workgroup efficiency by automating manual processes.  ? Assisted with remediation of internal audit findings; identified application problems, developed  constructive solutions, and recommended specific courses of action.  o Generated reports from systems  o Performed validation according to pre-defined roles to identify last log-on, 90 day  inactivity, terminations, heightened roles, role-based exceptions.  ? Assisted with Director to Identify key requirements necessary to separate IT support between HCAPS IT and Physician Service Center.    2  ? Manage three operational teams, setting expectations and metrics for Customer Support Call  Center, Security and Desktop Tech support.  ? Interim management over three additional teams of Telecom, Networking and Payer Website  administration.  ? Assisted by-annually Disaster Recovery mock up stations to ensure all business related applications  worked off-site for Customer Support teams. IT&S Security Analyst Team Lead- Hospital Consumer Assessment Hospital Corporation of America (HCA) January 2005 to November 2012 of Healthcare Providers and Systems (HCAPS)  ? Played major role as Lead in multiple projects to assist improvement in streamlining business  processes.  ? Fielded variety of issues and assisted team members with more difficult tasks.  ? Held role of the FISO (Facility Information Security Officer) which was a vital role in HCAPS's  adoption of eClinicalWorks.  o Performing user audits, user account creation, and change user roles.  o Played a vital role in the success of deploying eSAF project (Electronic Security Access  Form) which gave managers the ability to provision account creation for their employees, which expedited the process of on-boarding a new employee.  o During the eSAF project, it was important to coordinate with executives, project managers, internal clients, and even third party contractors.  o Ensured that Security standards, ISAM's and compliance policies are followed to assist  protecting patient data and the integrity of our company.  ? Primary Contact for all OnBase reported issues, includes but not limited to Third Party OnBase  queue, Workflow Configuration, creation of new OnBase groups, worked closely with OnBase  Administrator.  ? Deep understanding of ECW and able to assist in a variety of issues that involve our current PPMS  standard.  ? Managed HCAPS remote access software. This VPN solution is the primary way remote users can  access the HCA network.  ? Lead the project to replace Kronos time clocks with Kronos TEM software solution.  o Communicated status with managers and heads of departments.  ? Monitored Remedy tickets and assist users with Security related issues. Help Desk Analyst- HCAPS Hospital Corporation of America (HCA) September 2004 to January 2005 Hospital Consumer Assessment of Healthcare Providers and Systems)  ? Assisted users with a variety of issues ranging from Outlook to network outages.  ? Developed strong IT troubleshooting tools and skills.  ? Used Dameware daily to make user assistance quicker and more accurate.  ? Built strong relationships with Desktop Support, Information Security, and Implementations.  ? Developed a strong understanding of HCAPS function within HCA.  ? Worked directly with physicians, nurses, office managers, and other healthcare professionals.  Understanding each users function and needs allowed me to be successful and meet the customer's  expectations.  ? Built strong understanding of TCP/IP, network topology, and Windows XP.  ? OSM core was the primary PPMS system while on the help desk. Encountered daily issues with this  application.    3 Education New Horizons Learning Center 2000 to 2012 Skills SECURITY, SHAREPOINT, VPN, ACTIVE DIRECTORY, TCP, TCP/IP, REMEDY, MFA, SSO, AS400, MS PROJECT, VISIO, PROVISIONING, EXCEL, LAN Links http://linkedin.com/in/jennifferpayne Additional Information Areas of Expertise    ? TCP/IP ? eSAF ? FISO  ? VPN ? SRA ? MS Project  ? LAN ? Application Security ? Visio  ? WAN ? Provisioning/De- ? SharePoint  ? Active Directory Provisioning ? Excel  ? AS400 ? Remedy/SNOW ? Network  ? SSO/MFA ? Desktop Tech  ? Dameware Support