Information Security & Compliance Analyst Information <span class="hl">Security</span> &amp; Compliance <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Information Security & Compliance Analyst Boston, MA Highly motivated and curious professional with a unique blend of IT risk, cybersecurity, information security, data & business analysis, compliance & privacy experience. Strengths include excellent analytical, communication, and project management skills.    APRA, FRB, GDPR, ISO-27001, NIST 800-53, OCC, PCI-DSS, SEC, SOC, SOX and SSAE-18 reporting. Work Experience Information Security & Compliance Analyst HOUGHTON MIFFLIN HARCOURT - Boston, MA April 2019 to July 2019 • Collaborated and negotiated several customer contracts with IT, Legal & Contracts teams.  • Conducted IT Vendor Risk Assessments & wrote final risk reports.  • Edited various Info-Sec centric policies and standards.  • Collaborated with Compliance & Privacy team on enterprise security awareness training.    STATE STREET GLOBAL ADVISORS; GLOBAL EXCHANGE, Boston, MA  Global investment management firm; Investment Analytics Business/Data Analyst BDA December 2018 to March 2019 • Assisted with on-boarding & AML screening processes for large-scaled Integration project.  • Reviewed, re-wrote, & bolstered existing business controls and Know Your Customer (KYC) policies.  • Active member of the Risk Excellence Working Group.  • Collaborated with Business Controls, Contract Management for the Sales, Compliance, and Legal Teams. Technology Risk Management Analyst; Contractor JOHN HANCOCK - Boston, MA January 2018 to August 2018 • Conducted and managed vendor risk assessments and client questionnaires.  • Researched and reported on 3rd party risk management, information security and cybersecurity industry trends.  • Collaborated and communicated IT regulatory requirements to business units and key stakeholders. Senior Information Security & Compliance Analyst BAIN & COMPANY - Boston, MA October 2015 to November 2017 • Provided risk analysis and support for clients to ensure compliance to security policies and ISO-27001 and NIST 800-53 controls. Successfully completed 60+ security questionnaires for several Fortune 500 clients.  • Responsible for vendor relationships that provide tools, products and services spanning current and emerging technologies. Successfully completed 70+ technology vendor questionnaires.  • Liaison between Legal, Privacy, IT & Procurement work streams to negotiate contracts, SOWs and MSAs.    STATE STREET, Quincy, MA  Global investment management company. Assistant Vice President IT Risk & Compliance Advisory September 2014 to October 2015 • Identified applicable regulations, analyzed control environments, identified gaps in compliance, and tracked remediation plans. Regulatory expert for information technology ( IT).  • Provided weekly reports to senior management on international and domestic regulatory requirements.  • Maintained relationships with regulators and tracked exam or assessment status and follow-up items. IT Risk & Project Manager OMGEO - Boston, MA July 2013 to June 2014 Boston, MA  Division of the Depository Trust and Clearing Corporation (DTCC).  Operations experts, automating trade lifecycle events between investment managers and brokers.  IT Risk & Project Manager (07/13 - 06/14)  • Drove risk-prevention and remediation projects for internal, external, and SEC audits; liaised with a wide range of stakeholders on discovery, triage, scope, and prevention. Provided up-to-date reporting and research on developing risk areas and trends.  • Conducted external vendor and internal security risk analysis. Verified information provided by vendors; reviewed responses and analyzed data. Assigned risk ratings to vendors.  • Co-managed the global information and security awareness program; increased quarterly "Coffee Talk" participation by 20%; wrote newsletters and assisted with cyber security initiatives. Risk and Project Manager October 2010 to July 2013 • Orchestrated 50+ internal, external, SSAE-16, SOX, and SEC related technology audit findings.  • Managed risk-reduction project to identify risks, understand control environments, and track remediation plans. Subject-matter expert for Business Information Systems (BIS) team. Compliance Analyst June 2008 to October 2010 • Managed multiple internal, external, and SEC related audits resulting in 100% compliance.  • Active collaborator with Enterprise Risk Management (ERM), compliance, IT and vendor management teams. Project Coordinator October 2007 to June 2008 • Coordinated IT audit initiatives; wrote and implemented effective policies to meet or beat audit deadlines.  • Developed global communication plans and documentation for both technical and non-technical audiences. Education B.A. in Political Science SUNY Geneseo - Rochester, NY Risk Management George Washington University School of Business - Washington, DC