IT Security Analyst II <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> II IT Security Risk and Governance Analyst- Va Premier Richmond, VA To utilize my skills and obtain a challenging management position in Information  Technology Work Experience IT Security Analyst II Virginia Premier - Richmond, VA August 2017 to Present Network Communication Analyst Va Premier - Richmond, VA October 2014 to Present Network Communications Analyst is responsible for planning, implementing and maintaining the voice and data network infrastructure for all locations and specifically the VoIP telephone system components. The objective of these efforts is to provide a stable phone system that meets the needs of the business in a cost effective structure. Architect and implement Telephony/VoIP solution. Architect and implement resilient telephony infrastructure. Architect and implement resilient call center infrastructure. Business Continuity. Ensure resiliency of phone system related operations through implementation of technology. Check systems routinely to validate operations within required parameters and pursue remedial actions when degraded operation is indicated. Anticipate business driven capacity or capability changes with proactive system, software, license, or feature upgrades. Conduct testing, backup systems, and develop disaster recovery plans to minimize risk of outage or system failure. Generate telecommunications usage and inventory reports. Manage and administer network communications infrastructure and its associated software. Systems Administrator Networking Technologies and Support - Richmond, VA 2012 to 2014 Provide remote support for various clients. Basic functions are to install, configure and troubleshoot computer hardware. Install, configure, monitor, and manage software to remotely manage customer's systems environments. Installs, modifies and makes minor repairs to microcomputer hardware and software systems and provides technical assistance and training to system users. Required tasks are to create\modify\delete user accounts within Active Directory and Microsoft Exchange Console 2010. Tasked to schedule and maintain backups within Symantec Backup Exec 2012. IT Helpdesk Analyst Teksystems/Estes Express - Richmond, VA 2012 to 2012 Provide technical support to home office employees as well as 200 terminals. Use Active Directory to reset passwords, also to enable and disable user accounts. Create tickets on a Remedy ticketing system. Proficient with installing and troubleshoot printers on network as well as on mainframe system. Provide support for Microsoft Office application such as Word, Excel, and etc. Efficient, with remote assistance tools, as well as Citrix lockout tool. Migrate users from old domain to over to the new domain. IT Helpdesk Support/MAC Services Modis/Wells Fargo - Richmond, VA 2010 to 2012 Support Brokerage lines of business with troubleshooting fixes on user's computer. Use ITIL in the process for move add change request. PC hardware repair included replacing hard drives, screens, power supply and etc. Remotely install patches, software & Windows service packs. Remotely install windows upgrades. Troubleshoot application issues and functionality as connectivity. Setup network printers and provide support for Main frame password reset. Create profiles on company's Mainframe. Use NetOp or Secure Meeting for remote access. Perform routine maintenance with IE Bankruptcy Specialist Exclusive Staffing - Richmond, VA 2006 to 2010 Assisted with customer bankruptcy inquires in a diverse call center environment. Extensively monitored accounts for settlement price. Complete Spreadsheet documents for the update Bankruptcy acct. Customer Service/Online Service Representative Wachovia Bank - Richmond, VA 2003 to 2006 Assisted with customer inquires in a call center environment, Trouble shoot computer systems error. Assisted customers with Microsoft Money, Quicken, and QuickBooks etc; Increased customer banking relationships, while providing unmatched customer service Application Coordinator/Telephone Banking Associate Bank of America - Richmond, VA 1998 to 2003 Included skills and abilities to perform everything from processing loan applications, Collections, Credit analysis, Approving and declining loans, credit counseling, Data entry, problem solving and troubleshooting techniques. Performed three different types of responsibilities at Bank of America I received full exposure to the Business and Corporate systems that includes Lotus Notes, Microsoft Office and Outlook ECT Education Master's in Information Systems Strayer University-Virginia - Midlothian, VA 2015 to 2018 Bachelors of Science in Information Systems Security ITT Technical Institute - Richmond, VA September 2012 Associate's in Computer Networking Systems ITT Technical Institute - Richmond, VA July 2010 Additional Information QUALIFICATIONS:  • Expertise of PC hardware and Operating Systems  • Knowledge of OSI Model, TCP/IP, Ethernet, LAN, WAN, internetworking and basic telecommunications technologies  • Experience of simple network design and implementation  • Intermediate knowledge of programming database concepts  • Knowledge of network management  • Entry-level hands-on skills in router and switch configurations  • Entry-level hands-on skills in installing, maintaining and managing desktop/client operating systems (e.g. Microsoft and Linux)  • Written and oral communications skills  • Research skills  • Experience with Net-Op and Desktop Remote Access tool  • Experienced User of My Ed (Remote access for work from home users)  • Software installations such as Office, Smart Station, Lync communicator, Rumba, Symantec, and etc.  • Experienced in Active Directory (Creating domain name for new user)  • Frequent user of Traccs, Citrix base applications, Cisco and Uniphi phone system.