IT Security Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Professional South Park, PA Testing experience includes: UAT, Regression, Black Box, Mobile, Integration, back-end Database, developing and executing test cases using Microsoft Excel Spreadsheets. Technologies include: TFS, Oracle, Oracle EBS, Orion, Oracle ERP, Software, Microsoft Office 365, Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Power Point, Adobe Acrobat, Google Docs, Snagit, SharePoint, Salesforce, SQL Server, TFS, GIS, ArcGIS, Understanding of Agile, Understanding of ALM, 4 years of training teammates in previous jobs on how to use company software systems, 13 years of financial background -mortgage and title experience. Worked with BA's after the requirements were drawn and given to me to test the software. Strong analytical and problem solving skills. Work Experience IT Security Analyst University Of Phoenix College Student - Phoenix, AZ November 2018 to Present * I am currently attending this University full time to obtain my Associates Degree in Information Technology and Security. I then will go onto my Bachelors Degree in Cyber Security.  * I feel it is important to have a good degree I order to be successful in life. IT Professional Various contract work - South Park, PA March 2017 to Present working with customers and troubleshooting technical issues, using Microsoft excel spreadsheets to collect data, power point, Orion, track bugs, and resolve existing technical issues. Database Administrator Project Accessible Recovery Services, Inc - McCandless, PA February 2017 to March 2017 Temporary Contract)    • Designed applications for the company to use along with programs to help auto populate data.  • Utilized pivot tables to simplify the data collected in order show the volume of patients seen by doctors, on a weekly/monthly basis.  • Utilized Google docs, Google Spreadsheets to collect and track data.  • Presented different programs to use to cut down on the time spent doing manual entries.    Skills: UAT and Regression Testing of different software systems that would accept an application to auto populate data in a Adobe Acrobat format, Google Docs, Google Spreadsheets. Microsoft Excel Spread Sheet were used to for each segment of the application being tested. QA Analyst Giant Eagle, Inc - Fox Chapel, PA January 2016 to June 2016 Contract)    • Tested software applications on Android mobile devices.  • Compared images from the mobile device to what is shown on the desktop computer; ensuring images match up exactly.  • Tracked and captured defects on an Excel Bug Tracker.  • Performed Black Box and User Acceptance (UAT) Testing.  • Tested Giant Eagle based applications as well as Microsoft Office 365 application on the android mobile devices.  • Developed test cases for the applications with known issues.  • Attended weekly status meetings for updates on the software and the applications functionality.  • Utilized applications such as Soti the company's main software program on the desktop.  • Performed Regression testing and worked closely with developers on defects in software.  • Verified codes in Oracle to make sure they are correct and closing out cases that have been resolved in Salesforce.  • Worked with Dax and AR systems. Experience working with TFS.  • Performed Test Execution and Defect Tracking.  * Handed requirements from BA'a in order to test the software.  • Performed back-end database testing.  • Handled multiple projects and met required deadlines.    Skills: Mobile Backend Testing, UAT, Regression testing on mobile android device through dev site in Microsoft and Microsoft Office 365, ran queries through Oracle for any issues or problems, used TFS and Salesforce to resolve any outstanding issues. Microsoft Excel Spread Sheet was designed for a bug tracker as well as test cases for each segment for testing. Worked with developers on site and via email for any unresolved issues. QA Tester Markwest Energy Partners - Canonsburg, PA September 2014 to June 2015 - contract    • Member of a large QA team responsible for testing the GeoAmps system implementation project.  • Analyzed and tested software program including SQL Server, Chrome, Oracle.  • Performed Black Box and User Acceptance (UAT) Testing. Manual Testing with some automation.  • Performed SharePoint integration and regression testing.  • Developed test cases on a weekly basis.  • Executed test cases and tracked defects.  * ArcGIS and GIS was also tested in the software system used to track the pipelines being used and new ones being placed into the ground and tested both systems to make sure the functionality of the systems were running efficiently  * Utilized Pivot Tables to collect data related to the system implementation.  • Utilized Excel Bug Tracker software to document and track defects found in test scripts during software testing process including capturing defect images.  • Generated weekly reports to reflect the progression of testing each week.  • Trained team on how to use and test the software properly.  • Communicated weekly with developers to resolve defects.  • Performed back-end database testing. Handled multiple projects and met required deadlines.    Skills: Manual Blackbox backend testing, Regression and UAT Testing on a company-based software system designed for the company only. Briefly used SQL and Automation to run tests through software system a trial run. Used Oracle and Oracle EBS to test software system. Used SharePoint for the documentation that was collected from the test cases added to the system. Used ArcGIS and GIS to track pipelines being used and new ones being placed into the ground and tested both systems to make sure the functionality of the systems were running efficiently. Microsoft Excel Spread Sheet was designed for a bug tracker as well as test cases for each segment for testing. Worked with developers on site and via email for any unresolved issues. QA Tester Chevron, Moon Township, PA February 2012 to February 2014 - contract    • Manual testing of software and SharePoint integration testing.  • Documented defects found in software during the testing process.  • Captured defect images to better describe the issues.  • Performed Regression testing to make sure that the SharePoint site was functioning correctly.  • Performed Black Box and User Acceptance (UAT) testing.  • Generated weekly status reports. Performed back-end database testing. Handled multiple projects and met required deadlines.  * GIS was also tested in the software system used to track the oil and gas wells being used and new ones being drilled and tested the system to make sure the functionality of the system were running efficiently.    Skills: Manual Blackbox backend testing, UAT and Regression Testing of the SharePoint site, making sure that the data that was uploaded to SharePoint was uploaded correctly and there were no bugs present. Excel Spread Sheet was designed for a bug tracker as well as test cases for each segment for testing. GIS was also tested in the software system used to track the oil and gas wells being used and new ones being drilled and tested the system to make sure the functionality of the system were running efficiently. Title Clearance Specialist LSI Title Agency, Moon Township, PA December 2008 to February 2012 • Reviewing title commitments for old liens on the property.  • Contacting the borrowers for necessary documentation such as paid in full letters to clear the title work for closing. Title Clearance Specialist & Closing Specialist LandAmerica OneStop, Moon Township, PA June 2005 to December 2008 • Title Clearance Specialist & Closing Specialist Reviewing title commitments for old liens on the property in order to clear the title for closing.  • Preparing the mortgage documents and HUD statement for closing.  • Adding closing fees to the HUD statement as well as notifying the notary of the closing, reviewing the closing documents with the notary and emailing the notary the closing package before closing. Education Associates Degree University of Phoenix Skills access, Security, testing Certifications/Licenses Driver's License