Business Information Security Consultant Business Information <span class="hl">Security</span> Consultant Business Information Security Consultant - HYBRID PATHWAYS Somers, CT Work Experience Business Information Security Consultant HYBRID PATHWAYS - Hartford, CT April 2019 to Present Consultant to Fortune 100 CIO, acting on behalf of the CISO, to provide information risk understanding and enable sound decision making through the development and maintenance of risk assessments built on the FAIR Methodology. Enable Information risk management by working collaboratively with business partners and corporate information risk program to identify, prioritize and mitigate information risks. Act as a trusted advisor to the line of business as an extended member of the CIO leadership team. Active member of cybersecurity, policy and controls, security awareness, and software project teams. DIRECTOR, CUSTOMER ONBOARDING AND TRAINING Cofense - Leesburg, VA May 2015 to April 2019 Managed 2 teams specializing in growing new and existing client relationships, including training and onboarding for phishing defense and security products and services. Directed and established advanced training team for IT security  products and the development team that built the customer online community.  Key Accomplishments:  • Achieved 100 percent customer satisfaction rating for 2,073 completed trainings over a 3-year period.  • Succeeded in a greater than 75 percent training success rate, which exceeded industry standards.  • Directly contributed to 90 percent first-year customer retention rate via customer training and online community  engagement.  • Built the Cofense online peer-to-peer community, including discussion boards, support chat, and product feature  discussions, resulting in 17% reduction in support tickets through self-service. SENIOR CLIENT ENGAGEMENT MANAGER Cofense - Leesburg, VA March 2014 to April 2015 Administered large IT security portfolio of clients, including client engagement, relationship management, product  implementation, risk assessment, and training. Services included IT security program risk assessment analytics for clients and security scenario execution to reduce phishing susceptibility.  Key Accomplishments:  • Managed portfolio of 20-30 Fortune 500+ companies.  • Created custom phishing defense programs to manage organizational security risk to decrease phishing  susceptibility. PROGRAM MANAGER/SR. IT COMPLIANCE ANALYST THE HARTFORD - Hartford, CT May 2006 to February 2014 Hartford, CT • 5/2006 - 2/2014  Security Awareness, Policy Development, Privacy, Compliance, Security Solutions  PROGRAM MANAGER/SR. IT COMPLIANCE ANALYST  Executed IT security awareness programs, consisting of relationship management, policy development and management, incident review, security risk assessments and recommendations, and program delivery. Developed and delivered program  messaging across company divisions through presentations, written articles, and road shows. Reviewed security incidents for regulatory compliance reporting obligations and conducted remediation efforts.  Key Accomplishments:  • Collaborated on the company's Information Protection Manager Program that reviewed adherence to legal, regulatory, and compliance policies and conducted remediation.  • Created and instituted security awareness program for over 20,000 employees annually, including in person and online trainings and webinars.  • Oversaw implementation of multiple IT security projects, including Laptop Encryption Data Loss Prevention, Logon  ID Evaluation, Archer Acquisition and Implementation, Mainframe RACF Remediation, Shared Folders Remediation, and Annual Penetration Testing and Remediation.  • Recognized with the RSA Award for Archer Program Excellence and the Hartford Chairman's Award for Laptop  Encryption Deployment Education Juris Doctor WESTERN NEW ENGLAND SCHOOL OF LAW - Springfield, MA Bachelor of Science in Business Administration in Business Administration UNIVERSITY OF HARTFORD - Hartford, CT Skills Security, Relationship management, Risk assessment, Policy development, Process improvement Links http://linkedin.com/in/dianagarciajd Certifications/Licenses CISSP Assessments Management & Leadership Skills: Impact & Influence — Highly Proficient December 2018 Measures a candidate's ability to adapt their leadership style to accomplish goals using rational or emotional appeal. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/d2scsjfdkl-uaqbb Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.