Sr IT Network Architect Sr <span class="hl">IT</span> Network Architect Sr IT Network Architect - Summit works Technologies Inc Harrisburg, PA Highly experienced hands on Network Architect/Engineer consultant with more than 15+ years of professional experience in various roles of Individual contributor, SME and Leading teams. A hardworking, high energy and focused team player who analyzes and solves complex problems in a time bound manner. Experienced in both conceptual design and hands on implementation of advanced networking technologies for large corporations, including Fortune 500 companies like HP, ANZ Bank, IBM, NiSource    ? Over 19 years of progressive experience in Networking and Security domain with past 8 + Years in Architecture / Design/ Strategy.  ? Actively participated in all phases of Security and LAN/WAN projects viz. need/ requirement analysis, network design, product selection & evaluation, technical & commercial negotiations, vendor management, network implementation, management & administration.  ? Good experience with small and large Greenfield and Brownfield Projects. This includes designing/re-engineering existing Network Infrastructure (Routing/switching/Firewall/Load balancers etc) for Main Office and Branch office involving connectivity solution.  ? Expertise in independently handling all phases of Project implementation for Network Security Solutions starting from availability of Physical facility for data center/server room, structured cabling, positioning of racks/devices, configuration of network equipment, testing and management thereof.  ? Excellent communication and customer service skills with Independent problem solving and good team player with strong interpersonal skills  ? Expertise in Designing and Administration of TCP/IP Network Design, Implementation, system integration, management and troubleshooting of complex multi-protocol (EIGRP, OSPF, BGP), multi-vendor IP Routed / IP Switched LAN  ? Expertise in setting up Cisco WLAN Infrastructure with LWAP and Controller based Solution.  ? Extensive experience in working with various WAN technologies like private leased circuits, Frame relay, ATM and MPLS with emphasis on commissioning and using the T1's, DS-3 and E1 circuits, modems, BERT meters in case of troubleshooting circuits.  ? Good experience with multi vendor Voice Infrastructure Solutions like Cisco VoIP, Nortel FR switch transport across WAN with Avaya G3R and IP Telephony solution using Avaya server and Cisco LAN/WAN Infrastructure with due conformance to security policy.  ? Expertise in Designing, implementation and administration of VPN Concentrators and Firewall's from VPN3000, Cisco ASA, Cisco 5500X, NGFW Firepower FTD, NGIPS, and Checkpoint.  ? Good knowledge of common application layer protocols like HTTP, FTP, SSH, Telnet, SMTP, SNMP and other Network protocols.  ? Expertise in functional areas of Customer Support, Systems Management & Network Management involving close interaction with NOC  ? Good experience with Various NMS like Cisco Works, WhatsupGold, Concord, Visual Uptime and various SNMP monitoring tools for managing the Network devices and Firewall.  ? Expertise in preparing technical reports, client presentations, design documentation, and manuals along with experience in maintaining the diagram of the physical and virtual network of the network using MS Visio.  ? Flexible and continuous learner, excellent communicator, works well in team environment, appreciates challenge, comfortable and effective working in new areas that require experimentation and rapid problem solving. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr IT Network Architect Summit works Technologies Inc July 2007 to Present Responsibilities:  ? Lead Architect engineer for Designing the Network and Security Infrastructure for IBM and its customer including the core VPN infrastructure, site perimeter firewalls and remote access VPN including migration of services form PIX to ASA at both Headend & Various Remote locations.  ? Key Architect engineer for the Network segmentation Project based on changing security requirements involving setting up segmented SCADA infrastructure from the Corporate Network across the Infrastructure.  ? Lead Architect / Engineer in designing and deployed the Enterprise Wi-Fi solution involving Cisco WLC /WAP for employee and Guest access  ? Played a key role in the team of network architects migrating the services off from Cisco ACS to Cisco ISE for both Wireless and wired network Infrastructure.  ? Lead Architect engineer for Designing, Deploying and administration of the Cisco Prime Infrastructure in the Enterprise for centralized management and visibility of the network elements  ? Re-engineering the existing Network connectivity between various client locations to ensure better connectivity, redundancy and resiliency of the Network.  ? Key member in designing, performing refresh and guiding the refresh team along with the PM for refresh of the identified network equipment (Router, Switches, Firewalls and other networking gear as identified) for better service based on contractual agreements  ? Architected and implemented the separation project as part of the Design team - Separation of CPG from NiSource and merger with TransCanada which involved setting up two brand New Data center and integrating that with existing upgraded Data center for each of the entities.  ? Develop Technical Solution Design document for securing Network Infrastructure and other IT infrastructure as per customer requirement.  ? Leading the team for the bi-annual Disaster recovery testing for all the key services and applications in the Infrastructure  ? Designed a lab for various equipment testing and solution Proof of Concept. This involves testing various platforms and software's to see how well they will meet our requirement. This also involves doing a proof of concept testing of a proposed solution to the customer before deploying the same in production environment.  ? Gathering requirement from the Business for Designing and implementing secured Network infrastructure Projects to ensure highest reliability and availability as per business need.  ? Co-Ordinating and working closely with the Project Managers, Field Engineer, Network Operation Center, Service Provider, Vendors, and various business stakeholders to ensure smooth and timely rollout of any Network/ Security Infra Projects.  ? Vendor management viz vendor and product evaluation, selection and Working closely with various Vendors to ensure timely delivery of the equipment / services  ? Datacenter restructuring and migration to accommodate additional servers.  ? Implementing and Upgrading the Branch office to Verizon's MPLS Infrastructure from the standard leased lines across diverse location of Nisource using BGP and OSPF.  ? Addressing the issues reported by its customers and prospective customers of IBM Network Services along with providing Production support for critical Network Infrastructure involving support the Routed/Switched, Firewall Infrastructure involving Creating and modifying the configuration, rules and policies in the firewall as required.  ? Part of the CIRAT team which essentially ensures that any security update that needs to go in to the network infrastructure is taken care of accordingly firmware /software updates, patches etc are taken care by the respective team.  ? To work closely with the audit team to identify vulnerabilities and accordingly mitigate the risks thereof.  ? Were involved in recruitment of team members by conducting the technical interview and selecting the appropriate candidate based on his technical and team player skills.  ? Would attend the Change management meetings and represent the network team for any changes planned up and accordingly justify the same to the various stakeholders from other technical teams to impacted business units.  ? Developing the Remote access strategy encompassing remote VPN, WiFi connectivity and managing the same using MobileIron.  ? Working closely with various teams to develop the overall strategy towards Secure Integrated and redundant Voice and data solution encompassing Cellular Infrastructure, VSATS, microwave, regular LAN and WiFi solutions.  Environment: Cisco routers, Switches, Firewalls ASA, VPN Concentrator, ASDM, NGFW , F5 3DNS, F5 GTM, Checkpoint/Nokia Firewalls, Cisco ACE Content switches, Riverbed WAN Accelerator, QIP, Infoblox Server, Cisco Wireless LAN Controller and WAP , Cisco Prime Infrastructure, Cisco ISE, Ekahau Site Survey Software, VoWiFi, Cisco Security Manager, Mobileiron etc. Technical Consultant Australia New Zealand Bank Ltd May 2006 to June 2007 Responsibilities:  ? Planning, designing and implementation of Secure Network Infrastructures and re-engineering existing infrastructure as per Business requirement.  ? Designing and Implementing solution comprising vendor gears and solution from Cisco,  Checkpoint, Nokia Radware, Nortel and Avaya Telephony Solution  ? Customer engagement in Requirement Analysis, Network Design, Product selection & evaluation to provide a secure, robust, scalable and redundant solution.  ? Techno-commercial decisions about the Products, Technology and WAN links in the Solution design and all the processes involved in procuring the same.  ? Co-ordination across geographies with different Vendors, Project Managers, Businesses and other Technical resource community to accomplish the Project Goals.  ? Negotiation with various vendors (viz- Cisco, Avaya, Nortel, Systimax etc) for product selection to meet the technical design requirement in place.  ? Working closely with the various teams viz Procurement, Asset, Helpdesk, Server, Desktop, Passive, Vendors and Project delivery team to ensure smooth and timely implementation.  ? Administration of the Firewall Complex using Provider-1 and CMA's for multiple firewall environment.  ? Making Changes to Global Policies, Rule Database and NAT rules in Core Firewall Complex to implement new projects in the Firewall Complex.  ? Setting up secure communication path across the firewall infrastructure which involves configuration of Checkpoint Firewall using Provider-1, Radware WSD and DNS configurations.  ? Setting up Infrastructure for Remote office connectivity for Mobile users using Solution from Checkpoint VPN Gateways and Secure client integrated with OPSEC RSA servers and Secure ID token authentication.  ? Lead the team in discussing the Firewall design solution and any re-engineering thereof including software (IPSO)/ hardware (Nokia Platform) upgrade suggestions.  ? Configuring Radware for load balancing the extranet/intranet and e-commerce traffic.  ? Basic administration of IP telephony solution from Avaya on a Cisco switched Infrastructure using S8700 server and G700/G650 Gateways ensuring conformance to the organization security policy.  ? Documenting the Network design, Responsibility & Escalation matrix to ensure clarity on design and Support roles and responsibilities  ? Supporting the Network Infrastructure up till its smooth transitioning to Network Operations and NOC team across geographies of India and Australia.  Environment: Routing, switching, VPN Tunneling, Firewall Policies with Routers and switches from Cisco, Checkpoint/ Nokia and Cyberguard. Load Balancers from Radware. VoIP solution from Avaya S8700, S8300 and G700 voice gateways. NMS Tools like CA Concord and Ticketing tools from AHD. Network Security Consultant Hewlett Packard - IN July 2002 to May 2006 Responsibilities:  ? Planning, design and implementation of Network and Security infrastructures comprising of both Data / Voice connectivity in a multi vendor environment.  ? Lead the team in discussing the technical design solution (both internal and new customer engagement) and help freeze on the secure data & voice connectivity solution.  ? Implementation and configuration of the Network (Routers, Switches, WAN Links, Firewall etc) ensuring conformance to the Network design and security Guidelines agreed by the client.  ? Documenting Network design, Responsibility matrix, Escalation matrix (both technical and Business) to ensure clarity on design, roles and responsibilities.  ? Coordinating and working closely with the various teams viz Procurement, Cabling, Equipment and Link Vendors, Server, Desktop, Asset, Helpdesk, Project delivery team to ensure smooth and timely implementation of IT Infrastructure.  ? Managing and Supporting the Network and Security Infrastructure involving Data, Voice and Security.  ? Handling of escalated calls to the Network team (involving Data, firewall and voice) by providing speedy & effective solution.  ? Setting up VPN Infrastructure for third party connectivity to HP's external customers.  ? Collecting the logs from the Cisco PIX Firewall and the Cisco 6500 Modular IDS and analyzing the same for any anomalies and correction thereof, including regular signature updates etc.  ? Inventory management of the network devices for the capacity planning. Project Implementation of Cisco Works in Network involving requirement analysis, procurement of hardware/software, installation, configuration and optimization of the same.  ? Project Sign off for existing and new Projects, SLA discussions, agreement on it, documentation of the same and final sign-off.  ? Adhering to Network SLA contracts and providing resolution within the stipulated time and Finding Root Cause Analysis for the repetitive incidents in the Network.  ? Ensure that network infrastructure is compliant in accordance with security, environmental and all other organizational policies to ensure efficient service operations.  ? Working closely with the Quality and Audit Team to ensure compliance as per BS7799 audit  Environment: Routing, switching, VPN Tunneling, Firewall Policies with Routers and switches from Cisco, HP Procurve, Nortel, Riverstone, Cabletron, Firewalls and IDS/IPS from Cisco,  Watchguard and Nokia. Packetshapers from Packeteer. Tools like HP Openview, Cisco Works, Solarwinds, WhatsUpGold, Remedy etc Level 2 RTAC Engineer Digital Globalsoft October 2000 to July 2002 Responsibilities:  ? To provide technical support to the worldwide customer base of Riverstone Networks through RTAC  ? The support essentially involves support for all protocols and technology related issues , which can range from Routing issues which includes both interior and exterior routing protocols like RIP, OSPF, IS-IS, IBGP and EBGP.  ? Switching issues: which can range from VLAN's, VLAN aggregation, Stackable VLAN/VLAN Translation issues(as most of the customer are MSP's), GVRP etc  ? WAN issues: WAN technologies like clear channel and channelized T1/T3 and E1/E3, Frame relay, Serial interface, HSSI interfaces, PPP, MLPPP, ATM and PoS along with other cutting edge technologies like MPLS  ? Troubleshoot the customer networks problems related to Riverstone boxes and also any interoperability issues with major vendors like Cisco, Juniper and Extreme. Reproduce the issue in the Multimillion LAB and provide customer with solutions.  ? Work on New Code release for any potential Bugs , will reproduce and escalate to Engineering for a Bug fix or a Patch release.  ? Working closely with the local SE(sales Engineers), Engineering team of different regions worldwide for the final resoultion of the customer issue.  ? Work with the customer in time framed maintenance windows for up-gradation & deployment of changes.  Environment: Cisco 2900 Switches, Cisco 3500 routers, Windows NT Server, MS Exchange, Clarify, PC Anywhere and GE specific applications. Analyst IProcess June 2000 to October 2000 Responsibilities:  ? Maintaining and administering the IProcess and GERCD Network located in Niskayuna, USA  ? Providing support to the Iprocess network which involved configuring the Cisco Routers and Switches for new floors or any expansion thereof.  ? Providing Level 1 and 2 remote network support of Windows NT, 95 / 98, MS Exchange, Outlook, GE Extend , VPN and other process specific applications • Working with the Citrix server and Creating a clarify database case.  ? Taking remote control of customers desktop using PC Anywhere (Incase customer cannot solve the problem.)  ? Working with second level support team i.e., onsite support team to resolve the problem  Environment: RS/SSR8000, 3000, 1000 series, 15000 series and Spectrum NMS Network Engineer Karrox Technologies Pvt limited - Mumbai, Maharashtra June 1999 to June 2000 Responsibilities:  ? Maintenance of NT network with 150 nodes and 3 NT servers and 1 Novell Server  ? Implementation and configuration of Local Area Networks, all types of Software  ? Impart training to the IT -Network division of corporate clients like Citicorp(India), OTIS Elevators (India) etc.  ? Troubleshooting network problems involving Win2k, Windows NT and some Novell Servers  ? Courseware development and In-House Upgradation of relevant Networking Technologies  Environment: Cisco 2900 Switch, DLink Hubs, Windows 2000 Server, Windows NT Server, Novell Server Education Masters of Science in Information Technology Sikkim Manipal University Present Diploma in application and management Gandhi Institute of Technology and Management Bachelor in Business Management University Affiliation - Visakhapatnam, Andhra Pradesh BBS in Information science Gandhi Institute of Technology and Management - Visakhapatnam, Andhra Pradesh Post Graduate Diploma in Information Technology ACTS Institute Skills CISCO (10+ years), VPN (10+ years), SECURITY (10+ years), FIREWALLS (10+ years), MPLS (10+ years) Additional Information Technical Skill Set:    Routing Protocols: EIGRP, OSPF, ISIS, BGP, Policy based routing, MPLS  Switching: Vlan, VTP, STP, Link Aggregation, Port-channel, vPC, HSRP  Cisco products: Router: Cisco 7206 VXR, Cisco ISR 2901, 2911, 2921, 3925E,  3945, 4331, ASR1001/2 Multi-layer  Switches: 1900, 2950, 3550, 3560, 3750, 3850,4500, 6500, 6500 Cisco Nexus Series Switches 7000, 5000, 2000 series  Wireless Products: Aironet 1100, 1240, 1252, 1262, 3502, 3602, 3702  Cisco Wireless Controller - 5520, 5508, 2100, 2504 WCS, Cisco PI, MSE, Ekahau Site Survey PRO and AirMagnet Wi-Fi Survey tool.  Riverstone Products  Routers: RS Smart Switch Routers: RS2000, S3000, RS8000, 8600 & RS38000  Switches: Enterasys Matrix series, SS2000, 2200, 6000  Nortel: Nortel Passport 7400 carrier switches, Device Manager Nortel Accelar switches 8000 Series.  Avaya: S8700 Server, G650 and G700 gateway and IP Phones  Security: IPsec Site to Site, DMVPN, FlexVPN, GRE, Remote access VPNs,  Stateful Firewalls, Remote access VPN both legacy and Cisco Anyconnect  Security products: Cisco PIX 515, 525, Cisco PIX 525, ASA 5540/20/10/05, NGFW ASA 5515-X, 5525-X 5550, ASA5555-X, Firepower, NGIPS, Cisco WSA, Checkpoint Gateway and Provider 1, Cisco IDS 4k and Next Gen IPS.  Converged Access: Cisco ACS 4.2, 5.1, 5.2, 5.4, Cisco ISE - 802.1x, MAB Application Delivery: Radware WSD, F5 3 DNS, F5 GTM and LTM, Riverbed Controllers/LB  Traffic Shapers: Packet Shaper 4500, Packet Shaper 2000 and iBahn.  Operating System: MS Windows, Redhat L inux and CentOS  NMS: Cisco Prime Infrastructure, HP OV, Solar winds, WhatsupGold, Cisco works, Concord, IBM Tivoli, Visual uptime.  Network Diag Tools: Sniffer Pro, IXIA Traffic Gen, Wireshark, Solarwinds, Visual IT, Concord  Ticketing system: HPOVSD, Clarify, AHD, Remedy, IBM Inernal Maximo/TSRM