Information Security Architect Information <span class="hl">Security</span> Architect Information Security Architect - FTS International, LLC Fort Worth, TX Experienced IT Security professional seeking a position leading IT Security, Regulatory Compliance, Disaster Recovery, and other IT Risk Management initiatives in the Dallas/Fort Worth, Texas area. 15+ years' successful experience, assuring Information Security, Business Continuity and Regulatory Compliance within highly matrixed organizations. 8+ years' experience managing highly effective technical teams in the Academic, Travel/Hospitality, Retail, and Petroleum Industries. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Information Security Architect FTS International, Inc. - Fort Worth, TX September 2011 to Present Reporting to the V.P. of Information Technology, serve as a security expert in application development, database design, network and/or platform (operating system) efforts, helping project teams comply with enterprise and IT security policies, industry regulations, and best practices.  • Provide Information Security and Regulatory Compliance guidance to company leadership, technical and non-technical staff.  • Manage vendor relations, and provide architectural/engineering guidance for MSSP (Dell SecureWorks) implementation and ongoing engagement.  • Reduced Information Security Program Annual Operating Expenses by $340K, with no loss in coverage.  • Manage external PKI, ARIN registration, and external DNS.  • Provide support for Sourcefire (IPS), Imperva SecureSphere (WAF/DAM/FAM/SPT), Web Filtering, and Axway Secure Transport systems.  • Provide support to IT groups as an Information Security and Root Cause Analysis SME (Subject Matter Expert) throughout all IT project and post-production life cycle phases.  • Evaluate policy and standard exception requests.  • Provide SOX/HIPAA/NACHA/PCI and multi-state PII/SPI regulatory requirements review and compliance design for new projects.  • Review Architecture and SSAE 16 SOC, ISO27001, & PCI documentation for all On-Premise applications and SaaS/IaaS/PaaS providers.  • Mentor 5 member FTE IT Security team in areas of Security Engineering & Analysis, Regulatory Compliance, and Access Control.  • Serve as key member of IT Architecture Competency Center, IT Resources Board, and Change Advisory Board groups.  • Provide eDiscovery and Forensics services to internal Legal and Investigation teams. Sr. IT Security Analyst, MSI-Information Security Group MICHAELS STORES, INC - Irving, TX July 2009 to September 2011 Reporting to the Director of IT Infrastructure, served as IT Project Manager for all audit related activities, including PCI, SOX, and HIPAA. Coordinated all necessary compliance remediation activities.  • Served on the MSI Architecture team, reviewed and re-architected solutions where necessary to provide PCI, SOX, and HIPAA HITECH 2009 compliant solutions.  • Served as the IT Security representative on the Incident Response Team, co-teaming with Legal, Loss Prevention, Verizon Business Forensics, & Law Enforcement during investigations.  • Served as assistant Disaster Recovery Coordinator during annual DR program exercises.  • Monitored IDS/WIPS systems, firewall and systems logs and vulnerability scanning tools; provided log file analysis, incident containment, escalation, and remediation where appropriate.  • Represented Michaels Stores, Inc. at the National level, participating in the National Retail Federation Privacy Working Group.  • Authored and Maintained IT Security Policy for the enterprise.  • Provided oversight of all existing information security systems and provided technical direction to security support team, consisting of 2 FT offshore contractors, & co-teamed with 1 FT onsite PCI consultant. Application Security Review Consultant VERIZON BUSINESS SERVICES - Richardson, TX April 2007 to April 2009 InfoVision Consultants, Inc. (4/2007-4/2009)    • Reporting to the Manager of IT Application Security, conducted application security reviews and audit assessments of internally and externally developed Verizon Business Services applications for compliance with Verizon IT Security policies, procedures and standards.  • Collected and reviewed PLP documents, firewall rules, and documented the Security Architecture for each application.  • Ensured that security controls used within the application, its data transmission and storage methods were consistent with the data classification for that application, and that acceptable identification and authentication controls were used.  • Assisted development teams in the US, UK, DE, FR & IN, re-architecting the application where necessary to gain compliance with internal security policy.  • Collected remediation plans from project teams for non-compliant applications, secured executive signoff prior to review completion, and audited progress on vulnerability remediation after completing the review. Manager, Security Architecture and Disaster Recovery CLUBCORP Corporate Headquarters - Dallas, TX April 2003 to December 2006 • Reporting to the VP of Systems Operations, served as IT Security subject matter expert on all new business projects in a 170 location/18,000 employee environment, ensured that delivered solutions complied with PII, SOX and HIPAA requirements.  • Performed vendor security reviews, internal vulnerability assessments, penetration testing, and network/system forensics; identified over 30 vendor relationships and processes which posed high threat levels to ClubCorp and worked with business project managers to select acceptable processes and vendors.  • Managed budgets, vendor relations, and contract administration for Security Architecture and Disaster Recovery cost centers; completed projects on time and according to planned budget.  • Led offsite teams during annual parallel Disaster Recovery tests in Philadelphia – ensured that vendor delivered service according to contractual obligations, and that test teams conducted the exercise according to approved recovery plans.  • Installed and administered centralized BASE/Snort IDS system, and installed/administered TripWire change monitoring system. Infrastructure Architect, Consultant CLUBCORP Corporate Headquarters (Sapphire Technologies) - Dallas, TX December 2002 to April 2003 Reporting to the VP of Systems Operations, served as IT Security subject matter expert on all new business projects in 170 location/18,000 employee environment, ensured that delivered solutions complied with PII, SOX and HIPAA requirements.  • Performed vendor security reviews, internal vulnerability assessments, penetration testing, and network/system forensics; identified over 30 vendor relationships and processes which posed high threat levels to ClubCorp and worked with business project managers to select acceptable processes and vendors.  • Managed budgets, vendor relations, and contract administration for Security Architecture and Disaster Recovery cost centers; completed projects on time and according to planned budget.  • Led offsite teams during annual parallel Disaster Recovery tests in Philadelphia - ensured that vendor delivered service according to contractual obligations, and that test teams conducted the exercise according to approved recovery plans.  • Installed and administered centralized BASE/Snort IDS system, and installed/administered TripWire change monitoring system. Sr. UNIX Administrator/Jr. DBA, Product Development Group TRAVELOCITY.COM, World Headquarters, Systems Group - Fort Worth, TX August 2001 to December 2002 • Supported an international user base of over 500 developers in the U.S., Australia, Japan, and Singapore. Served as Intranet Webmaster for development systems and maintained Travelocity's internal website.  • Served as ClearCase and CVS administrator for the Product Development Group.  • Served on Product Development Group IT Security Team.  • Supervised 4 FTE Unix administrators in HQ and field operations. Sr. UNIX Administrator, Consultant TRAVELOCITY.COM, World Headquarters (North Resources, Inc) - Fort Worth, TX May 2001 to August 2001 • Supported an international user base of over 500 developers in the U.S., Australia, Japan, and Singapore. Served as Intranet Webmaster for development systems and maintained Travelocity's internal website.  • Served as ClearCase and CVS administrator for the Product Development Group.  • Served on Product Development Group IT Security Team.  • Supervised 4 FTE Unix administrators in HQ and field operations. Education Associate in Arts in Arts and Sciences (Music and Business Administration) Mountain View College - Dallas, TX January 1981 to May 1987 Master of Science in Library Science University of North Texas - Denton, TX Bachelor of Arts in Music History and Literature Loyola University - New Orleans, LA Skills Information Security (10+ years), Disaster Recovery (10+ years), Information Security Architecture (10+ years), AWS (1 year), Azure (2 years), Sourcefire IPS (6 years), Fortigate (2 years), Imperva WAF (6 years), Imperva FAM (6 years), Imperva DAM (6 years), Nessus (10+ years), Qualys (9 years), Management (9 years), Microsoft o365 Security and Compliance Center (2 years), Wireshark (9 years), Linux (10+ years), HIPAA HITECH 2009 (8 years), PCI DSS (10+ years), Sarbanes Oxley (10+ years), GDPR (1 year), Vendor Security Assessments (10+ years) Certifications/Licenses CISSP December 2006 SourceFire Certified Professional (SFCP) August 2012 to August 2014 Additional Information AREAS OF EXPERTISE:    • Systems and Network Security Architecture   • Business Continuity/Disaster Recovery  • Team and Project Leadership   • Security Policy Design/Implementation  • Multi-System Root Cause Analysis   • Systems Documentation  • Vendor & Application Security Assessment   • IT Security Program Management  • PCI/SOX/HIPAA HITECH/PII Compliance   • Vulnerability Assessment & Mitigation