Sr. IT Security Analyst Sr. <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Sr. IT Security Analyst Work Experience Sr. IT Security Analyst NRI SecureTechnologies - Irvine, CA May 2018 to August 2019 • Cyber Security Incident Handling as Tier 2 analyst. and research new Indicator of Compromise (IoC) and update the SIEM contents.  • Evaluate, recommend, and design new security architecture and operational capabilities for customer.  • Plan and deliver POC phase of Security Operations to mid to large scale US customers. (300-600 employees)    Achievement  • Managed two largest accounts as a Technical Account Manager. Sr. Project Manager, Business Application and Services Fujitsu America - New York, NY March 2017 to May 2018 • Finalize Scope of Work (SOW), discuss project approach with customers, partners or other internal delivery organizations, and check deliverables and actual project delivery contents.  • Support IoT and Cloud service adaption to manufacturing customers in the USA.  • Managed and orchestrated service delivery of hosting team, unix team, application team, backup team, security team and help desk for a assigned account.  Achievement  • As a bilingual PM, I took multiple roles in the organizations which are typically fulfilled by different title. (Service Delivery Manager, Pre-sales engineer, and Project Manager) IT Manager Toyo Tire North America Manufacturing, Inc - White, GA June 2009 to March 2017 • Hands on Manager with 9 team members.  • Managed conversion of all legacy manufacturing applications developed for windows XP to Post-PC devices working with offshore developers.  • Protected Manufacturing IT infrastructure and Application from Cyber Security Incidents  • Constantly added new improvements and functionality to the MES/SCADA/ERP system to meet internal needs.  Achievement  • As a hands-on manager, I was able to be part of software development process, and infrastructure management process.  • Changed IT Department to service organization for internal customer. Systems Engineer Toyo Tire North America Manufacturing Inc. - White, GA December 2006 to June 2009 • Provided hardware and software support for MES/SCADA system  • Developed necessary data collection using SQL Server, Wonderare Historian, and C#, and OPC.  • Engineer network, hardware, software, platform to provide reliable and dependable production system. System Engineer CAC America - White, GA May 2006 to November 2006 • Administer and performance tuning of MES/SCADA server hardware and its database to meet 24x7 operation of the customer plant.  • Verify data integrity between multiple systems (MES and SAP) and troubleshoot and provide root cause analysis.  • Working with PLC programmers and Mechanical Engineers for equipment related issues. Project Manager/Operations Manager Atlanta Trading Company - Kennesaw, GA May 2004 to April 2006 • Provided system development/implementation support.  • Also responsible for import and distribution operations.  Achievement  • Optimized freight cost by systematically choosing right transportation method for urgent parts based on supply and demand  • Customized ERP systems to monitor in-transit inventory on ocean and supplier's inventory at their warehouse.  • Implemented Microsoft Exchange Server, E-synergy (web portal) and Macola Progression (ERP) and integrated the business-critical information in one searchable internal database. Inventory Planner Applied Materials Japan - Kennesaw, GA 2001 to 2002 Manufacturing Engineer 1997 to 2001 Education Master in Professional Study Pennsylvania State University 2014 Bachelor of Science in Computer Information Systems in Computer Information Systems Strayer University 2009 Certificate in Computer Information Systems University of California, Berkeley - Berkeley, CA 2004 Associate of Science in Electronics Engineering in Electronics Engineering Tokyo National College of Technology 1997 Skills Security, Coding, Swift, Vba, Sql, Architecture, Security architecture, Team building, HTML, Active Directory, training, Microsoft Office, Sharepoint, Cisco Certifications/Licenses CISSP February 2019 to January 2022 https://www.youracclaim.com/badges/357c2722-1d5b-4d56-9be5-6e90372a5889/linked_in_profile GCIH June 2019 to June 2023 https://www.youracclaim.com/badges/c1befab7-3d30-4c24-9736-72a2bfbe6e42/linked_in_profile Additional Information AREAS OF EXPERTISE    • Network/ Security Device Management  • Network/ Security Architecture Design  • IT Control Policy/ Security Assessment  • Coding: SQL, VBA, Swift, etc  • Cross Functional Team Building  • Project Management