IT Systems Administrator <span class="hl">IT</span> Systems Administrator IT Professional Worcester, MA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Systems Administrator Coghlin Companies - Westborough, MA June 2012 to June 2019 Deployment, support and maintenance of all things IT - Active Directory, Email, Desktop  Management, printers, scanners, VoIP phones, mobile phones, software, security.  • Creation and implementation of formalized on and off boarding process between IT and HR  • Implementation of formal service desk process and portal for associates to log tickets.  • Hardening of security on all workstations.  • Mentor and train new desktop support personnel.  • Creation of usage documentation, as well a policy and procedure documentation for both technical support personnel as well as the business user community. Security Analyst The Hanover Insurance Group - Worcester, MA October 1997 to May 2011 • Integral in the formation of a dedicated security team.  • Deployment, maintenance and support of Email security, Web security systems, full disk  encryption, Antivirus and antimalware, Secure FTP, as well as vulnerability scanning. Education High school or equivalent Skills Active Directory, System Administrator, System Admin, Vmware Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/stevedion Certifications/Licenses Microsoft Certified Professional (MCP) Present Assessments Technical Support — Highly Proficient July 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to apply protocols to identify errors and solutions in order to maintain system function. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/a9xio7djpzd5nrlx Basic Computer Skills: PC — Highly Proficient July 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to perform basic computer operations, navigate a Windows OS, and troubleshoot common computer problems. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/xljmwmvortu6a-qt Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information Skills  • User community support and training • Desktop Engineering & Management  • Active Directory • Problem/Service Management  • Microsoft Exchange • Troubleshooting  • Microsoft Office • Encryption & Security