Project Manager (Consultant) Project Manager (Consultant) Project Manager (Consultant) - PayPal Phoenix, AZ Over ten years of experience as a Reporting, Data, and Financial Analyst. Experience working as an interface with Business Users, Managers, Executive Team Members, Sales Staff and IT. Comfortable in outward facing roles working with external and internal clients, locally and throughout the World. Work Experience Project Manager (Consultant) PayPal October 2017 to Present Support the Information Security and Technology business units to track and report all issues by identifying, documenting and remediating risk and compliance issues. Ensure all issues have documented root cause analysis and all IA, SOX and regulatory findings are entered into Open Pages/Pulse. Follow up with the appropriate functional stakeholders and business owners to provide on-going status tracking and ensure management action plans are closed out in a timely manner. IT Risk Analyst / Sr Risk Security Analyst American Express April 2011 to September 2017 Dismissal of three audit deficiencies over nine months by updating leader spreadsheets with a pivot table containing pertinent event information to reduce the time for leader reviews, usually 1-3 days vs. weeks.      Identified empty Active Directory attributes (92% vs. 40%) and streamlined the Privileged Access Management monitoring process, updated the desk reference to remove redundancy and trained contractors on the revised processes as backup. Provided reports to managers, directors and executives for removal of access not needed and submitted changes to network administrators to remove user IDs to adhere to least privilege access requirements.      Created, keyed data and tracking of third-party vendor management personnel (200+), in Access database, for network access requests for IAM tools and ensure access fits within guidelines established for RBAC positions.      Previously developed Access data utilized for the Owner-Based Certification to verify privileged group ownership. Submitted change requests to system admins for updates, documented completion of changes, prepared audit documents and lessons learned to close process. Prepared final quarter information, trained new team member, processed documentation and coordinated handoff to new team.     Utilized previously developed User Access Certification on quarterly basis to verify privileged IAM user access. Created change requests for the system administrators to complete identified updates to user access, documented completion of changes and prepared audit documents and lessons learned to close quarterly process. Quarterly reports submitted, coordinated handoff to IAM team with documentation and remained available as a SME. Business Analyst (Consultant) American Express October 2010 to April 2011 Created a process to track and document quarterly user identification certification by developing Access database with reports to managers, directors and executives. Work with network system administrators with IAM user IDs to adhere to least privileged access requirements. Created process for tracking 200+ third-party personnel, track the network access requests associated with each third-party user and ensure access fits within guidelines established for RBAC positions. Proactively work with team members to complete assigned tasks as defined by timelines. Reporting Analyst (Consultant) American Express May 2010 to September 2010 Ability to work with existing databases and mainframes to create ad-hoc queries, reports as requested and provide on-going analytical support for requests. Converted existing reporting tools to a standardized reporting infrastructure using SQL and Microsoft applications. Identified project risks and impediments, notify management and proactively work with other members of the team to complete assigned tasks as defined by project scope, timelines and budgets. Created databases to provide additional support for assigned tasks. Study, evaluate, and document current and future business processes Reporting Analyst (Consultant) McKesson Specialty October 2007 to February 2010 Track sales calls, IT projects, employee improvement suggestions and RFP submissions by developing Access database. Analyzed reporting requirements and troubleshoot client program reports, document processes and procedures, automate reports, and identify, recommend and implement workflow improvements. Review and understand data mapping and relationships of client program. Assisted team members and provided training and cross-training to other members. Worked with Windows Applications and Oracle Siebel CRM On Demand (SQL) to design, develop, modify, test and implement Business Object reports with CRM and worked with Program Managers, Clients, Business Analysts, Finance, Call Center, Operations Analysts and Technology members. Calculation of sales commissions utilizing information provided by several departments.  Financial Analyst CVS / Caremark February 2006 to August 2007 Handled nine pharmaceutical manufacturer accounts for the Rebate Operations department which included preparation of quarterly invoicing totaling approximately $250 million per client, reconciliation of payments received and client analysis to determine rebates to be paid out utilizing Access, Excel, and enterprise applications. Utilized Access and Excel to determine client positioning and evaluation of client eligibility for rebates, assisted with the interpretation of client formularies on new proposals, new formularies and rebate audit questions. Updated and established tables and queries for tracking prior monthly and quarterly formulary positioning. Tracked contract documentation and filings for company/client billings, formulary documents and contract requirements. Enhanced existing Access database for additional utilization of department information. Completed research of client qualifications in preparation of invoicing and analyzed current and past quarter unapplied payments and resubmission of disputed claims. Worked with management for resolution of disputed issues of rebate contracts. Financial Analyst Loma Linda Univ. Medical Center April 2002 to February 2006 Established new position responsibilities and created Access database to track federally funded awards, contact information, patents, publications, general notes, invoices, survival requirements and audit information. Provided  financial information for Board meetings and administrative budget with reporting from the database. Assisted in the award cycle activities, evaluate financial performance of recipients and maintain good communications with all award recipients. Responsible for pre/post award financial administration of research grants and contracts and passed three E&Y audits based on the information in the database. Reviewed contracts, updated database records, created and maintained grant and contract files, processed invoices submitted for payment, monitored accounts payables/ receivables, developed queries and reports. Worked with the Executive Director to resolve contractual issues, communicate with sponsors, ensuring compliance with contract regulations and reporting requirements, and closing out of contracts. Education BS in Business Kaplan University AA in Management Marketing Central Arizona College Skills Crm (2 years), Customer relationship management (10+ years), Microsoft sharepoint (2 years), Oracle (2 years), Sharepoint (Less than 1 year), Open Pages (2 years) Additional Information Technical Skills:  ServiceNow, Archer, Pulse, Open Pages, Oracle CRM OnDemand, Microsoft Applications, SharePoint