Senior. Project Manager/ Senior Security Controls Assessor Senior. Project Manager/ Senior <span class="hl">Security</span> Controls Assessor Senior. Project Manager/ Senior Security Controls Assessor - Newberry Group (USDA) Irving, TX Work Experience Senior. Project Manager/ Senior Security Controls Assessor Newberry Group (USDA) - Baltimore, MD February 2018 to Present • Experience working in a remote environment from a supervisory-level managing direct reports and remote teams while communicating and collaborating virtually.  • Experience with procurement management, human resource planning, Qualitative Risk Analysis, quality assurance management (quality assessments and quality control) to change processes and procedures.  • Organizing and conducting project kickoff meetings and status meetings and any information to be modified with the concurrence of the Contracting Officer and Contractor Program Manager.  • Served as the liaison between the client and the company liaison to ensure ensuring the best possible value for the services consumed by the firm while maintaining a positive, synergistic relationship with the managers and directors oversee projects through the SDLC lifecycle and large-scale accounts.  • Performed oversight of the development, implementation, and evaluation of information system security program policies, and provides special emphasis placed upon the integration of existing SAP and Cloud network infrastructures.  • Responsible for all phases of personnel development including, coaching, and taught problem-solving skills to a team of 15-20 salaried employees and independent contractors to maximize performance and ensure job satisfaction, retention, and future advancement. Evaluated and recommended an appropriate organizational structure to support changing business needs.  • Collaborated with vendors and customers delivered IS/RMF projects and contracts worth over $100,000 each. Ensure deliverables are on time and within budget for APHIS/BPA/ USDA Contracts.  • Experience using and accrediting systems with IT Service Management (ITSM), Configuration Management Database (CMDB), Service Catalog, Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL), and Azure.  • Experience in with Software Development lifecycles and Agile and Scrum.  • Experience with Metrics and Reporting, related to Service Now, Azure, and other programs.  • Established and enforced procedures to assure that the tasks performed by project scope, applicable standards, quality requirements, estimated costs, and schedules. Prepares reports and delivers briefings on the status of task assignments to contract management personnel and technical points of contact resulting 98 percent of projects meeting project completion.  • Reviews work of subordinates, resolve discrepancies, prioritizes work, and accommodates changes.  • Ability to see the big picture, and solid business judgment and desire to tackle complex business problems.  • Experience in overseeing the implementation process of client-facing SaaS projects.  • Ability to determine KEY issues from confused and incomplete information.  • In collaboration with other senior project personnel and appropriate management, recruit, interview and select staff and volunteers with appropriate skills for project activities.  • Experience discussing technical requirements analysis, technical writing, partnership development, opportunity gate reviews, and assisting with proposal activities in accordance with established Proposal best practices, policies and guidelines.  • Conducting research, reviewing, and analyzing of data from several databases  • Oversaw all aspects of contract modification, conducting business analysis, deliverables, personnel staffing, management, maintaining of computer and communications, and conflict resolution.  • Manages preparation of numerous deliverables and tracking delivery to the government resulting in the basic knowledge of Government Contracts and the Federal Acquisitions Regulations.  • Advanced knowledge of project management including managing project budgets, work breakdown structures, and systems integration.  • Experience writing and executing strategic plans and implementing process improvement and business innovation.  • Aggressively build, manage and maintain strategic relationships as well as business channels and networks that result in robust sales pipelines and mission focused strategic opportunities.  • Strong Negotiation Skills.  • Cross-functional experience, project management, consulting technology and process improvement skills, along with working with various business units.  Skilled at communicating effectively with software engineers, technical customer support teams and project managers.  • Interpersonal and leadership skills to manage multiple projects at one-time with the ability to work in a fast-paced environment.  • Directed activities to continually improve processes, staffing, project utilization, budgeting, and productivity to deliver customer success on every project. Identified operational delivery gaps and improvements to current processes, determining new procedures that are needed and initiate and implement new processes. Ability to build trusted relationships with clients, stakeholders, and third party vendors. Senior Information Assurance Specialist/ Directorate-Level ISSM Defense Information Systems Agency - Fort Meade, MD June 2015 to September 2016 • Conducted Risk Management Framework (RMF) Transition processes for infrastructure working on Unified Capabilities (UC) Programs, including Enterprise Sensitive but Unclassified Voice Over IP. Evaluated governance, policies, and oversight relating to Enterprise Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP), Enterprise Classified IP and Voice over Secure IP (VOSIP) for Command and Control (C2) and non-C2 customers and program managers.  • Responsible for directly managing the operations for over 120 DOD Information Systems located world-wide as an Information Assurance Manager.  • Advise executive management, program managers on best practices on System Security shortfalls regarding areas needing improvement or modification. Provide technical support and guidance for information systems security programs, policies, procedures, and tools, and worked with external vendors, including Cisco and AT&T regarding business development needs for specific programs.  • Maintains policies, processes, and procedures, and utilizes, such as a companion to DOD Instruction to address cyber issues, understand and implement security solutions to protect DOD Data by minimizing risk, and vulnerabilities.  • Responsible for creating presentations for high-level supervisors, executive briefings for various systems under the Information Executive (IE) and Services Directorate (SE) and designing presentation templates for Information Assurance (IA) briefings. Information Assurance Security and Network Officer Chenega, LLC - Alexandria, VA October 2014 to May 2015 October 2014- May 2015  • Lead the effort for preparing documentation for FISMA, HIPPA, and PCI DSS Compliance, RMF assessments, constructing and updating incident response plans, configuration management plans, and analyzing compliance controls.  • Managed the delivery of training programs for the business unit for over 15 employees and created a dashboard to show executive leadership the progress on the training.  • Responsible for preparing documentation for network migrations, tenant security plans (TSPs), Incident Response (IR) Plans, and Configuration Management documentation.  • Coordinated and review proposed technical project schedules to provide best practice recommendations related to standard large IT migrations, user moves, and infrastructure rollout projects.  • Devised and established IT policies for the business unit, and systems to support the implementation of strategies set by executive leadership.    • Analyzed the business requirements of all departments to determine enterprise-wide technology needs. Interacted with leaders to determine efficient and cost-effective technological equipment and software to be purchased for the agency. IT Auditor, Senior Associate KPMG - McLean, VA June 2014 to October 2014 • Responsible for Identifying and analyzing IA and financial controls. Responsible for preparing documentation for FISCAM and SOX assessments.  • Test system controls relevant to audit/SSAE-16 readiness efforts.  • Work with engagement team to identify and resolve client issues discovered during audit and review process. Certification & Accreditation Analyst Data Networks Corporation - Fort Meade, MD December 2013 to May 2014 • Designing presentations for high-level supervisors, executive briefings for various systems under the Network Services Directorate and designing presentation templates for Information Assurance (IA) briefings.  • Responsible for preparing DIACAP documentation for C&A's: ATO amendments documentation and submitting documentation into Enterprise Mission Assurance Support Service (EMASS) and writing directorate level POA&M's.  • Responsible as a liaison for advising architects, program managers and engineers from an IA perspective on C&A/A&A related issues.  • Interfacing in meeting with senior government personnel, program managers, and engineers in both daily and weekly meetings. IT Specialist (Certification & Accreditation Analyst) United States Navy December 2008 to May 2013 Marketing- Promotions Intern Wiegel Broadcasting Co - Chicago, IL May 2007 to August 2007 Assistant Webmaster/Secretary AOSpeed Computer & ISP - Murfreesboro, TN June 2001 to April 2007 Skills: Education Doctorate in Business in (DBA) (specialization) Walden University - Minneapolis, MN July 2014 to Present MBA American Military University Graduate Certificate of Sports Management in Sports Management American Military University Bachelor of Science in Mass Communication Middle Tennessee State University - Murfreesboro, TN Skills Security, Fisma, Health insurance portability and accountability act, Pci, Payment card industry Additional Information • More than 15 years of Information Technology Skills to include various systems within the Department of Defense Information Technology/Cyber- Security Systems, and Commercial systems.  • Over 10 years of direct supervisory experience with leading, team building, training, and directly managing employees in an office and remotely; working in partnerships with clients and communicating with Executive leadership to advance security needs of customers and the company.  • Highly collaborative team player - able to establish and maintain effective working relationships with clients, vendors, and internal team members from different backgrounds, and an understanding of supply chain management.  • Well-traveled in domestic and international destinations.  • Empowered and passionate communicator and leader - values creativity, teamwork, innovation - and most importantly working collaborative to attain goals and embracing accountability.    MANAGEMENT SKILLS:  • Experience forecasting, initiating, executing, and tracking projects through a full SDLC life-cycle and major milestones; managing resources, risks, assumptions, and roles and responsibilities for stakeholders, and determining and planning for project resources.  • Experience working with maintaining budgets, resource allocation, project timelines, and communicating and building relationships with executive leadership, stakeholders, employees, and 3rd party clients and corporate vendors on weekly and bi-weekly timeline.  • Experience creating, establishing, and presenting various documentation: Project Charter, Project Plans, Work Breakdown Structures (WBS), Project Proposals, Statements of Work (SOW), Service Level Agreements (SLA), Business Proposals, Memorandum of Understanding (MOU)/Agreements (MOA), Change Requests, Activity cost planning, procurement documentation, and writing departmental Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs), and departmental and business development briefs for executive leadership. Experience with the Change Management Process, Change Control Meetings, and Risk Management assessments.  • Ability to communicate with mid-level management and executive leadership.    COMPLIANCE AND POLICY FRAMEWORKS:  • Risk, and Compliance (GRC) Frameworks: Risk Management Framework (RMF), National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST), Federal Information Security Act (FISMA), Payment Card Industry Data Standard (PCI DSS), Sarbanes- Oxley (SOX), Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPPA), ICD 503/DCID, JSIG/JAFAN.  PRODUCTIVITY APPLICATIONS:  • Microsoft Word 2016, Microsoft Project, Microsoft Visio, Microsoft Outlook, PowerPoint, Publisher, ServiceNow, Azure, Enterprise Mission Assurance Support Service (EMASS).  SECURITY AND COMPLIANCE:  • DISA Gold Disk, SCAP, DISA STIGs, Nessus, Security Center, Assured Compliance Assessment (ACAS), Retina CS Vulnerability Management Tools; Host Based Security System (HBSS), SPLUNK.  SOFT SKILLS:  • Communication, Highly-Organized, Strategic Planning, Team Building, Business Process Improvement; Negotiation, Leadership, Emotional Intelligence, Event Planning and Fundraising. Critical Thinking and Critical Observer Skills, Time Management Skills, Public Speaking, Managing Remote Teams and Projects, and Cross Functional Team Leadership, Quantitative and Qualitative Skills and Mentorship Experience.