IBMi Technical Support/ Security Engineer IBMi Technical Support/<span class="hl">Security</span> Engineer Gahanna, OH • Designed and implemented data capture and upload processes across 85 IBMi servers to enhance data transfer.  • Played vital role in development of portable security schema for numerous IBMi servers to minimize security risks.  • Constructed a software application enabling efficient management of connected users.  • Seamlessly migrated Bear Stearns' servers to JP Morgan Chase's data center through company acquisition.  • Drafted and deployed a cost-effective business continuity initiative for migration of back end software.  • Implemented and maintained the Net/IQ PentaSafe package across multiple servers. Work Experience IBMi Technical Support/ Security Engineer JPMorgan Chase - Columbus, OH 2016 to Present Supervise two engineers and serve as integral member of Global Technologies Large Midrange Level IIII engineering team concentrated on enhancing and maintain IBMi, Non-stop (tandem), and open VMS servers. Evaluate and advise on server level security for IBMi Ipars and external products for Large Midrange Ipars. Liaise with product vendors to obtain cost-effective and efficient equipment options.  • Formulated and integrated data capture and upload process linked to 85 IBMi servers which allowed transfer of vital information to various certification entities within bank.  • Continuously examined, designed, and standardized new tools and process to secure compliance with corporate security regulations.  • Developing the plan to migrate the Net/IQ PentaSafe package to the Trinity Guard TGSecure package across 70 IBMi Ipars Technical Support Analyst JPMorgan Chase 2010 to 2016 Guide and deploy server level security for 85 servers as a member of IT Risk and Security Management Large Midrange Level III team. Analyzed efficiency of company's NetIQ PentaSafe package and amplified performance by authoring solutions. Collaborated across levels and with internal and external auditors to ensure compliance with all regulatory standards.  • Blueprinted and implemented a portable security schema for 85 IBMi servers minimizing security risks to unmanned systems.  • Developed a data capture process to streamline data submission for annual regulatory reviews. IT Associate JPMorgan Chase 2008 to 2010 Facilitated development of company-wide transition from Bear Stearns to JP Morgan Chase and administered L2 support of the COSMOS application and server level security across 20 IBMi iPars within an investment banking environment.  • Created a software application to enable superior management of users connected to banking systems.  • Successfully migrated IBMi Ipars from Bear Stearns data centers to JP Morgan Chase data centers without issue. Associate IT Director BEAR STEARNS - Chicago, IL 2006 to 2008 Directed team of two as well as the initiation and operation of the SunGard GMI application alongside of security software package and program update installations and configurations. Spearheaded organization of multiple trade loads within program and governed the primary, backup, and development servers.  • Outlined and successfully deployed a business continuity program for migration of GMI back office software which saved company thousands in unnecessary expenses.  • Single-handedly managed the Equity Order Entry Platform (BNS) and security for 14 IBMi Ipars as well as aided in installation of operating system upgrades.  • Evaluated and implemented the PentaSafe security package on multiple IBMi Ipars.    Additional experience as Vice President/Sr. Technical Analyst for Bear Stearns, Systems Operations Manager/Technical Consultant for Accession Technologies LTD, and Data Center Operations Manager/Networked Systems Technical Support for Akzo Nobel, Inc. Education Computer Science COLLEGE OF DUPAGE Business Administration and Accounting ELMHURST COLLEGE - Elmhurst, IL Skills Dns, Netiq, Rpg, Cobol, Domain name system, Netiq, Udp, Tcp, Linux, Java, Ms office, Ethernet, Sql, Accounting Links http://LinkedIn.com/in/james-dusenbury-864b1a14a