Senior Cyber Security Analyst Senior Cyber <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Senior Cyber Security Analyst - Cyber security SME Hampton, VA Cyber Security SME. Expert systems engineering, analysis, design, implementation, configuration, administration, programming, and project and resource management skills. Extensive RMF knowledge with security controls, policy, guidelines and procedures. Top Secret Clearance, SCI eligible. Over 24 years of combined Air Force maintenance, transportation, C4I Systems and cybersecurity management experience resulting in meticulous policy, communication, and administration skills and assurance of stable and secure office and enterprise information environments. Strong leadership skills, process improvement and technology integration methods contribute to ensured mission success. Work Experience Senior Cyber Security Analyst Cyber security SME 2019 to Present Delivers Cybersecurity analysis and expertise for cyber lead command directorates and affiliated agencies and activities. Cyber security SME, providing risk management expertise and guidance on enterprise security control implementation and potential impacts pertaining to and information governance. Suggests cybersecurity solutions and process improvements to align with DoD and Air Force information security strategy. Special Projects Manager 2018 to Present Directed command staff resources to facilitate new Air Force cyber lead command activities at HQ ACC. Managed stand up of classified facilities for lead cyber command activities. Managed staff and facilities reorganization to improve and refocused Air Force Cyber Ops way ahead. Effectively led multiple simultaneous efforts, including 33 seat SCIF standup and 30 seat open storage classified area, ensuring Air Force cyber superiority and cyber threat mitigations. IT Superintendent and Cybersecurity Analyst 2014 to 2018 Provided essential support to Defense Personnel & Family Support Center, Information Technology ( IT) Subcommittee, and over 4000 volunteers among 54 state committees. Developed standard operating procedures for compliance with regulations and policies. Validated and revised instructions and procedures related to IT programs. Managed contracts, agreements, and licensing associated with IT programs. Ensured interagency coordination. Directed Cybersecurity actions for the accreditation and certification for all IT systems. Validated security controls for major DoD IT systems in the Risk Management Framework. Collaborated with other Headquarters, directorates, and senior level officials as needed. Researched and developed IT solutions and requirements. Systems Analyst 2012 to 2014 Managed system development and lifecycles for enterprise infrastructure and field operating locations. Managed and coordinated systems, database, and application administration for all assigned systems and personnel. Primary function server administrator and systems security analyst. Led technical efforts in implementing new web platform for all of AFRC recruiting service. Monitored trends for effective use of data automation tools and advised leadership on suggested architecture improvements. Responsible for systems administration and security requirements. Ensured application and systems connectivity. Responsible for hardware/software set-up and configuration support for over 400 geographically separated recruiters. Customer Support Manager 2010 to 2012 Managed Communications Focal Point, with 12 assigned tier-2 technicians. Provided enterprise technical support for 36K customers, 12 bases, 3 GSUs. Provided VIP support for HQ AFRC staff. Oversaw call center with 8 assigned tier-1 technicians. Coordinated user and system issues with AF/AFRC organizations. Led AFRC Windows 7 implementation ahead of schedule and reported status to director. Directed vendor support teams; diagnosed/repaired command-unique and high-level technical issues. C2 Systems Administrator 2006 to 2010 Provided Communications-Computer Systems Operations and associated information systems installation, configuration, administration, optimization, and ongoing support for AOC systems. Performed network management, firewall control, and administration on DOD local, local (LAN) and wide area (WAN) networks, C4I systems, and various functional area systems. Administered and managed overall Information Assurance, including Communications, Emissions, and Information Security. Provided information systems life-cycle management and enterprise infrastructure support. Programmer/ Analyst 1996 to 2006 Managed requirements gathering, development, planning, implementation and supervising technical support initiatives and applications. Trained users on applications and new technologies. Responsible for support and management of business applications and technical consultation for help desk, PC Analysts and end users. Interfaced with business units to streamline processes through technology enhancements. Served as Project Manager for new development and infrastructure projects. Conducted infrastructure analysis to include hardware and software support solutions and best practices. Aircraft Maintenance Technician / Operations Controller 1989 to 1996 Coordinated maintenance production. Managed flight and maintenance data. Maintained and assembled reports for higher departmental utilization. Assisted in computer system, network, and application troubleshooting. Coordinated with maintenance managers and other departments to provide reasonable problem solutions. Extensive knowledge of various systems, specializing in engines, hydraulics, and airframe systems and components. Performed inspection, troubleshooting, operation, and component replacement on flight control, landing gear, secondary power, and electrical systems. Managed and supervised maintenance and scheduling for assigned aircraft. Education Masters in Computer Science in Cybersecurity American Military University Bachelors in Computer Science in Information Systems Saint Leo University A.A.S. in ACFT Maintenance Technology Community College of the Air Force Skills Cyber Security, Nist, Network Security, Comptia, It Security, Linux, Information Security, Cybersecurity, Information Assurance Military Service Branch: United States Air Force Rank: SMSgt