Team Lead Team Lead Team Lead - BJC Healthcare St. Louis, MO Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Team Lead BJC Healthcare - St. Louis, MO August 2008 to Present Responsible for overall coordination, status reporting and stability of project or operations-oriented work efforts. Confer with and advises team(s) on administrative policies and procedures, technical problems, priorities, and methods. Establishes processes to identify, track, escalate, resolve and report customer problems. Responsible for meeting specified service level standards. Provides technical guidance for the planning, and designing, directing, maintaining and monitoring of information system operation. Work with IT Technical staff and Business to determine appropriate BC/DR and continuity and processes, and procedures for resources. Also writing Disaster Recovery plans, and Business Impact Analysis survey and train the business partners in Disaster Recovery. Conduct Tabletop exercise and walkthroughs of Disaster Recovery processes, work with Emergency Management in recovery process of Disaster Recovery planning, and Business Resumption and recovery plans and facilitating disaster recovery planning and communicating current trends and developments to BCP/DR teams, business units that include:  ? Develop, maintain and enhance the DR Program (plans, standards, roles, responsibilities, template, tools and reporting).  ? Develop Business Impact Analysis (BIA) survey for critical application and Application Business and Hospital (HSO's).  ? Develop Business Continuity / Disaster Recovery awareness program and evacuation drills.  ? Support the Emergency Response procedures including policies and Incident Command Centers for Hospital (HSO's).  ? Coordinate with system owners to develop new and assist in the recurring maintenance of established disaster recovery plans for the customer's general support systems and for critical and non-critical applications.  ? Coordinate with IT Infrastructure system owners to develop and maintain disaster recovery plans for Business partners, who included quality assurance, testing and modified test scripting and test analysis and data analysis.  ? ServiceNow/CMDB and Business Contlinuity & Disaster Recovery planning and Tabletop critical applications.  ? Coordinate and conduct alert and notification drills (call trees) and prepare after action reports and track remedial actions. Includes the compilation of call success reports for presentation to the customer management.  ? Develop IT disaster recovery test schedules, test plans, and after action reports. Coordinate and track remedial actions following tests, training, and exercises.  ? Plan, coordinate, and conduct all elements of disaster recovery testing including table top and full-scale functional exercises for midrange, and network platforms.  ? Conduct planning meetings with technical systems personnel to gather requirements and data required for the creation and documentation of IT disaster recovery plans for multiple hardware platforms.  ? Tabletop planning meetings with technical systems personnel to gather requirements and data required for the creation and documentation of IT disaster recovery plans for multiple hardware platforms.  ? 24/7 support of Business Continuity & Disaster Recovery events. BCP/DR Planner & DR Coordinator Capgemini America, Inc - Lee's Summit, MO May 2007 to August 2008 BC/DR Planner in the Information Security Management organization of Capgemini, and is based in Kansas City MO. Responsible for working with all business units globally in developing, maintaining and testing of business continuity plans. Responsible for performing or coordinating all aspects of contingency planning including testing recovery plans, assisting DR Coordinator in different location. Work with IT Technical staff and Business to determine appropriate BC/DR and continuity and processes, and procedures for resources. Also writing Life & Safety Risk Assessment, Business Resumption and recovery plans globally and facilitating disaster recovery planning and communicating current trends and developments to BC/DR teams, business units that include: Certified CBCP and MBCP  ? Develop company Business Continuity / Disaster Recovery program for clients.  ? Develop Business Impact Analysis (BIA) and present findings of BIA to our global clients.  ? Coordinate with system owners to develop new and assist in the recurring maintenance of established disaster recovery plans for the customer's general support systems and major applications.  ? Coordinate with IT system owners to develop and maintain sections of disaster recovery plans for customer-owned dedicated User Acceptance Test (UAT), which included quality assurance, dealing with test creation and test planning with modified test scripting and test analysis and data analysis.  ? Coordinate and conduct alert and notification drills (call trees) and prepare after action reports and track remedial actions. Includes the compilation of call success reports for presentation to the customer management.  ? Plan, coordinate, and conduct all elements of disaster recovery testing including table top and full-scale functional exercises for midrange, and network platforms.  ? Conduct planning meetings with technical systems personnel to gather requirements and data required for the creation and documentation of IT disaster recovery plans for multiple hardware platforms.  ? Direct the process of identifying and documenting of critical departmental processes and resource requirements, including establishing timeframes, recovery windows, and priorities.  ? 24/7 support of Business Continuity & Disaster Recovery events.    ACI Worldwide - Omaha, NE Business Continuity Coordinator August 2004 to February 2007 Responsible for working with all business units globally in developing, maintaining and testing of business continuity plans. Responsible for performing or coordinating all aspects of contingency planning including testing recovery plans, assisting Plan Owners in creating and updating recovery plans, documenting business recovery processes and procedures, and training all affected staff in business recovery techniques. Work with IT and other departments to determine appropriate security policies, processes, and procedures for securable resources. Also writing Risk Assessment, Business Resumption and Security recovery plans globally and facilitating disaster recovery planning and communicating current trends and developments to DR teams, business units that include: Certified CBCP and MBCP  ? Develop company Business Continuity & Disaster Recovery awareness program for business clients.  ? Develop the project-planning document defining project milestones, resource plans, communication needs, and training needs between IT Technical staff and the Business clients.  ? Conduct Business Impact Analysis (BIA), prepare, and present findings of BIA to Executive Committee.  ? Develop Emergency Incidents Response plans, Disaster Recovery Plans, COOP plans.  ? Develop company Business Continuity / Disaster Recovery awareness program  ? Monitors the effectiveness of procedures during evacuation drills and revises the procedures as necessary.  ? Develop Information Security Awareness Program (CSIRT).  ? Develop, design, and implement the new security program.  ? Develop Incident Command Systems (ICS) program.  ? Coordinate Payment Card Industry (PCI) process and ISO 17799 and BRS 25999 for UK continuity processes.  ? Develop Operation Impact Analysis (OIA) for Disaster Recovery Data Center.  ? Support the DR Program by ensuring DR Tabletop Exercise & DR Recovery activities are identified, reported and escalated as needed to mitigate issues.  ? 24/7 support of Business Continuity & Disaster Recovery events. IT Information Security Officer/ Disaster Recovery Analyst State of Nebraska Dept of Roads - Lincoln, NE September 2003 to August 2004 Worked closely with all state agencies to develop a Security Analysis, Business Continuity Planning and Disaster Recover Planning to insurer the recovery of critical business and IT function. State agencies involved in this planning is Dept of Roads, Network security, Application security and Website security and business analysis with Homeland Security, and Security Work Group for the state agencies. Certified CBCP and MBCP  ? Security Office needs to be proficient at understand government rules and very proficient at interviewing, documenting business rules and processes and working as a team.  ? Evaluating documentation and consolidating information for analysis & presentation with state agencies.  ? Creating DR process flow diagrams with using Visio and MS Access to build Continuity/Disaster Recovery process, which includes; (Risk Assessment, Business Impact Analysis, Recovery Strategies, Plan Development, and Plan Testing and Continuity of Operations (COOP).  ? 24/7 support of Business Continuity & Disaster Recovery events. Education Associate Certifications/Licenses CBCP & MBCP Certifications June 2008 to August 2019 These certification allow me to fully functions as Disaster Recovery Coordinator or Manager Additional Information CBCP Certified Business Continuity Planning/Disaster Recovery, Miami, FL  MBCI Certified Master Business Continuity Inc., San Diego, CA  BIA Professional from Strohl systems in Philadelphia  LDRPS from Strohl systems in Philadelphia / AssuranceCM SunGard  AS/400 Synon Training in Newport Beach, CA  People Soft Training in Pleasant, CA  Incident Command System Training in New Westminster, BC  Dell Training on SAN server systems, Nebraska Dept. of Roads, Lincoln, NE  Community Emergency Response Team (CERT) Metro Omaha Cert Training, Omaha, NE  Project Management Training – BJC Healthcare Version 6.0, St. Louis, MO  VEOCi Training (BootCamp I & II) BJC Healthcare/Emergency Management  Tabletop Exercise & Incident Command Center & Incident Supprt Team for Hospital (HSO’s)