Head, Financial Crimes Unit Exercise Management Head, Financial Crimes Unit Exercise Management SR Manager, Information Security - Blue Cross Blue Shield of IL Oak Park, IL Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Head, Financial Crimes Unit Exercise Management BMO Financial Group - Chicago, IL Present Program designed to deliver proactive evaluation of BMO’s preparedness to respond to unplanned, enterprise impacting, incidents.      • Program Head: responsible for the development, strategy and governance of the BMO FCU Exercise Management program.  • Responsible for the delivery of all hazards exercise management. Including exercises with a highly focus on cyber, fraud and physical security.   • Responsible for the development of real life threat-based scenarios used for both table top and functional exercises (crisis management, business continuity, natural disaster, purple team, fraud, disaster recovery, etc.).   • Responsible for the development of real life threat-based cyber scenarios used for risk management scenario analysis.   • Responsible for the management and facilitation of C-level facing incident response exercises.  SR Manager, Information Security Blue Cross Blue Shield of IL November 2012 to January 2016 Business Resiliency Program  Program designed to deliver organizational oversight that aligns recovery strategies with critical business objectives.  • Program manager: responsible for ensuring strategies exist for the recovery of critical business process in the event of an interruption.  • Responsible for the integration and transformation of the BCBS Disaster Recovery and Business Continuity program structure, policies and principles.  • Responsible for delivery of key performance metrics related to the Disaster Recovery and Business Continuity programs.  • Responsible for execution and maintenance of the BCBS enterprise BIA.  • Responsible for the sustainment of alternate work site requirements and capabilities for business critical staff. Conducted assessment resulting in lowering alternate site expenditures by $600,000 annually.  • Responsible for the planning and execution of enterprise level Disaster Recovery and Business Continuity exercises. IL - SR IT Business Consultant Blue Cross Blue Shield April 2012 to November 2012 Enterprise Architecture Governance Program  Program designed to deliver structure around how the EAS organization aligns architectural strategy with business goals.  • Program lead: responsible for ensuring EAS initiatives maintain alignment with organizational goals, strategy and principles.  • Primary coordinator for all Enterprise Architecture Steering Committee and Architecture Review Board meetings.  • Responsible for delivery of key performance metrics related to the EA Technology Lifecycle Management System, Technology Assessment Process, Architecture Review Board and Future State Architecture efforts. IL - System Security Consultant Blue Cross Blue Shield February 2006 to April 2012 Data Center II  Project designed to in-source corporate disaster recovery by building a second, fully functional, tier 4 data center.  • Project lead: responsible for the management and development of the BCBS DR governance program.  • Responsible for gathering BIA requirements used to determine critical business objectives.  • Key contributor in the development of the DR master recovery schedule based on recovery objectives, infrastructure and application dependencies.  • Responsible for gathering infrastructure requirements for 220 DR critical applications.  • Responsible for DR exercise planning, execution and remediation activities.    Enterprise Gateway  Project responsible for the replacement of existing methods of data transmissions being sent outside of the BCBS internal information network.  • Project lead: responsible for the remediation of access, providing business requirements for future state solution and developing requirements for program governance.  • Responsible for the identification and classification of existing point-to-point data transmissions required to meet the 5010 goal.    Automated Security Risk Reduction  Project responsible for implementing identity and access management mechanisms necessary to meet corporate compliance and regulatory guidelines.  • Project lead: responsible for resource planning, requirement definition and implementation.  • Subject matter expert involved in the delivery of project focused key performance indicators and IT audit objectives. Consultant AllState Syntel, Inc December 2004 to February 2006 Claims Adjudication Automation  Project designed to support ongoing software updates to mission critical claims adjudication software.  • Project lead: responsible for coordinating software release related activities including change management, enhancement design, testing and implementation scheduling.  • Responsible for gathering enhancement related business requirements and translating into technical system specifications.  • Responsible for production support including client workflow issues, defect management and user training.  • Responsible for reporting control evidence for Sarbanes Oxley compliance. Lead Business Analyst InsureSoft, Inc May 2001 to December 2004 Policy Processing Automation  Project designed to implement custom built personal line insurance policy processing software for major national insurance carriers.  • Project lead: responsible for the management of 7 business analyst's daily activities.  • Responsible for gathering enhancement related business requirements and translating into technical system specifications.  • Responsible for production support including client workflow issues, defect management and user training. Education Bachelor of Science in Information Systems Technologies University of Southern Illinois at Carbondale - Carbondale, IL December 2000 Skills Business Continuity (6 years), Disaster Recovery (6 years), Information Security (10+ years), Information Technology (10+ years), Enterprise Architecture (1 year), Business Analysis (7 years), Supplier Management (4 years), Leadership Development (6 years) Certifications/Licenses CISSP June 2017 Groups ISC2 Present BRPA June 2012 to Present Business Resumption Planners Association ChicagoFirst July 2017 to Present Additional Information Management  • Excellent management skills proven by the delivery of multiple enterprise level, corporate incentive driven, strategic projects. Performed both analytical and management roles while applying various techniques including business case development, resource management, scope control and project tracking.  Leadership  • SR Manager of the BCBS Business Resiliency program. Responsible for the continuance of critical business process through the development of strategic planning across IT and the business.  • Key stakeholder within the BCBS GRC program. Responsible for the development and sustainment of controls supporting HIPAA, NIST, and HITRUST requirements.  • Disaster Recovery Steering Committee administrator. Responsible for the delivery of program updates, program risks and future state objectives to the CIO.  • Incident commander for the BCBS Disaster Recovery program and Cyber Security Tiger Team.  • Official member of the BCBS Crisis Management Team. Actively engaged in the management of events impacting critical BCBS operations.  Communication  • Excellent written and oral communication skills, with demonstrated experience in interacting with broad and diverse audiences. Day-to-day communications with internal BCBS executives.  Industry and Business Acumen  • In-depth functional skills acquired through 15 years of various system design and implementation of business processes in the areas of information security, disaster recovery, business continuity and IT governance.  • Lead contributor in the development of requirements necessary for the build out of Data Center II. Deeply involved in BIA (Business Impact Assessment) meetings, DRTA (Disaster Recovery Technical Assessment) activities and designing a governance model for data center sustainment.  • Experienced in crisis response and incident management. Managed recovery efforts due to data breach, loss of facility, loss of supplier, loss of personnel and loss of technology.  Technology Expertise  • Full IT project lifecycle experience, including business case, business process design, solution architecture, configuration, testing, deployment, production support, project planning and estimating.  • Management lead for the implementation of the RSA Archer GRC system.  • Solid understanding of risk management principles, including risk assessment activities.  • Experienced in the development of Disaster Recovery technical requirements, design and application mapping.