IT - E-commerce Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> - E-commerce <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT - E-commerce Analyst - Arrow Electronics, Inc Deer Park, NY To secure a responsible position that will utilize my administrative skills and technical knowledge, along with the opportunity for future advancement. Work Experience IT - E-commerce Analyst Arrow Electronics, Inc - Melville, NY November 2013 to Present First line of technical support for Arrow regarding E-Commerce EDI, RosettaNet, and other B2B duties for all North American customers, suppliers, and internal Arrow users.    ? Analyze and manage daily production transactions and escalate issues to the appropriate business partners.  ? Setup and support of EDI/RN partnerships and Van / 3rd party communications.  ? Investigate, troubleshoot and resolve or escalate problems with EDI X12, EDIFACT, or RosettaNet data and/or mapping errors.  ? Trace data through from back-end Oracle ERP System to WebMethods translator and identify issues.  ? Monitor error alerts and reprocess data as needed.  ? Act as functional analyst by gathering business requirements, creating solutions, and communicating them to the development team.  ? Attend conference calls with Arrow business users and trading partners.  ? Run SQL queries to trace data and report statistics  ? Provide 2nd level support to Offshore B2B support and development teams ( Asia, India) EDI Analyst Fougera Pharmaceuticals Inc - Melville, NY July 1999 to November 2012 Duties and Responsibilities:  ? Set up and maintain EDI communication method of Trading partners- Van, AS2.  ? Monitor EDI inbound and outbound processes.  ? Investigate and resolve network partner and data issues.  ? Troubleshoot and resolve EC application problems that have been escalated to Production support.  ? Review and correct error reports and communicate with partners.  ? Maintain trading partner databases.  ? Responsible for Mapping documents and understanding the principles of mapping.  ? Test and implement new partners or partner/ document relationships.  ? Advanced working knowledge of Extol mapping and EDI translators.  ? Assisted in conversion from Harbingers EDI translator to Extol software.  ? Assisted in the SAP/EDI project team for the conversion of Extol EDI re-mapping process from BPCS to SAP, providing specific EDI data requirements of Trading partner information covering the majority of EDI production documents in a current environment.  ? Post Implementation support of EDI/SAP conversion, worked along with system programmers and technical support to develop modifications and enhancements to EDI system and environment.  ? Responsible for the re-mapping process of the EDI merger of Bradley Pharmaceuticals to Nycomed EDI system, making modifications to mapping and internal files to accommodate inbound and outbound EDI data.  ? Responsible for providing a background history of all of our EDI documents and trading partner specifications as well as to communicate to the internal project team a basic understanding of EDI processes/ procedures and to direct Sterling during the re-mapping and implementation concerning the Extol/ Sterling-Gentran conversion project.  ? Provided support with internal/external programmers and consultants on the EDI logic to support our EDI processes and procedures during Sterling conversion.  ? Lead the project team for final mapping approvals and to review EDI data before going live.  ? Primary EDI support lead with Sterling Hosted Solution in currently supporting our on-going EDI production system and continue to direct them on new implementations/modifications to new mapping and to set up new trading partner relationships. Communications Manager / System Operations Forster and Garbus - Farmingdale, NY 1998 to 1999 Daily Transmission operations include:  ? Received incoming electronic data files using various PC communication devices.  ? Transmitted and verified outgoing files.  ? Responsible for downloading and uploading PC files to system.  ? Verified file counts and totals in files -both incoming and outgoing.  ? Worked heavily with clients in the scheduling of transmissions and in resolving errors in files.  ? Responsible for reporting daily file counts and totals and in delays or errors due to transmissions.  ? Coordinated file acknowledgements back to various clients.    System Operations Include:  ? Daily backups.  ? Created, printed and distributed various scheduled jobs.  ? Assisted in Month- end close. System Security Officer / Data Entry Coordinator Regent Sheffield - Farmingdale, NY 1981 to 1998 More than seventeen years of experience performing various functions pertaining to operations processing and data entry. Particularly effective in organizing productive workflows. Excellent interpersonal skills.    Daily EDI Operations:  ? Received and accurately processed incoming customer orders (850's) consisting of approximately 30 trading partners.  ? Received and processed shipped orders (945's) from warehouse in U.S. and Canada.  ? Transmitted outgoing billed orders to customer's (810's).  ? Transmitted outgoing Sales Orders to warehouse (940's).    System Operations:  ? Ran console, answered System Operator message queue. Reschedule jobs in Jobque's according to priority.  ? Operated and maintained various printers.  ? Created, printed and distributed weekly and monthly reports.  ? Worked with commands for output que's, Jobque's, active jobs, system status, disk status and other related commands as well as other general operations techniques.  ? Utilized query programs as well as other utility programs such as DFUs.  ? Maintained and updated system menus.  ? Trained and assisted in supervision of other operators.    Additional Responsibilities:  ? Resolved conflicts and errors in customer orders and billing.  ? Coordinated effective workflows and procedures pertaining to customer orders, invoicing and EDI Full charge of System security-establishing user password authorization and access limits to all staff and management within the structures of BPCS. Education Technical Certificate STATE UNIVERSITY OF FARMINGDALE - Farmingdale, NY Skills EDI, BPCS, SAP, ORACLE, WEBMETHODS Certifications/Licenses Driver's License