Security Manager <span class="hl">Security</span> Manager Security Manager - EXPERENCE Fort Washington, MD Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Security Manager EXPERENCE October 2013 to Present • Oversee Air Force Security Management Program for 200+ military members.  • In process, indoctrinate, brief/debrief; monitor clearance eligibility, review background investigations reports, utilize JPAS, DISS, eQIP.  • Prepare or assist with written summaries, submit eligibility recommendations for cases with complex issues or unfavorable suitabilities.  • Grant interim clearances, grant access to controlled and restricted entry/access points; process and approve flight-line badges, ensure training qualifications are met and security statuses are validated. Process network accounts, and other systems.  • Act as investigating officer for security violations and incidents.  • Conduct training for unit members, maintain continuity materials, perform self-inspections, and pass annual inspections for program compliance. Publishing and Forms Assistant Manager USAF, Office of Special Investigations August 2016 to August 2018 • Reviewed and coordinated on draft publications, edit, format, and publish final products. Provided guidance and procedures to staff for developing and revising policy publications.  • Initiate and track periodic and special reviews of publications and forms.  • Update publications to the Air Force e-Publishing website via the Air Force Information Management Tool (AFIMPT) and resolve any publishing discrepancies in AFIMPT.  • Publish/upload publications for internal organization access. Design/create, edit 80+ forms in PDF for conversion project.  • Managed publications and forms record sets, order controlled forms via the Warehouse Management System, maintain AFOSI phone directory, and respond to requests for AFOSI publications and forms, whether current and obsolete.  • Updated database and control log for publications and forms. Flight Attendant Lead Delta Airlines April 2015 to June 2016 • Maintained and monitored the security and safety of all passengers in all phases of flight.  • Conducted pre-flight checks of emergency and medical equipment on board over 30 types of aircraft models within Delta's fleet. Assisted passengers and cabin crew during emergency events, first responder duties, reported aircraft cabin safety issues, items for repairs, and flight incidents.  • Greeted customers and communicated connecting flight/gate information, prepared and serve food and beverages. Computer Technician/ Analyst, Senior Lead Lockheed Martin November 2008 to November 2013 • Provided technical support to USAF end users in the National Capital Region. Systems and communications troubleshooting, performed software installations, remote support, on-going analysis for all systems in which Air Force District Washington (AFDW) responsible.  • Created, modified user accounts, email accounts, security groups, and shared drives. Received and responded to problems identified by customers, troubleshooting hardware, software and communications problems and provided first call resolution when applicable.  • Assisted customers with access issues for various DoD and Air Force Personnel Secure Sites. Collected information to identify network/software/hardware issues via the problem reporting application and forwarded to appropriate tier level for resolution.  • Other duties included create, write, edit and update work instructions for Cyber Call Center. Documented internal processes and prepared resource material to support base Service Desk personnel as directed. Supervisor, Security Officer Coastal International Security April 2006 to January 2013 • Supervisory operations in the Central Command Center to safeguard life, property and assets at the client's locations (Federal Triangle/Environmental Protection Agency).  • Emergency and incident first responder, work scheduling for multiple shifts, issuance of weapons and ammunitions, daily inventory of assets and equipment, safeguarded other equipment.  • Monitored surveillance equipment and cameras, routine communication and compliance with Department of Homeland Security, Emergency Operations Center, and Facility Manager.  • Completed preliminary investigations and supplemental reports of thefts, missing property, crimes against persons, etc. Provided security escorts of critical and noncritical visitors, and maintained checkpoints at gates and entrances of buildings to include securing facility entrances and offices as well as armed security posts. Director, Logistics & IT Support Arven Moving & Storage Systems, Inc May 2000 to January 2006 05/ 2013 - 12/2014  • Director, Logistics & IT Support: Management of freight movement, dispatching, warehousing and storage, for government, commercial, residential, and office moves. Trained, and supervised staff on industry packing, loading, warehousing and storage procedures.  • Developed continuity documentations, hired, interviewed and evaluated employees annually. Ensured company maintained DoD compliances, regulations, policies, insurance, and self- inspections.  • Created and maintained operating procedures and policies, employee handbook, job descriptions, and various forms. Oversaw IT budget, implementations, and all server, workstations, software upgrades, to include website hosting/designing, database developments, conducted backups, created email and network accounts.  • Instrumental in managing the company claims department and saving over $90,000 in unsubstantiated claims, yearly. Education Bachelor of Science in Information Systems Management University of Maryland 2005