Sr. Systems Administrator Sr. Systems Administrator Experienced IT Professional The Colony, TX      Skilled Technical Project Manager with 10 years of experience managing medium to large IT application development projects. Expert in diagnosing, troubleshooting and resolving client issues with hardware maintenance, installations and upgrades. IT Services include end-user services, server and storage, networking and VoIP telephony services. Key technologies include Cisco WAN/LAN/ Security environments, Cisco VoIP, MS Exchange email/Office365, MS SharePoint, MS Active Directory, GPO Policies, VB Script, Windows 7 and VMWare virtualization. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr. Systems Administrator United States Department of Veteran Affairs - Arlington, TX March 2016 to Present • SPLUNK Alert server management  • Continuous Readiness In Information Security Program (CRISP)  • Engineer, configure, and deploy Enterprise SIEM and SEM and log management solutions.  • Develop automation for security tools management.  • Create customized searches and applications using programming and development expertise, including Java, python, shell scripting, and regular expression.  • Serves as a liaison between development teams and stakeholders to understand and formulate complex security requirements for project/program.  • Defines, maintains, and enforces application security practices. Identifies opportunities for process improvements and leads implement efforts.  • Designs, develops or recommends integrated system solutions ensuring proprietary/confidential data and systems are protected.  • Network Security  • Enterprise Logging IT Security Analyst US Department of Veteran Affairs - Arlington, TX October 2015 to Present Responsibilities  • Network Encryption  • Continuous Readiness In Information Security Program (CRISP)   • Database Management  • Server Management  • SCCM Deployments  • EOL Cisco replacement and switch install  • Project Management and Implementation  • Data Migration IT Administrator B.A.G. Corp - Richardson, TX July 2015 to October 2015 Responsibilities  • Create and manage user accounts in active directory.  • Created email accounts and provided user licenses under full Admin control in Office 365.  • SQL Database Concepts  • Windows Server Update Services (WSUS)  • NTFS/Share Permissions  • Created deployments through remote logins and SCCM.  • Imaged and reimaging devices.  • Maintained admin full access control in SharePoint. Business IT Support Specialist T.G.I. Fridays Corporate - Carrolton, TX February 2015 to April 2015 Responsibilities       · Reset passwords in Active Directory for client stores.    · Maintained access for access groups Active Directory.    ·  Repaired CPU equipment and pos register systems using remote logins.    · Handled employee business card transaction resets.    · Utilized SQL to manage systems throughout servers.    · Created deployments to configure client devices.    Accomplishments  Helped team reach daily and weekly goals.    Skills Used  Active directory, SQL, Server Helpdesk Coordinator Fujitsu America Corporate Command - Richardson, TX August 2014 to January 2015 Responsibilities  Created deployments utilizing various tools such as Infoblox, Decisions, SCCM and putty.    · Updated Operating systems by remote access to computers and servers.    · Assisted clients in reimaging various devices with remote configurations and direct access.    · Utilized SCCM to edit and monitor software build for servers, printer, multimedia, and computers.    · Reimaged POS register systems for various clients using putty to remote log in.    · Password resets and group policies.    Accomplishments  Lead team of 20 + to meet goals for several client accounts.     Skills Used  Server, SQL, Active Directory, SCCM, Putty, Remote Access, Deployment IT Support Analyst Blackboard Student Services - Killeen, TX May 2014 to August 2014 Responsibilities  Provided technical support for hardware, software, and various operating systems.         · Assisted K – 12 students with online curriculum information and technical support.          · Resolved technical issues with clients including Hardware Configuration, Academic Grievances, and Grade inflation; empowered students with drive to graduate.          · Assisted IT team with configuring hardware and applications.    Accomplishments  Promoted to team Lead in two weeks.    Skills Used  Active Directory, windows Helpdesk Coordinator 2 Aegis May 2013 to April 2014 Responsibilities       · Assisted clients with prescription, billing, ordering, and medication overrides.            · Provided customers with information about insurance plans and coverage while utilizing HIPAA guidelines.         · Integrated IT technology into daily activities to enhance personalization and mobile learning. Education Network Engineering in Information Technology Cybertex Institute of Technology - Killeen, TX 2014 to 2014 BS in Information Technology Devry 2011 to 2013 Diploma in General Studies Raleigh Egypt High - Memphis, TN 1998 to 2002 Skills A+, Hippa Certified, Network +, Server, Microsoft, Windows, POS,