IT Security Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Security Analyst - Motivon Inc Woodbridge, VA A self-motivated and analytic person with excellent communication skills who combines professionalism and great interpersonal skills to accomplish the mission. Significant experience in developing business and marketing strategies as well as training programs. Able to motivate, lead, and work with a team in IT Security. Seeking to utilize background and experience within a progressive and responsible position. Work Experience IT Security Analyst Motivon Inc - Chicago, IL June 2016 to Present • Reviews and when needed, updates SAR, SSP, CP & POA&M  • Works with business process owners to ensure timely identification and remediation of jointly owned risk related issues and action plans (POA&M)  • Utilizes processes within the Security Assessment and Authorization (A&A) environment such as system security categorization, development of security and contingency plans, security testing and evaluation, system accreditation and continuous monitoring.  • Advices and applies current computer science technologies and Information Assurance (IA) requirements to the analysis, design, development, evaluation, and integration of computer/communication systems and networks to maintain an acceptable system security posture throughout the lifecycle of multiple national level mission system.  • Manually reviews logs and provides documentation guidelines to business process owners and management  • Reviews System Security Plan (SSP) and conduct Security Assessment Report (SAR).  • Reviews Clients processes relating to Vulnerability Mitigation, Training on C & A (A&A) Tools.  • NIST publications 800-18 SSP, 800-30, 800-37, 800-53, 800-53A, 800-53R4 and 800-60  • Works with business process owners to ensure timely identification and remediation of jointly owned risk related issues and action plans.  • Provides Support for System Testing and Evaluation (ST&E) IT Security Analyst SGB INC. INFORMATION ASSURANCE/PROTECTION February 2016 to April 2016 • Conducts Security Risk Assessment and documents Key Controls.  • Determines security controls effectiveness (i.e., controls implemented correctly, operating as intended, and meeting security requirements).  • Conducts risk assessments regularly; ensures measures raised in assessments are implemented in accordance with risk profile, and root-causes of risks were fully addressed following NIST 800-30 and NIST 800-37.  • Performs on-site security testing using vulnerability scanning tools such as Nessus management  • Contributes to initiating FISMA metrics such as Annual Testing, POA&M Management, and Program Management.  • Monitoring customer account information, data and implementing security measures to control cyber information.    • Negotiate with the ISSM to administer ATO's    • Serves on a team of information security professionals in the development of security policies, procedures, and security certification & accreditation (C&A) packages for a variety of commercial and government activities worldwide.    • Develops A&A security packages and documents in accordance with Information Assurance Controls Education BACHELOR'S in SOCIAL SCIENCE K N University of science and Technology 2003 Chartered Institute of Accountants certificate in business and industrial Administration Kumasi Polytechnic, Chartered Institute of Bankers Skills Excel Certifications/Licenses CompTIA Security+ Scrum Master CAP Certificaton "in proress"