IT Security Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Security Analyst - ERC, Inc Cape Canaveral, FL Skilled Information Security Analyst skilled in assembling security authorization packages using NIST  Special Publications. Enthusiastic and project focused with experience managing projects, and maintaining  mission-critical systems, as well as disseminating information to management in a fast-paced environment.  Detail-oriented individual bringing a valuable combination of analytical and technical skills to the job market. Work Experience IT Security Analyst ERC, Inc - Kennedy Space Center, FL July 2016 to Present Implemented and maintained information security compliance on two mission critical enterprise federal  information systems with sensitive data, and two lab environments with over 800 assets combined.  • Performed compliance audits to ensure FISMA/NIST requirements were being met. NIST 800-53 control  set, contingency plan, disaster recovery plans, business impact plan, privacy impact assessments were  assessed to ensure compliance. Created a Security Assessment Report documenting the findings.  • Created acceptable use policy, incident response plan, and contingency plan of company owned assets.  • Knowledge in securing federal data in a cloud environment compliant with FedRAMP.  • Conducted continuous monitoring on the systems to ensure compliance and security in regard to OMB and NASA OCIO patching requirements, and as critical vulnerabilities and patches were released.  • Conducted risk assessments on enterprise systems to identify threats and vulnerabilities, presented the risks to management to either accept or remediate. Reduced vulnerabilities from 260 critical/highs to 30 on  Windows and Linux systems, and worked to get 2,000 HTTPS related Nessus findings down to 100.  • Reviewed IDS logs for events for trends, false alarms, critical alerts, and reported findings to management.  • Headed the initiative for additional user security awareness training using third party training platforms. Education Master of Science in Vulnerability Management Norwich University - Northfield, VT June 2019 Bachelor of Technical Applied Studies in Security & Forensic Technology Kent State University - Kent, OH May 2016 Skills Federal information security management act (2 years), Fisma (2 years), Ids (2 years), Linux (2 years), Nessus (2 years) Additional Information SKILLS  • Operating Systems: Windows, Linux, OSX • Assessment Tool: RSA Archer  • Security Requirements: FISMA, NIST, • Security Tools: Nessus, Burp Suite, Wireshark,  FedRAMP, SOX, HIPAA, PCI Metasploit, nmap, AlienVault, Kali Linux,  • Network: pfSense, Cisco ASA, IPS/IDS Forescout, Qualys, Basic Python