IT Security Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Security Analyst - Syneren Technologies Sunderland, MD Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Security Analyst Syneren Technologies July 2014 to Present NATIONAL OCEANIC and ATMOSPHERIC ADMINISTRATION (NOAA)  OFFICE of OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS    Participated in the IT Assessment & Authorization process for FISMA reporting, Configuration Management, risk assessment, and Security Testing (ST&E) of High, Moderate and Low federal systems using NIST 800-53A. Recommended and developed security measures to protect information against unauthorized modification or loss.    Supervision of system vulnerability scanning, and administration of system security configuration using Tenable Nessus vulnerability scanner. Developed Vulnerability Assessment Reports based on scan results. Managed scan results via Tenable Security Center.    Assisted ISSO in the development of security documentation including FIPS199, FIPS200, and System Security Plans using NIST 800-53 formal guidance.    Communicated effectively with employees in the agency to plan, coordinate, or advise efforts in auditing, compliance, technical evaluation, threat identification, and contingency/continuity planning of high, moderate, and low federal systems. IT Specialist United States Census Bureau March 2012 to July 2014 LAN TECHNOLOGY SUPPORT OFFICE  VIRTUAL DESKTOP INFRASTRUCTURE BRANCH (VDI): VDI SUPPORT TEAM    As the Remedy queue manager, analyzed and processed incident and work order tickets daily in response to customer inquiries in a timely manner. Performed Tier 1 and 2 troubleshooting regarding Windows and Mac desktops including software and hardware.    Responsible for maintaining static Admin servers including security patching, monitoring, and deploying other updates and enhancements.    Worked directly with security personnel to assess sever vulnerabilities. Researched and remediated security vulnerabilities. Patch management.    Managed group policies in Group Policy Management Console. Create and modify Group Policy Objects within Active Directory based on Windows Server 2008 R2 and Windows Server 2003 SP2. VMWare experience.    Experience utilizing XenDesktop and XenApp to manage and monitor users virtual desktop sessions. Managed users profiles. Effectively Troubleshooting issues with the Citrix receiver. Administer and deploy Citrix Receiver client on various endpoint devices including Windows, MAC, iOS and Android devices. Tier 3 level support.    Analyzed applications in AppDNA to ensure they are compatible within XP and Win 7 VDI environments. Created application packages through Citrix Streaming profiler and published applications in XenApp. Hosted apps.    Wrote/maintained Standard Operating Procedures (SOPS), change control documentation, and application integration documentation. Stored and maintained documents in Microsoft SharePoint.    Resolved hardware/software problems that are Citrix related by researching and utilizing user manuals, Internet web sites, and/or working with senior engineers. Researching enhancements to provide a better VDI experience.    LAN TECHNOLOGY SUPPORT OFFICE  SERVICE DESK BRANCH: LAPTOP SUPPORT TEAM    LAN support in a Windows or Linux/UNIX environment; setting up, installing, troubleshooting, and configuring laptops and peripherals; installing software on laptops; troubleshooting LAN hardware and software problems, network printing, supported network client and application software    Analyzed customer's work order tickets to identify laptop requirements. Effectively communicated with customers in person, through email, and via phone. Routinely planned and prioritized workload based on the customer's laptop request needs. This included analyzing and identifying various application specifications to ensure user feasibility. After laptop set up, deployment entails guiding customers through IT policies and procedures regarding the network and IT security practices.    Responsible for modifying user accounts in Active Directory and McAfee Endpoint encryption prior to laptop configuration. Administering the census domain by adding and deleting user accounts when configuring a customer's laptop.    Responsible for importing and configuring wireless certificates and troubleshooting wireless issues.    In addition to daily laptop configuration and deployment duties, I am apart of a Windows 7 laptop migration project. In collaborating with a team of 15 coworkers, we are responsible for converting over 1,000 laptops from Windows XP to Windows 7. Solved various laptop issues and followed up with others to ensure user productivity once migrated from Windows XP to Windows 7.    LAN TECHNOLOGY SUPPORT OFFICE  ASSEST MANAGEMENT AND CONFIG. BRANCH: PC INSTALLATION TEAM    LAN support in a Windows or Linux/UNIX environment; setting up, installing, troubleshooting, and configuring PCs and peripherals; installing software on PCs; troubleshooting LAN hardware and software problems; and helping users with login, network printing, supporting network client and application software    Assisted users set up their PC to their liking. As well as, guiding users through IT policies and procedures regarding the network and IT security practices.    Used various techniques, tools, and processes written in a PC configuration manual to effectively train new interns. Effectively listened and communicated new approaches with interns to ensure PC installation goals are met.    Also included, modifying user accounts in Active Directory and McAfee Endpoint encryption prior to laptop configuration. Administering the census domain by adding and deleting user accounts when configuring a customer's laptop.    Worked collaboratively with four other interns in re-configuring 20 training room hard drives. Education Master of Business Administration University of Maryland University College Adelphi - Adelphi, MD August 2014 Master of Science in Cybersecurity University of Maryland University College Adelphi - Adelphi, MD May 2013 Bachelor of Science in Cybersecurity Bowie State University - Bowie, MD May 2010 Additional Information Skills:    Remedy Wireshark Citrix XenDesktop  Active Directory VMware NIST SP 800 series  Nessus Citrix XenApp  Nmap Citrix AppDNA  Snort