Security Analyst SST <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> SST IT Analyst - Brand Energy and Infrastructure Services Marietta, GA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Security Analyst SST Dell Secureworks - Atlanta, GA July 2016 to Present -Working with the SecureWorks Portal, Report Creation for IPS/IDS, Executive Summery Reports, Blocked Threats.  -Firewall Knowledge  -Malware Analysis (Internal Outbreak, Broadscanning, Directory Traversal, SQL Injection, Trojan, Remote Code Execution, Local File Inclusion, Malicious Hash)  -Understanding of exploits, vulnerabilities, network attacks  -Possess a customer-oriented and strong interest in client satisfaction  -Packet Analysis Tools (Wireshark) IT Analyst Brand Energy and Infrastructure Services August 2014 to July 2016 • Main functions are to assist users and upper management on daily IT tasks, IT Security, Vulnerabilities, and Policy and Procedure.  • Great team player and self-motivated  • Worked with upper management to assist with financial program revamp on policy and procedure.  • Assisted with Physical security implementation for building access.  • Assisted with new Password policy and procedure for users for ease of access to have password renewal simple and secure.    Skills/Experience:  • Computer Re-imaging  • File Permissions  • Virus Removal  • New User Set Up/Profile Build  • Password reset  • Troubleshooting PC Hardware/Software issues  • Security Badge Creation- Assisted with the implementation with Physical Security and logical  access for building. Security badge creation and Magnetic key cards.  • IT Documentation - Documented Changes to IT infrastructure using SharePoint.  • IT Governance- Oversaw Password Policy and Procedure at Brand Energy and Infrastructure  Services. Along with policy for financial programs.  • Malware Detection  • Security- Assisted with Policy and procedure for financial systems within company in accordance with Safe Harbor and EU Directive.    Software:  • Wireshark- Packet distribution across networks to detect anomalies.  • Symantec Endpoint Protection  • Brand Ticketing: Used for logging cases and tickets to be queued and resolved.  • Microsoft Office  • Malwarebytes Management Console- Worked with Malwarebytes management console that  oversees 2000 PC's for Malware Detection  • Office 365- managing licensing for users across the company.  • Outlook/MS Exchange  • Active Directory- Overseeing user account for users.  • Windows 7/8/10 Education Bachelor of Science in Information Technology Kennesaw State University - Marietta, GA 2013 to 2015 Associates of Science in Information Security and Assurance Chattahoochee Technical College - Marietta, GA 2010 to 2012