IT Security Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Security Analyst Silver Spring, MD Work Experience IT Security Analyst EM2 Tech December 2016 to August 2018 • Analyze and update System Security Plan (SSP), Risk Assessment Report (RAR), Privacy Impact Assessment (PIA), System Security test and Evaluation (ST&E), Security Assessment Report (SAR) and the Plan of Actions and Milestones (POA&M).  • Assist System Owners and ISSOs in preparing Assessment and Authorization packages for client IT systems, making sure that management, operational and technical security controls adhere to formal and well-established security requirements authorized by NIST SP 800-53 Rev 4.  • Initiate kick-off meetings to collect system information to assist in the categorization phase using FIPS 199 and NIST SP 800-60.  • Review and update Contingency Plan (CP) using NIST SP 80-34 guidelines.  • Document and finalize the Security Assessment Report (SAR) based on the findings discovered from the Security test and Evaluation (ST&E).  • Prepare reports recommending remediation methods for identified vulnerabilities while performing system assessments and evaluations.  • Provide IT security consulting to system owners regarding security documents such as security incident reports, equipment/software inventories, operating instructions and contingency plans.  • Coordinate with business, clinical, and compliance leaders to ensure security programs are in compliance with HIPAA Security Rule and other relevant laws, regulations and policies to minimize or eliminate risk and audit findings.  • Worked with system administrators, developers and users to ensure compliance with the government policies.  • Investigated a security incident, if any, identified, isolated, contained, and remediated the security breach, and generated a report.  • Demonstrated experiences in vulnerability scan and remediation.  • Reviewed and analyzed scanning results and provided recommendations concerning vulnerability mitigation efforts.  • Develops, reviews, and updates information security system policies, system security plans (SSP) in accordance with NIST, FISMA and OMB CIRCULAR A-130. Active Directory and Exchange user support.  • Applied appropriate information security controls for Federal Information Systems based on NIST 800 Series, 800-37 REV.1 Applying the RMF Risk Management Framework, 800-30, 800- 34, 800-80 SP 800-53 REV.4, FIPS 199 and FIPS 200.  • Performed risk management, maintained the risk register and worked with team to develop mitigation and contingency plans. IT Security Assessor Washington Tech Solutions May 2014 to September 2016 • Managed the information security function in accordance with the established policies and guidelines.  • Established and maintained information security policies, procedures, and guidelines pursuant to State and Federal laws and regulations such as the Federal Information Security Act (FISMA), Office of Management and Budget (OMB) memorandums, and Department of Homeland Security (DHS) Binding Operational Directives.  • Assessed security controls using the NIST SP 800-53A publication guideline.  • Develop Security Assessment Report (SAR) detailing the results of the assessment and created POA&Ms for each of the findings within the SAR.  • Reviewed security policy documents and made recommendations on documentation consistent with NIST requirements.  • Conducted and performed continuous monitoring based on NIST Guidelines requirements.  • Provided impact analysis for updates and version changes required by the NIST Security Publications and FISMA Notices. Education Bachelor's Skills SECURITY (4 years), INFORMATION SECURITY (4 years), NIST (4 years), RISK ASSESSMENT (1 year), SAR (4 years), It Security, Cyber Security, Compliance Additional Information Skills  RISK ASSESSMENT (2 years), SECURITY (4 years), NIST (4 years), SAP (2years), SAR (2years), Information Security, It Security, and Cyber Security    Technical Skills:  •NIST Special Publications: 800-18, 800-37, 800-53 rev 4, 800-53A rev 4, [ ] 800-30, 800-60, 800-34, FIPS 199, FIPS 200  • Security Assessment Documents: SSP, SAP, SAR, CP, POA&M, BIA, RTM, and ATO Package.  • Risk Assessment tools: Nessus, CSAM