UI Developer UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> UI Developer - Johnson and Johnson • over 3 years of experience in Web development which focus on Front- End and web Application developing.  • Expertise at implementing User Interface (UI) applications using HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, JavaScript, jQuery, AngularJS.  • Expertise at working with RESTful Web Service and third part API to implement AJAX call using jQuery with JSON format data.  • Good at using jQuery in DOM manipulation and HTML event methods.  • Experience in using X-Ray and Mocha for Unit Testing.  • Experience in building Responsive Web Application using CSS3 media queries and responsive frameworks such as Bootstrap and flex box.  • Experience in testing front- end code in multiple browsers to ensure cross-browser compatibility on the browsers like safari, 9, 10, Firefox and Google Chrome.  • Strong knowledge in both SQL and NoSQL databases such as Oracle and PostgreSQL as well as developing queries, stored procedures and user defined functions.  • Good Knowledge of Search Engine Optimization (SEO) principles to show website as a top result for searches of a certain keyword.  • Experience with version control tools GIT and SVN and package management tools NPM and Bower.  • Familiar with working in Agile development environment and participating in SCRUM meetings.  • Excellent interpersonal abilities, communication skills, time management and Team skills with an intention to work hard to attain project deadlines under stressful environments.  • Experience in working with multiple operating system including Windows, UNIX and Linux.  • Highly adaptable to different software development processes and I also have experience of playing a team member role in scrum environment.  • Ability to work independently and in a group with effective communication and quantitative skills. Energetic, Inquisitive, Quick learner, A good Team Player and committed towards the goal.  • Strong communication, analytical and interpersonal skills working within cross-functional teams  • Excellent problem-solving skills and the ability to work independently. Work Experience UI Developer Johnson and Johnson - Bridgewater, NJ September 2016 to Present Responsibilities:  • Designed and Developed User Interactive (UI) of Web pages with the help of HTML5, CSS3, AngularJS, JavaScript, Bootstrap and AJAX.  • Followed the strict patterns of implementing model-view-controller (MVC) architecture using AngularJS Framework.  • Added forms with AngularJS providing data-binding and validation of input controls in registration and shipping modules for quickly fill out information.  • Adopted AngularJS built-in services such as filters to format price and select qualified tickets.  • Created AngularJS custom services for reusable functionalities like CalServices for calculate the shipping subtotal, taxes, label total and freight insurance according to cargoes weight and box size.  • Created new features for adding little functionality to the existing application such as quick search and contact online services.  • Involved in developed MEAN Stack- MongoDB, Express, AngularJS, and Node.js to develop web applications.  • Applied AJAX calls to consume RESTful API through AngularJS $resource to fetch the data from back- end.  • Built Presentation layer using CSS3 and Bootstrap Framework and implement responsive web design for friendly displaying on any screen with Bootstrap grid system.  • Worked as a team member of the agile project, attending monthly Sprints, and daily Scrums to discuss the development of the application and used Jira for task assign.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, AngularJS, AJAX, JSON, Rest Web Services. Front End Developer Jaitra Software & Solutions Pvt Ltd - Bengaluru, Karnataka January 2015 to June 2015 Responsibilities:  • Implemented various Employee Self Service front end UI Applications developed for easy lookup and creation of HR Records for various Employees.  • Involved in development of Session Facade objects using Stateless session beans (EJB 2.0) for having single point of control for a business service.  • In compliance with Software development life cycle (SDLC), was responsible for creating documents e.g. Functional Specification and System Design based on Business Requirement Document provided by business analyst.  • Created web page layout and forms using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery and D3Js in AngularJS framework.  • Designed and developed client side GUI using JSP, HTML and JavaScript.  • Experience on working with CSS Background, CSS Layouts, CSS positioning, CSS text, CSS border, CSS margin, CSS padding, CSS table, Pseudo classes, Pseudo elements and CSS behaviors in CSS.  • Developed UI pages using HTML, XHTML, XML, CSS, MySQL, JavaScript, AJAX based on the W3C standards.  • Involved in development of Servlets and JSPs using Apache Struts framework.  • Developed user interfaces using Tiles with JSP, HTML and JavaScript.  • Implemented Form Bean and the Action Servlet using the struts framework.  • Used CVS (Concurrent Versions System) for version controlling.  • Ability to rapidly prototype interface designs in hand-coded validating, standards-compliant, and semantically rich code and be aware of cross-browser compatibility and bugs.  • Understanding of application development lifecycle methodologies.  • Knowledge of human factors and usability, best practices for interface design  • Involved in write application level code to interact with APIs, Web Services using AJAX, JSON and XML.  • Designed and developed intranet web applications using JSP, JavaScript and CSS.  • Designed business applications using web technologies like HTML, XHTML, and CSS  • Developed data formatted web applications and deploy the script using client side scripting using JavaScript.  • Worked on Cross-Browser compatibility and fixed the bugs for several browsers.    Environment: Java, Web service, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, AngularJS, AJAX, JQuery, Eclipse, JSON, Rest Web Services, Java, Web Service, SQL Developer. Skills JAVASCRIPT (2 years), BOOTSTRAP (2 years), NODE.JS (2 years), JSON (2 years), AJAX (2 years) Additional Information Technical Skills:    Languages JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3, Java, SQL  Web Technologies JSON, AJAX, RESTful, Node.js,  Frame works and Libraries AnglarJS, JQuery, Bootstrap  Wire Frame Tools Adobe Illustrator CS3, Microsoft Visio.  Management Tools GIT, SVN, Gulp, Grunt, NPM, Bower, MS Project.  Database MySQL, Oracle, MangoDB, PostgreSQL  Operating Systems Windows, MAC OSand LINUX