Front End Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End Developer Albany, NY • 4 Years of experience in designing professional Mean Stack Development and front- end technologies like HTML5, DOM, XML, XHTML, CSS3, Bootstrap, JavaScript [ES5, ES6 currently and TypeScript], jQuery, Angular JS/2/4, ReactJS, JSON, Node.JS, NPM, Webpack, Babel, MySQL and MongoDB.  • Good knowledge of object-oriented JavaScript frameworks and libraries like jQuery, Angular.js, Angular 2/4, Node.js and Bootstrap.  • Expert in HTML5/CSS3 development and have experience in Mean Stack node.js, mongoose/MongoDB, Angular.js.  • Solid understanding of complete Software Development Life Cycle, gather and understand  requirements, and wireframe it to properly workable solution with appropriate architectural  implementation.  • Experience with Firebug for Mozilla, Developer Toolbar for Chrome and IE Developer Toolbar for Internet Explorer.  • Extensive experience in designing front end interfaces using HTML5, CSS3, Java Script, Typescript and Ajax.  • Well experienced in using version control systems like Jira, TortoiseGit and subversion (SVN).  • Experience in developing of Angular 2/4 application architecture with Component Lifecyle hooks, Services, @Components, @Injectables, Routers, RxJS, HTTP/AJAX calls.  • Valuable experience of testing concepts like E2E with protractor and Unit testing with Karma, Jasmine and Mocha.  • Knowledge of various social networking and web APIs like Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, Slack and PayPal.  • Worked with Angular-CLI for building projects and NPM as package manager.  • Experience in various IDE's like Atom, Sublime, WebStorm, Visual Studio Code, Notepad++ and Dreamweaver.  • Expertise in debugging and troubleshooting existing code using developer tools.  • Expertise of modular approach with service-based architecture.  • Excellent for team oriented, quick learner, self - motivated and positive attitude towards complex tasks. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Front End Developer Transfinder July 2017 to March 2018 Transfinder is a leading software provider for Transportation Management Systems.  Responsibilities:  • Responsible for building user interactive Web pages using HTML5, AJAX, ES6, Bootstrap, Typescript and Angular 2/4.  • Extensive usage of Bootstrap for layout as well as responsive design and SASS CSS for Responsive design.  • Extensively used Angular UI (Angular Bootstrap) for ng-grid, and UI components.  • Created Angular 2 components, implemented Interpolation, @Input variables, @Output variables, Bootstrapping, *ngFor, *ngIf, else, ng-template, custom event-binding the click event, custom property-binding, and Component decorator  • Created services with Angular 2 @injectable property, as to make the service available for dependency injection (through Constructor) when creating components  • Involved in writing application level code to interact with APIs, Web Services using AJAX, JSON and XML.  • Developed single page web application using JavaScript framework Angular2.  • Designed the web application layout and forms using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript and used some angular material components for client-side validations and auto completion.  • Produced content pages with CSS3 layout and style markup presentations.  • Performed Unit testing on angular applications using tools like Karma, Jasmine.  • For testing our application's browser compatibility used popular browsers like IE, Chrome, Firefox and Safari.  • Used Version control through TortoiseGIT and communicate with all team members for latest updates.  • Actively participating in scrum meetings, status meetings and strongly reporting in day-to-day meetings.    Environment: Angular 2/4, NPM, HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, JavaScript, ES6, TypeScript, SASS, MongoDB, Jasmine, Karma. UI Developer Flovel Valves Pvt. Ltd May 2013 to December 2015 India  Organization Portal: It was developed to create interactive information storage and retrieval system among the firm. The only users that could access the information were the managers and selected employees. All the information was stored at the backend in a database.  Responsibilities:  • Involved in software architecture, detailed design, coding, testing and creation of functional specs of Inventory management system.  • Created User friendly and advance application using HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, JavaScript, AJAX and Angular Js and jQuery.  • Extensively Worked on CSS Background, CSS Positioning, CSS Text, CSS Border, CSS Margin, CSS Padding, CSS Table, CSS Sprites, Pseudo Classes, Pseudo Elements and CSS Behaviors in CSS.  • Converted mock ups hand-written HTML and CSS with pixel perfect attention.  • Developed Single Page Application using AngularJS which was migrated from legacy application.  • Many AngularJS capabilities are being used including Customs directives, two-way data-binding, routing, templating, factories, services, etc.  • Worked closely with UI/UX designers to understand the detailed intuitive UI/UX prototypes and components.  • Responsible for Development of end to end client/server modules.  • Responsible to write Dynamic Validation by integrating and customizing standard JSF validation framework.  • Wrote Angular service for business logic, Factory, directives and custom directives to manipulate DOM.  • Responsible for checking cross-browser compatibility by using worked on different browsers like Safari, IE, Firefox and Chrome.  • Review system requirements and translate into design documents, establish specific solutions, and leading the efforts including programming and testing that culminate in business acceptance of the results. Education MS Lamar University - Beaumont, TX May 2017 B.E. in CSE Visvesvaraya Technological University July 2013 Skills AJAX (3 years), HTML5 (3 years), JAVASCRIPT (3 years), TESTING (3 years), ANGULARJS (2 years) Additional Information Technical Skills:  Concepts OOP, Data Structure, RDBMS, Design Patterns and SaaS  Programming Languages C++, Java, JavaScript [ES5, ES6, TypeScript]  JavaScript Frameworks Angular 2/4, AngularJS, React.JS, jQuery, Redux  Databases MongoDB(NoSQL), MS SQL Server, MySQL, MS-Access  Web Technologies HTML5, CSS3, AJAX, JSON  Tools Visual Studio Code, Sublime, Atom, WebStorm, Notepad++  Version Control TortoiseGit, GitHub, GitHub Desktop, Jira, SVN  Web Server Apache Tomcat 6.0/5.5  Testing Protractor, Jasmine, Mocha, Karma, Chai  Project Lifecycle Gather Information from client, Analysis, Design, Build and Test.    Operating Systems Windows 32 and 64 Bits, MacOS, Linux