Front End Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End Developer Jersey City, NJ Work Experience Front End Developer TYSU infotech - Gujarat, IN May 2015 to June 2016 Involved in in developing the UI layout and actively studied User Requirement Specification and requested insufficient  information for clearing ambiguity in requirements document.  • Implemented Single Page Application (SPA) using MEAN stack (Mongo DB, Express, Angular JS 1.5 and Node.js v4).  • Used HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript to design rich and Interactive User Interface (UI) pages.  • Involved in creating responsive web pages using Bootstrap 3 components like Tables, Grids, Panes, Dropdowns and Pagination and styling using CSS for enhancing the look and feel.  • Created Custom Directives for displaying the searched list items based on the user's requirement using Controllers, Filters  and services.  • Utilized AngularJS for consuming a RESTful web service using AJAX services like $http, $resource and handled cross  domain requests to retrieve the required JSON data for the application.  • Highly used AngularJS Routing and $location service for navigating through the different controllers and templates.  • Created REST APIs using Node.js combined with Express.js as a middleware for performing CRUD operations to MongoDB  database. Web Developer TatvaSoft - Gujarat, IN May 2011 to May 2012 • Involved in creating interactive UI using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery and Bootstrap.  • Developed the application with responsive design for various screen resolution using CSS3 media query.  • Re-designing/ developing the website to improve user experience and add new functionality Using CSS3 layouts  • Worked on AJAX call in JSON format for asynchronous request handling.  • Performed cross browser testing and developer/debugging tool (Chrome Developer Tool).  • Implemented jQuery validation plug-in, modified jQuery validation plug-in to support custom validation, jQuery modal box,  date picker, tooltip.  • Developed web application compatible with all browsers. Used Firebug, chrome developer tools to view and debug HTML,  DOM and JavaScript errors. Education Master of Science in Computer Science in Computer Science New York Institute of Technology August 2016 to May 2018 Master of Computer applications in Computer applications Nirma University - Ahmedabad, Gujarat May 2012 to June 2015 Bachelor of Computer in applications St. Xavier's College - Ahmedabad, Gujarat May 2008 to April 2011 Skills .net (Less than 1 year), Ajax (2 years), Bootstrap (2 years), Css (1 year), Databases (Less than 1 year), Frameworks (Less than 1 year), Git (Less than 1 year), Html (1 year), Html5 (2 years), Javascript (2 years), Jira (Less than 1 year), jquery (1 year), Json (2 years), Mysql (Less than 1 year), Sass (Less than 1 year), testing (1 year), Ui (2 years), User interface (2 years), Version control (Less than 1 year), Visual studio (Less than 1 year), Angular, Angularjs, Front End, CSS3, Front-End, Node, React