Web Developer Web <span class="hl">Developer</span> New York, NY - Over 2 years of experience in web & mobile app developing domain with emphasis on hybrid and native app design and building.  - Amazon Web Service (AWS) Certified Solutions Architect - Associate.    - Demonstrated coding skills in Xcode and other similar IDE (Webstorm, IntelliJ...).  - Team player, familiar with agile software development method, communicated frequently with designers, back- end developers, various levels of personnel.    - A self-motivated learner, keen on absorbing new knowledge and advanced techniques. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Web Developer Cyverasia - New York, NY May 2015 to November 2016 Front End Developer FreshPlanet, Inc. - New York, NY April 2013 to January 2015 Responsibilities  Front- end development in a team, work closely with UI/UX designer to fully accomplish the design.  Develop new applications or make enhancements according to project needs.   Fix bugs reported by customers on a daily basis.  Perform code reviews to identify basic technical and logical errors.     Accomplishments  Successfully launch a messaging app on AppStore  Set up and maintain a github opensource repository (adobe native extension) to solve the keyboard measurement problem.  Learn ActionScript during work in FreshPlanet.  Deep involvement in design process and make a lot of suggestions on user experience design.    Skills Used  The main programming language is ActionScript.  Photoshop and Illustrator for design  Adobe native extension requires native coding abilities. Education Master's in Computer Science École Supérieure d'Électricité - Paris (75) 2011 to 2013 Bachelor's in Microelectronics Sun Yat-sen University - Guangzhou, China 2006 to 2011 Skills ActionScript (2 years), Java (3 years), Python (Less than 1 year), Photoshop (3 years), Illustrator (2 years), Sketch (1 year), Javascript (2 years), React (1 year), AWS (2 years) Certifications/Licenses AWS Certified Solution Architect - Associate June 2016 to Present