Front End Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End Developer - Omni Management Corporation Woodbridge, VA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Front End Developer Omni Management Corporation - Washington, DC October 2014 to Present Responsibilities:  ? Translate designs to front- end code, estimate time and costs, use Bootstrap as well as implement parts of Object Oriented CSS to cut down on repetitive code, determine developer requirements and specifications.  ? Using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Angular and JQuery based on Business Requirements, wrote robust, responsive, maintainable, scalable and cross-browser code. Developing fully functional responsive prototypes.  ? Create Single Page Applications (SPA) that load a single HTML page using AngularJS and Ajax to generate continuous and responsive Web apps, without page reloads, thus dynamically updating that page as the customers' side interacts with the app.  ? Knowledge of JavaScript's frameworks and libraries, HTML5, and CSS techniques to deliver advanced user interfaces and controls.  ? Experience building responsive and robust web applications that utilize Object-oriented programming, Ajax, JSON & RESTful architecture which use promises and asynchronous techniques. UI Developer Dolce International - Potomac INC - Potomac, MD October 2012 to October 2014 Responsibilities:  ? Used HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3 and JavaScript to create clean, precise, maintainable, scalable, browser-compatible and responsive web application code from scratch.  ? Understand web application development and has knowledge of relational database systems, added interactivity to the front- end, using JavaScript and supporting libraries like jQuery for DOM manipulation. Integrate data from various back- end services and databases.  ? Converted visual designs created by the design team into HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery and created a slider plug-in for custom image slider.  ? Used SVN version control system, debugging with tools and technics Google Chrome and Firefox Developer Edition.  ? Experience working in an Agile software development methodology using sprints with Scrum framework, participate in daily stand-ups, retrospectives, planning and other required meetings, worked with quality assurance team to resolve issues.  ? Understand the Section 508 Compliance, which allows all users, regardless of disability, to access technology. Education Bachelor of Jurisprudence Tashkent State Law University 2010 Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS    Languages: HTML5/HTML, CSS3/CSS, JavaScript  Frameworks: AngularJS, jQuery, Bootstrap  Development Platform: NodeJS, ExpressJS, NPM, Grunt, Gulp, Yeoman  Developing Tools: Brackets, Sublime Text, Visual Studio Code, Webstorm  Operating Systems: Windows, Linux, Unix.  Database: MongoDB, SQL  SDLC: Agile, Waterfall  Development techniques: AJAX,  Data format: JSON, XML  Version control: SVN, CVS