Web developer Web <span class="hl">developer</span> Web developer - Glimmernet Technologies Chevy Chase, MD Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Web developer Glimmernet Technologies - Bethesda, MD October 2017 to Present Working on cross browser responsive websites based on Wordpress CMS.  Customizing Wordpress themes and plugins on clients request.  Creating new plugins to add specific functionalities to the websites.  Responsible for maintaining old websites (updating content and applying new  designs and functions).  Adding functionalities (calculator, carousel, dynamically altering content) on website using jQuery.  Upload files to the server using FTP client such as FileZilla. Front- end developer HORISEN Marketing Technology, Niš December 2013 to May 2017 Creating cross browser responsive websites from PSD files.  Using CSS framework (Bootstrap) for grid and components, in some cases writing  my own grid.  Applying functionality to webpage using JavaScript libraries such as jQuery.  Responsible for maintaining old websites (updating content and applying new  designs and functions).  Working on team that updated company's CMS (Horisen CMS - HCMS 2.0).  Using GIT for keeping project in synchronization with backend developers. If  needed change some content in MySQL database and create update script.  Upload files to the server using grunt to run rsync and sometimes over FTP with some FTP client such as FileZilla or WinSCP. Education BSEE degree University of Niš October 2006 to November 2012 electronics Faculty of Electronic Engineering Skills Bootstrap (3 years), CMS (4 years), CONTENT MANAGEMENT SYSTEM (4 years), FTP (4 years), jQuery. (4 years) Additional Information Technical skills  - HTML(5)  - CSS(3): Bootstrap, familiar with SASS  - Responsive development  - Cross browser compatibility  - Java Script (jQuery)  - CMS (Wordpress and Concrete 5)  - Familiar with PHP (Zend) and MySQL  - Familiar with Angular 2  - Familiar with AJAX    Tools - Version control software (Git and SVN)  - FTP clients (FileZilla or WinSCP)  - Grunt  - SASS compiler (Koala)  - Familiar with composer and bower  - IDE (NetBeans)  - Adobe Photoshop and Adobe Illustrator    Personal skills - Positive attitude  - Ability to meet deadlines  - Team player    Languages  - English