Software Developer Software <span class="hl">Developer</span> Software Developer Reston, VA Full stack developer specialized in PHP and JavaScript. Work on different stages of web-application development: HTML markup, database design, front- end and back- end development, external API integration.    Open to new languages and technologies. Especially interested to get experience in MEAN stack and mobile development Sponsorship required to work in the US Work Experience Software Developer CloudView Technologies - Reston, VA December 2011 to Present Cloud View Technologies provides custom designed solutions for book distributors, publishers and independent authors. It offers a cloud-based, secure suite of web applications used for eBook fulfilment, digital content delivery, aggregation, title and digital asset management.    Development of digital delivery platform for authors, publishers and instructors based on the Adobe Content Server (ACS) with support of Access Control List for digital assets.    Development of title management system that utilizes ONIX 2.1 format. Custom web-interface that features ability to upload, parse and validate books metadata in either or Excel or ONIX format and then deliver validated ONIX information to the list of recipients.    Responsibilities:  ? Back- end development in PHP using Zend Framework 1.12  ? Design of MySQL and MongoDB databases  ? Development of web UI using CSS, HTML, Twitter Bootstrap,  jQuery and it’s plugins from Photoshop design templates  ? Development of PHP library for interaction with Adobe Content  Server  ? Integration of third-party API: Google Checkout, Amazon Flexible  Payments, Amazon Login and Pay, UPS  ? Development of solution for storing ONIX 2.1 metadata in a  database  ? Development of ONIX 2.1 XML-parser and validator Front- end developer Pantry Retail, Inc October 2013 to February 2014 Pantry Retails is a San Francisco-based startup distributing smart sensor-based refrigerated vending machine, known as a Pantry, to enable businesses—such as health-care facilities, restaurants and other food sellers—to dispense fresh food automatically.    Responsibilities:  ? Development of company landing page  ? Markup of HTML templates for company emails  ? Front- end development of administrator and merchant console  ? Providing compatibility with wide range of web browsers accross  major platforms such as Mac OS X, Windows, Android and iOS Education Master's in Computer Science F.M. Dostoevsky Omsk State University - ???? 2007 to 2012 Skills PHP (5 years), Javascript, JQuery, Lamp, MongoDB, Vagrant, CSS3, Html5 Links http://stackoverflow.com/users/1372832/tamara