Front- End Developer <span class="hl">Front</span>-<span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front- End Developer - Capital One Richmond, VA Resourceful, hardworking and dedicated engineer with some weighty experiences as a Front- End or UI developer. Work Experience Front- End Developer Capital One - Richmond, VA April 2015 to Present Job Responsibilities:  • Application development with technologies like HTML5, CSS3, SASS, Angular JS, Angular 4 and 5.  • Usage of resolvers in AngularJS and Angular 4 to route resolve the data of globally available components like header and footer  • Experience in working with angular animations in angular 4 and 5 for creating various visual effects such slide in, slide out, cross-fade, fixing a button on the scroll event etc  • Involved in using the RouterModule to configure routes, using guards to protect certain routes, lazy loading of the routes to improve the performance on angular 5.  • Usage of HTTP service to fetch, post and delete on custom services before passing the data on to the component.  • Altering the structure of the response with custom services like making it a tuple, array or an object fitting to the need to display on the component view.  • Worked with custom pipes and built-in pipes such as date, currency to further filter the data to fit to the display needs.  • Usage of directives and shared components to display often repeated data at different pages on the application such as modal directive, with the experience of injecting the components on to the template run-time along with DOM manipulation using Renderer.  • Experience in using the reactive forms and forms module to save the form-data entered and post it to the API  • Involvement in getting the internal and external API's on-boarded with the API-gateway, generating tokens and testing it using Postman and Soap-UI.  • Usage of Bootstrap 4 framework to style the pages, also to make those along with few of visual effects such as fade-in, fade-out etc. for images, modals, lightboxes etc..  • Experience in working with vanilla forums having its own templating language similar to html which was hosted on a cloud server connected to the JS code of the application.  • Worked with Site catalyst web analytics coding for the angular application with different taxonomies for the page load and also for the tracking different events such as click, scroll, etc  • Unit testing of the application with jasmine using karma to test the API calls on components, test cases for services, directives and pipes along protractor automated end-to- end testing for different visual functionality check such as click, scroll etc..    Client: Arrow Electronics, Englewood, CO Role; UI Developer  Job Responsibilities:  • Development of web pages using HTML5, CSS, SASS, Angular JS technologies.  • Got familiar with the custom CSS library designed to use in the development of webpages  • Use of angular JS templates and directives available in a custom library to develop the web pages.  • Interaction with UX team to know the exact design and functionality required on the webpage.  • Working with UX team to help them prepare an initial working template to help other developers while developing it.  • Interaction with QA team to know the defects and to work on them back and forth to solve the defects.    Client: Hewlett Packard Enterprise, Fort Collins, CO Role: UI Developer  Job Responsibilities:  • Designed graphs using angular-nvd3 visualization library that show the number and cost of orders, requests and services over time with respect to an organization.  • Worked with Angular validation directives such as ng-valid, ng-invalid etc while upgrading the existing LDAP directory access protocol to have more options with SAML and JAAS protocols to add more users at the organization admin level.  • DOM manipulation with the custom directive's link function to manipulate the view at run-time based on the data on the shop-application.  • Involved in theming the application with Foundation, also having a public API and injecting different styles to make it dynamic through the SASS mixins.  • Experience in localizing the application to around 15 languages with the language angular filter, of which direction was set to left to right for two left to right languages using Foundation.  • Filtering and altering response structure with custom services on the shop and products applications to extend, merge the objects using Sugar JS.  • Used Angular-ui-router to provider routing in the application with child states, parent states and nested multiple views since Propel as a platform had different applications with each feature containing multiple views.  • Involved in making the application compliant with the accessibility 508 standards along with WCAG (Web Content Accessibility Guidelines) and VPAT (Voluntary Product Accessibility Template) guidelines  • Involved in developing middlewares with building new APIs, with the mock data using Express JS while the actual API code was not in place.  • Development of tasks such as serve, beautify with gulp to run the application and beautify the code along with NPM and Bower as package managers to package and bundle different API and UI modules of the application.  • Manual cross-browser testing to verify all the functionality, visual effects, look and feel of different pages of different applications and defect fixing in case of browser specific defects.  • Unit test cases for all http calls for each promise success and rejection scenarios, chained promises, services, directives and controllers.    Client: Anthem Inc., Richmond, VA Role: UI Developer  Job Responsibilities:  • Worked closely with designers to understand and redesign the Package Customization and Service Locator Modules using HTML 5, CSS3, JQuery.  • Used Ajax calls through AngularJS to populate the data tables on the front- end.  • Extended Bootstrap classes to build custom front- end controls.  • Participated in the research of new technologies like JQUERY-Mobile for few potential mobile app development efforts.  • Have written test cases with jasmine and run it through grunt JS and karma.  • Used Test Driven Development (TDD) techniques to develop a working and reliable software early.  • Worked extensively on the improving the application performance  • Worked with QA team on daily basis in fixing the reported bugs/defects and checking cross platform compatibility. UI Developer BMX Soft Infomatics Pvt Ltd - Bengaluru, Karnataka August 2012 to July 2013 Job Responsibilities:  • Developed the user friendly interface using HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, Sass, JavaScript and jQuery  • Creating and maintaining UI prototypes and specifications  • Worked to build efficient web applications using the RESTful web services.  • Responsible for the (D3) Design, Deploy and development of the web applications  • Implemented Validation Controls and created Custom Validation Controls using JavaScript.  • Designed and implemented an algorithm to determine which products should be marketed together  • Developed queries to get statistics Education Master of Science New Jersey Institute of Technology December 2014 Bachelors of Engineering in VOLUNTEER ACTIVITIES/ACHIEVEMENTS Sri Jayachamarajendra College of Engineering June 2012 Skills jQuery (4 years), AJAX (3 years), HTML (3 years), JAVASCRIPT (Less than 1 year), .NET (Less than 1 year) Additional Information SKILLS  Web Technologies: HTML/HTML 5, CSS3/2, JavaScript, AJAX, JQuery, JSON, Angular 1,4 & 5.  JavaScript Libraries: JQuery, Angular JS, Node JS, Express JS.  Version Control: SVN and Git.  Debugging Tools: Firebug, Chrome  IDE & Tools: Eclipse, Visual Studio, Visual Studio code, WebStorm, HP Agile Manager, Gulp  Operating System: Windows 98/2000/XP/Vista/7/8/10, MAC OS X