Fullstack Developer Fullstack <span class="hl">Developer</span> Fullstack Developer Miami, FL Results-oriented Front End Developer with superior problem-solving and critical thinking skills, as well as a meticulous attention to detail and methodical nature. Skilled in tackling problems in unique ways to develop innovative solutions. Work Experience Fullstack Developer Softeq Development - Minsk, BY November 2016 to March 2018 - Minsk  • Built, tested and deployed scalable, highly available and modular software products.  • Worked closely with clients to establish problem specifications and system designs.  • Debugged and modified software components.  • Coded for about 4 websites using Angular 4.  • Wrote clean, clear and well-tested code for various projects.  • Created single page web applications.  • Analyzed complex user requirements, procedures, and problems to improve existing system design.  • Developed end-to- end application components involving business layer, persistence layer, and database and web services layer.  • Perform test plan preparation and unit and system testing. Front End Developer SmartApps - Minsk, BY July 2015 to September 2016 - Minsk  • Worked in an Agile-driven environment to effectively maintain project timelines and utilize available resources.  • Produced websites compatible with multiple browsers.  • Consulted with customers to gather requirements and discuss design choices.  • Provided methodologies for object-oriented software development and efficient database design.  • Collaborated with clients from concept through final delivery of product or service.  • Established compatibility with third party software products by developing program for modification and integration.  • Collaborated with other developers to identify and alleviate the number of bugs in the software.  • Debugged and modified software components. Education Fullstack Web Development Ironhack - Miami, FL 2018 diploma in mathematics and physics Belarusian University of Informatics and Radioelectronics - Minsk, BY 2013 High School Diploma High School ?2 2007 Skills ADOBE PHOTOSHOP (Less than 1 year), ADOBE PREMIERE (Less than 1 year), API (Less than 1 year), AWS (Less than 1 year), BOOTSTRAP (Less than 1 year) Links https://github.com/bartosian https://www.linkedin.com/in/kirbart Additional Information Skills  • Strong verbal communication  • Skilled in stack MEAN  • Self-motivated  • Public speaking  • Interpersonal and written communication  • Methodology implementation  • User interface understanding  • Extremely organized  • Code validation skills    • JavaScript  • TypeScript  • Angular6  • JQuery  • NodeJS  • Express  • HTML5  • CSS3  • Git  • MongoDB  • RxJs  • AWS  • Agile  • Bootstrap 4  • Adobe Photoshop  • Adobe Premiere Pro  • Responsive Design  • REST API