Front End Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Web Developer - Fiberguide Industries, Sterling NJ Woodbridge, NJ • 3.5+ years of extensive Experience in designing User Interface (UI) applications and professional web applications using HTML 4.0/5, XHTML, CSS2/CSS3, JAVASCRIPT, JQUERY, AJAX, AND JSON.  • Extensive experience, knowledge, and passion for email marketing.  • Good Understanding of Document Object Model (DOM) and DOM Functions.  • Expertise in Client Side designing and validations using HTML, DHTML and Java Script.  • Experience with Firebug for Mozilla and IE Developer Toolbar for Internet Explorer.  • Developed single page applications using Angular JS.  • Experience with JavaScript MVC Frameworks such as Angular JS 1.4 and 1.6.  • Experienced working in both AGILE and Waterfall based development environment and participating in SCRUM sessions.  • Experience with a front- end responsive framework tools such as SASS, LESS and Bootstrap.  • Responsible for checking cross browser compatibility, Responsive Web Design and hence worked on different browsers like Safari, Firefox, Google Chrome and Internet Explorer with high traffic websites.  • Experience integrating the third party Social Media Tools provided by web site thereby transforming it into two-way conversation place where registered users can interact directly with the content and each other using HTML, CSS, JavaScript AngularJS and JQuery. Worked with teams where requirements are constantly being implemented, tested and improved.  • Used JQuery to develop user interface widgets Applications.  • Incorporated the table less design methodology using CSS3 that follows W3C standards.  • Well versed W3C standards.  • Have good communication skills to discuss the projects with technical and non-technical SME's.  • Knowledge using various IDE's Notepad++, Eclipse, sublime and Webstrom.  • Some of the attributes that would describe me would be Team player, Quick learner, Self-Motivated and Strong interest in Front End Development.  • Knowledge in System Testing, Integration Testing, Functional Testing, Regression Testing and performance testing with manual and automation testing.  • Expert in documentation using MS tools (Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Access). Work Experience Front End Developer Blackbear Advertising Agency September 2016 to March 2018 Blackbear Media develops creative advertising and marketing campaigns. Website design, search marketing, social media, print and mobile. I help build a message that will get the attention of your target audience and increase your sales while decreasing your overhead.    Responsibilities:  • Developed the UI layout and front- end programming (HTML) for web application that matched requirements. Working in the Agile/Scrum development environment with frequently changing requirements and actively participated in scrum meetings and reviews.  • Bootstrap used along with AngularJS in creating the Application (SPA).  • Development of Client Side Form Validation techniques using AngularJS1.6.  • Designed the front- end applications, user interactive (UI) web pages using web technologies like HTML/5 and CSS/3.  • Proficient with CSS preprocessors including LESS and SASS.  • REST - the standard HTTP request and response mechanism, simplifying implementation and providing for a looser coupling of the client and server.  • Responsible for creating efficient design and developing User Interaction screens using HTML5 (new tags like audio, video, canvas) CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX and JSON.  • Developed a cross-device/cross-browser web application for real-time location sharing utilizing AngularJS.  • Worked with Unit tests using Karma as a test runner and Jasmine as a testing framework  • Implemented code according to coding standards and Created AngularJS Controller, which isolate scopes perform operations.  • Developed custom directives and Services in AngularJS.  • Participated in the entire E-Commerce phase of development cycle from design, testing, and implementation  • Worked with E-commerce databases to develop shopping cart manager  • Developed product inventory and point of sale applications (POS)  • Developer brokers for credit card payment gateways  • Web Design (RWD) and did data manipulations to display data in company standard format in UI.  • Implemented faster mobile-friendly applications using Twitter Bootstrap framework.  • Tested cross browser functionality and fixed major layout bugs for supported browsers.    Environment: Web storm, AngularJS 1.4 and 1.6, HTML/HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, Bootstrap, REST Web Services, AJAX, and JSON. Web Developer Fiberguide Industries, Sterling NJ March 2014 to July 2016 Fiber guide Industries is a strategic partner with OEM manufacturers to provide fiber optic solutions engineered to meet their specific needs. Their Corporate headquarters and fiber manufacturing is located in Stirling, New Jersey; applications engineering, component, and assembly manufacturing in Caldwell, Idaho; as well as a sales office and manufacturing in Shanghai, China.    Responsibilities:  • Created responsive design based on user documents.  • Prepared Information architecture flows and mockups during the requirement gathering.  • Worked on MVC Architecture and developed presentation layer using HTML, CSS, Angularjs1.4, AJAX, and JSON.  • Recently participated in creating Transaction Grids and Search feature in Angular JS that involved making $http AJAX calls, two way data-binding and reusable template  • Used CSS based design techniques to eliminate table-based layouts and CSS Sprites to speed up page loading and improve the website performance.  • Implemented MVC Frameworks, Bootstrap to create Responsive web pages.  • Managed CMS and uploaded content on it on a regular basis.  • Worked on Angularjs to create single page application (SPA) using angular routing.  • Worked on form validation using angularjs properties and directives.  • Worked on AngularJS in creating templates (directives) and factories to interact with REST services  • Involved in Testing and fixing bugs for the designed product.  • Bootstrap used along with Angular JS in creating the Application.  • Prepared exchange outlook Email marketing campaign strategies and design optimization for web & mobile devices.    Environment: HTML/5, CSS/3, JQuery, JavaScript, Ajax, MVC Framework-Angular.js, JSON, XML, Tomcat AS, Web Strom. Education Master's Skills AJAX (2 years), AngularJS (2 years), JavaScript (3 years), jQuery (3 years), JSON. (3 years) Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:  UI Web Technologies  HTML4/ 5, XHTML, XML, CSS2/3, JavaScript, AngularJS, JQuery, JSON, AJAX, and Responsive Web design (BOOTSTRAP, MEDIA QUERY).  IDE, Editors  Eclipse IDE, Sublime, Notepad++, MS Visual Studio, WebStrom    Web/App Servers  Apache Tomcat 7, HTTP Web Server    Database  ORACLE, MYSQL, SQL SERVER, TOAD  Operating Systems  Windows NT, Windows XP, Win 7, Windows 8, Windows8.1  Methodologies  Agile, Waterfall