Front- end Developer <span class="hl">Front</span>-<span class="hl">end</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> • Since July 2010, have 3.5 years of extensive hands on developing web portals using latest and  different technologies in IT industry as Front- end Developer.    • An experienced team player with good communication and interpersonal skills who has the  ability to work independently under pressure can lead, motivate and influence others and can  train and mentor subordinates.    • Graduated in 2010 from the Army Institute of Technology (Pune University), Pune.    • Currently working as a UI Developer in GalaxE Solutions.    • His job responsibilities includes    Requirement Analysis,  Co-ordinate with other Teams,    Developing reports,    Creating Template, Updating and Implementation of Contents.    He has always taken the initiative in meeting project deadlines without compromising on the quality of  the deliverables.    He believes the most important skill is LEARNABILITY where he copes up with any technology in a very  quick way. He has experience in handling the whole project single handily with nice coordinating with his  or her onsite counterpart.    Front- End Developer  -User-Interface and User-Experience analysis and design experience with a focus on Web 2.0  technologies.    -Work with PMs and Tech leads on scoping and planning effort estimation and timeline for  development.    - Build UI frameworks, template definitions and document best coding/UI recommendations and  Designed intuitive and user-friendly interface and prototypes using HTML, CSS, JS and JQUery.    - Develop and enforce SEO, Security, Accessibility guidelines & Web standards into the workflow. Like  semantic markup, W3C Validation etc.    - Work on security compliance which includes query optimization, resolving cross-side scripting and  cross-browser compatible using Accessibility, Fiddler Web Debugger, HTTPWatch and Firebug.    - Conduct training and Sessions for team members on latest web technologies like JQuery, JS Plug-ins  and third party integration.    - Identify problems uncovered by testing or customer feedback, and correct problems or refer  problems to appropriate personnel for correction.    - Identify problems uncovered by testing or customer feedback, and correct problems or refer  problems to appropriate personnel for correction.    - Experience of working very near with QA team for ensuring the quality of the web site before  displaying it on the web.  PROJECT INFORMATION (12 july 2010 to till date): Work Experience Front- end Developer July 2010 to Present • Since July 2010, have 3.5 years of extensive hands on developing web portals using latest and different technologies in IT industry as Front- end Developer.    • An experienced team player with good communication and interpersonal skills who has the ability to work independently under pressure can lead, motivate and influence others and can  train and mentor subordinates. Army Institute of Technology July 2010 to Present Project Name: Header Entry & Order Completion  Client Name: Express Scripts Holding Company  URL: Not yet Launched  Language Used: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Jquery, MVC Framework based on Backbone.js, requirejs    Project Description: Migration of existing HEOC site build on Visual Basic to web based with new  features and enhancements using HTML5, CSS3, MVC framework for UI and Require.js.  Role: Site Developer    • Designing and developing web pages and migrating existing VB screens.  • Using HTML/HTML5 and Google Closure Template for UI mark-up creation.  • Site is based on MVC framework, developed using backbone.js  • Using require.js for dependency loading.  • The extensive use of object oriented javascript, Ajax, jQuery and web services.  • Strictly following ESI and industry standards for UI development.    Project Name: BB & T Bank  URL: Not yet Launched  Language Used: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Jquery, Adobe Photoshop    Project Description: Migration of existing BB & T site to CMS platform Interwoven with new features and enhancements using HTML5, CSS3, SASS and Require.js.  Role: Site Developer    • Functional HTML/CSS/Javascript enhancement.  • Creating template and independent components and providing as reusable code.  Project Name: HarleyDavidson    URL: http://www.harley-davidson.com/en_US/Content/Pages/home.html    Language Used: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Jquery, Adobe Photoshop    Project Description: Migration of existing Harley Davidson site to CMS platform Adobe's CQ 5.5 with new features and enhancements using HTML5, CSS3, SASS and Require.js.  Role: Site Developer    • Functional HTML/CSS/Javascript enhancement.  • Extracting the components and providing as reusable code.    Project Name: Fiat India  URL: http://www.fiat-india.com/    Language Used: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Jquery, Adobe Photoshop    Project Description: Fiat India is part of Chrysler Group project. In this there is various modules such as FAD(Find a dealer), Vehicle Landing Page(VLP), GAB, Schedule a test drive etc.    Role: Site Developer  • Translate wireframes, comps, and functional requirements into functional HTML/CSS/Javascript.  • Execute component design patterns according to Sapient and Industry best practices.  • Develop standards compliant mark-up and code for the site  o HTML5, xHTML  o CSS2 / CSS3  o Object Oriented JavaScript    • Produce, re-purpose creative assets using toolsets like Adobe Photoshop.  • Integrate Social Media plug-ins and apis like FB etc    Project Name: Uconnect®  URL: http://www.driveuconnect.com    Language Used: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Jquery, Adobe Photoshop    Project Description: Uconnect® Access brings the latest technology to the Chrysler, Dodge, Fiat, RAM  Trucks and SRT vehicles. A suite of features designed to keep you focused on driving, connected and entertained.  Role: Site Developer    • Convert the Visual Design templates to HTML Pages.  • Develop components according to Sapient and Industry best practices  o Semantic markup  o Search Engine Optimization  o Progressive Enhancement  o Accessibility (A, AA, AAA)  o Cross Browser  o W3C    Project Name: Jeep USA  URL: http://www.jeep.com/en/    Language Used: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Jquery, Adobe Photoshop    Project Description: Jeep is part of Chrysler Group. In this there is various modules such as FAD(Find a  dealer), Vehicle Landing Page(VLP), GAB, Schedule a test drive etc.    Role: Site Developer  • Developing various modules/components.  • Use standard toolsets to develop, validate and test code  o Dreamweaver / notepad ++ / Sublime Text  o Firefox - Developer toolbar / firebug / YSlow  o IE7, 8, 9 - Developer toolbar, Debug Bar  o W3c Validator    Project Name: Chrysler USA  URL: http://www.chrysler.com/en/    Language Used: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Jquery, Adobe Photoshop    Project Description: Chrysler is part of Chrysler Group. The official Chrysler site provides information on owner's manual, accessories catalog, parts, recalls, payment and dealers etc.    Role: Site Developer  • Designing of new templates.  • Updating the Incentives and features and specification of newly launch vehicles.  • Maintenance of the site.  Core Values:  1. Good Interpersonal Skills, Analytical Skills, Team building Activities, commitment,  result oriented, hard working with a quest and zeal to learn new technologies and undertake challenging tasks. UI Developer Army Institute of Technology - Pune, Maharashtra 2010 to Present in GalaxE Solutions.    • His job responsibilities includes    Requirement Analysis,  Co-ordinate with other Teams,    Developing reports,    Creating Template, Updating and Implementation of Contents.  He has always taken the initiative in meeting project deadlines without compromising on the quality of the deliverables.    He believes the most important skill is LEARNABILITY where he copes up with any technology in a very  quick way. He has experience in handling the whole project single handily with nice coordinating with his or her onsite counterpart.    Front- End Developer  -User-Interface and User-Experience analysis and design experience with a focus on Web 2.0  technologies.    -Work with PMs and Tech leads on scoping and planning effort estimation and timeline for development.    - Build UI frameworks, template definitions and document best coding/UI recommendations and  Designed intuitive and user-friendly interface and prototypes using HTML, CSS, JS and JQUery.    - Develop and enforce SEO, Security, Accessibility guidelines & Web standards into the workflow. Like  semantic markup, W3C Validation etc.    - Work on security compliance which includes query optimization, resolving cross-side scripting and cross-browser compatible using Accessibility, Fiddler Web Debugger, HTTPWatch and Firebug.    - Conduct training and Sessions for team members on latest web technologies like JQuery, JS Plug-ins and third party integration.    - Identify problems uncovered by testing or customer feedback, and correct problems or refer  problems to appropriate personnel for correction.    - Identify problems uncovered by testing or customer feedback, and correct problems or refer  problems to appropriate personnel for correction.    - Experience of working very near with QA team for ensuring the quality of the web site before displaying it on the web. Education B.E ARMY INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY Affiliate under Pune University - Pune, Maharashtra Arya Inter College - Dehra Dun, Uttarakhand Additional Information • Operating Systems - Windows XP and Windows 7.    • Debugging Tools: Fiddler Boilerplate, Web Debugger, FireBug, Sprite Generator, Developer's  Tool, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Dreamweaver, W3C Validation, Accessibility.    • MVC for UI based on object oriented javascript, requirejs, ajax and Google Closure templates.    • Programing Language: C, C++.