Front end UI developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">end</span> UI <span class="hl">developer</span> Front end UI developer • Expertise in designing web applications using HTML5, XML, XHTML, DOM, CSS, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, Angular 4,5,6, Bootstrap, JQuery, JSON.  • Proficient with client-side web technologies HTML, HTML5, CSS, CSS3, AJAX, JSON, JavaScript, JQuery and Bootstrap.  • Experience in AngularJS structural framework for Dynamic web application.  • Exceptional understanding in JavaScript frameworks like JQuery  • Implemented Single Page Application (SPA) architecture and client side MVC using Angular JS.  • Wrote several angular module using controllers, services, directives and filters.  • Exceptional understanding in JavaScript frameworks like JQuery.  • Developed the custom components using AngularJS custom directives.  • Excellent working knowledge and through exposure on compatibility issues with different versions of browsers like Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Safari and Google Chrome.  • Working with Bootstrap twitter framework to Design single page application.  • Experience in Angular.JS, node.JS, Twitter Bootstrap framework for developing UI.  • Expertise in developing Web-enabled application using Bootstrap.  • Used Visual Studio 2008 through 2015 for developing Web and windows-based applications.  • Excellent experience in Coordination with Clients, Onshore Team and Senior Managers.  • Good experience in coding and debugging application using debug tool, such as Firebug, IE Tester and Chrome inspector.  • Strong problem-solving ability and analytical skills and able to integrate quickly into the team and work independently toward team goals.  • Involved in various phases of Software Development Life Cycle i.e. Requirement Analysis, Design, Implementation and Testing.  • Experience in designing UI patterns and UI applications with the help of Adobe products like Adobe Dreamweaver CS3, Adobe Photoshop, and Adobe Illustrator CS3.  • Good Knowledge in using Jade Template and integrating back- end applications with AJAX driven web 2.0 front- end using OO JavaScript framework.  • Remarkable knowledge of design, normalization and Database Management Concepts.  • Experience in database design using PL/SQL to write Stored Procedures, Functions, Triggers and strong experience in writing complex queries, using Oracle, SQL Server and MySQL.  • Experience in using agile software methodology.  • Expertise in maintaining the websites, software, modifying and understanding the existing code.  • Hands on experience with object-oriented JavaScript code and responsible for client-side validation using Angular Directives and JQuery functions.  • Hands on experience for HTML/CSS /JSP direct coding with focus on Cross-browser/Cross-platform compliance.  • Experience in DOM (Document Object Model) and DOM functions.  • Strong experience in writing and updating the technical documents on daily basis with the changes made to the existing environment on daily basis. Work Experience Front end UI developer DXC Technology TX January 2018 to May 2019 Responsibilities:  • Expertise in designing web applications using HTML5, XML, XHTML, DOM, CSS, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Node JS, AJAX, Angular 6, React JS, Bootstrap, JQuery.  • Proficient with client-side web technologies HTML, HTML5, CSS, CSS3, AJAX, JavaScript, JSON, JQuery and Bootstrap.  • Experience in Angular structural framework for Dynamic web application.  • Exceptional understanding in JavaScript frameworks like JQuery  • Implemented Single Page Application (SPA) architecture and client side MVC using Angular JS.  • Used Node JS to develop I/O intensive web applications like video streaming sites, single page applications and other web applications.  • Exceptional understanding in JavaScript frameworks like JQuery.  • Expertise in object-oriented JavaScript and framework such as AngularJS  • Developed the custom components using Angular 6.  • Excellent working knowledge and through exposure on compatibility issues with different versions of browsers like Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Safari and Google Chrome.  • Working with Bootstrap twitter framework to Design single page application.  • Experience in Angular 6, node.JS, Twitter Bootstrap framework for developing UI.  • Expertise in developing Web-enabled application using Bootstrap.  • Good knowledge of Angular 6 frameworks and libraries such as JQuery and JavaScript, Bootstrap, Responsive design and is aware of cross-browser compatibility.  • Professional understanding of System development life cycle (SDLC) as well as various phases such as Analysis/Design, Development and Testing.    • Extensively used JQuery in implementing various GUI components in application portal.  • Used JQuery to make the HTML, DHTML and CSS code interact with the JavaScript functions to add dynamism to the web pages at the client side.  • Tested React components and application using Jasmine and Karma.  • Used Angular 6 as framework to create a Single Page Application (SPA) which can bind data to specific views and synchronize data with server.  • Used Agile methodology for the software development.  • Actively Participated in Team Meetings, frequently communicated with Business Analysts to clarify the business requirements.    Environment: HTML5, JavaScript, Backbone JS, Angular 6, Ext JS, AJAX, CSS 2/3, JSON, jQuery 1.3.1, XML, Apache Tomcat 5x, JBoss AS 5.1. Front end UI developer Samiteon LLC October 2016 to December 2017 Responsibilities:  • Involved in complete Agile/SDLC - Requirement Analysis, Development, System and Integration Testing.  • Create and maintain web pages using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQUERY and also responsible for Designing of Web pages including Ajax controls and XML  • Involved to create different cross browser compatible user interactive web pages, using web technologies like HTML, XHTML, and CSS.  • Worked with HTML, CSS background, CSS Layouts, CSS positioning, CSS text, CSS border, CSS margin, CSS padding, Pseudo elements and CSS behaviors.  • Followed MVC Structure to develop Application.  • Edited web pages for achieving design goals with CSS3, JavaScript and JQUERY.  • Worked with Angular JS for creating own HTML elements for building a very companied Web site which is open Source Project.  • Responsible to manipulate HTML, CSS in JQuery as well as making page's dynamic using  AJAX, JSON and XML  • Used Bootstrap framework for developing customizable and fully responsive for various screen sizes in mobile, tablet and desktop.  • Used the Node JS, AngularJS, MVC framework for the development of web applications.  • Built complex desktop-style UI using HTML, CSS, JSP, JavaScript and React JS, Angular.JS, including configuration wizards and interactive reports.  • Created XHTML Pages with CSS and the Box Model.  • Used jQuery core library functions for the logical implementation part at client side for all the applications.  • Worked with Bootstrap for compiling CSS, JavaScript and building the System with the convenient methods with Angular JS.  • Extensively worked in defect maintenance of front- end issues.  • Extensively used Angular UI-grid to create tables with templates on headers and cells for a different project of theirs.  • Created highly dynamic user interactive web application with extensive use of Angular JS for a different project of theirs.    • Implemented AJAX calls with Ext JS and handled request and responses for various modules.  • Worked on creating responsive website for smart devices using responsive design and media queries.    Environment: JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3, Angular js, Angular Material, React JS, Node js. Web Services, Oracle 11g, Agile Methodology, Windows. UI Front End Developer Try Logic Pvt. Ltd June 2014 to March 2015 Responsibilities:  • Understand the business requirement and its implementation plan clearly.  • Evaluate business requirements, perform a gap analysis and create Input Plan documentation.  • Coordinate with business, functional owners to derive and execute action plans, meeting deadlines, standards and stakeholder's expectations.  • Developed securing the application using form-based authentication using HTML, JavaScript, JQuery and CSS.  • Followed MVC Structure to develop Application.  • Worked with Angular JS for creating own HTML elements for building a very companied Web site which is a open Source Project  • Front- end UI development and laid out application structure with technologies like Angular JS and JQuery.  • Extensively used factory object in Node JS to use the common functions in different views to redundancy and improve maintenance of the code.  • Organized the internal site for managing environments, and project details using HTML, CSS3, JavaScript and JQuery scrolling pages to tabbed template structure.  • Debugging issues from client side especially with IE, Mozilla, Chrome and safari.  • Experience working with testing tools like Firebug, Firebug Lite, Chrome or safari web inspectors and IE Developer Toolbar.  • Expertise with CSS Selectors, classes, id, pseudo classes, Inheritance and concepts.  • Implemented the Drag and Drop functionality using React-Draggable  • Closely worked with business system analyst to understand the requirements to ensure that right set of UI modules are being built Single page application using Angular 6, Bootstrap and node JS.  • Developed user interface by using the React JS, Flux for SPA development.  • Involved in creating a reusable component using React JS for DOM manipulation in a different project of theirs.  • Responsible for the implementation of Web Design based on CSS3, HTML5 and Angular Material.  • Responsible for implementing Restful APIs using spring framework.  • Written the test cases for the React components using Unit testing.  • Successfully performed the Restful APIs Integration using XML and JSON.    Environment: HTML 4.0/5, JavaScript, CSS3, JQuery, AJAX, Responsive Web Design, Angular JS, Require JS, Backbone JS, Node JS, React JS, Ext JS, XML, W3C, JSON, DOM, DHTML, JSP 1.2 and Windows. Front end UI developer Magna InfoTech Pvt. Ltd India August 2013 to May 2014 Responsibilities:  • Participated in meetings with the end-clients to develop layout, color scheme for the webpage and implemented them with the help of HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript.  • Worked in developing dynamic robust UI screens using CSS, HTML, XHTML, JavaScript, Bootstrap, and jQuery.  • Involved in Designing and programming standard-based websites for medium sized businesses utilizing HTML, CSS3/CSS, JavaScript, and JQuery.  • Used Angular.JS, JQuery and JavaScript for front end web designing.  • Implemented Angular.JS application to follow strict MVC patterns for improved source code maintenance.  • Extensively used CSS3 and Bootstrap for styling the HTML5 elements.  • Used jQuery core library functions for the logical implementation part at client side for all the applications.  • Extensively used CSS and Bootstrap for styling the HTML elements.  • Participated in development of a new business application for the layout using Grid orientation model Bootstrap framework.  • Designing and implementing functionality using technologies including JavaScript, AJAX, and JavaScript frameworks such as JQuery.  • Used agile methodology for the software development.  • Built responsive site using Bootstrap that fits devices of different visual sizes.  • Developed and designed the various screens and its architecture in accordance to client branding standards.  • Worked with JSON based web services and with entire Angular JS suite of tools.  • Converted the already existing Struts applications to use Groovy Grails 2.3.4.  • Worked on a client-side Angular application to allow updating content from various devices.  • Developed a core component of Analytics with Angular JS.  • Worked on the UI of a web-based content management system built with React and Redux.  • Extensively used Debugging Cascading Style Sheets to change the styles now and in the future.  • Developed front- end web pages using JSP, Java Script and HTML5, CSS3, JQuery, Angular JS and Ext JS.    Environment: Java 1.5, J2EE, CSS, Java Script, JSP, Hibernate, JMS, JPA, JQuery, Eclipse, Struts, Websphere 6, UML, HTML, Java Script, XML. Education Master's Silicon Valley University 2016 Skills Javascript, Json, Xml, Angularjs, Html5 Additional Information Technical skills:    Web Technologies: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, JSON, AJAX, XML, XHTML, SSL, AngularJS, React JS  Framework JQuery, Angular 4/5/6 & React Js  Database MySQL, Oracle.  Web Servers Apache HTTP Server, Apache Tomcat 5.5/6.0  Web IDE Tools Dreamweaver, Microsoft Expression, Notepad++, Firebug, Eclipse2.x/3.x, Sublime Text 3.  Operating Systems: Windows 7/8, MAC OS X, Linux, Unix.  Testing Jasmine, Karma.