Front End UI Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End UI Developer - PayPal Austin, TX ? Over 7 years of extensive experience as a Front End UI Developer with solid understanding of database designing, development and installation of different modules.  ? Professional understanding of System development life cycle (SDLC) as well as various phases such as Analysis, Design, Development and Testing.  ? Expert in developing User Interface (UI) applications and professional web applications using JavaScript, XML, HTML5 /DHTML, DOM, XHTML, JQuery, CSS3, and Ajax.  ? Expertise in building strong websites confirming Web 2.0 standards using Yahoo User Interface (YUI) Framework, Dojo, JQuery, HTML5, XHTML, DHTML & CSS3 to develop valid code and table-free sties.  ? Excellent experience in developing applications that meet the requirements as specified by Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.0.  ? Experienced in monitoring the Production Environments under 24/7 (under on-call rotation) to meet the Service Level Agreements set by the management.  ? Extensive experience in various UI widgets using JavaScript libraries like angular.js, node.js and developing Rich Internet Applications RIA.  ? Professional in creating Templates, Mockups and Prototypes, Web Interfaces, Layouts and Flow of Future Pages.  ? Extensive experience on implementing the AJAX features using JavaScript and jQuery.  ? Worked with Visual Studio in development for creating Websites, Web Parts and Master Pages.  ? Experienced in using Front End editors like Dreamweaver, Espresso, Text Mate, Sublime Text2 and WebStorm.  ? Experience in creating functional specifications with visual design mockups in Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator and Adobe Flash.  ? Strong knowledge in cross browser compatibility issues and W3C standards. Good Knowledge in using Dojo Components and integrating back- end applications with AJAX driven web 2.0 front- end using OO JavaScript framework.  ? Experience in database design and writing complex queries, using Oracle 8i/9i/10g/11g, SQL Server and MySQL.  ? Experience applying the latest development approaches including MVC, event-driven applications using AJAX, Object Oriented (OO) Java Script, JSON, and XML.  ? Skills in web development, Linux operating system, SOA, SaaS, strategy, marketing, internal systems, database systems, server admin, data visualization, web frameworks, email marketing, form conversion optimization, agile development, agile team building.  ? Excellent working knowledge and thorough exposure on compatibility issues with different versions of browsers like Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Safari and Google Chrome.  ? Experience on working with CSS backgrounds, Layouts, Positioning, Text, Border, Padding, Pseudo Classes, Elements and CSS behaviors in CSS.  ? Experienced in the construction of Magento Website.  ? Experienced in the Front- end debugging in Backbone JS  ? Created responsive designs, modals, tables, forms, buttons, image carousels, navigation and many other using Bootstrap.  ? Performed Unit testing on angular applications using tools like Karma, Jasmine.  ? Excellent interpersonal abilities, communication skills, time management and Team skills with an intention to work hard to attain project deadlines under stressful environments. Work Experience Front End UI Developer PayPal - Austin, TX September 2015 to Present Responsibilities  ? Developed the User Interactive web pages in a professional manner by using web technologies like HTML, XHTML, and CSS as per company standards.  ? Created and maintained the framework and layout of each "Admin Portal with Cascading Style Sheets (CSS).  ? Responsible to manipulate HTML5, CSS3 in jQuery as well as making the page's dynamic using AJAX, JSON and XML.  ? Discussed various ideas/suggestions for the ongoing web sites regarding the page layout and creative design.  ? Maintained Cross Browser compatibility & implement Responsive Design using Twitter Bootstrap, custom media queries, etc.  ? Wrote new frontend and backend for "Admin Portal", an internal PayPal application using Backbone JS  ? Redesigned user interface HTML frameworks with Bootstrap and CSS styling.  ? Implemented client-side validations using JavaScript.  ? Responsible for transforming designed mock-ups to web pages.  ? Conducted unit testing with Firebug, IE Tester and end-to- end testing on the supported browsers and devices.  ? Creating pages in Site Core and validating the HTML code with W3C Validator.  ? Responsible for creating dynamic server side pages using JSP.  ? Taking the product through the entire lifecycle of analysis, design, coding, testing and implementation and support.  ? Created an on -the-fly configuration changes set up, with application saved in Node.js  ? Extensively involved in redesigning the entire site with CSS LESS styles for consistent look and feel across all browsers and all pages.  ? Followed SCRUM methodology.  ? Used Grunt, to build and deploy code to multiple environments.    Environment: HTML 4/5, CSS 2/3, JavaScript, JQuery, Node JS, Backbone JS, Jenkins, XML, AJAX, JSON, Mac, WCAG2, Git & Git Hub, Photoshop, IE, Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, WebStorm. Front End UI Developer The Neat Company - Philadelphia, PA May 2015 to August 2015 Responsibilities  ? Designed business applications using web technologies like HTML4/5, XHTML, and CSS2/3 based on the W3C standards.  ? Page design, development of their new "The Neat Company" ecommerce site from beginning to ending.  ? Redesign, implementing new features and Managing of the Magento Ecommerce Site.  ? Maintained Cross Browser compatibility & implement Responsive Design using Twitter Bootstrap, custom media queries, etc.  ? Implemented client-side validations using JavaScript.  ? Responsible for transforming designed mock-ups to web pages.  ? Worked with the Database Schema design and normalization for database accessed by the procedural PHP pages.  ? Mobile development- Conversion of fixed width desktop site to responsive Bootstrap platform- Android/IPhone.  ? Creating pages in Site Core and validating the HTML code with W3C Validator.  ? Responsible for creating dynamic server side pages using JSP.  ? Taking the product through the entire lifecycle of analysis, design, coding, testing and implementation and support.  ? Development of Dynamic Web Application using PHP and MySQL like forms, shopping cart and to large Application like Content Management System Assigned the responsibilities of troubleshooting problems with PHP.  ? Creating and managing CMS Application  ? Extensively involved in redesigning the entire site with CSS LESS styles for consistent look and feel across all browsers and all pages.  ? Followed SCRUM methodology.  ? Used JIRA for bug tracking and issue tracking.  ? Designed complete layout of the framework and look of the website.  ? Proven track record demonstrating innovative and unique designing skills, computer proficiency, ability to work in a stressful environment with projects and interaction with every team member.  Environment: HTML 4/5, CSS 2/3, JavaScript, JQuery, Node JS, PHP, SQL/PLSQL, Oracle 11g, XML, AJAX, JSON, Windows 7, WCAG2, Git & Git Hub, Magento, Photoshop, Eclipse, IE, Chrome, Mozilla Firefox Front End UI Developer Independence Blue Cross - Philadelphia, PA May 2014 to April 2015 Responsibilities  ? Gathering requirements from business SME (Subject Matter Experts).  ? Developed CSS3 style sheets to give gradient effects. Developed page layouts, navigation and icons. Applied industry best practices and standards when project requirements were lagging.  ? Used JQuery to make the HTML, DHTML and CSS code interact with the JavaScript functions to add dynamism to the web pages at the client side.  ? Attending Iteration Planning and grooming Session with business users.  ? Writing front- end code like HTML, CSS, JQuery for assigned User requirements using AngularJS and various other JavaScript frameworks.  ? Developed the functionality for communicating between the modules mostly involved in VIEW and CONTOLLER section of MVC pattern for CMS project, it includes HTML, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery and AJAX which were used for UI development.  ? Created XHTML Pages with CSS and the Box Model.  ? Code enhancement and bug fixes.  ? Developed websites using Action Scripts.  ? Well acquainted with the accessibility related issues (WCAG2) for web based user interfaces.  ? Created remote usability testing processes which enabled the company to rapidly resolve customer concerns and to build strong relationships with customers.  ? Sync with other developers to follow coding standards and best practices.  ? Involved in building interactive portable widgets for internal users using HTML 5, CSS 3, JQuery/Angular and the latest AJAX libraries.  ? Written and Executed Test Cases to validate that the system meets 508 Compliance and  WCAG2 with AMP tool (Automated tool) and Manual testing (Using Keyboard) under ADA.  ? Implemented test cases and performed unit testing using Jasmine.  ? Implement GIT distributed revision control management system for newsletter template versions.  ? Developed web application compatible with all browsers. Used Firebug, chrome developer tools to view and debug HTML, DOM and JavaScript errors.  ? Experience working in an agile environment.  ? Performed User acceptance testing to verify whether a solution works for the user.  ? Design User Interface for the project using HTML, CSS and Flash.    Environment: HTML 4/5, CSS 2/3, JavaScript, JQuery, Angular.JS, SQL/PLSQL, Oracle 11g, XML, AJAX, JSON, SVN, Windows 7, WCAG2, Git & Git Hub, JASMINE, Usability Testing, Photoshop, Eclipse, IE, Chrome, Mozilla Firefox. Front End UI Developer T-Mobile - Atlanta, GA July 2013 to April 2014 Responsibilities  • Closely worked with business system analyst to understand the requirements to ensure that right set of UI modules been built.  • Closely worked with UX team to understand the comps required for designing the page and understanding redlines as they provided.  • Wrote application level code to perform client side validation using JQUERY and JavaScript.  • Developed CSS3 style sheets to give gradient effects.  • Developed page layouts, navigation and icons.  • Applied industry best practices and standards when project requirements were lagging.  • Used JQuery to make the HTML, DHTML and CSS code interact with the JavaScript functions to add dynamism to the web pages at the client side.  • Designed and implemented the User Interface using JavaScript, HTML5, XHTML, XML, CSS3, AJAX and MySQL.  • Designed Frontend with in object oriented JavaScript Framework like Angular.js.  • Worked one-on-one with client to develop layout, color scheme for their website and implemented it into a final interface design with the HTML5/CSS3 & JavaScript using Dreamweaver.  • Used advanced level of HTML5, JavaScript, CSS3 and pure CSS layouts (table less layout).  • Produced content pages with CSS3 layout and style markup presentations and also used JavaScript methods and properties.  • Utilized various JQUERY plugins to build Rich Internet Application (RIA) to make it look more intuitive.  • Used Git & Git Hub for an agile team driven development across different geographic locations.  • Experience in PHP/MYSQL and Involved in JavaScript coding for validations, and passing attributes from one screen to another.  • Ensure system meets all Government Policies as they relate to system security, licensing, accessibility compliance (508 and WCAG2).  • Developed websites using Action Scripts.  • Experience in writing unit tests using JASMINE.  • Created Mock-up designs and developed various functionalities with JavaScript and jQuery.  • Conducted user research and usability testing.  • Created logical and physical data models putting to practice, concepts of normalization and RDBMS.  • Strong communication, analytical and interpersonal skills working within cross-functional teams.  • Worked on cross browser compatibility issues and fix the bugs pertaining to various browsers.  Environment: HTML 4/5, CSS3, JavaScript, Object-oriented Java Script, JQuery, WCAG2, AJAX, MVC, Angular.js, Node.JS, Action Scripts, Git & Git Hub, Usability Testing, JASMINE, XML, JSON, DOM, SOAP, RDBMS, Windows. Front End UI Developer US Bank, MN October 2012 to June 2013 Responsibilities  ? Involved in the Software Development Life Cycle phases like Requirement, Analysis, Implementation and estimating the time-lines for the project.  ? Involved in developing HTML and JavaScript for client side presentation and, data validation on the client side with in the forms.  ? Designed Pdf, Excel and Print previews for all the reports in the application using HTML, JavaScript and SQL Stored Procedure.  ? Created and tested scripts using JQuery on various browsers Chrome, Firefox, Opera, Safari, IE, etc.  ? Designed DOM based interactive to reprogram selected links and adopted WCAG 2.0 standards for HTML and XHTML and W3C standards for CSS as well.  ? Involved in writing application level code to interact with APIs, Web Services using AJAX, JSON and XML.  ? Used jQuery plugins for Drag-and-Drop, Widgets, Menus, User Interface and Forms.  ? Used AJAX frameworks like JQuery, JSON to develop rich GUIs and also involved in performance tuning the website.  ? Resolved production UI issues instantly.  ? Worked on database operations using Oracle 9i.  ? Responsible for cross browser compatibility and hence exposure to popular browsers.  ? Developed CSS classes to GUI web page controls and forms.  ? Worked with complete redesigns of a daily events website and focused on improving readability, utility, and overall UX.  ? Wrote code to implement AJAX based application by fetching the response from backend API as a part of JSON.  ? Wrote application level code to perform client side validation using JavaScript and jQuery.  ? Used detailed wireframes and developed Mock-up designs as per the requirements of Business.  ? Debug the application using Firebug to traverse the documents and manipulated the Nodes using DOM and DOM Functions using Firefox (Firebug) and IE Developer Tool bar for IE.  ? Worked with the team of architects and back- end Developers to gather requirements and enhance the application functionality and add new features.  ? Validated all the HTML/XHTML and CSS code according to W3C.    Environment: HTML, CSS, SAAS, JavaScript, JQuery, AJAX, XHTML, MVC, XML, JSON, DOM, Firebug, SQL, Oracle, WCAG2, Windows, Dreamweaver CS5, MS Office and SVN. Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS    Web Technologies HTML, HTML 5, DHTML, CSS, CSS3, XHTML, XML, PHP, JavaScript, Angular JS, Node JS, Backbone JS, JQUERY, JSON, AJAX, Bootstrap.  Languages C, C++, Core Java.  IDE, HTML Editor Notepad++, Eclipse IDE, Adobe Dreamweaver, Sublime, WebStorm.  Application servers Web Sphere, Web Logic.  Database Oracle11g, MySQL, SQL Server.  Operating Systems Windows 98, 2000, XP, Windows7, Mac OS, Unix, Linux.  Version Controls SVN, CVS, GIT, GIT HUB.