Front End Engineer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> Engineer Front End Engineer - Editorial Content Studio New York, NY Former Graphic Illustrator and Fashion Designer turned Front End Developer that loves to learn new things is looking for a place to grow. Solid knowledge of HTML5, CSS3, and vanilla JavaScript to build and deliver front end solutions. My skills include knowledge of JavaScript, HTML5, Flexbox, CSS3 Grid, SASS, CSS3, BEM, mobile first approach, Bootstrap 4, JQuery, Git, Bitbucket, Sourcetree, Greensock, ScrollMagic, Agile workflow, Collaborative Development, Gulp, Webpack, and Sitecore CMS. I have had some experience with React.js, Express.js, and Node.js, Wordpress as well as DoubleClick, DoubleClick Studio, DoubleClick for Publishers, Sizmek, and Ad X ad server technologies. A proven eye for design with a solid understanding of Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign, Adobe XD, Sketch 3, and Balsamic mockup software. A project managing people person that closes deals and is comfortable in client facing or technical roles. Work Experience Front End Engineer Saks Fifth Avenue / Lord & Taylor - New York, NY November 2018 to Present Developed engaging and interactive full-page fashion editorials and microsites for high traffic e-commerce store using reusable components  ? Built reusable code and libraries for future use and sharing with other content engineer team members  ? Ensured the technical feasibility of UI/UX designs  ? Optimized application for maximum speed and scalability  ? Provided guidance and input on interactive content executions to creative/marketing teams Front End Developer Wall Street Journal - New York, NY August 2018 to Present Built out a JavaScript module to create video ad units from passed arguments. The created units are trafficked in DoubleClick Studio  ? Built, launched, managed custom and template hubs, landing pages, sites, native articles, and digital feature articles for WSJ partners  ? Lead Dev on majority of all turn key WSJ Partner projects. Set up all environments, issued all users access, customized templates, implemented Google Analytics tags, implemented Add this social tags, implemented any client pixels, worked hand in hand with Project Managers, Editors, and Designers  ? Created animated ad units using CSS3 and Greensock.js animation along with HTML5, JavaScript, and jQuery  ? Managed Ceros Experience for Prada and implemented Tealium tag for proper Google Analytics reporting Front End Developer Barbarian - New York, NY July 2018 to August 2018 Coded mobile responsive web pages based on Sketch 3 mockups using HTML5, SASS, JavaScript, Flexbox, Gulp, and Git  ? Used handlebars.js to develop UI templates  ? Used Vue.js to develop UI components Front End Developer Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton - New York, NY January 2018 to April 2018 Created, developed, and documented corporate website style guide  ? Developed mobile responsive solutions to improve user experience.  ? Re designed UI components to maintain consistency and ease of use  ? Consulted stakeholders and development team on best practices to maintain style integrity Front End Developer Equinox - New York, NY January 2017 to December 2017 Lead Front End Optimization initiative that Increased site speed from 8 to 65 in Google Page speed insights by reducing render blocking JavaScript and CSS. Optimizing images site wide.  ? Leveraging browser caching. Lowered server response time (ftb) and prioritizing visible content.  ? Built dynamic custom landing pages, Articles, Modals, and Layouts for Equinox Furthermore digital magazine website in Sitecore CMS using SASS, HTML5, CSHTML, JavaScript, JQuery, and Pattern Lab, Sourcetree, and Bitbucket  ? Coordinated, and collaborated with offshore development team daily to complete epic story requirements in an agile workflow  ? Developed custom Google DoubleClick For Publisher native ad units for international brands Cole Haan and Duxiana running on site.  ? Developed POC's for site redesign using React and Redux Front End Developer Avrett Free Ginsberg - New York, NY September 2016 to December 2016 Developed a script to ensure that all Rich Media assets and scripts where loaded correctly before initialization using Vanilla JavaScript.  ? Used Node.js, Express.js, Embeddable JavaScript, and MongoDb to build application for Yardley Soap to monitor and track their social mentions using Social Mention API  ? Created a form component to build email list using React and Redux with MongoDb and Express.js  ? Developed and maintained custom WordPress Theme for Yardley Soap using HTML5, CSS3, SASS, JQUERY, PHP, JavaScript, Photoshop, and Illustrator.  ? Created Rich Media Banners using JavaScript library Greensock for Purina Cat Chow and Monistat D Front End Developer New York Times - New York, NY June 2016 to September 2016 Developed a cookie dropper and detector application using Vanilla JavaScript.  ? Implementation and testing of JavaScript cookies for Facebook, Google, Twitter, and Pinterest using Tag X pixels framework on Ad X ad server.  ? Follow best practices to track, measure and analyze early post-launch ad campaign activities, and resolve delivery and performance problems related to setup and technical issues of JavaScript pixels in Tag X modules  ? Liaison between stakeholders, sales, and a small technical team to gather requirements, establish objectives, set goals, and manage pixel implementation and testing to ensure the validity of metrics results. Front End Developer Deutsch - New York, NY January 2016 to May 2016 Developed animated Rich Media ads for Samsung, Price Water Coopers, & Glidden.  ? Lowering HTTP request by using scalable vector graphic and bitmap sprite sheets  ? Creating pixel perfect ads using JavaScript, Greensock.ja, HTML5, SASS, Git, Bitbucket, Photoshop, and Illustrator    The Lathe  Front End Developer Front End Developer The Lathe - New York, NY October 2015 to December 2015 New York, NY  Oct 2015-Dec 2015  ? Developed a music player using Node.js React.js, and Firebase for For  ? Ensured cross-browser and email client consistency on Bayer Betaseron campaign using Campaign Monitor and Email on Acid.  ? Coded revisions to Bayer website based on wire frames and Photoshop designs.  ? Used Git Tower, Bitbucket, HTML5, SASS, JQuery, Maven, Eclipse, Dust.js, Handlebars, Adobe Illustrator, Photoshop, and Balsamic to develop Bayer Betaseron legacy site  ? Hand coded Rich Media web advertisements into HTML5 Google compliant banner animations for Vanguard Group using Adobe Edge, Google Web Designer, and Greensock JavaScript library.  ? Developed HTML5 marketing email templates for Hewlett Packard and partners.  ? Converted Flash web ads into HTML5 Rich Media banner for Hewlett Packard and Intel using JavaScript library Greensock  ? Designed and Built two mobile responsive and interactive luxury apartment websites - One Dag and 1166 Avenue of Americas.  ? Built custom marketing emails for 1166 Avenue of Americas in ETARGET and Mailchimp. Front End Developer The Gate International Agency - New York, NY September 2015 to October 2015 Created and converted Flash web banners advertisements into HTML5 compliant animated web banners for Con Edison, Alliance and Bernstein, Orange & Rockland, Municipal Assurance Corp. and Franklin Square Capital Partners.  ? Designed and developed landing pages for Franklin Square Capital Partners.  ? Increased productivity and streamlined the workflow of digital department by introducing Google Swiffy, a program that enables conversions to be done in seconds instead of creating a unit from scratch.    WORKING KNOWLEDGE & THEORY  Illustration, Typography, Color Theory, Layout, Storyboard concepts, wire framing, high fidelity prototyping, principles of design, mac, and windows.  RECOGNITION  Washington Post article:  http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2007/02/17/AR2007021701256.html Education B.S. in Digital Media and Web Technology in Digital Media and Web Technology University of Maryland University College - Landover, MD May 2016 Certification New York Code + Design Academy - New York, NY April 2015 to July 2015 Certification Georgetown University Wash September 2008 to October 2008 Links http://deindedawodu.net https://github.com/deinde