Front- End UI Developer <span class="hl">Front</span>-<span class="hl">End</span> UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> Milpitas, CA Sponsorship required to work in the US Work Experience Front- End UI Developer PURITY COSMETICS - San Jose, CA February 2018 to Present The Front- end UI/UX Developer will design and develop rich and engaging user experiences across the web, tablet and mobile form factors. This role will work closely with our lead developer and graphic artists to measure and optimize applications to improve ease of use and create the best user experience and bridge the gap between design and technical implementation. It will take a hands-on approach to not only how the application looks but also how it functions.    • Facilitate the product vision by researching, conceiving, wireframing, prototyping and mocking up user experiences for our digital properties;  • Design, code the mockup, conduct user testing, and perform other user-facing activities to validate the design and interaction;  • Create, maintain and improve a Standard Style guideline and interaction pattern library for the team.  • Participate in project planning, meetings and evaluate project actives for compliance with design/development guidelines and UX/UI standards.  • Write complex code, build reusable component, work with immutable ''cloud'' based environments, and build the supporting automated toolsets to test and deploy the website.  • Work with internal stakeholders to perform user, A/B and Multivariate testing in efforts to reduce CPL and increase conversion ratios;  • Contribute to design, technical and functional documentation such as detailed architectural and design documents as requested; Front- End Developer Road-Twenty-Two - San Francisco, CA September 2017 to Present Successfully revamp the current website, including development of the front- end and back- end applications to significantly improve functionality and design. Establish solid working relationships with a designer and a photographer to revamp the existing website design. Regularly communicate with the client to report on project progress and developments. Ensure project delivery within established timeline, quality standards, and budget.  ? Proactively duplicate the existing theme and develop in the sandbox to facilitate coding activities and to ensure no disruption to users.  ? Consistently apply the Shopify content editor, Liquid, Html, CSS to redesign the website and to successfully upload new content.  ? Efficiently add new functions to the redesigned website through consistent use of Liquid, JavaScript, Jquery, as well as to import Instagram feeds by using Instagram API and aJax.  ? Successfully launch, maintain, and test new website functionalities to significantly improve users experience and to troubleshoot malfunctions.  ? Web Address: https://roadtwentytwo.com/ Front- end Developer Btrax - San Francisco, CA September 2016 to December 2016 Key contributor to the development of web applications using HTML, SASS, jQuery, and PHP. Maintained and updated website with key information to keep up with market changes. Partnered with UI/UX designers to create quality wireframes and high-def mockups.  ? Played an instrumental role in the design, development, and launch of the company’s website within established timeframe, quality standards, and budget.   ? Efficiently maintained templates and general styling, branding, and graphic standards throughout the products interface.  ? Established solid partnerships with the back- end developers to facilitate the coding and troubleshooting activities.  ? Attended regular project status meetings with appropriate team members including daily Scrum, technical design review sessions, and specification reviews (functional and technical).  ? Web Address: http://btrax.com/jp/ Front- end Developer Sandler Design - San Francisco, CA November 2015 to December 2015 Designed and enhanced the overall functionality of existing website build by Squarespace to ensure a great user experience. Identified design problems and devised elegant solutions to improve the overall appearance and functionality. Applied a user-centered design approach and tested the design.  ? Successfully created new interactions and animations by using JavaScript, as well as tested and debugged front- end issues through consistent application of Chrome Development Tool.  ? Efficiently translated concepts into wireframes and mockups leading to intuitive user experiences.  ? Facilitated client’s product visions by researching, conceiving, wireframing, sketching, prototyping, and mocking up user experiences for digital products.  ? Efficiently designed and delivered wireframes, user stories, user journeys, and mockups optimized for a wide range of devices and interfaces.  ? Web Address: http://sandlerdesign.com/ Front- end Developer Freelance Enok Horizon - San Francisco, CA June 2015 to August 2015 A strategic contributor to complex website design projects by consistently applying PHP, CSS, and jQuery. Partnered with the Back- End Developer to efficiently sync front- end and back- end applications while ensuring superior functionality and greater user experience. Education Web Design and New Media Academy of Art University 2013 to 2017 BFA in Information Design China Central Academy of Fine Art 2007 to 2011 Skills Javascript (3 years), HTML 5 (3 years), CSS (3 years), SASS (3 years), PHP (1 year), MySQL (1 year), Swift (Less than 1 year), Actionscript (3 years), JQuery (3 years), Drupal (1 year), Photoshop (4 years), Illustrator (4 years), Flash (3 years), UX (3 years), Sketch (3 years), D3.js (1 year), framer.js (1 year), Angular4 (Less than 1 year), liquid (2 years), shopify (2 years), Angular, UI, Front End, Front-End Links http://jimmyoungyi.com/portfolio https://github.com/Jimmyoungyi Additional Information I am applying H1B this year, but until now there is no luck for that. I will be available as soon as I receive the reject letter.