Front End Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Louisville, KY • Offering 5.8 years of overall IT experience in Software development with over 5.5 years of experience in Web Development.  • Proficient in Agile and Agile Scrum Methodologies, driving scrum calls and sprint planning, story breakup and task prioritization.  • Worked on tool JIRA and Version One.  • Gained diverse domain knowledge of different industries namely Automobile, Health Care, Aviation, Banking by interacting with customers during UI requirements gathering and building solutions.  • Working experience in Adobe Photoshop, Dreamweaver, XHTML, HTML, HTML5, CSS, CSS3, jQuery, JavaScript, LESS, Bootstrap, Foundation framework , Responsive Web design, ASP.NET MVC, Angular js 1x , Node js, Grunt, Gulp, Semantic HTML Coding standards with W3C standards, etc.  • Proficient in Responsive Web Designing using media-queries, Bootstrap and Foundation framework.  • Ability to design & develop UI for website applications with usability standard and in depth understanding of cross-browser compatibility and front- end development issues.  • Experienced in implementing Web Accessibility standards on webpages and tested the same with NVDA screen reader.  • Ability to develop email templates and test the same using litmus testing.  • Experienced in creating highly interactive and rich websites with user friendly and SEO friendly architecture using jQuery and JavaScript interactions like dropdown menu, accordion menu, tabs, tooltips etc.  • Experience in leading team, code review, defect fixing and prod support.  • Excellent communication, leadership, off-shore on-shore co-ordination and teamwork skills.  • Awarded with On the Spot Award and Best Team award while working for DavIta and also CLP faculty award for giving contribution in conducting sessions. Work Experience Front End Developer HUMANA Inc - Louisville, KY April 2015 to Present April 2015 - till date  Project Name: Experience Transformation - Employer track  Humana Inc. (Humana) is a health and supplemental benefits company. In simple words it is a for-profit American based health insurance company based in Louisville, Kentucky. The Company provides health insurance benefits under health maintenance organization (HMO), private fee-for-service (PFFS) and preferred provider organization (PPO) plans. In addition, it provides other benefits with its specialty products, including dental, vision and other supplementary benefit.    Client: HUMANA Inc.  Role: Front- end Developer  Location: Earlier Pune, India then moved to onshore Louisville, Kentucky.  Special Software: Visual studio 2012/2013, Version One (Agile), squids    Technologies: HTML, HTML5, XHTML, LESS, CSS2, CSS3, jQuery, JavaScript, Foundation framework, Ajax, ASP.NET MVC    Responsibilities:  • Creating highly interactive & rich internal website with user friendly architecture using Bootstrap and LESS.  • Participation in discussion in Designing of web sites.  • Worked on pure Agile methodology.  • Interaction with Business Stakeholders to understand the business & functional requirements.  • Creative team management by interacting with Backend team to resolve dependencies while story implementation.  • Creating highly interactive & rich internal website with user friendly architecture using HTML, Foundation and LESS.  • Creating Web Accessible pages throughout the site, and testing those using NVDA screen reader.  • Integration of HTML into razor view file and partial view.  • Mapping of model properties into razor view file.  • Providing a focal point for all technical issues and initiatives on the story.  • Unit testing the stories.  • To give Acceptance Hurdle (Demo) to Product Owners once story is complete.  • Prepare Demo and present to business stakeholders.  • To solve pre/post production issues, includes SIT-UAT defects.  • Production launch and post production launch support. Front- end Developer/Team Lead Hello World Limited - Pune, Maharashtra August 2014 to January 2015 is a leading Australian based travel distribution company with Australia's largest network of franchised travel agents. It is a nationwide network of independently owned and operated retail travel agencies offering Australian and New Zealand travellers outstanding service, and the best value travel experiences whether you book online or through their independently owned and operated stores or through friendly and helpful call centre.    Client: Hello World Limited, Australia  Role: Front- end Developer/Team Lead  Location: Pune, India  Hardware: Android mobile and tablet, Mac, Ipad, Iphone  Operating System: Windows 7, Windows XP, MAC OS, Android  Special Software: Adobe Dreamweaver, Adobe Photoshop  Technologies: HTML, XHTML, LESS, CSS2, CSS3, jQuery, Javascript, Bootstrap, Adobe Dreamweaver, Adobe Photoshop    Responsibilities:  • Creating highly interactive & rich internal website with user friendly architecture using Bootstrap and LESS.  • Interact with the Client to understand their requirements in order to achieve the desired goal.  • Worked on Agile Methodology, tool used JIRA.  • Giving proper estimates for the story as per requirement and functionality using Poker approach.  • Attending Backlog grooming and discussing about future stories.  • Worked on Responsive web design.  • Providing a focal point for all technical issues and initiatives on the story.  • Conversion of PSD's to Views in using HTML, CSS, LESS, Javascript, Jquery and Bootstrap.  • Device compatibility for mobile, iphone, ipad, mac, tablet.  • Worked on Browser compatibility tool Browserstack.  • Got a chance to work on Litmus email testing.  • Worked on client side validations using Javascript and jquery.  • Browser compatibility till IE- 8.  • Handling Front- end development issues.  • Providing Development and Integration Support.  • Conducting application knowledge based session for team members. Front- end Developer Davita - Pune, Maharashtra July 2013 to June 2014 Client is the second largest kidney care companies in the United States headquarters in Denver, Colorado, delivering dialysis services to patients with chronic kidney failure and end stage renal disease. Maestro is an in-center chronic hemodialysis scheduling and labor optimization module within the Falcon ESRD application.    Client: Davita, United States  Role: Front- end Developer  Location: Pune, India  Operating System: Windows 7, Windows XP, MAC OS  Technologies: HTML, XHTML, CSS2, CSS3, jQuery, Javascript, Bootstrap3, KendoUI, Dreamweaver, Photoshop    Responsibilities:  • Creating highly interactive & rich internal website with user friendly architecture using Bootstrap.  • Interact with the Client to understand their requirements in order to achieve the desired goal.  • Conversion of PSD's to HTML Pages using HTML, CSS, Javascript, jQuery, Bootstrap with cross- browser compatibility.  • Providing a focal point for all technical issues and initiatives on the tasks.  • Device compatibility for mobile, iphone, ipad, mac, tablet.  • Browser Compatibility.  • Worked on client side validations using Javascript and jquery.  • Writing business logic as per requirement.  • Front- end development issues  • Development and Integration Support  • Application is developed using flexible grid and components of Bootstrap3 and Kendo UI as screens needs to be projected on large LED screens.  • To solve production/pre-production issues Front- end Developer Davita - Pune, Maharashtra March 2013 to October 2013 Oct ober2012 - March 2013  Project Name: DaVita ROPSPA UI_Dev_T&M  Client is the second largest kidney care companies in the United States headquarters in Denver, Colorado. Objective is to empower the insurance management team (IMT) of the client with a powerful tool to support patient tracking system.    Client: Davita, United States  Role: Front- end Developer  Location: Pune, India  Technologies: HTML, CSS, jQuery, Javascript, Dreamweaver, Photoshop    Responsibilities:  • Project was undertaken for One IMT application under Davita.  • Interact with the Client to understand their requirements in order to achieve the desired goal.  • Conversion of PSD's to HTML Pages using HTML, CSS, Javascript, jQuery, Bootstrap with cross-browser compatibility.  • Device compatibility for mobile, iphone , ipad , mac, tablet.  • Providing a focal point for all technical issues.  • Device compatibility for mobile, iphone , ipad , mac, tablet.  • Browser Compatibility  • Writing business logic as per requirement.  • Worked on client side validations using Javascript and jquery.  • Front- end development issues  • Development and Integration issues.  • To solve production/pre-production issues.  • Application is developed using flexible grid and components of Bootstrap3 and Kendo UI as screens needs to be projected on large LED screens. Front- end Developer Chrysler - MAHARASHTRA, IN April 2013 to July 2013 April 2013-July 2013  Project Name: CHRYSLER_MobileSubscription Responsive_2013_01_04  The customer is an American multinational Automaker established in 1925, and is one of the 'Big Three' United States automakers. It has some of the world's most recognizable brands of vehicles.    Client: Chrysler, United States  Role: Front- end Developer  Location: Pune, India  Hardware: Smart phone devices, tablets in portrait and landscape mode.  Operating System: Windows 7, Windows XP, MAC OS  Technologies: HTML, CSS, jQuery, Javascript, Responsive Web design using media queries, Dreamweaver, Adobe Photoshop    Responsibilities:  • The project was undertaken for Mobile Subscription of Chrysler, so worked on RWD approach.  • Development of flat files (html) for screen mocks with the help of PSD's provided.  • Interact with the Client to understand their requirements in order to achieve the desired goal.  • Device compatibility for mobile, iphone , ipad , mac, tablet.  • Browser Compatibility.  • Worked on client side validations using Javascript and jquery.  • Writing business logic as per requirement.  • Providing a focal point for all technical issues and initiatives on the tasks.  • To solve production/pre-production issues.  • Production launch and post production launch support. ICICI Pru_Digitization September 2012 to October 2012 Project Name: ICICI Pru_Digitization    The project was undertaken for Sell Online under ICICI. Client is one of the leading banking and financial services company headquartered in Mumbai. It has been developed using basic HTML and CSS with browser support till IE-6.    Client: ICICI, India  Role: UI Developer  Location: Pune, India  Technologies: HTML, CSS, Dreamweaver, Photoshop.    Responsibilities:  • Development of HTML screens from PSD's.  • Conversion of PSD's to HTML Pages using HTML, CSS, jQuery.  • Browser support till Internet Explorer 6.  • Developed web-forms using HTML for the application.  • Integration Support.  • Worked on client side validations using Javascript and jquery.  • Browser Compatibility  • Front- end development issues  • Development and Integration issues  • To solve production/pre-production issues. CQ5 Migracion Nextel Offshore - Pune, Maharashtra August 2012 to September 2012 Nextel is a Mexico based wireless service operator, which is now merged with and continues to exist as a wholly owned subsidiary of Sprint Corporation.    Client: Nextel, Mexico  Role: UI Developer  Location: Pune, India  Technologies: HTML, CSS, CQ5 platform    Responsibilities:  • Worked on this for very short duration and was responsible for providing post production support mainly till IE-7  • Worked on Integration support and browser compatibility issues.  • Worked on client side validations using Javascript and jquery.  • Front- end development issues  • Development and Integration issues.  • To solve production/pre-production issues.  • Browser Compatibility Education Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Science and Engineering Rajiv Gandhi Proudyogiki Vishwavidyalaya - Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh 2011 Skills BOOTSTRAP (4 years), HTML (4 years), JAVASCRIPT (4 years), jQuery (4 years), AJAX (2 years) Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:    Web Development Languages: HTML, XHTML, HTML5, CSS, CSS3, JQuery, JavaScript, Responsive Web design, Fluid Grids, LESS, Razor, AJAX, ASP.NET MVC, Node js, Grunt, Gulp, and Web Accessibility  Frameworks: Bootstrap, Kendo UI, Foundation framework, Angular js  Designing Tools: Adobe Dreamweaver, Adobe Photoshop, Notepad++  Operating Systems: Windows XP, windows 7