Front End Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End Developer/ UI Designer Cupertino, CA Work Experience Front End Developer Freelance - Cupertino, CA 2016 to Present Created detailed wireframe to substantiate theme, content and UI/UX interface for team and stakeholders to review, and refine.     Initialized team projects by installing and configuring server software, and compiled application structure from approved wireframe.    Closely worked with back- end developers to optimize existing Web technology and create the best possible user experience while advocating Web interaction design best practices, with a focus on consistency and usability.    Developed site content and graphics by coordinating with graphic artists; designing images, icons, banners, etc.    Assured that all user input is validated before submitting to back- end via git pull request.    Troubleshoot and debugged all front- end issues alongside development team with an analytical approach.     Developed new user-facing features and implemented page designs in high standard dynamic HTML and CSS compliance.    Developed site navigation by categorizing content; funneling traffic through content.    Optimized SEO by coding search engine keywords, and description prevalent on every page of the user interface.     Optimized application for maximum speed and scalability by creating clean, precise browser-compatible code.    Deployed and scaled new web applications that integrate consumer marketing and social media.    Ensured high product quality by continuous cross-browser, cross-platform and cross-device testing.    Worked with entire team including stakeholders and participated in projects in all stages of product lifecycle, from conception to completion. Front End Engineer AKQA at Apple April 2017 to April 2018 Responsible for building and launching over 45% (1.1B+ emails) of total annual direct marketing to all of Apple's clientele worldwide in a fastpaced environment under tight deadlines (23 week turn over rate).    Record holder of "Fastest Completion Time" of 2 days with 0 errors confirmed by procedural production and technical testing within only 8 months of employment while simultaneously managing multiple projects.    Worked and collaborated extensively with cross-functional teams such as design, graphics production, standards and quality assurance on email development and testing on over 50 client-browser-device combinations.    Spearheaded the design, development, and test of responsive codebase for Apple's internal email platform.    Explored the frontier of utilizing animation in emails by developing and testing a multitude of application methods.    Produced and revised internal onboarding documentation for coding best practices and internal email build tools.    Software: HTML/CSS, JavaScript, Git, Gulp, Sass, SVN, YAML, Handlebars, Grunt, Litmus, MailChimp Education Certificate in Computer Programing Coding Dojo - San Jose, CA July 2016 to October 2016 Bachelor's in Business Marketing San Jose State University - San Jose, CA August 2009 to August 2012 Minor in Asian American Studies San Jose State University - San Jose, CA August 2009 to August 2012 Additional Information LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/in/cchung  GitHub: https://github.com/CCube3