Software Developer Software <span class="hl">Developer</span> Aspiring Product Manager Los Angeles, CA IT professional with 4 years of software development experience in building mobile and web applications looking to transition into product management. Sponsorship required to work in the US Work Experience Software Developer Live Nation / Ticketmaster - San Francisco, CA September 2016 to July 2017 TicketWeb)  • Front- End lead for B2B & B2C applications & led a cross-functional offshore team on various projects.  • Defined product strategy, roadmap, writing epics, user stories & maintaining documentation for stakeholders.  • Successfully reduced CSS code by 30% and page first paint & load time by 25% to improve website performance.  • UI lead for the checkout process redesign for TicketWeb in compliance with PCI.  • Built UI for waiting room to redirect traffic during peak hours of event on-sales to minimize interruptions.  • Built mockups and wireframes for inception and feature planning.  • Awarded special recognition by the Director of Marketing for implementing marketing pages using WordPress. Front- End Developer AKQA - Sunnyvale, CA February 2016 to September 2016 • Strategically built dynamic direct marketing emails & product pages for over 5 million customers in the US.  • Lead for redesigning iPod pages for Apple.com  • Mentored new developers during on-boarding process. Front- End Developer Monitise Americas - San Francisco, CA October 2015 to February 2016 • Led a team of two interns to work on hybrid banking apps (Cordova) for clients worldwide (Turkey, France, UK)  • Organizing daily stand-ups and setting priorities & deadlines for deliverables. Software Developer Sazze, Inc - Campbell, CA April 2015 to October 2015 • Worked on revamping Blackfriday.fm, a website for an e-commerce start-up.  • Built complex features such as merchant facing admin panel, search filters integrating with the database.  • Worked with designers on building wireframes and prototypes for product pages.  • Conducting market research for competitive and stakeholder analysis.  • Defining KPIs for measuring product success. Front- End Developer IANR EdMedia - Lincoln, NE July 2013 to July 2014 • Met with customers/stakeholders for defining product strategy & roadmap.  • One of the inventors of Mobile Cattle Tracker, a hybrid app (PhoneGap) for tracking inventory, medical history, etc.  • Worked with Liferay (CDN) to build research pages for University of Nebraska. Web Developer Intern Hurrdat Social Media LLC - Lincoln, NE January 2013 to May 2013 Built microsites & forms for marketing campaigns for new businesses in Nebraska as a part of a social media startup. Education Master of Science in Information Management W. P. Carey School of Business at Arizona State University - Tempe, AZ July 2018 Bachelor of Science in Computer Science University of Nebraska - Lincoln, NE August 2014 Skills HTML 5 (4 years), Javascript (4 years), CSS3 (4 years), Tableau (1 year), PowerBI (1 year), Wireframe (Less than 1 year), MySQL (2 years), JIRA (4 years), MS Project (1 year), A/B Testing (1 year), PhoneGap (3 years), Product Development (4 years), Product Strategy (2 years), User Experience (4 years), Business Analysis (1 year), Data Analysis (1 year), iGrafx (Less than 1 year), Grunt (4 years), Gulp (3 years), Git (4 years) Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/kapoorarjun