Front End Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End Developer - Capital One • Over 3+ years of experience in Java, Design and Development of Multi-Tier distributed, Enterprise applications using Java, J2EE and UI technologies.  • Good experience in Software Development life cycle using various methodologies like Waterfall, Agile and Test-Driven Development.  • Expertise working with frameworks like Spring Core, Spring Boot, Spring MVC, Spring DAO (Spring JDBC, Spring ORM), Spring Batch, Spring JMS, Spring Security and Hibernate.  • Proficient in implementing Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) using SOAP and RESTfull Web Services.  • Working experience in micro service architecture.  • Experienced in developing Front End web applications using JavaScript, AJAX, JQuery, HTML5, CSS3, AngularJS, Angular2, Angular4, Bootstrap, ReactJS and nodeJS.  • Experience in server side development using nodeJS frameworks expressJS, RESTIfy and loopback.  • Expertise in loopback custom loopback REST APIs.  • Expertise in Java unit test/TDD/BDD frameworks Junit, Mockito and Cucumber.  • Expertise in UI unit test/BDD frameworks Jasmine, Karma.  • Experience in CICD tools Jenkins, Cobetura, Jococo, Sonar, PM2 and ICInga  • Have good experience in using various Design Patterns such as MVC (Model-View- Controller),  Singleton, Facade, Factory and DAO, DTO.  • Expertise working with all versions of Java including new features of Java and also groovy  • Experience on different IDEs such as Eclipse, IntelliJ and NetBeans.  • Experience using various web/application servers like Apache Tomcat and JBOSS.  • Experience with RDBMS concepts like Functions, Triggers, Stored Procedures, DDL, DML SQL queries and PL/SQL programming  • Experienced in generating logging by Log4j & Slf4j to identify the errors in production and test environments  • Good working knowledge of Java build tools like Gradle, Maven, Ant.  • Good working knowledge of UI build tools like Grunt and angular-cli  • Proficient in handling web and application servers in creating Domain, configuring connection pool, JMS, deploying applications on WebLogic, WebSphere, Apache Tomcat and JBoss.  • Experienced with Linux based commands of BASH and Shell/Perl Scripting.  • Experience in using version control systems such as CVS and GIT  • Good Knowledge on Middleware Technology Messaging Brokers like RabbitMQ, ActiveMQ  • Ability to work with business functions to understand business requirements and develop technical specifications  • Excellent communication, team work, inter-personnel and presentation skills, fast learner and organized self-starter. Work Experience Front End Developer Capital One - Richmond, VA February 2017 to Present Description: Funds Availability is feature that provides customers to make transaction between internal and external accounts. With the funds availability feature, any new customer can freely transfer money to various accounts before his Overdraft protection request is approved by FACTA. With the Bill Pay conversion from account-level to the individual customer-level, any customer with a joint account can pay his bills, schedule a payment and close the account without impacting the joint customer.  Responsibilities:  • Involved in development of various reusable components and services as part of on boarding application with angular 4.  • Implemented authorization for on boarding application with angular4 Guard, NodeJS and loopback.  • Implemented complete on boarding workflow using angular4, NodeJS and Loopback  • Implemented REST APIs using Spring boot and Spring MVC REST for Wire Transfer application.  • Implemented DAO layer using Hibernate, JDBC (some parts of application with JDBC)  • Implemented custom REST APIs using NodeJS Loopback for onboarding application.  • Implemented test cases using Junit, Mockito, Jasmine (UI) for functionalities in Wire Transfer Application.  • Implemented BPM workflow as a micro-service by following micro-service architecture.  • Implemented responsiveness for on onboarding application using Bootstrap.  • Generated PDF documents using angular4 with pdfMake.  • Co-ordinating with business on requirements and following AGILE process model to implementing requirements.  • Implemented new requirements and bug fixing in existing wire transfer application using angular JS.  • Developed many reusable directives using angular JS  • Stay current with the latest features/capabilities of the AWS platform.  • Developed dynamic EJS templates using HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript.  • Created RESTful and Responsive Web Applications.  • Developed Single Page Web Application (SPA) using Angular4  • Designed back- end data structures with non-relational databases (MongoDB, Mongoose)  • Used AngularJS as framework to create a Single Page Application (SPA) which can bind data to specific views and synchronize data with server using CSS3, Bootstrap, AngularJS.  • Created custom Filters, which can format data in different ways, based on the requirements and involved in two-way data binding technique with styling from Bootstrap.  • Managed projects with Grunt task runner and combined with Bower package manager to install JavaScript latest version of libraries based on running in the Node.js environment.  • Manipulated data using CRUD operations of Oracle database management system and handled database access and data transmission based on Restful web service.  • Created RESTful APIs which support JSON and XML to be consumed by the client.  • Converted data from database into JSON or XML format files and retrieve useful information using AJAX calls to display them on the browser.  • Worked with D3.js for generating reports and stats for customer services.  • Worked with source version control tool GIT to manage the code repository.  • Developed test cases for TDD in Karma and Jasmine.  • Worked with Jenkins application server for continuous integration of application development.  • Worked through cross browser compatibility issues with layout and styles and fixed major bugs for supported browsers and platforms.  • Interacted with the back- end staff and scrum master at the daily meeting for new features in this web app using agile software development methodology.  Environment: AngularJS, Angular 2, Angular 4, AngularJS MVC, D3.js, JavaScript, AWS, HTML5, React JS, CSS3, jQuery, jQuery framework, Ajax, JSON, Oracle, Bootstrap, Jasmine, Karma, Grunt, Node.js 4x, GIT, Agile, Java 1.8, web services REST services. ROLE Front End DEVELOPER CERNER CORPORATION - Kansas City, MO March 2016 to January 2017 Description: Customer will choose different health care benefits out of the plan options available. The services will enable them to manage health insurance products, features, benefits, values and attributes. Client interacts through web interface with web services written at back end to fetch data from database and select their plan benefits.  Responsibilities:  • Involved in requirement analysis, functional specifications and over-all component design.  • Designed and developed the application using Agile Methodology and followed TDD and Scrum.  • We used SPRING MVC framework for separating user interface, controllers and business logic.  • Developed the Product Builder UI screens using HTML, CSS, jQuery, JSP, XML, JavaScript, Angular-JS, and Bootstrap.  • Followed Single Page Application (SPA) Pattern and used AngularJS, MVC to build a cross-browser compliant application.  • Involved in developing unit test cases for Angular controllers, services, filters and custom directives using Jasmine and Karma.  • Created Restful web services using Jersey framework (JAX-RS), REST annotations & used JACSON based REST-JSON convertors  • Used Node.js to run Grunt tasks and build properly the project (compile, minify, concat etc.)  • Used XML to transfer the application data between client and server from the SOAP web services.  • Developed SPRING controllers for dispatching the requests.  • Configure beans in spring configuration file with Spring IOC, Spring AOP concepts.  • Developed SPRING validators and services for handing correct data to SPRING DAOs.  • Exposed SPRING MVC controllers as Rest web services and implemented SPRING security into the application.  • Used SPRING Batch process to process the XML files.  • Developed Hibernate entities, mappings and customized criterion queries for interacting with database.  • Developed ORM mappings using Hibernate and wrote Criteria, Named queries for data retrievals in the DAO layer.  • Used SQL developer to write database queries.  • Designed services to store and retrieve user data using MongoDB database and communicated with remote servers using REST enabled Web Services on Jersey framework  • Used MAVEN as build tool.  • Deployed GUI code to WebLogic application.  • Implemented LOG4J for debugging and written test cases in JUNIT.  Environment: Java, SPRING MVC, SPRING ORM, SPRING batch process, RESTful web services Hibernate, HTML, CSS, jQuery, JavaScript, JSP Form, XML, AngularJS, Bootstrap, XSLT, Web Services, JAXB, JBoss Application Server, JUNIT, LOG4J, SQL Developer, MongoDB, JIIRA, SVN, Maven UI DEVELOPER CLIEN T - Morrisville, NC May 2015 to February 2016 Description: Lenovo is the global multinational company that plans, develops and publishes a portfolio of stand-alone business applications targeting education, small business, mid-market, and enterprise customers. It develops applications to drive effectiveness and efficiency into the engineering and management processes for the Product Assurance organization. They will provide technical leadership on tools and automation.  Responsibilities:  ? Worked extensively on Web 2.0 migration from JSP Frame work to Ajax Driven framework using OO JavaScript, jQuery, MVC, YUI and AJAX in Presentation Layer  ? Designed and implemented the User Interface using JavaScript, HTML, XHTML, XML, CSS, JSP and MySQL  ? Designed and developed customized OO JavaScript framework for various implementation like Array search, Array Filter, Array Iterator including browser native object functions  ? Enabled AJAX features in one of the module using JSP, Servlet (for JavaScript event handling) and API (for AJAX communication)  ? Implemented chained select plugin for JQuery with JSON processing and callback feature, chain multiple selects with ease  ? Implemented script that helps to include content from multiple pages and display them on demand, using Ajax  ? Exchanged data with the help of XML files using Ajax. Because of the simplicity of XML, the application formed the new procedure of exchanging data between server and browser.  ? Implemented JQuery driven UI Elements that were more agile and faster  ? Designed web interfaces using HTML/DHTML from graphic mock-ups  ? Developed HTML interfaces with an understanding of UI design principles and object-oriented program development  ? Changing the width of the list items that resulted in different forms of grids. Also solved the padding effect differences among the various browsers i.e. browser's compatibility  ? Developed, modified, and implemented the Web site to ensure consistency of layout in accordance with client goals  Environment: St HTML 4, CSS 2, JavaScript, JQuery, AJAX, JSON, Angular.JS, Backbone.JS, AJAX, XML, Adobe Dreamweaver, Eclipse, Apache HTTP Server, Python, MySQL, subversion Education Bachelor of Science in Information Systems Strayer University - Morrisville, NC Skills jQuery (3 years), MODEL VIEW CONTROLLER (3 years), MODEL-VIEW-CONTROLLER (3 years), MVC (3 years), UI (3 years) Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS    Languages C, Java, SQL/PL SQL,  Java Technologies Core Java, Multi-threading, Collections, JDBC, JSP, Custom Tags, JSTL, Servlets, JSTL, JNDI, EJB, JMS, Java Beans, Design Patterns.  Frameworks  Spring Boot, Spring (Core, ORM, MVC, AOP, JTA, MVC with REST), Hibernate, Spring Batch, Cache, Junit, Mockito, Power Mockito, log4J, logback    UI Technologies  Java Script, jQuery, HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, AngularJS, Angular 2, Angular 4, node JS, React JS, Jasmine, Karma, Protractor, pdfMake, express JS, loopback    Web Services SOAP with JAX-WS, JNDI, REST with JAX-RS (Jersey, Spring with Jersey), Spring MVC REST  Databases MySQL, Oracle11g/10g, MS SQL Server, MSSQL  Tools / IDEs Eclipse IDE, IntelliJ, WebStorm, Sublime Text3, STS, JBuilder, JDeveloper, Toad, Rally, JIRA, Jive  CICD Tools Jenkins, Icinga, Maven, Ant, PM2  Application Servers Apache Tomcat, JBOSS, WebLogic  Version control SVN, CVS, GIT.  Platforms/ Browser Windows, UNIX/Linux, Internet Explorer, Firefox, Chrome.