Front End Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> • Have designed and developed more than 50 Front End Projects over 4.6 years of expe-  rience with pixel precision across all browsers and devices.    • The projects and websites developed covers a wide range of platforms such as B2C,  B2B, Internal tools, CMS, Cardboard virtual reality websites, Online TV Channels, Micro  Sites, Email Templates, Unity3D games, Facebook and Mobile Applications, Corporate  Sites and So on.    • I have worked for many reputed Clients such as BMW, Bank of Newyork, Virgin, Mazars,  Historical Royal Palaces ( United Kingdom ), Akka Polis, Pygott & Crone and many oth-  ers.    • With just a team size of 2 i have designed and developed two websites which gets traffic  more than 40 Million visitors a Month.    • Have excellent communication skills and experience in facing clients customer service,  giving demo and presentations to the clients, training and writing instructions for the  clients/internal staffs.    • I am very good at problem solving, quick learning, work under pressure, have ability to  handle multiple projects at a time and always happy and looking forward to learn new  technologies every day.    • I am looking forward to progress my career as a Lead Front End Developer where my  skills and knowledge is tested/challenged and eventually enhanced day to day with the  work I do and with the knowledge i share and learn from my team and colleagues. Work Experience Front End Developer July 2017 to Present Design and development of a online recruitment website with full responsiveness using Angu- larJS, Vuejs, Ajax, rest API, HTML5, CSS3, SASS, Bootstrap, Javascript, web pack, grunt,  gulp, jira and confluence    • Design and develop admin panel for the recruitment website.    • R&D for the new technologies and ideas to enhance the website and adding new features  such as QR code based interview process, mobile interview process and so on.    Project URL: http://metru.de/    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, LESS, SASS, jquery, javascript, AngularJS, Rest API,  Ajax, Vuejs, web pack, grunt, gulp Jira, Confluence, Json, Swift, Vapour, Photoshop    2. Company: Deloitte ( India ) Front End Developer May 2016 to July 2017 Developing the b2b websites using HTML5, CSS3, SASS, Bootstrap, AngularJS, Rest API,  Ajax, OOjs,    Javascript and handlebars    • Interacting with the backend developers and integrating the front end code in Hybris, jsp.    • Testing and debugging the code and fixing bugs raised by QA.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, LESS, SASS, jquery, javascript, AngularJS, Rest API,  web pack, grunt, gulp, Ajax, Json, Handlebar, Hybris, jsp, Photoshop and Sales Force    3. Company: Smart & Geek (India) Lead Front End Engineer February 2015 to May 2016 I was Front End Team Lead and was responsible for Interviewing, Recruiting candidates  for front end/web design roles and training them.    • Handled 24 projects in 1 year and delivered every single project with pixel perfect design  to code, with high quality code and well before deadline. I have handled multiple projects in a day very efficiently.    • I was responsible for doing R&D on new technologies, front end project architecture, do- ing time estimation, task distribution for the team, training/guiding and enhancing the  team's skills and code quality.    • Interacting with the project manager, clients, CTO and maintaining several live servers  was one of the daily tasks.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, Foundation, LESS, SASS, jquery, javascript, ajax, rest  API, AngularJS, aframe.io, virtual reality, Photoshop, illustrator, PHP, Wordpress, Unity3d    Few Live Projects URL with Smart & Geek:  • Virtual Garage ( F1 Racer Romain Grosjean ): http://www.romaingrosjean.com/360    One of the very first Virtual Reality based project implemented in 2015 based on aframe.io. I was responsible for doing R&D of new technology, full front end architecture and development with the team    Role: Lead Front End Developer    Mazars Looking for talent: https://lookingfortalent.mazarsrecrute.fr/    A very unique project for Mazars to apply for jobs. The candidate who applies for job  through this portal can see his profile in a thrilling movie video after completing the steps. I was responsible for doing R&D and deciding on what technology to be used, full  front end architecture and development with the team.    This website got immense attraction in France and won many awards in France.    Role: Lead Front End Developer    • Undiz: https://www.veryvalentinemovie.com/    Another very unique, innovative idea of user experience based project. Again responsi- ble for doing R&D, Front End Architecture and development with the team.    Role: Lead Front End Developer    • BMW France: https://www.bmw.fr/fr/index.html  Role: Lead Front End Developer    • Rewards: https://rewards.gg/    A gamers giveaway website which has more the 40 Million Visitors a Month.    Role: Lead Front End Developer  • Akka Polis: https://akkapolis.com/    Unity3d based game website for the big corporate giant Akka Polis.    Role: Lead Front End Developer  • Aldeia: http://www.aldeia-jericoacoara.com/fr/    Role: Lead Front End Developer Lead Front End Designer/ Developer Cream Club January 2014 to January 2015 • I was the Front End Team Lead and was responsible for Interviewing, Recruiting candi- dates for front end/web design roles and training them.    • Working on multiple projects which includes designing, developing and testing cloud  based ONLINE TV CHANNELS, CMS, Micro Websites, e-mail stationaries, CORPO- RATE B2B and B2C e-commerce websites.    • Deploying and maintenance of Windows Server, Setting up Installation Wizard Shield,  Deploying projects on server, Managing and setting up IIS, Application Pool and DNS  management.    • Getting the Design brief from the I.T Director for the ONLINE TV CHANNELS and corpo- rate estate agents websites.    • Creating wireframes and Photoshop design based on the client's design brief for differ- ent device compatibility.    • Implement the design into a pixel perfect, responsive and user friendly website using the required programming languages and designing tools such as HTML5, CSS3, LESS,  BOOTSTRAP, VISUAL STUDIO, JAVASCRIPT, JQUERY, FTP and PHOTOSHOP within the brand guidelines and agreed deadline.  • Interacting with the backend developers to create the user friendly, responsive front end  Content Management Systems and Online TV, CORPORATE, MICRO WEBSITES and CMS.    • Designing and developing user friendly, Responsive, Cloud Based online tv channel  website with user friendly property search functionality.    • Developing cloud based micro sites with which the users can fully maintain on their own  with micro site functionalities like album management, content management, comment, like and sharing management.    • Designing/developing and testing fully functional e-mail templates on all major e-mail  clients, devices manually and using mailchimp.    • Design and developing Content Management Systems for internal use and for clients  which is user friendly to use and to maintain the ONLINE TV CHANNELS, MI- CROSITES, CORPORATE SITES and so on.    • Testing all website to its full compatibility using different browsers, operating systems,  devices (computers with different screen size/resolution, mobile, ipad/tablets and other  required/possible devices).    • Working future version releases (of existing projects) and Research and Designing for future projects.    • Interviewing and recruiting candidates for front end/web design roles and training them.    • Constantly monitor and improvise the live websites performance in terms of SEO, web  crawl and user interface.    • Implementing and providing a full GOOGLE ANALYTICS report with goals/targets to the marketing team and for Search Engine Optimization.    • Handling clients' queries and addressing any technical and Front End issues.    • Giving demos, presentations, training the clients and internal staffs.    • Designing and Developing marketing products/Presentation for IPAD devices, desktops,  presentation kits and any other required devices for sales and marketing team.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, LESS BOOTSTRAP 3, JAVASCRIPT, JQUERY, VISUAL STU- DIO, TEAM FOUNDATION, WINDOWS SERVER 2012, FTP, SQL, PHOTOSHOP, INDESIGN,  XML, WORDPRESS, PHP, MAIL CHIMP, MICROSOFT OUTLOOK.    Clients: Pygott & Crone, Frost Partenership, Ashtons, Robert Watts, Ankers, Hawkins, Martyn  Gerrard, Webbers and so on (worked on more than 40 client projects)    Few Live Projects URL with Cream Club:  • Hawkins Group: http://www.hawkinsgroup.co.uk/    Role: Lead Front End Developer  • Frost Partnership: http://frostweb.tv/    Role: Lead Front End Developer  • Martyn Gerrard: http://www.martyngerrard.co.uk/ Lead Front End Developer BKT (United Kingdom) January 2013 to January 2014 Team Size 2  Role: Web Designer/ Developer    • Working on multiple projects which include designing, developing and testing B2B and B2C e-commerce websites.    • Interact with the project manager and marketing team to understand the client's re- quirements, get the design brief, artwork, text and other requirements (domain name,  server, product information, official standard color codes, official fonts, body text, logo,  user accounts, prices, and other information).    • Research on the standard guidelines of the clients and current trend of the market and recommend if any improvement/changes are required with the project.    • Develop the wireframe/prototype of the design and give a demonstration to marketing/  project manager and client, commit to a deadline.    • Implement the agreed design into a responsive, user friendly website using the required  programming/designing languages like HTML, CSS, JAVASCRIPT, JQUERY, PHOT- OSHOP, INDESING and Illustrator within the brand guidelines and agreed deadline.    • Testing the website to its full compatibility using different browsers, operating systems,  devices (computers with different screen size/resolution, mobile, ipad/tablets and other  required/possible devices).    • Conducting user end testing by preparing appropriate questionnaires/heuristic evalua- tion.    • Constantly monitor and improvise the live websites performance in terms of SEO, web  crawl and user interface.  • Marketing the e-commerce websites using FACEBOOK ADS, GOOGLE ADWORDS,  GOOGLE+, TUMBLR and other social media marketing tools.    • Designing and developing wordpress blogs, facebook applications and mobile websites  related to live/upcoming e-commerce.    • Interacting with EFI OPS support team (in America) to conduct webinar training and to solve any persisting technical issues with the software.    • Developing user side e-mail campaign templates (according to requirements such as one touch, two touch, multi touch and PURL/GURL) which are compatible with different  e-mail clients, browsers, operating system and devices.    • Create graphics for clients sites, newsletters, presentations, banners, corporate variable  business cards, variable letter pads, personalized greeting card templates and other  marketing collateral.    • Helping data base administration department in solving/developing automation projects  skills sets which includes C, C++, CYGNUS, DOS COMMANDS ( with auto scheduling )    • Doing product photography for websites, banners, printing materials, books, exhibition  stands, brochures and other marketing materials.    • Training and assisting newly joined Juniors/colleagues.    Environment: HTML, CSS, JAVASCRIPT, JQUERY, EFI OPS, WORDPRESS, VISUAL STU- DIO, DREAMWEAVER, PHOTOSHOP, GIMP, INDESIGN, ILLUSTRATOR, INKSCAPE, XML and PHP.    Few Live Projects URL with BKT:  • Bank Of New York: https://www.bnymellon.com/apac/en/home.jsp    Role: Front End Developer  • Distink Cards: https://www.distinktcards.co.uk/RetailSite.asp    Role: Front End Developer  • Distink Retail: http://www.distinktretail.co.uk/RetailSite.asp    Role: Front End Developer Education Masters in german University of Wolverhampton - Bengaluru, Karnataka July 2017 to Present MSc in Information Technology in Modern Computing University of Wolverhampton - Wolverhampton 2011 BSc in Computer Science and Electronics in Digital Electronics University of Mysore - Mysore, Karnataka 2009 Skills Bootstrap (3 years), Frontend (4 years), JAVASCRIPT (4 years), JQUERY (4 years), Photoshop (4 years) Links http://manu-v.com https://goo.gl/gSldBZ Additional Information Technical Skills:    • Front End Skills:    HTML5, CSS3, LESS, SASS, SCSS, Bootstrap, AngularJS, Vuejs, Foundation,  Jquery, Javascript, Webpack, Grunt, Gulp, Rest API, OOJS, handlebar, Virtual Re-  ality, HTML Email templating, Wordpress.    • Tools and Environment:    Photoshop, Illustrator, jira, confluence, Brackets, Visual Studio Team Foundation,  GITlab, Bitbucket, Sublime, Windows, Linux and Mac OS.    • UI Expertise:    Pixel Perfect design to code conversion, Cross browser compatibility and testing,  Cross Device Compatibility and testing, Code quality and perfection, Project ar-  chitecting, Virtual Reality and R&D    • Additional Skills:    Windows Server Setup, Setting up Installation Wizard Shield, Deploying projects  on server, Managing and setting up IIS and Application Pool, FTP, SQL, XAMPP,  WAMP, MYSQL, SEO, google analytics and tracking, google webmaster, google  adwords/adsense, facebook advertising and campaigning, AXURE, XML, email/  website/products Photoshop designing, SSL certification, Payment gateway,  PRINCE2 and Video Editing