Front- End Developer <span class="hl">Front</span>-<span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front- End Developer Mountain View, CA • 5 years of experience in the field of front end web application Development.  • Deep understanding on implementing single page application using MVC principle.  • Expertise in HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, React.js, AngularJS, Bootstrap.  • Excellent understanding on React.js state data and JSX, using props to pass data between classes.  • Familiar with different component of AngularJS like controller, service, route provider, directives, as well as deep understanding of dependency injection in AngularJS.  • Proficient in DOM manipulation using jQuery and AngularJS.  • Good understanding on JSON and XML.  • Great understanding on objected oriented JavaScript programming, including advanced concept like Closure, Prototype, Promise resolve mechanism, Ajax and so on.  • Experience in writing/editing detailed design documents, technical user manual, business process flowcharts and other documentations.  • Good understanding on different stages of Project Life Cycle as well as agile development cycle.  • Solid understanding on concepts like Software Development Life-Cycle (SDLC).  • Strong Knowledgeable in Bootstrap framework and Responsive Web design to adjust to different devices.  • Proficient in using Git for committing and branching code for version control as well as resolving conflicts when working with others.  • Great experience in creating excellent responsive web design using CSS Media Queries and libraries like Bootstrap.  • Comfortable with debugging and trouble-shooting on existing code base using Chrome developer toolbar and Firefox firebug.  • Comfortable with managing the frameworks and libraries for project with Webpack.  • Extreme comfortable with using IDEs like eclipse, and WebStorm.  • Good team player, easy to work with and appreciate the importance of great team work.  • Excellent communication skill, highly self-motivated and always craving for new technologies.  • Experience in handling Cross Browser/Platform Compatibility issues (Internet Explorer (IE), Firefox, Opera, Google Chrome and Safari).  • Thrilled with Agile method environment. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Front- End Developer Bridge Global Education. Inc - San Ramon, CA November 2016 to August 2017 Project: Online Management/Teaching    Description: Immigrate a static website into dynamic web application. Supporting multi-user login, admin authority and online teaching using React.js. I took responsibility to improve responsive design using Bootstrap, adding functions based on client's request, working in agile method, having meeting with the team every week, working with back end team to deal with API problems.    Responsibilities:  • Participated with end users and business analyst to understand the business requirements  • Responsible for design and development of the web pages from mock- ups (PSD).  • Designed dynamic and browser compatible pages using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript and React.js.  • Implementing business logic and rules by writing code for classes and functional methods in JavaScript and React.js.  • CSS styles were developed in order to preserve the uniformity of all the screens throughout the application and positioning of screen objects.  • Used Object Oriented Programming concepts to develop UI components that could be reused across the Web Application.  • Worked closely with back end team to implement AJAX call to REST APIs and update dynamic functionality of HTML in React.js.  • Created web pages using Media Queries and Twitter Bootstrap that cater to Android and IOS web platforms.  • Developed multiple POCs to create a user transaction grid in React.js.  • Writing unit test with Jasmine to ensure robust code quality.  • Managed the frameworks and libraries with Webpack.  • Used GIT to do the coding record and version control.  • Encrypted code using SSH's public key and private key.  • In Agile, I was response for a whole component development, include client requirement, layout design and function reality.  • Participated in AGILE SCRUM meetings, sprint planning sessions and retrospective meetings during the 2 week sprint cycles.  Environment: HTML, CSS3, JavaScript, React.js, Bootstrap, AJAX, JSON/XML, Git Front- End Developer Blue Cross Blue Shield December 2015 to October 2016 Project: Sales Details    Taking responsibility to build a sales project which mainly uses for business clients. Usually, the sales representatives have the details about the product. With the help of this application, business partners can also research about the product and get the sales quotes. I collaborated with Ux team.    Responsibilities:  • Involved in developing web pages using HTML5.  • Developed UI using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript validations and XML.  • Working with team developers to integrate HTML5 and CSS3.  • Improve UI and responsive design using company's internal CSS library.  • Involved in checking the browser compatibility issues and troubleshooting the issues.  • Responsible for developing CSS3 classes to GUI web page forms and controls.  • Developed and designed internet web applications using JavaScript, CSS3 and JQuery.  • Create dynamic picture gallery using JQuery.  • Involved in checking the browser compatibility issues and troubleshooting the issues.  • Created a user-friendly call center application based on the client requirement and the consumer basis.  • Involved in developing web pages with the applications like login, username, password using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery and Ajax according to the client requirement for online login.  • Strong communication, analytical and interpersonal skills working within cross-functional teams.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, Adobe Photoshop, Git UI Web Developer Hua Xia Bank - Beijing, CN October 2013 to April 2015 Project: Money Tracker    Immigrate an application to React.js which helps users to keep the track of their credit card statements and details. This application helps them to get the latest record of the bills and credit score.  Responsibilities:  • Redesigning and developing the web pages using HTML, CSS, JavaScript and React.js  • Developing non-functional HTML, CSS pages from the mock ups and involved in UI review with Business Units.  • Filled mock-ups up functions with JavaScript and React.js.  • Good Understanding of Content Management System.  • Usage of adobe Photoshop for retrieval of images.  • Mainly focusing on cross-browser compatibility and fixed the bugs for several browsers with JavaScript and React.js.  • Worked closely with back end team to implement AJAX call to REST APIs and update dynamic functionality of HTML in React.js.  • Working with developer in UI Integration and defect fixing.  • Converted the mock-ups into hand-written HTML, CSS3, JavaScript and React.js.  • Involved in UI Testing which is generally testing the graphical user interfaces, how user interacts with the application, testing application elements like fonts, layouts, buttons, images, colors etc.  • Cooperate with QA team writing unit test with Jasmine to ensure robust code quality.    Environment: HTML, CSS3, JavaScript, React.js, AJAX, JSON/XML, Git Skills AJAX (3 years), GIT (3 years), HTML5 (5 years), JavaScript (5 years), JSON (2 years) Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:    Languages HTML5, CSS2/3, JavaScript, Java  Web Servers AWS, Tomcat  Framework React.js, AngularJS, JQuery, Bootstrap, AJAX  IDE WebStorm, Eclipse, Ruby Mine,  Methodologies: Agile, Waterfall Model  Database Microsoft Access, My SQL  Version Control Git, GitHub, GitLab  Data Format JSON