Front End Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End Developer - Kretek International Inc Moorpark, CA Dependable front- end developer with broad and deep knowledge of programming languages and web technologies. Highly adept to working in complex technical situations with good work ethic. Excellent organizational skills and quick adaptability to evolving technologies. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Front End Developer Kretek International Inc - Moorpark, CA August 2016 to Present Moorpark, CA: Importer, marketer and distributor of specialty tobacco products serving retail purchases through online purchases at phillipsandking.com  • Maintaining and developing existing e-commerce website phillipsandking.com using C# in ASP.NET Web Forms, ASP.NET MVC, and JavaScript (Bower to minify)and Angular with TFS as source control.  • Experience in customizing WordPress themes and developed plugins for product websites in PHP, JavaScript.  • Developed internal web application for Graphics department in ASP.NET MVC using HTML5, CSS3, JS, C#, razor and integrated it to Azure Cloud Services using REST API to upload product images for all the available e-commerce websites.  • Creating email templates in HTML boilerplate to send campaigns and offers for ultimatesuperfoods.com  • Implementing web-services in developing new web pages and functionalities using SOAP and REST.  • Developing web applications in Angular 2 and React using ASP.NET Core 1.0 using REST API.  • Using Agile SDLC, following bi-weekly Sprints to develop, review and test code with weekly reports of the project status. Front End Developer Vedainfo Inc February 2016 to August 2016 Worked for pharmacy based client to develop patient and doctor portals.  • Developed and maintained the front- end functionality of websites using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript and jQuery in JSP from PSD.   • Created responsive web pages and wrote cross-browser compliant code in HTML, CSS & JavaScript for different browsers.  • Used Grunt to build and minify the JavaScript files for the code base to automate the build process.  • Using Agile SDLC, following SCRUM framework Sprint and daily stand-up meetings, using Rally to track the status of the project. Web Developer University of New Mexico - Albuquerque, NM January 2014 to December 2015 Albuquerque, NM  • Worked on UNM Extended Learning website http://extendedlearning.unm.edu/ using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, PHP in LAMP (Linux, Apache, MySQL, and PHP) environment.  • Developed new web pages, maintained and updated existing pages in HTML, CSS, worked with MySQL database to retrieve the student's information by following FERPA and HIPPA regulations.  • Designed flow of control of the website by monitoring student and professor's activities using Google Analytics.  • Extensively used/modified jQuery to perform AJAX calls for creating interactive web pages on JSON response. Consulted and documented UI best practices and code standards. Education Master of Science in Electrical Engineering in Electrical Engineering University of New Mexico - Albuquerque, NM December 2015 Bachelor of Electrical and Electronics Engineering in Electrical and Electronics Engineering Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University - Hyderabad, ANDHRA PRADESH, IN June 2013 Skills Ajax (3 years), JavaScript (3 years), jQuery. (2 years), JSON (2 years), PHP (2 years), C# (2 years), Angular 2 (Less than 1 year) Links https://github.com/msampelli28 Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  Web Technologies: HTML5, CSS3, JSP, Java Servlets, ASP.NET MVC, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, JSON, XML,  Bootstrap, Angular JS, SASS, Gulp, Bower  Programming Languages: C#, Java 1.6, PHP  Databases: MySQL, Oracle 11g, 12c, MS SQL  Application Packages: Visual Studio 2015, Eclipse, NetBeans, Dreamweaver,  CMS: WordPress  Operating Systems: Windows, Linux, Mac OS X  Tools: MS-Office Suite, Adobe Photoshop, GitHub, Sublime, Rally, Brackets, Bit Bucket, TFS,  Firebug, PageInsight,  Courses: Web Application Architecture (Ruby on Rails), Fundamentals of Software Testing