Front End/UI Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span>/UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End/UI Developer - First Tennessee Bank Wilmington, DE • Over all professional experience with 4 years in the Web Applications Development using HTML, CSS, JavaScript's and Angular.  • Experience in Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) phases like Requirement Analysis, Implementation and estimating the time-lines for the project.  • Extensive experience in designing professional UI web applications using front- end technologies like HTML5, DHTML, CSS3, JavaScript, XML,DHTML, XHTML, JQuery, AJAX and JSON.  • Proficient in building Web User Interface (UI) using HTML5, CSS3, DHTML, table less XHTML and JavaScript that follows W3C Web Standards and are browser compatible.  • Hands on experience In Front end technologies like React.JS, Node.jS, Angular 6, Angular 5, Angular 2.0 and Twitter frameworks.  • Experience in working HTML 5 and CSS 3 concepts like Figure Tag, SVG element, Web Fonts and Gradient.  • Experienced in React. JS and working with Redux architecture.  • Solid experience with Responsive Web Design (RWD) and building cross browser compatibility applications.  • Expertise in analyzing the DOM Layout, JavaScript functions, Cascading Styles across cross-browser using Fire Bug.  • Expertise in developing front end web applications and designing interfaces by using client scripting such as JavaScript and JavaScript frameworks like JQuery.  • Experience in designing UI patterns and UI applications with the help of Adobe products like Adobe Dreamweaver CS3, Adobe Photoshop CS3/CS4, Adobe Fireworks CS3 and Adobe Illustrator CS3.  • Experience in Responsive web design (RWD) with the UI compatibility being multi-device compatible (Desktop, Tablet, Mobile - IOS, Android), application architecture, visual design, wireframes, and Cross Browser Compatible following web 2.0 specifications.  • Extensive experience in creating style guides, best practices and setting UI standards for enterprise/consumer applications.  • Proficient with creating Logos, Banners, Buttons, Icons and Images using Adobe Flash and Adobe Illustrator.  • Experience on working with CSS Background, CSS Layouts, CSS positioning, CSS text, CSS border, CSS margin, CSS padding, CSS table, Pseudo classes, Pseudo elements and CSS behaviors in CSS.  • Working knowledge of Web protocols and standards (HTTP HTML/XHTML/XHTML-MP, Web Forms, XML, XML parsers).  • Working experience with an Agile (Scrum) Development Team to deliver regular updates to business team.  • Ability to write well-documented, well-commented, clear and maintainable efficient code for web development.  • Strong communication, collaboration & team building skills with proficiency in grasping new technical concepts quickly.  • Self-starter always inclined to learn new technologies and Team Player with very good communication, organizational and interpersonal skills Work Experience Front End/UI Developer First Tennessee Bank - Memphis, TN June 2018 to Present Responsibilities:  • Involved in Requirements and Analysis Understanding the requirements of the client and the flow of the application as well as the application Framework  • Developed the UI Screens using HTML 5, DHTML, XML, JavaScript's, Ajax, JQuery Custom-tags, JSTL DOM Layout and CSS.  • Designed dynamic client-side JavaScript codes to build web forms and simulate process for web application, page navigation and form validation.  • Implemented latest HTML5 and CSS3 features like creating various effects, shading, 2D 3D animation, Shapes, Handling multimedia files and many others.  • Responsible for the overall layout design, color scheme of the web site using HTML 5, XHTML and CSS3 and Responsible for creating detailed wire frames and process flows.  • Enhanced application performance by Angular 6 Component based development in view of future Angular framework transitions.  • Worked extensively on Angular 4/6 framework and had experience working with Ng-Modules, components, Observables, ng-router.  • Designed and implemented the modern and enhanced development platform using frameworks like Angular 5.  • Implemented Router Module of Angular 5 to make the whole project a Single Page Application and add routers according to the requirements.  • Wrote Angular interceptor for redirections of pages based on redirection keys comes from AJAX success.  • Used Bootstrap and Angular UI Bootstrap for creating rich, Responsive UI Screens for varying screen sizes and devices.  • Worked with Responsive Web design using Bootstrap.JS.  • Created and deployed new features in order to sustain and amend existing applications.  • Developed cross-browser/platform HTML5, CSS, and JavaScript to match design specs for complex page layouts while adhering to code standards  • Used Dreamweaver as HTML Editor for designing new pages.  • Developed a core component of Analytics with Node.js, Angular.js, EXT JS, Couch DB, and Socket Stream.  • Worked on the modernization of a legacy and outsourced UI technologies used were Angular.js, EXT JS, and JQuery.  • Developed Applications Using CSS 3 Media Queries, SASS and LESS.  • Incorporate the AJAX scripts to improve the performance of the page.  • Implemented site-wide Google sponsored listings and several third-party campaign takeovers using the latest UI technologies like JQuery and HTML5.  • Involved in developing various generic JavaScript functions used for validations.  • Provided graphic and artistic support for web enhancement and new creative initiatives  • Implemented user interface guidelines and standards throughout the development and maintenance of the website using DHTML, HTML, CSS, JavaScript and JQuery.  • Developed client side validation code using JavaScript and JQuery.  • Responsible to manipulate HTML5, CSS3 in JQuery as well as making the pages dynamic using AJAX, JSON and XML.  • Extended CSS as needed to accommodate new data and display types.  • Used Jasmine & Karma for Unit testing Angular.js.  • Responsible for quality assurance of finished websites including the validation of web forms and links.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JQuery, DHTML, JavaScript, XHTML, XML, JSON, AJAX, Angular 6/5/4, TypeScript, Angular.js, Bootstrap, Node.js, EXT JS, Responsive Web Design, JQuery UI, Jasmine, Karma, DOM, MVC, SQL, Windows. Front End/UI Developer HealthEdge - Burlington, MA December 2016 to March 2018 Responsibilities:  • Involvement in all stages of Software development life cycle including Analysis, development, Implementation, testing and support.  • Involved in web designing using HTML 5, XHTML, CSS 3, JavaScript and extensively used Table less Design in CSS for positioning.  • Developed responsive designs using HTML5 and CSS3 for hand held devices.  • Designed and developed code for table less web interfaces using XHTML, CSS, DOM and JavaScript.  • Designed data formatted web applications using HTML, DHTML, XHTML and CSS and deploy the script by client side scripting using JavaScript.  • Responsible to build dynamically generated dropdown lists with Lookup APIs using Ajax, jQuery and React.JS.  • Responsible for creating the screens with table-less designs meeting W3C standards.  • Worked with CSS 3 and Bootstrap to create Responsive Web designs for multiple departments/pages.  • Worked on creating responsive website for smart devices using Responsive Web design and media queries.  • Produced content pages with CSS3 layout and style markup presentations and also used JavaScript methods and properties.  • Developed responsive single page web application using Angular.js and Node.js, custom directives.  • Utilized Angular.js framework to bind HTML template (views) to JavaScript object (models).  • Used Selectors, Events, AJAX and DOM Manipulation using components in Angular 2.0 for updating  content on DOM nodes.  • Created TypeScript reusable components and services to consume REST API's using Component based architecture provided by Angular 2.  • Integrated Bootstrap.JS into several applications for speeding up JavaScript development.  • Designed dynamic and browser compatible pages using HTML, DHTML, CSS, jQuery and JavaScript.  • Developed CSS styles to maintain the uniformity of all the screens throughout the application and positioning of screen objects.  • Designed CSS based page layouts that are cross-browser compatible and standards-compliant. Developed CSS3 style sheets to give gradient effects.  • Worked in using React.JS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, Animations and Flux concept.  • Developed code to call the web service/APIs to fetch the data and populate on the UI using JQUERY/AJAX.  • Coded JavaScript for page functionality and Pop up Screens and used DHTML to make dropdown menus on web pages and display part of a web page upon user request.  • Coordinate with Business and Designer team to develop high level Business and Technical documents.    Environment: HTML5, DHTML, React.JS, XHTML, Ajax, CSS, JQuery, JavaScript, Angular 2, TypeScript, Angular.js, Node.js, Responsive Web Design, HTML, Adobe, JSP, Oracle, Photoshop, CS3, Dream Weaver and Windows. Software Developer Syena Infosoft Pvt Ltd February 2015 to June 2016 Responsibilities:  • Involved in complete SDLC life cycle - Designing, Coding, Testing, and Debugging and Production Support.  • Responsible for dealing with the front end development using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery.  • Created optimized graphic websites and application interfaces using HTML and CSS.  • Involved in Angular JS controllers, directives, factory and service resources, routings and events.  • Worked on Angular.JS which combines web applications with Model View Controller capability to make development and testing of code efficient.  • Designed responsive webpage using Bootstrap grid system to layout contents that fit different devices including mobile, tablet and desktop.  • Developed CSS media queries to make the application responsive website design (RWD).  • Worked with CSS pre-processor tools namely LESS and SASS.  • Created Cross-Browser compatible and standards-compliant CSS-base page layouts.  • Used Jasmine framework for testing Angular application that makes testing much easier to set up and run.  • Developed code to call the Restful Web services to fetch the data and populate on the UI using Angular.JS.  • Developed AJAX based web based UI framework by utilizing JQUERY library.  • Responsible for making Responsive Web pages using Media Queries.  • Used to update the HTML pages using JQUERY, AJAX via JSON response.  • Developed UI design specs that allows and facilitate project and functional requirements across a multi-disciplinary teams through all phases of the project.  • Designed table-less layouts using CSS and appropriate HTML tags as per W3C standards.  • Developed the custom data grids upon JQUERY framework to deliver the business data.  • Used JQUERY plug-ins to implement features as a light box, sliders and other intuitive features.  • Used AJAX for implementing part of the functionality for Customer Registration, View Customer information modules.  • Handled all aspects of the web applications including maintaining, testing, debugging and deploying.    Environment: HTML 4/5, CSS 2/3, JavaScript, JQUERY, Bootstrap, LESS, SASS, Responsive Web Design, Angular.JS, SQL, W3C, AJAX, JSON, XML, Jasmine and windows. Education Master's in Information Assurance Wilmington University - New Castle, DE August 2016 to December 2018 Bachelor's in electronics and computers KL University June 2011 to April 2015 Skills React, Angular, Front-End, CSS3, Front End, UI, Javascript Additional Information Technical Skills:    Web Technologies  HTML/HTML5, CSS2/CSS3, DHTML, XML, XHTML, XSLT, JavaScript, AJAX, JQuery, JSON, Apache, LESS, SASS, Bootstrap and Responsive Web Design.    JavaScript Libraries Angular 6/5/4, Angular 2, TypeScript, Angular.js, React.js, Node.js, Ext.js  IDE's and Tools Eclipse IDE, NetBean, Dreamweaver, FireBug, Developer Tools, EditPlus, JSfiddle, Webstrom, Tatastrom, Sublimetext  Development Tools Adobe Photoshop CS5, Google Ad Words  Version Controls SVN, CVS, Git  Debugging Tools Firebug, BugZilla    Methodologies Agile, Waterfall, TDD  Database PL/SQL, MySQL, Oracle  Operating System Windows 2000/XP/Vista/7/8, LINUX. UNIX.