Front End UI Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> Massachusetts • Around 4 years of development experience with HTML, HTML5, XHTML, DOM, CSS, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Angular JS, ES6, AJAX and JSON  • Excellent knowledge of JavaScript and OOPS concepts  • Extensive experience in developing web page quickly and effectively using jQuery, HTML5, CSS3, Responsive Web Design, Bootstrap and experience in making web pages Cross Browser Compatible  • Experience in AngularJS, Nodejs, Require js, Backbonejs, structural framework for dynamic web apps and ionic frame work.,  • Experience in working with third party web services APIs and Web Services using AJAX and JQUERY.  • Experience in AngularJS structural framework for dynamic web apps  • Experienced in using web design tools like Bootstrap.  • Responsible for managing a team to develop products and services.  • Strong experience in using control systems like GIT, SVN.  • Good knowledge in reduce web page traffic use the tools yslow  • Working knowledge in UI development process such as Analysis, Development and Testing, and associated methodologies.  • Expertise on working with different browsers like Google chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox, Internet Explorer and thorough understanding of checking cross browser compatibility issues.  • Experience in bug tracking tool JIRA and code integration and deployment tool JENKINS.  • Experience in JavaScript Unit Testing tools like Mocha and Jasmine along with browser testing tools like Firebug, Firebug Lite, Chrome Developer tools, safari web inspectors and IE Developer Tools. Sponsorship required to work in the US Work Experience Front End UI Developer Acushnet, MA December 2015 to Present Roles and Responsibilities:  • MVC features like controllers, routers in AngularJS and JavaScript were used for developing UI screens  • New directives for print options from different screens and date picker maskings were implemented for addressing cross browser issues.  • Implemented Google place for auto-completion of address fields.  • Log4javascript and log4js UI log utilities were used to override angularJS default logs for personalization and other performance tracking details.  • UI screens were developed based on wireframes designed in responsive way.  • Twitter Bootstrap plugins and CSS3 media queries were used for better responsive development of the application.  • Data validations were implemented for critical functionalities using AngularJS and JavaScript.  • AJAX and dynamic HTML components for video playing and pdf generations were implemented.  • For rendering domain-specific layout XML to the web, JavaScript libraries are used.  • Supported back- end developers for implementing AJAX and dynamic HTML5 functionalities using jQuery.  • Responsible for creating sketch, wireframe, prototype and visual mockups  • Managed Web and interactive communication projects from initial consultation through successfully launch with ability to handle various projects at the same time and complete them by given deadline  • Worked with customers to create an intuitive user interface that are cutting edge and easy to use  • SVN is used for version control and recently migrated to GIT control system.  • Page loadings were minimized by using sprite images for better image optimization and adjustments along with the usage of content analysis tools.  • Involved in technical discussions with BA and QA along with JAR sessions.  • Agile software development practices were followed with JIRA tracking for issues.    Environment: HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript, Angular JS, GruntJS, Bootstrap, JSON, Ajax, dynamic HTML, Agile methodology. Front End UI Developer Macwie Technologies - IN July 2013 to March 2015 Responsibilities:    * Understanding of business requirements, analyzing and implementing the process using Agile (Scrum) methodology.  * Developed the presentation layer using HTML5, XML, XSLT, CSS, and AJAX.  * Worked on pop up screens, image sliders, and dropdown menus on web pages using JavaScript, CSS3, jQuery, and AJAX to make UI functional.  * Existing JavaScript code conversion into MVC pattern using AngularJS framework.  * Single page applications were built using AngularJS.  * Involved in writing jQuery-based Ajax requests to call the web service/APIs to fetch the data and populate on the UI.  * Updated the DOM nodes and elements using selectors and attributes implementation  * Strong experience working on different browsers like safari, Internet explorer, Firefox and Google chrome.  * Worked extensively on designing CSS based page layouts that are cross-browser compatible.  * Extensively used JavaScript, jQuery libraries, bootstrap, AJAX for form validation and other interactive features.  * Using responsive design and media queries, created responsive web pages for critical modules  * To interact with the servers for information, calls were triggered using AJAX and jQuery.  * Design concepts were prototyped rapidly including data visualization.  * Designed, developed and maintained a rich data-driven application using Backbone.js.  * Working experience on React.js so as to support the underlying data changes in a rapid way.  * Experience in the complete product life cycle stages as plan, prototype, code and test in an agile, continuous integration and automated testing environment.  * Good Experience in using test driven JS tools like Jasmine and Karma.  * JIRA tool was used for bug tracking.  * Lead discussions with BA's for better understanding of the design requirements for application modules.  * Involved in daily scrum to discuss the design and work progress.    Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, AngularJS, AJAX, jQuery, XML, XSL, JIRA, Jasmine, Karma, React.js, Backbone.js, Bootstrap. UI Developer HCL Technologies Pvt. Ltd July 2012 to June 2013 Responsibilities:  * Designed the class diagrams and sequence diagrams using Microsoft Visio.  * Developed the UI Screens using HTML5, DHTML, XML, and JavaScript, jQuery Custom-tags, JSTL DOM Layout, Ajax and CSS.  * Client side validations are developed using jQuery and JavaScript.  * CSS based page layouts that are cross-browser compatible and standards-compliant were developed.  * Responsible for the color scheme of the website, overall layout design using HTML, XHTML and CSS.  * Implemented AJAX methodologies for required page update for improving the efficiency of the page load of the application.  * XML, XSLT and XPATH were used for cross platform information parsing.  * Designed graphics using Fireworks and Adobe Photoshop.  * AJAX scripts were used to improve the performance of the page.  * Involved in designing wire-frames and process work flow of the application.  * Extensively used/modified jQuery to perform AJAX calls for creating interactive web pages on JSON response.  * Played active role in Analysis, Design, Coding and Development of customized application interfaces.  * Designed the presentation layer and GUI framework for the view part of the application written using JSP and client-side validations were done using JavaScript.  * Designed applications were tested using debugging tools like Firebugs/IE Developer Tools when deployed in different available browsers.  * Dreamweaver and Adobe Flash are used for designing new HTML pages  * Testing of the product: Unit Testing, Module Testing, Integration Testing and Regression Testing.  * To track and maintain the history of bugs/issues on everyday basis, Bugzilla is used.    Environment: HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, JSON, XML, XSLT, DHTML, Photoshop, Adobe Flash, Usability Testing, Microsoft Visio, Agile methodology. Education Bachelors of Technology in Computer Science and Engineering JNTU Additional Information Skills Summary:  Web Technologies HTML5, CSS3, XML, XSL, XSLT, SOAP, Restful web services Java Script, jQuery, Ajax, AngularJS, Bootstrap, Node.js, Require.js, Ext.js  Operating systems: Linux & MS-Windows NT, Windows XP  Development IDE/ Tools Eclipse, NetBeans, Sublime, Dreamweaver, WebStorm 11  Debuggers and other tools  Adobe Photoshop, Gimp, MS Office, Jira, Firebug, Chrome Developers Tool, Windows Movie Maker, Firebug Lite, Google Chrome Web Debugger    Web/Application Server Web logic, Web Sphere, Tomcat, JBoss  Web Services Apache AXIS, SOAP, WSDL  Version Control Tools CVS, Tortoise SVN, GIT