Front End/UI Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span>/UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End/UI Developer - Camico Mutual Insurance Pleasanton, CA ? Over 3+ years of experience in UI development, Front end development, rich user interface design, development, web specifications and documentation.  ? Experience in Software life cycle phases like Requirement Analysis, Implementation and estimating the time-lines for the project.  ? Extensive experience in designing professional UI web applications using front- end technologies like HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, XML, XHTML, jQuery, AJAX, JSON.  ? Profound knowledge in Angular JS concepts like Dependency Injection, Promises, Services, Scopes, Controllers and Directives.  ? Proficient in Single Page Application development using AngularJS.  ? Experience in using AngularJS along with JSON to parse response data for user interface pages.  ? Expertise in creating User Controls, Web Forms and client side validations using JavaScript, jQuery and Angular-JS  ? Experience in developing applications using CSS3 Media Queries, SASS, LESS and Responsive Web Design making.  ? Good at techniques like bundling and Minification in angular to reduce the compile and run time of the application.  ? Expertise in designing and developing User Experiences for Web Applications.  ? Excellent experience in developing web pages complying with Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) and ability to apply W3C web standards.  ? Experience in using multiple IDEs such as WebStorm, Sublime Text, Brackets, Notepad++.  ? Excellent experience in Restful Web services and development.  ? Extensive understanding in Agile methodology and Software Development Life Circle (SDLC).  ? Experience with Version Control tools like CVS, VSS and SVN for Source Code version management and merging Source code after intermittent Project releases.  ? Experience in Agile methodologies such as Extreme Programming, Waterfall Model and Test Driven Development.  ? Good in communicating with clients, customers, managers and other teams in the enterprise at all levels.  ? Effective problem solving skills, outstanding interpersonal skills, good in written and verbal communication. Ability to work independently as well as within a team environment. Driven to meet deadlines. Motivated to produce robust, high-performance software. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Front End/UI Developer Camico Mutual Insurance - San Mateo, CA February 2017 to Present San Mateo, CA Feb 2017 - Till Date  This application will be used by different audiences who will be served through this site, which will include: agents, retailers, policyholders and claimants. The goal is to provide a single, consistent entry point where customers can perform queries, access reports, and obtain information on claims and policies.  Role: Front End/UI Developer  Responsibilities:  ? Implementing the Design and developing modules using Agile Methodology.  ? Used Model View Controller framework such as Angular JS framework for creating Single Page Application.  ? Responsible for creating efficient design and developing User Interaction screens using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, AJAX and JSON.  ? Used JavaScript, jQuery for user interactions in pages.  ? Worked on creating responsive website for smart devices using responsive design and media queries, using technologies like Bootstrap.  ? Utilized various JavaScript and jQuery libraries, AJAX for form validation and other interactive features.  ? Successfully performed the Restful APIs Integration using XML and JSON.  ? Used CSS Sprites to decrease the number of HTTP requests and load time of web pages.  ? Involved in development converting the static HTML mark-ups to JSP's.  ? Used SASS Preprocessor for CSS preprocessing.  ? Developed applications using AngularJS single page applications to improve page performance.  ? Developed reusable components using Custom Directives in AngularJS.  ? Reconstructed front- end system in React JS by designing React reusable components and lifecycles.  ? Responsible to gathering requirements and creating the right solutions with our Marketing SAAS Cloud products.  ? Used JQuery & Ajax for service calls on pages to interact with the server for information.  ? Defined new validations through Angular.js for the form field validation implemented through HTML5.  ? Produced visually appealing designs focused on usability, utility, UX, cross-browser.  ? Participated with SQA team in bug thrashing sessions to discuss and resolve bugs that were reported in JIRA.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, DHTML, JavaScript, jQuery, Angular.js, Node.js, React JS, Responsive Design, Bootstrap, AJAX, SVN, Adobe Dreamweaver, Web services, XML, XSLT, Agile Methodology, Windows, Front End/UI Developer Beneficial State Bank - Oakland, CA October 2015 to January 2017 Oakland, CA Oct 2015 - Jan 2017  The current Project is developed to build a common and dynamic application interface to allow applicants to select, apply and receive a decision for multiple banking products and deposits (Checking, Saving, Debit Cards), Credit Cards, Mortgage, Brokerage Accounts (Mutual Funds) for various delivery channels E-Commerce, Banking Center and Partners Site with the help of single sign On (SSO).  Role: Front End/UI Developer  Responsibilities:  ? Involved in various phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) of the application like Requirement gathering, Design, Analysis and Code development.  ? Done the design, development and testing phases of Software Development using AGILE methodology and Test Driven Development (TDD).  ? The Existing application has tabs whose content is loaded through iframes .Now the application has to be changed to SPA (single Page Application) using Angular.js framework.  ? Used Dependency Injection (DI) concepts in Angular JS.  ? Participated in making Responsive Web Designs using Media Queries and Bootstrap, JQuery-Mobile.  ? Developed dynamic web pages using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, AngularJS, Bootstrap and Ajax.  ? Created various Angular Services & injected them into Angular controllers (using Dependency Injection) to enable Ajax calls and created custom directives to create own HTML tags and induce functional behavior to those tags.  ? Collaborated with a team and successfully designed Web Apps with React JS. and Structured the JavaScript code using Angular JS.  ? Created AngularJs components, implemented Interpolation, input variables, Bootstrapping, NgFor, NgIf, Router Outlet, binding the click event, Component decorator, binding to the hidden property.  ? Used Bootstrap and Angular UI Bootstrap for creating rich, Responsive UI Screens for varying screen sizes and devices.  ? Implemented nested views and routing using Angular UI Router as per the requirement.  ? Created various Angular directives, controllers, DOM, expressions, templates, data binding, etc.  ? Wrote media queries and designed the application using Responsive web design tool Bootstrap.  ? Developed modules like configuration module, create module and developed routing files for routing each page.  ? Implemented front end user interface and features in the application using AJAX.  ? Used jQuery and coded JavaScript for page functionality and Light box plug-in.  ? Coded pages with best Search Engine Optimization (SEO) techniques.  ? Used GitHub as a version control, and used JIRA for bug management. Utilized Agile Methodologies (Scrum) to manage full life-cycle development of the project.  ? Followed agile methodology for developing the application.  ? Work with source version control tool GIT to manage the code repository.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, JQuery Mobile AJAX, AngularJs, SPA, Bootstrap, REST, Node.js, XML, agile, Jira, GIT, Windows. Web Developer Vadodara, Gujarat February 2014 to January 2015 Responsibilities:  ? Worked in a team, Involved in developing the UI, layout and front- end programming (HTML) from wireframes.  ? Involved in Enhancement of existing application utilizing JSP, Created HTML navigation menu that is role based menu items changes dynamically, derived from the database in the form of XML.  ? Utilized various JavaScript and JQuery libraries, AJAX for form validation and other interactive features.  ? Developed reusable AngularJS directives.  ? Developed GUI using JavaScript, Angular and React JavaScript, HTML, DOM, XHTML, AJAX, CSS and JQuery Mobile, Backbone.js in on-going projects.  ? Converted UI screens from XMI (XML Metadata Interchange) framework to AngularJS framework which resulted in better performance and reduced code count.  ? Involved in preparation of test cases for unit & integration testing and User acceptance testing.  ? Converted the mock-ups into hand-written HTML, CSS, XHTML, JavaScript, JQuery, AJAX, XML and JSON.  ? Interacted with java controllers (JQUERY, Ajax, and JSON to write/read data from back end systems).  ? Involved in writing application level code to interact with APIs, Web Services using AJAX, JSON and XML.  ? Applied advanced HTML, JavaScript, and CSS to deliver cutting-edge user interfaces using material design components in Angular JS.  ? Created forms to collect and validate data from the user in HTML and JavaScript.  ? Active participation throughout the entire software development lifecycle from project inception, to code development and elaborate testing of the various modules.  ? Used agile methodology for the software development.  ? Developed SQL queries to perform insert, update or delete operation on MySQL database.  ? Responsible for authoring of website functionality with JavaScript, HTML, CSS.  ? Used CSS Sprites to decrease the number of HTTP requests and load time of web pages.  Environment: HTML, Angular.JS, JavaScript, AJAX, CSS, JSON, JQuery, XML, agile, Apache and Windows. Education Master's Skills Angular JS (3 years), Bootstrap. (2 years), JavaScript (3 years), JQuery (3 years), XML (3 years) Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:  Languages JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3.  Web AngularJS, Bootstrap, NodeJS, JavaScript, Jquery, JSON, XML  SDLC Agile, Waterfall  Servers Apache  Web Services RESTful  Tools Webstorm, Sublime, Notepad++, GitHub, Chrome, Mozila Firefox, Xampp, Wampp  Operating systems Windows Variants