Front End Web Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> Web <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End Web Developer • Two plus years of solid development experience in utilizing CSS, HTML to deliver  user interface and control.  • Utilized knowledge of JavaScript, HTML, DOM, and CSS to deliver cutting  edge user interfaces.  • Hands on experience in tools like HTML, XHTML, CSS, JQuery.  • OS installation and troubleshooting like UNIX and Windows.  • Strong design and production skills with emphasis on interactive elements and GUI.  • A strong problem-solving work ethics, interpersonal and teamwork skills. Work Experience Front End Web Developer LFC - USA December 2011 to May 2013 Design and developed cutting edge user interface experience. Utilized JavaScript, CSS and HTML for the presentation layer.    Responsibilities:  .  • Developed XHTML/CSS templates used for the development of the Web Application  based upon the visual design provided by the client.  • Developed presentation layer using HTML, CSS, Java script.  • Used JavaScript functions to get Dynamic data and Client side validation.  • Initiated JavaScript work with a series of custom JQuery plugins and functions.  • Implemented object-relational mapping.  • Layout JavaScript was established that would read XML files in order to generate the content for the page.  • Developed UI elements for Web-based applications based on program specifications.  • Developed and maintained the presentation layer for client websites using JavaScript.    Technologies Used: HTML, JavaScript, TOMCAT 5.5x, CSS, JQuery, ECLIPSE 3.6. Front End Developer OcenicBank - Nigeria January 2010 to July 2010 Understand customer requirements with respect to its impact to the success of the business goal and be able to translate them to a technical implementation.    Responsibilities:  • Worked with production team to implement UI and create enhancements to optimize  user experience.  • Participated in project developments using Agile Methodology.  • Implemented client-side development methodologies for optimum performance and tracking.  • Developed cross-browser and platform HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.  • Worked on configuring SQL Server with minimum privileged access.  • Involved in SQL Index Analysis and Performance Tuning.  • Used JavaScript, CSS and HTML to manage the look and feel in a third party application.    Technologies Used: HTML, CSS, XML, JUnit, TOMCAT 5.5x, SQL, Java 1.6, ECLIPSE 3.x, JQuery. Software Developer GTBank - Nigeria August 2009 to December 2009 We were working on an automatic billing solution system. It features: the admin hosting control, automatically invoicing, refund system, report generating system, reseller feature, client signup, client email notification module, clients account control system etc.    Responsibilities:  • Ensured that the project knowledge is appropriately transitioned to Support.  • Analyzed repercussions of check fraud and stolen checks on banking account fees and transactions.  • Vendor and Client Management implementation.  • Perform SQL Server service pack and Windows Service pack upgrades.  • Designed and develop new functionality for promotion.  • Provided unit and integration testing as required.    Technologies Used: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, SQL, Windows NT, JUnit, ECLIPSE Education Bachelors Physics University of Abuja Nigeria 2007 Links http://www.linkedin.com/pub/segun-d-adebayo/71/a33/83/ Additional Information Technical Skills DHTML JavaScript HTML/XML  CSS JQuery Photoshop  JUnit Apache Tomcat AGILE methodology  Java