Front- End developer <span class="hl">Front</span>-<span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">developer</span> Front- End developer - JetBlue Airway Corporation Highlights: Over 3 years' experience in SDLC of enterprise level web applications in various business domains.  Strong experience in MEAN Stack development, with expertise in Front End development.  Hands-on experience in DevOps, CICD process on both traditional and cloud-based environments.  Good understanding in system architect design, Agile Methodology and Test Driven Development.    Technologies: HTML 4/5, CSS 2/3, JavaScript, TypeScript, JSON, Angular JS, Angular, Angular Material, Node.js,  Express.js, React.js, Redux, jQuery, Rx.js, D3.js, Underscore.js, Handlebar.js, Bootstrap 3, SASS, LESS,  Gulp, Karma, Jasmine.  Languages: JavaScript (ES5/ES6/ES7/ES8), Java (Java 7+) Work Experience Front- End developer JetBlue Airway Corporation - New York, NY June 2018 to Present Develop several application features modules using Angular and Angular Material, implemented lazy  loading, server side rendering which boost application performance over 50%.  ? Design client architect and refactor client side codes with Redux and Rx.js,  ? Analyzed and consumed RESTful API services.  ? Constructed server layer for server side rendering using Node.js and Express.js.  ? Setup different Jenkins pipelines, managed build, deployment, tests of development work.  ? Contributed on writing jetblue's own UI Component Library, and company level security payment module.  ? Participated on the design of AWS cloud-based architect. Software Engineer Fidelity Investment - Durham, NC June 2017 to August 2017 Completed 3 applications on 2-factor-authentication, login experience, delegated access flow, designed the architecture of new authorization flow following Oauth 2.  ? Designed, developed RESTful API s, and consumed Fidelity Core APIs with Node.js, Express.js, created  dedicated Express middlewares for server side rendering, CORS check, loggers, source reading, .etc.  ? Designed, developed authorization flow UI with BootStrap, jQuery and React.js, and improved app's  performance to use server side rendering with Hogan and Handlebar.js.  ? Constructed and configured Jenkins pipelines to integrate batch jobs including build, inspection, regression  test, deployment, code scan, and integrated Docker in the build, deployment process.  ? Setup live monitoring and daily reports for different applications on PROD environment, including error  logs, CPU/memory usage, API availability using Splunk and Dynatrace  ? Collaborated with release management teams on release readiness work like Perf test, Pen test, enforced  security check by performing code scan using Fortify and Veracode Front- End developer LabCorp., LTD - Greensboro, NC October 2016 to June 2017 Lead the development work in the SDLC life cycles of 2 pharmaceutical data dashboard applications.  ? Developed multiple innovative UI components such as resizable panes, sortable tables, and functional  modules with Angular JS, Angular Material, and Angular UI Router,  ? Created services and factories to consume RESTful APIs, validate input data on the client side.  ? Designed and developed different types of dynamic and reactive data visualization components such as selectable maps, bar chart, bubble chart, with D3.js and Leaflet.js UI developer Marlabs Inc - Piscataway, NJ May 2016 to October 2016 Designed sample employee information online management system.  ? Implemented UI components with Angular JS, Bootstrap, developed Node.js based backend, designed  and manipulated MongoDB database for data storage. Education Master's Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University September 2013 to December 2015 BS in Chemical Engineering Tianjin UNIVERSITY - Tianjin, CN September 2007 to July 2011 Skills Javascript (5 years), Java (3 years), HTML 5 (5 years), CSS3 (5 years), Node.js (3 years), Express.js (3 years), Angular (4 years), Git, Javascript Certifications/Licenses AWS Certified Solution Architect October 2018 to October 2020