Front End Web Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> Web <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End Web Developer - E-NEXUS INC Novi, MI Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Front End Web Developer E-NEXUS INC - Novi, MI June 2016 to Present • Worked as Front End Web Developer to develop and maintain the organization's website.  • Implemented representation layer and provided responsive information by using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, AngularJS framework. Utilized Bootstrap framework according to internal standards and guidelines.  • Managed JSON objects through AngularJS and AJAX to present the data to the front- end interface.  • Designed and developed user interface using RESTFul WebServices along with front- end tools.  • Developed various functionalities for front- end web pages according to new requirements provided by BA team and UI team using RESTFul WebServices.  • Strived to use web standards to build solutions using CSS3 and Less to create style sheets.  • Used Node JS to build a local development environment at the server side. Software Developer Open Access Technology International (OATI) - Minneapolis, MN May 2015 to March 2016 • The main objective is to perform comprehensive arithmetic calculations by the ability to use base data from variety of sources using logical operations.  • Used Java Script and WebPlus languages to develop user defined interfaces available to capture schedule data, time-dependent calculations re-defined with differing time profiles.  • Implemented the application using Singleton Design Pattern.  • Effectively used SQL server programming as a part of creating developing new displays which represents time series data and its attributes.  • Developed the application using Spring MVC, integrated with AngularJS.  • Implemented JQuery and AJAX to update results without refresh whole web page.  • Implemented Model View Controller architecture by applying AngularJS framework.  • Created custom filters using Angular JS.  • Worked as a part of Agile team and followed the methodology on a routine and attended regular Scrum meetings held by the Scrum Master.  • Tested the front- end application using Jasmine framework using Karma testing tool. Front End UI Developer North Dakota State University - Fargo, ND January 2014 to April 2015 • Involved in developing front end UI design for a biological game 'CIRCLE'.  • Created the login screen and Navigation Pane using JQuery. Utilized JQuery along with the HTML5 tags to add dynamic objects to the web pages at the client side. Utilized jQuery for validations in registration and login components.  • Developed a Site Map for CIRCLE using JavaScript and GoJS which tracks the user and his present location in the site along with his next level targets.  • Used Web development tools like JavaScript, HTML5 and look-and-feel generated by CSS3.  • Good Understanding of Document Object Model (DOM) and DOM Functions.  • Performed JUnit testing for testing all features on the UI.  • Used Subversion for version control and Maven as a building tool.  • Experience on working with Application Servers such as Apache Tomcat.    PROJECTS:  • Designed a project to retrieve the student details, marks and a graph showing the overall performance of the student using PHP and MySQL which was implemented in our university website.  • Project on data hiding inside a video for better security purposes using java and encrypted algorithms.  • Presented a paper presentation on Multi-Level Hiding Technique in various other universities.  • Implemented and modified an algorithm, for CLARANS.  • Used Oracle 10g and Java as backend for the project titled "Blackboard". In this project I was responsible for creating and managing tables. Was also involved in designing the user interface using Java Script and HTML.  • Developed an Android chat application, used for communication between people using chat messenger.  • Executed an Artificial Intelligence project using Matlab for testing the quality of a fruit. Education Masters in Computer Science North Dakota State University - Fargo, ND September 2013 to 2016 Bachelors of Technology in Computer Science JNT University - Kakinada, Andhra Pradesh 2009 to 2013 Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:    Database Oracle 11g/10g, MS Access, Microsoft SQL Server 2012, MySQL, Cassandra  Web Technologies HTML5/4, CSS3/2, JavaScript, Ajax, Angular.js, Node.js, Bootstrap, XML, JSON  Languages C, C++, C#, Java, Apex, PHP  Salesforce Apex Classes, Apex Triggers, SOQL, SOSL, Visual force Pages  Operating Systems UNIX, Mac, Windows, Linux(Ubuntu)  Methodologies SDLC, Agile, SCRUM  Version Control Tools Git, SVN  Web Application Server Apache Tomcat Server  Deployment Tools Maven  Testing Tools Junit, Karma  Animation Blender, Maya