Lead Front End Developer Lead <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Chicago, IL Innovative, creative and a proven team player, 4 years' experience of JavaScript creating and maintaining web  applications. To obtain a full-time front- end software engineer position. Work Experience Lead Front End Developer SMS Assist - Chicago, IL 2018 to Present Upgrade client portal dashboard, SMS Assist, 2018  Design and implement the basic reusable component library, which improves the efficiency and avoid code redundancy.  Upgrade the whole client portal dashboard leveraging Reactjs and MobX as state management tool.  Created front- end boot camp, SMS Assist, 2018  Helped new employees to understand business logic behind the website.  Discussed tech topics each week for sharing knowledge of front- end. Front End Developer SMS Assist - Chicago, IL September 2015 to 2017 Re-Built advanced report page, SMS Assist, 2017  Communicated effectively with product team to make a common goal to improve our product   Worked with echart.js to create different advanced report page base on clients’ specific request  Built S.I.M system, SMS Assist, 2017  Collaborate with design team to create a whole new snow info management system to track work order at snow season.   Developed work order detail page, SMS Assist, 2016  Coordinated with product team to build a work order detail page which boosts company business efficiency by 20%.  Mobile Developer SMS Assist - Chicago, IL June 2015 to September 2015 Built alpha version of SMS ONE app, SMS Assist, 2015  Implemented the UI screens with custom UITableview, UIAlertView and UIScrollView using Coco Framework.  Collaborated with team lead to build and publish first version of SMS ONE to apple store Education Master of Computer Science in Computer Science Marquette University - Milwaukee, WI September 2013 to June 2015 Bachelor of Science in Bioengineering in Bioengineering Hunan Agricultural University September 2007 to June 2011 Skills .NET (3 years), Ajax (3 years), BOOTSTRAP (3 years), C# (Less than 1 year), Git (1 year), Javascript (4 years), React (1 year), Front-End (4 years) Additional Information Skills  Language: JavaScript, TypeScript, ES6, HTML5, CSS3, Java, C#  Framework: React.js, Node js, knockout.js, Bootstrap.js, jQuery.js, Mobx.js, Webpack, npm, Ajax  Software/OS: visual studio, visual studio code, Git, TFS, Windows, MacOS.