Senior Front End Developer Senior <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Senior Front End Developer - AXA Insurance Atlanta, GA • Over 6 years of extensive experience as a Front End UI Dev.Proficient experience in developing  web pages quickly and effectively using Angular.js, HTML4/5, CSS3, AJAX, JSON and jQuery.  • Extensively used/modified jQuery to perform AJAX calls for creating interactive web pages on  JSON response.  • Proficient in building Web UI using HTML, CSS and JavaScript that follows W3C Web Standards  and are browser compatible.  • Good experience working on CSS Background, CSS Positioning, CSS Text, CSS Border, CSS  Margin, CSS Padding, CSS Table, Pseudo Classes and CSS Behaviors in CSS.  • Experience with AJAX, REST and JSON.  • Experienced with front- end development with back- end system integration.  • Experience applying the latest development approaches including MVC, event-driven  applications using AJAX, JSON, and XML.  • Hands on knowledge of JavaScriptMVCframeworks such as AngularJS. Worked  on Agile methodology and having experience working in a fast-paced Scrum environment.  • Excellent working knowledge and thorough exposure on compatibility issues with different  versions of browsers like Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Safari and Google Chrome.  • Extensively used the JavaScript frameworks and jQuery plugin.  • Involved in the Software Life Cycle phases like Waterfall and AGILE and estimating the  timelines for projects.  • Expertise in using source code control systems such as GIT, JIRA.  • Excellent experience in developing web pages complying with Web Content Accessibility  Guidelines (WCAG) and ability to apply W3C web standards.  • Strong communication, problem-solving, and planning skills, with ability to work independently  or in a team environment.  • Exceptional organizational, multi-tasking, problem solving and leadership skills with result-  oriented attitude.  • Worked on custom JavaScript framework for a reusable AJAX application, and creating overall  enterprise level UI AJAX strategy.  • Experience in all phase of SDLC like Requirement Analysis, Implementation and Maintenance,  and extensive experience with Agile Methodology.  • Experience working with testing tools like Firebug, Firebug Lite, Chrome or safari web  inspectors and IE Developer Toolbar.  • Expertise in analyzing the DOM Layout, Java Script functions, Cascading Styles across cross-  browser using Fire Bug, DeveloperTool Bar.  • Highly motivated, reliable analytical problem solver and troubleshooter with strong attention  to detail.  • Effectively work independently and in team with product managers, business analysts and  developers.  • Demonstrated ability to complete projects in deadline oriented environments.  • Quick learner and proficient in solving the technical issues in the project.  • Excellent analytical and communication skills with capability to handle new technologies. Work Experience Senior Front End Developer AXA Insurance - Syracuse, NY October 2015 to Present Responsibilities:  • Developed page layouts, navigation and icons. Designed business applications using web  technologies like HTML4/5, XHTML and CSS2/3 based on the W3C standards.  • Involved in developing Web pages that are more user interactive using AJAX,  JavaScript and AngularJS.  • Involved in writing application level code to interact with APIs, RESTFUL Web Services  using AJAX, JSON.  • Creating Custom directives and dependency injection.  • Developed the custom data grids upon jQuery framework to deliver the business data.  • Designed Frontend with in object oriented JavaScript Framework.  • Maintained Cross Browser compatibility & implement Responsive Design usingBootstrap etc.  • Responsible for all client side UI Validation and implementing Business logic based on user  selection using Restful.  • Implemented CSS3 and JavaScript based navigation system visually identical to previous table- based system to improve ease of maintenance.  • Developed Tabbed pages using AJAX with jQuery and JSON for quick view of related content,  providing both functionality and ease of access to the user.  • Resolved the Firebug and various other Chrome Development tools to resolve Browser  Compatibility issues.  • Used GIT as the version control system. Performed merging (worked with branches), fixed  conflicts and pushed code commits to server.  • Worked on custom JavaScript framework for a complex AJAX application based on the jQuery  framework.  • Used AJAX framework for asynchronous data transfer between the browser and the server.  • Implemented UI guidelines and standards throughout the development and maintenance of the website using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript and jQuery.  • Worked with the team of architects and back- end Developers to gather requirements and enhance the application functionality and add new features.  • Working with testing tools like Firebug, Chrome or safari and IE Developer Toolbar.    Environment: CSS3, HTML5, XML, JavaScript, Bootstrap, AngularJS, Restful, JQuery, JSON, MS Office, AJAX, Firebug, Windows. Senior UI Developer Accor Hotels - Bangalore, Karnataka 2014 to January 2014 Responsibilities:  • Involved in Requirements and Analysis Understanding the requirements of the client and the flow of the application as well as the application Framework.  • Dynamic web site design and programming using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery.  • Developed interface to display report data using JQuery, AJAX, JavaScript and JSON, XML.  • Developed HTML prototypes and ready XHTML documents with CSS style sheets.  • Designed dynamic client-side JavaScript codes to build web forms and simulate process for web application, page navigation and form validation.  • Created CSS3 templates for use in all pages on the website.  • Included bootstrap for custom messages.  • Worked with Agile software lifecycle methodologies. Create design documents when and as required. Perform coding, debugging and testing.  • Involved in writing various SQL Queries to satisfy various business requirements of the application.  • Responsible for cross browser compatibility and hence exposure to popular browsers.  • Successfully executed all the Unite tests and fixed any bugs/issues identified during the test cycles.  • Used JIRA and HP QC for bug tracking.  • Performed Web service level validations for SOAP and Rest services using the SOAP UI for internal data transfer and exchange of Data with Third Parties.  • Integrated the new engine with Gomez for better performance management.  • Involved in bug fixing, enhancements and production support.  • Conducted Peer review of the code and mentoring for members on the team.  • Supported the production deployments each month and fixed various launch critical defects on-the-fly.  • Documented requirements, analysis, design and unit-tests according to CMMI standards.  • Participated in Scrum Meetings, Client calls and status updates on a day to day basis.  • Interacting with geographically distributed Teams in an onshore/offshore model.  • Generated progress graphs and shared the same with the Manager and Senior Leadership.  • Served as an internal Go To Person/SME for the Team with respect to the UI guidelines to be implemented as a standard across the website.  • Conducted Knowledge Sharing sessions within the Team to share the industry best practices and information gathered in a due course of time working in the Hospitality domain.    Environment:HTML, CSS, JQuery, Adobe Photoshop, SOAP/REST Web services, JavaScript, XML, JIRA, HP QC, MySQL, Windows, IE, Firefox, Chrome, Gomez, Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, Excel. Front End Developer DHL, Logistics - Bangalore, Karnataka July 2008 to August 2011 Responsibilities:  • Analyzed, Designed and developed the system to meet the requirements of business users.  • Participated in the design review of the application to come up with UI and provide best possible recommendations for the application from UI standpoint.  • Implemented presentation tier using HTML, CSS by utilizing the mockups that were created by design team.  • Developed screen functionality using HTML, CSS, JavaScript.  • Used AJAX for implementing part of the functionality for Customer Registration, View Customer information modules.  • Created Dynamic Integration of JQuery Tab, JQuery, and other JQUERY component integration with Ajax.  • Developed UI and implemented for some plug-in using JavaScript, HTML, CSS and XML.  • Developed UI using JavaScript, HTML, CSS, JavaScript validations and XML.  • Implemented interaction between frontend and backend using the JSON object.  • Wrote Cross Browser code of CSS and JavaScript for Internet Explorer and Firefox.  • Implemented design process upon client approval and built out all assets: buttons, products shots, UI components, etc.  • Designed and developed the layouts of Customer Relations Module.  • Written CSS to provide table free layout to UI screen.    Environment:HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, AJAX, JSON, XML, MVC, and GIT Education Bachelors in Engineering Rajasthan University 2008 Additional Information TECHNICALEXPERTISE  Languages HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Java, SQL  Web Frameworks Angular.js, Bootstrap, AJAX, JSON, jQuery, XML, SOAPWeb Services, RESTful services.  Scripting Languages Unix and Shell.  Tools and Utilities Eclipse IDE, MS IE, Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome, Firebug, HP Quality Center, Junit, JIRA, Gomez.  Web Servers Apache Web server, IBM WebSphere, Tomcat  Version Control CVS, GIT  Documentation MS Word, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint, Adobe Illustrator, Adobe Photoshop  Methodologies Waterfall, V Model and Agile Models  Operating Systems UNIX, MS-Windows XP/Windows 7/Windows 8