Web/ Front End Developer Web/<span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Web/ Front End Developer - Technumen Inc Herndon, VA 3 years of experience as an UI Front End Developer having hands on experience in Angular JS, Java Script, HTML5, CSS3, JQUERY, AJAX.  ? Experience applying the latest development approaches including MVC, event-driven applications using AJAX, Object Oriented (OO) Java Script, JSON, and XML.  ? Excellent working knowledge and thorough exposure on compatibility issues with different versions of browsers like Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Safari and Google Chrome.  ? Experience integrating the third party Social Media Tools provided by web site thereby transforming it into two-way conversation place where registered users can interact directly with the content and each other using HTML, CSS, JavaScript and JQuery. Worked with teams where requirements are constantly being implemented, tested and improved.  ? Involves in understanding functional specifications and developing creative solutions to meet business requirements.  ? Skilled at analyzing and solving browser compatibility challenges and possesses ability to maintain consistency and well commented HTML and CSS markup.  ? Strong communication skills, with the ability to convey concepts/requirements between technical and non-technical stakeholders.  ? Experience on working with CSS backgrounds, Layouts, Positioning, Text, Border, Padding, Pseudo Classes, Elements and CSS behaviors in CSS.  ? Strong proficiency with IA/UX and web usability best practices.  ? Produced visually appealing designs focused on usability, utility, UX, cross-browser compatibility and SEO / web standards.  ? Proven track record demonstrating innovative and unique designing skills, computer proficiency, ability to work in a stressful environment with projects and interaction with every team member. Work Experience Web/ Front End Developer Technumen Inc - Reston, VA November 2014 to Present Team Size 10  Environment HTML 4.x, HTML 5, CSS2.x, CSS 3, JavaScript, Angular JS, JQUERY, AJAX, JSON, XML, SVN.Q    Responsibilities:  ? Closely worked with business system analyst to understand the requirements to ensure that right set of UI modules been built.  ? Closely worked with UX team to understand the comps required to design the page and understanding redlines as they provided.  ? Wrote application level code to perform client side validation using JQUERY and JavaScript.  ? Run sonar to eliminate the blockers and major and critical errors.  ? Designed the front end applications, user interactive (UI) web pages using web technologies like HTML5, XHTML, and CSS3.  ? Successfully involved to develop the MACD pages.  ? Used Angular JS in developing single page applications.  ? Integrating JSPs in Stardust means to give the process participant the possibility of accessing the Stardust Process engine using an http-based Web browser.  ? Used JSP Integration for client side development  ? Using Azure provides an open, broad and flexible platform and applications can be developed using a broad set of operating systems, frameworks and languages: Windows to Linux, SQL Server to Oracle, .Net to Java, PHP, Python, Ruby, Node.js, Hadoop.  ? Good experience in Microsoft Azure.  ? Using advanced level of JQUERY, AJAX, JavaScript, CSS and pure CSS layouts.  ? Wrote JQUERY function while implementing various UI Screens across the whole web application (both consumer facing as well as internal application).  ? Involved in writing application level code to interact with APIs, Web Services using AJAX, JSON and XML.  ? Designed and developed intranet web applications using JavaScript and CSS.  ? Interacted with java controllers (JQUERY, AJAX, and JSON to write/read data from back end systems).  ? Good knowledge on webRTC application.  ? Used SVN for version control and QC for defect tracking.  ? Interfaced with third-party vendors to customize UI/UX solutions for web verticals  ? Component level design and defined the usage of AJAX to reuse the network bandwidth efficiently and making feel that the user resides in the same page of our website.  ? Maintain, enhance, and recommend solutions that best suit business and technology needs from UI standpoint.    PROJECT DETAILS: Web/ Front End Developer Technumen Inc - Dallas, TX June 2013 to October 2014 Team Size 8  Environment HTML 4.x, HTML 5, CSS2.x, CSS 3, JavaScript, Angular JS, JQUERY, AJAX, JSON, XML, SVN.Q    Description:  Apollo Education Group Inc is the parent company of University of Phoenix, Apollo Global, Carnegie Learning, College for Financial Planning, and Institute for Professional Development. It has established itself as a leading provider of higher education programs for working adults by focusing on servicing the needs of working adult.    Responsibilities:  ? Closely worked with business system analyst to understand the requirements to ensure that right set of UI modules been built.  ? Wrote application level code to perform client side validation using JQUERY and JavaScript.  ? Designed the front end applications, user interactive (UI) web pages using web technologies like HTML5, XHTML, and CSS3.  ? Used Angular JS in developing single page applications.  ? Using advanced level of JQUERY, AJAX, JavaScript, CSS and pure CSS layouts.  ? Wrote JQUERY function while implementing various UI Screens across the whole web application (both consumer facing as well as internal application).  ? Involved in writing application level code to interact with APIs, Web Services using AJAX, JSON and XML.  ? Integrating JSPs in Stardust means to give the process participant the possibility of accessing the Stardust Process engine using an http-based Web browser.  ? Designed and developed intranet web applications using JavaScript and CSS.  ? Interacted with java controllers (JQUERY, AJAX, and JSON to write/read data from back end systems).  ? Used SVN for version control and QC for defect tracking.  ? Interfaced with third-party vendors to customize UI/UX solutions for web verticals  ? Component level design and defined the usage of AJAX to reuse the network bandwidth efficiently and making feel that the user resides in the same page of our website.  ? Maintain, enhance, and recommend solutions that best suit business and technology needs from UI standpoint.  ? Define technical requirements based upon business requirements.  ? Creating cross-browser compatible and standards-compliant CSS-based page layouts.  ? Strong communication, analytical and interpersonal skills working within cross-functional teams.  ? Worked on cross browser compatibility issues and fix the bugs pertaining to various browsers. UI Developer Intergraph - Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh March 2010 to April 2011 Team Size 8  Environment HTML, CSS, MySQL, JavaScript, and Windows XP.    Description:  Intergraph is the leading global provider of engineering and geospatial that enables customers to visualize complex data. Businesses and governments in more than 60 companies rely on Intergraph's industry-specific software to organize vast amounts of data and infuse the world with, intelligence to make processes and infrastructures better, safer, and smarter. The company's software and services empower customers to build and operate more efficient plants and ships, create intelligent maps, and the protect critical infrastructure and millions of people around the world.    Responsibilities:  ? Worked closely with system analyst to understand the technical requirements of the projects  ? Worked closely with Photoshop designers to implement mock ups and the layouts of the application.  ? Design and development of Web pages using HTML, CSS including XML.  ? Involved in writing the Properties, methods in the Class Modules and also consumed web services  ? Played a vital role in defining, implementing and enforcing quality practices in the team organization to ensure internal controls, quality and compliance policies and standards.  ? Used JavaScript for custom client-side validation.  ? Involved in designing and developing the GUI for the user interface with various controls.  ? Worked with View State to maintain data between the pages of the application. Education Master of Science in Electrical Engineering University of Missouri - Kansas City, MO May 2013 Bachelor of Technology in Electronics & Communication Engineering Loyola Institute Of Technology And Management Guntur - Guntur, Andhra Pradesh May 2010 Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:  Web Technologies HTML, HTML 5, DHTML, Cascading Style Sheets (CSS), CSS3, XHTML, XML, JavaScript, JQUERY, JSON, AJAX  Languages C, C++, Java, JavaScript  IDE, HTML Editor Notepad++, Eclipse IDE, Adobe Dreamweaver, Sublime  Application servers Web Sphere, Web Logic  Database Oracle11g, MySQL, SQL Server  Operating Systems Windows 98,2000, XP, Windows7, Mac OS, Unix  Version Controls SVN, CVS and Harvest.    • Hyderabad, India.  PROJECT DETAILS: