Front End Developer (intern) <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> (intern) Web developer Frederick, MD Over 2 years of experience in Web & Software development and problem-solving skills. Also, having deep  Database background with exceptional projects in academic as well as relevant experience at professional level. Proven ability in  optimizing web functionality that improve data retrieval and workflow efficiencies. Sponsorship required to work in the US Work Experience Front End Developer (intern) Etomon - New York, NY February 2018 to May 2018 •Building Node.js application utilizing Express.js and package manager like NPM and gulp.  •Extensively used HTML5, CSS3, and DOM manipulation utilizing JavaScript /jQuery.  •Implementing GitHub for version control Web developer DigiStretch solutions pvt.ltd - Ahmedabad, Gujarat August 2015 to June 2016 •Developed and maintain new and existing projects used by the company, ensuring performance/Render time.  •Used Angular 2 as framework to create Single Page Applications which can bind data to specific views. •Efficiently created reusable Angular components, pipes, directives, and filters to deploy the entire business logic. •Experienced working in a high-speed, agile environment to ship features in the shortest time. •Worked with REST API and implemented them based on environment requirements. • Used JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap to build a single page front- end of an online cloth store.  • Designed and created SQL database according to the website requirements.  • We followed Agile methodology, weekly Sprint and Release to complete the project. Front end developer Think Twice Technology - Ahmedabad, Gujarat May 2014 to June 2015 • Transformed mock designs into fully functional customer facing webpages.  •Utilized HTML, CSS, SASS, JavaScript, Bootstrap to produce responsive webpages.  • Troubleshoot and support web development and applications in production.  • Tested cross browser compatibility and Responsiveness of web pages. Hence, worked on different browsers like Google Chrome, Microsoft Edge, Safari and Firefox. Education Master's in Computer & Information Science Marshall University - Huntington, WV December 2017 Bachelor's in Computer and information sicence SVBIT (India) - Gandhinagar, India July 2011 to August 2015 Skills BOOTSTRAP (3 years), JAVASCRIPT (3 years), ANGULARJS (1 year), HTML5 (3 years), jQuery (1 year), CSS3 (3 years), Ajax (2 years), SQL (2 years), MongoDB (1 year), Angular, Front End, UI, Front-End Links http://Ileshchandra.com Additional Information Technical Skills  • Languages: JavaScript, Java, PHP, Node.js HTML5, CSS3   • Framework/Modules: Angular 2, Express.js, MVC, jQuery, Bootstrap 4, Sass, AJAX, JSON, XML  • Database: MySQL 5.7, SQL server 2016, MongoDB  • Tools: Bootstrap studio, NetBeans IDE, Atom, Brackets, MySQL workbench, MS Visual Studio, Tableau, Power BI, GitHub