Front End Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End Developer - Humana Houston, TX • Around 4 years of professional experience in IT as a Front- end Developer, including develop, analysis, test, and support of Web UI applications by using Java Web Technologies.  • Front End / UI Web Developer with extensive experience in UI Development, Web design, Web Development, and testing web pages with Usability standards.  • Experience in web development with a strong background working on open source technologies, including HTML/HTML5, CSS3, Cross Browser Compatibility, DOM, XML, XHTML, DHTML, JavaScript, jQuery, Angular 4.0, Angular JS, Node JS, React JS, Redux etc.  • Extensive knowledge in JavaScript and jQuery plugins, AJAX, dynamic HTML, JSON, Angular.js, Backbone.js, Bootstrap and Node.js.  • Strong problem-solving ability and analytical skills and able to integrate quickly into team and work independently toward team goals.  • Expert-level knowledge of cross-browser, cross-platform compatibility and design constraints and Google analytics. Developed RWD using Media Queries and Bootstrap.  • Worked on all phases of Software Development Life Cycle SDLC including requirements gathering through client interaction, Design, Documentation, Development, Integration, Testing, Configuration and Production Support.  • Participated in development of a well responsive single page application using Bootstrap framework, and jQuery in conjunction with HTML5, CSS3 standards, with front- end UI team.  • Proficient in developing web page quickly and effectively using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Responsive Web Design (RWD), and experience in making webpage cross browser compatible.  • Development and implementation of web and mobile applications using HTML/ HTML 5, CSS / CSS 3.0, JavaScript, XML, AJAX, jQuery and JSON.  • Using the HTML5 elements for video playback, content rendering using semantic tags such as article, section, Canvas etc.  • Implemented code according to coding standards and Created Angular JS Controller Which Isolate scopes perform operations.  • Used Angular as framework to create a Single Page Application (SPA), which can bind data to specific views and synchronize data with server.  • Expertise in developing front - end systems with JavaScript, Bootstrap, HTML5, CSS3, MVC frameworks such as Angular JS, Backbone JS and Node JS as a platform for Web applications.  • Proficient with creating custom, general use modules and components which extend the elements and modules of core AngularJS Proficiency with AngularJS controllers, AJAX/XHR, Angular services usage, and Angular directives and components usage Proficiency with JavaScript and HTML5.  • The front- end tech-stack use of HTML5, CSS3, AngularJS, NODEJS, AJAX, jQuery and Bootstrap to build a single page web app and communicate with service by consuming RestfulAPI.  • Involved in the implementation of open- source web application frameworks like Bootstrap and Angular Js.  • Handled presentation layer concepts such as progressive enhancement, responsive design, MVC, object-oriented development. Work Experience Front End Developer Humana September 2018 to Present • Participated in meetings with the end-clients to develop layout, color scheme for the web page and implemented them with the help of HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript.  • Functionalities include writing code in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, JSF and testing the functionalities using JUnit.  • Expertise in developing Single Page Applications (SPA) with MVC architecture such as Angular 2, Angular 4 and 5.  • Experienced with Object Oriented Programming (OOP) design patterns such as Singleton, Abstract Factory, Factory Method, Prototype, Builder, and Dependency Injection in Angular.  • Exposure to new features and issues addressed in Angular 4.  • Enhanced user experience by designing new web features using MVC Frameworks Angular 2 And ReactJS.  • Responsible to create front end application using Angular JS.  • Implemented responsive web design and mobile friendly design using AngularJS.  • Created forms to collect and validate data from the user using AngularJS, jQuery and JavaScript.  • UI development with technologies like HTML5, Bootstrap, React js, Angular4, Typescript, JQuery, Redux and ES6.  • Worked on Angular4 .0 by consuming Restful web services & Used Angular 4 forms like Template Driven forms and Modern Driven (Reactive) forms to perform form validations both on server and client side.  • Designed/developed a consumer receipt organizer and retail promotion application for mobile devices with HTML 5, CSS 3.0, and jQuery Mobile.  • Designed and developed User Interface Web Forms using CSS, jQuery and JavaScript.  • Created various web page layouts using HTML, and CSS.  • Implemented validations using JavaScript.  • Work collaboratively with development teams on rapid prototyping with HTML, CSS and JavaScript.  • Developer mobile site for marketing campaigns by using jQuery Mobile. Front End UI developer Time Warner, TX April 2017 to August 2018 • Creating Front- end Applications using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, and jQuery, AJAX, XML and AngularJS.  • Worked on Electronic Medical records and Doctors locations and developing UI using HTML5, DHTML, XSL/XSLT, XHTML, DOM, CSS3, JSON, JavaScript, jQuery.  • Collaborated with team members to improve UI of the existing websites in a timely manner and made it responsive with AngularJS and PHP framework.  • Ensured cross-browser, cross platform and multiple device type compatibility for the websites and perform quality assurance on finished sites.  • Benefited with the clients by describing the boundaries of the applications through data flow right from capturing and processing to reporting.  • Designed the Web application layout and forms using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, jQuery.  • Worked with business analysts to understand their business models and goals and help define strategy, content, and features.  • Code websites, create wireframes, storyboards to demonstrate the user journey, actions and contexts and comps to design UX/UI, produce Flash and jQuery animations.  • Extensive experience in designing professional UI web applications using technologies like HTML, CSS, JavaScript, XML, jQuery, and Bootstrap.  • Creation of page templates, CSS style sheets, HTML & platform-specific presentation layer code, content and style guides as a hands-on team member throughout development and implementation.  • Developed non-functional HTML, CSS pages from the mockups and involved in UI review with UI architect and Business Units.  • Responsible for creating the screens with table less design following W3C standards.  • Wrote application level code to perform client-side validation using jQuery and JavaScript.  • Extensive experience in developing web page quickly and effectively using JQuery, AngularJS, HTML5, CSS3, Responsive Web Design, Bootstrap and experience in making web pages cross browser compatible.  • The front- end use HTML5, CSS3, LESS and Bootstrap to build a single page web app that communicate with back- end via REST API.  • Developed different components through Angular-CLI for the web application. UI Developer Lamda - IN January 2013 to June 2015 • Developed a responsive website for a cotton export company in India providing publicity for their products to increase sales.  • Created an informative MVC based architecture for the sales of various cotton products.  • Active participant in optimizing SQL and establishing indexes for better performance.  • Incorporation of this website increased the sales by approximately 40% in both domestic and global markets.  • Experience in Web Technologies using HTML, CSS and PHP.  • Experience in Database Development using SQL, Stored Procedures, Functions and Triggers.  • Experience in Unit, Integration, System, Regression, and Database testing.  • Using AngularJS created custom directives for data manipulations and to display data in company standard format in UI.  • Developed page layouts, navigation and presented designs and concepts to the clients and the management to review.  • Excellent Client interaction skills and proven experience in working independently as well as in a team.  • Tested cross browser functionality and fixed major layout bugs for supported browsers.  • Involved in requirement gathering and analysis of the requirements of the system.  • Took Active part in Design and Development phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC).  • Involved in creating Use cases, Class Diagrams, and Sequence Diagrams for the system using UML. Education Master of Science in Computer Science in Computer Science Lamar University Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Science in Computer Science Gujarat Technological University Skills Angular js. (4 years), Bootstrap (1 year), testing (2 years), Ui (4 years), User interface (4 years), Front End, React, Angular, Front-End, Javascript Additional Information SKILLS    UI Technology: HTML5, CSS3, SASS, LESS, Bootstrap, JavaScript, jQuery    Libraries & frameworks: AngularJS 1.x/2.0/4.0, React, Node.js    Reporting Tools: D3.js, Angular Fusion Charts    Web Services Technologies: Chart.js XML, JSON, AJAX, REST    Databases: MySQL, MongoDB    Version Control Tools: GIT, SVN    Unit Testing Tools: Jasmine, QUnit, Karma, Mocha, Chai    Task runner & Bundler: Gulp, Grunt, Webpack    Development Methodologies: Agile, Scrum, TDD, BDD    Deployment Operating Systems: Amazon Web Services (AWS), Windows, Linux, Mac OS    IDEs: Eclipse, Vim, WebStorm, NetBeans, Sublime