Drupal Developer Drupal <span class="hl">Developer</span> Drupal Developer Work Experience Drupal Developer Acquia - Boston, MA April 2019 to June 2019 • Developed flagship website on a team, using Git version control, Github, Acquia cloud and Jira  • Perform Ad Hoc duties, as assigned  • Created and modified custom Twig files to accomplish stakeholder's desired design  • Wrote custom preprocessed theme functions  • Implemented custom JavaScript solutions Drupal Web Developer Digital Loom - Cambridge, MA January 2018 to January 2019 Followed existing style guides, templates and procedures.  • Worked with senior developer to manage large complex design projects for clients.  • Carried out quality assurance test to discover errors and optimize usability.  • Specialized in nonprofit and higher education website, complied with WCAG 2. standards. Front- End Web Developer CBI, a UBM Life Sciences Company - Burlington, MA July 2017 to January 2018 Performed microsite and website updates.  • Cooperated with web designers to match visual design intent.  • Conferred with management to prioritize needs and resolve conflicts. Freelance WordPress - Boston, MA April 2016 to July 2017 • Conducted client meetings to learn more about goals and project scope.  • Developed custom wireframes and designs.  • Coding of custom WordPress theme using HTML, CSS, PHP, and various css framework.  • Serviced web hosting to clients.  • Filtered and provided client support post launch. Education Bachelor of Science in Restaurant & Service Management Newbury College - Brookline, MA December 2013 Skills CSS3, Javascript, Front End, Front-End Links https://www.behance.net/Ibuelto https://ww.irvingbuelto.tech Assessments Critical Thinking — Highly Proficient August 2019 Using logic to solve problems. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/bq7prnnems60w03t Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information • Well-developed interpersonal communication abilities.  • Proficient understanding of cross-browser compatibility issues and ways to work around them.  • Excellent problem solving and analytical skills.