Front- End Engineer <span class="hl">Front</span>-<span class="hl">End</span> Engineer Front- End Engineer Austin, TX Over the past 2 years, I have grown my knowledge and love for being a software developer. Front end development is a passion of mine because I get to build visual components - a website, an app - that can have an impact on others. If they are not satisfied then I have not done my job right and that is what I strive for. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Front- End Engineer Wellsmith - Austin, TX April 2019 to Present » Making reusable components to help make the application more consistent and easier for future developers to contribute.    » Working with designers, product owners, and backend developers in an agile environment to turn ideas and mockups into a production-ready web application.     » Updated the application’s state container from redux to apollo.    » Built our first end to end test suite to help with regression testing.  Front- End Developer Arrive Logistics - Austin, TX November 2017 to April 2019 » Built internal web based tools with technologies such as react, redux, graphQL, and apollo. These new tools helped the company stay on track to double its revenue and continue to move up in the top 50 brokerage firms.    » Developed the company's first mobile app (react native) to help increase market exposure and continue to be the fastest growing freight brokerage in history.  Technical Success Manager Bazaarvoice - Austin, TX February 2017 to November 2017 » Consulted with enterprise clients to resolve technical issues.    » Facilitated necessary code changes for configuration/setup, product  functionality, and bugs/enhancements.    » Coordinate with other departments to resolve client issues. Front- end Developer (Contract) Patriot Boot Camp - Austin, TX 2017 to January 2017 » Designed and built the front- end of the alumni directory.    » Structured and connected the front- end to receive API requests.    » Wrote JavaScript logic to collect information needed to provide to the  back- end. Education BBA in Finance University of Texas at Austin - Austin, TX May 2011 Skills React, Redux, GraphQL, Apollo, React Native, vanilla javascript, jQuery, APIs, CSS, SCSS, HTML, Front End, Javascript, Front-End, CSS3, UI, Bootstrap, UI, CSS3, HTML5, Bootstrap Links http://robertvarela.com/