Application Developer Application <span class="hl">Developer</span> Application Developer - AT&T Matawan, NJ ? Over 5 years of experience in Design, Development, Implementation and Testing of Front- End of Web-based applications and Client-Server applications. Quick learner with strong problem solving and analytical skills. Tremendous skill at employing common UI Design Pattern.  ? Excellent H?TML4.0/?5?,? C?SS2/?3,? J?avaScript?, jQuery, ?j?Query UI,? AJAX, ?J?SON skills for implementing web technologies.  ? Strong experience in CSS3 preprocessors styling such as SASS and LESS.  ? Proficient in T?witter Bootstrap framework and M?edia Query to create   R?esponsive Websites that fit different devices from desktop to tablet and mobile phone.  ? Excellent in building S?ingle Page Application(SPA)?using A?ngularJS? framework.  ? Good experience in consuming R?ESTful Web Services to implement A?JAX call and updating dynamic functionality of H?TML ?in J?avaScript, ?j?Query? and AngularJS.?  ? Hands-on experience in M?VC(Model-View-Controller) ?framework using ?AngularJS.?  ? Responsible for checking C?ross Browser compatibility and work on different browsers like Safari,? G?oogle Chrome,? I?nternet Explorer?, M?ozilla? and F?irefox?.  ? Familiar with G?runt task runner to manage project and B?ower package manager to install libraries such as jQuery and Bootstrap.  ? Experience in multiple programming languages familiar with ?PHP and Java.?  ? G?ood knowledge of both R?elational database? and N?oSQL ?including ?MySQL   a?nd MongoDB.  ? U?nderstand the A?PIs from the likes of Facebook, Twitter, Google.  ? Experience with software development processes, i.e. Agile.   ? Familiar with Linux/Unix Environment.  ? Ability to work in a small or large team, should be enthusiastic about programming, and should possess effective leading project and oral communication skills.  PORTFOLIO LINK: https://oshop-bdab7.firebaseapp.com Sponsorship required to work in the US Work Experience Application Developer AT&T - Middletown, NJ May 2016 to Present Design a rule-based integrated and open-architecture Universal Notification, Data Processing and Data Streaming Platform built with cutting-edge open-source components MEAN Stack (MongoDB, Express, Angular, Node.js).  It hosts a pool of fully actors/plugins that react on the messages/events and execute business logics with full customization and federation support. The actors usually work independent of each other and performance different tasks based on the business requirements.  However, some actors may provide common services that can be used by others.  Responsibilities:  ? Developed single page applications using Angular 5, Typescript, HTML5, CSS3, and Bootstrap4.  ? Good knowledge on creating services with Angular 5@injectable property, as to make the service available for dependency injection when creating components.  ? Designed dynamic client-side JavaScript codes to simulate process for web application, page navigation, form validation and charts.  ? Used Kafka bus for notification to match actors rule.  ? Developed application to create Camunda workflows and deployment for task monitoring.  ? Used Batarang, Scope Inspector and responsiveness measuring tools while developing.  ? Involved in app designing, requirements, estimates and project timelines.  ? Interacted with BAs and scrum master for business specifications and prioritizing work items on Jira stories.  ? Developed angular components to consume data from web server, using $http, $q services from Node.js API.  ? Implemented Node.js router to make cross-domain requests to API services.  ? Used Git/CodeCloud for managing source code.  ? Work with team to build, test, and deploy apps on a weekly basis. Front- End Developer Technomax LLC - Plainsboro, NJ May 2015 to May 2016 Design internal management of the company. The administrator can login his account and check the company’s internal data such as the number of people who visited the webpage, how many people login and what is each day’s revenue. Also the project can be used to manage the customer’s information and products details. The system we designed makes company management more convenient.  Responsibilities:  ? Developed and tested website using the MEAN (MongoDB + Express + AngularJS + Node.js) stack.  ? Designed a login mockup with token based authentication for user using the MEAN stack.  ? Built and developed well responsive single page application using A?ngularJS framework, JavaScript and jQuery in conjunction with HTML5, CSS3 and LESS.  ? Developed the overall layout design that meets cross-device compatibility using ?Bootstrap?.  ? Built A?ngularJS framework including M?VC architectures, different modules, specific controllers, templates, custom directives and custom filters.  ? Created S?ingle Page Application with loading multiple views using route services and adding more user experience to make it more dynamic by using ?AngularJS? framework.  ? Used B?ootstrap and media queries created a R?esponsive Webpage across the different size of screen from smart phone or laptop.  ? Manipulated data using CRUD operations of MongoDB database management  system and handled database access and data transmission based on RESTful web service.  ? Built up multiple specific modules to encapsulate records component, fields component, panels component and workflow component.  ? Developed application using MVC architecture.  ? Created admin panel order review and customer service system that resulted in 50% increase in productivity over existing system   ? Create custom applications and User Interfaces for large customer facing website using HTML 5, (JQuery UI, PHP, and MySQL).   ? Involved in app designing, requirements, estimates and project timelines  ? Worked Closely with Project Manager and Fellow Team Members to Meet Production and Development Deadlines. Front End Developer ?Shenzhen Institutes of Advanced Technology - Shenzhen January 2011 to December 2012 Develop online shopping system, registration and login system webpage. The Online Shopping System based on product requirements and user experience to provide customers with a wide variety of online products and services, and building up a simple, well structured, easily maintainable website to shop online.  Responsibilities:   ? Designed and implemented a web app for storing the information of customer, generating saving personal contacts, payment information and handling schedule management.   ? Received business logic specifications and design documents, and translated them into HTML5, CSS3 preprocessor styling SASS, JSON files, JavaScript code and AngularJS.   ? Used the latest front- end tech to further enhance functionality and delivered cutting-edge user interfaces and components.  ? Unit testing - using jasmine framework for Angular JS - controller, factory method and directives.   ? Designed dynamic client-side JavaScript codes to simulate process for web application, page navigation and form validation.   ? Debug the application using Firebug to traverse the documents and manipulated the Nodes using DOM and DOM Functions using Firefox and IE Developer Tool bar for IE.   ? Involved in developing HTML and JavaScript for client side presentation and, data validation on the client side with in the forms.   ? Deployed Bootstrap to apply responsive utilities and appropriate positioning of elements to the website.   ? Use AJAX to retrieve customers' information as JSON data across RESTful web service.   ? Managed projects with Grunt task runner and combined with Bower package manager to install JavaScript based on running in the Node.js environment.   ? Used version control tools Git to update the project with other team members.   ? Worked closely with project manager and fellow team members to meet production and development deadlines.  ? Worked with team to build, test, and deploy apps on a daily basis.  ? Worked on documentation and involved in maintenance and support. Education M.S. University of California - Merced, CA M.S. Tianjin University B.S. Tianjin University Skills Git (5 years), HTML5 (5 years), JAVASCRIPT (5 years), JSON (5 years), MONGODB (5 years) Links https://github.com/zhangkun123?tab=repositories https://www.linkedin.com/in/michael-zhang-7a8786156/ Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS    Web Technologies Angular4, HTML5, CSS3, SASS, LESS, jQuery, AJAX, JSON, XML, Agile, Grunt, Bower, NPM  Test Tools Chrome Inspector, Safari Web Inspector, Jasmine, IE tester  Version Control System Tools CodeCloud, Github, GIT  Frameworks Bootstrap, AngularJS, Express/Socket.io  Database Management Systems SQL(MySQL), NoSQL(MongoDB)  Methodologies MVC, OOP, RESTful Architecture  Languages JavaScript, Java  Operation Systems Windows, Unix(Linux)  Servers Apache, Node