Front end UI developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">end</span> UI <span class="hl">developer</span> Front end UI developer - Sumas Edge Corporation East Brunswick, NJ Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Front end UI developer Sumas Edge Corporation January 2017 to Present Responsibilities:  • Worked on Recruitment web applications that deals with recruitment, employee management and employee performance  • Involved in creating core modules of the application such as client, vendor and employee pages using HTML, CSS and JavaScript.  • Based on the client requirements, customized modules such as prospects, jobs, timesheets and reports were also created.  • Created validation forms and database using JQuery and MySql respectively.  • Experience in AngularJS structural framework for Dynamic web application.  • Professional understanding of System Development Life Cycle (SDLC) as well as various phases such as Analysis, Design, Development and Testing.    Environment:Web Services, JQuery, Java Script, CSS. Front end UI developer CTS Solutions - IN January 2015 to December 2015 Responsibilities:  • Created design oriented web application on Wordpress and ran various plug-ins on certain pages.  • Created and maintained data through MySql database. Additionally, solved error issues through servers.  • Involved in creating different cross browser compatible user interactive web pages, using web technologies such as HTML, XHTML, and CSS.  • Responsible for manipulating HTML and CSS in JQuery as and when necessary.  • Used JQuery core library functions for the logical implementation of client-side web applications.  • Created XHTML Pages with CSS and Box Model.  • Extensively worked in defect maintenance of Front End issues through JIRA.    Environment:Web Services, JQuery, HTML, Java Script, CSS. UI Developer Selenia Technologies June 2014 to December 2014 Responsibilities:  • Designed web applications' user interface, interaction scenarios and navigation based on user requirements.  • Developed client side validation code using JavaScript and JQuery.  • Worked directly with the client to develop the layout and color scheme of the website. Implemented the final interface design with HTML, CSS & JavaScript.  • Implemented various plug-ins using JavaScript, HTML, CSS and XML.  • Writing and implementing CSS throughout the site, both as in-line and imported files.  • Resolved various CSS compatibility issues.  • Implemented design process upon client approval and built out all assets: buttons, products shots, UI components, etc.  • Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery. Education Master of Science in Computer Science University of Central Missouri Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Science Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University Skills jQuery (2 years), DATABASE (1 year), MYSQL (1 year), JAVASCRIPT (1 year), APACHE (Less than 1 year) Additional Information Technical skills:    Web Technologies: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, XHTML  Framework JQuery  Database MySQL, Oracle.  Web Servers Apache HTTP Server, Apache Tomcat 5.5/6.0  Web IDE Tools Notepad++  Operating Systems: Windows 7/8, MAC OS X, Linux, Unix.