Java UI/ Front- End Developer Java UI/<span class="hl">Front</span>-<span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Java UI/ Front- End Developer - Northern Trust Bank Los Angeles, CA ? Innovative and professional with 4 Years of IT experience in the areas of Analysis, Design, Development and Testing of web based and client server multi-tier applications using Front End technologies.  ? Good knowledge and experience of UML, Unified Process at the Enterprise level and familiarity with popular process methodologies like Agile and Waterfall.  ? Extensive experience in designing professional UI web applications using front- end technologies like HTML5, DHTML, CSS3, JavaScript, XML, DHTML, XHTML, JQuery, AJAX, JSON, Flash and Hybrid Web Development.  ? Extensive experience in developing Single Page Applications (SPA) using TypeScript (subset of JavaScript) Angular 2/4/5/6/7 frameworks.  ? Experience in using React.JS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, plus Redux, Animations and Flux concept.  ? Pleasant Experience in React.js for creating interactive UI's using One-way data flow, Virtual DOM, JSX, React Native concepts.  ? Proficient in handling Twitter Bootstrap framework i.e., the concept of Grids, making use of advance components like Navs, Navibars, Pagination, Alerts, Progress bars etc.  ? Experience in Responsive Web Design and creating cross browser compatible web pages.  ? Experiences with modern UI build frameworks such as NPM, Grunt and Webpack.  ? Experience on working with CSS Background, CSS Layouts, CSS positioning, CSS text, CSS border, CSS margin, CSS padding, CSS table, Pseudo classes, Pseudo elements and CSS behaviors in CSS.  ? Solid experience working with SASS, LESS and InuitCSS; using mixins, functions, custom grid systems following object oriented modular CSS patterns; Working with complex CSS Layouts, Positioning, Key frame Animations and Pseudo Elements.  ? Good Experience in using IDE tools such as Notepad ++, Web Matrix, Eclipse, Sublime Text Editor, IntelliJ IDEA and Web Storm.  ? Good Knowledge in Version Control tools like CVS, GIT, SVN and Clear-Case for Source Code version management.  ? Possess excellent communication and Problem-Solving skills and the ability to work as a team member, as well as independently and adapt to new, evolving technologies and implement them in current projects.    Core Key Competences:    Technologies: HTML5, JavaScript, CSS3, SASS, LESS, Responsive Web Design, Bootstrap, NPM, Grunt, DOM, AJAX, JSON, XML and WebPack.    IDE's: Notepad++, Eclipse, Sublime Text Editor, IntelliJ IDEA, Web Strom.    JavaScript Libraries: Angular 2/4/5/6/7, TypeScript, React.js, React-Native, Node.js, JQuery.    Version Controls: SVN, CVS, GitHub.    Databases: MS-SQL Server, Oracle.    Platforms: Windows Variants: Work Experience Java UI/ Front- End Developer Northern Trust Bank - Chicago, IL July 2018 to Present Accomplishments:  ? Involved in the SDLC phases to analyze the requirements, design, development, deployment and testing.  ? Creating Dynamic Web Pages using Web Controls and developed forms using HTML5.  ? Involved in the re-design and architecture of Designee Management System application using client technologies like Angular 4/5/6.  ? Participate in technical design discussions and then code and implement.  ? Wrote extensive HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript code to build dynamic pages.  ? Involved in development of forms for Application Process and Selection process in Angular 4/6.  ? Used Bootstrap and Angular UI Bootstrap for creating rich, Responsive UI Screens for varying screen sizes and devices.  ? Implemented Angular promises to handle asynchronous communication with our Rest API for various requirements.  ? Used Responsive Framework for developing the webpage compatible for devices of all sizes.  ? Built Web pages that are more user-interactive using JQuery plugins for Drag and Drop, Auto Complete, JSON, Angular.JS and JavaScript.  ? Developed various customized views using JQuery, JavaScript, HTML, XHTML and CSS3.  ? Worked on CSS Background, CSS Positioning, CSS Text, CSS Border, Pseudo classes, Pseudo elements etc.  ? Developed responsive web pages using Bootstrap and CSS3 media queries. Worked on cross browser compatibility issues and fixed the bugs.  ? Worked with JQuery UI to customize many applications needs and achieve an efficient user interface.  ? Implemented re-usable templates with JavaScript handlebars and generating layouts.  ? Used Ajax, JSON to send request to the server to check the functionality of the websites.  ? Developed complex, usable, attractive and cross-browser web interfaces that account for speed, file size, readability and accessibility.  ? Debugged and logged using Chrome developer tools configured test environment using Karma and wrote unit test using Jasmine.  ? Adopted Git for version controlling and JIRA for project tracking.  ? Used agile methodology for the software development.  ? Active participation throughout the entire software development lifecycle from project inception, to code development and elaborate testing of the various modules.    Tools & Technologies: Angular 2/4/5/6, HTML5, JavaScript, JQuery, CSS3, AJAX, JSON, Jasmine, Karma, GIT, Jira, Bootstap, Responsive Web Design, REST API, Agile and Windows. UI Developer TransUnion Richardson - Austin, TX December 2016 to June 2018 Accomplishments:  ? Involved in all stages of Software development life cycle including Analysis, development, Implementation, testing and support.  ? Designed and developed the frontend applications, user interactive (UI) web pages using web technologies like HTML5 and CSS3.  ? Used Angular directives and filters for the user interface MVC architecture.  ? Created reusable templates and style sheets based on UI standards and guidelines; Performed functional tasks using specifications and wireframes.  ? Produced content pages with CSS3 layout and style markup presentations and used JavaScript methods and properties.  ? Used Bootstrap for creating responsive website for smart devices using Responsive design and media queries.  ? Updated the application with new features of Angular 2.  ? Develop new features and components using Angular 2 and Angular material, lo-dash, ES6 and git-lab.  ? Used Angular 2 to create Controllers to handle events triggered by clients and send request to server.  ? Used Node.js to run Webpack tasks and build properly the project.  ? Worked on responsive design and developed a single ISOMORPHIC responsive website that could be served to desktop, Tablets and mobile users using Angular.js.  ? Modified, optimized, and created new sprites with Photoshop to generate CSS3- based UI elements.  ? Integrated some kendo widgets date pickers, Numeric textboxes, Tooltips, Dialog boxes, drop-down list, Email, upload, grid etc.  ? Used LESS extensively for Rich UI experience.  ? Extensively used JQuery, JSON and AJAX to create interactive web applications like message posting and auto complete form validations.  ? Integrate with various databases for retrieving the data using AJAX/JSON.  ? Responsible for checking cross browser compatibility and hence worked on different browsers like safari, IE, Firefox and Google chrome.  ? Worked with an Agile, Scrum development methodology to ensure delivery of high-quality work with monthly iteration, involved in sprint planning and retrospectives.    Tools & Technologies: JavaScript, Angular 2, Node.js, Responsive Web Design, Bootstrap, WebPack, HTML5, CSS3, AJAX, JSON, JQuery, LESS, Agile, MVC and Windows. Jr. UI Developer Digital Mind software solutions - IN August 2015 to November 2016 Accomplishments:  ? Involved in various phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) of the application like Requirement gathering, Design, Analysis and Code development.  ? Designed and developed code for table less web interfaces using XHTML, CSS, DOM and JavaScript.  ? Responsible for designing Front-side of the website like embedded graphics, and interactive documents using JavaScript, XML, HTML and CSS.  ? Designed dynamic client-side JavaScript codes to build web forms and simulate process for web application, page navigation and form validation.  ? Designed dynamic and browser compatible pages using HTML/HTML5, CSS and JavaScript.  ? Used CSS Sprites to decrease the number of HTTP requests and load time of web pages.  ? Used JQuery-Ajax to get the data in JSON format and display on HTML page.  ? Developed web applications using latest JavaScript feature and frameworks such as React and Redux to build dynamic web pages.  ? Creating view layer with different components. Drop down list, search bar, log in, forms all these are implemented through React components.  ? Implemented React components both functional and classical for UI widgets.  ? Used React- RedUX (connect) which is responsible to "map state to props" and "map dispatch to props".  ? Involved in using React.JS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, Animations and Flux concept.  ? Worked on creating responsive website for smart devices using Responsive Web Design (RWD) and media queries.  ? Developed CSS media queries to make the application responsive website design (RWD).  ? Created custom-directives and custom-filters for data manipulations (DOM) and to display data in company standard format in UI.  ? Created Images, Logos and Icons that are used across the web pages using Adobe Flash, Dream weaver, and Photoshop.  ? Worked with the team of architects and back- end Developers to gather requirements and enhance the application functionality and add new features.    Tools & Technologies: JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3, XML, DOM, JSON, Ajax, JQuery, Node.js, React.js, Redux, Responsive Web Design, REST, Bootstrap, JQuery UI, Dreamweaver, Windows.