Freelance Web Developer Freelance Web <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front- End Developer for Hire Bronx, NY Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Freelance Web Developer outtethedev.com January 2016 to Present • Crafted outtethedev.com by hand early in my career as a personal home page and to showcase my portfolio. The site, outtethedev.com was created with HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, and Bootstrap. The portfolio features links to live versions of projects I've worked on and links to my GitHub, where you can view samples of my code as well.    • I was asked by a client to build a automated Twitter bot account that would automatically retweet all tweets with certain hashtags, and automatically reply to messages in order to help grow her business. After setting up a Twitter application and obtaining the appropriate API Keys, I cloned the twitter- bot-bootstrap repository by spences10 in a new directory and installed the necessary dependencies via Node Package Manager. Using twitter bot bootstrap, not only was I able to code the hashtags for retweets and response messages, I was also able to filter out tweets that contained certain "offensive" words and phrases.    • Built a website for a client to help them grow their youtube following. The client wanted viewers to be able to subscribe to his channel and view his videos on his site. He also wanted to be able to view his channels analytics from the site including a live subscriber counter. This was achieved with HTML5, CSS3, PHP, Wordpress, and the Youtube API. I created a custom Wordpress theme to the client's exact  specifications and used the Youtube API to pull information from the client's Youtube page. The site helped his channel gain about 13,000 new subscribers in 4 months. WordPress Developer AppsByMax Inc February 2018 to June 2018 • Built a new custom WordPress Theme to serve as the AppsByMax company homepage. It allows AppsByMax to catalog all of the apps they release. It also allows AppsByMax to create Tutorials for iOS and Swift.    • Performed the entire UX/UI design of the site and presented the complete mock-up under a high amount of pressure in under 5 days. CEO then requested a Redesign of the site, which was completed in 2 days.    • Created a brand new WordPress post type, “Products”, to showcase all of the apps created by AppsByMax. The Products archive page was modified to display the Products in a style similar to Pinterest using Masonry.js    • Hardcoded a slideshow into the Products post type separate from the content to cycle through all of the post’s image attachments. It’s meant to be used as a way to display screenshots and photos without inserting them into the content.    • The Products post type can dynamically add app store badges when provided with URL metadata through custom fields. Using the provided metadata, the Products post adds an appropriate app store badge that links to the URL at the bottom of the post.    • Added a new menu to the WordPress dashboard, “Social Media Links” that allow’s AppsByMax to input the URLs to their various social media accounts. When a URL is entered, the corresponding icon of the site appears in the footer and, when clicked, will bring the user to the linked URL. Volunteer Senior Front- End Developer Code for Social Good January 2017 to February 2018 • Organized and directed Front- End development of a recently released monumental web app that connects non-profit organizations with technical volunteers around the world. The app is built using HTML5, CSS3, SASS, Angular 2, Typescript, and Materialize CSS. Visit us at app.code4socialgood.org    • Built original SignUp, Login, and Forgot Password pages from scratch using the Reactive Forms Module and Validators imported from Angular 2's form library. Reactive Forms would allow for more straightforward communication of data between our server and project components.    • Constructed the original User Dashboard, along with the Non-Profit Dashboard by importing the Reactive Forms Module and Validators from the form library. By taking advantage of the Angular library's built-in Validator functions such as .required and .minlength, I was able to prevent users from moving forward with account and project creation without providing the server with certain bits of data.    • Created About page featuring Google Map of all volunteers on site. Because Angular isn't optimized to support the Google Maps API, I imported the AGM framework from SebastianM into the project. This allowed me to be able to display data for every registered volunteer on the map with a marker using Angular's *for directive. With volunteer data available on the map, nonprofit organizations can see if any volunteers registered to our app are in their area very quickly without even creating an account. Education High school or equivalent American School of Correspondence - Lansing, IL May 2010 to November 2014 Skills HTML 5 (3 years), CSS3 (3 years), Javascript (3 years), JQuery (3 years), Bootstrap (3 years), Materialize CSS (1 year), SASS (1 year), Angular (2 years), Typescript (2 years), ES6 (2 years), Rest APIs (1 year), Visual Studio (1 year), Sublime Text (2 years), CMS (Less than 1 year), Wordpress (Less than 1 year), Front End (3 years), Python (Less than 1 year), PHP (Less than 1 year), Website (3 years), Word Press (Less than 1 year), HTML5 (3 years), Angular (2 years), React (Less than 1 year), Front-End Links https://github.com/Outte