Java Developer Java <span class="hl">Developer</span> Java Developer Chicago, IL Work Experience Java Developer Levi's - San Francisco, CA August 2016 to August 2016 The project's main effort is to create a website with a new design and structure that will allow efficient  access to information needed by all staff members. Create a new website structure and design based upon stakeholder input and industry best practices for usability and accessibility.  Project 1: Cost Center Nucleus (CCN)  Responsibilities:  • Designing Java based web applications to handle all the company store details.  • Designing web pages and provide various functionalities according to the user needs.  • Converted Legacy services into Restful Services.  • Developed Restful Web Services using Spring Boot.  • Implementing the template-based categorization of presentation content using Model-1  • Architecture and implement it using j Query, Knockout.js, JSP and Spring MVC and Spring Boot.  • Using JavaScript for custom client-side validation.  • Developing server-side services using Core Java concepts.  • Using Spring Row Map per implementation to map POJO with returning result sets from DB.  • Created Jenkins jobs and wrote Pipeline scripts for continuous integration and build automation.  • Secured the application by authenticating against LDAP and authorizing the user based on their roles using Spring security dependency.  • Design and develop presentation tier components such as commands, actions, JSPs, domain and domain access objects using Agile Processes/XP and best practices.  • Using Spring's JAXB implementation for marshalling of an object into an XML string.  • Created Restful API utilizing Spring Restful Controllers.  • Improve the performance and response time of the application by implementing AJAX which works with JSON.  • Implementing Unit testing for the components developed, using J Unit testing framework.  • Using Log4j for logging and handling defects of the application  • Implement DAO layer using Spring Jdbc Template.  • Using Grade as build management system.  • Using Spring's jcbc and DAO layers to offer abstraction for the business from the database related code (CRUD).  • Design, style and control web pages using HTML, CSS and JavaScript.  • Using Oracle11g database for tables creation and involved in writing SQL queries using Joins, creating Stored Procedures, functions and packages.  • Working with configuration management groups for providing various deployment  • environments set up including System Integration testing, Quality Control testing etc. Involved in 24X7 rotation production support.  • Tested our application with Selenium testing and J unit  • Used Spring STS, Eclipse Oxygen as IDE for development.  • Using GIT as a version control system for the software development. UI Developer E c Info systems, Inc April 2015 to August 2016 Roles & Responsibilities:  • Responsible for creating efficient design and developing User Interaction screens using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, j Query AJAX and JSON.  • Used Angular JS as a part of requirement for implementation of the U-Verse Package Selection Module.  • Used Angular JS for making restful API calls and data binding.  • Successfully implemented various Angular UI Widgets and Components for a complete View.  • Used JavaScript, j Query for user interactions in pages.  • Designed the front- end applications, user interactive (UI) web pages using web technologies like HTML4/5, XHTML, and CSS2/3, Responsive Web Design and Bootstrap.  • Experience with j Query  • Used Ajax calls through Angular JS to populate the data tables on the front- end.  • Used Bootstrap and Angular JS for effective design of Web pages  • Worked on creating responsive website for smart devices using responsive design and media queries.  • Used j Query Ajax for service calls on pages to interact with the server for information.  • Rapid prototyping of design concepts.  • Involved in building the UI using bootstrap.  • Utilized various JavaScript and j Query libraries, AJAX for form validation and other interactive features.  • Involved in designing and developing the JSON, XML Objects with My SQL.  • Used Ajax, JSON to send request to the server to check the functionality of the websites.  • Testing the website on multiple browsers with their old as well as latest release.  • Used JSON for storing and exchanging information between browsers and servers.  • Created forms to collect and validate data from the user in HTML and JavaScript.  • Active participation throughout the entire software development lifecycle from project inception, to code development and elaborate testing of the various modules.  • Produced semantically appropriate, standards compliant markup, and produced Rich User Interfaces.  • Used all the advanced Photoshop features to create appealing visual web interfaces. Front- End Web Developer Amazon - IN May 2014 to April 2015 • Involved in building the UI using bootstrap.  • Created forms to collect and validate data from the user in HTML5 and JavaScript.  • Developed SQL queries to perform insert, update or delete operation on My SQL database.  • Participated in daily meeting for enhancing the features for the application.  • Extensively used all the new HTML5 features like local storage, new input attributes, Canvas and SVG, audio and video etc.  • Used new CSS3 features like multi-column layout, gradients and web fonts, transform and transpose and @media.  • Performed various Validation Controls for form validation and implemented custom validation controls with JavaScript and with Angular JS using custom directives.  • Used twitter Bootstrap for creating responsive web design for varying screen sizes and devices.  • Implemented MVC frameworks like Angular JS for AJAX data calls using the $http service.  • Used and maintained frameworks using HTML 5, Angular JS, Java and Spring.  • Developed SQL queries to perform insert, update or delete operation on My SQL database.  • Responsible for authoring of website functionality with JavaScript, HTML, CSS.  • Used CSS Sprites to decrease the number of HTTP requests and load time of web pages.  • Been an active team player, helped in fixing bugs and carried out troubleshooting.    Environment: HTML 5, JavaScript, Angular js, Bootstrap, AJAX, CSS 2/3, JSON, j Query, XML, Apache. Education Master's in Computer Science in Computer Science Silicon Valley University 2016 Skills VISUAL STUDIO, Git, HTML, JAVASCRIPT, BOOTSTRAP