Front- end Engineer <span class="hl">Front</span>-<span class="hl">end</span> Engineer Front- end Engineer - Versant Health Hanover, MD • 4 years of experience as a front- end developer using JavaScript frameworks for developing single page and responsive web applications.  • Proficient in developing the custom components, pipes and directives Formatting data using pipes and Custom Pipes in Angular 2/4/5.  • Responsible for some aspect of Front- end engineering. Mobile first responsive design with the Bootstrap library.  • 2+ Years of experience in CSS3, HTML5 for developing MVC/MVVC applications.  • 2+ Years of experience in developing enterprise level applications using the Angular2/4/5 framework.  • Excellent ability to write clear, well-documented, well-commented and efficient code for web development.  • Ability to grasp new technologies and to apply them to build applications.  • Strong problem-solving, organizing, communication skills and interpersonal skills with a strong ability to excel through collaboration with team members.  • Great social, verbal and written skills, have a knack for learning new skills rapidly and adapting to any environment.  • Constantly seeking self-improvement and knowledge building -- coding standards and best practices.  • Fixed Front- end bugs such as HTML, CSS, JavaScript errors.  • Managed all aspects of website content to ensure excellent business performance.  • Proficient building ionic framework progressive apps.  • Experience working with HTML5/HTML, CSS3/CSS, SCSS, Bootstrap, HTML5 Boilerplate and Responsive Web design.  • Working experience in Agile Scrum projects for years. Attended daily scrums, bi-weekly or weekly sprints and sprint planning, Retrospectives and other Software Development activities.  • Re-design several pages for many different sites as each company's services AJAX and special changes.  • Experience in integrating the third-party API Tools provided by web site thereby transforming it into two-way conversation place where registered users can interact directly with the content and each other using JavaScript, and NodeJS.  • Solid working experience in various IDE's: Visual Studio Code, WebStrom, PhpStrom, IntelliJ. Sponsorship required to work in the US Work Experience Front- end Engineer Versant Health - Linthicum Heights, MD October 2018 to Present Responsibilities:  • Worked closely with business-side clients to deliver attractive, easy-to-understand screens that appropriate reflected the company's fulfilment workflow.  • Implemented SSO for two different portals using JWT.  • Designed and created a dynamic website model which served as design guide for the development team.  • Worked on HTML, SCSS, Angular to tie together a diverse range of sites with an easily understandable structure.  • Strong working experience in solving Cross-Browser Compatibility challenges and processing Responsiveness.  • Applied data visualization by adding grids and dynamic graphs with data fetched from micro services.  • Developed observable approach to implement more robust and efficient client facing applications.  • Redesigned user interface HTML and refined SCSS styling.  • Designed UI screens using SCSS, Angular Framework and HTML.  • Participate in wireframe reviews with UX team to understand the requirements.  Technologies Used: Angular 7, HTML5, SCSS, Bootstrap Framework. Front- end Engineer CCSGlobaltech - San Diego, CA March 2018 to October 2018 Responsibilities:  ? Designed and developed agent portal using Angular framework along with HTML5, CSS3, and TypeScript.  ? Used Angular framework for client-side validations.  ? Implemented HTTP requests using RxJS Observables library to handle multiple values.  ? Experience with services, pipes, form validations (reactive forms) in Angular 4/5.  ? Created typescript reusable components and services to consume REST API's using component based architecture.  ? Developed web application that are cross-browser compatible.  ? Implemented caching mechanism at client-side instead of calling service every time.  ? Worked closely with team members to meet client requirements.  ? Consumed JSON format to populate screen parts on demand.  ? Implemented Angular 4/5 router module to enable navigation from one view to another.  ? Debug webpages using developer's tool to fix some glitches based in page styling.  ? Used Source Tree, GIT for version control for defect tracking.  ? Solid experience with Responsive Web Design (RWD).  ? Worked with Scrum methodology for SDLC by using Jira tool.  ? Worked closely with team members to meet the client requirement.  ? Actively participated in day-to-day meeting, status meeting, strong reporting and effective communication with project manager.  Technologies Used: AngularJS (4,5), HTML5, CSS3, Highcharts, Bootstrap Framework. Development Intern Wellacopia - New York, NY September 2017 to December 2017 Responsibilities:  ? Developed Booking framework, which enabled a potential client to book for action.  ? Created Search Engine Optimization (SEO), which helped site to be found on search engines.  ? Generate dynamic Meta tags for Facebook (OG tags) and Twitter (Twitter Tags).  ? Built up a UI, where an administrator can add most recent occasions/events of the organization.  ? Development Testing for the site.  ? Used CSS media queries for the responsiveness of web page.  ? Utilized Git for syncing code from the branches.  Technologies Used: AngularJS (4), HTML5, CSS3, Semantic Framework. Front- end developer Hocrox March 2014 to November 2015 Responsibilities:  • Experienced in problem analysis in both technical system and application programs.  • Used advanced level of HTML, JavaScript, CSS and pure CSS layouts (table less layout).  • Defined and developed the application's presentation layer using HTML, CSS, JavaScript.  • Developed user interface using Asynchronous validation for the fast and user friendly access using AJAX.  • Redesigned pages to improve application design and UI to attract the customers by taking inputs from management.  • Created client side validation tool using technologies such as JavaScript.  • Created Responsive Designs (Mobile/Tablet/Desktop) using HTML, CSS and Bootstrap.  Technologies Used: NodeJS, JavaScript, HTML and, CSS. Education Master of Science in Data & Information Systems Pace University, Seidenberg School of Computer Science - New York, NY December 2017 Skills BOOTSTRAP (2 years), UI (2 years), USER INTERFACE (2 years), JAVASCRIPT (2 years), HTML5 (1 year), Jasmine karma (Less than 1 year), Angular (3 years), Ionic (2 years), Angularjs, CSS3, Front End, Node, Front-End, Jquery Links https://github.com/abbains Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  Programming Languages: PHP, Node JS, HTML5, CSS3, SCSS, JavaScript, jQuery, AngularJS, Angular 2+, TypeScript.  Frameworks: Twitter Bootstrap, Ionic, Express, Phpmyadmin, Semantic UI, Highcharts.js.  Databases: SQL, MongoDB, Rethink DB, PostgreSQL.  Operating System: Windows, OS Operating System.