Front End UI Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End UI Developer - PepsiCo, NJ • Over 3 years of Frontend/UI development experience with HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, ReactJS, AngularJS, NodeJS.  • Experienced in complete Software Product Development Life Cycle.  • Experienced in working in AGILE based development environment and participating in Scrum sessions.  • Worked on server-side scripting JavaScript framework Node.js, Express.js, created Rest API's using Node.js and connected to MongoDB.  • Working experience on CSSBackground, CSS Positioning, CSS Text, CSS Border, CSS Margin, CSS Padding, CSS Table and CSS Behaviors in CSS.  • Experience in Angular JS structural framework for dynamic web apps and profound knowledge in concepts like Dependency Injection, Promises, Services, Scopes, Controllers and Directives.  • knowledge of Front- End Development Frameworks for designing compatible cross-browser applications for browsers and portable devices.  • Worked with JavaScript validations and developed Object-oriented code.  • Designed Web application for handheld mobile devices using Responsive Web Design, Bootstrap, and  CSS3 features such as Flex-box, Media Queries.  • Used REST service for CRUD operation using PUT, POST, DELETE &GET commands.  • Created multiple wireframe designs demonstrating alternative solutions to product requirements.  • Knowledge of version control systems GitHub, SVN. Experience in software configuration management using SVN.  • Knowledge using various IDE's, Dreamweaver, Notepad, Eclipse.  • Diligence towards attaining challenging goals and possess good communication skills and quick learning ability. Work Experience Front End UI Developer PepsiCo, NJ February 2019 to Present • UI development with technologies like HTML5, Bootstrap, ReactJS, AngularJS, Typescript, jQuery, Redux.  • Using AngularJS created Responsive Web Design (RWD) and did data manipulations to display data in company standard format in UI.  • Worked on AngularJS by consuming Restful web services & Used AngularJS forms like Template Driven forms and Modern Driven (Reactive) forms to perform form validations both on server and client side.  • Involved in Writing jQuery-based Ajax Requests using jQuery. Get (URL, data, call back, type).  • Worked on AngularJS Material components for theming purposes & Performed client-side validations.  • Leveraged Angular resources for all data access, encapsulating URLs and standardizing data access interfaces.  • Designed in-house build automation and continuous integration systems by utilizing Node.js, Git and Grunt.  • Maintained states in the stores and dispatched the actions using redux. Used React-Router to turn application into Single Page Application  • Developed GUI using React Components and Redux in ongoing projects.  • Creating React -Native mobile applications for devices unable to run Flex/Flash applications.  • Developed internal application using AngularJS, React JS and Node.JS connecting to Oracle on the backend. Used Cordova for handing native features of Web Well as using Restful services.  • Used Firebug and Developer tools to debug JavaScript, to analyse DOM objects of the page and to change the page layout. Jr. Front End UI Developer Lamda - IN January 2015 to July 2017 • Extensive knowledge to use of Angular.js directives to bring additional functionality to HTML.  • Used AngularJSHttp Request to read data from web servers and process JSON data to render in the UI.  • Defined new validations through AngularJS for the form field validation implemented through HTML.  • Responsible for developing a front- end application using React JS and Flux architecture for internal team's productivity use.  • Implemented the Drag and Drop functionality using React -Draggable.  • The configurations for simulating an HTTP request handling in Node JS by using Express.  • Used Node JS to develop the back- end components, connect the application with the other web services. Worked on JavaScript tools like Grunt, NPM and Bower.  • Developed applications implementing Ajax Calls for Dynamic Content Loading.  • Developed user interfaces using Tiles with React Router and JSX.  • Build stable React components and stand-alone functions to be added to any future pages.  • Extensive experience in working with AngularJS to implement Single page applications (SPAs) using Directives, modules, Expressions, Routers, views, model and Controller.  • Used Special Syntax called JSX to mix HTML with JavaScript with the help of React JS.  • Implemented React container and presentational components (as Stateless and Functional components when applicable).Involved in development of backend using NodeJS.  • Handling code optimization techniques to decrease much use of JavaScript in creating dynamic functionality, with the use of CSS classes.  • Involved in writing application level code to interact with APIs, Web Services using, AJAX, JSON and XML. Education Master's in Computer Science in Computer Science SUNY New Paltz - New Paltz, NY Skills VISUAL STUDIO, Hadoop, JAVASCRIPT, BOOTSTRAP, TYPESCRIPT, Angular, Angularjs, Front End, Front-End, Jquery, UI, User Interface Additional Information SKILLS    • Programming Languages: JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX  • Technology Proficiency: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, SASS, XML, JSON, Bootstrap, jQuery, Typescript, NodeJS,  AngularJS, Angular 2, Angular 4, Angular 6, Core Java, Java Servlets, JSP  • Web Tools: NPM, Grunt, Gulp, JIRA, Webpack  • Database: MySQL, MS-SQL, MongoDB  • IDE and Tools: Visual Studio Code, Sublime, Atom, WebStorm, Eclipse, Hadoop, GitHub, Scikit-learn, MS Office  • Debugging Tools: Chrome developer tool, Web inspector, Fiddle, Firebug  • Testing Technology: Jasmine and Karma