Software Engineer Software Engineer Software Engineer Austin, TX Work Experience Software Engineer Spiceworks - Austin, TX March 2019 to August 2019 • Developer on the Spiceworks Community, an online forum dedicated to connecting IT professionals.  • Prototyped, created, and deployed numerous features per the growing needs of the community using a variety of technologies, primarily Ruby on Rails.  • Collaborated across cross-functional and agile teams both remotely in Costa Rica and in-office.  • Wrote extensive integration and unit tests to maintain healthy coding practices.  • Researched and compiled reports on potential new technologies that would provide value to the consumer once integrated. Front End Developer Spiceworks October 2017 to March 2019 • Developed responsive, cross-browser interactive content and landing pages for various clientele including Intel, Canon, HP, and Dell.  • Developed and documented templates for client projects to optimize workflow processes.  • Researched and prototyped potential full-stack projects to further match client needs.  • Mentored junior developers across a variety of modern development technologies.  • Collaborated with multiple cross-functional departments including sales, design, and writing to create products based on client specification. Front End Developer Arrive Logistics - Austin, TX November 2017 to March 2018 • Developed internal cross-departmental tools in an agile team environment.  • Researched and integrated new technologies, such as GraphQL, into existing workflow.  • Extensive documentation responsibilities including recording workflow processes and shared component usage. Web Development Intern & Customer Support Agent Capped - Austin, TX January 2014 to June 2014 • Assisted developers in creating a highly technical user application to deliver curated videos.  • Answered customer inquiries and issues in a timely manner. Education Certificate in Computer Science University of Texas - Austin, TX June 2017 to September 2017 Skills Git, Javascript, Node.js, Redux, Webpack, Ruby, Rails, Ruby on Rails, PostgresSQL, MongoDB, CSS3, JQuery, HTML 5, MYSQL, CSS, CSS, MYSQL