Front end UI Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">end</span> UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front end UI Developer - AMEX Jersey City, NJ ? Over 6+ years of IT experience in Systems Analysis, Design, Development and Implementation in Web and mobile platforms, focusing on front end User Interface (UI) components.  ? Proficient in building Web UI using HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, JSP, JSF that follow W3C Web standards.  ? Extensive experience in software design, implementation and testing of distributed systems in domains such as E-Commerce (B2C), Defense Systems, Financial Systems, and Health Care Systems.  ? Microsoft Certified Professional in HTML/CSS/JAVASCRIPT.  ? Experience with AJAX, REST and JSON.  ? Solid experience with Responsive Web Design (RWD).  ? Experience building Web applications using JavaScript Model, View, and Controller (MVC) AngularJS and BackboneJS framework architectures.  ? Expertise in using source code control systems such as GIT and JIRA.  ? Excellent experience in developing web pages complying with Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) and ability to apply W3C web standards.  ? Experienced working in both AGILE and SDLC based development environment and participating in SCRUM sessions.  ? Experience working with testing tools like Firebug, Firebug Lite, Chrome or safari web inspectors and IE Developer Toolbar.  ? Expertise in analyzing the DOM Layout, Java Script functions, Cascading Styles across cross-browser using Fire Bug, Developer Tool Bar. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Front end UI Developer AMEX - New York, NY July 2015 to Present Description: The application (Pay by Points PBP) I was working on is with the uses credit card. Depending on the type of credit card user has we show them options where user can buy services such as car rental, hotels, uber, amazon, Costco card etc. using there points. A conversion of what can be bought is shown and then the users are given option where they can buy more points. Worked on the UI side for making the look and feel better and faster and integrating with options provided by AMEX Partners.    Roles and Responsibilities:  ? Involved in Software Development Life Cycle phases like requirements gathering, Analysis, Design and Development.  ? Developed frontend along with pages for user interactions for the entire website using HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript.  ? Involved in designing and developing, coding the Templates.  ? Used AJAX, JSON to send request to the server to check the functionality of the website.  ? Built Web pages that are more user-interactive using jQuery plug-in for Drag and Drop, jQuery  Validator, AutoComplete, AJAX, JSON, AngularJS, and Bootstrap.  ? Developed web Application using HTML5/CSS, JavaScript, AngularJS, jQuery, Bootstrap, Dojo  ? Written code to implement AJAX based applications be fetching the response from backend API as a part of JSON.  ? Designed applications that execute on various browsers such as Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome and opera using various debugging tools like Firebugs/IE Developer Tools.  ? Used CSS Sprites to decrease the number of HTTP requests and load time of web pages.  ? Worked with the team of architects and backend developers to gather requirements and enhance the application functionality and add new features.  ? Created Graphical User Interface (GUI) and applied it to website.  ? Created interface to manage user menu and Bulk update of Attributes using JavaScript, EXTJS and JQuery  ? Involved in the development of presentation layer and GUI framework using EXT JS and HTML. Client Side validations were done using JavaScript.  ? Developed additional UI Components using JSF and implemented an asynchronous, AJAX (JQuery) based rich client to improve customer experience.  ? Utilized version control tool GIT to work on the same code-base in the repository with the other team members.  ? Created test plans and JUnit test cases and test suite for testing the application.    Environment: HTML/HTML5, Java, AngularJS, JavaScript, AJAX, EXTJS, HTML5, CSS3, JSON, Bootstrap, Apache, TomcatServer, Restful web services, Dojo, JSP, JSF, JSON, CXF, Struts, and Scaled-Agile Methodologies. Front end UI Developer Accenture/ Travelers Insurance - Hartford, CT September 2014 to June 2015 Project: Loan Approval and Payment system - LAPS is an automated multi-application system. In this system customer(s) of the bank can quickly processing of their loan (Home, Personal and Auto) applications and set up one-time or recurring payments. It consists of the modules such as Loan Authorization, Audit Trails that reduce the manual load on the staff and Payment module that provide convenience and control for the customers when paying back their loans  Roles and Responsibilities:  ? Involved in development, design and implementation of frontend part of the application.  ? Developed the User Interactive web pages in a professional manner with using web technologies like HTML, XHTML, and CSS as per company's standards.  ? Developed complex, useable, attractive and cross-browser web interfaces that account for speed, file size, readability and accessibility.  ? Created and maintained the framework and layout of each portal with CSS.  ? Successfully implemented Auto Complete/Auto Suggest functionality using AJAX, jQuery, Web Service call and JSON.  ? Responsible to manipulate HTML5, CSS3 in jQuery as well as making the pages dynamic using AJAX, JSON and XML.  ? Involved in Enhancement of existing application utilizing JSP, Created HTML navigation menu that is role based menu items changes dynamically, derived from the database in the form of XML.  ? Worked one-on-one with client to develop layout, color scheme for his website and implemented it into a final interface design with the HTML5/CSS3 and JavaScript.  ? Utilized various jQuery plug-in to build Rich Internet Application (RIA) to make it look more intuitive.  ? Used the Node.js and backbone.js MVC Frameworks in the development of the web applications.  ? Demonstrated implementation and up gradation of JavaScript Library.  ? Discussed various ideas/suggestions for the ongoing websites regarding the page layout and creative design.  ? Involved in AngularJS MVC architecture implementation.  ? Implemented AngularJS client side validation. Implemented AngularJS modules.  ? Used AngularJS to develop a standalone test application, in scope of future usage of the framework.  ? Updated UI as per changing needs and requirements.  ? Writing JavaScript for Node JS applications that are useful for interacting with server and network applications.  Environment: UML Modeling, ER diagrams, Normalization, HTML/5, CSS/3, JQuery, JavaScript, Ajax, Dojo, AngularJS, Node.JS, Firebug , PHP, IE 7,8, IE 10, Firefox, Chrome, Wamp Server, HTML, CSS. UI Developer CTS/ Quicken Loans - Detroit, MI July 2012 to August 2014 Description: Manage Booking is a web based portal that allows user to manage their online bookings such as view their booking, check-In, change seat, add bags, print e-ticket, cancel tickets, check refund status, flight status, receive tickets to their email id etc.  Roles and Responsibilities:  ? Worked with HTML, CSS3, JSP, XML, JSON, JavaScript and JQuery for developing user interface.  ? Implemented Graphs and Charts with animation to represent survey data for MDE Analytics application.  ? Implemented ADA compliance for the application.  ? Involved in writing application level code to interact with APIs, Web Services using AJAX, JSON, XML and JQuery.  ? Worked with QA team on daily basis in fixing the reported bugs/defects and checking cross platform compatibility.  ? Designed table-less layouts using CSS and appropriate HTML tags as per W3C standards.  ? Created optimized graphic websites and application interfaces using HTML, CSS3 and JQuery UI framework.  ? Handled all aspects of the web applications including maintaining, testing, debugging and deploying.  ? Good knowledge of debugging JavaScript and html code with Firefox Firebug and Google chrome JavaScript debugger.  ? Developed Architectural Design Documents and Block Diagrams.  ? Participated in the research of new technologies like JQUERY-Mobile for few potential mobile app development efforts.    Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, AJAX, JQueryUI, JSON, XML, TOMCAT APACHE, Dreamweaver. Skills UI (6 years), Javascript (6 years), Java (4 years), J2EE (4 years), HTML (6 years), HTML 5 (6 years), CSS (6 years), Ajax (6 years), JQuery (6 years), API (6 years), Web Services (6 years), XML (6 years), XHTML (6 years), Dhtml (6 years), angular.js (6 years), XSLT (6 years), backbone,js (4 years), JSON (6 years), node.js (4 years), ember.js (6 years), underscore.js (3 years), Apache (3 years), Oracle (5 years), IBM (3 years), Web Services (6 years), Web Development (6 years), Git (3 years), CVS (4 years), SVN (4 years), jboss (4 years), glassfish (3 years), IIS (4 years), Eclipse (2 years), notepad (6 years), sublime text (4 years), Aptana studio (3 years), Adobe (4 years), Photoshop (4 years), Windows Xp, Windows 7 (6 years) Additional Information Technical Skills:    Web Technologies HTML/HTML5, CSS2/CSS3, DHTML, XML, XHTML, XSLT, JavaScript, AJAX, JQuery, JSON, AngularJS, BackboneJS, Bootstrap, Node JS  JavaScript Libraries JQuery, Backbone JS, Angular JS, Ember.JS, UnderscoreJS.  Servers Technology Apache Tomcat, Oracle Web Logic, IBM Web sphere, JBOSS, Glassfish and IIS  Version Control GIT, CVS, and SVN  IDE & Tools Eclipse, Net Beans, Brackets, Aptana Studio, Notepad++, SublimeText, WebStorm, PHPStorm  Debugging Tools Firebug, Chrome Developer toolbar, IE Developer Toolbar.