Front- End Developer <span class="hl">Front</span>-<span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front- End Developer Princeton, NJ • A web UI developer with 3+ years of experience in E-commerce industry.  • 7+ years of experience in HTML, CSS, JavaScript including working experience and study experience in Harbin Institute of Technology and Stevens Institute of Technology.  • Expertise in client scripting language such as HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, JSON, Bootstrap, SCSS/SASS.  • Solid experience in Responsive web design with Bootstrap, CSS Media Query.  • Extensive experience on Angular JS, Angular 2, React JS as the development frameworks to build single-page application. Knowledge on MVC framework with Angular JS.  • Experience in form validation, Login Authentication by using Auth0, a identity web tool.  • Proficient in TypeScript, ES6, Babel, Polyfill for developing newly born Angular 2.  • Experience in IDEs like Web Storm, Visual Code Studio, Brackets, Sublime Text, and Atom.  • Proficient in setting up task runner such as Webpack, Gulp, and Grunt for minifying, concatenating and clean up CSS and JavaScript for better performance.  • Good understanding of Design Pattern such as Singleton, Factory, Proxy.  • Knowledge of Unit Testing for Angular JS, Angular 2, React JS with Karma, Jasmine.  • Frequent usage with Package Management Tools such as NPM, BOWER.  • Solid proficiency with Agile Software Development Methodology to work efficiently in tight schedules and meeting deadline.  • Experience in version control tools such as GIT, GitHub for code commitment.  • Experience in backend technologies such as Node JS, Express JS, Auth0, firebase, MongoDB, Mongoose, MS SQL.  • Good Web Application debugging skills using Chrome Developers Tool.  • Expertise in developing and designing web based application which supports Cross Browser requirements for Google Chrome, Safari, Firefox, IE.  • Proficient in utilizing RESTful services, consuming JSON format response from back end through AJAX and presenting the JSON data on the web page.  • Strong interpersonal abilities with good analytical, problem solving, debugging, documentation and communication skills and ability to work independently within a team environment. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Front- End Developer DoubleBridge Technologies Inc June 2016 to August 2017 Billing and Payment System    The project was to enhance the performance of the wireless service application.    Responsibilities:  • Designed and maintained billing pages with HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript and AngularJS.  • Implemented Single Page Application with Angular Routing, Templates, and ng-view API, which allow users to switch billing modules views without reloading the same content, only the data field that needs to be changed.  • Created Angular JS custom services with Factory and Service methods to realize data communication between different module's controllers.  • Used Angular JS Two-way Data-Binding, Interpolation, Custom Filter to display and format data based on the requirements of business analysis.  • Built reusable components in billing home page by creating Custom Directives with isolated scopes, controllers and templates.  • Utilize jQuery and JavaScript for DOM manipulations and basic billing logic and Event handlers. Also, jQuery Validation Plug-in for client-side.  • Created Navbars, Dropdown Menu, Image, Carousel, Modal, Table, Pagination and other controls using Bootstrap for billing home page, billing history page.  • Designed a responsive website using Bootstrap Grid System and CSS Media Query to layout contents that fit different devices including mobile, tablet and desktop.  • Used HTML5 multimedia new features to embed videos into billing pages for introduction of the company and simple steps to master the billing pages' functions.  • Implemented various Validation Controls for client-side validation and implemented custom validation controls with Bootstrap.  • Used React JS to conduct user survey for UX User Research purposes.  • Implemented the Node JS server side code with Express JS to interact with MongoDB to store and retrieve data by using the Mongoose.  • Added MEAN stack functionalities to the existing system to improve performance.  • Used jQuery AJAX for HTTP requests and responses for advertising component.  • Used Agile Development Methodology and Scrum team structure for development process.  • Conducted unit test for web system functions with Karma and Jasmine.  • Worked through cross browser compatibility issues with layout and styles and fixed major bugs for supported browsers and platforms.  • Committed code update into repository using version control tool GIT.  • Involved in upgrading AngularJS 1.5 to Angular 2 using typescript.  Environments:  HTML5, CSS3, SCSS, JavaScript, Angular JS, Angular 4, jQuery, Core Java, AJAX, JSON, ReactJS, firebase, Bootstrap, Karma, Jasmine, GIT. Volunteer UI Developer Stevens Institute of Technology - Hoboken, NJ May 2015 to June 2016 Account Management System    My project was to update and maintain an account management system application used by administer.    Responsibilities:  • Designed and developed UI of web pages with HTML5 and CSS3.  • Responsible for forms building and conducting form validation in registration, login page.  • Implemented client-side elements effects like Hide, Show, Event Handling and DOM manipulation with jQuery.  • Used jQuery to implement AJAX functions to establish the data communication between server and client-side browser.  • Added Animation effects on components with CSS3 by using transition.  • Solved cross browser issues to make page layout consistent in different browsers and different devices.  • Daily maintenance and updating website content.  • Involved in requirement analysis, design and implementation.  Environment:  HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, JSON. Front End Developer Harbin Institute of Technology May 2013 to June 2014 University Website    This project was to create a new website to give a full-description of HIT.    Responsibilities:  • Designed and developed the University home page as Single Page Application to provide more fluid user experience using Angular JS, Bootstrap, HTML5 and CSS3.  • Used Bootstrap Grid System to make web responsive suitable for desktops, tablets and phones.  • Implemented AJAX calls with jQuery to retrieve data from server.  • Utilized TDD approach to develop the website.  Environment:  HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, JSON. Education Master of Science in Course Stevens Institute of Technology - Hoboken, NJ May 2016 Bachelor of Science in Heilongjiang Harbin Institute of Technology June 2014 Skills AJAX (3 years), HTML5 (3 years), JAVASCRIPT (3 years), jQuery (3 years), JSON (3 years) Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS OVERVIEW  Front- end programming skills HTML/HTML5, CSS2/CSS3, JavaScript, Bootstrap, SASS/SCSS, jQuery, AngularJS, Angular 2, React JS, AJAX, RESTful API service.  Backend programming skills Node.js, Express.js, Auth0, Firebase, JSON  Database MS SQL Server, MongoDB, Firebase  IDE/Tools Sublime Text 3, Brackets, Atom, Visual Studio Code  Version Control GIT, GitHub  Test Tools/Methodologies Karma, Jasmine  Methodologies Agile, Scrum  Package Management Tools NPM, Bower