Co-founder, COO, Front- end developer and Recruiter Co-founder, COO, <span class="hl">Front</span>-<span class="hl">end</span> <span class="hl">developer</span> and Recruiter Computer and Information Science Graduate New Bedford, MA Computer and Information Science Graduate Student seeking an internship. Work Experience Co-founder, COO, Front- end developer and Recruiter Foodpine Private Limited April 2016 to May 2018 • Foodpine was an online food delivery startup started in April 2016.  • Worked there as a COO, Front end developer using web technologies and also as a recruiter.  • We had a great impact on restaurant business in Guntur by increasing.  • Developed a lot in Management, Technical and Intra personal skills and also learned the value of every single customer. Android APP Development Intern APSSDC September 2016 to September 2016 • Learned to develop Android App using ECLIPSE.  • Developed an App for Student-Parent Portal for Government Educational Institutions in AP, a project worth (4M$). Web developing Intern Ramky Group India - Pune, Maharashtra July 2014 to July 2014 • Learned different technologies like HTML, JAVA SCRIPT, CSS, PHP and Boot Strap.  • Developed a website for a Car rental Company.  • Supported the project team in all competences of the project.  • Gave presentations and actively engaged in meetings, developed good relation with the people from Car rental company. Education Master of Science in Computer Information Science University of Massachusetts Dartmouth - North Dartmouth, MA May 2020 Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science and Engineering Koneru Lakshmiah University - Guntur, Andhra Pradesh April 2017 Skills .Net (Less than 1 year), bootstrap (Less than 1 year), C (3 years), Database (Less than 1 year), Javascript (2 years), Jquery Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/surendra-chamakuri-17bb8616b Publications IMPLEMENTATION OF CAPTCHA BASED ON HUMAN FEELINGS https://acadpubl.eu/jsi/2017-115-6-7/articles/8/25.pdf 2017-05 This paper tries to provide a better CAPTCHA, which is easy for humans to use and difficult bots to crack.The purpose of differentiating between humans and machines has been raised due to the corrupt operations of automated bots. CAPTCHAs (Completely Automated Public Turing test to tell Computers and Humans Apart) have been introduced to overcome such problems. CAPTCHA is a computer program or framework intended to distinguish human from machine input, typically as a way of opposing spam and automated extraction of data from websites. On the other hand, different textual and images based CAPTCHAs have been cracked recently by the bots. So, this is an opportunity for the development of new anti-automation methods. In this paper, we propose simple and effective emoticon CAPTCHAs, in other words CAPTCHAs based on human feelings. Here, we use checkboxes because they are really hard for bots to analyse, this not only increases the security but also the efficiency of the system. We also discuss the pros and cons of different type of CAPTCHAs that are already available and how our new CAPTCHA can overcome the problems of the previous CAPTCHAs used.   Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  Programming Languages: C, C++, C#, Java, .Net, MATLAB  Web Technologies: HTML, Javascript, bootstrap, CSS  Operating System(s): Window, Ubuntu, LINUX  Database: SQL, Oracle  Other: Microsoft Office