UI/ Front End Developer UI/<span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> UI/ Front End Developer - Combined Insurance Chicago, IL ? Around 4 years of experience in Analysis, Design, Development, Support, Implementation and testing of Web based and Client Server applications.  ? Experience in Full software development life cycle implementation including Business interaction, Requirement Analysis, Software Architecture, Design, Development, Testing and Documentation phases on Windows platforms.  ? Expertise in designing and developing full stack web based applications using JavaScript and modern frameworks like React JS and Express JS along with RESTful Web Services.  ? Expertise on designing web pages using Responsive CSS Design, jQuery UI and Bootstrap.  ? Good working knowledge of object-oriented programming.  ? Expert knowledge of the UI design process and deliverables throughout the development lifecycle.  ? Very Strong in developing applications using HTML, HTML5, XHTML, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, YUI, XML, XSLT, Ajax.  ? Experience applying the latest software development approaches including MVC, event - driven applications using AJAX, Object Oriented (OO) JavaScript, JSON and XML.  ? Extensive experience in various UI widgets using JavaScript libraries (JQuery) and developing Rich Internet Applications RIA.  ? Good experience in JavaScript frameworks Angular JS, Backbone.js, JQuery especially AJAX driven web applications.  ? Experience in DOM (Document Object Model) as I used it in interacting with objects in HTML, XHTML and XML documents.  ? Expert in HTML5/CSS3 development and have experience in Backbone.js, angular.js, Ext.js, Responsive design.  ? Experience in designing websites with W3C standards using HTML4/5, CSS2/3 to get best cross-browser user experience for long-term user retention and engagement.  ? Experience and full understanding of Software Development Life Cycle, Agile software development methodology. Solid ability to work on Agile.  ? Extensive experience working in an Agile development environment.  ? Experience in debugging and testing the existing code.  ? Expertise in Unit testing using Karma and Mocha, Integration testing, & System testing.  ? Good expertise in writing SQL Queries, Stored Procedures, functions, packages, tables, views, triggers and data connectivity and data integration.  ? Expertise in server-side programming in CORE Java, Multithreading, Exception Handling and Collections.  ? Very good analytical capabilities and broad experience in understanding the business application and planning iterations.  ? An enthusiastic and project-oriented team leader/player with solid communication skills Motivation to take independent responsibility. Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills and can learn new technologies very fast.  ? Worked on various platforms including Windows XP, Vista, 7 and UNIX.  ? Ability to learn and master new technologies and to deliver outputs in short deadlines with excellent communication and inter personnel skills.  ? Experience of working with version control systems like Git.  ? Dynamic team player with outstanding communication and interpersonal skills.  ? Highly motivated to learn quickly new technologies and methodologies. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience UI/ Front End Developer Combined Insurance - Chicago, IL May 2017 to Present Responsibilities:  ? As a UI Developer, assisting my team in developing two different Web-based applications and managed in developing of Account landing page, Account summary/overview and Login page.  ? Responsible for building a new website for the Small fleet clients and for the maintenance of Online New Platform.  ? Functionalities include writing code in HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery and JSP making use of Bootstrap framework. My Specialty is large scale CSS, focusing on reusability and modularity.  ? Enhanced an existing AngularJS application to follow strict MVC patterns for improved source code maintenance which resulted in 40% code reduction, ease of upgrade, scalability, ease of developer spin up and enhanced performance.  ? Worked on Angular 2.0 modules, components, dependency injection etc.  ? Used Angular JS as framework to create a Single Page Application (SPA) which can bind data to specific views and synchronize data with server using Sass, LESS, Bootstrap, AngularJS  ? Integrated the service call with UI using $http and $resources which are substitutes for AJAX in angular.  ? Using SVN for version control.  ? Used TypeScript to reduce the number of lines of traditional JavaScript files. Integration of TypeScript to the whole project.  ? Used Angular.JS $http service to communicate with Restful web services and JSON data.  ? Involved in up gradation and maintenance of company's website to the new layout using the Grid orientation model Bootstrap framework.  ? Made enhancements to existing CSS and DIV tags, made upgrades using Twitter Bootstrap model.  ? Extensively used CSS (Cascading Style Sheets) along with RWD to apply different styles to the layouts for varying screen sizes and pixels.  ? Tested cross browser functionality and fixed major layout bugs for supported browsers.  ? Involved in Agile/ SCRUM based approach to UI development.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, SASS, JavaScript, JQuery, Angular 2, Bootstrap, XML, JSP, Apache Tomcat, Eclipse, Tortoise SVN. Front End Developer Centier Bank - Whiting, IN March 2016 to April 2017 Responsibilities:  ? Actively participated in life cycle development (SDLC) from implementation phase to testing and deployment.  ? Rapidly prepared and implemented product specifications, including designing and creating wire frames to visually facilitate understanding of user interactions in features and concepts.  ? Involved in building highly interactive portable widgets using HTML5, CSS3, and the latest AJAX libraries.  ? Designed and developed User Interface using JSP, CSS3, HTML5 and JavaScript. Used JavaScript DOM manipulation and JavaScript event to generate the data result in UI.  ? Developed e-mail modules using JavaScript, and hand coding of HTML5, XHTML, and CSS.  ? Developed complex, useable, attractive and cross-browser web interfaces that account for speed, file size, readability and accessibility.  ? Translated wireframes into optimized program code using HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript.  ? Implemented user interface designs from UI specifications and product requirements.  ? Designed Frontend with in object oriented JavaScript Framework like Angular.JS and Ext.JS.  ? Designed the email blasts using Adobe software and then implemented them using HTML5 and Java script.  ? Created HTML navigation menu that is role based menu items changes dynamically, derived from the database in the form of XML.  ? Successfully implemented Auto Complete/Auto Suggest functionality using Ajax, JQuery, DHTML, Web Service call.  ? Discussed various ideas/suggestions for the ongoing web sites regarding the page layout and creative design.  ? Involved in Finding out the bugs, broken links and missing images etc. and rectifying them.  ? Involved in Planning, Motivation and training the team members in the technical and functional parts.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Angular.JS, DHTML, XHTML, JQuery, Ajax, Dojo, JSF and Bootstrap UI Developer MTaj solutions - Gujarat, IN April 2014 to February 2016 Responsibilities:  ? Involved in designing the user experience interface UI/UX strategy, UI requirements, converting findings into UI designs.  ? Worked on the functionality using Angular.js.  ? Functionalities include writing code in HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery and JSP making use of Bootstrap framework. My Specialty is large scale CSS, focusing on reusability and modularity.  ? Enhanced an existing AngularJS application to follow strict MVC patterns for improved source code maintenance which resulted in 40% code reduction, ease of upgrade, scalability, ease of developer spin up and enhanced performance.  ? Used the Angular.js MVC Frameworks in the development of the web applications.  ? Involved in up gradation and maintenance of company's website to the new layout using the Grid orientation model Bootstrap framework.  ? Extensively used CSS (Cascading Style Sheets) along with RWD to apply different styles to the layouts for varying screen sizes and pixels.  ? Developed web applications using Restful and SOAP protocols.  ? Refine and iterate user experience by designing and implementing new modules and interfaces in a complex, responsive site.  ? Tested cross browser functionality and fixed major layout bugs for supported browsers.  ? Developed the pages that are complaint to W3C and ADA section 508(c) standards.  ? Involved in Agile/ SCRUM based approach to UI development.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Angular.js, Gulp, GIT, Code Cloud, JIRA, Quality Control Education Bachelor's Skills BOOTSTRAP (3 years), HTML5 (3 years), JAVASCRIPT (3 years), jQuery (3 years), AJAX (2 years) Additional Information Technical Skills:  Web  HTML5, CSS3, SASS, WordPress, JavaScript, Responsive Design, AJAX, jQuery, Bootstrap, React JS, Redux, ES5, ES6, Express JS and Passport JS, , Babel, JSX    Server Apache Tomcat  Version Control Git  IDE & Other Tools Sublime, Android Studio, Eclipse, MySQL Workbench Editor, Heroku, AWS, Webpack  Testing Karma and Mocha  Package Manager NPM    Operating Systems Windows Variants, Linux, Unix