Front End Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End Developer - Comcast Philadelphia, PA Work Experience Front End Developer Comcast - Philadelphia, PA November 2018 to Present Working on a next generation (Zeta) content Management system (CMS), which is powering 12 different sites across Comcast. This system offers an intuitive user interface with many options to ease content management tasks for website team/content managers.  ? Developed the User Interface using HTML 5, Bootstrap, JavaScript, jQuery and AJAX. Used SASS as a CSS preprocessor.  ? Created new JSP views to incorporate backend functionality to display on the UI screens using the client rich technologies like jQuery, JavaScript, HTML, CSS files.  ? Worked with NPM commands and using package.json for managing dependencies and dev-dependencies of node.js applications.  ? Worked on Cross Browser Issues for different versions of IE, Mozilla and Chrome.  ? Implemented a feature that keeps track of all published content, updates and deletes with comprehensive and immutable logs.  ? Built discussion forum for internal Comcast members to reflect on organization initiatives, express opinions, share thoughts and resources.  ? For application strengthening developed core functionalities like indexing, search and retrieval, format management, revision control, and publishing.  ? Working knowledge on steel cloud server, setting up Load Balancers, DNS and CDN (cache setup) for various applications  ? Coordinated project delivery between production, post-production and technical teams ensuring that content is precise and received within the required time frame.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, AJAX, JSON, XHTML, XML, Windows, Eclipse IDE. UI Developer American Express - Phoenix, AZ January 2018 to October 2018 Developed user interface by using the ReactJS, Redux for SPA development and implemented client side Interface using ReactJS.  ? Interacted with Testing Team, Scrum Masters and Business Analysts for fixing of Issues.  ? Worked on React JS Virtual Dom and React views, rendering using components which contains additional components called custom HTML tags.  ? Involved in designing applications by building re-usable UI Components.  ? Used JSX, created react components.  ? Used ReactJS Components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router as part of the project.  ? Designed CSS templates for use in all pages on the website working with CSS Background, positioning, text, border, margin, padding, and table.  ? Responsible to Style, look and feel of the web page with SASS that extends CSS with dynamic behavior such as variable, mixing, operations and functions.  ? Applied optimization techniques to reduce page size and load times to enhance user experience using sprites.  ? Worked on responsive design and developed a single ISOMORPHIC responsive website that could be served to desktop, Tablets and mobile users using React.js.  ? Maintained states in the stores and dispatched the actions using redux.  ? Implemented the Drag and Drop functionality using React-Draggable.  ? Developed user interface by using the React JS, Flux for SPA development. Performed server-side JavaScript with Node.JS.  ? Component for UX-Library consisted of Button, Checkbox, Input, Icons, Toggle Button, Dropdown, Multi-Level Dropdown and many more.  ? In Phase Two, worked closely with the Back- End team to display data using the Custom Components, library Components, and Redux.  ? Used Middleware, Redux-Promise in application to retrieve data from Back- End and to also perform RESTFUL services.  ? Implemented react JS code to handle cross browser compatibility issues in Mozilla, IE 7, 8, 9, Safari and FF.  ? Used GIT for Source Control.  Environment: React.js, Node.js, HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, NPM, JSON, Webpack, JIRA. Front End Developer Teleflora August 2016 to December 2017 Designed the Web application layout and forms using HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript.  ? Used Cascading Style Sheet (CSS) in web pages to separate presentation from structure.  ? Handled all the client-side validations, slide show, hide and show controls, dropdown menus and tab navigation using JQuery.  ? Used Waterfall methodology as a Software Development Life Cycle and involved in requirement gathering, designing, coding, and testing.  ? Created Mockups and Wireframes for the development of variations of a layout to maintain design consistency throughout the site.  ? Used AJAX to refresh only certain section of the page and reduce the load on the web server  ? Responsible for transforming design mock-ups to W3C standards compliant HTML pages using HTML, XHTML and CSS.  ? Wrote code to fetch data from Web services using JQuery, AJAX via JSON response and updating the HTML pages.  ? Performed XML Transformations from value objects to XML and from XML to HTML data.  ? Designed and developed views, controller and model components implementing MVC Frameworks. Responsible for the process of UI design for Internet sites and applications. Education Master of Science in Computer Engineering Oklahoma Christian University December 2016 Bachelor of Technology in Electronicd and Communications Engineering Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University - Hyderabad, Telangana April 2014 Skills Ajax. (1 year), Apache (Less than 1 year), Bootstrap (1 year), Dreamweaver (Less than 1 year), Excel (Less than 1 year), Frameworks. (1 year), Git (Less than 1 year), Html 5 (2 years), Http (Less than 1 year), Javascript (2 years), Jira. (Less than 1 year), jquery (1 year), json (2 years), Microsoft office (Less than 1 year), Ms office (Less than 1 year), Powerpoint (Less than 1 year), Tomcat (Less than 1 year), Visual studio. (Less than 1 year), web server (1 year), UI, Angular, React, Front-End, Front End, CSS3, Node, HTML5, User Interface