UI Developer UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> UI Developer - Propel App Technologies Sacramento, CA • Proficiency in JavaScript core concepts and DOM manipulation  • Implemented CSS grids without using any CSS frameworks following W3C Standards  • Experience in using React JS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, plus Redux, Animations and Flux concept.  • Good Experience in React JS for creating interactive UI's using One-way data flow, Virtual DOM, JSX, React Native concepts.  • Expertise in React Component for UX-Library consisted of Button, Checkbox, Input, Icons, Toggle Button, Dropdown, Multi-Level Dropdown and many more.  • Used JIRA for bug tracking and issue tracking.  • Used Node Package Manager (NPM) to manage modules & used it to install useful tools as Grunt, and Express. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience UI Developer Propel App Technologies April 2017 to Present Building business applications for multinational companies with 80M+ customers across globe by designing web based front end layer. Served clients like Varian Medical system, intuit  • Led the development and adoption of Angular for a dashboard web app.  • Developed the Inventory system for daily tracking of inventory in real time by using web framework Angular. Performed requirement analysis and improved user experience  • Designed delivery system to track the items which led to improve efficiency by 20 % and led to fast processing of items. Utilized Google Maps API to create custom tracking for client. Implemented by using Angular, Typescript  • Worked on responsive design and developed a single ISOMORPHIC responsive website that Could be served to desktop, Tablets and mobile users using React.JS  • Working with React Router for developing Single Page Applications SPAs.  • Developed React.JS applications using Redux architecture for front- end UI, and Node.js applications for backend.  • Led JavaScript development governing all frontend code to be modular and maintainable and monitor the performance  • Built scalable APIs using TypeScript to fetch vendor record details; secured APIs through authorization  • Re-architected the front end code to bring all the vendors into one platform using Angular and Typescript  • Created User authentication service with JWT and single sign-on services  • Overhauled performance of the app that serves 100k requests per month, to reduce page load speed by 25%  • Reducing codebase by 30% to improve email sending, code maintainability and site reliability.  • Developed Single Page Application (SPA) using Angular and injected generic services using Angular 5  • Implemented Google Firebase to record claimant information into cloud Database and authentication.    Environment: HTML5, JavaScript, CSS3, Wireframe, Bootstrap, TypeScript, Angular, SASS, Gulp, Agile, Jira, GIT, Firebase. Front End Developer Learn Beyond - South Plainfield, NJ June 2016 to April 2017 Provides products and services to various businesses. Management of educational application to enhance consumer usability for courses management systemPart of the Mean stack development team for Angular, JavaScript ES6 web app.  • Education portal management to track all the courses registered by consumers and designing real-time tracking engine on the course registration. Created various Angular services to maintain decoupling of the application  • Ensured 100% latency and throughput by introducing effective monitoring tools and avoiding application re-rendering on every page load  • Optimized business performance by 25% by designing application in the constraints of User experience  • Wrote application level code to interact with backend and consume JSON by using RxJS Observables  • Resolved memory leaks and optimized run time performance by using change detention and component lifecycles    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Angular, Node, Express, Mongoose, MongoDB Front End Developer Strawberry Branding November 2013 to December 2014 • Turned designer wireframes into pixel-perfect, fully-functional, responsive UI for large-scale web applications  • Designed the front- end applications, user interactive (UI) web pages using web technologies like HTML5, CSS, JavaScript  • Experience using different jQuery and bootstrap plugins for the web pages.  • Integrated with the back- end code using JQUERY, JSON and AJAX to get and post the data to backend servers.  • Developing and testing websites for multiple browser support.  • Performed client-side validations using JavaScript.  • Coded JavaScript for page functionality and Pop up Screens and used HTML5 to make dropdown menus on web pages and display part of a web page upon user request  • Defined text alignment, size, borders and many other typographic characteristics.    Environment: HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, JSON, AJAX, Photoshop Education Master of Science in Computer and Information Science Southern Arkansas University - Magnolia, AR 2016 Bachelor of Technology in Technology Jawaharlal Technological University - Hyderabad, Telangana 2013 Skills FRONT END (3 years), HTML5 (3 years), JAVASCRIPT (3 years), FIREBASE (1 year), Git (1 year), Angular, React, UI, Front-End Links http://www.github.com/techesuraj http://surajgantedi.me Additional Information TECHNICAL PROFILE  Web Technologies HTML5, CSS3, LESS, SASS, SCSS, JavaScript, TypeScript, jQuery, Firebase.  Libraries and Frameworks Angular, Node JS, Express, Lodash, TypeScript  IDEs and Tools Microsoft Visual Studio, IntelliJ, Notepad++, Sublime Text, Atom.  Debugging Tools Firebug, Chrome Developer Tools, POSTMAN  Version Control Git  Front End Tools Adobe Photoshop CC, illustrator, Sketch, Invision, Axure