Front End Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End Developer - McKesson Irving, TX • Around 4 years of experience in web development as a UI Developer, Frontend developer, and Web developer in various environments.  • Front End / UI Web Developer with extensive experience in UI Development, Web design, Web Development, and testing web pages with Usability standards.  • Experience in web development with a strong background working on open source technologies, including HTML/HTML5, CSS3, Cross Browser Compatibility, DOM, XML, XHTML, DHTML, JavaScript, JQuery, Angular 2.0, Angular JS, Node JS, React JS, Ext.js, Redux etc.  • Extensive knowledge in JavaScript and JQuery plugins, AJAX, dynamic HTML, JSON, Angular.js, Backbone.js, Bootstrap and Node.js  • Strong problem-solving ability and analytical skills and able to integrate quickly into team and work independently toward team goals.  • Proficient in developing web pages quickly and efficiently using: HTML 5, CSS 3, JavaScript, AngularJS and jQuery while making webpage responsive and cross browser compatibility.  • Expert-level knowledge of cross-browser, cross-platform compatibility and design constraints and Google analytics. Developed RWD using Media Queries and Bootstrap.  • Experience in working with templating engines like jQuery Templates, jQuery Grow, jQuery Element and Tumbles YouTube Plugin.  • Worked on all phases of Software Development Life Cycle SDLC including requirements gathering through client interaction, Design, Documentation, Development, Integration, Testing, Configuration and Production Support.  • Experience in major web applications servers, including Apache Tomcat, JBoss and WebLogic.  • Participated in development of a well responsive single page application using Bootstrap framework, and jQuery in conjunction with HTML5, CSS3 standards, with front- end UI team.  • Proficient in developing web page quickly and effectively using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Responsive Web Design (RWD), and experience in making webpage cross browser compatible.  • Development and implementation of web and mobile applications using HTML/ HTML 5, CSS / CSS 3.0, JavaScript, XML, AJAX, JQuery and JSON.  • Using the HTML5 elements for video playback, content rendering using semantic tags such as article, section, Canvas etc.  • Integrated the Java code (API) in JSP pages and responsible for setting up Angular JS framework for UI development. Developed html views with HTML5, CSS3, bootstrap and Angular JS.  • Implemented code according to coding standards and Created Angular JS Controller Which Isolate scopes perform operations.  • Used AngularJS as framework to create a Single Page Application (SPA), which can bind data to specific views and synchronize data with server. Work Experience Front End Developer McKesson - Irving, TX December 2017 to Present • Participated in meetings with the end-clients to develop layout, color scheme for the web page and implemented them with the help of HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript.  • Built Web pages that are more user-interactive using jQuery plugins for Drag and Drop, Auto Complete, JSON, Angular, React JS, JavaScript, Bootstrap.  • Functionalities include writing code in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, JSF and testing the functionalities using JUnit.  • Created web services and desktop applications to access and display data needed by support teams using, Ajax, JavaScript, JQuery, Angular, Node.js, Java, CSS and HTML.  • Worked in front- end integration projects using the JavaScript MVC frameworks and HTML5, Bootstrap, CSS3, JavaScript, DOM, and Ajax technologies and methodologies.  • Designed/developed a consumer receipt organizer and retail promotion application for mobile devices with HTML 5, CSS 3.0, and JQuery Mobile.  • Designed and developed User Interface Web Forms using CSS, jQuery and JavaScript.  • Created various web page layouts using HTML, and CSS.  • Implemented validations using JavaScript.  • Work collaboratively with development teams on rapid prototyping with HTML, CSS and JavaScript.  • Developer mobile site for marketing campaigns by using JQuery Mobile.  • Involved in migrating Order Management System application from Angular 1.x to React - Redux with new layout on the electrode platform by Confidential Labs.  • Creating view layer with different components. Drop down list, search bar, log in, forms all these are implemented through react components.  • Using babel for transpiring JSX and ES6 syntax to get compatible with modern browsers Front End UI developer Humana August 2016 to November 2017 Forth Worth, TX    • Wrote maintainable and extensible code in an Agile environment based on client requirements.  • Collaborated with team members to improve UI of the existing websites in a timely manner and made it responsive with AngularJS and PHP framework.  • Ensured cross-browser, cross platform and multiple device type compatibility for the websites and perform quality assurance on finished sites.  • Benefited with the clients by describing the boundaries of the applications through data flow right from capturing and processing to reporting.  • Designed the Web application layout and forms using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, jQuery.  • Coordinated with BA group for better understanding of functional requirements analyzed and designed the business requirements to documented and implemented.  • Worked with business analysts to understand their business models and goals and help define strategy, content, and features.  • Code websites, create wireframes, storyboards to demonstrate the user journey, actions and contexts and comps to design UX/UI, produce Flash and jQuery animations.  • Extensive experience in designing professional UI web applications using technologies like HTML, CSS, JavaScript, XML, jQuery, and Bootstrap.  • Creation of page templates, CSS style sheets, HTML & platform-specific presentation layer code, content and style guides as a hands-on team member throughout development and implementation.  • Developed non-functional HTML, CSS pages from the mockups and involved in UI review with UI architect and Business Units.  • Used advanced level of HTML5, JavaScript, CSS3 and pure CSS layouts.  • Responsible for creating the screens with table less design following W3C standards.  • Wrote application level code to perform client-side validation using jQuery and JavaScript.  • Extensive usage of JavaScript, Angular.JS, Typescript, Bootstrap, jQuery/AJAX, JSON, HTML4/5,  • CSS2/3.  • The front- end use HTML5, CSS3, LESS and Bootstrap to build a single page web app that communicate with back- end via REST API.  • Developed different components through Angular-CLI for the web application. Software Developer July 2013 to June 2015 India    • Developed a responsive website for a cotton export company in India providing publicity for their products to increase sales.  • Created an informative MVC based architecture for the sales of various cotton products.  • Active participant in optimizing SQL and establishing indexes for better performance.  • Incorporation of this website increased the sales by approximately 40% in both domestic and global markets.  • Experience in Web Technologies using HTML, CSS and PHP.  • Experience in Database Development using SQL, Stored Procedures, Functions and Triggers.  • Experience in Unit, Integration, System, Regression, and Database testing.  • Excellent Client interaction skills and proven experience in working independently as well as in a team.  • Tested cross browser functionality and fixed major layout bugs for supported browsers.  • Involved in requirement gathering and analysis of the requirements of the system.  • Took Active part in Design and Development phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC).  • Involved in creating Use cases, Class Diagrams, and Sequence Diagrams for the system using UML.  • Data stored and managed in back- end MySQL database and the front- end user interface using WinForms (C#).  • Implemented the database connectivity using JDBC.  • Involved in an AGILE based approach to UI Development, completed defined user stories in rally successfully and fixed defects in HPQC. Education Master of Science in Computer Science in Computer Science The University of Texas at Arlington - Arlington, TX Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Science in Computer Science University of Mumbai Skills Ajax (2 years), Bootstrap. (2 years), testing (3 years), UI (3 years), User Interface (4 years) Additional Information SKILLS    UI Technology: HTML5, CSS3, SASS, LESS, Bootstrap, JavaScript, jQuery    Libraries & frameworks: AngularJS 1.x/2.0/4.0, React, Node.js    Reporting Tools: D3.js, Angular Fusion Charts    Web Services Technologies: Chart.js XML, JSON, AJAX, REST    Databases: MySQL, MongoDB    Version Control Tools: GIT, SVN    Unit Testing Tools: Jasmine, QUnit, Karma, Mocha, Chai    Task runner & Bundler: Gulp, Grunt, Webpack    Development Methodologies: Agile, Scrum, TDD, BDD    Deployment Operating Systems: Amazon Web Services (AWS), Windows, Linux, Mac OS    IDEs: Eclipse, Vim, WebStorm, NetBeans, Sublime