UI Developer UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End Web Developer/ UI Developer Carrollton, TX * Around 3 years of experience as a Frontend Web Developer/UI Developer in designing and developing dynamic web pages using HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript, JSON, JQUERY, AJAX, JSON, AngularJS/Angular 2, ReactJS, NodeJS, Bootstrap, Typescript, DOM, LESS/SASS, Java, PHP, Adobe Photoshop, Git, RESTful Web APIs, Adobe Illustrator.  * Highly skilled in developing Single Page Applications(SPA) using Angular structural framework.  * Designed pages using AngularJS Forms, Validations, Modules, Events, Expressions, Directives, Controllers, filters and Http Request.  * Expertise in developing web user Interface using HTML, table less XHTML, DHTML, CSS3, JavaScript and browser compatible.  * Extensive experience in AJAX and JSON in building interactive web applications and retrieving data.  * Good Understanding knowledge on Angular 4.  * Expert in designing web applications & contents utilizing various Search Engine Optimization (SEO) techniques.  * Worked with CSS pre-processors like LESS, SASS/SCSS.  * Better understanding of GRUNT and GULP.  * Extensive experience in developing and implementing SOAP and RESTful Web Services using different Frameworks and connecting to Database.  * A solid background in database in the use of various relational databases like Oracle, DB2, SQL Server.  * Proficient in designing and developing web pages and experienced in making web pages which are cross browser compatible and device independent using Bootstrap.  * Good knowledge in creating style guides, best practices and setting UI standards for enterprise/consumer applications.  * Working knowledge with third party web services APIs and Web Services using AJAX and JQUERY.  * Excellent experience in creating Dynamic Wireframes, HTML Wireframes, Dynamic Screenshots and Sitemaps.  * Worked in Test Driven Development using Mocha, Jasmine, Karma, Chai frameworks.  * Extensive experience in Software development life cycle(SDLC) and Agile. Actively participated In SCRUM sessions.  * Expertise in using various IDE's such as Notepad++, Eclipse, NetBeans, Adobe- Dreamweaver, Microsoft Visual studio, Atom, Sublime.    * Created complex JIRA workflows including project workflows, screen schemes, permission scheme and notification schemes in JIRA.  * Developed database connection and SQL Queries to create dynamic content on web pages.  * Adhere to W3C standards and follow best practices when developing web pages.  * Debug the application using Firebug to traverse the documents and manipulated the Nodes  using DOM and DOM Functions.  * Experience with Configuration Management and Version Control tools like Git, SVN, CVS. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience UI Developer Florida Institute of Technology - Melbourne, FL May 2016 to December 2016 Florida Tech is a private university that has different academic divisions with emphases on science, technology, engineering, mathematics, and aviation. My role is responsible for designing, developing, maintaining and updating a variety of websites by working with college Design and Development team, doing research and documentation, completing the tasks assigned by the team.   ? Experienced in Model View Controller (MVC) frameworks such as AngularJS for creating Single Page Application (SPA). Used HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript, AngularJS and Angular 2 for our prototype- working model.  ? Expert in web page layout creation using CSS media queries and Bootstrap for responsive design.  ? Implemented client-side scripting using JavaScript and jQuery.  ? Developed well responsive single page applications using AngularJS, Twitter Bootstrap.  ? Designed and Developed Web Applications using CSS3 and with the style sheet management frameworks like SASS and LESS.   ? Worked on JavaScript framework (Angular JS, Angular 2, Backbone, Bootstrap) to augment browser based applications with MVC capability.   ? Used JIRA for bug tracking and issue tracking.  ? Developed application level code to interact with backend(Java) code AJAX and JSON via web servers and APIs  ? Expertise with Bootstrap grid system for the responsive web design to make the web application mobile friendly.   ? Used ANGULAR JS and consumed Restful Web Services which are created out of NODE API.   ? Used AJAX extensively to implement front end /user interface features in the application.  ? Responsible for designing, developing, maintaining and updating a variety of websites as assigned by the organization.  ? Build client websites with WordPress.  ? Coordinated various web pages with appropriate links and multimedia elements in collaboration with design team members.  ? Collaborate with designers to create clean interfaces and simple, intuitive interactions and experiences.  ? Employed strong analytical and conflict resolution skills to identify, track, report, and resolve critical issues in a timely manner.  ? Utilized strong problem solving and critical thinking skills to understand business needs and translate them into technology solutions.    Environment: HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript, AngularJS, Angular 2, AJAX, JSON, JIRA. Front End UI Developer AngularJS - Bengaluru, Karnataka August 2014 to December 2015 The project is to provide simple, secure and scalable solutions to help connect, mobilize, manage and promote their business by keeping track of their customers and their bundles, designing and developing the web pages for their network, resolving the code and database related issues, database operations and maintaining their database.  ? Involved in different phases of Software Development Life cycle (SDLC) including Design, Implementation and Testing during the development of software applications.  ? Created webpages according to client's guidelines and standards throughout the development and maintenance of the website using HTML/HTML5, XHTML, CSS/CSS3 and JavaScript.  ? Experience in applying the latest development approaches including Model-View-Control, event-driven applications using AngularJS, AJAX, Object-oriented JavaScript and JSON.  ? Worked with Bootstrap for compiling CSS, REST API, JavaScript and building the System with the convenient methods with Angular JS.  ? Designed pages using AngularJS Forms, Validations, Modules, Events, Expressions, Directives, Controllers, filters and HTTP Request.  ? Followed Agile methodology and scrum team structure. Involved in modifying, updating and testing of the component.  ? Created required templates and reusable style sheets based on UI standards and company's requirements.  ? Developed web pages with functionalities like login, register, forget password, Email, Filters using JavaScript, jQuery, CSS/CSS3 and HTML/HTML5.  ? Worked on Cross Browser compatibility issues and debugging those issues.  ? Implemented for a validation using JavaScript and Regular Expressions.   ? Experience in create wireframes and UI mock-ups for review with the end-users.    ? Coordinating development and reviewing service level targets and ensuring timely closure of priority tickets.  ? Developed database connection and SQL Queries to create dynamic content on web pages.  ? Knowledge on relational databases, schema, views, triggers, procedures, functions, query chaining, joins, with also an understanding of MySQL databases.   ? Running the data analysis by utilizing the modifying the existing query models and reporting to the client based on the needs.  ? Ensured that application runs as expected in various browsers using Karma. Used Grunt to test JavaScript  ? Assessed business problems, and translated them into specific system requirements to find technology/automation solutions that were cost effective and met business needs.     Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Java, jQuery, AJAX, PHP, AngularJS, Node.js, D3.js, Bootstrap,   RESTful, Karma, Oracle 10g, SQL, Grunt, Photoshop, Git. Front End Developer Internship Bharat Electronics Limited - Bengaluru, Karnataka January 2014 to June 2014 Worked as a Project trainee in the Naval Communication Services department. Worked on an internal project module of the “Power Monitoring and Management of a Personal Digital Assistant”. As a part of the project I had to study and monitor the various performance parameters of the Power of the PDA and generate the reports.  ? Creation of highly Usable, Accessible, X-Browser, X-Resolution compatible web applications using (X)HTML, DHTML, CSS, JavaScript, JavaScript Libraries.  ? Translated wireframes into optimized program code using XHTML, CSS, JavaScript and DHTML.  ? Worked closely with system analyst to understand the technical requirements of the projects  ? Tested of websites for W3C validation and testing it in major browsers like Firefox, IE7, IE8 and Opera.  ? Used jQuery to make the HTML, DHTML and CSS code interact with the JavaScript functions to add dynamism to the web pages at the client side.  ? Created a picture viewing website for this project using XHTML, CSS, JavaScript, AngularJS, PHP and popular APIs like Facebook, Twitter and Flickr.  ? Created user friendly and secure web application and a back- end database to allow the employees to make updates to sites and manage device information.  ? Used AJAX and JSON to make asynchronous calls to the project server to fetch data on the fly.  ? Developed and maintained corporate intranet and internet websites.  ? Done the design, development and testing phases of Software Development using AGILE methodology and Test-Driven Development (TDD).  ? Responsible for developing the user interface and documentation efforts for all the web-based and desktop applications.   ? Designed, created and implemented custom Interwoven Team Site modifications to fully automate such activities as publishing, deploying, and updating online content (HTML, JavaScript).  ? Creating new database driven websites, maintaining and enhancing the websites developed by the company.  ? Co-ordinate with QA for testing, Production releases, Application deployment and integration.  ? Provided quality web design and development services as well as hardware and software troubleshooting and repair.  ? Successfully gathered the requirements and made sure that all of them are met in the application  ? Consistently exceeded expectations ensuring projects were on time, on budget, compliant to standards, and met business needs.     Environment: XHTML, DHTML, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, AngularJS, PHP, Ajax, JSON, TDD, AGILE. Education Master's Florida Institute of Technology - Melbourne, FL May 2017 Bachelor's Visveswaraya Technological University June 2014 Skills AJAX (2 years), CSS/CSS3 (3 years), HTML/HTML5 (3 years), JAVASCRIPT (3 years), jQuery (2 years), AngularJS (2 years), React JS (1 year), Java (2 years), PHP (2 years), MySQL (2 years), Angular 2 (1 year) Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/ranjith-kumar-sakala-88473013a Additional Information Technical Skills    Web Technologies HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript, XHTML, AJAX, XML, JSON, Grunt, Gulp, Karma, Jasmine, PHP  Frameworks jQuery, AngularJS, Angular 2, Angular 4, Bootstrap, Backbone.js, React.js, NodeJS    Operating Systems Windows, Linux, Unix  IDE Editors Eclipse IDE, Notepad++, Adobe Dreamweaver, Net Beans IDE, Atom, Sublime, Microsoft visual Studio, PowerShell.  Databases Oracle 11g, SQL Server, My SQL server  Java Technologies Core Java, J2EE and RESTful Web services  Web Servers HTTP Web Server, Apache Tomcat, Web logic  Web Browsers Chrome, Firefox, Opera, Safari, IE  FTP/SFTP FileZilla, Putty, WinSCP  Web Responsive, Mobile-first UI, Web 2.0, Cross-browser, Cross-device  Content Management Sys WordPress, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Dreamweaver  SDLC Waterfall, Agile, Scrum  Version Tools JIRA, CVS, Git