Front- End developer <span class="hl">Front</span>-<span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">developer</span> Front- End developer NJ • 5 years plus of diverse experience as a Front- End/UI developer and Mobile Application Developer using web technologies like HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX and JSON that follows W3C standards.  • Proven ability to work efficiently in both independent and team environment.  • Proven ability as Effective team member, learner, and initiator, comfortable with leading or collaborating, Keen learner.  • Expertise in JavaScript framework like Sencha Touch and ExtJs.  • Expertise in JavaScript libraries like ReactJS and jQuery.  • Experienced with Advanced JavaScript(including prototype based inheritance, event delegation, closures, AJAX, JSON)  • Experience with FireBug, Chrome inspector and JavaScript debugging techniques.  • Full and extensive responsive web design/Hybrid and development from desktop, tablet to mobile. (iOS and Android).  • Experience with platform like Cordova to build Native Mobile Applications using HTML5, CSS and JavaScript.  • Skilled at analyzing and solving browser compatibility challenges and possesses ability to maintain consistency and well commented HTML and CSS mark up.  • Experienced in optimization Mobile/Hybrid as well as web applications.  • Test pages with IE, Safari, Firefox, Chrome for browser compatibly, layout and design issues. Designed a Validated application as per proper w3c and HTML5 standard and modified pages as per rules and validation.  • Gathering information through Research & Analysis, Heuristic Evaluation, Creating Wireframe, inner-pages layout and revamp etc.  • Has participated in the complete Agile/SCRUM product development lifecycle of successfully launched web/mobile applications.  • Strived for elegance and simplicity in code while focusing on scalability, readability and standard complicity.  • Experience in maintaining and developing content for responsive CMS sites.  • Positive work attitude, highly motivated and a team player with good technical and analytical skills.  • Multitask oriented with strong competitive drive and work ethic to succeed.  • Quickly adapting to new technologies, environment and facing new challenges.  • Good command over tools like phpStorm, Sublime, Eclipse, NodeJs, Notepad++, Sublime, Jira, Stash, Git and BitBucket.  • Effective communication with client, cross-functional teams to achieve project priorities/timelines  • Excellent problem resolution and communication skills with ability to work under pressure in a highly visible role. Work Experience Front- End developer Verizon Data Services - Irving, TX June 2016 to December 2016 Description: Verizon Design and Developed an app called CTC and AAA where technician on field can order, maintain or repair the jobs for both east and west coast including features such as electronics customer signature, estimated invoice, barcode scanning, tech2tech and GPS.    Responsibility: UIdevelopment in HTML5, ReactJS, CSS3 and Object Oriented JavaScript.  • Followed agile method for software designing.  • Analyzed issues & risks and managed to come up with a resolution during team discussions.  • Implemented design using cross-browser HTML5, CSS3 and Object Oriented JavaScript and jQuery in a standard, maintainable and compliant way, which helped, solves cross browser compatibility issues.  • Performed client-side validation using JavaScript and jQuery.  • Designed boxy popup using jQuery.  • Used AJAX with jQuery to parse JSON object to Dynamic overlay contents on web pages.  • Used JavaScript, CSS3 and jQuery for Web development and JSON formatted data.  • Developed the Queue mechanism for handling database intensive operations at middleware using java.  • Responsible for writing Ajax web services.  • Coordinated with the Business, Quality Assurance & Operations departments to ensure smooth running of the development process.  • Used SQL Loader to load bulk of data into Oracle database. Front- End developer AppAspect - Gujarat, IN September 2013 to July 2015 Description: StudyTime is a web application where the students see the real test questions along with the pre - assessment screens. It talks to the server and per the answer provided by the user, generates the next question  Responsibility: UIdevelopment in, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript and Bootstrap  • Followed agile methodology for App Development.  • Responsible for creating responsive layout mainly using CSS3 and bootstrap.  • Designed and developed purely SPA (Single Page Application) using HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript, jQuery and Bootstrap.  • Used SAAS (Syntactically Awesome Style Sheet) to organized CSS using Compass as Framework.  • Created nested-rules, inline imports, mixins and variable to organized and avoid duplicating CSS properties.  • Taking advantage of HTML5 APIs such as: Network Information API, Vibration API, Full Screen API, Local Storage and Geo Location API.  • Actively using AJAX with jQuery and JSON Data structure at client side.  • Used RESTful backend services with Backbone.  • Responsible for writing JASMINE UNIT TEST cases for modules and functions.  • Responsible for writing store procedures and Oracle SQL queries to perform DB operations.  • Used JIRA for bug tracking and application enhancement. UI/Mobile Application Developer 7DayShop - Gujarat, IN June 2011 to August 2013 Description: 7DayShopisa hybrid Mobile web application based on Sencha Touch framework and was all about eCommerce with the functionalities like checkout process, PayPal integration, custom options, bundle options, global search, order management, routes and desktop to mobile URL translation.  Responsibility: Design and development in Sencha Touch, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript and Cordova  • Followed agile method for software designing.  • Followed Agile methodology for App development.  • Implemented design using HTML5, CSS3, Object-oriented JavaScript and jQuery.  • Effectively used AJAX with JavaScript to parse JSON object to Dynamic overlay contents on web pages.  • Developed personal code library using JavaScript, which comprised of all commonly used functions and features such as: Sharing content (Facebook, Twitter, Google +) also include push notification and application tracking and rating function.  • Developed several Mobile Application animation using Sencha Touch, JavaScript and CSS3.  • Designed and developed client side E-Commerce functionalities such as checkout process, PayPal integration, custom option, bundle options, global search, order management, routes and desktop to mobile URL translation.  • Developed cross-platform integration (Sencha Touch-to-Android and Sencha Touch-to-iOS) to use mobile devices' native functions like camera and GPS using Cordova.  • Experienced working with HTML5 APIs such as Local Storage, Full screen API and Geo Location API.  • Experienced working with JIRA and BitBucket for project management and bug tracking. Education Masters of Science in Computer Science in Computer Science Lamar University - Beaumont, TX May 2017 Bachelors of Engineering in Information Technology in Information Technology Gujarat University - Gujarat, IN July 2011 Skills Adobe Photoshop (Less than 1 year), Android (2 years), database (Less than 1 year), HTML5 (4 years), jQuery (4 years) Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS    Languages /Technologies HTML5, CSS3, Java-Script, jQuery, JSX, React JS, Java, C  Tool/IDE phpStorm, Eclipse, Android Studio, Notepad++, Xcode, Sublime Editor  Database SQLite  Miscellaneous Adobe Photoshop CS5