Front End/ UI Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span>/ UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End/ UI Developer - Regions Bank Irvine, CA • Over 3 years of experience in UI development, Frontend development, rich user interface design, development, web specifications and documentation.  • Experience in Software life cycle phases like Requirement Analysis, Implementation and estimating the time-lines for the project.  • Proficient in building Web User Interface (UI) using HTML5, CSS3, DHTML, table less XHTML and JavaScript that follows W3C Web Standards and are browser compatible.  • Expert in working with cutting edge front- end technologies/ framework and libraries like JQuery, Prototype, DWR 2.0, (X)HTML, DHTML, OO JavaScript, JSON, DOM, CSS, XML/XSLT, AJAX.  • Expertise in building strong websites confirming Web standards using Yahoo User Interface (YUI) Framework, JQuery, HTML, XHTML, DHTML & CSS to develop valid code and table-free sites.  • Experience in Web 2.0 applications like blog maintenance, Library Management, social networking using HTML, DHTML, JavaScript.  • Explored new features and gained good knowledge in Angular 2/4/5/6.  • Skillful in Angular Features like creating custom Directives, Pipes, Dependency Injection, Modules and expertise in implementing Lazy Loading and Routing.  • Expert in HTML5/CSS3 development and have experience in Angular.js, Backbone.js, Node.js, Ext JS, Responsive web design.  • Experience on working with CSS Background, CSS Layouts, CSS positioning, CSS text, CSS border, CSS margin, CSS padding, CSS table, Pseudo classes, Pseudo elements and CSS behaviors in CSS.  • Extensive experience in creating style guides, best practices and setting UI standards for enterprise/consumer applications.  • Experienced in working in AGILE based development environment and participating in Scrum sessions.  • Ability to write well-documented, well-commented, clear and maintainable efficient code for web development.  • Strong communication, collaboration & team building skills with proficiency in grasping new technical concepts quickly.  • Self-starter always inclined to learn new technologies and Team Player with very good communication, organizational and interpersonal skills. Work Experience Front End/ UI Developer Regions Bank - Birmingham, AL July 2018 to Present Responsibilities:  • Involved in various phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) of the application like Requirement gathering, Design, Analysis and Code development.  • Developed mockups and prototypes using HTML5 and CSS3.  • Responsible for creating efficient design and developing User Interaction screens using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery AJAX, JSON.  • Transformed design mock-ups into cross-browser compatible HTML5/CSS3 layouts and implemented dynamic elements and reusable libraries with JavaScript, JQuery.  • Extensively involved in redesigning the entire site with CSS styles for consistent look and feel across all browsers and all pages.  • Worked on Web/User Interface development using AJAX, HTML5, XHTML, DHTML, CSS3, Java Script.  • Designed and Developed Java Script frame work which is wrapper on top of JQUERY frame work and AJAX based UI frame work for UI Configuration widgets.  • Developed client side Angular.js, and Angular 6 services to implement custom business logic for reusable components.  • Written Typescript classes to construct Angular 5/6 Components.  • Used Angular 5 features such as lazy loading module and resolve guard to deliver better performance and user experience.  • Created forms to collect and validate data from the user in HTML5 and AngularJS.  • Worked on the modernization of a legacy and outsourced UI technologies used were Angular.js, EXT JS, and JQuery.  • Created a pagination module for pages using Angular.JS so that the data coming from the backend is organized.  • Worked with CSS3 and bootstrap to create Responsive Web Designs for multiple departments/pages.  • Involved in Dynamic form generation, Auto completion of forms, and user-validation functionalities using AJAX.  • Used AJAX frameworks like JQuery, JSON to develop rich GUIs and involved in performance tuning the website.  • Developed different Jquery component in MVC micro architecture framework which internally use various design pattern such as singleton, command, delegate, etc.  • Applied JQuery scripts for basic animation and end user screen customization purposes.  • Designed and developed custom JQuery components for the front end client side validations.  • Worked on integrating JQuery APIs with MVC pattern.  • Used JavaScript DOM manipulation and JavaScript event to generate the data result in UI.  • Wrote test plans and performed unit testing and performance testing.  • Worked with the systems team and Quality assurance team in the process    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JQuery, DHTML, JavaScript, XHTML, XML, JMS, JSON, Ajax, Angular.js, Angular 5/6, Bootstrap, Node.js, EXT JS, Responsive Web Design, JQuery UI, SOAP, DOM, MVC, SVN, Windows. Front End/Java UI Developer Nationwide Insurance - Columbus, OH September 2017 to June 2018 Responsibilities:  • Involved in web designing using HTML 5, XHTML, CSS 3, JavaScript and extensively used Table less Design in CSS for positioning.  • Developed responsive designs using HTML5 and CSS3 for hand held devices.  • Designed and developed code for table less web interfaces using XHTML, CSS, DOM and JavaScript.  • Coded dynamic and browser compatible UI web pages using JavaScript, CSS3, HTML5, jQuery, Ajax and responsive design in MVC environment.  • Designed data formatted web applications using HTML, DHTML, XHTML and CSS and deploy the script by client side scripting using JavaScript.  • Developed HTML5 prototype documents with CSS3 Style Sheets.  • Responsible for designing Front-side of the website like embedded graphics, and interactive documents using JavaScript, XML, HTML and CSS.  • Used CSS Sprites to decrease the number of HTTP requests and load time of web pages.  • Designed dynamic client-side JavaScript codes to build web forms and simulate process for web application, page navigation and form validation.  • Interacted with Restful Web services using Angular 2 Http Module.  • Implemented Angular 2 validation to validate user inputs and to create user-friendly web application.  • Developed UI and pagination using Angular.js and Node.js.  • Designed and developed Prototype module using Angular.js and Ext.js, implemented Pagination, and Datagrid added additional functionality for Datagrid.  • Created Images, Logos and Icons that are used across the web pages using Adobe Flash, Dream weaver, and Photoshop.  • Create, edit and maintain sites implementing responsive web design and themes using front- end development frameworks including Bootstrap and media queries.  • Created dynamic HTML5 pages with JavaScript and CSS3 for their Intranet software product.  • Used JSON format to serialize and transmit structured data over network connection.  • Worked with Bootstrap for compiling CSS, JavaScript and building the System with the convenient methods.  • Assisted in the development of WCF RESTful web services using Entity Framework as the data access layer to SQL Server.  • Involved in up gradation and maintenance of company's website to the new layout using the Grid orientation model Bootstrap framework.  • Worked with the team of architects and back- end Developers to gather requirements and enhance the application functionality and add new features.    Environment: JavaScript, HTML4/5, CSS2/3, JSP, XHTML, DHTML, XML, DOM, JSON, Ajax, JQuery, Bootstrap, Angular.js, Angular 2, Node.js, Responsive Web Design, REST, Bootstrap, JQuery UI, Adobe Photoshop, Dreamweaver, Windows. UI Developer Matrix Zero One Systems - IN June 2016 to August 2017 Responsibilities  • Created paper prototypes, initial wire frames and design a strategy by collaborating with the instructional designers.  • Designed, developed and tested web pages from the level of paper prototypes to production.  • Develop web pages with functionalities like login, register, forget password, Email, Filters using Java Script, JQuery and HTML.  • Used JavaScript and XML to update a portion of a web page thus reducing bandwidth usage and load time and add modal dialog in web pages to get user input and requests.  • Responsible for content and UI development.  • Developed HTML prototypes and ready XHTML documents with CSS style sheets.  • Designed dynamic client-side JavaScript codes to build web forms and simulate process for web application, page navigation and form validation.  • Gathered data from API/web services via AJAX-JSON calls and updating the DOM within the result sets.  • Coded JavaScript for page functionality and Pop up Screens and used DHTML to make dropdown menus on web pages and display part of a web page upon user request.  • Document the entire project, which contains detail description of all the functionalities.    Environment: HTML, DHTML, CSS, Java Script, XML, JQuery, AJAX, JSON, DOM, SQL and Windows. Education Bachelor's Skills Javascript, Angular.js, Bootstrap, Node.js, Json, Xml, Xslt, Ajax, Dhtml, Dreamweaver, Html5, Eclipse, jquery, Database, Mysql, Oracle, Ms office, Illustrator, Adobe illustrator, Pagemaker, Front End, UI, React, Angular, Front-End Additional Information Technical Skills:    Web Technologies HTML5, CSS3, DHTML, XML, XHTML, XSLT, JavaScript, AJAX, JQuery, JSON  JavaScript Libraries Angular.js, Angular 2/4/5/6 Node.js, Ext.js, Bootstrap  IDE's and Tools Eclipse IDE, NetBean, Dreamweaver, FireBug, Developer Tools, EditPlus, JSfiddle, Webstrom, Tatastrom, Sublimetext  Tools Adobe Photoshop, Adobe PageMaker, MS Office, Adobe Illustrator CS3, Firebug  Database MySQL, Oracle  Operating System Windows Variants