Developer <span class="hl">Developer</span> Developer - Union Square Media Hialeah, FL Work Experience Developer Union Square Media - Miami, FL May 2017 to Present Responsible for maintaining and building new features / products to assist clients and in-house users with reporting, data entry, content/campaign management and lead generation.    • Project: Auto-Savings, SmartLifeSaver and SolarSavingPro  o Lead generation sites built with PHP, MySQL, and Bootstrap. My responsibilities were Front and Back End development which included updating JavaScript validations and create back- end validations. Stored values into session and saved into DB. Post lead to providers  according mapping requirements.  • Project: McGyver  o Custom in house CRM built using Laravel and custom CSS. My responsibilities were Front and Back End development which include creating modules, creating & updating  functionalities and maintaining front end of site.  • Project: Lenox  o Custom CRM built using PHP site using Bootstrap. My responsibilities were Front and Back  End development which included building and debugging internal reporting, automation, and API integration software. Handling large amounts of data to optimize the ROI of affiliate  marketing.  • Project: Maximus  o Media buyer campaign management tool built using PHP, React and Material UI. My  responsibilities are Front and Back End development which include building and debugging  campaign reporting and adjustment software. Handling large amounts of data to optimize  campaigns based on performance information. Freelance Front- End Developer Choose Digital - Miami, FL September 2015 to November 2016 Responsible for implementing visual and interactive elements that users engage with through their  web browser when using a web application.    • Responsible for all front- end HTML5 and CSS3/Sass issues  • Created and modified features on web application in accordance with Photoshop sketch  • Build responsive websites that function perfectly on any device or browser size  • Perform cross-browser compatibility test Freelance Front- End Developer Rokk3r Labs - Miami, FL March 2016 to May 2016 Was brought in to help complete web application before release date. Responsible for implementing  visual and interactive elements that users engage with through their web browser when using a web  application.    • Responsible for all front- end HTML5, CSS3 / Sass and AngularJS issues  • Collaborated with Web Designers and Backend Developer to bridge the gap between graphical  design and technical implementation  • Created and modified features on web application in accordance with InVision sketch  • Build responsive websites that function perfectly on any device or browser size  • Perform cross-browser compatibility tests  I have no legal or signed contract with any recruiter or agency. If you do receive this resume via a recruiter or agency, please void.  Projects:  o Enlight Research Project - Assisting with web development. Assisted back- end team with all front- end issue and tested site design and functionality to have product ready for  release. Education High School Diploma Miami Senior High School - Miami, FL May 2001 Skills PHP (1 year), JAVASCRIPT (1 year), Git (Less than 1 year), jQuery (Less than 1 year), SQL (Less than 1 year) Links https://github.com/esolar07 http://codepen.io/eddie07 Additional Information AREAS OF EXPERTISE  Agile Methodology Jira / Pivotal Project Tracking Git / Github  SQL WordPress Selenium  PHP PHP Unit JavaScript / jQuery