Front End Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Home mortgage Consultant - Wells Fargo Bank, SFO Fremont, CA • Front End / UI Web Developer with experience in UI Development, Web design, Web Development, and testing web pages.  • On the job accomplishments include successfully design and developed large web 2.0 based enterprise solutions with emphasis on use of CSS Layout, OO JavaScript framework, and design Patterns.  • Hands on experience in creating custom components and modules for the reusability and maintainability of the components to share among multiple applications.  • Expertise in CSS layout designing, converting business requirement into Illustration and Color standards.  • Strong knowledge in cross browser compatibility issues and W3C standards. Good Knowledge in using JQuery Components and integrating back- end applications with AJAX driven web 2.0 front- end using OO JavaScript framework.  • Designed and developed several Ajax based Prototype and UI widgets using OO JavaScript framework, YUI framework, JQuery and AJAX based UI framework for several clients.  • Maintaining compatibility for different browsers like IE 8 and above, Chrome, Firefox, Safari.  • Experience with modifying existing undocumented code and with code standardization.  • Worked on JQuery extensively for various user interactions, Ajax Queue, Ajax Forms, front- end validations and other visual effects.  • Developed tested cross-browser compatible and standards-compliant CSS-based page layouts.  • Creative and problem-solver who always goes the extra mile, is adept at learning new systems and processes, and has proven ability to work effectively as both a developer and a team member.  • Excellent team player with abilities to analyze problems, respond to changing needs and forge strong working relationships with the peers and clients. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Front End Developer Wells Fargo Bank, SFO - San Francisco, CA November 2014 to Present CA Nov 2014 - Till Date  Project: Mobile Retail Opportunity(MRO)    Description:  Mobile Retail Opportunity is a project initially developed for mobile and then made responsive for tablet and desktop users also, so was the project named. MRO is all about buying a new house anywhere, exploring options available with the estimated total income, possible down payment, total debt of user etc. This project contains different phase of home buying process for user like Affordability calculator - for calculating the amount that can be spent towards home buying from total income, Home mortgage Consultant - to search for a consultant by location or by name to help in finding the right home, Prequalification module, Hub Page, which displays saved information at one place and Learning Resources -displays videos to guide user, the process of buying home.    Responsibilities:  • Developed several web pages as part of different modules which are designed responsive for mobile, tablet and desktop.  • Developed and used several customized components like Accordion, jQuery UI modal popup, full page Overlay's, Balloon help's (tool tips), Light Box etc.  • Worked on adding accessibility to existing HTML markup using ARIA tags to make the application accessible to disabled users also.  • Fixed many defects in the existing codebase which were device specific like iPads and several Android devices, browser specific issues mostly with IE10 and below.  • Coordinating with backend team for any integrating issues for developing the JSP's, working with CX/UX team for ambiguities on wireframes and Redlines.  • Worked on test driven development using Jasmine framework, for which written many unit test cases for testing the developed code, before delivering the module for testing.  • Worked in an Agile environment, and so developed and delivered user stories following Sprint basis, used JIRA for tracking the stories.  • Tested the application for different modules on multiple IOS, Android devices, browsers like Firefox, Chrome, Safari and IE before delivering the code for testing.    Environment: OO JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3, SCSS, Sublime Text Editor, Jetty Server, Maven, Bootstrap framework, Angular JS framework, jQuery, jQuery UI, AJAX, JAWS, SVN, Jasmine framework. Front End Developer EBay, Inc - San Jose, CA September 2013 to October 2014 Project: Online Customer Support    Description:  Online Customer Support is a project which is part of the eBay's online shopping portal where customers can ask for queries they have regarding buying and selling products online through different means of communication like Chat, Phone and Email and then getting their issues resolved    Responsibilities:  • Worked on the design and development of the Customer Support part of the eBay's website containing search for an item web pages and Contact Us with three channels like email, Chat and Phone pages using Ajax, JSON, jQuery and OO JavaScript.  • Designed web pages in a responsive manner suitable for all kind of devices (Tablet, web and Smartphone) using CSS3 media queries and tested the pages across various devices or platforms.  • Used many jQuery plug-ins like Auto-complete, Accordion, modal-dialog popup, Calendar etc. and also customized some of the plug-in for the design of the Customer Support related web Pages.  • Also worked on many jQuery Ajax calls for the sake of bringing up content from the Controller on to the JSP files for display and then format them using HTML and CSS.  • Designed and developed web pages with the Buyer and Seller of eBay's products information displayed separately for Customer View and also Guest User view and logged-in user view was designed separately.  • Used Spring MVC architecture as part of eBay's Raptor proprietary framework and worked on View and Controller part for displaying the content from Model classes or database.  • Used HTML5 and CSS3 for the design of the layouts of the web pages and also worked on achieving cross browser compatibility mainly with IE8 and above versions and tested the code in different browsers.  • Worked on different UI related bug fixes and written some test cases and done unit testing on my own code and also co-ordinate and helped QA team for testing the code.    Environment: HTML5, XML, CSS3, Java 1.6, Firebug, AJAX, jQuery, jQuery UI, OO JavaScript, Windows Platform, Eclipse IDE, GIT, SCSS, Bootstrap framework. Web Developer TCS - IN June 2007 to September 2008 Responsibilities:  • Played a team member role in UI design and development of the front- end architecture.  • Responsible for creating UI standards, front end templates and screen prototypes.  • Created CSS navigational menu that is role based, menu items change dynamically, derived from the database in the form of XML.  • Optimized web page design and DHTML tags to enhance search engine rank. Handled cross-platform, multiple browser, and bandwidth issues.  • Used CSS based design techniques to eliminate table-based layouts, and speed page loading.  • Handled all the client side validation and tab navigation using JavaScript.  • Resolved cross browser issues as part of resolving defects.  • Worked with dynamic HTML i.e. DHTML using CSS, DOM, Events and JavaScript.  • Involved in Design UI Screen, Created several mock up Using HTML, CSS and JavaScript.  • Front- end validations are done using Java Script.  • Managed and updated department's web resources with the prominent use of JavaScript, CSS and HTML.    Environment: Java, OO JavaScript, CSS2, HTML, jQuery, Dreamweaver, SVN repository Education M.S. in Computer Science California State University - East Bay, CA January 2011 to June 2013 Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:    Software Platforms: Linux, Windows  Scripts: Shell, JavaScript  Web Technologies: HTML5, CSS3, OO JavaScript, jQuery, jQuery UI, Bootstrap, Angular JS  Protocols: TCP/IP, FTP, Telnet.  Databases: Oracle 10g, MySQL  Application Servers: Tomcat, Jetty, WebLogic  IDE: Dream viewer, Eclipse, NetBeans, Sublime Text3  Version Mgmt.: GIT, SVN  Hardware Platforms: Intel x86.