UI /UX Developer UI /UX <span class="hl">Developer</span> UI /UX Developer - Johnson and Johnson IT New Jersey Work Experience UI /UX Developer Johnson and Johnson IT - Bridgewater, NJ January 2017 to Present Working in Back to Basics Project, a major platform for all Supply Chain Web, Mobile and IoT applications for warehouses and work stations of JnJ.    Responsibilities:  • Involved in the requirements analysis, designing, development, testing and maintenance of the Application.  • Requirements gathering from business and defining User Stories Specifications for the system.  • Worked on JavaScript frameworks (Node JS, React JS) to augment browser based applications.  • Worked upon the dashboard for the project which contained a variety of charts and drag gable components using D3, React JS.  • Building reusable components and front- end libraries for future using Reactjs.  • Worked on web application development using JavaScript, React JS.  • Responsible to create Mobile applications using Typescript, ES6 and Angular2 for, Web API and browser clients.  • Designed and created single page applications for client side to access data of customers using Responsive Web Design so it is compatible with any mobile devices.  • Used Angular2 components and modules for Advanced Track and Trace Application.  • Used Agile methodology for the software development.  • Used Angualr2 CLI for creating project basic structure.  • Involved in migrating the existing Angular1.4 application into Single Page Application using Angular2 Responsible to create a page that is responsible to take the request and show the status of the package of the customer using technologies like Angular2, Node JS, ECMA SCRIPT7.  • Responsible to create dashboards using D3 JS.  • Developed a web and native mobile app using Neptune Software in real quick time with the help of Adobe phone GAP which contain Offline capabilities.  • Connected EDG (Enterprise Data Grid) and EDL (Enterprise Data lake) data to the front end using RESP API calls.  • Implemented Angular2 two way data binding for ware house users for live data scan or entry.  • Developed Web API using NodeJS and hosted on multiple load balanced API instances.  • Developed Application based on J2EE using Springframeworks by using spring boot annotations.  • Developed web services by usingRESTful API.  • Used MySQL to develop stored procedures, views, and sub queries, functions to perform database operations..  • Responsible to handle GIT repository.  • Worked with ScrumMethodology (SDLC), involved in daily scrum meetings, sprint planning.  • Used client side scripting languages such as JavaScript and JQuery added collections of list of objects in data base  Mongo Db Locally with Mongo and Implemented Schemas to store data and retrieve data from the Mongo.  • Written many custom directives, services and filters in AngularJS as per the functional requirements.  • Wrote AWS Lambda function (Alexa Skill) for taking notes in warehouse and reading out the plant status from Cloud data tables.  • Worked with designer who designed user interfaces and prototypes for a web-based internal system.    • Worked on front end pages that were developed in a professional manner using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and  JQUERY.  • Made AJAX calls using Angular.js for getting the data and parsing it for showing on the web page.  • Creating cross-browser compatible and standards-compliant CSS-based page layouts.  • Using Solution Manager(SolMan) for Incidents and Change Requests tracking process.  • Using JIRA for Agile project sprint planning.  • Preparing knowledge sharing documents in my modules and also gave knowledge transfer to my peers in the project    Environment: Angular2, Angular2 CLI, Neptune UX, JQuery, AWS Lambda, NodeJS, HTML4/5, CSS 2/3, AJAX, JOSN, XML, IIS 7.5, Jquery, bootstrap, JIRA, SolMan, bit Bucket. Front end developer Acquire information systems india pvt ltd - Hyderabad, Telangana February 2015 to August 2015 Responsibilities:  • Involved in the requirements analysis, designing, development, testing and maintenance of the Application. Requirements gathering from business and defining User Stories Specifications for the system.  • Used Node Js for heavy DOM manipulation.  • Responsible to create front end application using Angular JS  • Responsible for managing the interchange of data between the server and the users  • Strong knowledge in Document Object Model and DOM functions.  • Responsible to create web application using HTML5, DOM, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, Angular JS  • Developed a MEAN (Mongo, Express, Angular, Node). Stack application in javascript environment.  • Responsible to create responsive web application using Rest API  • Used Mongo db for storing data.  • Used mongoose to interact with the database.  • Responsible to create front end application using Angular JS  • Developed and debugged the application using NetBeans.  • Extensive knowledge on AngularJS components like controllers, directives, factory and service resources, routing, Dependency injection, 2-way data binding, filters and events  • Extensive experience with Angular JS MVC framework including authoring complex directives,  • Responsible to develop single page applications using Angular Js.    Environment: Angularjs, Neptune UX, JQuery, NodeJS, HTML4/5, CSS 2/3, AJAX, JOSN, XML, Jquery Front end developer Ybrant Technologies limited - Hyderabad, Telangana February 2012 to January 2015 Responsibilities:  • Involved in building user interfaces for websites and web applications using HTML, CSS and JavaScript  • Involved in various phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) of the application like Requirement gathering, Design, Analysis, Code development and estimating the time-line for the project.  • Understanding the requirements of the client and the flow of the application as well as the application Framework  • Strong experience with jQuery, AJAX, and XML.  • Developed working prototypes for UI designs.  • Responsible for all of the responsive web design, look and feel (CSS, image/icon selection, etc.), and client/browser side interactions/UI (JavaScript/html)  • Designed dynamic client-side JavaScript codes to build web forms and simulate process for web application, page navigation and form validation.  • Implemented new website design layout for conversion of existing static websites to responsive  • Implemented visual elements that users see and interact with in a web application.  • Used the Hibernate Framework for connecting to SQL Server database.  • Identified, fixed, troubleshoot and resolve problems and scrupulously documented system  • Create web models or prototypes that include physical, interface, logical, or data models  • Preparation and review of Unit Test Plan, Unit Testing, Test Results review and other quality relate work.  • Performed client side validations over the forms using JavaScript  • Used Ajax to refresh only certain section of the page and reduce the load on the web server  • Used Cascading Style Sheets in order to separate presentation from the structure  • Defined text alignment, borders, positioning and many other typographic characteristics.  • Used Responsive Web Design so that the website is compatible with different devices like desktops, laptops, tablets and smart phones.  • Developed and debugged the application using Eclipse IDE.  • Used best coding practices and naming conventions while writing code in JavaScript, HTML and CSS  • Extensively tested the websites, identified the bugs using Firebug and fixed them.  • Used Adobe Photoshop to edit the images and background.  • Used GIT Version control tool for code storage.  • Documented Technical Design Specifications and Prepared Technical Unit Test Scripts.    • Environment: Angular JS, Jasmine, Karma, Protractor, HTML5, CSS3, NodeJS, AngularJS, Bootstrap, JavaScript, JQuery, XHTML, JSON, AJAX, Adobe Photoshop, JIRA, SVN, MS Office, Visual Studio 2010. Skills AJAX (4 years), CSS (4 years), DATABASE (4 years), JAVASCRIPT (4 years), jQuery (4 years) Additional Information Technical Skills:    Web Technologies  Angular JS 2/1.x, SAP UI5, HTML4/5, XML, CSS,CSS3 JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, XHTML,d3.js, JSON, Bootstrap, KnockoutJS and NodeJS,React js    IDE & Tools  Neptune Software, Adobe Phone GAP, JIRA, HPQC, SolMan, SAP NWDS, Sublime, Brackets, Notepad++, Visual Studio 2010,Grunt,Gulp, Jasmine, Eclipse, Netbeans, Adobe Live cycle designer ES3, Adobe Dreamweaver CS3, Adobe Premier Pro, Adobe Flash Professional + Action Script 2.0, Microsoft Front Page, Microsoft Publisher, Adobe Photoshop.    Version Control Bit Bucket, GIT,SVN, CVS.  JavaScript Libraries jQuery, Ext JS 2.0/1.0  Publishing Tools Adobe PageMaker, Adobe Acrobat, MS Office.  Wire Frame Tools Adobe Illustrator CS3, Microsoft Visio  Management Tools MS Project and Office 365  Database SQL Server 2005, MySQL, Oracle    Operating Systems Windows 95/98/2000/XP/Vista/7/8/10 and LINUX