Front- end Web Developer <span class="hl">Front</span>-<span class="hl">end</span> Web <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front- end Web Developer - Technomax, LLC Boston, MA • Over 3 years' experience in User Interface (UI) & Web Development as a Front- End developer.  • Proficient in UI (User Interface) application development using HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX and JSON.  • Experience in CSS3 preprocessors styling such as Sass.  • Experience in Twitter Bootstrap CSS framework and Media Query to complement responsive web design for different size devices such as desktop, laptop and mobile phone.  • Solid experience in building Single Page Application (SPA) using MVC AngularJS framework and Angular UI.  • Experience in using AJAX call in web service for processing JSON format files between front- end and back- end.  • Experiences knowledge in package manager of npm and bower for projects and set gulp tasks under Node.js environment.  • Familiar with knowledge of database.  • Strong experience in Version Control tools GIT and SVN to handle the changes on multiple projects.  • Experience in Unit Testing with Jasmine framework.  • Experience in jQuery mobile framework. Solid knowledge in algorithm, data structure and OOP language such as JavaScript and Java.  • Expertise in using Intellij IDE, Atom, Sublime, Notepad++ and Eclipse.  • Solid organizational, project and team management skills, Reliable, motivated, hard-working, and attentive to details.  • Capable of quickly adjusting to new environments, as well as learning and applying new technologies. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Front- end Web Developer Technomax, LLC - Princeton, NJ February 2016 to Present Project: Bioridge  Bioridge is a project to provide build-in system for researchers. We worked to provide an accessible and barrier-free environment in our research facilities. It is designed to meet online usability and convenience for researchers to add, delete, modify and refer new research findings such as protein in company database. We also used design standards that help customers identify, interpret, understand and interact with information presented on our websites.    Responsibilities:  • Designed and developed intranet web applications using HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, SASS,  JavaScript, AngularJS.  • Use Bootstrap and Media Queries to create a well responsive website, which can fit all users and devices from desktop to tablet to mobile phone.  • Create Single Page Application (SPA) using JavaScript MVC framework AngularJS, loading multiple views using route services and adding more user experience to make it more dynamic.  • Interaction with back- end node.js server to call JSON files to create dynamic web applications.  • Wrote application code to perform client side form validation using HTML5, JavaScript and AngularJS.  • Accomplish unit test with Behavior-Driven JavaScript Jasmine.  • Conducted cross-browser testing in all browsers:IE8+, Firefox, Chrome, Safari. Used tools included IE tester, Firebugs, Web Developer and Chrome DevTools.  • Manage projects with Grunt task runner and combined with Bower and npm package manager to install the latest version of libraries based on running in the node.js environment.  • Created and managed all of hosted or local repositories through SourceTree's simple interface of GIT client, collaborated with GIT command line.  • Maintain and enhance the User Interface that best suit business and technology needs form UI standpoint.  • Refine and optimize the source code to solve bugs and problems after the system is published, and enhance the performance of the system.  • Finish the technical document and report.    Environment:  HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, SASS, JavaScript, AnuglarJS, Angular UI, Underscore.js, Jasmine, Node.js, Bootstrap, Firebug, IE Teste, Sublime Text, Git. Web Developer Eduseize LLC - Gainesville, FL July 2015 to February 2016 Project: Web Rebuild  Eduseize is a top consumer rated education company, dedicating to helping talented student to study and prepare for their courses and exams. This project it to build a user-friendly, attractive and efficiently website for all the users to surf and search related information. This website has neat, beautiful, and simple design.    Responsibilities:  • Develop the Front- end side user interface webpage layout by using the technology of  HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, SASS, Bootstrap, JavaScript, AngularJS and Angular UI.  • Implement the website behaviors and functions with JavaScript.  • Transfer the data between front- end and back- end with AJAX requests in JASON format.  • Designed a responsive website that fits multiple devices from desktop to tablet and mobile device by using Media Queries.  • Accomplish unit test with Behavior-Driven JavaScript Jasmine and fix bugs.  • Maintain the website and analyze its performance.    Environment:  HTML, CSS, SASS, JavaScript, AnuglarJS, Angular UI, Underscore.js, Jasmine, Node.js, Bootstrap, Firebug, IE Teste, Sublime Text, Git. Front- end Developer OneAPM, Inc - ??? June 2011 to July 2013 Project: Products presenting system  Products presenting system is a project building platform to present the different products and services that company provide, it is a simple, lightweight, well organized website which is easy for customers to browse every product they want, the specific information of products and services are also provided to client.    Responsibilities:  • Created requirement analysis, design, coding using HTML, CSS, JavaScript and AngularJS.  • Implemented MVC pattern of AngularJS framework to developed Single Page Application(SPA).  • Wrote application code to perform client side validation using JavaScript, jQuery and AngularJS.  • Embedded objects such as videos on webpage that respond accordingly when sizes of browser alternate.  • Conducted cross-browser testing in all browsers:IE8+, Firefox, Chrome, Safari and Opera. Used tools included IE tester, Firebugs, Web Developer and Chrome DevTools.  • Defined technical requirements based upon business requirements.  • Maintain, enhance and recommend solutions that best suit business and technology needs form UI standpoint.  Environment:  HTML, CSS, SASS, JavaScript, jQuery, AngularJS, Angular UI, Underscore.js, Jasmine, Node.js, Bootstrap, Firebug, IE Teste, Sublime Text, Git. Education Master of Science in Computer Science Illinois Institute of Technology Skills HTML (3 years), HTML 5 (3 years), CSS (3 years), CSS3 (3 years), Javascript (3 years), Angularjs (3 years), Java (3 years), Jasmine (2 years), SASS (2 years), JQuery (3 years), Node.js (3 years), Bootstrap (3 years), Git (3 years), SQL (1 year), MongoDB (2 years) Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  Front- end Technology HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, LESS/SASS, JavaScript  Library/Framework jQuery, Bootstrap, AngularJS, Angular UI, Ajax, Jasmine, Underscore.js, D3.js  Programming Language JavaScript, Java, C  Dev Tools Intellij, Atom, Sublime, Eclipse  Version Control GIT, SourceTree, SVN  Operating Systems MS Windows, Linux