Front End Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End Developer/ UI Developer/ Web Developer Dearborn, MI • Software UI developer with 6 years of experience in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQUERY, AJAX, XML, JSON and Bootstrap development implementing enterprise applications in team-oriented environments.  • Strong experience in working on user interface applications and professional web applications using HTML, HTML5, CSS, CSS3, JavaScript, JQUERY, AJAX, JSON, AngularJS, Node.JS, Backbone.JS, React.JS, D3.JS.  • Experience as a Front- End UI Developer with solid understanding of Client Side User Interface development.  • Solid experience with Responsive Web Design (RWD).  • Developed UI using JQuery and JavaScript Library for Web Application and Mobile Application.  • Designed Frontend with in object oriented JavaScript Framework like Node.JS and Ext.JS.  • JavaScript frameworks such as Angular.JS and Backbone.JS were used for developing websites.  • Experience knowledge on CQ5/ AEM on 6.0 version.  • Experienced in WCM and CMS in migration from dynamic to AEM.  • Expert in working with cutting edge front- end technologies/ framework and libraries like JQuery, Prototype, (X)HTML, DHTML, OO JavaScript, JSON, DOM, CSS, XML/XSLT, AJAX.  • Experience in designing websites with W3C standards using HTML4/5, CSS2/3 to get best cross-browser user experience for long-term user retention and engagement.  • Responsible for strategy, design and development of data visualization tools like (D3.js, Qlickeview)  • Professional in creating Templates, Mockups and Prototypes, Web Interfaces, Layouts and Flow of Future Pages.  • Extensive experience in various UI widgets using JavaScript libraries (JQuery) and developing Rich Internet Applications RIA.  • Good knowledge of latest version of object oriented JavaScript Libraries like Angular.js, Node.JS, Backbone, Bootstrap, Ext.JS 4.0, Require, Handlebars, and Dojo toolkit.  • Good knowledge of using JavaScript testing frameworks, Jasmine and QUnit.  • Experience in Cross browser compatibility testing and intellectual challenges in User Experience (UX), Responsive Web Design and Bootstrap.  • Strong knowledge in Document Object Model and its functions.  • Thorough understanding of CSS principles with a clear ideology for managing maintainable, scalable and cross-browser code.  • Working experience on CSS Background, CSS Positioning, CSS Text, CSS Border, CSS Margin, CSS Padding, CSS Table, Pseudo Classes, Pseudo Elements and CSS Behaviors in CSS.  • Experience in Fixing CSS Cross Browsing Compatibility issue and web application scaling.  • Extensive experience on implementing the AJAX features using JavaScript and jQuery.  • Extensive experience in using Photoshop, Illustrator, Adobe flash, InDesign Dream Weaver CS4.  • Experience with Firebug for Mozilla, Developer Toolbar for Chrome and IE Developer Toolbar for Internet Explorer for testing applications.  • Good knowledge of Grunt, GITS, HTTP and Restful services.  • Experience in designing web applications employing Search Engine Optimization (SEO) techniques and Search Engine Strategies (SES).  • Web development experience in developing dynamic websites with emphasis on content management, interactive portals and complex online systems following WCAG and W3C standards.  • Self-motivated, able to work independently and in teams; can handle multiple projects while paying attention to details; accomplished problem solving and analytical skills.  • Efficient team member with excellent work/time management skills, excellent leadership, communication and interpersonal skills and ability to work under strict deadlines. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Front End Developer GTB, MI July 2016 to March 2017 Responsibilities: -  • Involved in different periods of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) of the application like Requirement assembling, Design, Analysis and Code advancement.  • Developed HTML5 models and UI deliverables, for example, wireframes, flowcharts, screen ridicule ups, and interface plan details.  • Involved in the production of interface to oversee client menu and Bulk overhaul of Attributes utilizing AngularJS, Node.js, Media Query, ReactJs and JQuery.  • Forming the DOM (document Object Model) structure. Follow AGILE methodology throughout development.  • Building websites using PHP based frameworks and MVC pattern.  • Used RESTful web services to get JSON response.  • Designed Frontend with in protest situated JavaScript Framework like AngularJS.  • Participated in making Responsive Web Designs utilizing Media Queries and Twitter Bootstrap.  • Performed Front end validations for the screen using JavaScript, Angular JS directives and core java.  • Utilized Adobe Fireworks, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Dreamweaver and Illustrator for the front- end improvement, for example, site pages, representation and multimedia.  • Developed the client interface for back office bolster and worked cooperatively in Agile scrum group on the outline and improvement of use based MVC system utilizing AngularJS, HTML 5 and CSS3.  • Extensive hands-on development experience on charting library i.e. High charts, D3 Charts (d3JS), Google Charts, Any Chart and Fusion Chart  • Used Node.js, AngularJS and Bootstrap in creating web applications and cross-platform runtime in a fast-paced environment  • Web services, data interchange formats, security issues like XSS, XSRF and SEO techniques  • Writing $http service requests to fetch the data from the server.  • Responsible to write unit test cases using Karma-Jasmine, Angular Mock.  • Developed cross-browser compatible website using HTML, CSS3, Dojo, MySQL and jQuery  • Developed customer side AJAX application that uses XSLT, XPath, JavaScript OOP, Core JAVA and more Bind questions and recover them through JNDI interface.  • Utilized different JQUERY modules to fabricate Rich Internet Application (RIA) to make it look more instinctive.  • Developed the client interface for back office bolster and worked cooperatively in light-footed scrum group on the outline and advancement of utilization based MVC system utilizing AngularJS, HTML5, and CSS3.  • Worked broadly on applications to work legitimately on Android gadgets and every one of the programs like Mobile safari, Desktop safari on Windows, IE, Firefox, and Chrome.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, Dojo, JQuery, AJAX, AngularJS, JavaScript, PHP, Media Query, Node.js, Responsive Design, Twitter Bootstrap, Adobe Photoshop, Dreamweaver, Karma, Jasmine, XML, Ext JS, React JS JSON, JIRA, Agile, Internet Explorer, Chrome, Firefox, Windows. UI Developer Seal Infotech, IND June 2012 to July 2014 Responsibilities: -  • Involved in various phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) of the application like requirement gathering, Design, Analysis and Code development.  • User Interactive web pages are built using jQuery plugins, AJAX, JavaScript, and AngularJS.  • Involved in web designing using HTML 4/5, XHTML, CSS 2/3, JavaScript and extensively used Table Less Design in CSS for positioning.  • Developed HTML prototypes and UI deliverables, such as wireframes, flowcharts, screen mock-ups, and interface design specifications.  • Developed application by implementing the Single Page application template using AngularJS.  • Designed Frontend with in object oriented JavaScript Framework like Angular JS.  • Used Angular UI (Angular Bootstrap) for ng-grid, and UI components.  • Pop up forms are created using AngularJS Controllers, AngularJS Models and Bootstrap Models.  • Involved in the creation of interface to manage user menu and Bulk update of Attributes using jQuery.  • Participated in making Responsive Web Design using Media Queries and Twitter Bootstrap.  • Utilized Adobe Fireworks, Adobe Illustrator and Adobe Dreamweaver for the front- end development such as web pages, graphics and multimedia's.  • Implemented CSS3 and JavaScript based navigation system visually identical to previous table-based system to improve ease of maintenance and organic search engine placement.  • Creating UI components in Adobe CQ5 using Angular.JS framework.  • Worked on Adobe CQ5 building blocks like widgets, templates and dialogs.  • Used JavaScript and XML to update a portion of web page thus reducing bandwidth usage and load time and add modal dialog in web pages to get user input and requests.  • Developed cross-browser/platform HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript to match design specs for complex page layouts while adhering to code standards  • Utilized various JQUERY plugins to build Rich Internet Application (RIA) to make it look more intuitive  • Used AJAX extensively to implement front end/user interface features in the application.  • Used AJAX frameworks like JQuery, JSON to develop rich GUIs and also involved in performance turning the website.  • Used XML Web Services using SOAP to transfer the amount to transfer application that is remote and global to different financial institutions.  • Android devices and all the browsers like Mobile safari, Desktop safari on Windows IE, Firefox and Chrome.  • Worked with Agile software lifecycle methodologies. Create design documents when and as required. Perform coding, debugging and testing.  • Responsible for cross browser compatibility and hence exposure to popular browsers.  • Successfully executed all the test cases and fixed any bugs/issues identifies during the test cycles.  Environment: HTML4/5, CSS2/3, JQuery, JavaScript, Ajax, Angular JS, Node JS, Responsive Web Design, Twitter Bootstrap, Adobe Illustrator, Dreamweaver, XML, JSON, Agile, Internet Explorer, Chrome, Firefox, Windows. Front End UI Developer Genpact, IND August 2011 to May 2012 Investment management portal: This system provides the information of Retirements plan, Education investment plans and money investment plans.  Responsibilities: -    • Participated in requirements gathering, analysis, Conceptual Design and Details.  • Implemented AJAX based UI with above said Architecture with Rich Internet UI in modules.  • Implemented AJAX driven UI Element and Search Algorithm using Ajax.  • Manipulated CSS, HTML and DHTML, JavaScript for presenting appealing GUI.  • Worked on jQuery extensively for various user interactions, front- end validations and other visual effects.  • Worked extensively on web 2.0 migration from Conventional Web Frame work to Ajax driven framework and extensively used jQuery, Dojo, YUI, AJAX and MVC in Presentation Layer.  • Used JavaScript and CSS for UI Design Mockup. Written code in YUI/JavaScript /CSS /AJAX code of the application. Created Dynamic Integration of YUI Tab, YUI Grid, and other YUI component Integration with Ajax.  • Developed custom jQuery Plugins for custom functionality of the site.  • Developing Prototype for the project using Ajax, Hardcoded JSON, jQuery, JavaScript HTML, and CSS.  • Created and optimized graphic prototype websites and applications interfaces using Adobe Fireworks CS3.  • Worked on CSS Background, CSS Positioning, CSS Text, CSS Border, Pseudo classes, Pseudo elements etc.,  • Developed tested cross-browser compatible and standards-compliant CSS-based page layouts.  • Handled all aspects of the web application including maintaining, testing, debugging, deploying and printing.  Environment: JavaScript, CSS, Ajax, Dojo, SOAP, Shell, XML, XSLT, UNIX, SQL, MYSQL, Eclipse, Clear Case. Education Masters in computer Science in computer Science University of Michigan June 2016 Bachelors in Computer Science in Computer Science JNTU 2013 Skills AJAX (3 years), JavaScript (3 years), JQuery. (3 years), JSON (3 years), XML (3 years) Additional Information Technical Skills:    Web Technologies HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, PHP, JSON, AJAX, XML, XHTML, XDHTML, MVC, DOM Bootstrap.  JavaScript Libraries jQuery, Ext JS, Node JS, Require JS, angular JS, React.JS.  Version Control Perforce, GitHub, CVS, SVN.  Operating Systems Win XP/Vista/7/8, Linux.  IDE & Tools Web Storm, Notepad++, Adobe Dreamweaver, Sublime Text, Microsoft Publisher, Eclipse, Brackets.  Development Tools Adobe Photoshop CS5, Adobe PageMaker, Dreamweaver, MS Office, Wire Frame Tools, Adobe Illustrator CS3.  Wire Frame Tools Adobe Illustrator CS3.  Operating Systems Windows, Linux, MAC OS.