Web Developer Web <span class="hl">Developer</span> Web Developer - The Michaels Companies Plano, TX Highly self-motivated and result-oriented professional with experience in  Javascript, CSS, React and other technologies as well as triaging issues. Eager  for new professional challenges and contributions towards organizational growth. Work Experience Web Developer The Michaels Companies - Irving, TX March 2019 to Present ? Deferred CSS to run only on pages required    ? Refactored/Developed new customer account page Freelancer - Front End Developer/Web Developer June 2016 to Present ? Utilize HTML5, CSS and JavaScript or WordPress to create website    ? Implement projects with cross browser functionality Front End Developer Ashley Furniture - Tampa, FL July 2017 to February 2019 ? Created a new checkout process for a faster and easier order experience    ? Implemented new messaging on the product pages to display a shipping date  to improve conversion rates    ? Developed a new shipping type to allow customers to select their delivery  method to improve sales by charging customers less for delivery    ? Incorporated CSS/Flexbox into the development process for responsive  design    ? Used React to update corporate website/update UI    ? Collaborated with UI designers and developed mockups to style guide Front End Developer Erin Condren - Austin, TX December 2016 to February 2017 ? Implemented new responsive design across multiple pages    ? Refactored and reduced code by 20%, which decreased page load times    ? Implemented a better cohesive design by using components for a greater  user experience Education design A 6 month intensive training program for web developers May 2016 to October 2017 Bachelors of Science in Biology in Biology Texas State University - San Marcos, TX June 2009 to December 2014 Skills Css (3 years), Git (3 years), Html (3 years), Html5 (3 years), Javascript (3 years) Links http://linkedin.com/in/mezaluisadrian Additional Information SKILLS  HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3/SASS, Javascript/jQuery, React, Flexbox, Git, Agile  Methodology, SalesForce Commerce Cloud(ES3 JS), Elmish