Front- End Developer <span class="hl">Front</span>-<span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front- End Developer - JP Morgan Chase Fremont, CA • Front- End Developer with 5 years of experience with demonstrated success in the design and development of large-scale applications.  • Experience with Angular 2, React JS, Redux, Angular JS, JavaScript, ES6, Babel, Node JS, Backbone JS, jQuery, underscore JS, Require JS, and HTML5 to develop rich and interactive web applications.  • Experience in build tools like Grunt, Gulp.  • Experience in design technologies using CSS3, SASS and LESS.  • Hands on in building single page applications (SPA) and Responsive Web Design.  • Significant experience in web development tools like Eclipse, Notepad++, and Firebug.  • Experience in building unit tests with Jasmine, and Karma.  • Experience in source code management using SVN, and GIT Version Managers.  • Experience in implementing XML based web services (SOAP/REST).  • Experience working in collaboration with development teams using Agile/Scrum methodologies.  • Good analytical and communication skills and ability to work independently with minimal supervision and also perform as part of a team. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Front- End Developer JP Morgan Chase - San Francisco, CA November 2016 to Present Description:  Chase is the U.S. consumer and commercial banking business and a leading global financial services firm. I worked on the online Banking in JPMC. This online banking system enables customers to conduct financial transactions, such as transferring fund, viewing account balances and downloading bank statements, etc. on a website operated by the bank. It also allows different teams to view, edit, approve or reject curriculum created.  We have implemented single page application. The application implemented using React JS, Redux JS, Node JS, less. We have implemented test cases for UI using karma-Jasmine framework.  Responsibilities:  • Designed and developed the application screens and functionalities using React JS, Redux JS, Webpack, Grunt, HTML5, Babel, Node JS, Less frameworks.  • We have implemented application using React JS to build user interfaces and also used JSX syntax.  • We have implemented using Redux JS due to predictable state container and uni-directional architecture.  • We have Redux for async middleware functionality.  • We have used Babel transpiler to convert JSX to ES5 JavaScript code.  • We have implemented the module system using Common JS.  • We have used JavaScript for utility methods like _.find, _.filer, _.forEach etc.  • We have written UI test cases using karma framework.  • Worked on Twitter Bootstrap to create Responsive Web Design.  • To ensure cross browser support including IE11, Chrome browser.  Environment: Angular 2, React JS, Redux, ES6, ES5, HTML5, LESS, Karma, Agile, Boot Strap, and Webpack. Front- End Developer eBay Inc - San Jose, CA February 2016 to November 2016 Description:  eBay Inc. is an American multinational corporation and e-commerce company, providing consumer to consumer and business to consumer sales services via Internet. I was part of the team in building completely new UI application to replace the existing application. I worked on shopping cart application. Add more features to shopping cart like adding payment options, change store, promocode etc. We have used AngularJS, Bootstrap, SASS, and Gulp to build this application as a single page application.  Responsibilities:  • Responsible for Development of e-commerce Web pages using AngularJS, CSS, HTML5, JavaScript, SASS including Ajax controls and JSON.  • Involved in developing the AngularJS MVC framework for the Single Page Application development  • Developed reusable components using Angular as components like Data-Grid, tables, forms.  • Maintain Cross Browser compatibility & implement Responsive Design custom media queries, etc.  • Worked with JSON for data exchange between the client and server  • Created and tested scripts using jQuery on various browsers Chrome, Firefox, Safari, and IE.  • Involved in User Interface testing which is generally testing the graphical user interfaces, how the users interacts with the application, testing application elements like fonts, layouts, buttons, images, colors etc.  • Implement routing and UI outer with resolve callback functions in Angular JS.  • Used GIT for version control, JIRA for defect tracking  • Identifying and fixing the browser/performance related issues in the application.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Node.js, AngularJS, Ajax, Agile Methodology, Jasmine. Web Developer Pranathi Software Services - Hyderabad, Telangana August 2013 to June 2015 Description:  The project was focused on web development, especially client-side development, using HTML, CSS, XML and JavaScript.  Responsibilities:  • Designed and developed Web pages using HTML, CSS.  • Responsible for developing the presentation layer using HTML, XML, CSS, AJAX.  • Developed data insertion forms and validated them using JavaScript.  • Created and maintained the framework and layout of each portal with Cascading Style Sheets (CSS).  • Used JavaScript and XML to update a portion of a web page thus reducing bandwidth usage and load time and add modal dialog in web pages to get user input and requests.  • Coded JavaScript for page functionality and Pop up Screens and used DHTML to make dropdown menus on web pages and display part of a web page upon user request.  • Utilized new software methodologies to be able to adapt to changes in requirements quickly.  • Implemented interaction between frontend and backend using the JSON object.  • Modified code in a web database in Report definition and user profile forms, Users request access to different reports on web, Developed views to display data.  • Debugged the application using Firebug to traverse the documents and manipulated the Nodes using DOM and DOM Functions using Firefox and IE Developer Tool bar for IE.  Environment: HTML, CSS, AJAX, DOM, JQuery, XML, SQL Server and Windows XP. Education Bachelor's Skills AJAX (2 years), CSS (2 years), jQuery (2 years), JSON (2 years), HTML5 (2 years) Additional Information SKILLS:  Web technologies Angular 2, React JS, Redux JS, Underscore JS, Node JS, AngularJS, AJAX, JQuery, Java Script, JSON, HTML5, XML, SOAP, CSS.  IDE / Tools Eclipse, Sublime, WebStorm, Notepad++.  Application Servers IBM Web sphere App. Server 6/8, Oracle Web logic 12, Apache Tomcat Server.  Build Tools Gulp, Grunt, Webpack, CRUD, Postman, Jenkins  Version Controls And SCM SVN (Tortoise SVN), GitHub, Jira.  Debugging Tools Chrome, Safari web developer, Opera, Firefox