UI Developer UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> UI Developer - LATCH Herndon, VA • Have 6+ Years of development experience in all phases of software development life cycle including requirement analysis, Debugging, Applications design, Development, Integration, Maintenance, Installation, Implementation, Testing of various client/server and web applications.  • A motivated proactive professional coupled with strong analytical and adaptive skills in implementing various business applications and products using JAVA/J2EE technologies.  • Extensive experience in various JAVA technologies including Core JAVA/J2EE (EJB, Servlets, JSP, JDBC)and JAVA web framework along with web services (SOAP, RESTFUL) and Database related technologies.  • Experience in designing and developing Service Oriented Architecture using SOAP.  • Knowledge in Javaenterprise Technologies such as EJB, JMS, Custom Java Tag library, JDBC.  • Experienced UI developer with the experience of developing web applications using all the latest and greatest web technologies like HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JAVASCRIPT, ANGULAR JS, JQUERY, REQUIRE JS, NODE.JS, GRUNT, BOOTSTRAP, LESS, BOWER, JASMINE, JSON, RESTful Services.  • Proficient in developing web applications using HTML5, CSS3.  • Proficient in JavaScript, jQuery & Angular JS.  • Developed single page applications using Angular JS.  • Implemented customized user interface for the user using Node.js.  • Experience in applying the latest software development approaches including MVC.  • Expertise in building device independent UI designs using both media queries and frameworks like Twitter Bootstrap.  • Well versed using JavaScript and jQuery for manipulating the mark-up and data operations using jQuery and AJAX.  • Sound understanding and good expertise with Object Oriented Programming concepts, Object Oriented JavaScript and implementation.  • Good understanding in implementing web application using Angular JS framework.  • Strong experience on Angular routing concepts, components, filters, MVC architecture, expressions, directives.  • Implemented MVC framework using Angular JS that manages to split our application into various components.  • Expert in writing custom directives, custom services, and also two-way data binding.  • Experience in XML and XSLT.  • Experience with IDE's like Eclipse, Webstorm, NetBeans and Intellij.  • Expertise in using debugging tools like Firebug and built-in IDE debuggers for troubleshooting existing code.  • Designed web pages using wire framing tools, storyboards, user flows.  • Conducted user research and evaluated user's feedback.  • Worked closely with system analyst to understand the technical requirements of the projects.  • Worked closely with Photoshop designers to implement mock ups and the layouts of the application.  • Design and development of Web pages using HTML, CSS including Ajax controls and XML.  • Experience on working with CSS Backgrounds, CSS Layouts, CSS Pre-processors (SASS, LESS), CSS Animations.  • Have experience with relational data bases (RDBMS).  • Involved in designing and developing the GUI for the user interface with various controls.  • Good understanding of developing application from scratch and also migration of projects.  • Good experience in building cross browser compatibility applications using HTML5 and CSS3.  • Experienced in all phases of SDLC like Requirement Analysis, Implementation and Maintenance. Extensive experience with Agile (SCRUM).  • Experience in Jasmine, Karma, Mocha & Chai frameworks for testing JavaScript code.  • Designed the table less web applications using CSS (2.1/3) and with the help of tags as per W3C standards.  • Excellent understanding of GITHUB.  • Experience with service oriented architecture and multi-tier applications.  • Expert knowledge on PostgreSQL/PostGIS.  • Excellent knowledge on databases like MYSQL, ORACLE 9i/10g/11g, Mongo dB, SQL SERVER 2005.  • Great knowledge on big data.  • Great knowledge and understanding server-side scripting languages like PHP.  • Have experience with Scalable Vector Graphics(SVG).  • Excellent knowledge on Python language.  • Worked in an environment which uses cloud services like Amazon Web Services (AWS).  • Analyzed the business requirements and also the user needs.  • Experience with NOSQL data bases like MONGODB, which stores the JSON data.  • Involved in the Software Life Cycle phases like AGILE and estimating the timelines for projects.  • Very good experience in Document Object Model (DOM) and DOM Functions.  • Highly motivated, reliable analytical problem solver and trouble-shooter with strong attention to detail.  • Demonstrated ability to complete projects in deadline oriented environments.  • Capable of quickly learning and delivering solutions as an individual and as part of a team.  • Possess good team-management and leadership qualities. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience UI Developer LATCH - New York, NY October 2015 to Present Responsibilities:  • Working as a senior JAVA/frontend developer for developing the components which are used by several teams.  • Core technology stack used in projects are: HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, LESS, JAVASCRIPT, ANGULAR, JQUERY, BOOTSTRAP, NODE.JS, BACKBONE.JS, REACT.JS, GRUNT, GULP, BOWER, JASMINE.  • Involved in discussions with the Business Analysts to identify the technical requirements.  • Heavy interaction with UX/UI teams in various geo locations.  • Agile Story research/grooming/tasking/interacting with other teams/developing.  • Implemented application using Open Web Application Security Project (OWASP) guidelines; Working on complete SDLC including creating design documentation, development (with browser compatibility), unit testing (in multiple browsers) of application and deployment on Web Logic server (Java Portal Environment).  • Used Java Platform for defining object relational metadata.  • Developed GraphicalUserInterfaces(GUI) using struts, tiles and JavaScript.  • Used JSP, JavaScript and JDBC to create web Servlets.  • Extensive use of JAXB to convert the XML schemas into objects to use in the application.  • Creating GUI using JSP, JavaScript and JQuery and developed the front end screen using AJAX and externalJS.  • Developed Page layouts, Navigations and presented designs and concepts to the clients and the management to review.  • Handled Payments and transactions, Credit Card/Bank Account Validations on the Client side.  • Developed ecommerce shopping cart and checkout functionality that requires complex rules and logic and integration with backend systems.  • Worked on CSS Preprocessors (SASS, LESS)  • Development the whole application module using front- end frame works such as JavaScript, jQuery, AngularJS, React.JS.  • Created customfilters based on the business requirements.  • Used Angular JS controllers, views, and services for new website features.  • Created custom directives in AngularJS for re-usable components.  • Responsible for creating event handlers and document manipulation using the AngularJS library, which is built on the top of JQuery.  • Used Angular JS to create maintainable and testable single page applications and also implemented two-way data binding.  • Used various filters for sorting, filtering and formatting the data across the application.  • Designed & implemented web pages that are compatible in mobile with cross-browser compatibility across several browsers.  • Involved in writing application level code to interact with APIs, Web Services using AJAX, JSON and XML.  • Analyzed and optimized pages and page design for maximumperformance.  • Responsible for the design of web applications right from the conceptualization stage to its implementation and maintenance.  • Responsible for checking cross browser compatibility and hence worked on different browsers like safari, Internetexplorer, Firefox and Googlechrome.  • Responsible for making responsive web pages including mobiles devices using bootstrap and media queries.  • Designed the table less web applications using CSS, Less CSS and with the help of tags as per W3C standards.  • Performed unit testing after writing the code.  • Worked with RESTful web services for communicating between client and remote server.  • Worked with teams where requirements are constantly being implemented, tested and improved.  • Worked closely with SQA team in fixing the reported bugs/defects and checking cross platform compatibility.    Environment: HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, Less, Sass, JavaScript, Angular, Angular UI, jQuery, bootstrap, AJAX, JSON, AngularJS, AngularJS 2.0, D3.js, requirejs, node.js, Backbone.js, grunt, gulp, bower, MAVEN, Jenkins, J2EE, JSON, PhoneGap, SVN, Mongo DB, Agile, Rally, Java, MySQL, pl/sql, & oracle Front End Developer COVENTRY HEALTH CARE - Downers Grove, IL February 2015 to September 2015 Responsibilities:  • Worked as a senior java/ front- end developer using technology stack: Java/JEE, HTML5, CSS3, LESS, JAVASCRIPT, ANGULAR, JQUERY, BOOTSTRAP, REQUIREJS, NODE.JS, BACKBONE.JS, GRUNT & BOWER.  • Worked extensively in Agile (scrum) based environment for all biweekly sprint deliverables.  • Responsible for Design and development of Web pages using HTML, CSS, JAVASCRIPT, Angular JS JQUERY, AJAX, JSON.  • Used AngularJS for creating custom services and filters, and also created two-way data binding by using this framework.  • Worked with MVCarchitecture in the web application.  • Created top button and bottom buttons by using AngularJS.  • Used AngularJS to develop the page level components and customized (Angular directives, services & factories) the out of box directives for additional functionalities.  • Used the lightweight container of the Spring Frame Work to provide architectural flexibility for inversion of controller(IOC)  • Used hibernate ORM to automate the mapping between SQL databases and objects in Java.  • Developed user friendly web based GUI using JSP, CSS, HTML, and DHTML.  • Co-ordinated with BA group for better understanding of functional requirements analyzed and designed the business requirements to documented and implemented.  • Performance optimization using front- end best practices like JS/CSS magnification aggregation, and modular resource load on demand.  • Expert in designing web applications and web contents utilizing various Search Engine Optimization techniques(SEO).  • Converted wire frames to web pages with behavioral design development (BDD).  • Validated input values to make sure that they will be accepted before they are submitted to the server.  • Responsible for developing, editing, publishing and managing content on the external Web pages and internal layouts.  • Real time integration with JSP usingStruts/Tiles/Spring web flows/frameworks.  • Defined text alignment, size, borders, and many other typographic characteristics.  • Used JavaScript to make dropdown menus on web pages and displayed part of a web page upon user request.  • Worked extensively with the File management and image libraries.  • Fixed bugs and provided support services for the application.  • Tested/De-bugged web browser using Firebug.  • Managed and implemented all code changes via SVN. Deploying builds across development, staging and production instances and maintaining code integrity.  • Extensively used jQuery in conjunction with angular, angular lite to create components.  • Used angular to develop the page level components and customized (Angular directives, services & factories) the out of box directives for additional functionalities.  • Created LESS files and used grunt to preprocess and generate the CSS files.  • Developed CSS based page layouts that are cross-browser compatible and standards-compliant.  • Responsible for making responsive web pages using twitterbootstrap and mediaqueries.  • Used jQuery for basic animation and end user screen customization purposes.  • Created several distribution packages which are shipped for the reusability.  • Used Mongo DB along with Node.js, as a database to store JSON.  • Used PhoneGap partially to debug the issues in the hybrid applications.  • Worked in packaging and shipping the components for the deliverables.  • Worked on several grunt tasks for automating the tasks.  • Worked on Bower to resolve dependencies.  • Expert knowledge of java and middle tier services, especially with the REST end points.  • Excellent knowledge of databases like Mongo DB, oracle, MySQL.    Environment: HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, Less, JavaScript, Angular, Angular UI, jQuery, bootstrap, AJAX, JSON, AngularJS, requirejs, node.js, grunt, bower, MAVEN, Jenkins, J2EE, JSON, PhoneGap, SVN, Mongo DB, Agile, Rally, Java, MySQL, pl/sql, and oracle. UI Developer Cybage Software pvt ltd 2013 to September 2014 Responsibilities:  • Designed web application user interface, interaction scenarios and navigation based on analysts, interpretations of requirement and use cases.  • This is a configuration widget written in CSS3, Java Script, JQuery framework, Angular JS in UI Layer with tag library, application deployed and tested on Linux.  • Designed and Developed JavaScript framework, which is wrapper on top of JQUERY framework and AJAX, based UI Configuration widgets.  • This system was written in Ajax, OO JavaScript, JSP, JQuery, HTML and CSS.  • Used JavaScript and CSS for UI Design Mockup. Written code in JQuery/JavaScript /CSS/AJAX for the navigation oriented application.  • Created Dynamic Integration of JQuery Tab, JQuery, and other JQUERY component integration with Ajax  • Has worked on Angular JS which combines web applications with Model View Controller capability to make development and testing of code efficient.  • Implemented JQuery Filter search a JavaScript tool for adding a little search widget next to any page listing. This will hide all the list items that don't match the word that are being searched for.  • Extensively used JQuery plug-in like Isotope and Masonry plug-in for multi column layout, Search plug-in, calendar plug-in, Ajax-queue plug-in, and Auto populating multiple select-boxes.  • Has worked on Jasmine that is especially used for testing java scripts.  • Developed UI and implemented for some plug-in using JavaScript, HTML, CSS and XML.  • Writing and implementing CSS 3 throughout the site, both as in-line and imported files.  • Writing and implementing JavaScript throughout the site, both as in-line and imported files.  • Used GitHub as the distribution version control system.  • Designed rich user experience prototype for managing users and roles.  • Involved in Testing and fixing bugs and documented the application step-by-step process.  • Writing JavaScript for Node.JS applications that is useful for interacting with server and network applications.  • Has worked on JQuery mobile which is based on HTML 5 for designing user interfaces for web applications.  • Has worked on JavaScript OOP, Selenium, Cucumber JS for synchronization of data.    Environment: HTML4/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript, AJAX, jQuery, GitHub, perforce, XML, SQL, Python, Windows Platforms & IDE- Eclipse. Front End Developer SBI Life insurance, IndiaJUN 2011 to December 2012 Responsibilities:  • Developed front end UI applications for the business and software systems which consists of IEEE standards.  • Used the functionalities to write code in HTML5/HTML, CSS3/CSS, Angular js, JavaScript, JQUERY, Ajax, JSON, and Bootstrap with MySQL database as the backend.  • Developed server side REST style web services and called them from angular controllers.  • Developed JQuery code using an XML Http Request Adapter to send a AJAX request to the server-sidecode and also implemented a call back function to handle the results.  • Implemented JavaScript source code and embedded nested handling logic using JQuery event handlersand call back functions.  • Web application development for backend system using Angular with cutting edge HTML5 and CSS3techniques.  • Developed the JQuery callback functions for implementing asynchronous communication using AJAX.  • For new website features wrote Angular controllers, views and services.  • Coding, styling, testing of reusable JavaScript, CSS3, HTML5 widgets/ libraries for complete UI controls.  • Designed user friendly navigation for displaying various sections of data using JQuery.  • Created Dynamic Web Pages using Web Controls and developed forms using HTML5.  • Styling pages using CSS3.0 and developed JavaScript for user interfaces.  • Frequently met with the project manager to review project goals and to create proposals for futuredevelopments, researching their fields for UI design.    Environment:  HTML, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript, JQUERY, AJAX, Firebug, chrome dev tools, SQL SERVER 2000, MS Office and online tools. Front end Developer Zen Softech pvt ltd October 2009 to May 2011 Responsibilities:  • To analyze the requirements and develop enhancements that will mostly benefit users.  • Used HTML, CSS, JavaScript to develop websites.  • Modified the existing website by adding suitable naming conventions and coding standards.  • Worked with user interfaces and applied usability principle to portals.  • Primary role was to improve GUI, solve the navigational issues and provide support to the senior web developers.  • To control the usability, aesthetics, speed and communication of the websites.  • Used Wireframes to draw the user requirements.  • Developed clickable prototypes in HTML, DHTML, Photoshop, CSS and JavaScript.  • Tested web sites and fixed any existing bugs using Firebug.  • Provide maintenance to several websites.  • Responsible for code optimization and test the website across different browsers.    Environment: HTML, JavaScript, CSS, Adobe Photoshop, DHTML, MS Office, Firefox, Windows XP. Education Bachelors in Computer Sciences& Engineering JNTU University Additional Information SOFTWARE SKILLS:    Programming Languages: C,C++, JAVA/J2EE, PHP, Python,JavaScript, Restful  Web Technologies: HTML5/4, CSS3, LESS, SASS, JavaScript, Angular, AngularJS 2.0 JQuery, Bootstrap, AJAX, grunt, bower, XML, XHTML and JSON.  Operating Systems: Unix, Linux, Windows and Mac.  JavaScript Libraries JQuery, Backbone.JS, AngularJS, Node.js  Debugging Tools Firebug, Chrome Developer Tools, IE Developer Tools.  IDE Eclipse, Dreamweaver, IntelliJ, NetBeans and Sublime Text  Defect Tracking Tools: JIRA, Test Director, Quality Center and Rally