Front End Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End Developer - Federated Investors, CGI Pittsburgh, PA • 4+ Years of experience in full Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) that includes Analyzing, Designing, Coding,  Testing, implementation & Production Support.  • Experienced in implementing OOPS concepts using Java/J2EE technologies such as Core Java  • Excellent Project implementation skills using advanced Java technologies.  • Well-versed in Object Oriented Programming (OOP) with JavaScript.  • Extensive experience of developing experience using web technologies such as HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, Advanced  JavaScript, AJAX, JQuery, Angular JS, Angular 2, Angular 4, Backbone, React JS, Node JS XML, JSON programming  languages.  • Experience in React JS and Redux library.  • Experience in mobile application design and development using Android development environment and Cross  Platform Ionic.  • Strong JavaScript & JQuery experience - able to write custom code as well as implement existing JQuery plug-in.  • Understanding of W3C standards, accessibility, usability.  • Very good experience in Document Object Model (DOM) and DOM Functions  • Experience in Scrum, Waterfall and agile methodologies.  • Experience in unit testing and E2E testing frameworks like Karma, Jasmine, Protractor and Mocha  • Extensively worked with Version Control Systems like Perforce, GIT and SVN (Subversion).  • Knowledgeable in Ember.js, Knockout.js, Backbone.js, Node.js, and Responsive Web design.  • Working knowledge about MVC and MV* frameworks like Angular.js and React JS  • Familiar with SOAP, REST and JSON API's.  • Excellent communication skills, has clear understanding of business procedures and ability to work as an individual  and as a part of a team.  • A resourceful team player with good Interpersonal, effective problem solving and decision making skills. Work Experience Front End Developer Federated Investors, CGI - Pittsburgh, PA March 2018 to Present Responsibilities:  • Participated in all the phases of SDLC including Requirements Collection, Design & Analysis of the Customer  Specifications, Development and Customization of the application.  • Developed well responsive SPA (single page application) using Angular 2 framework.  • Performed Angular 2 Validation to validate user inputs and to create user-friendly web application.  • Used Angular JS Directives like ng-app, ng-model, ng-repeat, ng-show, ng-hide, ng-controller, ng-route etc.  • Created total pages by using HTML, Advanced JavaScript, CSS, AJAX, Jquery.  • Used Node JS for asynchronous data communication between server and client.  • Worked on Node JS Express JS and Mongo DB along with Mongoose JS to create server-side applications.  • Servlets are used to service requests from UI to manipulate Business Objects and invoke respective EJBs for making  database updates.  • Created User Interface screens using HTML, DHTML, AJAX, CSS, Java script.  • Involved in performance tuning of the application to meet nonfunctional requirements.  • Helped in developing the complete business flow and helped incorporate session validity checks, form validations  and error handling in the application.    1  • Created TypeScript reusable components and services to consume REST API's using Component based architecture  provided by Angular 2.  • Participated in DIT, SIT and UAT testing.  • Used Jenkins to deploy the applications to AWS and used GIT for Version Control of code for incremental  development.  • Exposure to new features and worked in Angular 4.  • Used JIRA for bug tracking and issues tracking.  • Monitored the error logs using Log4J and fixed the problems.    Environment: Node JS, Angular 2, Angular 4, Express JS, HTML, HTML5, DHTML, CSS, LESS, AJAX, JavaScript, NPM, MVC,  JUnit, SVN, JIRA, Jenkins, XML, DB2, Oracle 9i/10g. Front End Developer PNC Bank, CGI - Pittsburgh, PA November 2017 to March 2018 Responsibilities:  • Designed mobile version of the application using hybrid technologies (Angular JS, Ionic, Cordova, Gulp, JavaScript,  CSS, and Html).  • Worked on Angular JS Directives like ng-app, ng-model, ng-repeat, ng-show, ng-hide, ng-controller, ng-route etc.  • Developed reusable components and Services using Angular JS, built hybrid application using Cordova.  • Developed login module for different type of users using Angular JS.  • Created all mobile app hybrid pages by using Ionic and Sass.  • Used Gulp for spinning up a web server and reloading the browser automatically.  • Performed with Gulp services for optimizing assets like CSS, JavaScript and images.  • Implemented Gradle for incremental builds and automation.  • Worked on Cordova for camera, geolocation, file system and other native mobile functions.  • Used Postman to view and analyze request and response from Rest Api.  • Participated in manual testing and UAT testing.  • Worked in a team by sharing code using Bitbucket, GIT as a source control.  • Used Version one for user stories, bug tracking and issues tracking.  • Worked on Agile methodology creating scrum for every three weeks.    Environment: Android Studio, Xcode, Simulator, Visual Studio, Ionic1, Cordova, Angular JS, Gulp, gradle, NPM, Postman, Rest  Api, Git, Version One, Sublime, Agile environment. Angular Developer Spartan Solutions - IN April 2017 to September 2017 Responsibilities:  • Created Front- end Applications using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, Angular JS, Twitter Bootstrap 3, AJAX, XML  and JSON.  • Created various controllers, views using MVC framework Angular JS.  • Worked on Angular JS features like Two Way Binding, Custom Directives, Controllers, Filters, Services and Project  Architecture.  • Used Gulp for spinning up a web server and reloading the browser automatically.  • Processed JSON response data by consuming RESTful web services and used Angular filter for implementing search  results.  • Worked on Consuming RESTful web services using AJAX, Angular $http, $resource and JQuery to exchange  request/responses information with databases such as MySQL and Oracle.    2  • Worked with Twitter Bootstrap framework making use of grids, advance components like Navs, Navbars,  Pagination, Alerts, Progress bars etc.  • Implemented Angular Router to enable navigation from one view to the next as agent performs application tasks.  • Developed interfaces using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, Bootstrap, and Angular JS.  • Built the Responsive UI screen using HTML 5, CSS 3 and twitter Bootstrap.  • Involved in write application level code to interact with APIs, Web Services using AJAX, JSON and XML.  • Worked on Cross-Browser compatibility and fixed the bugs for several browsers.  • Integrated with back end code for highly interactive AJAX based applications.  • Exposure to new features and issues addressed in Angular 2.  • Designed and developed the agent portal using framework Angular 2 along with HTML5, CSS3, and TypeScript.  • Created TypeScript reusable components and services to consume REST API's using Component based architecture  provided by Angular 2.  • Performed Unit testing Angular JS code using tools like Jasmine, Karma.  • Debug the issue in firebug for Firefox, web developer tools in Chrome, Safari and IE 8,9,10 browsers.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, Javascript, JQuery, Bootstrap, Angular JS, React JS, Java, GIT, MySql, Karma, Jasmine,  Protractor. Front end Developer KiwiTech - Delhi, Delhi March 2016 to February 2017 Roles/Responsibilities:  • Developed in: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, Bootstrap, Angular JS.  • Built pages using JavaScript, JQuery, CSS3, HTML/HTML5 and Angular JS.  • Experience on working on cross browser compatibility issues using CSS reset, CSS normalization and vendor  prefixes  • Built the Responsive UI screen using HTML 5, CSS 3 and twitter Bootstrap.  • Developed RESTFUL Web services using Spring Boot for exchanging data between the server and In house web  portal.  • Implemented single page architecture using Angular JS 1.x  • Used Jenkins as continuous integration tool to schedule and run the automated test scripts  • Created and optimized graphic prototype websites and applications interfaces using HTML5 and CSS3.  • Involved in write application level code to interact with APIs, Web Services using AJAX, JSON and XML.  • Developed custom angular directives for DOM manipulation.  • Wrote custom services and factories in Angular JS for code reusability.  • Implemented and designed user interface for web based customer application.  • Designed business applications using web technologies like HTML, XHTML, and CSS based on the W3C standards.  • Used SVN as source code repository and versioning.    Environment: Core Java, HTML/ HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, Spring, JSON, XML, XHTML, Angular JS, Eclipse,  SVN, MVC, Bootstrap, MySql, Jenkins, OSX. Jr. Web Developer SynapseIndia - Delhi, Delhi October 2014 to March 2016 Roles/Responsibilities:  • Development of application using Java/J2EE, Spring, Hibernate, Web Services (SOAP & REST), JQuery, JSTL ,  Oracle, Maven technologies.    3  • Created Spring Configuration files & used annotations to auto wire Java Components using Spring Dependency  Injection.  • Coded presentation layer components comprising of JSP, Spring Controllers, Spring and JSTL Tags.  • Hands on experience with data persistence using Hibernate and Spring Framework.  • Involved in implementation of enterprise integration with Web Services and Legacy Systems using SOAP and REST  API's.  • Responsible configuring Log4j configuration for the application.  • Involved in setting up Maven configuration and helping Continuous Integration (CI) Issues.  • Have done Database integration using SQL queries and developed JUnit test cases to test various Java components.  • Developed Object Model and UML design models for developing Use cases and created Sequence diagram, class  diagram and activity diagrams for application components and interfaces.  • Involved in writing various SQL Queries and PL/SQL stored procedures to satisfy various business requirements of the application.  • Worked closely with various teams to resolve issues which include: Business, QA, Build & Deployment, Tier2,  Production Support teams.  • Mentored, trained and educating the users in technology perspective, walk through and review sessions, closely  worked with users, developers and team members in problem solving.  • Configured and deployed an enterprise application on to Tomcat.    Environment: Java, JSP, HTML / HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, GUI, jQuery, XML, Bootstrap, Agile Methodologies, Web  Services, JSON, SOAP, REST, SQL, PL/SQL, Oracle, OS X, Unit Testing. Education B.E in Computer Science Rajiv Gandhi Proudyogiki Vishwavidyalaya - Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh Skills HTML (3 years), HTML5 (2 years), Java (2 years), Jquery. (2 years), XML (2 years) Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:    Programming Languages: Java, HTML, SQL, PL/SQL, Node JS.  Front End: Java Script, jQuery, AJAX, Angular JS, Angular 2, Angular 4,Express.js, Ionic, Cordova, PHP, Wordpress, HTML,  HTML5, XML, JSON, XSL, CSS, CSS3, Bootstrap.  J2EE Technologies: JSP, Servlet, Java Beans, JDBC, Web Services, SOAP, WSDL, RESTFUL, AJAX, JNDI, JMS  Databases: SQLServer2005, MySQL,Mongo, Oracle.  Web/App Servers: Apache Tomcat, Web Sphere 8.0(beta), Web logic and Tomcat.  Version Control System: SVN, GIT.  Desktop Tools: Acrobat Writer, MS Word, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint and MS Access.  Debugging Tools: Firebug, Bugzilla, Chrome Developer Tools IDE, Editors Eclipse IDE, Notepad++, Net Beans IDE, Microsoft  Visual Studio.  Operating Systems: Windows XP/Vista/7/8/10, Ubuntu, Linux, Mac OS X