Front End Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End Engineer St. Louis, MO Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Front End Developer VMG Resorts - Ballwin, MO July 2018 to Present • Leading Front- End Development on a property distribution and management tool, as well as, maintaining and creating new features for an internal project.  • Providing leadership and guidance multiple on-going projects  • Mentoring Jr. developer on Front- End development, with introductions to accessibility, semantic HTML markup and more. Front End Developer Agilis Systems - Chesterfield, MO July 2017 to Present • Lead the front end development on the marketing team utilizing Static Site Generators to quickly iterate and launch product sites and marketing landing pages.  • Developed & maintained a custom order form for Agilis Systems affiliated resellers. Front End Developer FleishmanHillard - St. Louis, MO January 2017 to Present My responsibilities while at FH was to use my expert knowledge with a variety of front- end languages, such as HTML, Sass, JavaScript and jQuery, in order to create  responsive and successful websites for FleishmanHillard clientele. Front End Developer Sigma-Aldrich - St. Louis, MO June 2016 to December 2016 Building the core kitchen sink, as well as applying quality assurance to our custom  elements, was my primary responsibility while working at Sigma-Aldrich. We used a variety of languages, such as Java, XHTML, and Sass while taking advantage of  Bootstrap 3 as our core framework. Front End Web Developer Rose Design, Inc - St. Louis, MO July 2015 to April 2016 While working at Rose Design, my responsibilities were to create responsive templates and custom wordpress themes for our clientele. Some of the languages we used were  HTML5, PHP, Sass, and JavaScript. Web Developer Gillan Graphics - St. Louis, MO September 2014 to February 2016 While being a part of the Gillan Graphics team, my role was to create custom eShops  for Gillan's clientele. These websites were built off the Inksoft platform, a spin-off of Wordpress, and required expert JavaScript knowledge, as well as, a strong HTML and  CSS foundation. Front End Web Developer Replications Unlimited LLC - St. Louis, MO March 2015 to July 2015 During this brief contract position, my role was to transfer our Joomla websites to Wordpress and create a custom child theme for each of the sister businesses. This  position tested my skills with FTP, PHP, HTML5, CSS3 and jQuery. Education Bachelor of Arts Art Institute of St. Louis - Saint Charles, MO Skills Git (4 years), HTML5 (5 years), JavaScript (5 years), Sass (3 years), Front End (5 years), React (3 years), UI, Front-End, HTML 5 Links http://zachbharris.com