Developer <span class="hl">Developer</span> Developer - Angular/Node Homestead, FL • Over 4+ years of experience in Analysis, Design, Development, Support, Implementation and testing of Web based and Client Server applications.  • Experience in Full software development life cycle implementation including Business interaction, Requirement Analysis, Software Architecture, Design, Development, Testing and Documentation phases on Windows platforms.  • Experience in developing highly interactive Web Applications utilizing JavaScript, HTML5, CSS, JSON, Angular JS 1.2/2/4/5 and Bootstrap.  • In-depth knowledge of web technologies and standards to deliver the best experiences across web and mobile devices including responsive Web UI.  • Excellent in front- end UI design implementations by writing HTML5/HTML, CSS3/CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript, jQuery, jQuery UI, jQuery Mobile to make better Single Page Application SPA working on Node.JS Server.  • Good Experience in developing the Single Page Applications using AngularJS.  • Experience on working with Custom Directives, Controllers, Services, filters modules of AngularJS.  • Working experience on CSS Background, CSS Positioning, CSS Text, CSS Border, CSS Margin, CSS Padding, CSS Table and CSS Behaviors in CSS.  • Experience in implementing AutoComplete/Auto Suggest functionality using jQuery, DHTML, Web API calls and JSON.  • Developed Page layouts design with the help of HTML5 and CSS3 with the help of CSS preprocessors Less for creating clean and faster style sheet and responsive by Media Queries.  • Cooperating with the back- end Developer in the process of building the Restful API with Angular JS.  • Good knowledge of Object-Oriented Programming (OOPS) concepts.  • Expertise on server-side scripting JavaScript framework Node.js, Express.js, connected to MongoDB. Used NPM for Node.js development and server-side packages.  • Good Understanding of Document Object Model (DOM) and DOM Functions compatibility and SEO / web standards  • Designed and implemented the enhanced development platform by doing POC using frameworks like Angular2, NodeJS, NPM.  • Experience in developing applications using different IDEs like Eclipse, My Eclipse, WSAD, IRAD, and JBuilder.  • Expert knowledge in the following UI design practices and concepts: user-centered design, UI heuristics and principles, technical writing, business and user workflow, logical information organization and navigation, prototyping and use case scenarios.  • Strong foundation in JavaScript along with AngularJS 1.2/1.5 and experience in Angular 2.0,4,5.  • Experienced in designing wireframes, prototypes, information architecture, navigation, visual elements and interface based on usability principles.  • Proficiency in building responsive and mobile optimized websites using Bootstrap.  • Excellent working knowledge and thorough exposure on cross browser / cross device compatibility, with emphasis on Responsive Design principles and Interactive Web Design from a simple transition effect to parallax scrolling, rich media presentations.  • Worked extensively in Agile Development process.  • Developing Hibernate Configuration files for MySQL 5.1, Oracle 10g &11g and MongoDB.  • Good understanding of Model View Controller MVC, MVVM, and MVP design patterns.  • Experience working with the source control and versioning tools like SVN, TFS.  • Extensive experience in Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) - Requirements analysis, Design documents, Coding, and writing Test cases and experience in Unit Testing and Integrated Testing.  • Experience in working with customers to determine their needs, gather, analyze and document requirements, communicate with customers throughout the development cycle, manage customer expectations, resolve issues and provide project status. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Developer Angular/Node - Homestead, FL January 2018 to Present • Remove Angular2 when every module has been migrated to Angular4.  • For migration from Angular2 to Angular4, make all modules export an NgModule.  • The app combines aspects of Angular 1 and Angular 2, although the Angular 2 code is just a wrapper around the Angular 1 application.  • Migrated individual components and services of this application from Angular 4 to Angular 5, one module at a time.  • In this application module has been migrated to Angular 2, all its routes are handled by the Angular 2 router.  • Designed and developed a proof-of-concept real-time notification system using Node.js and Socket.IONGINX  • Minimizes database queries while including dynamic search for channels and other users with React and updated in real-time with WebSocket protocol.  • Used core java concepts like Multithreading/Executor Service, web sockets, exception handling and collections.  • Worked on converting our product from an on-premise to a cloud-based application based on Angular 4 and CouchDB replaced Liferay and Tomcat code.  • Set up frontend Vue routing and backend Node.js routing for request processing and data sending.  • Created RESTful APIs in Java environment using JAX-RS and Node.JS using Express.JS framework.  • Used Npm/Bower package manager for managing dependences for application in the Node.JS environment.  • Used and configured NGINX and Node.js servers for the portal to run on and made them work even for CORS.  • Worked with JSON, HAML, Sass, and Coffee Script and used GitHub for version control.  • Worked on an application from front- end enhancements (Html/JavaScript/jQuery/ Coffee Script), to backend architectural changes and Used coffee script for implementation.  • Designed and Developed JavaScript frame work (Angular.js) which is wrapper on top of jQuery frame work and AJAX based UI frame work for UI Configuration widgets  • Used jQuery JavaScript libraries for providing richer user interface and facilitates asynchronous request invocations using AJAX.  • Created custom angular directives and filters for filtering the data that we display on the web page.  • Implemented one-way reactive data flow to reduce boilerplate using React.  • Implemented new website design layout for conversion of existing static websites to responsive.  • Refactored a Templating application designed to construct data input sub-modules in HTML.  • Coded JSP pages and used JavaScript for client-side validations and to achieve other client-side functionality.  • Extensively used JavaScript for adding dynamic web content to Web Pages.  • Created Web Applications with real-time, two-way connection, where both Client and Server can initiate communication by using Angular.js.  • Designed SPAs using Angular.JS concepts of Directives, Services, Promises, Templating, Scope, Dependency Injection and two-way data binding.  • Created and optimized graphic prototype websites and applications interfaces using HTML and CSS.  • Involved in writing application level code to interact with APIs, Restful Web Services using AJAX, JSON.  • Worked on application backend implemented as Node.js express application server.  • Worked with modules like MongoDB and mongoose for database persistence using Node.js to interact with mongo db.  • Designed dynamic client-side JavaScript codes to build web forms and simulate process for web application, page navigation and form validation using various frameworks like React and Backbone JS.  • Used ES6 and React.js for constructing the UI with re-usable components.  • Worked on Responsive Web Design (RWD) using media queries and Bootstrap.  • Developed a fully functional prototype application using JavaScript ( Backbone.js and Bootstrap)  • Used Source Repository Git stash to maintain current and previous builds. Used GIT GUI to check-in and GIT Bash for check-out  • Developed and Implemented Web Services and used Spring Framework for dependency injection and integrated with Hibernate and JSF.  • Used WebLogic Application Server for deploying the web application.  • Installed and Configured Eclipse and WebSphere application Server.  • Worked on Java persistence layer in application migration to Cassandra using Spark to load data to and from Cassandra Cluster.  • Wrote SQL Queries to interact with Oracle database using JDBC.  • Worked with two different sources Oracle and Hadoop and display/hide data based on the data source.  • Developed web applications using Spring MVC framework for this application.  • Updated Agile tracking systems to provide transparency on product and sprint backlogs.  • Wrote test cases in a JavaScript Framework Jasmine to run in a Browser using Karma.  • Performed End to End testing using Protractor and selenium and involved in setting up the project using Jenkins for continuous builds and deployments on WebSphere Application Server. Web Developer World Fuel Service - Miami, FL October 2016 to December 2017 • Responsibilities  • Involved in all the phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) including Requirements gathering, Designing, Programming, Testing and Documentation of various projects.  • Managed as assistant lead for the team, communicating company goals and deadlines, updating management on team performance and project reports.  • Responsible for setting up Angular JS framework for UI development. Developed html views with HTML5, CSS3, JSON and AngularJS, Bootstrap.  • Involved in Wireframe creation and converted the wireframes into HTML5 and CSS based prototypes.  • Extensively worked on Bootstrapping for grid and Kendo spreadsheet with AngularJS.  • Designed Frontend with in object-oriented JavaScript Framework like bootstrap  • Developed SEO strategies for client based on keyword research, keyword strategy, competitive analysis, domain authority, current ranking and other factors that contribute to developing a successful SEO campaign.  • Designed Dojo widgets and reusable modules with Dojo.  • Worked with NPM to set up the environment and install tools for AngularJS based Application.  • Added Responsive features to fit modern website requirements in different devices by using CSS3 Media Queries.  • Developed the application as Single Page Application (SPA) using AngularJS MVVM framework.  • Used and implemented different open source AngularJS Material libraries like material, angular-aria and animate to make different features of the applications which included navbar, show and hide buttons.  • Implemented applications using CSS, HTML framework such as Kendo UI, Semantic UI.  • Utilized modules for the flow control inasynchronous non-blocking of I/O with the help of Node.js.  • Using node.js recreated API's in the backend using Mongo dB and separated it to the frontend.  • Designed and developed the API service for client small business site using Node.js.  • Used AJAX to consume data from Back End Restful Services.  • Experienced in NPM and Browser sync to developed web programming.  • Integrated REST web service calls to get data from response and display them on UI and also used AngularJS services like $q, $http, $broadcast, $emit, $on.  • Client-Side validations were done using JavaScript and Angular JS.  • Used CSS preprocessor LESS and WEB Essentials for converting LESS to CSS file while deployment.  • Followed Agile (SCRUM) methodologies for Software Development.  • Created the Setup Automation Wizard Pages and Rules Configuration Pages using, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap etc.  • Response UI and website layout is achieved using Bootstrap framework and Angular.js which helped in bootstrapping web application efficiently without registering call backs which helped in code debugging.  • Worked extensively on JSON request and response payload, defining or changing their structures.  • Developed internal and external validation code using JavaScript and bootstrapping.  • Using the Angular JS MVC framework that connects to internal and public RESTful API's.  • Used Bootstrap Carousel, Accordion and other controls to build fluid and responsible web pages.  • Participated extensively in developing the cross browser compatible websites and performed cross-browser testing.  • Worked on Browser Compatibility and tested each and every web application on popular web browsers such as Internet Explorer, Firefox, Safari, Opera and Chrome.  • Designed front end web applications by writing HTML code with the help of Search Engine Optimization (SEO) techniques.  • Designed UI patterns, UX patterns, GUI designs, page illustrations, and user conceptual designs, templates and banners using Adobe Photoshop CS5 and Adobe Illustrator CS5.  • Experience in creating test suites using Jasmine and Karma with angular 2 integration.  • Worked on angular.js 2 validations to provide the better security in web applications.  • Worked on custom components by extending existing components.  • Environment: HTML5, HTML4, CSS3.0, CSS2.0, JavaScript, Polymers, jQuery, Bootstrap, AJAX, Dojo,JSON, XML, REST. Front End Developer Tachyon IT Solutions Pvt. Ltd - Hyderabad, Telangana May 2015 to September 2016 RESPONSIBILITIES:  • Developed source code to consume JSON response received through AJAX calls using jQuery. Ajax () calls.  • Developed JavaScript code and responsible for client-side validations using jQuery functions.  • Coding, styling, testing of reusable JavaScript, CSS3, HTML5 widgets / libraries for complex UI controls.  • Responsible for JavaScript / AJAX UI upgrades and improvements.  • Built Rich Prototypes and Applications using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Ajax, JSON, with MySQL database.  • Enhanced the presentation layer using HTML, and CSS.  • Wrote the backend to modify the tags in the database using JSON for data transmission.  • Facilitated User Testing sessions to solicit feedback on prototypes.  • Developed the UI using SWT to add/remove tags.  • Tested cross browser functionality and fixed major layout bugs for supported browsers including IE6.  • Worked through cross browser compatibility issues with layout and styles for all new CSS that was implemented.  • Made enhancements to existing CSS and DIV tags using box model.  • Developed the server dependency for the frontend.  • Developed callback functions to parse and handle JSON data returned from the server.  • Designed the front- end applications, user interactive (UI) web pages using web technologies like HTML, XHTML, and CSS.  • Using advanced level of jQuery, AJAX, JavaScript, CSS and pure CSS layouts.  • Wrote jQuery function while implementing various UI Screens across the whole web application (both consumers facing as well as internal application).  • Involved in writing application level code to interact with APIs, Web Services using AJAX, JSON and XML.  • Designed and developed intranet web applications using JavaScript and CSS.  • Maintain, enhance, and recommend solutions that best suit business and technology needs from UI standpoint.  • Define technical requirements based upon business requirements.  • Creating cross-browser compatible and standards-compliant CSS-based page layouts.  • Strong communication, analytical and interpersonal skills working within cross-functional teams.  • Worked on cross browser compatibility issues and fix the bugs pertaining to various browsers.  • Used HTML, CSS, and JavaScript for the front end designing.  • Rewrote front end HTML and CSS to meet validation requirements.  • In addition to code development, maintained project documentation and assisted in application design.  • Used JavaScript, CSS, and HTML to create front- end screens of the module.  • Used JavaScript and jQuery for validating the input given to the user interface.  • Developed web presentation layer using HTML and CSS according to internal standards and guidelines.  • Interacting with the project leaders, team leaders, designing and developing web pages, animations, still graphics, banners, greeting cards, logos etc.  • Worked closely with Program Engineers how the front end and back end mechanism works in order to develop an interface.  • Involved in documenting the details related to Changes occurring in the system, following the Quality processes.  • Environment: Visual Studio 2005, JavaScript, jQuery, SQL Server 2005, HTML, CSS. Education Bachelor's Skills angular (4 years), node (4 years), web deve (4 years), frontend developer (4 years)