Front- End Developer <span class="hl">Front</span>-<span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front- End Developer Hayward, CA Creative Font- End Web Developer with around 4 years of Experience with thorough knowledge of HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript, ReactJS, Redux leveraging these technical skills for building responsive websites-applications and interactive feature that drive business growth and improve UI/UX. Work Experience Front- End Developer MetLife - Cary, NC January 2018 to March 2019 • Involved in creating a reusable component using React JS for DOM Manipulation.  • Use Redux library for managing the entire state of the application making application easy to test and maintain in different environment with consistent behavior  • Converted the mock-ups into hand-written HTML, CSS3, JavaScript and React JS.  • Used Axios with react for making AJAX Calls and used AJAX feature and JSON5 to achieve exchanging data with server asynchronously.  • Handled browser compatibility issues in browsers such as IE, Firefox, and Chrome.  • Made use of Scrum team structure and Agile development in the project developing.  Environment: JavaScript, ES6, CSS3, HTML5, React JS, MongoDB, AJAX, JSON, Karma, Jasmine RESTful, Bitbucket, JIRA, Visual Studio Code, Scrum, Agile. Web Developer ATMA Autotech May 2015 to August 2016 • It was an internal application for managing the goods in the supplier department.  • Developing non-functional HTML, CSS pages from the mock ups and involved in Code review.  • Mainly focusing on cross-browser compatibility and fixed the bugs for several browsers with JavaScript.  • Worked closely with back end team to implement AJAX call to REST APIs and update dynamic functionality of HTML in ReactJS  • Converted the mock-ups into hand-written HTML, CSS3, JavaScript and ReactJS.  • Involved in UI Testing, which is generally testing the graphical user interfaces, how user interacts with the application, testing application elements like fonts, layouts, buttons, images, colors etc.  Environment: JavaScript, CSS3, HTML5, AJAX, JSON, Bitbucket, JIRA, Agile, ReactJS. Web Developer ATMA Autotech May 2014 to December 2014 • Work with senior-level developers/mentors on development projects for the website, both large and small, throughout the various phases of the project life cycle.  • Collaborate with Agile teams where they will assist with developing code using technologies like JS.  • Involved in brainstorming sessions to come up with new ideas.  • Maintain existing code and functionality once it is assimilated into the ongoing operation of the Web Business  • Collaborate with Agile team where they will assist with developing code using technologies like JavaScript.  • Learnt how to use tools like SASS, LESS for CSS development and how to minify code -CSS and JS  Environment: JavaScript, CSS, HTML, XML AJAX, JSON, Bitbucket, JIRA Education B.S. in Computer Science California State University December 2017 B.S. in Information Technology University of Mumbai - Mumbai, Maharashtra May 2015 Skills Javascript, MySQL, React, UI, Front-End, Angular, Front End