Front End Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End Developer San Francisco, CA I am Front End developer with 2 years of professional experience and a strong background in JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3, jQuery and currently working professionally with React.js, Webpack, Redux, and ES6. I have a passion for solving difficult problems, writing e efficient algorithms, data structure and architecting scalable and modularized software.  My skills include: JavaScript, HTML&CSS, jQuery, AngularJS,React.JS, Node/ExpressJS, MongoDB and SQL. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Front End Developer DropSpot - San Francisco, CA January 2017 to Present Developed mockups into front end screens using HTML5, CSS3 and integrated user-facing elements with server side logic by services using ReactJS, JavaScript, and AJAX.  Built Single Page Applications (SPA) using ReactJS, and Object Oriented JavaScript.  Worked on Gulp task runner to automate the client and minified JavaScript, CSS3, HTML5 code to increase the server performance.  Worked in all phases of SDLC, including requirements analysis, design, and development, bug fixing, supporting QA teams and debugging production issues.  Participated in Agile SCRUM meetings, sprint planning sessions, and retrospective meetings. Web Developer Huge Inc - San Francisco, CA July 2016 to December 2017 Architected non-functional HTML5, CSS3 pages from the mockups and involved in UI review with Business Units.  Responsible for checking cross-browser compatibility issues and hence worked on different browsers like safari, Internet explorer, Firefox and Google chrome.  Created web pages for each project, and used jQuery for client-side events and validations. Responsively coded and designed website using CSS preprocessor LESS and SASS.  Involved in UI Testing which is generally testing the graphical user interfaces, how user interacts with the application, testing application elements like fonts, layouts, buttons, images, colors etc. HTML5 Developer Tech Stone Soft - San Francisco, CA January 2015 to January 2016 Develop and implementing responsive landing web pages in HTML5, CSS3 and Bootstrap .  Build and optimize front- end UI functionality to ensure web applications are rendered consistently in cross-browser environment.  Development, maintenance, troubleshooting and enhancements of the existing advertising and promotional web, video and mobile web applications. Education BS.Mathema ics Isra Technology UC February 2008 to January 2011 Links http://www.github.com/Asamaha http://adamsamaha.com/ Additional Information US Citizen / Authorized to work for any employer.