SOFTWARE DEVELOPER SOFTWARE <span class="hl">DEVELOPER</span> SOFTWARE DEVELOPER - PayPal Austin, TX Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience SOFTWARE DEVELOPER PayPal 2017 to Present Implemented new revenue driving application features. Expanded support to 200+ countries by repositioning the codebase as a platform. Developed scalable web application code compliant with best practices and code using functional  programming principles and libraries. Drove teams to the highest standards through code reviews. Partnered with design and product stakeholders to gather requirements and deliver projects on time. Utilized the test-driven development method  to unit test components via Jest and React testing library. Eliminated bugs tracked within Jira.  Key Accomplishments:  ? Reduced bugs and implemented new features into applications.  ? Completed a project on time and within schedule while adding instant real time payment support for transfers. SOFTWARE DEVELOPER J&J Worldwide Services 2016 to 2017 Produced code within an Agile environment. Collaborated with two other individuals on the team to manage new projects and complete debugging tasks. Positioned the company to have an advantage over the competition by building custom  applications. Wrote reusable code and adhered to clean coding practices. Developed modern applications using dynamic and  intuitive UI / UX designs. Initiated internal quality assurance processes. Ensured schedules and production release goals  were met. Researched new technologies and acquired new skills.  Key Accomplishments:  ? Automated a task saving man hours for the department handling invoicing by designing and contributing to a new  front- end system resulting in improved productivity.  ? Provided a new selling point above the competition helping provide transparency to management on proposals. FRONT - END DEVELOPER The Iron Yard 2016 to 2016 Built responsive, scalable, and modular web applications. Implemented JavScript MVC frameworks and libraries. Analyzed and debugged code while integrating RESTful JSON APIs into projects. Applied Firebase to build data tables and add data  persistence layers to web applications. Co-developed mock-ups and wireframes for web and mobile applications. Education MIS COURSEWORK UNIVERSITY OF HOUSTON DOWNTOWN 2016 AA LONE STAR COMMUNITY COLLEGE 2013 Skills Javascript, Git, HTML 5, CSS, Software Development, PostgresSQL, node.js, React.js Links http://linkedin.com/in/Devyn-holman-a7113737