Java developer Java <span class="hl">developer</span> Java developer Frisco, TX Java/J2EE professional having 5+ years of IT Experience in developing, deploying, and managing Web/Enterprise based applications, client/server-based applications and extensive relational database-based applications.    ? Strong work experience in Web based application development, Database programming, distributed computing, Server-side programming and Client Server computing in multi-threaded software systems using Java and XML parsing.  ? Experience in in core Java, J2EE, JDBC and solid experience in MVC architecture.  ? Worked on all phases of Software Development Life Cycle SDLC including requirements gathering through client interaction, Design, Documentation, Development, Integration, Testing, Configuration and Production Support.  ? Experience in design, development and deployment of web-based application and Client - Server based application using J2EE (Servlets, JSP and JDBC) and Java Frame works such as springs (IOC, AOP, MVC, DAO)  ? Working knowledge of Cloud Computing Service environment like (AWS) Amazon Web Services.  ? Developed Micro-Services based architecture to enable the application deployed on AWS.  ? Expertise in React JS framework to develop the SPA.  ? Experienced in React JS and working with React Flux architecture.  ? JDBC, AOP, ORM, Spring Boot, Spring Data and Web services. Well versed in using JSON and AJAX to link with back- end applications.  ? Implemented Dependency Injection, Cross cutting logics, Persistence layer using Spring MVC Framework.  ? Experience in major web applications servers, including Apache Tomcat, JBoss and WebLogic.  ? Hands on experience in building tools like Maven, Gradle.  ? Worked on Hibernate framework and applied concepts like Criteria, Projections and Cache mechanism for developing persistent layer and to Implement database interactions.  ? Strong front- end UI development skills using scripting languages like HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript and jQuery and AJAX.  ? Experience as a User Interface/ Front End Developer (UX) in developing web applications using HTML5, CSS3 XHTML, XML, Bootstrap, Java Script, and jQuery, single page applications using Angular.  ? Sound knowledge of Advanced JavaScript libraries and frameworks such as Express JS, Angular, React Native, Node JS and object-oriented programing in JS.  ? Extensive experience in Cross-browser HTML, CSS JavaScript coding to offer responsive website layouts to modern browsers and mobile devices.  ? Experience in mobile development Android using Native (Android studio) and React- Native.  ? Ability to learn new technologies with minimal time.  ? An energetic individual, able to communicate effectively, to work collaboratively to resolve problems. Ability to work in team environment and motivate team members as well. Sponsorship required to work in the US Work Experience Java developer Birla Minacs Solution - Mumbai, Maharashtra January 2015 to May 2016 Responsibilities  • Involved in Analysis, Design, Development and Testing of application using Agile Model and Daily Scrum meetings.  • Involved in the integration of Spring for implementing Dependency Injection (DI/IoC)  • Closely worked with business system analyst to understand the requirements to ensure that right set of UI modules been built.  • Implemented spring modules (IOC, AOP, BATCH, BOOT) for developing the web application.  • Implemented Spring Boot and Spring Security for RAD (Rapid Application Development) during web development.  • Developed the entire application implementing MVC Architecture integrating JSF with Hibernate and spring frameworks.  • Developed backend server code using REST architecture and frameworks like spring, Hibernate and JPA.  • Created MAVEN archetypes for generating fully functional REST web services supporting both XML and JSON message transformation. Archetypes built on spring technology.  • Used hibernate to store the persistence data into the Oracle database and written HQL to access the data from the database. Annotations were used in hibernate mapping instead of XML mapping.  • Developed the DAO layer for the application using Spring Hibernate Template support.  • Implemented Spring Boot and Spring Security for RAD (Rapid Application Development) during web development.  • Worked with the team in designing Use Cases using UML and involved the entire functional requirements life cycle.  • Defined access management policy, implemented policy, added multi factor authentication and documented role-based access control in AWS IAM as well as other tools used by the organization like EC2, S3, RDS, and Auto Scaling.  • Created user-friendly GUI interface and Web pages using jQuery, JSON, JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3, and Angular JS.  • Experience with Angular Js in two-way data binding.  • Developed RESTful web services using JAX-RS, and spring frameworks and persistence using Hibernate and JPA ORM frameworks.  • Jersey implementation of JAX-RS is utilized to develop RESTful Web services.  • Java Persistence API (JPA) with Hibernate is used to develop the persistence layer.  • Developed the internal portal using JSP, Servlets, HTML, JavaScript, CSS and jQuery.  • Handled Browser compatibility issues in XHTML, CSS and Java Script for IE, Firefox and Chrome browsers.  • Used jQuery core library functions for the logical implementation part at client side for all the applications.  • Utilized various JavaScript and Angular JS frameworks, AJAX for form validation and other interactive features.  • Developed Add, Edit and profile view web pages for the users using JSP, JSTL tag library.  • Involved in writing application level code to interact with RESTful Web APIs, using AJAX, JSON, XML and jQuery.  • Used Ajax, jQuery to update the components of the customizable interface without refreshing the page.  • Used JavaScript and JSP validation framework for Client-side validations and Hibernate validation for Server-side validations.  • Effectively followed agile methodology and Scrum process for the implementation of the project.  Environment: JAVA, J2EE, JDBC, Tomcat 6, HTML, CSS, XML, JavaScript. Java Developer Byte alpha Solution - Hyderabad, Telangana July 2013 to December 2014 Responsibilities:  • Identified System Requirements, involved in the technical design and created the detail design artifacts such as Use Case Diagrams, Class diagrams and Sequence diagrams.  • Designed and developed the GUI based on Servlets, JSP, CSS, HTML, JavaScript, jQuery.  • Handled Browser compatibility issues for different browsers related to CSS and HTML  • Worked on front- end validation through JavaScript and back- end validation using Spring Validation Classes.  • Managed connectivity using JDBC for querying/inserting data management including triggers and stored procedures.  • Involved in DB design and development of Enterprise Eligibility business objects with Object Relational Mapping Framework Hibernate.  • Implemented MySQL as my persistence layer and used queries and established connections.  • Involved in fixing defects and unit testing with test cases using JUnit.  • Developed user and technical documentation.  Environment: J2EE, JDBC, Spring, Hibernate, HTML, CSS, XML, log4j, MVC, JavaScript. Front End developer Wolf Soft - Vadodara, Gujarat May 2012 to June 2013 Responsibilities:  • Contributed web application development with the user authentication and message transferring service through software lifecycle, from requirement definitions to successful deployment.  • Worked with the team in designing and development of Application UI using UML, JSP, Servlets, HTML, JavaScript, CSS and jQuery.  • Used JavaScript and JSP validation framework for Client-side validations and Server-side validations.  • Configured Oracle connection pool, which is included in Oracle JDBC driver JAR file, to allow concurrent access to the database and optimize performance.  • Implemented unit tests and code reviews using Junit and deploy the application on Tomcat server.  • Extensively used Hibernate in Data Access Object (DAO) persistence layer to access and update information in the database.  • Involved in creating the Hibernate POJO Objects and mapped using Hibernate Annotations.  • Performed code review and test cases review for the message related features.  Environment: Ajax, JavaScript, Spring MVC, Spring Boot, ORM (Hibernate), Spring IOC, JSP Servlets, Oracle, Core Java, J2EE, HTML, XML, CSS, Eclipse, Tom Cat. Education Master of Science Lamar University - Frisco, TX March 2017 to December 2018 Bachelor of Engineering in Engineering Gujarat Technological University Skills CSS (4 years), HTML (4 years), JAVA (4 years), JAVASCRIPT (4 years), JDBC (4 years) Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:  Languages C, Java, JavaScript, Python  Frameworks Spring, JDBC, Hibernate, Django, React-Native, Angular JS, React JS  Web Technologies HTML, CSS, JSX, JavaScript, jQuery  Web Services SOAP, REST, WSDL, JAX-WS, JAX-RS, Micro-Services  Database Oracle, MySQL, Firebase  IDE Eclipse, Visual Studio, NetBeans  Web Servers IBM Web Sphere, Apache Tomcat, Web Logic  Unit Testing Junit, Jest  Cloud Technologies AWS  Build Management Ant, Maven  Mobile Development Android Studio, React - native