Web Developer Web <span class="hl">Developer</span> web developer Buffalo, NY • Having 7+ years of experience in the IT Industry with diversified exposure in Software Process Engineering, designing and building a Web Application using Java based Technology & open source applications.  • Experience and hands-on knowledge in object-oriented web and design methodologies, web content management process.  • Experienced in SDLC, Object oriented analysis/design and development, MVC architecture/implementation.  • Experience in Web Application Development using Client Script design technologies like Angular JS, JQuery as well as HTML5, CSS3, XML, JavaScript.  • Experienced in leveraging RDBMS like Oracle, MySQL.  • Experience in working with application server technologies like JBoss, Apache Tomcat., IBM Web Sphere and Web Logic.  • Experience in using Open Source frameworks like Grunt, JUnit, Log4J, and MAVEN.  • Involved in developing UML diagrams like use cases, class diagrams and sequence diagrams using Rational Rose and MS Visio tool.  • Involved in developing Web Services using XML over HTTP(s), SOAP, WSDL, RESTFul protocols.  • Experience in working on XML related technologies like XML, XSL, SAX and DOM..  • Worked on different platforms like Windows 2003 Server, Windows 2000 Professional, Windows XP, UNIX and LINUX.  • Extensive experience in working IDE tools like Eclipse, NetBeans, WSAD.  • Configuration and Version control management using Git, Rational Clear Case, CVS, VSS, SVN.  • Capable of learning new technologies and adapt to new environments quickly.  • A resourceful team player with good inter-personal skills, effective problem - solving and decision-making skills, looking for a satisfying career in a fair working environment with opportunities for growth. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Web Developer New Jersey April 2015 to Present Responsibilities  • Participating in all phases of software development life cycle (SDLC): analysis, design, development, unit test, debug, production move support, maintain and update documents.  • Involved in gathering the user requirements, create a functional Specification, communicate with internal developers and execute the requirements as per the priorities.  • Functioned as web developer, for the design and implementation of User Wire frames and projects using Mockup plus.  • Created reusable, well unit tested Angular JS components as a part of an enterprise UI framework.  • Worked proficiently with advanced JavaScript concepts; AngularJS directives, services, dependency injection, Javascript design patterns, callbacks, classes.  • Integrated the UI with RESTful APIs for server side functionality.  • Identified and worked upon cross-browser compatibility issues.  • Gathered experience with legacy systems and modern web browsers.   • Testing requests and response functionalities for the Json files.   • Used with Javascript build tools, such as Grunt for creating and manipulating tasks and plugins.  • Writing the front end look and appearance for the screens using JavaScript, AJAX, AngularJS, Bootstrap and jquery.   • Added the necessary responsive design for display and full functionality on tablet and mobile.  • Documented software deliverables through use cases, design documents and technical specifications.  • Worked in a fast paced and agile development environment.  • Bug fixes and minor enhancements carried out in agile methodology in co-ordination with QA team.    Skills Used  AngularJS-1.4, JavaScript-1.8, HTML5, CSS3, Tomcat Server, Eclipse, REST, jQuery, Bootstrap, Chrome Developer Tools, Grunt, Mockup Plus, GIT UI Developer GWT, SQL, JIRA - Horn Lake, MS October 2014 to March 2015 UI Developer    Describtion: The project was on behalf of Pennsylvania State government. The resident of the state will get some benefits from the government and that he/she can view through a website.    Responsibilities:  • Involved in developing and maintaining the web applications on the website.  • Participating in all phases of software development life cycle (SDLC): analysis, design, development, unit test, debug, production move support, maintain and update documents.  • Developed and tested with client side MVC style frameworks such as AngularJs.   • Developing web-services for different functionalities in the application using REST architecture.   • Created digital templates using front- end code using HTML, CSS and JavaScript to interface with backend code.  • Used advanced CSS techniques as well as Bootstrap in order to solve UI issues.  • Managed project communication. Including status updates to key internal persons  • Worked on development, production and delivery of digital advertising templates  • Performed troubleshooting and resolved front end code issues quickly and efficiently.  • Worked on integrating with the Java service layer which was built using RESTful web services.  • Implemented production quality build and unit-test automation system with Grunt.    Responsibilities:  • Assisted with designing and development of presentation layers using CSS, HTML, jQuery and Java Script.  • Updated an existing AngularJS application to follow strict MVVM/MVC patterns for improved source code maintenance, code reduction and scalability.  • Dynamic form generation auto completion of forms and user-validation functionalities using AJAX.  • Worked on the jQuery, JavaScript Library that simplifies HTML document traversing and event handling.  • Involved in complete development of Agile Development Methodology.  • Experience in applying patches and plug-ins for Jboss Application Server.  • Developed Graphical User Interfaces using UI frameworks Angular JS and WebPages using HTML for user interaction.  • Created and modifed the views in Spring framework so as to mask the appearance of URLs to end users.  • Created RESTful web services interface to Java-based runtime engine and accounts.  • Worked on Mongo DB for storing the security related information.   • Worked with testing team analyzed and fixed the production defects and deployed the applications on the server.    Environment:   JavaScript, Angular JS, Java1.5/J2EE, HTML, CSS, DHTML, JBoss, Oracle-9i/10g, SOAP, REST, jQuery, JSP, Spring, Mongo DB, log4j, Ant, AJAX, JSF, My Eclipse 6.0.1, GIT Front end Developer January 2014 to September 2014 Front end Developer    Describtion: In WyshMe the project was about creating and developing multiple pages to display the products for the end-client. The manner in which the users can sort and view the products was the main goal. Creating lists and favourites for the specific customer account and giving recommendations based on previous purchases was also involved.     Responsibilities:  • Responsible for developing and maintenance of many applications in the company, adhered to the best coding practices in the company.  • Participating in all phases of software development life cycle (SDLC): analysis, design, development, unit test, debug, production move support, maintain and update documents.  • Assisted with designing and development of presentation layers using CSS, HTML, jQuery, Bootstrap and Java Script.  • Updated an existing AngularJs application to follow strict MVVM/MVC patterns for improved source code maintenance, code reduction and scalability.  • Involved in complete development of Agile Development Methodology.  • Experience in applying patches and plug-ins for Jboss Application Server.  • Developed Graphical User Interfaces using UI frameworks Angular JS and WebPages using HTML for user interaction.   • Worked with testing team to analyse and fix the production defects and deployed the applications on the server.    Environment: JavaScript, AngularJs, Java1.5/J2EE, HTML, CSS, DHTML, JBoss, Spring, REST, jQuery, Bootstrap, Grunt, Ant, AJAX, My Eclipse 6.0.1, GIT Education Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Science Mum bai University Additional Information Technical Skills:  Languages JAVA, C/C++, SQL, PL/SQL  Java/J2EE Technologies J2EE, JDBC4.0, JSP2.1, Servlets2.5, Hibernate3, Spring3,Struts , 2.0, AJAX, LOG4J, JUNIT   Web Technologies JavaScript, CSS, HTML, DHTML, XML, XSL, XSLT, XPATH, JQuery, JDBC  Web/Application Servers IBM WebSphere, WebLogic server7.0/8.1, Apache Tomcat5.0  Frameworks Spring, Hibernate, Struts  Design methodologies UML, Agile  Database Oracle9i/11g, MS SQL Server2005, MY SQL  Version Control Tools Clear Case, CVS, VSS, SVN  Operating System Linux, Microsoft Windows