Game Developer Game <span class="hl">Developer</span> Mobile and Front End Web Developer Portland, OR For more than seven years, I've been dedicated to game design and app development. My hope is for a future that reflects these passions and that there is a mutual inspiration between my employers and myself. I appreciate any opportunity to learn as well as find excitement in teaching others. I’ve maintained positive relationships with everyone I’ve worked with and continue to inspire myself and others to work harder and reach farther. I love the work that I do and I will continue to push myself to make every project that I work on better than the last. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Game Developer Passenger: New Worlds - Gaston, OR July 2015 to July 2016 Responsibilities  Responsible for development, UI and UX design, and narrative.     Accomplishments  This project is far more complicated than my last and every day I'm working hard to make this project a success on the App Store.    Skills Used  My strongest skills are self-discipline and time management. I published this game as I did the one before because I kept myself on track and put in the time it took to get it done. Game Developer Spectrum: Connection to Color - Manchester, CT July 2014 to February 2015 Responsibilities  I designed, built, and published a mobile game to the App Store called Spectrum: Connection to Color. I was responsible for the game/level design and programming.    Skills Used  I demonstrated my ability to develop interactively for mobile. Most importantly, my determination and self-motivation on this project kept me on track through the entire process. Front End Developer Sound Web Solutions - Manchester, CT June 2013 to August 2014 Responsibilities  I worked with an entrepreneur to develop a mobile scavenger hunt application. I was responsible for all UI/UX and front end development on the project.    Skills Used  I demonstrated exceptional communication and organization skills as well as sharped my knowledge of web technologies including HTML, CSS, and Javascript. Education Bachelor's in Interactive Design and Game Development Savannah College of Art and Design - Savannah, GA 2013 to 2016 Skills Javascript, CSS, HTML, jQuery, SQLite, Dreamweaver, Premeire Pro (5 years) Links https://twitter.com/ThomasDevin525 https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/spectrum-connection-to-color/id953812081?mt=8 https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLHCfqGERncuGQo8nrgml7Df7JNWeEFtpQ