Magento Developer Magento <span class="hl">Developer</span> Magento Developer Mill Neck, NY Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Magento Developer Decor Market August 2015 to October 2015 This is my newly created business. Although I've developed the site from A to Z, I'm still very much so involved in managing it, alongside a few others who help deal with the customer service, vendor relations and inventory management. It was built with Magento CE 1.9.1.0.    Domain: http://decormarket.com Magento Developer Safavieh August 2012 to August 2015 My responsibilities revolved around maintaining and creating Magento Community Edition sites. This  included developing & implementing new modules, upgrading existing sites to the newest version,  implementing & tweaking (where necessary) third party modules, handling the newsletter by integrating  MailChimp & creating HTML emails, managing the catalogs (and inventory) through custom importing  scripts, Magmi and Photoshop scripting. I also debugged any store issues that arose.    Domain: http://safaviehhome.com Front End Developer January 2011 to June 2012 The Enchanted Home  I worked alongside a lead programmer. We first dealt with migrating the site from a self-hosted platform to  WordPress + Woo-commerce.    I primarily used CSS/JS/Photoshop to help re-design the site/store/admin area and assisted the lead  programmer in plug-in development.    Domain: http://enchantedhome.com Education Locust Valley High School September 2004 to April 2008 Additional Information I believe I'm the right candidate because I have 5 years of experience as both a programmer & front end developer, and I truly know what it takes to be both at the professional level. I don't expect to work 8 hour days and then go home to do something else. I view the web as not just a job but as a way of life. I love learning new technologies & staying on top of those that I'm proficient with. It's my enthusiasm & motivation for web development (particularly on the front end right now) that makes me believe I'm a good fit for any company.    I'm currently looking for a role as a front end developer.    SKILLS  Programming  PHP, MySQL, XML, JavaScript, CSS 3, HTML 5  Software  Magento CE, WordPress, Anuglar JS, jQuery, Bootstrap, Foundation, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Bridge,  Sublime Text 3, Brackets, Notepad++, Filezilla, WinSCP, XAMPP, Microsoft Office (VBA), Terminal, Pidgin,  Command Prompt, GitHub (Git), Stack Overflow, Google Drive, Dropbox, Windows, OS X, iOS  Social  Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, Instagram, Google Plus  Other skills  Excellent communication skills, writing skills & very friendly.