Job Seeker ? More than 2 years of extensive experience in designing User Interface applications and professional web applications using HTML, CSS, JAVASCRIPT, JQUERY, AJAX, JSON, AngularJS.  • Good knowledge on developing applications using Angular 2 to improve page performance.  ? Extensively Worked on CSS Background, CSS Positioning, CSS Text, CSS Border, CSS Margin, CSS Padding, CSS Table, CSS Sprites, Pseudo Classes, Pseudo Elements and CSS Behaviors in CSS.  ? Extensively used JavaScript for client side validation. In addition, knowledge of Spring Boot Framework.  ? Transformed design mock-ups into cross-browser compatible HTML/CSS layouts.  ? Strong experience in developing web page quickly and effectively using jQuery and in making web pages cross browser compatible.  ? Experience in using Bootstrap for customization of web application.  ? Expertise in client side designing and validations using HTML, HTML5 and JavaScript.  ? Experience with Firebug for Mozilla, Developer Toolbar for Chrome and IE Developer Toolbar for Internet Explorer.  ? Experienced in designing using Web Standards and in developing table-less layouts.  ? Involvement in using various IDE's, Dreamweaver, Notepad++, Eclipse and Adobe Photoshop.  ? Extensively worked on methodologies such as Agile and Waterfall.  ? Experience in documentation using MS tools (Word, Excel, PPT, Project and Access).  ? Worked on Responsive Web Design (RWD) using media queries and Bootstrap.  ? Experience with Mobile Application Web Development using JQuery Mobile and Twitter Bootstrap.  ? Worked on testing projects to benefit workflow changes and focus on continued process improvement.  ? Good understanding of layout aesthetics knowledge of SEO principles.  ? Excellent skills in building elegant, professional websites while adhering to W3C standards.  ? Good knowledge on black box and white box testing methodologies.  ? Ability to perform and deliver on complex projects, meet deadlines and adaptable to ever changing priorities.  ? Highly motivated team player with excellent interpersonal skills, enthusiastic attitude to learn and to excel. Work Experience POC January 2017 to February 2017 Created an educational website for kids using Adobe Animate, and Action Script 3.  ? Gained the knowledge of using frames and scenes in Adobe Animate.  ? Educates kids about the different types of animals.  ? Clouds will be continuously moving using action script 3.  ? In the "Animal Classification" tab, clicking on each animal redirects to a different frame.  ? Redirecting shows up about the type of animal and makes the relative sound.  ? Created the sound effect using action script 3.  ? Redirected the tabs using label names and instance names. POC May 2016 to July 2016 Created a website, which resembles like "Uber" to students.  ? Created from scratch using HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript.  ? "Safe Ride" website provides the students to book their rides to different places at low rates and thus it lessens their burden.  ? Have mainly four pages, which include Home, book my Ride, Cancel Ride and Contact Us.  ? Created forms for registration and booking a ride.  ? Created the form validations with JavaScript.  ? Created navigation lists using list elements in HTML.  ? Involved mostly in the HTML and CSS coding.  ? Implemented page designs in standard-complaint dynamic HTML and CSS.  ? Worked on the website from start to finish giving it a professional look using HTML5/CSS/JavaScript. UI Developer Scotia Bank - Hyderabad, ANDHRA PRADESH, IN August 2015 to December 2015 Designed and developed the new modules for Scotiabank i.e., Activities, Customers and Pipelines.  ? Responsible for design and development of the web pages from mock- ups.  ? Created various interactive plug-ins, widgets or design UI.  ? Developed the complete HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript of the pages with emphasis on performance and accessibility.  ? Developed and maintained a sustainable front- end framework and coordinated with other team members.  ? Coded JavaScript for page functionality and Pop up Screens.  ? Used Twitter Bootstrap framework for developing customizable and fully responsive for various screen sizes.  ? Used Bootstrap and media queries to create a responsive website that fit all users and devices from desktop to tablet and mobile phones.  ? Follow up with the back- end team on the improvements and integration  ? Implemented DHTMLX Scheduler component using jQuery.  ? Experience in integrating the UI components in the server environment.  ? Involved with bug fixing on functionality, performance and designing issues with JavaScript and JQuery.  ? Responsible for all client side UI Validation and implementing Business logic based on user selection using jQuery and jQuery UI.    ENVIRONMENT: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, AngularJS, Bootstrap, jQuery, Twitter Bootstrap, AJAX, JSON and DTHMLX Plugin. UI Developer Old Mutual, South Africa - ZA July 2014 to June 2015 Implemented the new designs and look for Old Mutual website following the mock-ups provided.  ? Used different Bootstrap components such as Navigation Bar, Progression Bar and Drop-Down Menus.  ? Created Master Pages, CSS Style sheets and got approval from Business Stakeholders.  ? Maintained Cross Browser compatibility & implement Responsive Design using Twitter Bootstrap, custom media queries, etc.  ? Worked on different browsers Internet Explorer 7, 8, 9, Mozilla Firefox, Windows Chrome, and Safari.  ? Focused on resolving cross browser compatibility issues related to CSS and JavaScript.  ? Created navigation lists using list elements in HTML.  ? Created forms to collect different user data and implemented form validation in JQuery.  ? Utilized Firebug, IE tester and Chrome's Element Inspector to track and fix bugs.  ? Experienced in providing application support to resolve production issues and make enhancements.  ? Worked closely with Photoshop designers to implement mock ups and the layouts of the application.  ? Used the Sitefinity tool for moving all the content to the newly designed design.  ? Involved in Unit Testing of application that our application works on all browsers and need to support.  ? Interacted with other developers in UI Integration and defect fixing.    Environment: HTML4/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, AJAX, Angular-js, Bootstrap, Adobe Dreamweaver and Photoshop. Front End Developer SingTel - Singapore April 2014 to July 2014 Responsibilities:  ? Developed non-functional HTML, CSS pages from the mock ups and involved in UI review with UI architect and Business Units.  ? Involved in designing the new logo for the SingTel Company.  ? Updated the new logo in 2000 applications of SingTel.  ? Responsible for designing the web pages from the scratch.  ? Created form validations with JavaScript.  ? Worked with cross browser compatibility issues to ensure the smooth running of applications and all its features on different browsers.  ? Utilized Firebug, IE tester and Chrome's Element Inspector to track and fix bugs.  ? Responsible for quality assurance of finished websites, including the validation of web forms and links.  ? Involved in team discussions when implementing new features in the project.  ? Provided insight on HTML and CSS standards.    Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript and JQuery. Tech Mahindra November 2013 to March 2014 • Undergone the extensive training given to a fresher at Tech Mahindra.  • Learnt JAVA, HTML, CSS, JAVASCRIPT, JQUERY with hands on experience.  • Cleared all the online assessment tests and got eligible for entering into a project.  • Gained good knowledge on Agile and Scrum methodologies.  • Developed an application as part of training using Java and front- end technologies. Education Masters of Science in Internet and Web Design in Internet and Web Design Wilmington University - New Castle, DE April 2017 Bachelor of Technology in Technology J. N. T. University - Anantapur, Andhra Pradesh May 2013 Skills AJAX (1 year), CSS (1 year), HTML. (1 year), JavaScript (2 years), jQuery. (1 year) Additional Information Technical Skills:    Languages C, Java, JavaScript J2EEE, Spring Framework  Web Technologies HTML, CSS, JAVASCRIPT, JQUERY, AJAX, ANGULARJS, ANGULAR 2 BOOTSTRAP, TWITTER BOOTSTRAP, ACTION SCRIPT 3  Design Tools Photoshop, Adobe Dreamweaver, Adobe Animate  Testing Tools Bugzilla, Mozilla firebug  Databases MySQL    Operating Systems Windows XP/Vista/7/8, Mac OS.  Methodologies/Software AGILE, SCRUM, Waterfall.  Servers Web Logic, Tomcat, BizTalk  Others Sitefinity, Eclipse