Front- end Developer <span class="hl">Front</span>-<span class="hl">end</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front- end Developer - DrFirst Inc Paoli, PA • Around 3+ years of professional experience in developing User Interface for web applications as a Front- end UI developer  • Extensive hands-on experience in web development technologies such as HTML5, CSS3, DOM, JavaScript, Bootstrap, AJAX, JSON, AngularJS.  • Good experience in building cross browser compatibility applications using HTML5 and CSS3  • Comfortable working with CSS preprocessors like SASS/LESS  • Expert in web page layout creation using CSS media queries and Bootstrap for responsive design  • Experience in using AngularJS along with JSON to parse response data for user interface pages  • Good experience in implementing client side registration forms, login forms and logout forms validation using JavaScript, jQuery, AngularJS and AJAX  • Experience in DOM (Document Object Model) and DOM functions to use in interacting with objects in HTML, XHTML and XML documents  • Outstanding knowledge of JavaScript Libraries such as jQuery to create dynamic web pages  • Experience in applying the latest development approaches including Model-View-Control, event-driven applications using AngularJS, AJAX, Object-oriented JavaScript and JSON  • Designed the table less web applications using CSS3 and with the help of tags as per W3C standards  • Experience integrating with RESTful APIs for server side functionality  • Some experience in SQL expression, stored procedure, and triggers with some database like MongoDB, Oracle  • Familiar with unit test and end-to- end using front- end test tool Jasmine with the Karma test runner.  • Experienced in using package managers and automation tools like Bower, Grunt and NPM.  • Extensively worked with Version Control Systems like Perforce, GIT and SVN  • Experienced to work in Agile Environment and worked with the Project Management tool like JIRA  • Extensive Experience in Testing, Debugging and troubleshooting the existing code using Firebug and chrome inspector Tools Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Front- end Developer DrFirst Inc - Rockville, MD June 2016 to Present Responsibilities:  • Responsible for styling the application using CSS3 which targets the W3 standards in order to support Google Chrome and Mozilla Firefox browsers.  • Used HTML5 Form Validation and Attributes Restrictions to validate inputs contents  • Developed cross browser and multi browser compatible web pages using HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript.  • Maintained Cross Browser compatibility & implement Responsive Web Design using Twitter Bootstrap and custom media queries, etc.  • Built the application to support both web and mobile environment.  • Utilized AngularJS to achieve the client-side elements Hide, Show and AJAX Call on JSON response  • Build prototype for various required services such as Scheduling, Logging and Notification Service using third party Node JS based JavaScript library.  • Supported Single Page Applications when client changed his query condition using AngularJS which includes Routing, Directives, and Templates  • Utilized AngularJS dependency injection to inject different Services including inner Services and custom Services, and create some custom directives to do some reusable component  • Utilized the Node.js and Express to do the relevant backend RESTful API  • Supported the backend team in dealing with JSON data from MongoDB database.  • Used Grunt for task automation and GIT for version control.  • Implemented Jasmine framework and karma server to write and test the unit test cases for code.  • Followed agile development methodology (scrum) in the development of software.  • Used git as version control and JIRA for defect tracking.  • Participated daily status meeting, reported project process and communicated with teammates and project manager    Environment: HTML/ HTML5, CSS/CSS3, LESS, JavaScript, bootstrap, AJAX, JSON, jQuery, AngularJS v.1.5.2, NodeJS, MongoDB, Grunt, GitHub, Agile, JIRA. UI Developer Fannie Mae - Addison, TX September 2015 to April 2016 Responsibilities:  • Developed web pages using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript and jQuery  • Used AngularJS in conjunction with SASS/ Twitter Bootstrap to develop responsive web page.  • Used Angular $http to make calls to backend services where we get large amount of data from the different application and display that data in the account hub portal. Created few custom directives to extend the functionality of HTML.  • Implemented concepts of Directives, Data-Binding and Dependency Injection in Angular JS.  • Created AngularJS controllers, services and used AngularJS filters for filter functionality in search box and integrator functionalities  • Performed JSON data parsing using Angular JS to render the information on user interface pages.  • Worked on Express Node.js platform for a single-page application development.  • Used D3.JS and Angular to construct data visualization. Developed persistence layer based on JPA framework for providing POJO persistence model for object-relational mapping.  • Responsible for internationalizing the Web Application based on W3 Standards  • Used Node.js for server side code and Written callback functions for the RESTful API.  • Designed dynamic client-side JavaScript, codes to build web forms and simulate process for web application, page navigation and form validation  • Involved Storing and retrieving data from Column Oriented Data Base Mongo DB  • Used AJAX, JSON to send request to the server to check the functionality of the websites.  • Used Jenkins to make build process and Used Karma, Jasmine to write unit test cases.  • Used Test-Driven Development with Agile SCRUM methodology and involved in all the business meetings and status update meetings as a part of SCRUM    Environment: Angular JS (1.5), JavaScript, jQuery, Node.js, HTML5, CSS, AJAX, JSON, Responsive web design, Gulp, Bower, NPM and Web Services. Web Developer Info Logic Systems - Hyderabad, Telangana August 2013 to March 2015 Responsibilities:  • Worked with CSS Background, CSS Layouts, CSS positioning, CSS text, CSS border, CSS margin, CSS padding, CSS table, Pseudo classes, Pseudo elements and CSS behaviors in CSS.  • Created and optimized graphic prototype websites and applications interfaces using HTML and CSS.  • Involved in writing application level code to interact with APIs, Web Services using AJAX, JSON and XML.  • Worked with user interfaces and applied usability principle to portals  • Implemented and designed user interface for web based customer application.  • Designed business applications using web technologies like HTML, XHTML, and CSS based on the W3C standards.  • Responsible for code optimization and test the website across different browsers  • Developed application for different browsers and fixed bugs for browser compatibility.  • Developed data formatted web applications and deploy the script using client side scripting using JavaScript.    Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, ECLIPSE, Adobe Photoshop, DHTML, MS Office, Firefox, Windows XP,  AJAX, JSON.