Developer <span class="hl">Developer</span> Austin, TX • 4+ Years of Professional experience in the developing User Interface (UI) Applications and professional web applications using HTML/5,  CSS/3, JavaScript, AngularJS, jQuery, Handlebars, Dojo, AJAX and JSON.  • Good understanding on latest approaches in HTML5/CSS3 development, JavaScript frameworks, jQuery.  • Knowledge of Responsive web design to improve user experience when viewed on different size electronic devices.  • Hands of experience on Handlebars templating, Dojo, Node.js, ExpressJS and MongoDB.  • Expert in HTML5/CSS3 development and have experience in AngularJS and Responsive design.  • Profound experience with AngularJS MVC framework including authoring complex directives, services, controllers and filters; working with  animations, routing and states.  • Extensively used AngularJS routes and Expressions.  • Extensively used REST/HTTP APIs, to get the JSON data in the models and used it build the dynamic views.  • Can be able to deal with Cross Browser issues very effectively and work on almost every web Browsers Safari, Internet Explorer, Mozilla  Firefox and Google Chrome.  • Good Working Experience and understanding with Firebug for Mozilla and IE Developer Toolbar for Internet Explorer, Web Inspector for  Safari, Developer Toolbar for Chrome.  • Experience using all popular text-Editors like WebStorm, IBM RAD, Sublime Text, and Notepad++.  • Excellent interpersonal abilities, communication skills, time management and team skills and strive hard to attain project goals inside  assigned deadlines.  • Ready to adopt any front- end development technologies with a keen awareness of new industry developments and the evolution of  programming solutions.  • Possess good team-management, leadership qualities and Good Team performer.  • Experience in attending scrum meetings that involved teams from various phases of Agile. Work Experience Developer Health and Human Services Commission - Austin, TX November 2016 to Present Project: TIERS  Responsibilities:  • Developed application level code to perform client side validation using jQuery and JavaScript.  • Fixed Functionality and Responsiveness defects in multiple WebPages.  • Developed AngularJS functionality while implementing various UI Screens across the whole web application (both consumer facing as well as internal application).  • Wrote angular controller, directives, filters and services to integrate REST services.  • Designed and executed unit test case scenarios to validate WebPages and UI data fields in ALM.  • Performed quality assurance audits and resolved ADA issues using JAWS tool.  • Researched and developed POC for data visualization screen using amCharts.  • Generated JavaScript API documentation for custom build framework using JsDocs3.  • Developed KitchenSink web pages to demonstrate the usage of custom build framework using DocumentJS.  • Migrated Glyphicons to accommodate Glyphicons with bootstrap4.  • Connected and fetched data from database while migrating Crystal Reports to Python Reports.  • Optimized PL/SQL queries to improve the performance of the reports.  • Restructured and optimized Batch jobs to improve the performance.  • Closely worked with client engagements. Front- End UI Developer Health and Human Services Commission - Austin, TX February 2016 to October 2016 Project: YTB  Responsibilities:  • Using AngularJS, Handlebars, jQuery, JavaScript and Bootstrap to build custom user interactive (UI) framework.  • Designed the front- end applications, UI web pages using web technologies custom UITAG(in JSP templates), SCSS, CSS and custom UI framework.  • Created and enhanced features of custom components in UI framework level using Handlebars template, JavaScript and jQuery.  • Migrated Dojo based functionalities to JavaScript/jQuery functions.  • Wrote application level code to perform client side validation using jQuery and JavaScript.  • Wrote jQuery function while implementing various UI Screens across the whole web application (both consumer facing as well as internal  application).  • Created cross-browser compatible and standards-compliant SCSS-based page layouts.  • Restructuring existing Java code to achieve framework standards.  • Designed and executed unit test case scenarios to validate WebPages and UI data fields in ALM.  • Using IBM Rational Application Developer tool to develop and modify files.  • Using IBM Rational ClearCase version control to manages files, directories, and other development assets across the lifecycle.  • Daily tasks will include 40% on analysis and design, 40% on development, 10% on testing and remainder on documentation. Front End Web Developer Chennai, Tamil Nadu September 2012 to July 2013 Responsibilities:  • Created interactive navigation lists using list elements in HTML5.  • Implemented client side validations in registration forms, login and logout forms using JavaScript.  • Used Twitter Bootstrap Framework, Responsive design.  • Developed the Front End User Interface using HTML5, JavaScript, jQuery and CSS.  • Extensively used jQuery, JSON, AJAX and DOM scripting to create interactive web applications.  • Worked with jQuery widgets to create more interactive web pages.  • GIT was used and version control and all the work was submitted using pull requests.  • Actively participated in meetings with clients to determine website goals and develop strategies. Front End Web Developer (Intern) M/S. AN Power Engineering (P) Ltd - Chennai, Tamil Nadu May 2011 to July 2011 Responsibilities:  • Worked in a team for building a web app that serves as a platform for Research scholars to showcase their work.  • Designed and developed the front end to be responsive using HTML and CSS. Education Masters in Electrical and Computer Engineering New York Institute of Technology May 2015 Bachelors in Electronics & Communication Engineering Manipal Institute of Technology May 2012 Diploma in Electronics & Communication Engineering Govt. Polytechnic May 2009 Skills Ajax (4 years), Android (Less than 1 year), Angularjs (3 years), Bootstrap (3 years), Bugzilla (Less than 1 year), Clearcase (Less than 1 year), Css (4 years), Dojo (Less than 1 year), Frameworks (3 years), Git (Less than 1 year), Html5. (4 years), Java (1 year), Javascript. (4 years), Jaws (2 years), jquery (4 years), Pl/sql (2 years), Python (2 years), Sql (2 years), version control (4 years), Javascript (4 years), HTML (4 years) Certifications/Licenses Driver's License Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  Web Technologies/ AngularJS, React, Angular, Flutter, Bootstrap, Responsive Web Design, HTML/HTML5, JavaScript, jQuery, Handlebars, Dojo, NodeJS,  Frameworks/Libraries ExpressJS, MongoDB, SASS/SCSS, CSS/CSS3, AJAX, WCAG 2.0, Amcharts, JSdocs3, DocumentJs, Typeahead search, NPM, Bower,  Grunt, Gulp  IDE's and Tools Webstrom, SublimeText, Atom, Visual Studio Code, Notepad++, IBM RAD, PyCharm, Android Studio, Chrome- Developer-Tools,  JAWS (Screen reader)  Debugging Tools W3C validator, Chrome Inspector, Firebug, BugZilla, ColorZilla, Responsive Inspector, Postman, ng-inspector for AngularJS  Other Tools JIRA, HP Application Lifecycle Management(ALM), Project and Portfolio Management(PPM)  Languages JavaScript, Java, Python, Dart, PL/SQL  Version Control Git, IBM ClearCase