Front End Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End Developer - CapitalOne • 4+ years of professional experiencein developing anddesigning responsiveUser Interface (UI) forwebapplications as a Front- end Engineer.  • Expertiseinbuilding single page applications (SPA) usingHTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, andReactJS, Redux, Flux, NodeJS.  • Strong Hold on Object-Oriented Programming (OOP'S) Concepts.  • Worked with the JavaScript libraries and frameworks like jQuery, ReactJS, AngularJSand Angular 2.  • Experienced in React JS and working with React Flux architecture.  • Developed the backend by using Node.js, Express.js, andMongoDB.  • Experience in working with third party web services APIs and Web services using AJAX and jQuery.  • Developed single page applications (SPA) using MERN stack technologies (MongoDB, Express.js, ReactJS and NodeJS).  • Extensively worked with ObservablesfromRxJS (Reactive Extensions for JavaScript) library for reactive programming to compose asynchronous or callback-based code.  • Experience in using React JS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, plus Redux, Animations and Fluxconcept.  • Good experience on customizing CSSframeworks like Bootstrap and Foundation using CSS pre-processorsLESS or SASS and Compass.  • Implemented easy to use Bootstrap plugins for building carousel, accordion, modal windows etc.  • Good Experience in ReactJS for creating interactive UI's using One-way data flow, Virtual DOM, JSX, ReactNative concepts.  • Familiar with creating Custom Reusable React Components Library.  • Experience using Redux and RxJS to manage state and building ReactJS applications.  • Expertise in using AngularJS, Angular2 Directives, Controllers, Filters, Services, Templates, and Injectors.  • Knowledge of utilizing cloud technologies including Amazon Web Services (AWS), Microsoft Azure.  • Experience with RDBMS like SQL, MySQL, Oracle and NoSQL database development like Mongo DB. Involved in implementing queries to the back- end Mongo DB databases.  • Experience using various kinds of text editors, tools likeVisual Studio Code, Notepad++, Visual Studio 2015, Sublime.  • Used the Jenkins and Dockers to implement the Continuous Integration and Deployment (CI/CD)  • Good experience with Form Validationsusing Regular Expressions, jQuery plugins, Reactive Forms, and Template Driven Forms.  • Experience in creating test suites using Jasmine, Karma and worked on tools like NPM, Bower.  • Expertise in version control systems like GIT, CVS, and SVN to manage and control software development with GitHub and Bitbucket and project management tools like JIRA.  • Experience working with debugging tools like Firebug, Firebug Lite, Chrome Developer Tools, and Web Inspector. Work Experience Front End Developer CapitalOne - Richmond, VA May 2017 to Present RESPONSIBILITIES  • Involved in design & implement of the client web application including several modules using HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, JavaScript, ReactJS, TypeScript and Visual Studio Code.  • Implemented CSS3, Bootstrapand Google fonts to make the application more interactive and responsive.  • Developed user interface (UI) by using the ReactJS, Flux for SPA development.  • Implemented React-Router to make the whole project a Single Page Application.  • Used Postman to test APIs and integrated APIs with front- end by implementing HTTP Client to Get, Post, Delete and Put data from the backend and give a response in the console.  • Worked in using React JS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, Animations and Flux concept.  • Implemented the Drag and Dropfunctionality using React-Draggable.  • Worked with NPM commands and Package.json for managing dependencies and dev-dependencies of Node.js applications.  • Developed Web API using Node.js and hosted on multiple load balanced API instances.  • Worked on responsive design and developed a single ISOMORPHIC responsive website that could be served to desktop, Tablets and mobile users using ReactJS.  • Used React-Autocomplete for creating google maps location search on the webpage Added Excel-Builder to download the Tabular data in Excel format using react.  • Component for UX-Library consisted of Button, Checkbox, Input, Icons, Toggle Button, Dropdown, Multi-Level Dropdown and many more.  • Used Express Framework to set up middleware to respond to the HTTP requests with the help of Node Js.  • In Phase Two, worked closely with the Back- End team to display data using the Custom Components, library Components, and Redux.  • Used Middleware, Redux-Promise in application to retrieve data from Back- End and to also perform RESTFUL services.  • Implemented React JS code to handle cross browser compatibility issues in Mozella, IE 7, 8, 9, Safari and Chrome.  • Have worked on AWS for fetch the pictures files from AWS to UI.  • Experience in managing MongoDB environment from availability, performance and scalability perspectives.  • Worked with GitHub to manage repository and used Visual studio Code IDE to do development.  • Gathered requirements from JIRA, under Agile/Scrum methodology, and joined daily scrum meeting.  • Used the Jenkins and Dockers to implement the Continuous Integration and Deployment (CI/CD)  • UsedKarma and Jasmine to test components.  ENVIRONMENT    HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, ReactJS, TypeScript, Bootstrap, Node.js, MongoDB, GitHub, Karma, Jasmine, Jenkins, Dockers. UI Developer Wipro Technologies - Hyderabad, Telangana June 2015 to January 2017 RESPONSIBILITIES  • Involved in various stages of application development through requirement analysis, development, testing and deployment.  • Worked in Agile/Scrum Methodologythrough the Application Development.  • Used various features in AngularJS like data binding, routing, custom filters, custom directives to meet various customized requirements.  • Worked on the MVCarchitecture of AngularJS in developing the apps, controllers, and directives which are totally customized to meet the needs of the application.  • Used the HTTP services in AngularJS to make API calls and exchange data in JSON.  • Performed a lot of DOM manipulation using native JS and jQuery for loading and manipulating dynamic content on webpages.  • Good knowledge on creating services with AngularJS @injectable property, as to make the service available for dependency injection when creating components.  • Maintained cross-browser compatibility and implemented responsive features using Twitter Bootstrap.  • Developed CSS3 to style page layouts, navigation, and page-loading spinner.  • Used jQuery to make the HTML, CSS interact with JavaScript functions to add dynamism to the web page.  • Used Webpack to bundle Typescript and JavaScript modules.  • Used D3JS and ChartJS to build interactive visualizations and plots for sales data.  • Created client surveys and displayed the results in a dynamic report using D3JS for data visualization in the application.  • Called the Restfulweb service calls for the POST, PUT, DELETE and GET methods.  • Implemented changes in the business model components. Migrating some of the applications from AngularJS 1.x to Angular 2.0 and component the code as per the Angular recommendations for better testability.  • Implemented Migration using ngUpgrade Module which allows AngularJS and Angular 2.0 application to co-exist and upgrade application part by part working harmoniously.  • Designed dynamic client-side JavaScript codes to build web forms and simulate process for a web application, page navigation using AngularJS.  • Wrote services to store and retrieve user data from the MongoDB for the application on devices.  • Created and tested scripts using jQuery on various browsers Chrome, Firefox, Opera, Safari, IE, etc.  • Coding pages with best Search Engine Optimization (SEO) techniques.  • Used GitHub for manage ng source code by resolving merge conflicts that occur during collaboration of various stakeholders of the application.    ENVIRONMENT  HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, AngularJS, Angular 2, Bootstrap, AJAX, Web services, MongoDB, Grunt, Agile Methodology. Application Developer My Dream Store - Hyderabad, Telangana April 2014 to June 2015 RESPONSIBILITIES  • Designed and implemented the User Interface using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, AJAX, jQuery, JSON, AngularJS, Bootstrap and MySQL.  • Developed the pages with searching and sorting functionalities with AngularJS HTTP service.  • Extensively used jQuery in implementing various GUI components in application portal.  • Implemented latest HTML5 and CSS3 features like creating various effects, shading, shapes, animations and handling multimedia files.  • Used HTML5 and JavaScript for client-side validations.  • Developed AJAX based web-based UI framework by utilizing jQuery library.  • Developed UI event handlers and AJAX call back code using Sencha Ext JS to interact with the Cloud Web services.  • Designed Pseudo elements and CSS3 Border, CSS3 Background, CSS3 Transitions.  • Developed test cases for TDD in QUnit, Karma, and Jasmine.  • Worked on database Programming using SQL Server.  • Maintained updates of the code base using GIT version control system.  • Worked in Agile methodology during project's Software development lifecycle (SDLC).  ENVIRONMENT  HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, AngularJS, Bootstrap, AJAX, SQL, Web services, XML, Agile Methodology. Education Master of Science in Information Science in Information Systems in Information Science The University of North Texas, College of Information, Denton Bachelor of Engineering in Electronics&Communication in Electronics&Communication Chaitanya Bharathi Institute of Technology - Hyderabad, Telangana Skills AJAX (2 years), Bootstrap (4 years), HTML5 (4 years), JavaScript (4 years), MongoDB (3 years) Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS    Web Technologies: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Bootstrap, TypeScript, jQuery, Ajax  Frameworks: AngularJS 1.x, Angular 2, ReactJS, NodeJS  Databases& Tools: SQL, Oracle, MySQL, MongoDB  Version Control: CVS, SVN, Git, Bitbucket  Testing Tools: Junit, Jasmine, Karma  Build Tools: Jenkins, Docker  IDE: Visual Studio Code, Sublime, Notepad++