Front End UI Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End UI Developer Chicago, IL • Around 5 years of extensive experience as a Front End UI Developer with solid understanding of database designing, development and installation of different modules.  • Experience on Web Technologies using HTML4/5, CSS2/CSS3, XHTML, DHTML, JavaScript, JQuery, AJAX, IDE & Tool Eclipse, Aptana Studio, CODA, Notepad++  • XML and JSON.  • Solid experience with Responsive Web Design (RWD)  • Extensive knowledge in HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3.  • Knowledge in BackBone.js and Angular.js.  • Experienced in building cross browser compatibility applications using HTML5 and CSS3.  • Designed web applications and web contents utilizing various SEARCH ENGINE OPTIMIZATION (SEO) techniques.  • Experience in all phase of SDLC like Requirement Analysis, Implementation and Maintenance, and extensive experience with Agile and SCRUM.  • Excellent experience in developing web pages complying with Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) and ability to apply W3C web standards  • Well-versed in Object Oriented Programming (OOP) with Javascript.  • Involved in the Software Life Cycle phases like AGILE and estimating the timelines for projects.  • Very good experience in Document Object Model (DOM)  • Good experience with Form Validation by Regular Expression, and JqueryLightbox.  • Strong understanding of Object Oriented Programming.  • Highly motivated, reliable analytical problem solver and troubleshooter with strong attention to detail.  • Demonstrated ability to complete projects in deadline oriented environments.  • Quick learner and proficient in solving the technical issues in the project.  • Excellent analytical and communication skills with capability to handle new technologies. Work Experience Front End UI Developer WellPoint - Chicago, IL June 2013 to January 2014 Description:  WellPoint, Inc. is the largest managed health care, for-profit company in the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association.Through its networks nationwide, the company delivers a number of leading health benefit solutions through a broad portfolio of integrated health care plans and related services, along with a wide range of specialty products.It'sbusiness strategy establishes a framework that yields tangible value for all of our constituents - members, employers, health care professionals, associates, and shareholders.    Responsibilities:  • Responsible for creating efficient design and developing User Interaction screens using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery AJAX and JSON  • Used Javascript, jQuery for user interactions in pages.  • Worked on creating responsive website for smart devices using responsive design and media queries.  • Used JQuery Ajax for service calls on pages to interact with the server for information.  • Rapid prototyping of design concepts.  • Experience with jQuery and knowledge in backbone.js  • Building single-page web apps or complicated user interfaces using backbone.js.  • Synchronizing various parts of web applications using backbone.js.  • Utilized various JavaScript and jQuery libraries, AJAX for form validation and other interactive features.  • Involved in designing and developing the JSON, XML Objects with MySQL.  • Used Ajax, JSON to send request to the server to check the functionality of the websites.  • Testing the website on multiple browsers with their old as well as latest release.  • Used JSON for storing and exchanging information between browsers and servers.  • Using complex Object Oriented concepts in improving the performance of the websites.  • Worked closely with SQA team in fixing the reported bugs/defects and checking cross platform compatibility.  • Integrated different social networking site like Facebook, twitter.  • Created forms to collect and validate data from the user in HTML and JavaScript.  • Active participation throughout the entire software development lifecycle from project inception, to code development and elaborate testing of the various modules.  • Used Agile methodology for the software development.  • Developed SQL queries to perform insert, update or delete operation on MySQL database.  • Responsible for authoring of website functionality with JavaScript, HTML, CSS.  • Used CSS Sprites to decrease the number of HTTP requests and load time of web pages.  • Been an active team player, helped in fixing bugs and also carried out troubleshooting.  • Produced semantically appropriate, standards compliant markup, and produced Rich User Interfaces.    Environment: HTML 5, JavaScript, backbone.js, AJAX, CSS 2/3, JSON, Jquery, XML, Apache, JBoss Web/UI Developer FedEx - Memphis, TN August 2012 to May 2013 Description:  FedEx provides customers and businesses worldwide with a broad portfolio of transportation, e-commerce and business services. They offer integrated business applications through operating companies competing collectively and managed collaboratively, under the respected FedEx brand. Consistently ranked among the world's most admired and trusted employers. Involved in multiple projects both internal as well as consumer facing applications. The internal application was a consumer support system which includes features such as shipment tracking, scheduling, managing business accounts, etc.  Responsibilities:  ? Closely worked with business system analyst to understand the requirements to ensure that right set of UI modules been built.  ? Wrote application level code to perform client side validation using JQUERY and JavaScript.  ? Designed the front- end applications, user interactive (UI) web pages using web technologies like HTML, XHTML, and CSS.  ? Using advanced level of JQUERY, AJAX, JavaScript, CSS and pure CSS layouts.  ? Wrote JQUERY function while implementing various UI Screens across the whole web application (both consumer facing as well as internal application)  ? Involved in writing application level code to interact with APIs, Web Services using AJAX, JSON and XML.  ? Designed and developed intranet web applications using JavaScript and CSS.  ? Interacted with java controllers (JQUERY, Ajax, and JSON to write/read data from back end systems)  ? Used SVN for version control and QC for defect tracking.  ? Maintain, enhance, and recommend solutions that best suit business and technology needs from UI standpoint.  ? Define technical requirements based upon business requirements.  ? Creating cross-browser compatible and standards-compliant CSS-based page layouts.  ? Strong communication, analytical and interpersonal skills working within cross-functional teams.  ? Worked on cross browser compatibility issues and fix the bugs pertaining to various browsers.    Environment: HTML 5, JavaScript, backbone.js, AJAX, CSS 2/3, JSON, Jquery, JBoss Front End Web Developer Syntel Inc - Pune, Maharashtra June 2009 to November 2011 Description:  Syntel, Inc. is a multinational provider of Information Technology and Knowledge Process Outsourcing solutions, with global development centers in India and the United States.  Responsibilities:  • Built complex desktop - style UI using HTML, CSS, JavaScript and AJAX including configuration wizards and interactive reports.  • Developed frontend layout and intro for home page using Fireworks.  • Utilized the mail merge techniques in MS Word for the time reduction in sending certificates.  • Extensively used images of the product for web and catalogue.  • Web Application Developed using Web Technologies 2.0.  • Interactive Planning for the product development.  • Used Flash Animations and Storyboard & User Flows for e-learning tutorials using human factor engineering design concepts.    Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, XML, MS Office. Front End UI Developer WellPoint - Chicago, IL Education Bachelors of Technology in Computer Science Andhra University Masters in Computer Science California State University - Fullerton, CA Masters in Computer Science California State University - Fullerton, CA Skills JAVA, UML, MySQL, Oracle, PL/SQL, File Maker Pro, C++ HTML/HTML5, CSS2/CSS3, DHTML, XML, XHTML, XSLT, JavaScript, AJAX, JQuery, JSON, Apache Oracle 11g, Oracle Enterprise Manager, SQL Server Windows 2000/XP/Vista/7, Mac OS X, UNIX, LINUX Eclipse, Aptana Studio, CODA, Notepad++ TechsmithMorae, Adobe Photoshop, Gimp, Adobe Dreamweaver, MS Office Suite, Eclipse,WordPress, Firebug. Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:  Languages JAVA, UML, MySQL, Oracle, PL/SQL, File Maker Pro, C++  Web Technologies HTML/HTML5, CSS2/CSS3, DHTML, XML, XHTML, XSLT, JavaScript, AJAX, JQuery, JSON, Apache  Databases Oracle 11g, Oracle Enterprise Manager, SQL Server  Operating Systems Windows 2000/XP/Vista/7, Mac OS X, UNIX, LINUX  IDE & Tools Eclipse, Aptana Studio, CODA, Notepad++  Applications: TechsmithMorae, Adobe Photoshop, Gimp, Adobe Dreamweaver, MS Office Suite, Eclipse, WordPress, Firebug.