Front End Developer (Contract) <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> (Contract) Front End Developer San Francisco Bay Area, CA I am a Front End Developer with a background in Architecture and Building Engineering. I enjoy building all aspects of web applications, from beginning to end, for clients big or small. Even though I'm trained as a Full Stack Developer, my main focus and passion lies in Front End Development. I have spent the last couple of years working in the healthcare and education sector as a Front End Developer.    My skills include HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, and AngularJS. I have also worked with Sass and Gulp and am familiar with Node.js, MongoDB, and PostgreSQL. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Front End Developer (Contract) Long Term Care - Remote January 2018 to Present • Responsible for design and Front End development of administrative application for nursing homes to list  their properties, including description, availability, and image uploading.  • Developed AngularJS desktop application using HTML5, CSS3, Sass, Gulp and JavaScript with AngularJS  Material library.  • Utilized Google Maps API to display location of nursing homes.  • Worked closely with client to understand design and functional requirements.  • Collaborated with Backend engineer on image upload process to optimize speed and performance. Front End Developer (Contract) Digital Pen Resources - Remote August 2017 to December 2017 • Primary Front End Developer for AngularJS application used to display student PSAT/SAT scores and student testing data, including correct/incorrect answers, duration, and question difficulty.  • Responsible for wireframes, mockups and design of application.  • Used HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript to create graphs, scales, and tables to display data in an attractive and easily readable manner. Front End Developer Maya Healthcare - Remote September 2016 to November 2017 • Primary Front End Developer for healthcare software web application.  • Converted design mockup into dynamic user interfaces using AngularJS, CSS3, Sass, HTML5, and JavaScript.  • Enhanced user experience by improving application flow logic and user interaction.  • Improved quality of web application by debugging, resolving, and implementing new solutions and fixes.  • Collaborated with other developers and executives in an Agile Scrum environment to successfully create a dynamic web application from stretch.  • Interacted with end users for feedback to understand how to improve UI/UX experience.  • Utilized Trello to manage project tasks among team members. Full Stack Web Developer Student General Assembly - San Francisco, CA March 2016 to June 2016 • Utilized fundamental concepts of MVC and OO Programming to build modular and scalable web  applications.  • Implemented Git workflow and Agile methodologies along with Test Driven Development to ensure fast  paced workflow, quick turnaround time, and less bug fixes.  • Built data-driven applications by consuming data from REST APIs and rendering in SPA applications. Education Web Development Immersive Certificate in Full Stack Web Development General Assembly - San Francisco, CA March 2016 to June 2016 Master of Engineering in Engineering Concordia University - Montréal, QC 2009 Bachelor of Architectural Science in Architectural Science Ryerson University - Toronto, ON 2002 Skills Git (2 years), JAVASCRIPT (2 years), ANGULARJS (2 years), HTML (3 years), MVC (1 year), Front End (2 years), CSS (3 years) Links http://www.lamchristine.com https://github.com/lamchristine https://codepen.io/lamchristine Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  Languages: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Ruby  Libraries & Frameworks: AngularJS, jQuery, Rails, Bootstrap, Node.js, Express, Handlebars.js  Database Tools: MongoDB, Mongoose.js, PostgreSQL, Active Record  Others: Photoshop, Git, Agile, Heroku, AJAX, JSON, REST APIs, MVC, Test Driven Development, OOP, AWS S3