Web Developer Web <span class="hl">Developer</span> Web Developer - IHoteler • Around 3 years of diversified experience as UI developer  • Extensive Experience in designing User Interface (UI) Rich Web applications and professional web applications using HTML4/5, XHTML, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, MongoDB, front- end MVC Architecture such as AngularJS 1.4.  • Hands on experience in using CSS media queries and Bootstrap3 for responsive design.  • Highly skilled in designing and developing Single Page Application (SPA) with MVC architecture such as Angular JS.  • Proficient with enterprise software, UI component architecture, app APIs and integration. Hands On expertise skills include functional programming in JavaScript, front- end design patterns, managing technology, mentoring junior developers, solving difficult UI problems, enterprise grade code quality, Cloud based, SAAS platforms and applications, UI component architecture.  • Proficient in using CSS preprocessing scripts like SASS, LESS to create logic style sheet  • Excellent DOM manipulation by using JavaScript and jQuery2.1.  • Expert in using Bootstrap CSS3 for creating rich UI web pages using Layouts, grids, tables, paginations and carousels.  • Experience in developing event driven applications using AJAX, JSON along with consuming RESTful web services.  • Familiarity in front- end development tools such as Yeoman, Grunt, and Bower.  • Hands on Experience in Version Control by using GIT.  • Experienced in JavaScript Unit Testing using testing tools such as Jasmine, QUnit and Protractor.  • Experienced in Apache Tomcat7.0/8.0.  • Strong knowledge in using TDD.  • Familiar with using D3.js, Canvas JS and jQuery FusionCharts.  • Experience in server side technologies like Node.js, RESTful Web Service, Hibernate, Servlets, JSP, JDBC, Oracle 11g, Tomcat and MySQL.  • Excellent understanding & hands on experience with Hibernate Query Language (HQL).  • Responsible for checking cross browser compatibility and hence worked on different browsers like Chrome, IE, Mozilla Firefox and Safari using Webshim and Modernizer.  • Expertise level knowledge in entire SDLC process, like Agile and Waterfall, from business analysis to development, testing, deployment, documenting, maintaining and user training.  • Hands on JIRA to facilitate project tracking  • Excellent oral, verbal, written, communication, interpersonal and presentation skills. Strong team player with organizational and analytical skills. Sponsorship required to work in the US Work Experience Web Developer IHoteler December 2015 to Present Front- End Developer Real-Time Medical System December 2014 to May 2015 Description:  Real-Time Medical System(RTMS) is being designed by AngularJS and jQuery. Doctor can access the system to get the real-time information(Blood pressure, heart beats etc) of his patient. Most of this web application are Single Page Application(SPA).  Responsibilities:  • Designed the front end applications, User Interactive (UI) web pages using web technologies like HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript.  • Used AngularJS route, providers, promise for Single Page Application (SPA) where to navigate to different pages in services module.  • Created Angular custom directives for Custom Layouts and Modal Dialogs.  • Used Angular Hotkeyjs and Smart Table as Angular Plugin.  • Implemented Client Side Validation in different modules by using Angular Form Validation, and HTML5 New Input types.  • Created Angular Filters to search for different categories.  • Created Angular Custom controllers, Factories and Provider for Code Refactoring and Singleton.  • Handled all the slide show, hide and show controls, dropdown menus and tab navigation using jQuery.  • Used Pagination component of jQuery for navigation and used DOM and AJAX to display page contents  • Developed source code to consume JSON response received through AJAX call using jQuery  • Participated in consuming RESTful Services using Angular $http and $resource services and render the data on UI using Bootstrap table and Grid System.  • Used jQuery fusion charts and D3.js to design 3D animation.  • Used CSS3 Gradients for the design of Menus  • Used SASS framework to minimize complexity and avoid duplication in CSS styles.  • Involved in developing RESTful services.  • Ensured compatibility for all major web browsers using Modernizr.  • Used GIT for version control.  • Developed test cases and performed unit test using Jasmine.  • Participated in analyzing, designing and developing application using Agile Methodology.  • Co-ordinate with QA for testing, Production releases, Application deployment and integration.  • Worked on Cross-Browser compatibility and fixed the bugs for several browsers.Responsible for checking cross browser compatibility and hence worked on different browsers like Safari, Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox and Google Chrome.    Environment:  HTML5, CSS3, jQuery, AngularJS, Angular jqLite, Bootstrap, JavaScript, AJAX, JSON, Jasmine, Servlet, Spring, Web Storm Front End Developer The GuoShouCai Insurance Company - Hefei, CN April 2012 to December 2012 Project: Agency Management System Rewrite  Description:  The GuoShouCai Insurance is the largest personal lines insurer in China and the largest that is publicly held. GuoShouCai insurance Agency Management System Rewrite portal is being developed by jQuery and some AngualrJS. Agents can search all the materials such as claims' photos and description send by applicant policy holder through this application. This project aims to help its insurance agents improve their workflow.  Responsibilities:  • Involved in Software Development Life Cycle using Agile methodology(Scrum)  • Developed the UI layout and front- end programming (HTML) for web application that matched requirements.  • Coordinated with the Business Analysts and conducted feedback sessions with the Associates in order to understand the requirements of the user interface layout of the web application.  • Developed cross browser and multi browser compatible web pages using HTML4, AngularJS UI Bootstrap and AngularJS plugin like AngularJS Hotkeys and Smart Table.  • Involved in AngularJS MVC Framework and also on JavaScript, HTML4, CSS3 in the front- end development.  • Used/modified AngularJS .promise to perform AJAX calls for creating interactive web pages on JSON response.  • Developed the responsive web design using Bootstrap CSS and Media Queries.  • Used JSON for data exchange between client and server via RESTful web services.  • Used AngularJS Factory and Provider to provide services.  • Used JIRA tool for task assignment, bug tracking and fixture.  • Implemented unit tests and code reviews using Jasmine..  • Performed code review and test cases review for the developed features.  • Maintained application version control with GIT    Environment:  HTML CSS/CSS3, AngularJS, Bootstrap, JavaScript AJAX, JSON, Servlet, Spring, Web Storm Front- End Developer ABB - HEFEI, CN March 2011 to February 2012 Project: Sales Online Inquiry System  Description:  Sales Online Inquiry System is a web-based online System for enterprise partner. It is architected, designed and implemented, from scratch and completely, in full-stack JavaScript tools, including Bootstrap, Javascript, jQuery, Nodejs and MySQL. With this online application, enterprises can get an intuitive view of the products ABB company provide.  Responsibilities:  • Actively involved in various phases of the Software Development Life Cycle and the project was developed by using the Agile (SCRUM, SPRINT) methodologies.  • Responsible for web designing using HTML 4/5, XHTML, CSS 2/3, JavaScript and extensively used Table less Design in CSS for positioning.  • Created user experiences and information architecture flows to meet business/client needs with an emphasis on clarity and usability, using human-centered design principles and design techniques  • Implemented latest HTML5 and CSS3 features like creating various effects, shading, 2D 3D animation, Shapes, Handling multimedia files and many others.  • Responsible for designing Front-side of the website like embedded graphics, and interactive documents using JavaScript, XML, HTML and CSS.  • Designed dynamic client-side JavaScript codes to build web forms and simulate process for web application, page navigation and form validation.  • Involved in creating sites to organize client contacts and to summarize monthly financial data using MySql.  • Created web services and desktop applications to access and display data needed by support teams using, Ajax, JavaScript, JQuery, Java, CSS and HTML.  • Maintained Cross Browser compatibility & implement Responsive Design using Twitter Bootstrap, custom media queries, etc.  • Created dynamic HTML5 pages with JavaScript and CSS3 for their Intranet software product.  • Used JSON format to serialize and transmit structured data over network connection  • Used Jasmine for External Configuration Files & debugging and added unit tests to the code base using Jasmine.  • Co-ordination with onsite team for development, testing and production issues.    Environment:  HTML, CSS3, jQuery, AngularJS, Angular jqLite, Bootstrap, JavaScript, AJAX, JSON, Jasmine, Servlet, Spring, Web Storm Programmer/Analyst Chinese Academy of Sciences - Hefei, CN February 2010 to February 2011 Project: Tokamak Introduction Web Page  Description:  The Chinese Academy of Sciences, with roots in the Academia Sinica of theRepublic of China, is the national academy for the natural sciences of the People's Republic of China. Collectively known as the "Two Academies " along with the Chinese Academy of Engineering, it is an institution of the State Council of China, functioning as the national scientific thinktank and academic governing body, providing advisory and appraisal services on issues stemming from the national economy, social development, and science and technology progress. My team focus on the Tokamak program's website which is an experimentalsuperconducting tokamak magnetic fusion energy reactor in Hefei, the capital city of Anhui Province, in eastern China.  Responsibilities:  • Extensively involved design discussions and user experience sessions to provide inputs on the layout  • Developed custom web application interfaces using HTML4 and CSS to meet the requirements of other department  • Responsible for design and development of the web pages.  • Developed GUI using JavaScript, HTML4, XHTML, AJAX, CSS and JQuery in ongoing projects.  • Used JQuery to make the HTML and CSS code interact with the JavaScript functions to add dynamic data to the web pages on the client side.  • Wrote application level code to interact with the backend (Java) code AJAX and JSON via webservices and APIs.  • Responsible to design the browser compatible pages using HTML4, CSS2, JavaScript and JQuery.  • Developed CSSstyles to maintain the uniformity of all the screens throughout the responsible for design and development of the web pages from mock- ups.    Environment:  HTML, CSS2, JavaScript, JQuery, AJAX, JSON, XML, Tomcat Apache, SQL, Eclipse Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:    Client Scripting \ Server Scripting \  HTML5,HTML4.0, XHTML, DHTML, SASS, CSS,\ JSP, AJAX  JavaScript, AngularJS, Backbone JS, Bootstrap&jQuery. \ (XML, JSON).\    Java/J2EE Technologies \ Web/ApplicationServers \  JDBC, Servlets, RMI & Web \ Apache Tomcat 7.0,WebSphere Application \  Services\ Server 8.0\    JavaScript Frameworks\ Databases \  Angular JS MySQL 5.0\    IDE \ Build Tools \  WebStorm,Eclipse 3.3, 4.3\ Bower, Grunt,Maven 3, http-server\    Design and Debug Tools \ Platforms \  Microsoft Frontpage 2003,Macromedia \ Windows7&8, Ubuntu \  Dreamweaver,XML,Microsoft VISIO\ Linux & Unix\    Languages \  Java (JDK 1.5, 1.6, 1.7, 1.8), C/C++, SQL, tcl, Python, System C\