UI/ Front End Developer UI/<span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> UI/ Front End Developer Jersey City, NJ ? 5 years of experience in Analysis, Design, Development, Support, Implementation and testing of Web based and Client Server applications.  ? Experience in Full software development life cycle implementation including Business interaction, Requirement Analysis, Software Architecture, Design, Development, Testing and Documentation phases on Windows platforms. Work Experience UI/ Front End Developer Essex Savings Bank - Essex, CT July 2017 to Present Responsibilities:  ? As a UI Developer, assisting my team in developing two different Web-based applications and managed in developing of Account landing page, Account summary/overview and Login page.  ? Single page applications are developed using Angular 4, Typescript and RXJS.  ? Worked on some of the new features of Angular 4 like new if else syntax, ng-templates, form validators, Router etc.  ? Responsible for building a new website for the Small fleet clients and for the maintenance of Online New Platform.  ? Functionalities include writing code in HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery and JSP making use of Bootstrap framework. My Specialty is large scale CSS, focusing on reusability and modularity.  ? Enhanced an existing AngularJS application to follow strict MVC patterns for improved source code maintenance which resulted in 40% code reduction, ease of upgrade, scalability, ease of developer spin up and enhanced performance.  ? Implemented the caching of the get requests using the Interceptors of HTTP Client Module provided by Angular 4.  ? Worked with Angular 4 new features with ng-template and some of the form validations, Animation Packages.  ? Worked on Angular modules, components, dependency injection etc.  ? Used Angular JS as framework to create a Single Page Application (SPA) which can bind data to specific views and synchronize data with server using Sass, LESS, Bootstrap, AngularJS  ? Integrated the service call with UI using $http and $resources which are substitutes for AJAX in angular.  ? Using GIT for version control.  ? Used TypeScript to reduce the number of lines of traditional JavaScript files. Integration of TypeScript to the whole project.  ? Used Angular.JS $http service to communicate with Restful web services and JSON data.  ? Involved in up gradation and maintenance of company's website to the new layout using the Grid orientation model Bootstrap framework.  ? Made enhancements to existing CSS and DIV tags, made upgrades using Twitter Bootstrap model.  ? Extensively used CSS (Cascading Style Sheets) along with RWD to apply different styles to the layouts for varying screen sizes and pixels.  ? Tested cross browser functionality and fixed major layout bugs for supported browsers.  ? Involved in Agile/ SCRUM based approach to UI development.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, SASS, JavaScript, JQuery, Angular 4, Bootstrap, XML, JSP, Apache Tomcat, Dreamweaver, GIT. UI/ Front End Developer Marsh Insurance - Hoboken, NY September 2016 to June 2017 Responsibilities:  ? Actively participated in life cycle development (SDLC) from implementation phase to testing and deployment.  ? Rapidly prepared and implemented product specifications, including designing and creating wire frames to visually facilitate understanding of user interactions in features and concepts.  ? Involved in building highly interactive portable widgets using HTML5, CSS3, and the latest AJAX libraries.  ? Designed and developed User Interface using JSP, CSS3, HTML5 and JavaScript. Used JavaScript DOM manipulation and JavaScript event to generate the data result in UI.  ? Performed form validations using reactive forms from Angular2.0 framework.  ? Used Html5 Api reader to preview the upload files like .txt, .rtf, .tif, .tiff and.csv.  ? Used ng2-pdf-viewer from Angular2 npm package to preview the pdf files  ? Created many components with Angular2 for each single page application.  ? Used Angular2 camelCase syntax for built in directives.  ? Used router module from Angular2.0.  ? Used Angular2 npm packages like ng2-datepicker, ng2-pdf-viewer, ng2-auto-complete etc., to meet the requirements of the project.  ? Created different single page applications using Angular2.0 for users, sponsors, reviewer, and publisher.  ? Created AngularJS 2 components, Implemented angularJS 2 such as Bindings/interpolation, Pipes, Input variables, Bootstrapping, ngClass, bind to the click event, Component decorator, bind to the hidden property, bind to the href property, *ngIf, ngModel, *ngFor, bind to the src property, ngStyle and ngSwitch.  ? Developed e-mail modules using JavaScript, and hand coding of HTML5, XHTML, and CSS.  ? Developed complex, useable, attractive and cross-browser web interfaces that account for speed, file size, readability and accessibility.  ? Translated wireframes into optimized program code using HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript.  ? Implemented user interface designs from UI specifications and product requirements.  ? Designed Frontend with in object oriented JavaScript Framework like Angular.JS and Ext.JS.  ? Designed the email blasts using Adobe software and then implemented them using HTML5 and Java script.  ? Created HTML navigation menu that is role based menu items changes dynamically, derived from the database in the form of XML.  ? Successfully implemented Auto Complete/Auto Suggest functionality using Ajax, JQuery, DHTML, Web Service call.  ? Discussed various ideas/suggestions for the ongoing web sites regarding the page layout and creative design.  ? Involved in Finding out the bugs, broken links and missing images etc. and rectifying them.  ? Involved in Planning, Motivation and training the team members in the technical and functional parts.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Angular 2, DHTML, XHTML, JQuery, Ajax, Dojo, JSF and Bootstrap. Front End Developer Hans Infotech - Mumbai, Maharashtra February 2015 to August 2016 Responsibilities:  ? Designed the Web application layout and forms using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.  ? Used Cascading Style Sheet (CSS) in web pages to separate presentation from structure.  ? Handled all the client-side validations, slide show, hide and show controls, dropdown menus and tab navigation using JQuery.  ? Used Waterfall methodology as a Software Development Life Cycle and involved in requirement gathering, designing, coding, and testing.  ? Created Mockups and Wireframes for the development of variations of a layout to maintain design consistency throughout the site.  ? Used AJAX to refresh only certain section of the page and reduce the load on the web server  ? Responsible for transforming design mock-ups to W3C standards compliant HTML pages using HTML, XHTML and CSS.  ? Wrote code to fetch data from Web services using JQuery, AJAX via JSON response and updating the HTML pages.  ? Performed XML Transformations from value objects to XML and from XML to HTML data.  ? Designed and developed views, controller and model components implementing MVC Frameworks. Responsible for the process of UI design for Internet sites and applications.  Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, AJAX, JSON, XHTML, XML, Windows, Eclipse IDE. Web Developer World Wide Software(E) - Mumbai, Maharashtra January 2014 to January 2015 Responsibilities:  ? Designed and developed Web pages using HTML, CSS and XML.  ? Developed data insertion forms and validated them using JavaScript.  ? Validated input values to make sure that they will be accepted before they are submitted to the server.  ? Used JavaScript and XML to update a portion of a web page thus reducing bandwidth usage and load time and add modal dialog in web pages to get user input and requests.  ? Coded JavaScript for page functionality and Pop up Screens.  ? Drove multiple component design sessions parallel, creating design artifacts according to specifications.  ? Utilized new software methodologies to be able to adapt to changes in requirements quickly  ? Ensured that all components of the application are platform and browser compatible.  Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, XML, j-Query, Usability Testing, Agile methodology. Education Master's Skills JAVASCRIPT (4 years), BOOTSTRAP (2 years), AJAX (3 years), HTML5 (2 years), jQuery (3 years), UI, Front End, Angular Awards Dynamic team player with outstanding communication and interpersonal skills Additional Information Technical Skills:  Web HTML5, CSS3, SASS, JavaScript, Responsive Design, Angular 4/2, AJAX, jQuery, Bootstrap, ES5, ES6, TypeScript, JSX  Server Apache Tomcat  Version Control Git  IDE & Other Tools Sublime, Eclipse, Webpack, WordPress,  Testing Karma and Mocha  Package Manager NPM  Operating Systems Windows Variants, Linux, Unix