UI Developer UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> UI Developer - American Express • Around 6 years of experience in Web Development, developing User Interface (UI) applications and professional web applications using HTML5, CSS2/CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, JSON, DOM, XML, Backbone.js, AngularJS JS, React JS, Redux with experience in the software development life cycle.  • Worked extensively on CSS Background, CSS Positioning, CSS Text, CSS Border, Pseudo classes and Pseudo elements.  • Extensively did client-side validations using JavaScript and developed the required Servlets.  • Experience in UI Architecture design using AngularJS components.  • Unit testing of AngularJS components, services using karma-test- runner and Jasmine.  • Command on developing responsive SPA using Bootstrap and MVC frameworks like AngularJS.  • Experience in working with RESTful Web-Services and implementing RESTful API's.  • Developed custom NodeJS proxy used to send requests to client's API's, handling authentication and custom headers.  • Implemented Marionette which is a composite application library for BACKBONEJS to simplify the large-scale JavaScript applications.  • Expertise in using XML/JSON and AJAX to link with back- end applications.  • Good Understanding of Document Object Model and DOM Functions.  • Participation in Software Development Life-Cycle (SDLC) and preparing Requirement Specification documents, design documents, Test cases and Analysis, User Training documents and Technical Help documents.  • Responsible for deployments via NodeJS environments to production environment.  • Experience in the user interface with Rich Internet Applications (RIA's) using with web authoring tools and IDEs for development like Eclipse, IntelliJ and Net Beans.  • Developed securing the application using form-based authentication using HTML, JavaScript, JQuery and CSS.  • Involved in daily SCRUM meetings to keep track of the ongoing project status and issues.  • Extensively used source code control systems such as GIT, Gitlab and JIRA.  • Experience in debugging and troubleshooting the existing code using debugger tools like, Firebug, Chrome developer toolbar etc. Work Experience UI Developer American Express - Phoenix, AZ July 2018 to Present Responsibilities:  • Developed a front- end web application for E-commerce platform using HTML 5, CSS3, React.js, Redux, ES6 and NPM.  • Responsible to Style, look and feel of the web page with SASS that extends CSS.  • Worked on React.js Virtual Dom and React views, rendering using components which contains additional components called custom HTML tags.  • Involved to implement various screens for the front end using React.js and used various predefined components from NPM (Node Package Manager) and redux library.  • Worked in using React JS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, Animations, and Redux concept.  • Implemented stable React components and stand-alone functions to be added to any future pages.  • Responsible for React UI and architecture. Building components library, including Tree, Slide-View, and Table Grid.  • Used React JS for templating for faster compilation and developing reusable components.  • Used React-autocomplete for creating google maps location search on the webpage.  • Configured NPM to execute linters, magnifiers, pre/post-processors, tests, transpires, etc. based on build target.  • Developed the React container and presentational components (as Stateless and Functional components when applicable).  • Work closely with the development team to implement the enhancements and upgrades of the services.  • Developed the Redux pattern by using Redux framework as a core dependency.  • Used Node Package Manager (NPM) to manage modules & used it to install useful tools as Grunt, and Express.  • Responsible for the design of web applications for Web user as well as Retail users.  • Worked on an Agile (Scrum) Development Team to deliver regular updates to business team and project managers.    Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React.js, Redux, Bootstrap, Typescript, ES6/5, GIT. Front End Developer Staples - Boston, MA November 2017 to July 2018 Responsibilities:  • Implemented an application from scratch using Angular 5, jQuery, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Typescript and Bootstrap.  • Implemented the Drag and Drop functionality using jQuery framework.  • Used JQuery plug-ins for Drag-and-Drop, Widgets, Menus, User Interface and Forms.  • Involved in developing HTML5 and JavaScript for client-side presentation and data validation within the forms.  • Developed single page applications using Angular 5, Typescript, HTML5, CSS3, and Bootstrap.  • Performed form validations using reactive forms from Angular 5 framework.  • Research existing web applications and customers, then analyze and create efficient UX solutions for Web Application.  • Used the concept of promises to improve the RESTful APIs functionality.  • Maintained and developed responsive web properties and content channels using CSS, JavaScript and HTML. The main goal was to create solutions that are device-agnostic which will allow page display to function perfectly on every resolution spectrum.  • Developed Single Page Application (SPA) using AngularJS Framework and injected generic services using Angular 5.  • Design all UI elements, wireframes, and comps with Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator and InDesign.  • Developed custom NodeJS proxy used to send requests to client's API's, handling authentication and custom headers.  • Many jQuery libraries were used to implement the functionality.  • Done unit tests in TDD format using Angular 5 testing library.  • Extensively used JavaScript and jQuery for functionality.  • Developed and utilized UI reusable components through Angular 5.  • Used pre-processor LESS to generate and manage CSS.  • Work in Scrum Agile using Gitlab, developed and adjusted user stories appropriately.  • Experience in assessments workflow in design patterns in cross browser functionality.  • Apache Cordova extends the features of HTML and JavaScript to work with the device.  • Developed Mobile web application using native JavaScript and Angular JS by using existing hybrid Mobile application code base.  • Debug the application using Chrome Developer tools to traverse the documents and manipulated the Nodes using DOM and DOM Functions.  • Designed and developed Mobile Applications using JavaScript, HTML5, and CSS.  • Implemented styling Presentation layer using Bootstrap, Angular JS and HTML5.  • Developed cross-browser compatible website using MySQL and jQuery.  • Involved in writing application level code to perform client-side validation using jQuery and JavaScript.  • Created the test cases using Karma, Jasmin as the platform for testing the application on Phone-gap and the desktop version of the application.  • Developed all the UI pages using, HTML, DOM, JSON, and AJAX.  • Created the test cases using Karma, Jasmin.  Environment: HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Angular5/6, Typescript, Jasmine, Bootstrap, Chrome Developer Tools NodeJS, AJAX, Atom, GIT. Front End Developer Capital One - McLean, VA February 2017 to November 2017 Responsibilities:  • As a Front- End developer working with React, Redux. Highly knowledgeable on scalable and usable UI components and Front- end architecture.  • Solid understanding of React rendering theory and skilled in Node.js, ES6, Async Generator, Event-loop  • Extensively working on Jenkins/Teamcity/Docker for the purpose of continuous integration (CI) and for End to End automation for all build and deployments.  • Incorporated table-less web development approach to create applications using CSS (2.1/3) and with the help of tags as per W3C standards.  • Experience using AJAX to create interactive web applications, mainly focusing at increasing performance.  • Used CSS pre-processors like SASS and LESS.  • Working with front- end technologies like ReactJS, typescript, JavaScript ES6, HTML5 and CSS3  • Working with Nodejs, sequelize, graphql to write back- end services.  • I work with testing frameworks like Jasmine, Frisby and Protractor to write end to end test cases.  • I practice BDD and TDD in my daily work.  • Good Experience in React JS for creating interactive UI's using One-way data flow, Virtual DOM, JSX, React Native concepts.  • Expertise in React JS and working with React Flux architecture.  • Hands on experience on CSS preprocessors such as SASS and LESS.  • Expertise in React Component for UX-Library consisted of Button, Checkbox, Input, Icons, Toggle Button, Dropdown, Multi-Level Dropdown and many more.  • I closely work with architecture team to improve code quality and to write more components for reusability.  • Built large-scale web applications and mobile-first websites using JavaScript, React.  • Researched and implemented new technologies including isomorphic JavaScript and MVC frameworks.  • Mentored and trained other developers; conducted code reviews.  • Collaborated closely with designers, copywriters, business stakeholders, and other developers.  • Research, implement and present on new tools and methodologies.  • Refactor code and review other developers' code.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, Javascript, ReactJS, Redux, Node JS, Typescript, Jekins, Docker, Karma, Jasmin. UI Developer August Hi-tech Soft Solutions - IN May 2013 to May 2016 Responsibilities:  • Worked with HTML5, XML, JSON, JavaScript, jQuery and Angular JS for developing user interface.  • Developing the code for Enhancement CR using AngularJS, HTML5, CSS and Twitter Bootstrap.  • Used advanced level of jQuery, AJAX, JavaScript, CSS and CSS layouts.  • Implemented Backbone.js and Angular JS to create a dynamically changing website.  • Developed Single Page Application using AngularJS Framework.  • Developed Web Application to replace the existing and legacy Website using AngularJS Framework.  • Followed MVC Architecture using Angular JS Framework.  • Deep understanding of JavaScript and the jQuery framework.  • Involved in building a high efficiency Dynamic Single and Multiple Page Web Application using Angular JS, Node.js, HTML, HTML5, Java Script, Bootstrap, jQuery and CSS3.  • Excellent problem-solving skills and the ability to work independently.  • Strong communication, analytical and interpersonal skills working within cross-functional teams.  • Created and optimized graphic prototype websites and applications interfaces using HTML and CSS.  • Involved in write application level code to interact with APIs, Web Services using AJAX, JSON and XML.  • Implemented and designed user interface for web-based customer application.  • Designed business applications using web technologies like HTML, XHTML, and CSS based on the W3C standards.  • Tested the application using Grunt JS.  • Integrated with backend code (Java) for highly interactive AJAX based applications.  • Developed data formatted web applications and deploy the script using client-side scripting using JavaScript.  • Worked on Cross-Browser compatibility and fixed the bugs for several browsers.  • Created cross-browser compatible and standards-compliant CSS-based page layouts.  • Used GIT for version control.    Environment: HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript, AngularJS, Backbone.js, React.js, jQuery, Node.js AJAX, JSON. Education Master's in Computer Science in Computer Science Marymount University Skills JAVASCRIPT, BOOTSTRAP, TYPESCRIPT, JSON, VS CODE