Senior Front End Developer Senior <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Senior Front End Developer - ENGAGE SOFTWARE St. Louis, MO Work Experience Senior Front End Developer ENGAGE SOFTWARE - St. Louis, MO January 2018 to Present • Created website themes and layouts within DNN  • Designed and implemented the UI for a web-based time tracking system  • Managed all HTML and CSS implementations of DNN modules.  • Led and trained a junior front end developer.  • Enhanced previous module, content, and them designs.    Project Manager  • Managed "evolution" client website enhancements and maintenance through project management software "Mavenlink".  • Oversaw tight budgets under a set amount of hours.  • Delegated client-work to the proper development resources.  • Set weekly or bi-weekly check-ins with clients through go-to meeting and zoom.  • Led new-hire training and workplace introduction in lieu of an HR department. Front End Developer RESERVE DIRECT - St. Louis, MO March 2014 to January 2018 • Successfully managed the implementation and delivery of over 500 white label affiliate sites along with 12 separate e-commerce "destination" sites.  • Smoothly implemented the Bootstrap framework into the e-commerce destination sites and led all mobile design implementation efforts.  • Managed all HTML and CSS implementation while reducing page load speed through Google's page speed optimization tool and more.  • Ensured proper SEO value by using HTML5 best practices to increase Google search rankings.  • Enhanced site wide functionality with JavaScript and jQuery.  • Built hundreds of responsive HTML emails with Outlook, Gmail, and other email clients supported. Front End Developer ELEMEN T74 - Cape Girardeau, MO May 2013 to March 2014 • Enhanced the interface and experience of the proprietary CMS.  • Created reusable HTML and CSS templates from .PSD's.  • Added Javascript/jQuery for some site functionality and mobile capabilities.  • Set mobile design standards for company-wide use.  • Successfully trained and transitioned a junior front end developer.  • Collaborated with project managers / designers for implementation requirements  • Met with clients to receive and note their web site needs.  • Moved, backed up, and restored web site databases Education B. S in Computer Information Systems Southeast MO State University - Cape Girardeau, MO August 2010 to May 2013 A. A. in Computer Science Mineral Area College - Park Hills, MO August 2007 to May 2009 Skills Javascript (5 years), UI (7 years), CSS3 (7 years), LESS (5 years), DNN (1 year), HTML 5 (7 years), HTML (7 years), Photoshop (6 years)