Front End Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Vista, CA Full stack web developer with more than eight years of progressive experience working on a wide range of challenging projects. Strong interest in modern JavaScript technologies, particularly the MEAN stack. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Front End Developer Mentus - San Diego, CA August 2018 to Present • Responsible for developing medium to large scale commercial websites for big pharma and healthcare clients using modern JavaScript tools/frameworks, Drupal 8, Acquia, Pantheon, WordPress, MAMP, Git, SCSS, and NPM among other technologies.  • Work comfortably in a fast-paced ISO-9000 compliant development environment with strict deadlines and strong oversight.  • Developed custom web applications using Vanilla JavaScript, jQuery, and Angular.  • Developed custom WordPress websites without the use of themes or templates.  • Worked on concept web apps using Angular 6, Ionic 4, Capacitor, Node.js, and Express.js.  • Was assigned a lead position to explore the latest single page web technologies and to implement the MEAN stack as our primary development bundle.  Senior Front End Developer Next Level Web - Vista, CA January 2015 to August 2018 • Responsible for designing and developing business websites using JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3, jQuery, PHP, WordPress, and SVGs.  • Led the effort to employ responsive design methods and tools including media queries and jQuery Mobile.  • Assisted with sales, consultations, and client relations. Made a significant contribution to the growth of the company and improvement in client satisfaction which led to an increase in referrals.  • Streamlined and improved our online marketing services including SEO, SEM, email marketing, video production, content creation, and social media which had a positive impact on revenue growth.  • Participated in the hiring, training, and management of employees.  Front End Developer Rocketforce.NET - San Diego, CA May 2010 to January 2015 • In charge of all front end development and design projects.  • Took the lead on designing and pricing our web development and online marketing services which included custom design/dev, conversion optimization/analytics, SEO, SEM, video, email, and social media marketing.  • Improved efficiency and organization by streamlining workflows and processes by adopting modern project management and CRM technology.  • Contributed to a large majority of the company’s growth through inbound and outbound sales and word of mouth.  Education BS in Environmental Science UC Berkeley - Berkeley, CA Skills Front-End Development (8 years), UI/UX (8 years), JavaScript (8 years), Angular (2 years), WordPress (8 years), Mean Stack (2 years), Drupal (1 year), NodeJS (2 years), MongoDB (2 years), Sass (2 years), Project Management (8 years), Git (2 years), ExpressJS (2 years), HTML5 (6 years), CSS (8 years), Photoshop (8 years), Video Editing (2 years), Illustrator (2 years), PHP (4 years), SEO (6 years), Graphic Design (8 years), Shopify/Liquid (Less than 1 year), Google Analytics (6 years), Front End, HTML, jQuery, XML, Linux, SQL, MySQL, HTML 5 Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/blakeawarner Certifications/Licenses JavaScript Developer Certificate Present W3Schools jQuery Developer Certificate Present W3Schools