Front- End Developer <span class="hl">Front</span>-<span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front- End Developer Hicksville, NY • 5 years of experience as a Front- End UI Developer in Web development, maintaining and designing rich, usable and functional web application.  • Expertise in Web Development Technologies for highly interactive User Interface Development like HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, AngularJS, Angular 2/4/6, React.JS.  • Experience in all phase of SDLC starting from Requirement, Analysis, Design and Development, testing using various methodologies. Involved in projects using Agile methodologies.  • Worked HTML5's new APIs such as Local storage, Session storage and Application cache.  • Hands on Experience on Angular CLI (Command line Interface).  • Created applications with Angular 2/4/6 and Unit Test with Karma-Jasmine.  • Expertise in using AngularJS directives, Controllers, Filters, Services, Templates, Events and Injectors.  • Worked in TDD (Test Driven Development) and used Jasmine as testing framework and used Karma as a test runner.  • Experience working with testing tools like Firebug, Firebug Lite, Chrome or safari web inspectors and IE Developer Toolbar.  • Worked on some of the new features of Angular 4 like new if else syntax, ng-templates, form validators.  • Good experience in participating in daily meetings and stand ups to provide updates and project progress in JIRA.  • Used Stash/Bit bucket which acts as the centralized GIT "remote" used for the vast majority of clone, pull and push operations and JIRA for defect tracking.  • Good Exposure to Web Access Guidelines, Web Standards (W3C) Compliances.  • Hands-on experience working with CSS3 media queries in support of Responsive Web Design (RWD).  • Extensive experience in coordinating with business analysts and quality assurance teams to ensure the developed code is meeting the requirements and is accurately transformed into working product. Work Experience Front- End Developer JPMorgan Chase & Co - Tampa, FL May 2018 to February 2019 Responsibilities:  • Responsible for creating single page user interactive web application using HTML5, CSS3, SASS, JavaScript, TypeScript, Bootstrap, Angular-CLI and Angular 4/5.  • Worked on some of the new features of Angular 4/6 like new if else syntax.  • Built custom Angular components and services for single-page application. Created reusable custom directives and service.  • Developed the Responsive design to make the portal compatible with Mobile/Tablets/PCs.  • Used Non-Visual Desktop Access (NVDA) Screen Reader.  • Used Reactive and template form validation in Angular 6.  • Worked on some of the new features of Angular 4 like new ng-templates, form validators.  • Implemented data binding using Event Binding and Property Binding methods and ng-Model.  • Worked with Angular CLI to create Components, Services, Pipes, Directives.  • Consumed RESTful web services in Angular 4 with http, observables using various operators like modify, filter, map for calling data from the backend.  • Implemented HTTP requests using RxJS Observable library to handle multiple values over time and handled various exceptions based on the response.  • Implemented Angular Router to provide navigation to different views and guards such as CanActivate, CanActivateChild, CanDeactivate, CanLoad for protecting the routes.  • Wrote all synchronous / asynchronous unit tests leveraging Karma/Jasmine.  • Used SASS features such as mixings, nesting selector, variables to style webpage.  • Committed code change into repository by using version control tool Git.  • Increase productivity, improve communication and reduce downtime by keeping track of bugs using JIRA.  • Updated the application with new features of Angular 6.  • Followed Agile Methodology for the complete life cycle of the project & Involved In daily stand up meetings.  • Implemented new features of HTML5 and CSS3 like Media Query, Audio, Video, local storage and session storage.  • Used Angular 6 latest technologies for state management like ngrx, redux, store, effects and to create custom workflows for wires.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, SASS, JavaScript, Restful APIs, Angular 4/6, Angular-CLI, D3.js, ES2015, Typescript, Bootstrap, GIT, JIRA, Agile, Visual Studio Code. Front- End Developer Vent Enterprises - Mumbai, Maharashtra December 2014 to November 2016 Responsibilities:  • Worked with Angular 2, HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, SASS to create an intuitive web application.  • Used @input and @output to bind data between child component and parent component.  • Utilized observables and Angular 2 Http to observe the changes of the data while working with Angular 2 router, connect to back- end.  • Implemented Pipes to create data filters and data sorting.  • Extensive experience on using Angular 2 directives, working on attribute level, element level such as *ngIf and *ngFor, class level directive.  • Defined new validations through Angular 2 for the form field validation implemented using directives like valid, pristine and checked.  • Worked closely with BA and UX for finalizing requirements design and deliverables for release.  • Used lazy loading and created custom classes for web API services.  • Working as a front- end developer in UI focused role and also in end to end software development cycle from design to deployment in production.  • Worked with RxJS observables and operators like map, filter, debounce and take.  • Upgraded to HttpClient to make the ajax calls to Restful based services.  • Debugged UI using chrome debugger for visual studio code to debug the source in IDE.  • Worked on Angular 2 concepts such as two-way data binding, ng-if and ng-for structural directives, property binding, services, dependency injection, routing.  • Used libraries like JSON mapper to map responses from REST API's.  • Have done Reactive and Template driven form validations.  • Created Unit tests using Karma and Jasmine to have test driven development and to check the test coverage.  • Worked in a team, involved in developing the UI, layout and front- end development for web application that matches requirements of the client.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, SASS, Bootstrap, jQuery, JavaScript, Typescript, Adobe, Redux, AJAX, JSON, Bootstrap, Git, Grunt, JIRA, Jasmine, Karma, Typescript, Angular 2. Front- End Developer Haptik - Mumbai, Maharashtra June 2012 to November 2014 • Involved in designing the user experience interface UI/UX strategy, UI requirements, converting findings into UI designs.  • Used AngularJS as framework to create Single Page Applications which can bind data to specific views and synchronize data with server.  • Created custom directives and filters using AngularJS built-in $http service from controller through dependency injection.  • Built web pages that are more user-interactive using HTML5, CSS3, AJAX, JSON, JavaScript, AngularJS and Bootstrap.  • Used AngularJS as the development framework to build a single-page application and which can bind to specific views and synchronize data with server  • Leveraged MVC design pattern to organize AngularJS controllers, custom directives, services and filters.  • Responsible for React UI and architecture. Building components library, slide view and table grid.  • Worked in React JS components, forms and animations.  • Applied various built-in filters such as date, order by into the application. Used different kinds of layouts and languages with help of internationalization.  • Implemented UI router to navigate to different views throughout application.  • Used Angular $http to send GET/POST request to fetch data from server.  • Extensively used Bootstrap for Responsive design.  • Used Unit test cases into Jasmine for various use cases.  • Used Git, GitHub for project management and version management.  • Worked with QA team on daily basis in fixing the reported bugs/defects and checking cross platform compatibility.  • Responsible for checking cross browser compatibility, Responsive Web Design.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, SASS, Bootstrap, jQuery, JavaScript, Redux, AJAX, JSON, Bootstrap, Git, Grunt, JIRA, Jasmine, Karma, Typescript, Angular JS Education MASTER'S IN COMPUTER SCIENCE in COMPUTER SCIENCE New York Institute of Technology January 2017 to January 2019 BACHELOR OF COMPUTER ENGINEERING in COMPUTER ENGINEERING Watumull Institute of Computer and Electrical Engineering June 2012 to June 2016 Skills Visual studio, Html, Javascript, Bootstrap, Typescript, Webpack, Json, Xml, Angularjs, Html5, Mvc, Sass, Jira, Ajax, Css, Eclipse, jquery, Rest, Unix, Linux, Angular, CSS3, Front-End, Node, UI, Front End Links http://@input http://@input Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS    Web Technologies HTML/HTML5, CSS3/CSS4, XML, JavaScript, TypeScript, REST, Node, React JS, EcmaScript6, jQuery, AJAX, JSON, Bootstrap.  Frameworks MVC, AngularJS, Angular 2, Angular 4, Angular 5.  Web Tools NPM, JIRA, Webpack.  CSS Preprocessors SASS, Stylus.  Operating Systems Windows, UNIX, Linux, Mac OS.  Methodologies Agile, Waterfall.  Debugging Tools Chrome Developer Tools, Firebug, Web Inspector.  Databases MongoDB, MySQL.  Testing Frameworks Jasmine, Karma, Mocha  Tools/IDE Eclipse, Sublime Text, Atom, Visual Studio Code.