UI Developer UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> UI Developer Charlotte, NC Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience UI Developer ADP - Florham Park, NJ March 2018 to July 2019 Responsibilities:  ? Good experience in developing web applications using HTML5, LESS, SCSS, JavaScript, Bootstrap, jQuery and JSON and Spring MVC.  ? Integrating the web application using SVN server control.  ? Developed user interface with JavaScript, jQuery, and AJAX and analyze the response of JSON in order to update the DOM.  ? Used JavaScript for client-side validations, implemented User Interface in Model-View-Controller and created dynamic JSP pages.  ? Understanding of asynchronous request handling, partial page updates, and AJAX and familiarity with newer specifications of ECMAScript (ES6).  ? Good knowledge in Angular 6 and managed multiple customized web applications using Angular 4.  ? Experienced in bug tracking and project development process using JIRA.  ? Used Bootstrap JavaScript plug-ins to implement Tooltips, Buttons, Alerts, and Tabs.  ? Good experience in debugging and troubleshooting existing code using Firebug and Developer tools.  ? Experience in designed dynamic client-side JavaScript codes to build web forms and simulate process for web application, page navigation and form validation.  ? Expert in client-side scripting language and server-side scripting languages like JavaScript, React JS.  ? Used different jQuery plugins to build Rich Internet Application (RIA) to make it look more perceptive.  ? Used Object Oriented Programming concepts to develop UI components that could be reused over the web application.  ? Fixed bugs in the production and carried out Unit Testing for the developed functionalities.  ? Experience in maintain the states in the stores and dispatched the actions using redux.  ? Developed user interface using Angular Directive, Pipe and implemented the Drag and Drop functionalities.  ? Experience on cross browser compatibility issues and fixed the bugs for different browsers.  ? Developed interactive and dynamic web pages and coded for web page functionality, pop up screens and menus using the JavaScript.  ? Used React JS to create controllers to handle events triggered by clients and send request to server.  ? Experience in developing the Single Page Applications (SPA) using React JS.  ? Web application designing and development using HTML, CSS, JSP, React JS, and handle services in Spring MVC and Oracle Database.  ? Involved in AGILE process, and daily Scrums to discuss the application development experience to deliver in time.    Environment: HTML5, LESS, SCSS, JavaScript, jQuery, React JS, Bootstrap, Spring MVC, dojo.js, ORACLE DB, SVN, JIRA, JSP, JSON, AJAX and MY SQL. Front- end Developer AT&T - Middletown, NJ April 2017 to February 2018 Responsibilities:  ? Worked in Agile Methodology environment.  ? Developed UI pages using HTML5, CSS3, JSON, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap, Knockout JS, Require JS, Backbone JS and AJAX.  ? Designed and developed the user interfaces with various tools and implemented ASP.NET validation controls, Java Script, jQuery, CSS for server and client-side validations respectively.  ? Implemented the responsive Web designs using the SASS CSS preprocessor, CSS3 media queries, and Bootstrap.  ? Used the latest HTML5 elements for video playback, content rendering using semantic tags such as article, section etc.  ? Built Web pages that are more user-interactive using HTML5, CSS3, LESS, SASS, JavaScript, Bootstrap, RESTFUL API Services and JSON.  ? Consumed REST based Micro services with Rest template based on RESTful APIs.  ? Used Bootstrap and media queries to create a responsive website that fit all users and devices from desktop to tablet and mobile phone.  ? Created new reusable Ext JS components like Menu Navigation, Session monitor which was very useful in the application.  ? Worked on EXT JS with Restful and Soap Web service technologies.  ? Developed custom UI components and complex UI screens using Ext JS framework. Good Experience on Ext JS Data grid, charts, Forms and Layout Manager Components.  ? Knockout JS for creating Dynamic views and developing MVVM pattern for inducing two-way binding.  ? Good experience on working the UI architecture module using AngularJS 1.5.  ? Designed graphics, buttons, and logos for the website to enhance the application features for the user.  ? Used AngularJS to create custom directives for navigation bar, sidebar filters for patient data, strict filters for exact match search and other re-usable sections.  ? Used http with AngularJS interceptors to make sure the requests were valid and used UI-router to handle nested views and avoid page redirection.  ? Leveraged two-way data binding through scope in applications built on AngularJS and also implemented different validation control on the webpages using AngularJS.  ? In Angular JS developed efficient updating of HTML document when data changes and a Single Page Application.  ? Created Menus and Drawer component by using Typescript.  ? Responsible for implementing UI mockups, integrating third party JavaScript libraries, and handling/creating redux store data.  ? Used Backbone.js for fetching Data from the Server by giving URL to get JSON data for model and to populate model from the server. Captured the details and specifics of the website design via storyboards for prototyping.  ? Debugged the website using Chrome Developer tool and manipulated the nodes using DOM functions.  ? Used Grunt for JavaScript files concatenation and minify to improve performance in loading web pages.    ? Worked with Jasmine and Mocha in testing and performed Unit testing and execution testing utilizing JUNIT.  ? Tested pages for cross browser compatibility for Safari, Chrome, Firefox and IE.  ? Created test suites using Jasmine, karma and worked on tools like NPM, Bower with respect to the requirements.  ? Coordinated with the teams for QA / UAT and issue tracking and bug fixing.  ? Used JIRA for the bug tracking and project management.  ? Involved in AGILE process, two-week Sprints, and daily Scrums to discuss the development of the application to deliver in time.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Angular.js, Typescript, Bootstrap, AJAX, JSON, Backbone.js, AngularJS 1.5, React.js, XML, JSON, Responsive design, Redux, Visual Studio, Grunt, Agile, Jira, Azure, IE 6,7, 8 9 10, Firefox, Chrome. Web application Developer Rutgers University - South Plainfield, NJ January 2016 to February 2017 Responsibilities:  ? Worked on versioning tools like GIT and SVN.  ? Worked in Agile Development and maintained good level of communication in team going through all phases of SDLC lifecycle.  ? Developed Responsible Web Design (RWD) UI using HTML 5, CSS3 media queries, DOM, Ajax, JSON, Angular Js and Bootstrap.  ? Developed the front- end for the Identity Guard member website in HTML5, CSS3, jQuery, and AngularJS, in a responsive grid layout using Angular UI framework based on Bootstrap.  ? Embedded new Media Elements i.e., video and audio files using the HTML5 mark-ups and used HTML5 file API for uploading local files from the client-side.  ? Implemented latest CSS3 features like creating various effects, shading, 2D 3D animation, Shapes and Handling multimedia.  ? Designed and developed web pages using CSS pre-processors such as LESS and SAAS.  ? Worked with Twitter Bootstrap framework making use of grids, advance components like Navbars, Pagination, Alerts, Progress bars etc.  ? Created Angular components like controllers, services, directives and forms to collect different user data and implemented form validation in Angular.  ? Used AngularJS as framework to create a Single Page Application (SPA) which can bind data to specific views and synchronize data with server using SASS, Bootstrap, and AngularJS.  ? Using Angular JS created custom directives for data manipulations and to display data in company standard format in UI.  ? Developed Custom directives to be reused across different modules in the application  ? Developed Web API using MVC framework for all business logic and exposed to the front- end interfaces.  ? Gathered data from API/web services via AJAX-JSON calls and updating the DOM within the result sets.  ? Used jQuery to make RESTful API calls and Designed/documented REST APIs for collection and retrieval of high data.  ? Used JSON for data exchange between client and server and Ajax to reduce the network load and update only the certain components of the website.  ? Used GRUNT for UI task runner and mastered in using the GRUNT commands for building and deploying the project.  ? Used Jasmine framework with Karma to write tests cases and performed end2end testing using protractor.  ? Used W3C Validator for testing and worked on Unit testing with Karma and Jasmine.  ? Debugged the issues in firebug for Firefox, web developer tools in Chrome, Safari and IE 8, 9, 10 browsers.  ? Create complex JIRA workflows including project workflows, screen schemes, permission schemes and notification schemes in JIRA.  ? Worked closely with SQA team in fixing the reported bugs/defects and checking cross platform compatibility.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Ajax, Bootstrap, AngularJS, JSON, RESTFUL web service, Apache Tomcat, Karma, Jasmine, SASS. UI Developer/ Designer ICICI Bank - Hyderabad, Telangana October 2012 to February 2014 Responsibilities:  ? Fixed the browser compatibility issues in IE, Firefox and Chrome browsers.  ? Code on Cascading Style Sheet (CSS) in web pages to separate presentation from structure. Defined text alignment, size, borders and many other typographic characteristics.  ? Used HTML, CSS and JavaScript to render the dynamic web pages (presentation layer) for the application.  ? Used jQuery in controlling access to different pages of the applications.  ? Developed jQuery custom widgets to make easy the enhancement of the web pages.  ? Extensively used jQuery selectors in accessing various parts of the DOM.  ? Used Ajax and jQuery to update the parts of the Policy review web pages.  ? Implemented JavaScript promises functions as an alternative for callbacks.  ? Implemented and maintained AJAX based rich client for improved customer experience.  ? Worked on creating and consuming SOAP Web services for accessing data from other external services.  ? Used jQuery event handling in UI pages' handle validations.  ? Created jQuery custom widgets like date picker etc. and other custom widgets.  ? Involved in code review and deployment of the application on development, testing of production servers.  Environment: Java, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, SQL, Web Services using Rest and Soap, Ajax and Json Education Bachelor of Engineering in Engineering North Gujarat University June 2011 Skills Visual studio, Git, Html, Javascript, Bootstrap, Typescript, Json, Svn, Xml, Ajax, Css, Dreamweaver, Tomcat, Web design, Web logic, Web services, Angularjs, Html5, Sass, Soap, Front End, Front-End, UI, Angular