Front End Web Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> Web <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End Web Developer - WELLS FARGO Dulles, VA • About 6 years of Experience in developing and designing web pages and front- end user-interface (UI) development, working on user interface applications and professional web applications using HTML5, XHTML, DOM, CSS3, BOOTSTRAP, JQUERY, JSON, Angular JS, React JS, Web pack, AJAX and XML  • Experience applying the latest development approaches including MVC framework in the browser, event-driven applications using AJAX, Object Oriented (OO), JavaScript, JSON and XML  • Good Experience in React JS for creating interactive UI's using One-way data flow, Virtual DOM, JSX, React Native concepts.  • Expertise in Client Side designing and validations using XML, HTML5, DHTML, CSS3, JavaScript and JQUERY.  • Experience on working Responsive Design with CSS Background, CSS Layouts, CSS positioning, CSS text, CSS border, CSS margin, CSS padding, CSS table, Pseudo classes, Pseudo elements and CSS behaviors in CSS.  • Expertise in designing and developing User Experiences for Web Applications using Web Authoring tools such as Adobe Dreamweaver CS3, Adobe Illustrator and Adobe Flash.  • Utilized React JS for its efficient data flow architecture to create a lightweight and render efficient web app that searched projects via the GitHub API through keywords.  • Proficient experience in writing JS/JQUERY 2.0/1.0, ANUGULAR JS/JQUERY AJAX based web applications to improve the response time and extensively implemented update panels, script manager and triggers  • Extensive experience on implementing the AJAX features using JavaScript and jQuery.  • Experience in working with UML technologies for designing use case diagrams, sequence diagrams, flow diagrams and class diagrams.  • Strong experience in writing AngularJS Modules, Services, Controllers and in developing the components using Custom Directives.  • Experienced in various IDEs like Eclipse, Edit plus, JSFiddle, WebStrom, Sublime text, Notepad++, Microsoft Visual.  • Expertise in Developing Web API using Node JS and hosted on multiple load balanced API instances.  • Worked with the JavaScript MVC frameworks like Angular JS and Backbone JS.  • Experience in creating and optimizing HTML markup and CSS for email in cross-browser desktop and mobile.  • Proficient in Model View Control (MVC) design pattern.  • Experience in implementing the web-based applications using the Struts Framework.  • Developed Web API using Node JS and hosted on multiple load balanced API instances.  • Experience in working with Databases like Oracle, SQL Server and DB2.  • Extensive experience in developing Single Page Applications(SPA) using JavaScript frameworks like AngularJS.  • Implementation of web services using RESTFUL API.  • Excellent ability in communicating designs through scenarios, prototypes, and UI specs as well as Liaising with Business Analysts, Designers, and Developers to create functional specifications.  • Excellent working knowledge and thorough exposure on compatibility issues with different -versions of browsers.  • Developed single application to render dynamically based on the JSON from React JS server Fetch data from mongo DB using Mongoose  • Professional understanding of System development life cycle SDLC as well as various phases such as Analysis Design, Development and Testing.  • Worked extensively on Angular 2/4/6, Typescript SPA domains.  • Experience in designing various forms, tooltips, menus, tabs, widget that support drag and drop, animated effects, date and time selectors and many others using JQUERY.  • Responsible for checking cross browser compatibility and hence worked on different browsers like Safari, Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox and Google chrome.  • Experience in using Core Java concepts- Collections, Exception Handling, Multi-Threading, Serialization.  • Excellent communication skills, team player, quick learner and self-motivated. Work Experience Front End Web Developer WELLS FARGO - Charlotte, NC December 2017 to Present Responsibilities:  • Responsible for developing reusable components using React  • Created various web page layouts using HTML and CSS, Bootstrap with focus on user experience and compliance to standards.  • Involved in various phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) such as requirements gathering, modeling, analysis, design and development  • Used various Redux middle wares (like Thunk) for asynchronous dispatch of actions.  • Responsible for developing controlled form and state management of the application.  • Developed efficient updating of HTML document in React and used Redux for State management of the Application  • Worked with Spring MVC and Hibernate in the backend to build the business logic.  • Experience in build tool like GIT Review comments practices, GruntJS, Ant, Maven, Gulp.  • Used Scala to express common programming patterns in a concise, elegant and type-safe way.  • Worked with the AngularJS custom attributes for DOM manipulations.  • Designed web pages and used applications that meet business and user goals through a positive user experience.  • Participated in day-to-day meeting, status meeting, strong reporting and effective communication with project manager and developers.  • Responsible for coding, testing and documenting various packages, procedures and functions for libraries and stored procedures, which were commonly used by different modules.  • Worked with the browser by virtual DOM and component life cycle like Mounting, Updating and Unmounting in React.  • Extensively Worked on CSS Background, CSS Positioning, CSS Text, CSS Border, CSS Margin, CSS Sprites, CSS Padding, CSS Table, Pseudo Elements & Classes, and CSS Behaviors in CSS.  • Worked on Responsive web pages (RWD) using Bootstrap, RESTful API web development and media queries.  • Used Wireframe for UX designing and implemented responsive web design based on it.  • Involved in creating a Reusable component and React-Router to turn application into Single Page Application using React JS.  • Responsible for code optimization, Cross-Browser compatibility and fixed the bugs for several browsers.  • Extensively Worked on CSS Background, CSS Positioning, CSS Text, CSS Border, CSS Margin, CSS Sprites, CSS Padding, CSS Table, Pseudo Elements & Classes, and CSS Behaviors in CSS.  • Developed powerful Single Page Application and dynamic responsive Web Application with React JS.  • Developed reusable style sheet partials using SASS Pre-Processor.  • Used Redux-Store for storing state of the React Application and worked with middleware for the Redux-Store.    Environment: JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3, Angular2/4/6, Angular JS, React JS, Media Queries, DHTML, AJAX, JSON, DOM, DHTML, XML, Atom Front End Web Developer AMEX - Salt Lake City, UT March 2016 to November 2017 Responsibilities:  • Developed cross-browser/platform HTML5/HTML, CSS3/CSS, Angular 2/4 to desired design specifications for single page layout using code standards.  • Used jQuery to make the frontend components interact with the JavaScript functions to add dynamic web page at the user interface and adaptive free layout using Bootstrap.  • Used SASS for styling components.  • Used Bootstrap along with Angular2/4 in creating the application pages.  • Profound knowledge in Unified Modeling Language (UML) to design Use-cases, Class Diagrams, Activity Diagrams and Sequence Diagrams.  • Extensively used jQuery, Jasmine, Bootstrap, JSON, AJAX and DOM (Data Object Modeling) scripting to create interactive web applications like message posting and auto complete form for secured validations.  • Analyzed business requirements and participated in technical design, development and testing of various modules. Participated in Agile Scrum methodology for application development. Analysis, design, coding, unit, and integration testing of business applications in an object-oriented environment.  • Responsible for creating efficient design and developing User Interaction screens using HTML5 (new tags like audio, video, canvas) CSS3, JavaScript(ES5 & ES6), jQuery, AJAX and JSON, SASS and React JS  • Developed server-side REST style web services and called them from backbone collections  • Integrated the code (API) and responsible for setting up AngularJS framework for UI development. Developed html views with HTML5, CSS3, bootstrap and Angular2/4.  • Developed front- end components using HTML5/CSS3, AngularJS and Bootstrap based on MVC architecture pattern.  • Generated Typescript reusable components and services to consume REST API's using Component based architecture provided by Angular JS 2 and Node JS  • Leveraged angular resources for all data access, encapsulating URLs and standardizing data access interfaces.  • Wrote Jasmine unit tests using Karma to verify AngularJS modules and JavaScript utility routines.  • Designed dynamic client-side JavaScript codes and jQuery to build web forms, page navigation and form validation.  • Designed XML files for maintaining contents like video, images and audio and display them in flash application.  • Worked with the team, helping them build out their markup and CSS. Worked on large scale CSS, focusing on reusability and modularity using preprocessors like SASS.  • Worked with Angular JS routers, forms, modules, DOM, events, expressions, controllers, filters and Http Request.  • Designated UI architecture for the internal web application and worked with designers to construct conceptual Wireframes and Mockups.  • Developed page layouts, Navigations and presented designs and concepts to the clients and the management review.  • Used front end web development tools HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Typescript, Bootstrap, AngularJS, Angular2/4 to design UI.  • Worked in Agile Environment and attended meetings regularly to show the functionalities implemented and worked closely with business analyst and solution architect  • Developed user interface by using the React JS Flux for SPA development.  • Designed the architecture and user interfaces as the requirements using use cases.  • Worked on Custom Renderers to get the native look and feel for the application.  • Involved in building stable React components and stand-alone functions to be added to any future pages.  • Developed various generic JavaScript functions used for validations.  • Developing and designing SPA user interfaces in Angular.js.  • Designed dynamic and multi-browser compatible pages using HTML, CSS, Angular.js, JavaScript  • Defined new validations through AngularJS for the form field validation implemented through HTML5  • Used AngularJS multiple in-built directives such as filters, root scope, scope, modal, template, state etc.    Environment: JavaScript(ES5 & ES6), HTML5, CSS3,SASS, Angular2/4, Angular JS, React JS, Jasmine, Media Queries, Sketch, DHTML, AJAX, JSON, DOM, DHTML, XML, Mockups, In vision UI Developer Sun Technologies - Bengaluru, Karnataka August 2014 to December 2015 Responsibilities:  • Gathered and analyzed the requirements and converted them into User Requirement Specifications and Functional Requirement Specifications for the designers and developers to understand them as per their perspective.  • Worked in all the modules of the application which involved front- end presentation logic developed using Tiles, JSP and JavaScript.  • Implemented User Interface using JavaScript, HTML5, XHTML, XML, CSS3, JSP, AJAX and MySQL.  • Used JSP, Servlets, and HTML to create web interfaces. Developed Java Beans and used custom tag libraries for embedding dynamic into JSP pages.  • Used JQuery plugins auto complete, validation, drag and drop and more exceptionally.  • Involved in developing various generic JavaScript functions used for validations.  • Used advanced level of HTML5, JavaScript, CSS3 and pure CSS layouts (table less layout).  • Used Google Web Toolkit (GWT/GXT) MVP framework for developing the management console.  • Produced content pages with CSS3 layout and style markup presentations and used JavaScript methods and properties.  • Involved in integrating the Java code (API) in JSP Pages.  • Debugged the application using Firebug to traverse the documents and manipulated the Nodes using DOM and DOM Functions using Firefox and IE Developer Tool bar for IE.  • Exposed the Web Services to the client applications by sharing the WSDL's.  • Created logical and physical data models putting to practice, concepts of normalization and RDBMS.  • Used SOAP, JAXB, JAXP, XML/XSLT and WSDL for developing Web Services.  • Worked closely with QA team and fixed QA bugs as well as production issues with a quick turnaround time.  • Focused on Test Driven Development thereby creating detailed Junit tests for every single piece of functionality before writing the functionality.  • Involved in used Log4j utility to generate run-time logs, creating DDL and DML SQL scripts for creation of database objects.  • Used jasmine to implement test cases.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Dreamweaver, Adobe Illustrator, Handlebar.JS, Node.js, AJAX, Jasmine, Web services, MVP, XML, XSLT, CVS, Git, MySQL, Oracle 11g, Agile Methodology, Windows. Front End/Web/UI Developer KUVI Solutions - Bengaluru, Karnataka June 2013 to April 2014 Responsibilities:  • Interacted with user of system to understand their requirement and design the site according to their system requirements.  • Developed web pages using HTML5.  • Developed the presentation layer using JSP, AJAX.  • Used CSS and jQuery for rich user interface.  • Implemented plug-ins to extend application functionality  • Used jQuery core library for logical implementation part on client side of the application.  • Debug the application using Firebug and IE Developer Toolbar for IE.  • Responsible for checking cross-browser compatibility.  • Updated UI as per changing needs and requirements.  • Have experience in REST assured JMeter.  • Created Images, Logos and Icons that are used across the web pages using Adobe Suite (Flash, Dreamweaver, and Photoshop).  • Expertise in Client Side designing and validations using HTML, DHTML and JavaScript.  • Responsible for maintaining current websites that include updating web pages and upload content changes.  • Extensively used JQUERY, JSON, AJAX and DOM scripting to create interactive web applications like message posting and auto complete form validations.  • Managed all aspects of the web application, including maintenance, testing, debugging, deploy and printing.  Environment: HTML, CSS, Java Script, jQuery, Bootstrap, responsive Design, AJAX, JSON, Web storm, MS Office and SVN. Skills Visual studio, Git, Javascript, Jenkins, Svn, Visio, Xml, Dhtml, nginx, Tomcat, Html5, Enterprise architect, Eclipse, Java, Db2, Sql server, Mysql, Oracle, Postgresql, Sql Additional Information Technical Skills:    Programming Languages: JavaScript, Java, HTML5, DHTML, XML,CSS3, Angular 2/4/6, Angular JS, React JS, Node JS  Front End Tools: Visual Studio, Eclipse, Atom, Sublime Text, Eclipse, Edit plus, JSFiddle, WebStrom, Notepad++  SCM Tools: GIT, SVN  Testing Tools: Jasmine, Karma  Operating Systems Windows 7/8/10/XP, Ubuntu, CentOS, RHEL, MacOS, Windows Server 2012 R2, Windows Server 2016  Automation tools Jenkins  Web servers Apache Tomcat, Nginx  Databases Oracle, SQL Server, DB2, MYSQL, Mongo DB, PostgreSQL,  Others MS Office (Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint), Microsoft Visio, Enterprise Architect (EA)