Web Developer (Team Lead) Web <span class="hl">Developer</span> (Team Lead) Web Developer (Team Lead) - TCS America Fishers, IN • 4 years of experience in developing web based Distributed and Front End applications in a three-tier (MVC) architecture using HTML5, XHTML, CSS3, Bootstrap, Java, JavaScript, Typescript, Flux, JSX, JQuery, JSP and Servlets.  • Experience in various UI development frameworks like AngularJS, ReactJS, and NodeJS.  • Strong knowledge of Object Oriented Programming with various languages like Java, C++ and JavaScript.  • Proficient with CSS pre-processors including LESS, SASS and Stylus  • Academic/hands-on experience in DB Design, DB normalization and writing SQL queries.  • Experience in using various IDEs (NetBeans, Visual Studio, Eclipse, Atom, Notepad++).  • Extensive knowledge of Microsoft Office including Word, Excel and PowerPoint, as well as SharePoint Designer.  • Experience with Agile Development Methodologies.  • Thorough grasp of cross-platform, cross-browser compatibility issues and code optimization.  • Knowledge of testing Unit testing, with frameworks like Jasmine, JEST, Mocha and assertion library CHAI.    • Experienced migration of data from various OLTP data sources such as MySQL, MS Excel and SQL Server.  • Experienced in using task management strategies like KANBAN board and tools like JIRA. Work Experience Web Developer (Team Lead) TCS America December 2018 to Present • Analyze user requirements, procedures and problems to improve or automate technical aspects of the system  • Spear heading the Weekly service review with the Client on behalf of team.s  • Develop software solutions and strategy to meet the architectural goals and needs of a client  • Application Deployment using Heroku and Salesforce  • Unit Testing using JEST and Enzyme. Automated Testing using Jenkins  • DevOps Monitoring using Service Now ticketing system.  • Designing proof of concepts for introduction to new technologies.  • System Monitoring to Ensure Security and Availability to Users.  • Assess and performing Load Testing, GUI testing on web applications  • Establish and maintain relationships with client team members and other stakeholders  • Monitor service levels for area of responsibility and take proactive actions to address issues  • Research, evaluate and recommend new technologies for service delivery and improvement  • Supported application through Service Now ticketing system.  • Wrote test scripts on Mission Control. Front End Developer BTI Solutions - Bellevue, WA June 2017 to November 2018 BTI Time Management Software.  • Involved in full Agile Development methodologies.  • Interact with Product owners & Business owners to gather the requirements.  • Responsible to stabilize the application using technologies like AngularJS, HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap.  • Used CSS grid systems to make application responsive.  • Responsible for creating roles and permissions for the users.  • Used Grunt as task runner.  • Used GIT-Stash as version controller.  • Responsible to make controllers skinny to make them adaptable to Angular2.0  • Used angular services and factories to modularize the code. Front End Developer Confiance Tech Solutions February 2016 to March 2017 Office.com Templates (Marketo) Link to Code Repo    • Developed new functionalities & numerous Web Pages using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, Typescript, Bootstrap-2.0, HandelbarJS.  • Use of marketing automation tool "Marketo" for building and monitoring Lead Database.  • Create and edit emails, newsletters, banners and signage used in worldwide campaigns using Marketo  • Created the User Interface by coding in Angular MVC, bootstrap to build this Single Page Application (SPA).  • Created Web-hooks for gathering data on fields in marketo forms.  • Provided first level QA for campaign related URLs and Participated in scrum and team meetings.  • Designed a lot of Proof of Concepts with extraordinary use of Styling.  • Worked with localization team, site managers, editors and designers.  • Integration of existing pages with Marketo form.    Products.office.com Maintenance  • Hands on of experience with MS SiteMuse and MS Compass for Content management system.  • Involved in weekly SCRUM meetings to keep track of the ongoing project status and issues.  • Worked through cross browser compatibility issues with layout and styles and fixed major bugs for supported browsers and platforms.  • Consuming Google maps API's using plain standard AJAX call and handle operations using JavaScript callback functions.  • Used Git to update work progress with other team members.  • Used Bootstrap grid system to make whole application responsive.  • Proficiently used MSCOM CMS for code management and development based on required Demographics.  • Worked on fixing bugs as assigned in TFS by the QA team.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Typescript, Angularjs, Angular 2, AJAX, Eclipse, Atom, MSCOM CMS, Marketo, Bootstrap, JQuery. Front End Developer Seed InfoTech - Pune, Maharashtra July 2013 to July 2014 • Designed User Interface and developed single page web application using Angular (UI Router).  • Used Angular MVC components, performed dependency injection & employed two-way data binding.  • Developed all the angular components like Controller, Services, Factories, Routing, Directives.  • Developed Java-Spring controllers, validators, service classes, DAOs for backend interactions & operations.  • Customized the data in HTML structure to a tree hierarchy using JavaScript and deployed it on the local server.  • Used Mocha and Jasmine as the JavaScript automation testing frameworks for API testing.  • Designed a HTML table structure which displayed all the tender user data fetched from MySQL database.  • Involved in development of data abstraction layer (Service Classes) & Data Access Objects using Spring Data, MongoDB (JSON Documents).  • Built Web pages that are more user-interactive using AJAX, JavaScript, Kendo UI and AngularJS  • Developed numerous services in spring, exposing them as RESTFull API & consuming those API from angular factories/services. Internship Seed InfoTech - Pune, Maharashtra November 2012 to May 2013 • Worked on User Interface using JSP, CSS3, HTML5, JavaScript, JQuery.  • Worked closely with other senior developers, product managers, system architects, and the QA team to deliver optimal designs and software to meet and exceed expectations.  • Customized the data in HTML structure to a tree hierarchy using JavaScript and deployed it on the local server.  • Designed a HTML table structure which displayed all the tender user data fetched from MySQL database.  • Participated in daily meeting for enhancing the features for the portal. Education Master of Science in Information Technology Management in Information Technology Management Campbellsville University - Louisville, KY January 2019 to Present Master of Science in Information Technology in Information Technology University of North Carolina at Charlotte - Charlotte, NC August 2014 to December 2015 Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Science in Computer Science Rajiv Gandhi Technological University - Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh August 2009 to May 2013 Skills Angularjs, Bootstrap, Html5, Restful web services, Visual studio, Html, Javascript, Reactjs, Typescript, Json, Xml, Ajax, Css, Iis, Tomcat, Web services, Database, Mysql, Sql, Eclipse, Node, Angular, React, Jquery Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/sid-p http://github.com/SiddhantPainter Additional Information Technical Skills  • Programming Languages JavaScript, jQuery, Angular2, AngularJS, ReactJS, HandlebarJS, NodeJS, SQL, R.  • Web Technologies  JSP, HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, ECMA Script 6, Typescript, Ajax, Twitter Bootstrap, Semantic UI, JSON, JSX, Flux, XML, SpringMVC, HTTP, RESTful Web Services.    • Web Servers Apache Tomcat 7.0, IIS.  • Database Management MongoDB(NoSQL), MySQL, Robomongo.  • Project Management JIRA, Team Foundation Server(TFS)  • Development Tool Eclipse, Net Beans, Visual Studio, MySQL-Workbench, Microsoft Project, R Studio.  • Version Control Tools GitHub.  • Other Tools  Microsoft Office (Excel, Access, Word etc.), Marketo, Axure RP, Balsamiq, JustinMind, Tableau, Photoshop, Mission Control, ServiceNow.s