Front End Developer/ (UI Developer) <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span>/ (UI <span class="hl">Developer</span>) Front End Developer/ (UI Developer) - Coca-Cola • 7 years of Front- end Web Application Development experience with technologies using HTML4.0/5, XHTML, DHTML, CSS2/CSS3, DOM, JAVASCRIPT, JQUERY, AngularJS/Angular2, Nodejs, AJAX, JSON, Grunt, Gulp,Bower, XML.  • Extensive programming experience in writing web application programs covering front- end /UI JQuery and AJAX for building rich user friendly, high performance web applications.  • Extensive knowledge in developing applications in a single page (SPAs) using various JavaScript frameworks like SAAS, AngularJS.  • Wrote several angular components using controllers, services, directives and filters.Experience in creating rich interactive web pages and implementing animations in it using YUI utilities.  • Good Experience using Bootstrap for Responsive Web Design (RWD) and CSSmediaQueries.  • Deep understanding of Object Oriented JavaScript programming and JavaScript MVC framework.  • Extensive experience in Development, Implementation and testing in various application architectures, including E-Commerce, B2B, Distributed Applications, Internet /Intranet.  • Significant expertise in web development tools like APTANA STUDIO, web storm, Photoshop, Flash, Spring Tool Suite, Atom, Eclipse, IntelliJ, Notepad++ and Firebug.  • Experience in Agile methodologies such as Extreme Programming, Waterfall Model and Test-Driven Development.Expertise in MySQL and have a significant experience in Linux.  • Ability to apply W3C web standards with great skills in achieving the best cross-browser user experience for sake of long-term user retention and engagement.  • Responsible for checking cross browser compatibility and hence worked on different browsers like Mozilla Firefox, Google chrome, Safari and Internet Explorer.  • Strong experience on REST Web Services, Application of HTTP based RESTful APIs.  • Experience in implementing cross-browser style-sheets. Experience using Angular UI components like GRID.  • Performed unit testing, along with integration testing Chrome Inspector to fix bugs and worked closely with QA.  • Having very good experience using Scaffolding tools like GIT, SVN and Grunt.  • Application development experience in E-Commerce to develop the site more attractive and powerful.  • Strong knowledge in Document Object Model and DOM functions.  • Used GIT and perforce for driving the application repo.  • Extensively used Agile, Kanban methodologies in the projects. Work Experience Front End Developer/ (UI Developer) Coca-Cola - Atlanta, GA April 2016 to Present Description: Responsible in the creation of front- end facing applications through the system as well as mobile applications for internal employees to use to communicate with each other and perform various tasks.  Responsibilities:  • Created custom Angular directive for implementing accessibility features for eliminating cross browser compatibility.  • Followed the Agile methodology to implement the application.  • Developing user interfaces using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, React.js XHTML, jQuery, AJAX, JSON, AngularJS, NodeJS, Kendo, jQuery, HTML5, CSS3 and Bootstrap.  • Worked in a team, and involved in developing the UI, layout and front- end programming (HTML) from the wireframes.  • Coding, testing of reusable JavaScript, CSS3, HTML5, React.js, GWT widgets / libraries for complex UI controls  • Tested cross browser functionality and fixed major layout bugs for supporting browsers using Angular.Implemented form validations across the site using JQuery and JavaScript.  • Used AngularJS as a framework to create a Single Page Application (SPA), which can bind data to specific views and synchronize data with server.  • Displayed tabular data using AngularJS by applying filters on the table data.  • Used High charts and d3js for creating Graphs and charts for payments section and also implemented the filtering functionality for the graphs.  • Used AngularJS Http Request to read data from web servers and process JSON data to render in the UI.  • Used High charts and d3js for creating Graphs and charts for payments section and implemented the filtering functionality for the graphs.  • Debugging applications in different browsers using Firebug, and testing applications using JUnit, Jasmine, and karma, Mocha, Grunt tools.  • Functional programming in JavaScript, front- end design patterns, managing technology, mentoring junior developers, solving difficult UI problems, enterprise grade code quality, Cloud based, SAAS platforms and applications, UI component architecture.  • Designed the front- end applications, user interactive (UI) web pages using web technologies like HTML5 (Local storage,Index DB)/CSS3, Angular JS and bootstrap.  • Developing Hybrid Mobile App using AngularJs.  • Involved in developing mobile web Application (iOS, Android).  • Redesign the App using technologies of HTML5, CSS3, JS, Angular JS and JQuery.  • Developed web service components using REST, SOAP, and WSDL.  • Responsible to design various search forms, prototypes and also involved to create error validation code using JavaScript/JQuery.  • Responsible to design the Privacy Policy and Terms of User Pages on their public Website.  • Developing Environment in Application Servers like Web sphere MQ, BEA Web Logic, Oracle WebLogic, Apache Cordova, JBOSS, Tomcat, AWS (Amazon Web services), and Apache Cordova Platform.  • Used JQuery-Ajax plug-in to GET the data in JSON format and displayed on HTML page  • Did extensive JavaScript and JQuery programming to give AJAX functionality for the website.  • Extensive experience in implementing model-view-controller (MVC) architecture using Angular Framework.  • Designed website and maintain the website content up to date.  • Experience in cross browser compatibility check and collaborated with testing team to perform unit testing and integration testing.  • Re-designed/developed the main website to improve user experience and add new functionality using CSS.  • Designed dynamic and browser compatible pages using HTML5/HTML, DHTML, CSS and JavaScript.  • Developed page layouts, navigation, animation buttons and icons.  Environment:HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Redux, Bootstrap, AngularJS,Node JS, Ember.js,Bootstrap,Cordova, Amazon Web Services (AWS), Jasmine, Mocha, Grunt,d3js, Ajax, Hibernate, Karma, EXTJS, Web Sockets and Canvas, Maven, hybrid, Rest Api, Mobile (Windows, iOS, Android), GIT, JAWS, Grunt, version one SVN, Sublime Text. UI Developer Met life - Cary, NC December 2014 to March 2016 Description: Met Life being a health facility, my primary roles were to implement more dynamic enhancements across the systems that included two-way data binding to get data in real time, redesign the layouts of applications, and create a dynamic business center application to view data based on patient's information.  Responsibilities:  • Developed Web Application front end using HTML5, CSS3, React.js, JAVASCRIPT, JQUERY and ANGULAR JS.  • Followed Kanban Methodology in the progress of the project.  • Interacted with the Product owner and Business Analysts to discuss and understand the business rules and flow of the application.  • Involved in design of Class Diagrams, Sequence Diagrams and Event Diagrams as part of Documentation.  • Used SAAS as a software distribution model through which apps are available to the customers.  • Designed and developed the application to be responsive for desktop, mobile and tablets using Twitter Bootstrap (HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, Angular).  • Developing the sites for online trading using E-Commerce such as Electronic Data Exchange.  • Extensively used Web Storm for development in the front end and used Subversion as version control system and Tortoise client for SVN.  • Developing application design guidance and consultation, utilizing a thorough understanding of applicable technology, tools and existing designs.  • Used AngularJS framework where data from backend is stored in model and populated it to UI.  • Created AngularJS Controller Which Isolate scopes perform operations in UI.  • Using AngularJS created custom directives for data manipulations and to display data in company standard format in UI.  • Mentored and leveraged the technologies and modules that project contains among developers.  • Converted the pages from XMI (XML Metadata Interchange) to AngularJS and in this process had to deal with converting the XMI request and response in the front end to JSON (Java Script Object Notation).  • Worked with multiple teams to design, develop, implement, test, and continuously improve software applications, associated databases and websites.  • Performed complex analysis, design, development, and implementation of new software procedures, data changes and user requests. Used SQL queries to perform backend data validations.  • Decomposing requirements to the lowest level and verifying/validating those requirements. Ran the standalone front- end application in Grunt Server.  • Used Google Chrome for debugging the application.  • Provided other day to day activities included unit testing, documentation, fixing defects, root cause analysis, code review, defect resolution, QA support.  • Managed source control and version control using SVN. Project status tracking using JIRA, attended team meetings regularly. Integration room responsibilities.  Environment: Angular.js, React.js, Node.JS, JavaScript, Redux, JQuery, Twitter Bootstrap, Ajax, HTML5, CSS3, SVN, Sublime, Maven, GIT, PostgreSQL, Mango DB, TDD,Jasmine, Karma, Gulp, Protractor. Front End Developer ADP - Alpharetta, GA July 2013 to November 2014 Description: Role was to create user interface for the expansion of ADP's system, apply testing once the application reached this phase, create validation forms using jQuery, and implement very graphical enhancements across the system of existing applications.  Responsibilities:  • Developing user interfaces using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, XHTML, jQuery, AJAX, JSON, AngularJS, jQuery, HTML5, CSS3 and Bootstrap. Followed the Agile methodology to implement the application.  • Worked in a team, and involved in developing the UI, layout and front- end programming (HTML) from wireframes. Coding, testing of reusable JavaScript, CSS3, HTML5, GWT widgets / libraries for complex UI controls.  • Tested cross browser functionality and fixed major layout bugs for supported browsers using Angular.js.  • Implemented form validations across the site using JQuery and JavaScript.  • Used AngularJS as framework to create a Single Page Application (SPA), which can bind data to specific views and synchronize data with server.  • Displayed tabular data using AngularJS by applying filters on the table data.  • Used High charts and d3js for creating Graphs and charts for payments section and also implemented the filtering functionality for the graphs.  • Used AngularJS Http Request to read data from web servers and process JSON data to render in the UI.  • Used High charts and d3js for creating Graphs and charts for payments section and also implemented the filtering functionality for the graphs.  • Debugging applications in different browsers using Firebug, and testing applications using JUnit, Jasmine, and karma, Mocha, Grunt tools.  • Functional programming in JavaScript, front- end design patterns, managing technology, mentoring junior developers, solving difficult UI problems, enterprise grade code quality, Cloud based, SAAS platforms and applications, UI component architecture.  • Designed the front- end applications, user interactive (UI) web pages using web technologies like HTML5 (Local storage)/CSS3, Angular JS and bootstrap.  • Developing Hybrid Mobile App using AngularJs.  • Involved developing mobile web Application (iOS, Android).  • Redesign the App using technologies of HTML5, CSS3, JS, Angular JS and jQuery.  • Developed web services components using REST, SOAP, and WSDL.  • Responsible to design various search forms prototypes and also involved to create error validation code using JavaScript/jQuery.  • Developing Environment in Application Servers like Web sphere MQ, BEA Web Logic, Oracle WebLogic, Apache Cordova, JBOSS, Tomcat, AWS (Amazon Web services), and Apache Cordova Platform.  • Used jQuery-Ajax plug-in to GET the data in JSON format and displayed on HTML page  • Did extensive JavaScript and jQuery programming to give AJAX functionality for the website.  • Extensive experience in implementing model-view-controller (MVC) architecture using Angular Framework.  • Re-designed/developed the main website to improve user experience and add new functionality using CSS.  • Designed dynamic and browser compatible pages using HTML5/HTML, DHTML, CSS and JavaScript.  • Developed page layouts, navigation, animation buttons and icons.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap, AngularJS, Node JS, Ember .js, Express js, Bootstrap, Kendo, Amazon Web Services (AWS), Jasmine, Mocha, Grunt, d3js, Ajax, Karma, EXTJS, Web Sockets and Canvas, hybrid, Rest Api, Mobile(iOS, Android),GIT, JAWS, Grunt, version one SVN, Sublime Text. Front End Developer Guardian life Insurance - Bethlehem, PA October 2012 to June 2013 Description: This project is involved in the development of a Web based portfolio for individuals who has taken the life insurance. They can access their profiles, view the account information, gets an update of new insurance plans, upgrade to new plans.  Responsibilities:  • Designed web application user interface, interaction scenarios and navigation based on analysts, interpretations of requirement and use cases  • This is a configuration widget written in CSS3, JavaScript, and jQuery framework in UI Layer with tag library, application deployed and tested on Linux  • Designed and Developed JavaScript framework, which is wrapper on top of jQuery framework and AJAX, based UI Configuration widgets  • This system was written in Ajax, JavaScript, JSP, jQuery, HTML and CSS  • Used JavaScript and CSS for UI Design Mockup. Written code in jQuery/JavaScript /CSS/AJAX for the navigation-oriented application  • Created Dynamic Integration of jQuery Tab, jQuery, and another jQuery component integration with Ajax  • Has worked on AngularJS which combines web applications with Model View Controller capability to make development and testing of code efficient  • Implemented jQuery Filter search a JavaScript tool for adding a little search widget next to any page listing. This will hide all the list items that don't match the word that are being searched for  • Extensively used jQuery plug-in like Isotope and Masonry plug-in for multi column layout, Search plug-in, calendar plug-in, Ajax-queue plug-in, and Auto populating multiple select-boxes  • Used jQuery fancy box plug-in that adds stylish drop shadow to images posted on the webpage using jQuery  • Has worked on Jasmine that is especially used for testing JavaScript  • Developed UI and implemented for some plug-in using JavaScript, HTML, CSS and XML  • Writing and implementing CSS 3 throughout the site, both as in-line and imported files  • Resolved various CSS compatibility issue and did research for CSS3 to implement and for our framework  • Designed pages which are rendered from the custom CSS/CSS3 form the less preprocessors  • Writing and implementing JavaScript throughout the site, both as in-line and imported files  • Used Git as the distribution version control system  • Designed rich user experience prototype for managing users and roles  • Involved in Testing and fixing bugs and documented the application step-by-step process  • Has worked on jQuery mobile which is based on HTML5 for designing user interfaces for web applications.  • Has worked on JavaScript OOP, Selenium and Cucumber for synchronization of data.    Environment:HTML4/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript, AJAX, jQuery, Git, perforce, XML, SQL, Python, Windows Platform. Front End Developer Kohl's - Milwaukee, WI June 2010 to September 2012 Description: Kohl's Merchandise Allocation has improved store allocation with accurate sizes and colors. This application provides a seamless workflow for Analyst to provide the necessary allocation parameters to execute an allocation to Store level (and/or) at Distribution Center (DC) level.    Responsibilities:  • Worked on the continued development of custom, industry-specific, IOS and web-based software products  • Use Photoshop, Illustrator, PHP, JavaScript, AJAX, XML, MYSQL and other front- end and middle-tier technologies and standards, as well as content management system.  • Attended college career fairs to promote careers in Web development  • Created a standard email template to be used by all Qtech Emails Campaign.  • Develop the Brochures and templates for the e-mail campaigning.  • Need to work on the CMS for creating Blog and other pages using Word press (modify themes, create themes from PSD, integrate plug-ins and set-up and maintain a secure Word Press installation).  • Design and create Shopping Cart with experience in integrate gateway in to the system  • Develop user friendly navigation for various sections of data using JQuery Accordion and Tabs. Attended college career fairs to promote careers in Web development.  • Design and update user Integration with various APIs.    Environment: HTML5, jQuery, CSS, JS, Ajax, XHTML, XML, PHP5.2.11, Word Press. Education Computer Science Georgia Perimeter College - Perimeter, Georgia, US Skills VISUAL STUDIO, Git, HTML, JAVASCRIPT, ANGULAR.JS Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:  UI Web Technologies  HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, DOM, AJAX, JSON, Angular.js/ Angular 2, React.js, Redux, Bootstrap, LESS, SASS, Websockets, Node.js and Express.js.    IDE, Editors Notepad++, IntelliJ, WebStrom, Sublime, Adobe Dreamweaver, Aptana, Visual Studio, Microsoft FrontPage.  Developer Tools (IDE) Sublime Text 2/3, Brackets, WEBSTORM, Visual Studio Code  Web/App Servers HTTP Web Server, Experience with Many Online Webhosting Platforms (Shared, Dedicated, VPS).  Database MySQL, Oracle, MS-Access, SQL 2000/2005, DB2, MongoDB.  Version Control Perforce and GIT Hub  Browser All (IE, Firefox, Opera, Chrome, Safari)