Full Stack Developer Full Stack <span class="hl">Developer</span> Full Stack Developer - Child Welfare Intake Referral Portal • 6 years of professional experience in all phases of software development life cycle including requirements Analysis, Applications Design, Development, Integration, Testing, Deployment and Maintenance of various web applications.  • Strong web development skills with HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, Sass, Bootstrap, JavaScript (ES5/ES6), React, Redux, AngularJS, JQuery, AJAX and JSON.  • Experience in creating React Application using components, Reusable Component, Higher Order Components (HOC) to maintain states, passing data between component using props.  • Experience in using Redux to manage the application state and applying middleware such as redux-promise, redux-thunk and redux-saga.  • Experience in responsive web pages design with Media Queries, CSS Grid Layout, Flexbox and Bootstrap.  • Strong knowledge in JavaScript using Closure, Promise, Inheritance, AJAX and experience in both Object-Oriented Programming and Functional Programming.  • Experience implementing ES6 features such as arrow function, Class, Module, etc.  • Hands-on experience in creating front end Unit Test suites using Jasmine and Karma, and end-to- end test using Protractor.  • Experience implementing Cúram solutions. Worked on Batches, Organization structure, Security Groups & Roles, IEG framework.  • Configured and extracted custom dynamic evidence and customized existing OOTB dynamic evidences for AR Works program.  • Configured and implemented Cúram REST services.  • Implemented new build target to integrate Cúram REST to ReactJS screens.  • Worked on batches to create address evidences on client requirement.  • Experience in Evidence Brokering and Evidence Configuration.  • Experience in using UIM's  • Experienced in using modeling tools like RSA.    TECHICAL SKILLS:    Web Technologies  HTML/HTML5, CSS3, SASS, Bootstrap3/4, JavaScript, jQuery, React.js, Angular, Node.js, Express.js, REST API (AJAX calls), GraphQL (graphql-yoga, graphql-express), Apollo Client    IDE's & Tools Eclipse IDE, Dreamweaver, Visual Studio, Sublime Text 3,  Debugging Tools Firebug, Chrome, IE Developer  Database Oracle 11g, MySQL, MongoDB, AWS DynamoDB Work Experience Full Stack Developer Child Welfare Intake Referral Portal December 2018 to Present Description: Core Federal requirements of CCWIS/SNAP/TANF/CHIP is modular design capable of reuse and allowing for innovative modules with limited functions to be built and implemented incrementally and quickly. Highly flexible dynamic questionnaire engine that supports a variety of form-based questionnaires that are configurable by power users. Engine makes logical assumptions to speed up the referral intake process while enhancing information relevancy and accuracy.  There are two primary components in the Intake module, namely, the Questionnaire engine (QE), and the Referral Management Portal (RMP). The QE database will store the questionnaire templates as well as the referrals. The RMP database will store the referrals metadata and other system configuration data.  Responsibilities:  • Study and analysis of the requirements documents i.e. Functional Document Specification.  • Use the basic form to render the form to capture user input data. Store completed form as a referral and persist it back onto MongoDB.  • Mongo DB is used for storing form templates & RDS MySQL standalone instance is used for storing Referral Management data.  • Allows for serverless computing, AWS cloud deployment and scalability.  • API Gateway is used for exposing the Rest API endpoints to be consumed by the front end.  • The business logic is implemented using lambda functions utilizing Nodejs runtime.  • Use AWS Cognito for authentication, authorization, and user management.  • Simple Notification service (SNS) is used for asynchronous communication between FE and RMP applications.  • Use AWS SQS (Simple Queue Service) for messaging Queue.  • AWS Kinesis used for data map to translate referral data into the Analytics data chart. It Process events periodically depending on a frequency setting (every 15 mins) and update the corresponding columns of the specified row.  • Use web push notifications to increase user engagement.    Environment: MERN (MongoDB-Express.js-React.js-Node.js), Material-UI, Mongo Compass, MySQL, AWS Cloud, S3 bucket, Lambda functions, API Gateway, Cognito, GitLab, Jira, VS Code. Front End Developer e-Systems Inc June 2017 to Present Full Stack Developer ESYSTEMS, INC - Little Rock, AR May 2018 to November 2018 Responsibilities:  • Involved in application development using various framework and library including JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3, ReactJS.  • Worked closely with internal clients to define business objectives, project scope, solution space and design/development approach for various research applications.  • Implemented React in SPAs, UI Components, Mobile and web along with Performance optimization.  • Skilled in leading frameworks as React.js to build high-quality, scalable and reusable components and Front- end solution.  • Maintaining Parent and child elements by using State and Props in React.js  • Created React.js for reusable components (multi-field form elements, background file uploads).  • Used services to read data from remote server using React.JS and store in Redux.  • Implemented Initial setup and component migration to Redux.  • Used Node.js to run Webpack tasks and build properly the project.  • Each module contains all of its related constants, action creators, and its reducer. If any of our other modules need access to any of these we will export, import what is needed.  • Used Bootstrap Grid System and CSS3 Media Queries to develop single responsive application with good user experience in all platforms like desktops, tablets and mobile phones.  • Used Node.js for communication to the server through RESTful API.  • As a backend developer I was responsible for creating RESTFUL Web Services using Node.js & Express.js.  • Responsible for creating RESTFUL Web Services to serve data to the front- end application in JSON format.  • Implemented various features of node.js like Asynchronous calls, callback, non-blocking I/O features.  • Worked with mongoose.js for database communication with MongoDB.  • Created various Mongo DB collections and wrote services to store and retrieve user data from for the application on devices and used Mongoose API to access the Mongo DB from Node JS.    Environment: HTML 5, CSS3, JavaScript, Bootstrap, ReactJS, Webpack, Node.js, NPM, Express.js, MongoDB, Mongoose, POSTMAN, SVN, VS Code. Front- End Developer ReactJS, and Redux October 2017 to April 2018 Responsibilities:  • Developed the User Interface of ARWorks applications using JavaScript, ES6, ReactJS, and Redux.  • Developed Single Page Applications (SPAs) using React-Router and to enable navigation from one view to the next as clients performs application tasks.  • Involved writing modules using ReactJS as a view engine to build component-based application.  • Created reusable React components and managed application state with Redux.  • Experience in integrating ReactJS Application into IBM Curam Framework.  • Created Evidences in IBM Curam and involved in creating RESTful API to get and post the data onto Front End (ReactJS).  • Used redux form to manage form state in redux.  • Used High-Order Component to improve component reusability.  • Created formatter wrapper JavaScript API with Moment.js to format date, time and numbers.  • Used AJAX calls and requesting JSON information through REST APIs to fetch data and secure client's information from server asynchronously.  • Used Webpack as module bundler and Babel for compiling and build component based React architecture and SASS preprocessing for configuring tasks.  • Used Babel to compile JSX, ES6 and follow JSHint standard for high code quality.  • Implemented Snapshot testing using Jest for React project along with Enzyme test utilities.  • Used NPM to manage application dependency, Webpack to build and bundle applications, Webpack to hot deploy applications.  • Worked in Agile Methodologies for incremental development to deliver better application.  • Developed native mobile app POC for ARWorks Portal using react native components and libraries.  • Utilized React Navigation for routing and passing data between screens.  • Utilized React native components like Images, height, width, text input, flex box for development of new feature.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, ES6, ReactJS, Redux, Sass, NodeJS, AJAX, Jest, Bootstrap, SVN, NPM, Jenkins, JIRA, Babel, Webpack, IBM Curam (server-side) based on Java and DB2 Database. Curam Developer Eligibility and Enrollment Framework (EEF) June 2017 to September 2017 Description:  Implement the Eligibility and Enrollment Framework (healthcare programs) of the State of Arkansas. This is done by writing customizations on top of the Curam core framework. Responsibilities include requirements analysis, design, implementation, testing and support of the application. Predominant languages used are java on the application side and xml on rules side.    Responsibilities:  • Work on social programs implementation using IBM Curam Business Application Suite (CBAS).  • Participate in Requirement Analysis, Design and Development.  • Worked on troubleshooting production issues and defects.  • Worked on EEF Citizen Portal UI, curam IEG script and Evidence customization.  • Created Curam wizard for case workers to add immigration supporting documents in Verify Lawful Presence (VLP) process in EEF.  • Developed VLP step 1 logic to verify client's immigration status against S.A.V.E (Systematic Alien Verification for Entitlements) system provided by DHS (Department of Homeland Security).  • Unit testing of development work. Front End Developer Peta Digit Inc February 2014 to July 2015 • Involved in Requirement gathering phase in order to gather the requirements from the business users and dealing with UX team to continuously accommodate changing user requirements.  • Developed the front end of the application using HTML5, DHTML, CSS3, SASS, JSP, and JavaScript.  • Applied advanced HTML, JavaScript, and CSS to deliver cutting-edge user interfaces and components.  • Created interactive websites and website features using JavaScript and JQuery/ JQuery UI.  • Used Angular.js and Node.js for developing single page web applications.  • Used Ext.js for building rich internet applications, backbone.js, &Require.js to optimize in-browser use and to load the module and to improve the Speed.  • Wrote Page level code using JavaScript with Angular.js framework along with JQUERY& other JavaScript libraries.  • Spearheaded adoption of Responsive Web design principles.  • Creating interactive prototypes using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript front end code from a combination of wireframes, visual designs, and design standards.  • Utilized Adobe Fireworks, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Dreamweaver and Illustrator for the front- end development such as graphics and multimedia.  • Converted existing websites to Responsive websites.  • Responsible for creating the screens with table-less designs meeting W3C standards.  • Wrote application level code to interact with the backend databases JQUERY, AJAX, and JSON.  • Used Dreamweaver, Photoshop, Flex for implementing application and designing graphics and images.  • Applied JQuery scripts for basic animation and end user screen customization purposes.  • Worked upon the dashboard for the project which contained a variety of charts and drag gable components using JQUERY UI Library.  • Used AJAX for asynchronously exchanging the small amount of data with the server behind the scenes and updating the JSP page.  • Used AJAX and JSON to make asynchronous calls to the project server to fetch data on the fly.  • Developed and deployed Action Classes and JSP for Dynamic HTML generation.  • Generated new and edited existing design with CSS to accommodate new changes in design and logic.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JQuery, AJAX, Responsive Web Design, Angular.js, Backbone JS, Node.JS, JQuery UI, Gulp, JSON, Protector, Dreamweaver, Photoshop, Flex, JavaScript, JSP, SASS, MVC. Front End Developer Peta Digit Inc - Hyderabad, Telangana November 2010 to July 2015 UI Developer Peta Digit Inc November 2011 to January 2014 • Used Responsive Web Design so that the website is compatible with different devices like desktops, laptops, tablets and smart phones (HTML, CSS, and JavaScript).  • Worked on Bootstrap and Media Queries for Responsive Web Design.  • Used SASS Pre-processor for writing maintainable code.  • Extensively used CSS features like Basic, Pseudo Classes, CSS3 Media Queries and supporting cross browser compatibility using polyfills.  • Implemented data-binding using AngularJS for front- end development of a current web application.  • Extensive experience in AngularJS implementing MVC and concepts of two-way data binding.  • Using AngularJS factory and services for dependency injection to share data and common code functionality between multiple controllers.  • Developed reusable components using Custom Directives in AngularJS  • Developed applications using AngularJS Single page applications SPAs to improve page performance and minimize the changes on the page using ui-router.  • Used http in angular for consuming RESTful web services.  • Used $q as a promise library in working with $http in AngularJS.  • Used Grunt, webpack for build tool for configuring tasks.  • Used $resource and $promise to perform AJAX calls for creating interactive web pages on JSON response.  • Used Google Chrome for debugging the application using Chrome Developer toolbar.  • Followed Agile Scrum Software Development Methodology in the progress of the project.  • Used GIT as version control system.  • Extensively used NodeJS npm modules like grunt, bower.  • Project status tracking or stories and bugs using JIRA  Environment: HTML, CSS3, BootStrap, JavaScript, Angular JS 1.x, jQuery, AJAX, JSON, XML Education Master's Degree in Computer Science in Computer Science University of Michigan - Flint, MI 2017 Bachelor's in Information Technology K.S. Raju Institute of Technology and Sciences, JNTU 2011 Skills Svn, Windows 98, Mac, Mac os, Javascript, React, Nodejs, Node, Angular, AWS, Jquery, Angularjs Certifications/Licenses IBM Curam Certified Application Developer version-7 February 2018 to Present Driver's License Additional Information Operating systems Windows 98/2000/XP/Vista/7/8/10, MAC OS X  Version Controls SVN, GITHUB, GITLAB.