Front End Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End Developer - Cisco Inc san jose, ca • 6+ years' Experience in Requirement Gathering, Analysis, Design, Development, Testing and Deployment of an application.  • Strong experience in web technologies such as HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, Angular JS, Bootstrap, Knockout JS, Node JS.  • Expertise in developing various JavaScript frameworks like Angular.js Backbone.js, Node.js, React.js/Redux, Ext.JS, Responsive web design. (RWD).  • Extensive experience in various UI widgets using JavaScript libraries like AngularJS, Node js, Backbone.js etc.  • Experience in implementing Auto Complete/Auto Suggest functionality using jQuery, DHTML, Web API calls and JSON.  • Worked on ReactJS framework to develop interactive websites based on client needs.  • Experience in designing UI patterns and UI applications with the help of Adobe products like Adobe Dreamweaver CS3, Adobe Photoshop CS3/CS4, Adobe Fireworks CS3 and Adobe Illustrator CS3.  • Good understanding of Document Object Model (DOM) and DOM functions.  • Worked with Node js, Grunt, Gulp and Bower for setting up local server, running tasks and managing dependencies.  • Well experienced in debugging websites using Firebug, Fiddler, Browser Developer tools.  • Involved in every stage of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) that includes Requirement gathering, Analyzing, Designing, Coding, Testing & Production Support.  • Experience with User Acceptance Testing (UAT) and Accessibility Testing.  • Excellent experience in creating Dynamic Wireframes, HTML Wireframes, Dynamic Screenshots and Sitemaps.  • Experience on React js on the front end styled using SCSS.  • Developed React js applications by completing stories in timely manner while maintaining best practices outlined by the team lead.  • Experience in working with CSS preprocessor LESS/SASS.  • Involvement in using various IDE's, Visual Studio, Dreamweaver, Notepad++, eclipse, Adobe Photoshop, ATOM  • Developed various screens for the front end using React.js and used various predefined components from NPM (Node Package Manager) and Redux libraries  • Experience in resolving cross browser compatibility issues (IE 10, chrome, Firefox and Safari)  • Experience with working in JavaScript framework like j Query, Backbone and Angular.js  • Developed application using Node and React js for Asynchronous Module Definition (AMD) and Grunt as task manager.  • Good knowledge in Styling and coding of CMS themes, email templates and practical knowledge of SEO in web design and development.  • Worked on CSS Background, CSS Positioning, CSS Text, CSS Border, CSS Margin, CSS Padding, CSS Table, Pseudo Classes, Pseudo Elements and CSS Behaviors in CSS.  • Experience with Browser testing, knowledge of cross-browser/cross-platform compatibility.  • Passion for performance debugging and benchmarking and working with version control environment like Team foundation server, Git, Source tree.  • Expert code pixel perfect webpage from PSD, compatible with all major browsers and platforms.  • Experience in working with HTML Controls, User Controls, Master Pages and Themes.  • Experience in designing and presenting multiple concepts and iterations around user interaction models, workflows, wireframes, screen flows, mockups and prototypes.  • Experience in quality assurance and unit testing, acceptance testing, and integration testing.  • Strong perseverance and diligence towards attaining challenging goals and possess good communication skills and quick learning ability. Work Experience Front End Developer Cisco Inc - San Jose, CA December 2018 to Present Description: Cisco Systems, Inc. is an American multinational technology conglomerate headquartered in San Jose, California, in the center of Silicon Valley. Cisco develops, manufactures and sells networking hardware, telecommunications equipment and other high-technology services and products.[3] Through its numerous acquired subsidiaries, such as OpenDNS, WebEx, Jabber and Jasper, Cisco specializes into specific tech markets, such as Internet of Things (IoT), domain security and energy management.    Responsibilities:  • involved in the requirements creation design development and testing of business managementinsight (BMI)  • Responsible for creating efficient design and developing User Interaction screens using HTML, CSS3, JavaScript, Angular 6 and Node JS.  • Enhanced application performance by Angular 6 Component based development in view of future Angular framework transitions.  • Created dynamic Angular reactive forms, form controls and implemented form validations.  • Worked on GIT as a version control. Utilized NPM scripts for build and test environments in a Node.js application.  • Designed and developed the application using Agile Scrum methodology by breaking down the project to several sprints.  • Experienced in writing Components, Pipes and Services to separate concern and handle different situations by using Angular.  • Implemented Angular Router to enable navigation from one view to the next as customer performs application tasks.  • create a wire frames or UI Mockups based on the requirements from the stockholders by Adhering to the cisco userexperience (UX) guidelines.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, TypeScript, Bootstrap, jQuery, Angular 6, Node.js, Jasmine, JSON, REST APIs, JIRA, Agile scrum, Accessibility, GIT, VS Code. Front End Developer Cisco Inc December 2018 to Present Front End Developer Anthem - Mason, OH September 2017 to November 2018 Description:Anthem is a payer in health care world and one of the largest health benefits companies in the United States. Through its affiliated health plans, Anthem companies deliver a number of leading health benefit solutions through a broad portfolio of integrated health care plans and related services, along with a wide range of specialty products such as life and disability insurance benefits, dental, vision, behavioral health benefit services, as well as long term care insurance and flexible spending accounts.    Responsibilities:  • Hired the DPOD-UI Team to develop and maintain the Data Protection on Demand (DPOD-UI) application.  • Developed a pixel perfect UI App using React + Redux.  • Components allow us to create and build highly reusable code.  • Construct a powerful and modern frontend architecture, involving React, Redux (State management by using data store object) and ES2015/ES6.  • Developed user interface by using the ReactJS, Flux for SPA development.  • Implemented client-side Interface using ReactJS.  • Made use of react component life cycle methods like Component Did Mount and Component Will Mount and conditionally rendered different components depending upon the props values of the component.  • Created multiple components in React keeping reusability across multiple mini projects in mind to avoid rework to meet tight deadlines.  • Made use of redux saga middleware to access redux application state and dispatched redux actions.  • Node-powered workflow and build system involving gulp, webpack, PostCSS, and other tools.  • Systematic, scalable, and auto-enforced CSS methodology; keyboard-friendly and fully accessible interfaces and complex configuration and theming capabilities.  • Traspiling ES6 features using Babel as most modern browsers do not support ES6 features yet. Mostly used features include import/export; let const, class and arrow functions.  • Webpack plugin to perform various tasks that build our application.  • Yarn package manager for fast, reliable and secure dependency management (yarn addresses the problems faced by npm like installing packages would be faster/more consistent, few security concerns faced by npm are resolved well by yarn).  • Involved in Project Code Debugging and testing and resolving the JIRA bugs assigned.  • Used JIRA for tracking the bugs and issues.  • Used Jenkins tools for Continuous Integration (CI) & Continuous Deployment (CD).  • Developing Interactive Prototypes from Photoshop designs using HTML5, CSS3, LESS, JQuery, JavaScript, Bootstrap&Media Queries.  • Integrated front- end with the back- end micro services which enabled to work in the dynamic environment setup  • Expert at creating functional specifications with visual design mockups in Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator and Adobe Flash.  • Modularized front- end CSS and JS code with Saas and Gulp.  • Manipulated data using CRUD (create, read, update and delete) operations of MongoDB database management system and handled database access and data transmission based on RESTful web service.  • Worked closely with the User Experience (UX) team in determining the Content and Wireframes.  • Hands on experience in writing light weight Node.js express server, and using technologies like Ajax, JavaScript/jQuery, JSON to make connections between server and databases like MongoDB and MySQL.  • Used Jasmine for Unit testing each Component and used Karma for processing the testing procedure.  • Angular UI Router Framework to update the browser URL as user navigates across the app  • Developing various Components using Angular 1.5's new Component API for our Web app, which serve as a plugin that can integrated into various parts of our application.  • Developed the Cross- browser compatible and standard compliant applications  • Involved in Agile methodology sprint planning for software development    Environment: React, REDUX, ES6, AngularJS, Angular 1.5, Babel, Webpack, Yarn, HTML5, Jasmine/Karma, Protractor, JIRA, CSS3, Cloud Foundry, micro services, RestFul API Services, MongoDB, AJAX, JSON, Visual Studio IDE, Zeplin, Node.js, Gitlab. Front End Developer Charter Communications - Centennial, CO October 2016 to August 2017 Description: Charter Communications, Inc. is an American telecommunications company that offers its services to consumers and businesses under the branding of Spectrum. It is the second-largest cable operator in the United States.    Responsibilities:  • Responsible for creating efficient design and developing User Interaction Responsive web pages using HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, Javascript, Jquery, Ajax and JSON.  • Created Responsive web pages with Bootstrapand created a CSS theme from this framework.  • Used different BOOTSTRAP JavaScript features like Tabs, Scrollspy, Modals and Carousels.  • Experience with Javascript, Jqueryand Ajax in client-side development, performed client-side validations, DOM & BOM Manipulations, working with data in JSON, integration with java JSP Pages.  • Capable of writing AJAX requests to backend service calls and integrating the front- end web pages to MVC architecture with Spring framework used in this project.  • Used JSON and Jquery, populated static data into web pages to make them as functional web pages.  • Involved in Usability Testing with UXDesigners and tested how the application is easy and interactive to the end users.  • Used new API's of HTML5 like session storage and local storage for the usability testing to make HTML5 working prototypes and presented to end users to know their usability.  • Involved working with UX Designers and helped them in developing some efficient designs through card sorting techniques.  • Used Angular JS in developing web applications, developed single page application using this JavaScript MVC framework Angular JS.  • Integrated Angular JS with Bootstrap for creating a Responsive Single Page Applications using Angular Route.  • Created Dynamic Bootstrap tabs using ANGULAR JS to present the different data into the different tab content.  • Used Angular JS and consumed Restful Web Services and which are created out of PHP framework Laravel.  • Developed Controllers and Services to bind the JSON data to the UI using different Directives.  • Created Custom Directives and Custom Filtersand used in the data manipulation in the HTML layout.  • Created Services, Factory and used Built-In SERVICES in ANGULAR JS to organize and share data and functions across the application.  • Used High Charts JavaScript framework and integrated it with Angular JS to present the JSON data in charts.  • Certified as SAFE scaled Agile Framework Practitioner and used this approach in this application development.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, Javascript, Jquery, AJAX, JSON, Angular JS, High charts, PHP, Laravel, GIT, ADOBE Dreamweaver NOTEPAD++, SOAP UI, MS Office, Apache. Web UI Developer Best Buy - Richfield, MN April 2013 to July 2015 Description: Best Buy is the world's largest multi-channel consumer electronics retailer with stores in the United States, Canada, China, and Mexico. Best Buy has the number one customer loyalty program of its kind and more than 1.6 billion visitors to our websites. During my time at Best Buy, I worked on several Best Buy public applications as well as customer relationship managements apps such as call center applications. Our team also worked on best buy kiosk.    Responsibilities:  • Worked in a team, involved in developing the UI, layout and front- end programming for web application that matches requirements of Client  • Developed GUI using JavaScript, HTML5, DOM, AJAX, CSS3 and JQuery, JQuery UI, JQuery Mobile in ongoing projects.  • Used Twitter BootStrap and Media Queries to create Responsive Web Design.  • Created & worked on AngularJS modules, controllers, services & filters  • Working with CSS3 pre-processors such as SASS, less.  • Worked on Omniture Link tracking, used for capturing user action. The link tracking code is use for tracking links, images, form fields and other page elements.  • Worked on AngularJS to create a Single Page Application (SPA), which can bind data to specific views and synchronize data with server.  • Involved in complete SDLC - Requirement Analysis, Development, System and Integration Testing.  • Used Web Developer tools, Firebug, and IEdeveloper toolbar for debugging and to check the browser compatibility and Responsible in implementing CRUD operation using grid with JSON restful services  • Configured Webpack to execute linters, magnifiers, pre/post-processors, tests, transpires, etc. based on build target  • Angular nvd3 reusable directive for displaying D3 charts on Dashboard of B2B Connect  • Developed mockups and prototypes using VISIO  • Created paper prototypes, initial wireframes and designed a strategy by collaborating with the designers  • Responsible in transforming the wireframes and mockups to develop web pages  • Handling cross browser/platform compatibility issues (IE, Firefox, and Safari) on both windows/Mac.  • Managed application state using server and client-based State Management options.  • Coded Java Script for page functionality and Light box plug-in using JQUERY.    Environment: HTML, CSS, HTML5, CSS3, Java Script, JQuery, Bootstrap, Angular JS, TypeScript, AJAX, Tomcat Apache, Java Server Page, Usability Testing, Webpack, Agile methodology, Sublime. UI Developer Zensar Technologies - Hyderabad, Telangana January 2012 to March 2013 Description: ICICI Bank is India's second largest bank with total assets of about US $38.5 billion. It provides all kinds of finance needs from securities to auto finance, banking, corporate and retail. CMD Issue Collection Application was developed for Collection of Application money in respect of IPO/Bonds/Debt instruments by Capital Market Division (CMD) branch and other identified branches of ICICI Bank Ltd. The software application facilitated data entry for generating various Reports.    Responsibilities:  • Gathered and analyzed all necessary requirements by involving in discussion sessions.  • Co-ordinate with BA group for better understanding of functional requirements, Analyze and Design the business requirements to document and implement.  • Design and development of web pages using PHP, HTML, CSS including Ajax controls and XML.  • Involved in writing the properties, methods in the Class Modules and developed web services using HTTP.  • Played a vital role in defining, implementing and enforcing quality practices in the team organization to ensure internal controls, quality and compliance policies and standards.  • Used JS for custom client-side validation and DOM manipulations.  • Worked with View State to maintain data between the pages of the application.  • Successfully wrote and implemented SQL Queries, Stored procedures and Triggers in SQL SERVER.  • Analyzed and created Stored Procedures, Functions, Triggers and Packages.  • Created required Views, Indexes and Clusters.  • Created database triggers to implement business rules and writing stored procedures.  • Created packages to do complex aggregations on large volume of data and loaded the aggregated data into reporting tables in data marts.  • Wrote UNIX Korn shell scripts to automate the batch process.  • Created migration document and supported the migration of packages and objects to production environment.    Environment: PHP, AJAX, HTML, CSS, MySQL, HTML, JAVASCRIPT and WINDOWS XP Education Bachelor's in Computer' in Computer's ANU University Masters in Computer Science in Computer Science Silicon Valley University Skills Angular6, HTML5, CSS3, TypeScript, Bootstrap, jQuery, Angular 6, Node.js, Jasmine, JSON, REST APIs, JIRA, Agile scrum, Accessibility, GIT, VS Code