Front End Developer/React JS Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span>/React JS <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End Developer/React JS Developer - Visa Austin, TX • Around 10 years of professional experience in developing and designing User Interface for web applications with deep insight using HTML 4/5, CSS2/3,Bootstrap,JavaScript, AngularJS1.x, Angular 2/4, ReactJS,jQuery, AJAX,JSON, NodeJS.  • Excellent knowledge in CSS with preprocessors like LESS and SASS.  • Experience in creating web applications using Angular 1.x/2.0 and ReactJS.  • Developed web applications like message posting and auto complete form valuations using JSON, AJAX, and DOM scripting.  • Developed Responsive web design(RWD) using Media Queries and Bootstrap.  • Expertise in JavaScript coding and developed various Client-side validation libraries usingJavaScript.  • Expert in working with JavaScriptframeworks and libraries like AngularJS, ReactJS,NodeJS, jQuery, JSON, AJAX andRestful services.  • Experience in using variousjQuerycontrols and corresponding Event handlers etc.  • Good experience in JavaScript MVC framework like AngularJS.  • Extensive experience in developing single-page applications using JavaScript frameworks like AngularJS and Bootstrap.  • Strong experience in using React JS along with Redux and Flux for creating reusable UI components.  • Experience in NodeJS modules like grunt, bowerto integrate with designs and requirements  • Used Webpack for client-side and server-side development with NodeJS.  • Created a dashboard using Bootstrap 3.0., UsedD3.js for charting,jQuery and JavaScript for creating view models.  • Expertise in Client Side designing and validations using HTML, DHTML and Java Script.  • Excellent skills in creating and accessing various databases using MongoDB.  • Pleasant experience working in health care, media, commercial and broadcasting domains.  • Expert-level knowledge of cross-browser, cross-platform compatibility and design constraints and Google analytics.  • Used Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment tools such as Jenkins.  • knowledge on configuring, deploying and automating instances on cloud environments like AWS.  • Implemented test driven development using Testing tools like Grunt/Gulp.  • Used GIT, SVN for Version controlling, error reporting and project management tools JIRA.  • Worked on Unit test by Test-Driven Development (TDD), writing test cases using Jasmine, QUnit, Karma, Mocha ,Chai and Protractor for E2E testing.  • Experience on working with CSS Backgrounds, CSS Layouts, CSS Positioning, CSS Animations, CSS Text, CSS Borders, CSS Margin, CSS Padding, CSS Table, Pseudo Classes and Pseudo Elements.  • Strong Experience in dealing with CSS Animations, Backgrounds, Layouts, Positioning, Text, Border, Padding and CSS Box Model.  • Implemented Ecommerce digital transformation for client teams to innovative solutions.  • Dedicated team Player with excellent, communication and Interpersonal skills.  • Experience in complete software SDLC which includes requirement gathering, coding, design, analysis, testingusing Agileinvolved in daily SCRUM meetings and Sprint cycles. Work Experience Front End Developer/React JS Developer Visa - Austin, TX May 2018 to Present Responsibilities:  ? Design, develop and test HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, Typescript, jQuery and React.JS thatmeets accessibility and web browser standards for website.  ? Designed CSS templates for use in all pages on the website working with CSS Background, positioning, text, border, margin, padding, and table.  ? Developed user interface by using the React JS, Flux for SPA development.  ? Implemented react JS code to handle cross browser compatibility issues in Mozilla, IE 7, 8, 9, Safari and FF.  ? Used React-Router to turn application into Single Page Application  ? Worked in using React JS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, Animations and Flux concept.  ? Used Web services (SOAP and RESTful) for transmission of large blocks of XML/JSON.  ? Maintained states in the stores and dispatched the actions using redux.  ? Implemented the Drag and Drop functionality using React-Dnd.  ? Component for UX-Library consisted of Button, Checkbox, Input, Icons, Toggle Button, Dropdown, Multi-Level Dropdown and many more.  ? In Phase Two, worked closely with the Back- End team to display data using the Custom Components, library Components, and Redux.  ? Used Middleware, Node js in application to retrieve data from Back- End and to also perform RESTFUL services.  ? Added Dynamic Functionality by creating and dispatching Action Creators that deployed Actions.  ? Created and used Reducers that received said Actions to modify the Store State Tree.  ? Worked with backend engineers to optimize existing API calls to create efficiencies by deprecating unneeded API calls.  ? Called the Restful web services calls for POST, PUT, DELETE and GET methods.  ? Used React flux to polish the data and for single directional flow.  ? Used Object Oriented Programming concepts to develop UI components that could be reused across the Web Application.  ? Extensively used Git for version controlling and regularly pushed the code to GitHub and was responsible to resolve the code conflicts.  ? Used ASANA as the bug tracking system to track and maintain the history of bugs/issues on everyday basis.  ? Monitoring the Teamwork and providing technical help to the team for their ASANA tickets.  ? Interacted with Testing Team, Scrum Masters and Business Analysts for fixing of Issues.  ? Performed the System Testing, Regression Testing for Complete UI after fixing the Issues which are reported by Testing Team.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, TypeScript, jQuery, Bootstrap, SASS, React JS, Redux, Flex Node JS, JSP, Web-Pack, GitHub, Karma, Jasmine, Agile Front End Developer Credit Suisse - Morrisville, NC November 2016 to April 2018 Responsibilities:    • Built Web pages that are more user-interactive using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, NodeJS,Angular 2 and Angular 4/5.  • Responsible in transforming the wireframes and mockups to develop web pages.  • Designed and Developed User Interactive single page web applications (SPA) using Angular5.  • Built Web pages that are more user-interactive using HTML5, CSS preprocessors like LESS,JavaScript, React JS, React-ReduxandRedux- Saga.  • Implemented Angular features like components, directives, pipes, services and adopted new features from Angular 5 in our application.  • Created rich web UIs that merge with back- end components using JavaScript and Angular 5 in conjunction with HTML5 & CSS3 and Used Material Design library for Rich UI/UX designs.  • Extensive use of reusable components and containers inside React-Redux application.    • For the data communication between various components used Input, output, directives and shared services.  • For the better user navigation between the components used routing feature using router module.  • Implemented Template Driven Forms and Model Driven Forms including Form controls and custom form validations in the application.  • Created Custom Directive for Typeahead search facility using RXJS and Angular which can be attached in any input field.  • Used open source library like Angular material to create customized components.  • Used NgRx store to setup an immutable data structure and makes consistent applications on top of Angular.  • Implemented the Lazy Loading of the modules to optimize the overall application speed.  • Implemented TDD (Test Driven Development) approach by using testing tools such as Jasmine, Karma.  • Well experienced in checking cross-browser compatibility for different versions of IE, chrome, Firefox, Safari.  • Used component-based architecture to develop reusable Angular components.  • Used Bootstrap 4 to style the web pages and make the application responsive.  • Used CSS SASS preprocessor and created various mixins, variables, custom fonts and directives.  • Used GIT for version controlling systems.  • Worked in Agile methodology, two weeks Sprint and daily Scrums to discuss the development of the application to deliver in time.    Environment:HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, Web services, Angular 4/5, D3.js, JavaScript, JSON, Git, Karma, Jasmine, Jira, Node.js, NPM Front End Developer TransAmerica - Rapids, IA, US January 2015 to October 2016 Responsibilities:  ? Involved in fixing bugs in existing components and making them uniform in all browsers.  ? Using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript and jQueryimplement Look and feel of various components.  ? Developed a secured Login Authentication using AngularJSRegular Expressions, Express-Session, JSON Web Tokens.  ? Built the reusable service components using Angular JS services with Object Oriented JavaScript, HTML5,CSS3 based on the visual designs.  ? Have extensive debugging and bug and issues fixing experience in React JS application  ? Utilized ng-react module to bind React Components to Angular Directives.  ? Used http with AngularJSinterceptors to make sure the requests were valid and used ui-router to handle nested views and avoid page redirection.  ? Effective use of CSS3 features, such as creating multiple column, borders and background, etc. and used SASS Preprocessor.  ? Expertise in using Node Packaged Modules (NPM) and Bower.  ? Used Data Tables, a table plugin for jQuery, to display the data in tables along with pagination.  ? Used tools like Grunt, Gulp and Webpack as task runners and orchestrators for the build process.  ? Used NodeJS to run Grunt tasks and build properly the project (compile, minify, concat etc.)  ? Implement modules into Node JS to integrate with designs and requirements.  ? Built backend REST API with NodeJS.  ? Used Dependency Injection (DI) from AngularJS factories and services  ? Developed test cases for TDD in QUnit, Karma and Jasmine.  ? Interacted with the back- end staff and scrum master at the daily meeting for new features in this web app using Agile software development methodology.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Angular JS 1.x, Node JS, Web-Pack, Jasmine, Karma, Grunt, web storm Frontend Developer Traveltek Group Ltd - Hyderabad, Telangana January 2013 to December 2014 Responsibilities:  ? Translate designs provides by UI creative design team into functional user interfaces, ensuring cross browser compatibility and performance.  ? Designed and developed user friendly interface by using JavaScript, HTML, CSS, jQuery  ? Designed flash plugins for including different functionalities and content.  ? Worked on integratingjQuery APIs with MVC pattern.  ? Used AJAX frameworks like jQuery, JSON to develop rich GUIs and involved in performance tuning the website.  ? Involved in bug fixing on functionality, performance and designing issues with JavaScript and jQuery.  ? Implemented React JS code to handle cross browser compatibility issues in Mozilla, IE 7, 8, 9,Safari and FF  ? Involved in debugging HTML, CSS and JS code using tools such as Chrome Inspector, and Firefox Firebug.  ? Handled browser compatibility issues in browser such as IE, Firefox, and Chrome.  ? Used Grunt with Grunt file to minify the JS file in whole application.  ? Prepared Unit and System Testing Specification documents and performed Unit and System testing of the application.  ? Reviewed the code for ensuring adherence to Java coding standards.  ? Developing XML classes for loading the data from XML files deployed at the server.  ? Worked with Jasmine in testing and performed Unit testing and execution testing utilizing JUNIT.  ? Developed UI pages using media queries and made completely responsive.  ? Reviewed the code foe ensuring adherence to Java coding standards.  ? Worked with the team of architects and back- end developers to gather requirements and enhance the application functionality and add new features.    Environment: JavaScript, HTML, CSS, AJAX, jQuery, Jasmine, Grunt, Unit testing, GIT, JUnit Web Developer I Labs - Hyderabad, Telangana June 2010 to December 2012 Responsibilities:  ? Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:  ? Create in-house web and mobile applications.  ? Design mockups and wireframes.  ? Bug fix, QA, problem solve.  ? Maintain, update, and improve existing company websites.  ? Implement websites, landing pages, and applications from concept through deployment, with a responsive, mobile-first approach.  ? Working closely with other team members in the development team.  ? Perform code reviews.  ? Mentor junior developers.  ? Built rich prototypes for designing and developing dynamic web pages using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScriptand jQuery, Ajax, JSON, and Bootstrap.  ? Used HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Ajax, JSON, and Bootstrap extensively for redesigning the internal web pages and applications.  ? Created Pseudo elements and CSS3 Border, CSS3 Background, CSS3 Transitions.  ? Worked with jQueryFusion Charts for generating reports.  ? Extensively used CSS to change the styles to be used in future web layouts and debugging the errors issues with CSS.  ? Maintain the code base by frequent updates to revision using GIT version control system.  ? Performed cross browser compatibility check and thoroughly performed unit testing using Karma and Jasmine.  ? Developed test cases for TDD in QUnit, Karma and Jasmine.  ? Involved in various phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) using Agile Methodology.    Environment: JavaScript, JQuery, HTML5, CSS3, Ajax, JSON, JQuery Fusion Charts, Bootstrap, Jasmine, Karma, Web Service, Grunt, Agile Education Bachelor's Skills VISUAL STUDIO, Git, JAVASCRIPT, BOOTSTRAP, D3.JS