Angular Node Postgre Developer Angular Node Postgre <span class="hl">Developer</span> UI Front End Developer Atlanta, GA • Extensive development experience with HTML/ HTML5, DOM, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript, Angular 2-5, Typescript, jQuery, AJAX and JSON. Agile methodology, get-hub experience. Node.js, Express.js, MongoDB, Restful Api.  • Hands-on experience of Model-View-Controller (MVC) pattern in designing and developing modern Single Page Application (SPA) in Angular.js.  • Responsible for initiating, planning, construction, execution, monitoring and controlling Web applications.  • Developed user interface by using the Angular 2-5, Node.js development and used Angular 2-5 for Single Page Application (SPA) development.  • Outstanding skill in Twitter Bootstrap framework and building responsive website for the mainstream browser, such as chrome, safari, IE, Firefox and portable devices.  • Profound Knowledge in Document Object Model (DOM).  • Updated web services and converted AJAX web applications over to Websockets.  • Working with ECMA Script 6 features. Used Babel, Webpack with es2015 in Angular 2 presets.  • Strong Experience in dealing with CSS Animations, Backgrounds, Layouts, Positioning, Text, Border, Padding, CSS Box Model and Bootstrap frameworks like LESS and SASS.  • Developed in integrating jQuery plug-ins and Widgets into the project.  • Excellent experience in developing web pages complying with Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) and ability to apply W3C web standards.  • Responsible for Checking Cross Browser Compatibility of different elements and tags, hence worked on different browsers like Internet Explorer, Google Chrome, Firefox, Opera, Safari.  • Worked on web debugging tools (Firebug, Fiddler debugging tool).  • Worked with REST API's to get JSON data and display using JavaScript Objects.  • Knowledge of MVC Architecture and also in using version controls like GIT and SVN.  • Used Node Package Manager (NPM) to install the necessaries packages.  • Used popular Node framework to express to mock a Restful API.  • Expert with task-based command line build tool like Grunt and task/build runner for development Gulp.  • Interacted with users and Business in resolving technical issues pertaining to the applications.  • Highly motivated, reliable analytical problem solver and troubleshooter with strong attention to detail.  • Adapt to new, evolving technologies and implement them in current projects. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Angular Node Postgre Developer Lilly Corporation - Indianapolis, IN January 2018 to Present Description: Lilly Corporation is a medical research company that creates medicines that improve the quality of life. In business since 1876, Lilly has created a number of medications in the areas of Neuroscience, Cardiovascular, Diabetes, and Bone Muscle Joint sciences that have been very successful.    Responsibilities:  • Designed new functionality for the DaVinci Project. I work on the Front end using Angular 5, Agile mythology, Node.js, Express.js, PostgreSQL Restful Api. and JavaScript. I implement various scientific models that are used in medical research and evaluation, creating a Angular / Node / ProstreSQL environment to facilitate the Lilly research.  • Created a custom, responsive single page web application web application using Angular 5, Node.js and Postgres.  • Performed client-side validations using JavaScript.  • Used JIRA to keep track of outstanding bugs to reduce downtime, increase productivity, and improve communication.  • Used JSON for data exchange between client and server.  Environment: HTML 4/5, CSS 2/3, JavaScript, AngularJS, Bootstrap, Backbone.JS, Front End Developer /UI Developer Ameriprise Financial September 2017 to December 2017 Description: Ameriprise Financial is an investment company that provides clients with financial planning with such products as, wealth management, asset management, insurance, annuities and estate planning. My role was to be involved in the updating and refactoring of existing systems, as well as the designing and implementing of new functionality.    Responsibilities:  • Designed new functionality for the investment teams. Worked on Front end using Angularjs, Angular 2-5, React JS, Agile mythology, git-hub experience, Node.js, Express.js, MongoDB, Restful Api. and JavaScript.  • Created a custom, responsive single page web application to replace a legacy line-of-business web application using Angular 4 & Mean Stack.  • Performed client-side validations using JavaScript.  • Worked on integrating jQuery API's with MVC pattern.  • Enhanced an existing Angular JS application to follow strict MVC pattern.  • Used JIRA to keep track of outstanding bugs to reduce downtime, increase productivity, and improve communication.  • Used JSON for data exchange between client and server.  Environment: HTML 4/5, CSS 2/3, JavaScript, AngularJS, Bootstrap, Backbone.JS, Front End Developer/ (UI Developer) Liberty Mutual Insurance, MA August 2016 to August 2017 Description: Roles included building out new public facing home page for liberty mutual, implement 2 way data binding when claims were received, and provide a more organized and scalable management system to handle new / old clients.  Responsibilities:  • Handled all the client-side validations, slide show, hide and show controls, dropdown menus and tab navigation using Angular and jQuery.  • Designed the Web application layout and forms using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.  • Created modular CSS using LESS for reusability and easy to read code.  • Responsible for transforming design mock-ups to W3C standards compliant HTML pages using HTML, CSS and Bootstrap.  • Implemented various screens for the front end using React.js and used various predefined components from NPM (Node Package Manager) and redux library.  • Worked on Websockets for immediate updating of candidate information.  • Worked in using React.js components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router and Flux concept.  • Used Angular directives, working on attribute level, element level and class level directives.  • Used http with Angular interceptors to make sure the requests were valid and used UI-router to handle nested views and avoid page redirection.  • Used Angular4 as framework to create a Single Page Application (SPA) which can bind data to specific views and synchronize data with server.  • Enhanced an existing Angular JS application to follow strict MVC pattern.  • Ported and redesigned the Lead management system using Angular frameworks implementing modular design.  • Created TypeScript reusable components and services to consume REST API's using Component based architecture provided by Angular4.  • Developed reusable components with Angular4 custom directives.  • Used Dependency Injection from Angular factories and services.  • Performed unit test using Karma and Jasmine.  • Used the Node.js and Require.js MVC Frameworks in the development of the web applications.  • Implemented a Node.js server to manage authentication.  • Performed client-side validations using JavaScript.  Environment: HTML 4/5, CSS 2/3, JavaScript, JQuery, Angular(2 / 4), Node.JS, Bootstrap, Backbone.JS, AJAX, JSON, JSON, LESS, SASS, WCAG, Websockets, RESTful, MongoDB, Eclipse, Grunt, Gulp, Bower, and GIT. UI Developer AT&T Inc, Texas April 2015 to July 2016 Description: AT&T Inc. is an American multinational telecommunications corporation. AT&T is the largest provider of mobile Telephone and the largest provider of fixed telephone in the United States, and provides broadband subscription Television services. My role was to design, model, create, and implement a variety of applications across AT&T's systems.    Responsibilities:  • Responsible for design and development of the web pages from mock- ups (PSD).  • Daily programming in server side by using Angular, React, Node.JS and ExpressJS.  • Worked on Front end by using AngularJs, React JS and JavaScript.  • Worked the backend by using Node js, Express JS, PostgreSQL, SQL and MongoDB.  • Extensive use of Angular.js for developing the SPAs (Single Page Applications) for internal application/tool. Developed multiple POCs to create a user interface in Angular JS.  • Worked on Angular JS directives, Controllers, Filters, Services, Templets, Events and Injectors.  • Developed Web API using Node JS and hosted on multiple load balanced API instances.  • Worked the backend by using Node JS, Express and Mongo DB.  • Have created the angular custom directives, Filters and Services.  • Extensive knowledge of and use of Angular.js directives to bring additional functionality to HTML.  • Worked in using ReactJS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, Animations and Flux concept.  • Implemented Routers & History in Single Page App (SPA).  • Developed client side drop down menus, search bars, carousel, and drop-down toggles using Twitter-Bootstrap. Responsible for creating RESTFUL Web using Node.js & Express.js.  • Have worked on Big data (Splunk enterprise) to generate the Rest API and integrated that API to Client-side code using Node JS, Express JS.  • Used JSON for data exchange between client and server.  • Worked on integrating jQuery API's with MVC pattern.  • Used PostgreSQL for storing and retrieving JSON format data that need to be displayed on Google maps API. Good knowledge in AngularJS and Responsive Design.  • Performed unit testing using Jasmine and end to end testing using Protractor.  • Used the new tags from HTML5 like section, article, header, footer, canvas for animations.  • Good experience in JavaScript MVC framework like Angular JS, React JS.  • Experience in using React JS, Flux for SPA development. Implemented client-side Interface using React JS. Created Responsive Web Design using Bootstrap  • Used Node JS, Angular JS and Backbone JS MVC Frameworks in the development of the web applications. Utilize Jasmine, Karma, Gulp and NPM to build and test applications.  • Used Node.js as a proxy to interact with Rest services and interacting with Database.  • Involved in agile software methodologies using TEST DRIVEN DEVELOPMENT(TDD).  • Designed and developed CSS behaviors, CSS styles, CSS fonts, CSS buttons, Pseudo Classes, Pseudo elements in CSS  Environment: Angular.js, React.js, Node.JS, JavaScript, JQuery, Twitter Bootstrap, Ajax, HTML5, CSS3, SVN, Sublime, Maven, GIT, PostgreSQL, Mango DB, TDD, Jasmine, Karma, Gulp, Protractor. Front End Developer Argha Services, Inc November 2013 to March 2015 Description: Argha is a software company that provides a variety of services that include application development, data management, and quality assurance services. My role was to be involved in the development of applications with client's partners.  Responsibilities:  • Created and deployed new features to sustain and amend existing applications under MVC pattern using Node.JS, Angular, Bootstrap and Express.  • Developed the Front end by using Angular Js and JavaScript.  • Developed the backend by using Node JS, express and MongoDB.  • Developed cross-browser/platform HTML 4/5, CSS 3, and JavaScript to match design specs for complex page layouts while adhering to code standards.  • Developed client side drop down menus, search bars, carousel, and drop-down toggles using Twitter-Bootstrap and JQuery.  • Developed multiple POCs to create an interface between Backend to Frontend by using MongoDB, ExpressJS, AngularJs and Node.js.  • Worked with mongoose.js for database communication with MongoDB.  • Responsible for parsing JSON data to & from the server for presentation & storage purposes in the project. Responsible for creating RESTFUL Web Services to serve data to the front- end application in JSON format. Used Local Storage to store & retrieve insensitive user data during transition between the different pages. Developed client-side validation code using JavaScript and jQuery.  • Have worked on AWS to integrate the server side and client-side code.  • Responsible to for making the pages dynamic using AJAX, JSON and jQuery.  • Experience in RESTful web services to integrate between HRMS, Finance and MM.  • Handled the status of the project in a timely manner concisely  • Worked with JASMINE unit test framework to write unit tests for JavaScript code.  • Involved in complete SDLC - Requirement Analysis, Development, System and Integration Testing.  • Handled cross browser/platform compatibility issues (IE, Firefox, and Safari) on both Windows.  • Used JIRA to keep track of outstanding bugs to reduce downtime, increase productivity, and improve communication.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, MongoDB, ExpressJS, AngularJS, Node.js, JQuery, Handlebars, Backbone JS, RWD, Eclipse, WebMatrix, JSP, Adobe Photoshop, MS Office, and HP Quality Center. Front End Developer TD Bank Mount Laurel - Mount Laurel, NJ December 2012 to October 2013 Description: TD bank is one of the 10 largest banks in US. The purpose of this project was to design a web application that allows customers to register to their online account and manage their credit cards, Current and Savings account and Loan information. It also helps users to transfer money and pay their bills online.  Responsibilities:  • Created a custom, responsive web application to replace a legacy line-of-business web application using Angular JS.  • Web design and development, application development using Photoshop, HTML, JavaScript.  • Designed dynamic and multi-browser compatible pages using HTML, CSS, Angular.js & JavaScript.  • Developer responsive interface using Bootstrap and used SASS for CSS.  • Developing and designing SPA user interfaces in Angular.js.  • Worked on Front end by using AngularJs , React JS & JavaScript.  • Responsible for creating the screens with table-less designs meeting W3C standards  • Applied jQuery scripts for basic animation and end user screen customization purposes.  • Developed multiple POCs to create an interface between Backend to Frontend by using MongoDB, ExpressJS, AngularJs & Node.js.  • Responsible for front- end UI design using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, jQuery plugins  • Used AngularJS multiple in-built directives such as filters, root scope, child scope, modal, template, state etc  • Used Media Queries for the design to be compatible in all devices.  • Created Click-through rate (CTR) to find the ratio of users who click on a link to the number of total users who view a page  • Developed different jQuery component in MVC framework  • Used Node.js for server-side web applications for java script codes to build real-time web API's  • Used Dreamweaver as editor for designing new pages  • Implemented the Drag and Drop functionality using jQuery framework  • Defined new validations through AngularJS for the form field validation implemented through HTML5. Used grunt as task runner to test the JavaScript with JSHint  • Developed designs in securing the application using form-based authentication using HTML, XHTML, JavaScript, JQuery and CSS.  • Expertise in ReactJS framework and integrate them to Node Js server-side code.  • Worked in using ReactJS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, Animations and Flux concept. Used Angular.js for connecting the API's using Angular.js $http service  • Developed Date Time Picker using Object Oriented JavaScript extensively  • Worked on Cross-Browser Compatibility and tested each & Every web application on popular web browsers such as Internet Explorer, Firefox, Safari, Opera and Chrome.  • Used Media Queries to deal with different CSS related issues on different devices as well as website to make it compatible.    Environment: HTML 4.x, HTML, CSS2.x, CSS 3, JavaScript, Angular JS, jQuery, AJAX, JSON, XML, SVN. Front End Developer UNITED HEALTH CARE - Birmingham, AL May 2011 to November 2012 Description: Roles included testing out the new applications deployed across the systems, implement enhancements on deployed applications, give rich user interface activity, and provide responsive UI design.  Responsibilities:  • Communicate with the client to understand the requirement of the website, gained experience in project planning, involved in writing the Project Design Document and Project Plan Document  • Participated as a team member in designing the user interface using HTML and CSS to make the interface use-friendly, especially child-friendly  • Implemented user interface guidelines and standards throughout the development and maintenance of the website using JavaScript, JQuery, CSS and HTML.  • Hands on the process of development, testing and maintenance.  • Created and optimized graphic prototype websites and applications interfaces using HTML and CSS. Involved in write application level code to interact with APIs, Web Services using AJAX, JSON and XML.  • Implemented and designed user interface for web based customer application.  • Enhanced user experience by designing new web features using MVC Framework like Backbone.js.  • Developed customer facing software for managing advertisements to grow the business using Backbone.js, JavaScript/jQuery, HTML, CSS.  • Developed data formatted web applications and deploy the script using client-side scripting using JavaScript.  • Worked on Cross-Browser compatibility and fixed the bugs for several browsers.  • Worked extensively on Spring MVC framework to develop new internal web application.  • Enhanced and built reusable components across different modules using Custom directives and CSS classes.  • Created Responsive Designs (Mobile/Tablet/Desktop) using HTML & CSS, Bootstrap.  • Created Cross-browser compatible.    Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQUERY, AJAX, JSON, XML, ECLIPSE, SVN, Linux, MySQL. Education BS University of Alabama - Birmingham, AL MBA University of Phoenix - Atlanta, GA Skills BOOTSTRAP (7 years), CSS (7 years), HTML (7 years), JAVASCRIPT (7 years), JSON (7 years), SQL, XML, SQL Server, jQuery Certifications/Licenses Driver's License Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:    UI Web Technologies  HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, DOM, AJAX, JSON, Angular 4, React.js, Bootstrap, LESS, SASS, Websockets, Node.js and Express.js.    IDE, Editors  Notepad++, IntelliJ, WebStorm, Sublime, Adobe Dreamweaver, Aptana, Visual Studio, Microsoft FrontPage, Visual Studio Code, Brackets, WebStorm    Web/App Servers HTTP Web Server, Experience with Many Online Webhosting Platforms (Shared, Dedicated, VPS).  Database MySQL, Oracle, MS-Access, SQL 2000/2005, DB2, MongoDB.  Version Control Perforce and GIT Hub  Browser All (IE, Firefox, Opera, Chrome, Safari)