Front End/UI Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span>/UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End/UI Developer - OHL-Geodis, Nashville, TX Nashville, TN • 6 years of professional experience in Web Application Development including expertise in HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, React, Angular (2,4,7, 8), Typescript, RXJS.  • Proficiency in all phases of the end-to- end implementation project- requirements gathering, analysis and design, development, testing and debugging.  • Experience in Object Oriented Programming, architecting scalable platform.  • Worked in various software methodologies such as Waterfall, Agile, Scrum and Kanban.  • Worked with various JavaScript extensions and frameworks such as knockout, AngularJS, Angular 2, 4, 7, 8, Vue.js, Nodejs, and React and Redux.  • Experience with modern technologies like Service Workers, Web Pack, Web Components, PWA to make Offline application, development easy and faster.  • Worked on migration of AngularJS projects to Angular.  • Worked with Angular using latest features of lazy loading, AOT,code splitting, progressive web apps.  • Experienced in build Data Visualization and Geo-Clustering using D3.js and Echarts.  • Experience in design and development of responsive and rich UI using HTML, CSS, and Bootstrap.  • Strong in developing Responsive Web Design to target Tablets, Mobiles and desktops.  • Experience in developing pages that adapt to any browser including Android & iOS devices browsers.  • Proven track record in Graphic and User Experience Design and Transforming Web/Graphic Designers static prototypes into hand-coded HTML, specifically emphasizing accuracy and efficiency & adhering to W3C-established web standards with respect to maintaining cross-browser/cross-platform compatibility and delivering final templates, including optimized images.  • Skilled at analyzing and solving browser compatibility challenges and possesses ability to maintain  consistency and well commented HTML and CSS markup.  • Experience in designing web applications employing Search Engine Optimization (SEO) techniques and Search Engine Strategies (SES).  • Applied advanced HTML, JavaScript, and CSS to deliver cutting-edge user interfaces using material  design components in Angular JS  • Experience with Responsive Web Design and Bootstrap.  • Expert in creating Templates, Web Interfaces, Layouts, and Flow of Future Pages.  • High level of expertise in CSS pixel-level layout, Consistency with browsers, Version and Platforms.  • Extensive experience on implementing the AJAX features using JavaScript and jQuery.  • Worked with Ionic framework to develop cross platform apps.  • Experience in working with RESTful Web Services and implementing RESTful API's.  • Experience with browser testing, cross-browser compatibility, and cross-platform compatibility.  • Experience in debugging and troubleshooting the existing code. Figure out performance bottleneck with Dev tools by analyzing the code.  • Experience in using Photoshop, Adobe XD, Illustrator to design wire frames. Work Experience Front End/UI Developer OHL-Geodis, Nashville, TX August 2016 to Present Description: OHL (Ozburn-Hessey Logistics) acquired Geodis is one of the largest logistics company in the world, providing integrated global supply chain management solutions including transportation, warehousing, customs brokerage, freight forwarding, and import and export consulting services.    Responsibilities:  ? Convert the existing Web Synapse website to responsive and cross browser for all the screen resolutions which will be helpful for the employees in the warehouse to tracks the inbound outbound goods/ equipments, schedule the appointments, track the assets, manage the yards, from the apps we are developing.  ? Worked closely with cross-functional teams (QA, BA, PM, Product Owner) as a part of AGILE environment.    ? Developed the LESS, SASS, CSS based page layouts that are standard-compliant and present designs and concepts to the clients and the management to review.  ? Created the Mock ups based on the Client Requirements using Photoshop, GIMP2, Adobe XD.  ? Transformed design mockups from UX Design into semantic W3C standard HTML templates and CSS. Able to construct prototype experimental features quickly with functional HTML/CSS/JavaScript/J Query.  ? Wrote Page level code using JavaScript with Angular.js and Vue.js frameworks and Type Script using Angular 2,4,5, 7,8.  ? Worked Extensively with Angular CLI for creating components, Services, pipes, Directives.  ? Made the websites responsive with fluid grids, flexible images and media queries using HTML, CSS and JavaScript.  ? Used local Storage to achieve multiple tabs functionality.  ? Developed code to fetch data from back- end and populate on UI using AJAX and JSON.  ? Maintained and developed responsive web properties using CSS, JavaScript and HTML. The main goal was to create solutions that are device-agnostic which will allow page display to function perfectly on every resolution spectrum.  ? Developed an Angular JS Virtual keyboard to get keyboard functionality in the application for the kiosk user manual check-in and checkout an Asset.  ? Extensively worked on Adobe Photoshop and GIMP to design applications and icons.  ? Experience with various IDE's such as Visual Studio Code, Web Storm, Sublime and Notepad++.  ? Worked with GIT version control and created repositories, check-in, checkout the code regularly to avoid merge conflicts and to maintain consistency of the application.  ? Performed Code Reviews (manual) to implement performance and coding conventions guidelines.  ? Responsible for deployment of the Application in production and resolving any post-deployment issues.  ? Provided production support for application. Assisted users experiencing issues within these applications and fixed issues.  ? Communicate effectively with business groups to deliver required solutions.  ? Used TRELLO to keep track of bugs to reduce downtime, increase productivity, and Communication.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, AngularJS, Angular 2,4,8, Vue.js, Responsive Web Design, J Query UI, JSON, JavaScript, SASS, LESS, Agile methodology, GIT, JSP, JIRA, Trello. Front End/UI Developer AIMS - Dallas, TX June 2015 to September 2016 Description: AIMS is a nonprofit research organization which develops, administers, and interprets aptitude test samples and studies the scientific study of human behavior based on accurate measurements.  Responsibilities:  ? Developed an end to end offline computer-administered, computer scored and graded version of the aptitude testing application.  ? Cleaned up and rewrote front end HTML5, CSS3 and extensively used JavaScript and JQuery to meet the testing requirements.  ? Involved in Developing screens for Instructions, presenting of test items with audios, generating and storing of pertinent data, adding the test items and different formulas for computing scores.  ? Designed and built signup and login pages using HTML and JavaScript and used Parse to save user information in the back- end.  ? Used JQuery for basic animation and end user screen customization purposes.  ? Implemented a large part of the UI dynamic functionalities using CSS, jQuery, jQuery UI, Ajax, JSON, and XML.  ? Created JavaScript modules to be used with Bootstrap to speed up development.  ? Developed a PHP application that used a database connection coupled with dynamically created SQL statements to facilitate: list, edit, update, delete, search, and application administrative functions.  ? Installed and configured a PHP server to create a programming environment on a local development computer.  ? Wrote clean object-oriented PHP, as well as efficient SQL.  ? Used CSS pre-processors (LESS and SASS).  ? Normalized database tables and performed extensive query optimization.  ? Followed agile development and consistently delivered new features on time during sprints.  ? Communicated updates in daily scrum meetings using JIRA software.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, AngularJS, AJAX, Responsive Web Design, JQuery UI, JSON, JavaScript, SASS, LESS, PHP version 5.2.6., Agile methodology, GIT, JSP, Apache Tomcat, IntelliJ, Ant 1.8, Agile Scrum, JIRA Front End/UI Developer ZIO TEchonologies - Mumbai, Maharashtra June 2013 to July 2014 Responsibilities:    ? Used MODERNIZER to ensure CSS3 based web pages are cross-browser compatible.  ? Developed an Ajax Based UI component to check the current online users and also to send them an app request and periodically check an invite status.  ? Developed Ajax JavaScript function to call "send" button each time we press enter and to refresh the Ajax Data Grid every time.  ? Designed and developed the front end using HTML, HTML 5 and CSS 3.  ? Created CSS templates for use in all pages on the website.  ? Used Handlebar.js to create the reusable templates for various screens  ? Implementation of comps and wireframes using cross-browser compatible HTML 5 & CSS 3.  ? Feature development using JavaScript libraries, including jQuery.  ? Worked with Angular.js JavaScript framework.  ? Modified and implemented functionalities using Angular.js.  ? Created highly decoupled and distinct features as MODULES and loaded them on the application using Require.JS.  ? Created most commonly used custom JQuery plugins/components (form controls, notification icons/boxes) that could be reused across the application.  ? Responsible to ensure the application is performance-optimized and continuously investigate the performance using tools likes Firebug, YSlow and Fiddler.  ? Designed in a way to increase performance and functionalities using Web Standards.  ? Developed JavaScript and optimized existing scripts for efficiency and used JavaScript for forms validation and in DOM. Extensively worked with JavaScript cookies.  ? Designed graphics, buttons, logos and flash animation for the website.  ? Extensive use of Grid view control for displaying the data from tables in SQL Server 2005.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, JSP, Angular.JS, Handlebar, Require.JS, MODERNIZR, SASS, Firebug, YSlow, Fiddler, Eclipse, SVN, JIRA. Education Masters in Engineering in Engineering Wright State University - Dayton, OH 2014 to 2015 Bachelors in Computer Science in Computer Science JNTU - Hyderabad, Telangana 2009 to 2013 Skills C++, Git, Gui, Html, Javascript, Angular.js, Bootstrap, Node.js, Json, Subversion, Svn, Xml, Ajax, Css, Web design, Web services, Html5, Mvc, Sass, Soap Additional Information Technical Skills:    Programming Languages Java, JavaScript, J2EE, C, C++, SQL  Client Side Programming  HTML, HTML5, XML, CSS,CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, AJAX, DOM, GUI, Responsive Web design, JSON , Gulp ,Grunt , SASS ,LESS, Angular JS, Require JS, BackboneJS.    Server Side Programming  J2EE, Java EE 5, Servlets 2.1/2.2,JSP 2.0, JDBC 2.0/3.0, XML, XQuery, MVC, Spring MVC, Spring Web Flow, Spring IOC, Junit, Web services (Restful, SOAP)    IDE & Tools Web Storm, Sublime, IntelliJ, Notepad++, Eclipse, Ant , Maven, Developer Tools  Version Control Subversion, GIT, CVS, SVN  JavaScript Libraries JQuery UI, MEAN (Mongo.js, Express.js, Angular.js, Node.js), Bootstrap.js  Scaffolding tools and Testing frameworks Yeoman & Karma-Jasmine, J2EE, Spring, Work-flow, Hibernate  Wire Frame Tools CSS3,BootStrap CSS  Data Access MY SQL, Oracle 11g, Mongo DB  Operating Systems Windows XP/Vista/7/8/10, Mac.