FRONT END/UI DEVELOPER <span class="hl">FRONT</span> <span class="hl">END</span>/UI <span class="hl">DEVELOPER</span> FRONT END/UI DEVELOPER - ERCOT Austin, TX • Around 8 years of IT experience as a UI Developer in design, analysis and development of various enterprise and web based applications.  • Sound Understanding and good experience with Object Oriented Concepts, Object Oriented JavaScript, Object Oriented Design and Implementation.    • Experience in using various IDEs like WebStorm, Brackets, Atom, Visual Studio, Sublime text, Adobe Dreamweaver, Notepad ++ and Eclipse.  • Good knowledge in MVC architecture and understanding concepts on Model, View, controllers and usage of directives, custom directives and services.  • Expertise in designing rich user interface using HTML5, CSS3, SASS, LESS, Java Script, AJAX, jQuery, Node.JS, Angular.JS, React.js, Backbone.js and XML related technologies.  • Experience working with MEAN stack development environment.  • Working experience with Node environment using Node JS, NPM, Grunt JS, Bower.  • Experience in responsive web design (RWD), progressive enhancement, debugging tools, cross-browser development, Document Object Model (DOM) and accessibility.  • Experience in working with testing tools like Firebug, Firebug Lite, Chrome or Safari Web Inspectors and IE Developer Toolbar.  • Working experience on integrating back- end technologies with JavaScript and jQuery by using AJAX and JSON.  • Strong experience working with HTML, CSS, Type Script, JSON, XML to build fast performing applications.  • Experience in Ember.js which allows developers to create scalable single-page applications by incorporating practices into a framework that provides a rich object model.  • Comfortable using modern JavaScript libraries like jQuery, Yui, Dojo etc.  • Experience with Grunt and Gulp task runner which helps automate repetitive tasks.  • Having good experience in developing an enterprise MEAN Stack applications by writing server side code with Node.js and Express framework, a database to store and retrieve data with MongoDB and front- end web pages designing with ReactJS.  • Having good experience in implementing the Node.js server side code to interact with MongoDB to store and retrieve data by using the Mongoose drivers.  • Hands-on experience in working with applications using Java, J2EE, JDBC, Struts, Servlets, Spring, Hibernate, JSP, JSF and ASP.Net   • Extensively worked with business analysis and requirements in Agile Methodologies such as SCRUM, Test Driven Methodologies.  • Experience in designing web applications employing Search Engine Optimization (SEO) techniques and Search Engine Strategies (SES).  • Used jQuery and JavaScript for data manipulation, data traversing, form validations, create the content on the fly depending on the user request.  • Experienced in NoSQL database MongoDB and relational databases like MS-SQL and MySQL databases.  • Having Proficiency in writing SQL queries, stored procedures, functions, packages, tables, views using relational databases like MySQL and MSSQL Server.  • Experience in all phases of Software Development Life Cycle and Software Development methodologies like Agile, Waterfall etc.  • Involved in complete Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) of various projects, including requirement gathering, system designing, data modeling, application development that involves various stages in development, maintenance and support.  • Used JIRA in order to test and track the project status.  • Hands on Experience with Source code management tools like GitHub, SVN and Bit Bucket.  • Experience in testing tools like Mocha, Karma and Jasmine.  • Ability to understand project requirements and deliver it with proper quality.  • Great ability to write clear, maintainable, well-documented, well-commented and efficient code for web development. Excellent team player, flexible with positive attitude and excellent learning skills. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience FRONT END/UI DEVELOPER ERCOT - Austin, TX October 2017 to Present Responsibilities: • Analyzed business requirements, participated in technical design, development and testing of various modules assigned.  • Used the functionalities to write code in HTML5/HTML, CSS3/CSS, Angular.js, JavaScript, jQuery, Ajax, JSON, and Bootstrap with MySQL database as the backend.  • The project is built upon the Single Page Application (SPA) criteria.  • Developed Web application for backend system using Angular.js with cutting edge HTML5 and CSS3 techniques.  • For new website features wrote Angular.js controllers, views and services.  • Creating highly interactive & rich internal website with user friendly architecture using  Bootstrap and LESS.  • Involved in developing a new business application to the layout using Grid orientation model Bootstrap framework.  • Used Backbone.js and Require.js to create Views to hook up models to the DOM and synchronize data to/from server.  • Developed UI tests with Protractor and Java tests in JUnit.  • Designed Frontend with in object oriented JavaScript Framework like Node.js and Ext.js.  • Developed jQuery code using an XML Http Request Adapter to send an AJAX request to the server side code and also implemented a callback function to handle the results.  • Worked on prototypes for Responsive Web design.  • Implemented JavaScript source code and embedded nested handling logic using jQuery event handlers and call back functions.  • Developed the jQuery callback functions for implementing asynchronous communication using AJAX.  • Extensively used jQuery UI for screen design and development.  • Involved in Coding, styling, testing of reusable JavaScript, CSS3, HTML5 widgets/ libraries for complete UI controls.  • Used Grunt to automatically perform frequently used tasks such as minification, compilation, unit testing, linting, etc • Designed user friendly navigation for displaying various sections of data using jQuery.  • Created Dynamic Web Pages using Web Controls and developed forms using HTML5.  • Coded pages with best Search Engine Optimization (SEO) techniques.  • Styling pages using CSS3.0 and developed JavaScript for user interfaces.  • Used CSS Blueprint to create grids and adopt cross browser interactive features and to make the web pages more.  • Worked with GIT version control, Grunt build tool and the JIRA ticketing system.  • Implemented XML parsing code for different application.  • Developed server side REST style web services and called them from angular controllers.  • Frequently met with the project manager to review project goals and to create proposals for future developments, researching their fields for UI design.  • Worked with the team of architects and back- end Developers to gather requirements and enhance the application functionality and add new features.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, jQuery, Bootstrap, Angular.js, Require.js, Ext.js, Node.js, Backbone.js, Responsive Web Design, AJAX, jQuery UI, JavaScript, Dreamweaver, Photoshop, Flex, MVC, Rest Web Services, JSON, XML, SEO, MySQL Server, Eclipse and Windows. SR. FRONT- END DEVELOPER FIRST REPUBLIC BANK - San Francisco, CA October 2015 to September 2017 Responsibilities: • As a UI Developer, assisting my team in developing two different Web-based applications and managed in developing of Account landing page, Account summary/overview and Login page.  • Responsible for building a new website for the Small fleet clients and for the maintenance of Online New Platform.  • Functionalities include writing code in HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery and JSP making use of Bootstrap framework. My Specialty is large scale CSS, focusing on reusability and modularity.  • Involved in designing the user experience interface UI/UX strategy, UI requirements, converting findings into UI designs.  • Enhanced an existing AngularJS application to follow strict MVC patterns for improved source code maintenance which resulted in 40% code reduction, ease of upgrade, scalability, ease of developer spin up and enhanced performance.  • Worked on AngularJS modules, components, dependency injection etc.  • Successfully migrated from legacy third party applications (for windows, IPad, blackberry) to bank's applications using HTML5 to maintain a single UI for all platforms migrate all application to Akamai data servers to increase speed and performance of the applications.  • Used Angular JS as framework to create a Single Page Application (SPA) which can bind data to specific views and synchronize data with server using Sass, LESS, Bootstrap, AngularJS • Involved in development converting the static HTML mark-ups to JSP's.  • Integrated the service call with UI using $http and $resources which are substitutes for AJAX in angular.  • Used UNIX shell scripts for running java batch components on server.  • Using SVN for version control.  • Used Typescript to reduce the number of lines of traditional JavaScript files. Integration of Typescript to the whole project.  • Implemented client side Interface using React JS.  • Used Angular.JS $http service to communicate with Restful web services and JSON data.  • Implemented data visualization using Highcharts.  • Implemented unit testing for the front end using Jasmine and Karma • Develop various screens for the front end using React JS and used various predefined components from NPM (Node Package Manager) and Redux libraries.  • Used popular Node.js frameworks like Express and Restify to mock a Restful API.  • Effectively overcame CORS problems regarding reading media from third party clouds and shown them in our application.  • Experience in using Ember.js for making Ajax calls (GET, POST) for triggering or fetching data from Restful API's provided by the backend team.  • Building reusable code using Polymer.js and JavaScript libraries for future uses.  • Set up the Application Deployment on Staging and Integration servers using Jenkins.  • Involved in up gradation and maintenance of company's website to the new layout using the Grid orientation model Bootstrap framework.  • Utilized MongoDB as database to store consumer's order records, payment history, personalinformation and so on.  • Made enhancements to existing CSS and DIV tags, made upgrades using Twitter Bootstrap model.  • Extensively used CSS (Cascading Style Sheets) along with RWD to apply different styles to the layouts for varying screen sizes and pixels.  • Developed web applications using Restful and SOAP protocols.  • Refine and iterate user experience by designing and implementing new modules and interfaces in a complex, responsive site.  • Tested cross browser functionality and fixed major layout bugs for supported browsers.  • Developed the pages that are complaint to W3C and ADA section 508(c) standards.  • Involved in Agile/ SCRUM based approach to UI development.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, SASS, JavaScript, jQuery, Angular JS, React JS, Node JS, Bootstrap, XML, JSP, Apache Tomcat, Eclipse, Tortoise SVN. SR. FRONT END/UI DEVELOPER CATALENT - Somerset, NJ August 2014 to September 2015 RESPONSIBILITIES: • Closely worked with business system analyst to understand the requirements to ensure that right set of UI modules been built.  • Functionalities include writing code in HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Angular1.x, Angular2 Node.js and jQuery, making use of Bootstrap framework. My Specialty is large scale CSS, focusing on reusability and modularity.  • Enhanced an existing Angular1.X application to Angular2 with TypeScript which resulted in 40% code reduction, ease of upgrade, scalability, ease of developer spin up and enhanced performance • Leveraged Angular2 resources for all data access, encapsulating URLs, and standardizing data access interfaces.  • Created custom Components and Directives for re-usable components.  • Created Angular2 Directives, Components, Pipes, Injectables across the whole system, such as to build the custom filter.  • Highly used Angular2 Router to build single page application for navigate through the different status and multiple modals.  • Optimizing the code of reusability using the Decorators and injecting the services to access those in any components by using the property called providers in Angular2 Components.  • Set up server middleware to solve CORS issues between Angular 2 and node server.  • Worked on Webpack as module builder for build workflow for Web Application and webpack-dev-server as server.  • Created unit test cases of Angular2 components, services using Karma-test-runner and Jasmine.  • Extensively used Angular CLI to create custom Components, Directives and to run Unit tests.  • Used Typescript as compiler to compile typescript code into JavaScript, and used Typing's to manage Typescript definition.  • The back- end use NodeJS, Express, MongoDB and mongoose to provide RESTful API.  • Using GIT for version control • Extensively used CSS (Cascading Style Sheets) along with RWD to apply different styles to the layouts for varying screen sizes and pixels.  • Used CSS Grid system for the layout of Application.  • Used CSS pre-processors (SASS and LESS) • Used Grunt to create UI builds and run UI tasks like compiling less files to generate a CSS file.  • Developed web applications using Restful and SOAP protocols.  • Tested cross browser functionality and fixed major layout bugs for supported browsers.  • Developed the pages that are complaint to W3C and ADA section 508(c) standards.  • Involved in Agile/ SCRUM based approach to UI development.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, SASS, JavaScript ES6, jQuery, Angular1.x, Angular2, Node.js, Bootstrap, XML, Intellij, GIT. WEB DEVELOPER HDFC - IN June 2013 to July 2014 INDIA  Responsibilities: • Established front- end web application structure and UI layout using HTML, CSS and JavaScript.  • Used Bootstrap to implement responsive design for web application, with the help of CSS Media Queries to maintain larger style sheet.  • Used AJAX and jQuery to implement asynchronous functions and features, also used jQuery UI for Drag-Drop to make web page more user-interactive.  • Utilized AngularJS to build new MVC structure to set some custom filters and directives.  • Developed the application's presentation layer using JavaScript and jQuery Libraries.  • Used AngularJS AJAX calls (such as GET, PUT, POST) to transmit or fetch data from RESTful APIs which were created and provided by back- end team.  • Implemented Single Page Application (SPA) by using AngularJS which can bind data to specific views and synchronize data with server.  • Created AngularJS custom directives and made restrictions for the directive created.  • Used AngularJS to implement form validation and collection customer's data by creating  AngularJS components such as directives, controllers, services and so on.  • Used HTML, CSS to design page layouts that can meet cross-browser compatibility for various browsers.  • Debugged JavaScript and HTML code with Firefox Firebug, Google Chrome JavaScript debugger and IE Tester.  • Used Jasmine with Karma to do unit test.  • Used SVN as the project version control tool system.  • Used Agile methodology for requirement gathering.  • Communicated with QA team to work in code debug, performance check and defects resolve.    Environment: HTML, CSS, Media Queries, JavaScript, Bootstrap, jQuery, jQuery UI, Angular JS, RESTful API, AJAX, SPA, Firebug, Jasmine, Karma, JSON, SVN, Agile. WEB DEVELOPER FISERV June 2011 to May 2013 INDIA  Responsibilities: • Designed web application user interface, interaction scenarios and navigation based on analysts, interpretations of requirement and use cases.  • Developed client side validation code using JavaScript and jQuery.  • Worked one-on-one with client to develop layout, color scheme for his website and implemented it into a final interface design with the HTML/CSS &JavaScript.  • Designed and Developed JavaScript framework, which is wrapper on top of jQuery framework and AJAX, based UI Configuration widgets.  • Used JavaScript and CSS for UI Design Mockup. Written code in jQuery/JavaScript /CSS/AJAX for the navigation oriented application.  • Created Dynamic Integration of jQuery Tab, jQuery, and other jQuery component integration with Ajax.  • Developed UI and implemented for some plug-in using JavaScript, HTML, CSS and XML.  • Writing and implementing CSS throughout the site, both as in-line and imported files.  • Resolved various CSS compatibility issues.  • Implemented design process upon client approval and built out all assets: buttons, products shots, UI components, etc.  • Designed and developed the layouts of Customer Relations Module.  • Used several jQuery plugins to build Rich Internet Application (RIA) to make it look more intuitive.  • Participates in team meetings with the UI team and the end user Webmaster corporate clients to understand the needs of new implementation and Participates in daily team meetings and weekly scrum meetings.  • Identified the way to increase the search engine optimization (SEO) and social media friendly.    Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, Usability Testing, Agile methodology, WAMP Stack, Dreamweaver, Eclipse. Education Bachelor's Skills HTML5, CSS3, jQuery, Bootstrap, Angular.js, Require.js, Ext.js, Node.js, Backbone.js, Responsive Web Design, AJAX, jQuery UI, JavaScript, Dreamweaver, Photoshop, Flex, MVC, Rest Web Services, JSON, XML, SEO, MySQL Server, Eclipse and Windows. (8 years), Angular, Javascript, Front End, React, UI, Front-End, Jquery, Angularjs, User Interface, Java Additional Information Operating systems: Windows, Linux Ubuntu, Mac.  Languages: C, C++, C#, Python, Java, J2EE, Perl, Ruby  Web Technologies: HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, AJAX, Java Script, jQuery, JSON, PHP, Grunt, Gulp, Bower  Frameworks: AngularJS, AngularJS 2, ReactJS, NodeJS, BackboneJS  Wire Frame Tools (wire frame): Adobe Illustrator CS3 (basic idea on wire frame and visual design).  Servers: Apache Tomcat, IBM Web sphere, open stock,  IDEs/ Tools: Eclipse, Toad, Sublime text, Spyder  Debugging Tools: Firebug, Karma, Jasmine and Mocha  Version Control: CVS, GitHub, SVN, Bit Bucket