UI/ Front- end Developer UI/<span class="hl">Front</span>-<span class="hl">end</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> UI/ Front- end Developer - Kaiser Permanente Dallas, TX • Over 8+ years Front- end Web Application Development experience with technologies using HTML 4.0/5, XHTML, DHTML, CSS2/CSS3, DOM, JAVASCRIPT, JQUERY, Typescript and Core Java, Angular 2.X/4, AJAX, JSON, XML Bootstrap and Responsive Web Design.  • Experience with full Software Development Life Cycle(SDLC), architecting scalable platforms, objects oriented programming, and Agile methodologies  • Extensive experience in developing and designing user friendly, cross browser complaint web sites, and User Interface (UI) applications in various domains  • Involved in daily SCRUM meetings to keep track of the ongoing project status and issues  • Proficient in building User Interface applications and professional web applications using HTML/HTML5, XHTML, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, jQuery UI, Angular 2/4, AJAX, JSON, XML, Bootstrap, React Js, Backbone JS and Node JS  • Experience in developing Single Page Applications(SPA) using JavaScript MVC framework such as React JS  • Expertise in securing the application using form-based authentication using HTML, JavaScript, jQuery, and CSS  • Strong JavaScript and jQuery skills and able to write unobtrusive custom code as well as implement existing jQuery plug-in  • Proficient in developing front- end systems with JavaScript, Bootstrap, HTML5, CSS3 and MVC frameworks such as Angular2/4  • Extensive experience with Angular2/4, creating custom directives, decorators, and services to interface with both restful and legacy network services also DOM applications  • Refactored and enhanced an existing Angular 4 application to follow strict MVC patterns for improved source code  • Strong Experience in writing Angular 4 code for developing Single page applications (SPA), used several in built language core directives, expressions and modules  • Hands on experience in Designing and Developing Single Page Applications using Angular 2/4, and work with other UI technologies such jQuery, Bootstrap and HTML  • Experience in writing/editing web content, technical and user documentation, business process analysis, process flowcharting and documentation  • Good understanding of Document Object Model (DOM) along with DOM functions and dealt with challenges in High Traffic Websites  • Sound Understanding and good Experience with Object Oriented Concepts, Object Oriented JavaScript, Object Oriented Design and Implementation  • Developed and designed Ajax based Prototype, JavaScript, JQuery and AJAX based UI frame work  • Experience on working with CSS Backgrounds, CSS Layouts, CSS Positioning, CSS Animations, CSS Text, CSS Borders, CSS Margin, CSS Padding, CSS Table and Pseudo Classes, CSS Preprocessors (SASS, LESS)  • Experience using NPM, NPM scripts, and Web packto install and manage different packages  • Proficient in handling response data from RESTful web services using XML, JSON and jQuery to update UI  • Experience in consuming web services i.e., RESTful based APIs for updating dynamic functionality of HTML in JQuery, JavaScript, and Angular 4  • Developed Responsive Web Designs (RWD) using Media Queries and Bootstrap.  • Experience in writing technical documents like Functional Requirement Document, Detail Design, Creating screen mock ups, Test Cases, Conducting Code/Peer Reviews, Testing (Unit and Integration), planning and leading training sessions  • Experience in working MVC Architecture and also in using version control (SVN)  • Experience in using various IDE's, Notepad++, Eclipse, Sublime text editor, Visual Studio code and MS Visio  • Great ability to write clear, maintainable, well-documented & commented and efficient code for web development  • Excellent Experience on JIRA, AGM for bug tracking, issue tracking, etc., and all phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) which involves designing, developing, testing, implementation, and maintenance with Agile/SCRUM methodology and Waterfall method according to the requirements also performing code reviews to ensure quality standards  • Dealing with challenging High Traffic Websites and Cross Browser Issues handling  • Excellent interpersonal abilities, communication skills, time management and Team skills with an intention to work hard to attain project deadlines under stressful environments  • Experience in Test Driven Development (TDD) environments using Karma/Jasmine. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience UI/ Front- end Developer Kaiser Permanente - Pleasanton, CA December 2016 to Present Kaiser Permanente (KP) has a long and proud history as an innovator in health-care delivery. Today, KP is America's largest not-for-profit health maintenance organization, serving 8.4 million members in nine states and the District of Columbia. Worked on KPs intranet and extranet website for benefits management systems and enrolment applications.    Responsibilities:  • Responsible for CSS based custom UI modification, JavaScript based functionality modification and unit testing.  • Followed agile methodology in the development lifecycle with weekly Scrum meetings.  • Involved in development, design and implementation of front end part of the application.  • Developed the User Interactive web pages as per organizational standards by using web technologies like HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript.  • Worked on highly advanced user interface design and development using AngularJS, HTML and CSS.  • Extensive experience in using various JavaScript libraries like Angular.JS and developing Rich Internet Applications (RIA).  • Used LESS preprocessor, Bootstrap library for creating UI and maintain consistency across the website.  • Used Media Queries (Responsive Web Design) techniques to enhance user's behavior based on screen-size, platform and orientation.  • Developed dynamic Single Page Web Applications using Angular.JS.  • Developed portals for implementing health care benefits of the employees.  • Web pages were upgraded and maintained easily using HOC (higher order components).  • Designed Frontend with in object oriented JavaScript Framework like Bootstrap, Angular.JS.  • Built and Maintained websites with HTML5, CSS3, SASS, Gulp, Grunt, Javascript, jQuery, andAdobe Creative Suite;  • Used the JSON in developing the frontend screens.  • Extensively used Selectors in JQuery for updating content on DOM nodes.  • Created JavaScript code using XML Http Request Adapter to send AJAX request to the server side code and also implemented a callback function to handle the results.  • Used Eclipse IDE for designing, coding and developing applications.  • Used CVS, GIT for Version control to maintain revised code across various developers.  • Rigorous use of testing frameworks such as Junit.  • Successfully executed all the test cases and fixed any bugs/issues identified during the test cycles.  Environment: HTML, HTML5, XHTML, CSS, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, Bootstrap, LESS, Angular.js, Grunt, Gulp, XML, JSON, DOM, MVC, AJAX, Media queries, Java, Eclipse IDE, Junit. UI/ Front- end Developer CVS Caremark - Buffalo Grove, IL October 2014 to December 2016 CVS Caremark is the prescription benefit management subsidiary of CVS Health. It offers comprehensive prescription benefit management services to over 2000 healthcare plans, including corporations, managed care organizations, insurance companies, unions and government entities I am working for CMP Team, it is messaging system which receive alert messages and process them before sending to customerCMP application is developed using Java Messaging Service. We developed Queues and listeners as per business needs. New services were implemented to interact with Pitney Bowes content management system. As per requirement needs worked on UI development for CMP Team.    Responsibilities:  • Responsible for transforming design mock-ups to W3C standards compliant HTML pages using XHTML, CSS, JavaScript, and jQuery, JSP/JSON, XML and XSLT.    • Worked on various mobile frameworks like jQuery mobile.    • Responsible for designing mobile applications.    • Followed MVC Architecture using AngularJS Framework    • Implemented user interface guidelines and standards throughout the development and maintenance of the website using DHTML (HTML, CSS and JavaScript).    • Responsible for developing various static and dynamic modules which are displayed in different web pages according to the specifications.    • Implemented different validation control on the web-pages using JavaScript, and also used Angular JS framework.    • Developed and designed XML Schemas to transport and store data. XML was used to simplify data and allow for Platform Changes, as well as making data more available across the applications distributed platforms.    • Extensively used XSLT to transform XML documents to HTML.    • Wrote custom jQuery plugins and developed JavaScript functions to build a bleeding-edge, AJAX-driven user interface.    • Extensively used jQuery plugins like jCarouselLite and mouse wheel for creating scrollable menus.    • Worked on jQuery Light box for creating image and video galleries.    • Implemented dynamic page elements and form error validations using JavaScript.    • Embedded the flash content into the web pages using SW Object.    • Created Ajax calls to exchange (request / responses) information with database.    • Developed social network services for user interaction using Ajax, JavaScript, CSS and DHTML.    • Used Subversion (SVN) as a repository tool and as a version control.s  Environment: HTML4, XHTML, XML, XSLT, XPATH, CSS, JavaScript, MVC, JQuery, JSP, JSON, AJAX, DOM, Aptana Studio 2.0, SVN, Eclipse, Sub Version. UI/ Front- end Developer Molina HealthCare - Long Beach, CA January 2012 to October 2014 Member portal is a web channel for health insurance members to view and modify their health insurance details. Portal consists of viewing member plan details, claim details, Hospitals and Doctors specification details.    Responsibilities:  • Development of the interactive UI's for the front- end users using the front- end technologies like HTML5, XHTML, CSS3, JavaScript and JQuery  • Utilized Agile Methodologies (Scrum) to manage full life-cycle development (SDLC)of the project  • Responsible to manipulate HTML5, CSS3 in JQuery as well as making the pages dynamic using AJAX, XML and JSON  • Used the functionalities for writing code in HTML5, CSS, Angular JS, Backbone JS, JavaScript, JQUERY, Ajax, JSON, and Bootstrap with MySQL database as the backend  • Used Bootstrap front- end framework for faster and easier web development.    • Worked on RWD (Responsive Web Design) and implemented Angular.js    • Implemented AJAX, JSON, and JavaScript to create interactive web screens    • Involved in writing application level code to interact with APIs, Restful Web Services using AJAX, JSON    • Utilized the HTML5DOM local storage features to store data locally client side processing    • Used JavaScript methods and properties to implement front end /user interface features in the application    • Performed GET and POST requests in Ajax of XML, JSON using JavaScript, jQuery    • Structured the JavaScript code using Angular JS Worked with Angular JS routers, forms, modules, Dom, events, expressions, controllers, filters and Http Request    • Developed a single-page application (SPA) with the goal of providing a more fluid user experience to a desktop application    • Implemented JavaScript as the scripting language to detect visitor's browser, form validation, providing event methods, animations etc.    • Used several jQuery plugins to build Rich Internet Application (RIA) to make it look more intuitive    • Handled client side validations, slide show, hide and show controls, dropdown menus and tab navigation using JQuery    • Debugging and testing done with Google chrome developer tools and Firebug    • Identified and fixed the browser/performance related issues in the application    • Provided production deployment and validation support    • Participated in Code review and Quality Assurance    • Involved in setting up the environment, installing the application and web servers    • Practiced paired programming, test driven development TTD and scrum status meetings    • Adopted a cross browser and cross platform approach to make the website's most versatile and supportive    Environment: HTML5, XHTML, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, Agile, SDLC, AJAX, XML, JSON, Angular JS, Bootstrap, RWD, DOM, GET, POST, Modules, controllers, Firebug, chrome developer tools UI Developer NextGear Capital - Carmel, IN December 2010 to December 2011 NextGear Capital is the industry's leading comprehensive provider of lending products, providing flexible lines of credit for dealers to purchase New and Used inventory at over 1,000 auto and specialty auctions and other inventory sources throughout the United States, Canada, United Kingdom and Ireland    Responsibilities:  • Created user interface using JavaScript, Angular JS, jQuery, CSS3 and HTML5  • Developed and improved application using MVC Framework  • Extensive experience in building RESTful API's for web applications  • Created a workflow using GIT technology to collaborate work against various developers  • Worked with Google Maps API to display the event location and directions  • Created user interaction page which involves client side validation  • Used JQuery plug-ins auto complete, validation, drag and drop and more exceptionally  • Involved in developing various generic python functions used for validations  • Used advanced level of HTML5, JavaScript, CSS3 and pure CSS layouts (table less layout)  • Produced content pages with CSS3 layout and style markup presentations by using JavaScript methods and properties  • Specialized in development of webpages in Responsive Web Design (RWD) using Twitter Bootstrap  • Generating fundamental jQuery on web pages to create dynamic environment such as subcategories, highlighted links, and clickable buttons and dropdown menus  • Used Sublime as Integrated Development Environment  • Used AJAX to request JSON data through third party REST APIs to acquire data of products from the server and to display it in sorted order  • Managed to integrate multiple data sources and databases into one system  • Developed page layouts, navigation, animation buttons and icons  • Worked closely with business analysts in understanding the technical requirements of each project and prepared use cases for different features and designs  • Involved in Requirement gathering phase in order to gather the requirements from the business users and dealing with UX team to continuously accommodate changing user requirements  • Developed Functional Requirement Document based on user's requirement  • Worked with web testing team helping and leading in the development of the test concept  • Worked closely with various infrastructure teams and managing outages with the partner systems during Production Deployments  • Involved in design analysis, creating design documents, planning and managing day-to- day activities and interaction with team members to facilitate smooth implementation  Environment: Angular JS, JavaScript, HTML5, DHTML, CSS3, Responsive Web Design, JQuery, JSON, Ajax, Bootstrap, Sublime UI Developer PayPal - San Jose, CA August 2009 to November 2010 PayPal makes it an easy and secure way for making payments. I worked on one of the Giving funds projects. eBay giving fund is an application that makes it easy to vet the charities collect funds for those charities. The company was originally called Mission Fish and was a part of the eBay/PayPal ecosystem. Using this application the ebay sellers get advantage of increased sales and the charities can increase the donations.    Responsibilities:  • Used AngularJS to create custom directives for pagination, search filters and other re-usable sections.  • Worked on AngularJS, used its two-way data binding to achieve the feedback functionality from the user.  • Extensively used HTML5, CSS3, Javascript to build the required functionality for data handling for accounting admin and compliance.  • Worked with business analysts to understand their business models and goals and help define strategy, content, and features.  • Involved in the creation of interface to manage user menu and Bulk update of Attributes using AngularJS, Node.js, Require.js and JQuery.  • Integrated AngularJS with PayPal web services for payment transaction for charity.  • Used Node.js with Express.js to handle the data regarding charity type and amount to be transacted, data saving and transferring data to accounting and compliance.  • Handled all the client side validations, slide show, hide and show controls, dropdown menus and tab navigation using JQUERY.  • Wrote code to fetch data from Web services using AJAX via JSON response and updating the HTML pages.  Environment: Javascript, HTML5, CSS3, JQuery, Bootstrap, AngularJS, Node.js, Express.js, MongoDB. Education Bachelor in information technology GITAM University Skills JAVASCRIPT (8 years), jQuery (8 years), CSS (7 years), BOOTSTRAP (6 years), HTML5 (6 years) Additional Information Technical Skills    Web Technologies HTML5/4, CSS3, XML, DHTML, JavaScript, Object Oriented Programming, Web Standards (XHTML, CSS)  Languages JavaScript, TypeScript  JavaScript Technologies jQuery, Angular JS, Angular 2/4, Bootstrap, jQueryUI, NodeJS, React JS  Databases SQL (MySQL, SQL Server)  Servers MAMP, Node.js, PM2, NGINX  Debugging Tools W3c validator, Firebug, developer Tools  IDE Sublime, Visual Studio, Brackets, Notepad++, Visual Studio Code    Operating Systems Linux, Windows, MAC, UNIX  Version Control GIT(GitHub)    Methodologies Agile, Waterfall, Scrum, TFS