Front End Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End Developer - Travelers Insurance Hartford, CT • 5+ years of experience as Frontend/UI developer. Experience in designing and developing User Interface (UI) using HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript, Typescript, jQuery, Bootstrap3/4, AngularJS, Angular 2, Angular 4, Angular 6, JSON, and AJAX that follows W3C Web Standards and are browser compatible.  • 2 years of experience in PeopleSoft Administrator.  • Skillful in developing Responsive Web Design using CSS3 Media Queries and Bootstrap also, created responsive web application for various devices.  • Experience in all phase of SDLC like Requirement Analysis, Implementation and Maintenance, and extensive experience with Agile and SCRUM.  • Experience in working with AngularJS to implement Single page applications (SPAs) using Directives, Modules, Expressions, Routers, Views, Model and Controller.  • Expertise in using Angular JS Directives, Controllers, Filters, Services, Templates, Events and Injectors.  • Great with Agile methodologies very effective team player in evolving design to best suit target goals.  • Experienced in React JS and working with React Flux architecture.  • Experienced in working with Redux architecture using complex Object-Oriented concepts in improving the performance of the websites.  • Experience in developing interactive web applications using JavaScript, Angular, jQuery, HTML, CSS and integration of Restful APIs.  • Experience in working on modern MEAN STACK ExpressJS, AngularJS, ReactJS and NodeJS.  • Good understanding on Restful API integration with the application  • Proficiency in building and designing Responsive Web Design (RWD) with CSS media Queries and Bootstrap.  • Experience in using React JS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, plus Redux, Animations and Flux concept.  • Good Experience in React.js for creating interactive UI's using One-way data flow, Virtual DOM, JSX, React Native concepts.  • Extensive used Angular components like controllers, directives, factory and service resources, routing, dependency injection, 2-way data binding, filters and events.  • Developed single page applications (SPA) using MEAN stack: Express, Angular 2.0 and Node.js v4.  • Good experience in REST API integration, using open source build (lint and concatenation) and package management tools like NPM (Node Package Manager).  • Experience in Node environment using Node.js, NPM, Grunt, Gulp, Groovy Bower.  • Strong in using the Node.js, and Require.js and MVC Frameworks in the development of the web application.  • Extensive experience working in both AGILE/SCRUM and SDLC based development environment  • Experience with Application Servers and Web Servers such as J boss and Apache Tomcat.  • Skills in creating and accessing various databases using SQL queries, PL/SQL scripts on Aqua Data Studio.  • Experienced in source code management/review and branch configuration using VCS like GIT, VSTS.  • Good understanding of Model-View-Controller (MVC) pattern.  • Followed TDD approach on the angular code with Jasmine as the testing framework and Karma as the test runner tool.  • Have excellent data modeling, analytical and problem solving skills and very good team player with excellent communication skills. Excellent Troubleshooting and enhancing skills. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Front End Developer Travelers Insurance - Hartford, CT March 2017 to Present Responsibilities:  • Responsible for re-structuring of application, development, implementation and enhancement of application/Web pages using Angular 6, HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, GIT, JSON, AJAX, ReactJS and NodeJS.  • Involved in all the phases of SDLC including Requirements Collection, Design & Analysis of the Customer Specifications and development of the application for dynamic user experience.  • Offshore communication and helping the team in understanding client requirements.  • Involved in requirement gathering, designing, development, UI reviews, and maintenance.  • Coded extensively using JavaScript MVC Framework AngularJS to make rich internet web application for a Single page app.  • Developed user interface by using the React JS, Flux for SPA development.  • Implemented react JS code to handle cross browser compatibility issues in Mozella, IE 7, 8, 9, Safari and FF.  • Designed a login mockup with token based authentication for user using the MEAN stack.  • Developed front- end UI pages to support data access and user authorization.  • Used React-Router to turn application into Single Page Application  • Used CSS3, Bootstrap and wireframes and Mockup's for getting the dashboard responsive.  • Coding and testing Workflow through JavaScript framework (Angular 6) by creating modules and components adding Functionalities and coupling them together into a functional app and designing few HTML templates based on the requirement and adding API's to the component.  • Worked in using React JS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, Animations and Flux concept.  • Used Node JS as a proxy to interact with RESTful services and interacting with SQL Database.  • Created Typescript reusable components and services to consume REST API's using Component-based architecture provided by Angular 6.  • Used various features in AngularJS like data binding, routing, custom filters, custom directives to meet various customized requirements.  • Implemented the Drag and Drop functionality using React-Draggable  • Used React-Autocomplete for creating google maps location search on the webpage Added Excel-Builder to download the Tabular data in Excel format using react.  • Provided client side validations using AngularJS framework.  • Working with Bootstrap Components which are written in Angular JS using Angular-UI components.  • Implemented a Continuous Delivery pipeline with GitHub.  • Used React flux to polish the data and for single directional flow.  • Bug fixing and issue resolution  • Daily Client interaction to understand the requirement for the system.  • Helping Team in resolving technical issue.  • JIRA Bug creation for issue tracking.  • Also used web based GIT repository manager with issue tracking features.  • Implemented Reactive form throughout the application and performed both angular build in form validation and custom validation.  • Called the Restful web service calls for POST, PUT, DELETE and GET methods.  • Deployment of code in DEV, TEST, QA, Pre-PROD and PROD environment.  • Code built and Deployed to QA. Giving the Demo for the developed pages for the approval.  • Developed and Also tested website using the MEAN (Express, AngularJS, Node.js) stack.  Environment: Angular 6, Agile, Apache Tomcat v9.0, Target Process, JSON, NPM, NodeJS, ReactJS, Visual Studio code 1.22, IntelliJ, Microsoft SQL server 2012, Web API 2, Bootstrap, Eclipse IDE, HTML5, CSS3. Front End Web Developer San Francisco, CA March 2015 to February 2017 Responsibilities:  • Created a custom responsive web application to replace a legacy line-of-business web application using Angular JS.  • Worked on Front end by using AngularJS, JavaScript.  • Involved developing and designing in web pages using AngularJS, HTML 5, CSS3, JavaScript, Bootstrap, SASS, LESS, React.js, Redux , Flex.  • Used Angular.js for connecting the API's using Angular.js $http service.  • Designed dynamic and multi-browser compatible pages using HTML, CSS, AngularJS and JavaScript.  • Defined new validations through AngularJS for the form field validation implemented through HTML5.  • Used AngularJS multiple in-built directives such as filters, root scope, scope, modal, template, state etc.  • Developer responsive interface using Bootstrap.  • Responsible to Style, look and feel of the web page with SASS that extends CSS with dynamic behavior such as variable, mixing, operations and functions.  • Responsible for creating the screens with table-less designs meeting W3C standards.  • Applied jQuery scripts for basic animation and end user screen customization purposes.  • Responsible for front- end UI design using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, jQuery plugins.  • Used Media Queries for the design to be compatible in all devices.  • Implemented various screens for the front end using React.js and used various predefined components from NPM (Node Package Manager) and redux library.  • Developed different jQuery component in MVC framework.  • Used Dreamweaver as editor for designing new pages.  • Implemented React container and presentational components (as Stateless and Functional components when applicable).  • Implemented the Drag and Drop functionality using jQuery framework.  • Used Grunt as task runner to test the JavaScript with JSHint.  • Worked on Cross-Browser Compatibility and tested each & every web application on popular web browsers such as Internet Explorer, Firefox, Safari, Opera and Chrome.  • Used Media Queries to deal with different CSS related issues on different devices.Bug fixing and issue resolution  • Used web based GIT repository manager with issue tracking features.  • Creation of responsive design and cross browser support.  Environment: Angular.js, ReactJS, JavaScript, GIT, Bootstrap, Ajax, JSON, HTML5, CSS3, Oracle database, Eclipse, Dreamweaver, SPA, OOP, SQL, FLUX, Twitter Bootstrap, GIT, SASS, Grunt, Photoshop. Front End Web Developer Property Mega mart Realty Ltd - Mumbai, Maharashtra April 2014 to January 2015 Responsibilities:  • Responsible for designing adbanners for Google ads using HTML5, CSS3.  • Responsible for front end responsive and attractive web designing using HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, jQuery, JavaScript  • Responsible for providing support and bug fix of applications.  • Understand the client's requirement and work accordingly with the team within the time deadline.  • Managed and maintained the attractiveness and contents of websites.  • Bug fixing and issue resolution  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, JavaScript, jQueryMySQL, AJAX, JSON Front End Developer LMS - Mumbai, Maharashtra October 2013 to March 2014 Responsibilities:  • Created Web pages for the application using the listed web technologies  • Implemented client-side validations using JavaScript on the pages  • Bug fixing and browser support  • Created dynamic pages for the common functionality shared between multiple clients  • Worked on Multi-client architecture for the application  • Responsive page design for the application  • Integrated various jQuery widgets helpful for the system  • Used the SDLC methodology for the development.  Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JSON, jQuery ,Ajax PeopleSoft Admin Alcoa - Mumbai, Maharashtra January 2013 to September 2013 Responsibilities:  • Worked as Software Engineer.  • Performed Peopletool upgrade task starting from Dev. to PROD environment (i.e. change assistant configuration, Peopletool installation etc.)  • Downloading, Installing and administration of PeopleSoft HCM 9.1, FSCM 9.1 and Weblogic 10x.  • Applying fixes/patches/maintenance packs for PeopleSoft applications.  • Applying latest TAX update on HCM 9.1.  • Creation and Configuration of Application Server Domain and Process Scheduler Databases under PeopleSoft administration.  • Automate manual activities as far as possible by developing scripts in UNIX.  • Monitoring Application servers. Process Schedulers under PeopleSoft administration.  • Bouncing Application servers, Process Schedulers under PeopleSoft administration.  • Configuration of Application Server Domain and Process Scheduler Databases under PeopleSoft administration.  • Performing project migration from Dev. to Test and Test to Prod servers.  • Creation of Application and database users and maintaining security.  • Refresh of Non-prod applications with that of the prod data.  • Track the status of all tool upgrade task with time execution status.  • Document the issue and their resolution occurred pre and post tool.  Environment: HCM 9.1, FSCM 9.1, Peoplesoft Tools, Unix, Oracle, MySql PeopleSoft Admin Mumbai, Maharashtra September 2011 to December 2012 Responsibilities:  • Worked as Senior Software Engineer.  • After every new release we have to create the fresh instance from scratch with all application having latest release.  • Installed Tuxedo & Web logic Server, PeopleTools and Applications of lasted release.  • Created PeopleSoft Demo instance.  • Performed PeopleSoft data change management.  • Movement of PeopleSoft fileserver migration across different OS platform.  • Troubleshooting web, application and batch server related issues.  • Configuring the IB and monitoring the asynchronous messages.  • Backing up and restoring the databases. Performing database related tuning.  • Created dedicated environment for data conversion.  • Implemented STAT configuration.  • Configuration of STAT tool used for migration of code.  • Applying patches and bundles according to the maintenance schedule.  • Applying latest TAX update on HCM 9.1.  • LDAP Implementation on PeopleTools 8.47 and PeopleTools 8.52  • SSO setup for external users.  • Configured file upload utility.  • Implemented forgot password functionality.  • Automated refresh of Non-prod instances with production data.  • Implementation of PeopleSoft forgot password link  • Upgrade of PeopleTools.  • Created Monitoring script to monitor the web instances in PROD.  • Automated the restart of process schedulers, application server and web servers both on UNIX.  • Created script to send a trace file generated by user on their mail id.  • Develop Shell/Batch Scripts and in continuous lookout to automate.  • Performed DB refreshes and supported DBA team, UNIX team and Windows team during their patching activity.  • Integrated PeopleSoft systems with various third party tools.  Environment: HCM, FSCM, Peoplesoft Tools, Unix, AIX Shell Scripting, Oracle, MySql, Sso, STAT Tools, LDAP Education Bachelor's Skills Git, HTML, JAVASCRIPT, BOOTSTRAP, REACTJS, TYPESCRIPT, JSON, SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT, XML, DATABASE, DB2, MICROSOFT SQL SERVER, SQL SERVER, MYSQL, ORACLE, SQL, ANGULARJS, HTML5, SASS, AJAX Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  Web Technologies HTML/HTML5, DHTML, XML, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript, Ajax, JSON, XML, NPM, TypeScript, SCSS, SASS.  Frameworks/Libraries AngularJS, Angular 2, Angular 4, Angular 6, ReactJS, NodeJS, jQuery, D3JS, Bootstrap.  Tools GitHub, Firebug, Chrome Developer Tools, Maven, Eclipse, IntelliJ, Net beans, MS Office, JIRA.  Database Oracle , Microsoft SQL Server,DB2, MySQL.  Version Control GIT, VSTS.  Operating System Windows NT, Windows 7, Windows 8,8.1,10, Linux.  Software Development Methodologies Agile, SDLC, Waterfall