Front End Engineer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> Engineer Versed in the production of high quality solutions for clients; bringing broad understanding of Modern HTML, Javascript, CSS, and software development, plus a very strong ability to execute standard software architectural patterns. Saint Paul, MN Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Front End Engineer Valtira - Minneapolis, MN June 2015 to June 2019 My roles at Valtira pertained to extensive experience with web application and website design and development, frequent client meetings and performing demos. During the development lifecycle we followed an AGILE software development approach.  Apart from leading on many full scale development projects from start to finish each of us were responsible for maintaining consultation for client support on various projects. We used Trello and Harvest to track our time and sprint, project progress. Front End Web Developer Minneapolis Community and Technical College - Minneapolis, MN January 2015 to June 2015 I developed the navigation functionality for the graduating class' site as well as the single creatives page HTML markup with CSS and Jquery. This site was first developed from a static site with Bootstrap and was then moved into a WordPress site. We worked on developing the site with a custom Wordpress template written in PHP.  Front End Web Developer intern Word Up Web - Digital Marketing - Minneapolis, MN January 2014 to August 2014 Collaborated with a team of other web and graphic designers. I developed the logo, color scheme and assisted with web layout and positioning among the team. Developed a custom Wordpress template with PHP for the upcoming Wordpress event.  Education Associate in Web Design & Interactive Media & Graphic Design Minneapolis Community and Technical College - Minneapolis, MN August 2013 to June 2015 Bachelor's in Philosophy & Fine Art University of Minnesota-Twin Cities - Minneapolis, MN August 2006 to June 2009 Skills Angular (4 years), Front End (7 years), Javascript (7 years), UI (7 years), Angularjs (4 years), Front-End (7 years), React (4 years), User Interface (7 years), Amazon Web Services (4 years), Technical Communication (4 years), Mocha (4 years), Jest (4 years), Jasmine (4 years), Jquery, Node, HTML5, AWS (4 years), Amazon Web Services (4 years) Links https://github.com/stavrou-1 https://stavrou-1.github.io/yss https://www.linkedin.com/in/yiannis-stavrou Assessments Problem Solving — Highly Proficient June 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to analyze relevant information when solving problems. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/ghoxekhlwde7h7y8 Critical Thinking — Proficient June 2019 Using logic to solve problems. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/i3jbauihftmffpol Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Groups Midwest JS August 2018 to August 2018 Attended this Javascript conference to meet other developers across the country. The event included attending talks on AngularJS, React, Node JS development and more. Midwest JS is a premier technology conference focused on the Javascript ecosystem. Currently Studying to take AWS Certified Developer - Associate exam January 2019 to Present I am taking the AWS Certified Developer certificate test September 4th.