UI/ Web Developer UI/ Web <span class="hl">Developer</span> UI/ Web Developer - CAPITAL ONE, Virginia Austin, TX Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience UI/ Web Developer CAPITAL ONE, Virginia August 2017 to Present Description: Capital One Financial Corporation is a bank holding company specializing in credit cards, home loans, banking and savings products headquartered in McLean Virginia. Capital One is the eighth-largest commercial bank in the United States when ranked by assets and deposits and is ranked 9th on the list of largest banks in the United States by total assets.    Responsibilities:  • Used XSRF and CSRF for Authentication.  • Used HTML5 and CSS3.  • We used 3-legged OAuth for the Authentication for the company.  • Imported styles from S3 and used Zuul-gateway for the Authentication.  • Developed POC's for the Authentication model using various security features in it.  • Captured the intermediate auth token and secured that token until the authentication process is finished and generates the final auth token at the server.  • Used JWT format to secure the tokens. And after the authentication is done everything will be maintained by the server not on the web application. In this way we secured the token no one steal the token to hack the server.  • Added react-router with secure navigation and unsecure navigation.  • Worked with UX designer for the wireframes for the POC's and Independent framework.  • Created a state management in react application using redux for the data flow within the application.  • Configured redux store, reducers and actions. Used sagas for handling middleware and 'fetch api's for rest calls.  • Involved in developing presentational and container components using React and JSX.  • Used react-data grid to populate the dynamic data within the table. Used react-bootstrap and SASS for handling responsiveness in the application and parse correct styles on prop changes.  • Configured web pack to transpile react and JSX to ES5 using Babel and react-loaders, Added css-loader and sass plug-in for pre-compiling SASS to css. Used HTML5 plugin to create the index.html file with generated hashed js and css files. Added proxy for webpack-server.  • Solid understanding of React Virtual Dom Algorithm, for React performance optimization.  • Implemented dynamic page elements and form error validations.  • Developed mock Api's to test the framework independency.  • The way we implemented React framework it will render data from the endpoint no matter what the data is. Column names will also load from the End points.  • Configured web pack to trans-pile JSX to ES5 using Babel, Added CSS-loader and sass plug-in for pre-compiling SASS to CSS. Used HTML5 plugin to create the index.html file with generated hashed JS and CSS files. Added proxy for web pack-server.  • Configured node application created rest api's.  • Used Bit-Bucket for version controls.  • Resolved Cross Browser Compatible Issues for different version of IE, Safari, Chrome, Firefox and Opera.  • Worked closely with product, UX and business team to build applications & reach business goals through front end development and UX.  • Used Jira board for the track of work we have done.  • Updated the Confluence page after each task and raised the issues to check the updated application and responded on the confluence page Sr. Front End/UI Developer INFOR February 2015 to July 2017 Environment: Anjular.js, JSX, React, Redux, Babel, react-bootstrap, promises, node Js, HTML5, CSS3, Jenkins, JSON, JavaScript, Web pack, Bit Bucket.  Sr. Front End/UI Developer  INFOR, Texas  February 2015 to July 2017  Description: Infor is a multi-national privately held United States-based enterprise software company. Headquartered in New York City, Infor focuses on business applications for organization and delivered via cloud computing as a service. In 2010 Infor began to focus on software for industry niches, as well as user-friendly software design. Infor deploys its cloud applications through Amazon Web Services and various open source software platforms.  Responsibilities:  • Developed web page applications using HTML5, CSS3, JSON 1.8.1, DOM, JavaScript 1.8.5, Bootstrap framework, jQuery 1.1/2.1 and AJAX.  • Interfaced with teams to create and track metrics on incident management while producing metrics, trending and reporting.  • Created Single Page Customer side applications using Angular.js and CSS3.  • Developed the pages that are complaint to W3C standards.  • Developed front- end reporting screen using Angular.js, widely used Angular JS UI components like route (Providers, pagination, ng-grid, ng-directives, Session timeout pop-ups).  • Designed Frontend Mobile applications with in object-oriented Typescript with standard Framework using Angular2.  • Spearheaded adoption of new principles such as responsive design, mobile first and adaptive design using Angular2 libraries using Typescript.  • Setting up Angular2 framework for development. Developed html views with HTML 5, CSS 3, jQuery, JSON, and JavaScript.  • Debug the Web application to traverse the documents and manipulated the nodes using DOM and DOM functions.  • Synchronized data with server using SASS, LESS, Bootstrap, Angular.js & D3.js.  • Developed rich interactive graphics and data visualizations of large structured data in browser-friendly formats using D3.js  • Developed innovative web pages using full stack development in Angular.js for front end.  • Worked on portals for developing customer online ordering using D3.js, JavaScript, jQuery and Ajax.  • Setting up Angular JS framework for development. Developed html views with HTML 5, CSS 3, jQuery, JSON, and Java Script.  • Created images, logos and icons that are used across the web pages using Adobe Photoshop.  • Worked with JSON for data exchange between client and server.  • Developed, tested, and deployed web application feature set in Angular.js with MongoDB backend, incorporating RESTful APIs  • Used Jasmin for unit testing of front end code.    Environment:HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript 1.8.5, Typescript, jQuery 1.1/2.1, Angular.js, D3.js, Angular2, Bootstrap3, SASS, LESS, AJAX, JSON, GIT, Jasmin, WebStorm, Adobe Photoshop and Apache Server. SR.UI Developer Thomson Reuters - Dallas, TX October 2012 to July 2014 Description: Thomson Reuters is a leading global source of intelligent information for businesses and professionals. With operational Head quarters in New York and London, Thomson Reuters combines industry expertise with Groundbreaking software to deliver critical solutions to leaders in the financial, legal, tax and accounting, Scientific , Intellectual Property and media markets. Thisc Project involves the development of Integrated Ops Portal (IOP) which is a web application for Organization Wireless employees where they can view cell sites, alarms, tickets, work orders, tasks, and PMs.    Responsibilities:  • Developed the front- end pages, layouts, forms and user interface design for the web application HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.  • Implemented model-view-controller (MVC) architecture using Angular.JS Framework.  • Developed Angular JS components such as controllers, Services, filters, models.  • Used Angular.JS Directives like ng-app, ng-model, ng-repeat, ng-show, ng-hide, ng-controller, ng-route etc.  • Used Custom Angular.JS Filters to provide better search experience.  • Involved and maintained coordination in the activities and phases of the project and to ensure that all phases of the project are followed and properly documented.  • Involved in the UI review with the UI architect and business units and developed non-functional HTML, CSS pages from the mock ups.  • Worked with business analysts to understand their business models and goals and help define strategy, content, and features.  • Used wireframes and prototypes to develop the website related implementation of the project.  • The PSD mockups are converted into hand-written HTML and CSS pages.  • Used HTML and CSS3 web technologies are used to redesign the existed websites.  • Used JQUERY and handled dropdown menus, tab navigation, hide/show controls, slideshow and all client-side validations.  • The graphical user interface (GUI) is developed in the projects using JavaScript, HTML, HTML5, AJAX, CSS and jQuery.  • Used JavaScript and jQuery coding for page functionality.  • Used JQUERY AJAX via JSON and wrote the code to fetch the data and update the HTML page.  • To get the data in JSON format used jQuery, Ajax plug-in and displayed on HTML page.  • Created different Carousels using jQuery Carousel, and Accordions with the help of jQuery UI for different product categories.  • Used Subversion (SVN) as a repository tool and as a version control.  • Used Ajax, jQuery to generate dropdown lists dynamically.  • Used HTML5/HTML, DHTML, CSS and JavaScript to design the dynamic and browser compatible pages.  • Involved in complete System Development Life Cycle (SDLC) - Requirement Analysis, Development, System and Integration Testing.  • Responsible for creating the screens with table less design following W3C standards.  • To maintain the uniformity in all the screens throughout the application and positioning of the screen objects CSS styles are developed.  • Participated with SQA team in bug thrashing sessions to discuss and resolve bugs that were reported in JIRE.  • Responsible for cross-browser compatibility for which worked on different browsers like safari, Internet explorer, Firefox and Google Chrome.  • Created page turning and slider animations on calendar widgets using jQuery and JavaScript.  • Participated in day-to-day meeting, status meeting, strong reporting and effective communication with project manager and developers.  • Designed web pages and used applications that meet business and user goals through a positive user experience. Front end UI developer CNSI - Rockville, MD September 2010 to August 2012 Environment: HTML, XHTML, CSS, JavaScript, Photoshop, Angular.js, Word Press, Dojo, JQUERY, JSON, AJAX, SVN, XML and Eclipse.  Front end UI developer  CNSI Rockville, MD  September 2010 to August 2012  CNSI delivers a broad range of health information technology (IT) enterprise solutions and customizable products to a diverse base of federal and state agencies. We align, build and manage innovative, high-quality, cost-effective solutions that help clients achieve their mission, enhance business performance and improve the health for over 28 million Americans. This project involves in rebuilding the existing system to provide a better user experience as well as richer functionality. The project includes rebuild and redesign of the page layouts, migration from the legacy system, and integration with new functionality according to the business requirements. The new system is more attracting, efficient, and interactive.    Responsibilities:  • Implemented the mock ups and the layouts of the application by working with Photoshop designers and system analyst.  • Designed and developed the web pages using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.  • Dynamic and integrated web pages are created by using JavaScript.  • Involved in designing the templates and themes for the web application.  • Involved in designing and developing the new web components to improve the user experience by using CSS, JavaScript.  • Client-side validation is done by using JavaScript.  • Involved in writing the properties and methods in modules by using the web services.  • Used various jQuery plug-in like Drag/drop, widgets, menus, color picker, auto complete, date picker, document slider to enhance the usability, functionality of the website  • Used HTML/DHTML, CSS, JavaScript to produce high performance, rich and user-friendly Web interface.  • Fixed bugs and provided support services for the application.  • Involved in unit testing and integration testing by interacting with third party codes.  • Created navigation lists using list elements in HTML.    Environment: HTML, CSS, Photoshop, JavaScript, jQuery, Windows and Unix. Education Bachelor's Skills HTML (7 years), JAVASCRIPT (6 years), ANGULAR.JS (6 years), JSON (6 years), AJAX (6 years) Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:  Web Technologies HTML/HTML5, XHTML, DHTML, CSS2/3, SAAS, LESS, JavaScript, Photoshop, jQuery, PHP, JSON, JQX, XML, Word Press, AJAX, React.js, DOJO.  JavaScript Libraries OOJS, D3.js, Angular.JS (1,1.5), Angular.2, React.js, node.js, Bootstrap, MVC, Ruby, Ruby on Rails, vue.js.  Programming Languages C, C++, Java (core), J2EE (Jsp, Servlet), struts.  Application Servers Apache Tomcat, IBM WebSphere Application Server [ ]  Methodologies Scrum, Agile  Operating System Linux, OS/390, UNIX, Windows NT/2000/XP.  Databases SQL Server, PL/SQL, Oracle 9i/8i, MS-Access.  IDE Eclipse IDE, Microsoft Visual Studio, RAD, Sublime Text2, Text Mate, Dreamweaver, Notepad++.  Office Technology Highly Proficient in Microsoft Excel, Word, text editor  Browser IE6, 7 & 8, Firefox, Opera, Chrome, Safari (almost all versions)  Tools Used for Web Developing Atom, Sublime, codeMirror  Others SOAP Web Services, RESTful Web Services, XSD, XSL, XSL-FO, WSDL, JAXP, Xalan, Xerces and Jasper