Sr. Front End/Web Developer Sr. <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span>/Web <span class="hl">Developer</span> Sr. Front End/Web Developer - SA Technologies Inc Santa Clara, CA • Over 7+' experience in the programming, Front- End Web App, and User Interface (UI) development using Angular2, Typescript, ES 6, XHTML, DOJO, JavaScript, Mongo DB, Ember JS, Vanilla JS, Canvas JS, JQuery, AJAX, XML, Ext JS, AngularJS, Node JS, Can JS, Bootstrap, JSON, HTML 4/5, CSS.  • Proficient in developing responsive mobile friendly websites quickly and effectively using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript and jQuery and experience in making them cross browser compatible.  • Worked on React JS Virtual Dom and React views rendering using components which contains additional components called custom HTML tag.  • Designed and created architecture of D3 .JS to React converter and shared state object implementations.  • Experience writing unit test cases using Karma, Mocha and using Protractor to perform end-to- end testing on Angular JS applications.  • Expert level knowledge in Docker and AWS cloud services in the category of deployment.  • Expertise in building strong websites confirming Web 2.0 standards using Yahoo User Interface (YUI) Framework, JQuery, HTML, XHTML, DHTML & CSS to develop valid code and table-free sites  • Developed single page applications using Angular 2, React Redux architecture, web pack and grunt.  • Familiar with Mobile Web Development using jQuery Mobile, swift and Twitter Bootstrap.  • Experience in Applications using AJAX, Object Oriented (OO) JavaScript, Angular JS, Node JS, Kendo UI, Knockout JS, JSON, JSONP, and XML, Spring.  • Experience in using Mobile Frameworks like ionic, Phone Gap, jQuery mobile, Kendo UI for IOS and Android Platforms.  • Experience in Creating wireframes, storyboards, user flows, process flows and site maps to effectively communicate interaction and design ideas.  • Working experience in React flux libraries Redux JS, Vanilla JS and Alt JS.  • Responsive Web Design (RWD) for different types of Devices like tablets, laptop, desktops and mobiles using media queries.  • Knowledge on web application development in Agile, scrum, and Waterfall environment.  • Worked on Responsive Web Design (RWD) and implemented basics level of Angular.js, React JS.  • Involved in using various IDE's like Dreamweaver, WebStorm, IntelliJ, Notepad++, Eclipse, Sublime Text 2, Brackets. and Visual Studio.  • Expert level knowledge on Deployment Using XenApp and Xen Desktop.  • Experience in developing style components with LESS & SASS.  • Experience in working with RESTful Web-Services and implementing RESTful API's.  • Remarkable knowledge of design, normalization and Database Management Concepts.  • Responsible for checking cross browser compatibility, Responsive Web Design and hence worked on different browsers like Safari, Firefox, Google Chrome and Internet Explorer.  • Expert level knowledge in Maven, Jenkins, Nexus and Sitecore in CI&CD.  • Experience with Version Control tools like GITHUB, CVS, VSS and SVN for Source Code version management and merging Source code after intermittent Project releases.  • Mastered the GRUNT and GRUNT commands for building and deploying the project. Used Bower for successfully implementing the dependencies. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr. Front End/Web Developer SA Technologies Inc - Santa Clara, CA March 2016 to Present Responsibilities:  • Developed user interface using JavaScript, jQuery, CSS3, HTML5, Angular JS, Node JS, ES 6, Can JS, Ember JS, CSS Bootstrap, Ext JS, Backbone JS, React JS, Mongo DB.  • Developed Object Oriented JavaScript code and responsible for client side validations using JQuery functions.  • Designed DOM based interactive to reprogram selected links and adopted WCAG 2.0 standards for HTML and XHTML and W3C standards for CSS as well.  • Implemented various recursive algorithms for D3 data retrieval to convert D3 Elements into React Elements in JSX  • Utilizing React JS to develop customer service application to facilitate real time data and report transfer application  • Used the Node JS and Angular JS MVC Frameworks in the development of the web applications.  • Wrote client side validations for DOJO and XML files which checks for the valid values for the different events that are being logged.  • Streamlined the Responsive Web Design to enhance the User Experience and developed designs for the prototypes for the Mobile UI using Kendo UI.  • Websites designed and developed using HTML5, DHTML, Flash, XHTML, CSS 3, Ajax and jQuery based on W3C standards and Web 2.0.  • Involved in running the bower and grunt components and writing the scripting using the Node JS.  • Plotted charts using high chart JS, Ajax, JavaScript, JQuery and MySQL.  • Created JSON objects on the front end to throw data on the server for storing the data into MONGODB.  • Extensively used JavaScript to provide functionality for the user interface.  • Used Track JS and IE developer toolbar for debugging java script and fixing issues.  • Worked on the application developed using HTML5, CSS3, JSON.  • Developed DAOs (Data Access Objects) and SQL queries to support system functionality.  ? Instituted end-to- end testing using Mocha, Chai and the Wardrives JS API.  • Used several jQuery plugins to build Rich Internet Application (RIA) to make it look more intuitive.  • Used JavaScript libraries to create slider and page-turning animations on calendar widgets.    • Used Team Studio and Build Manager tools to develop Notes applications and promote the new design to test environment.  • Extensive work on developing Web application, and Swift which consumed RESTful microservices  • Good knowledge on wireframes, branding loops and UX/UI templates.  • Leveraged angular resources for all data access, encapsulating URLs and standardizing data access interfaces.  • Worked with technologies like jQuery and Ajax to make more attractive and easy to use website  • Involved in the search for errors, broken links and missing images etc. and rectify.  • Mastered the GRUNT and GRUNT commands for building and deploying the project. Used Bower for successfully implementing the dependencies.  • Designed GUI using JQuery, AngularJS, JavaScript, or reusable web component.  • Collaboration with team members design, analysis, coding, testing and review website.  • Coordinated with the business on User Acceptance Tests (UAT) and to get the approval from business on the design changes.  • Implementation of TDD Using Jasmine Testing. Sr. Web Developer /Angular Prosum - Newport Beach, CA January 2014 to March 2016 2.0    Responsibilities:  • Gathered the requirements form client and built an application.  • Implemented Single page application using Angular 2 routes.  • Created Angular 2 custom pipes to format the data before displaying it to the user.  • Used Angular 2 Forms API to get the data from the user.  • Use Node JS Mongo DB, and NPM Package Manager for installing dependencies.  • Used Node JS to run the application in a web server in staging environment.  • involved in creating a reusable component using React JS for DOM manipulation  • Have worked on Angular2 components and Angular 4.0 and worked on POCs.  • Participated in code reviews and given suggestion to other developers.  • Interacted with RESTful Web services using Angular 2 Http Module.  • Involved in creating a reusable component using React JS for DOM manipulation  • Optimized the performance of the application using Bundling and Angular2.  • Worked in Agile Model and participated in sprint daily and retrospective meeting.  • Interacted with service developers to consume the RESTful API's.  • Transformed the Angular 2 response using Angular 2 observables.  • Used CSS3, Bootstrap, to make the application responsive and Rich.  • Implemented Custom Directives and structural Directives using Angular 2.  • Written code on Typescript and ES6 to implement Angular 2 Components.  • Bundled and minified the JavaScript files using Gulp.  • Worked with Html5, CSS3, Bootstrap and Angular 2 to create an application.  • Written Typescript classes to construct angular 2 components.  • Created custom pipes using angular 2 before displaying it to the user.  • Used Directives for angular cross component interaction.  • Interacted with restful services using angular 2 Http modules. Web Developer I Space , Inc - El Segundo, CA November 2012 to January 2014 Responsibilities:  • Responsible for maintaining VSP's CI/CD stack with zero downtime.  • Web design and development, application development using HTML, JavaScript and Dreamweaver.  • Provide day-to-day system administration duties to include installing, configuring, upgrading and troubleshooting CI tools.  • Designed dynamic and multi-browser compatible pages using HTML, CSS, JQuery, and JavaScript.  • Designed and implemented the user interface using HTML5, XHTML, XML, CSS3, ES6, Ember JS JAVASCRIPT, and Angular JS, Node JS, and mongo DB.  • Used Node JS for the services that computed and provided data to the Windows 7/8 and applications after retrieving data from a MongoDB database.  • Built custom data visualizations and reports using front- end technologies, d3. js and AngularJS  • Responsible for ensuring the pattern consistency across all pages.  • Responsible for design and development of the web pages from mock- ups.  • Responsible for creating the screens with table-less designs meeting W3C standards  • Applied J-Query scripts for basic animation and end user screen customization purposes.  • Used AJAX and JSON to make asynchronous calls to the project server to fetch data on the fly.  • Developed the User Interface using HTML 5, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery and AJAX.  • Designed XML files for maintaining contents like video, images and audio and display them in flash application.  • Streamlined the Responsive Web Design to enhance the User Experience and developed designs for the prototypes for the Mobile UI.  • Involved with bug fixing on functionality, performance and designing issues with JavaScript and JQuery  • Created web pages using HTML, CSS, JQuery and JavaScript.  • Implemented Graphs and Charts with animation to represent survey data for MDE Analytics application.  • Creating and implementing Master Classes in Action script 3.0 (based on MVC) for the application.  • Developing XML classes for loading the data from XML files deployed at the server.  • Designed 10 Unique themes with rich and flexible to accommodate different scenarios in which the user Front End/ Web Developer JD Strategies - Sunnyvale, CA September 2010 to November 2012 Responsibilities:  • Responsible for creating efficient design and developing User Interaction screens per the client requirements using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX and JSON.  • Used JavaScript, jQuery for making the web application user interactive.  • Worked with complete redesigns of a daily events website and focused on improving readability, utility, and overall User experience (UX)  • Created UI designs using Web 2.0 standards.  • Responsible for creating the screens with table-less designs meeting W3C standards.  • Developed page layouts, navigation, animation buttons and icons using HTML, CSS and JavaScript.  • Created forms to collect and validate data from the user in HTML and JavaScript.  • Used SOAP in the implementation of Web services.  • Used JavaScript for page functionality, pop up screens and drop down menus on the webpage  • Interfaced with third-party vendors to customize UI/UX solutions.  • Elegantly implemented page designs in standards-compliant dynamic XHTML and CSS.  • Further tasks include management of all MySQL database and all the required tables to store different survey information related to the site. Education Bachelor's in Technology Stanford University Skills JAVASCRIPT (7 years), AJAX (5 years), CSS (5 years), HTML (5 years), jQuery (5 years) Additional Information Skills & Abilities.    Operating System Windows, Mac, Linux, UNIX  Web Technologies  Angular 2, Type script, Angular JS, JavaScript, ES 6, HTML, XHTML, HTML 5, CSS 3, JavaScript, XML, JSON, Ember JS, AJAX, JQUERY, Node JS, DOJO, Bootstrap, Backbone JS, Ext JS, Can JS, Vanilla JS, Mongo DB, React JS/ Redux, Java.    IDE/HTML Editors WebStorm, Notepad++, Adobe Dreamweaver, Sublime Text 2, Eclipse, Brackets.  Database MS SQL, NoSQL, SQL Server, MS-Access.  Debugging Tools Firebug, Firebug Lite, Google Chrome Web Debugger  SDLCs Waterfall, Agile, Scrum.  Graphics Editors Adobe Photoshop CS3, Adobe Illustrator CS3.  Animation Adobe Flash CS3, Adobe Fireworks.