Front- End Web Developer <span class="hl">Front</span>-<span class="hl">End</span> Web <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front- End Web Developer Milwaukee, WI Work Experience Front- End Web Developer Crisis Prevention Institute - Milwaukee, WI November 2012 to July 2019 My main focus at CPI was to re-build the structure of the website while maintaining search relevancy.    I was hired just after CPI purchased two smaller companies, one of which was international, and as the web developer I had to create a solution to combine the content from those sites into CPI's and build a  relationship with the international team so they could maintain the intricacies of their culture.    To help keep CPI relevant in search I tracked SEO errors/issues and worked daily with the copywriting  team to update, correct, and redirect content. Even though we removed nearly 1,000 pieces of old, stale content we were able to strengthen our position of authority.    I also worked closely with the Online Marketing Manager and Marketing Director to develop new ways to capture leads. One system we used was Marketo and in the beginning it was nearly impossible to build  a dynamic, mobile-friendly landing page. I was able to develop multiple user friendly templates that  helped increase our online leads.    Working with the Training and Instructional Design teams I would help produce, edit, and streamline  around 100 webinars and eLearning modules.    Some of my strongest skills are rapidly developing and implementing ideas with little stress and connecting people and teams with far different ways of thinking which allows me to find widely accepted  solutions quickly. Skills Wordpress, Seo, C#, Javascript, Node.js, Webpack, Json, Vs code, Ajax, Asp, Asp.net, Html5, Sass, Ssl, jquery, Http, Sql, Microsoft office Additional Information Skills:    Developing websites in Kentico and WordPress using HTML5, CSS3, JS, along with many other  third-party libraries and tools, such as: jQuery, AJAX, JSON, SASS, Node.js, JavaScript Cookie,  iziModal, OuiBounce, slick, Moment.js, Pikaday  Maintained tens of thousands of pages across multiple cultures (US, CA, UK, IE, AU, NZ)  Setting up advanced user tracking with Google Analytics and Google Tag Manager to better  understand visitor usage, flow, and click analytics.  Experience with the Agile development methodology, bi-weekly sprints, and daily scrums  Develop responsive landing pages with Marketo and setup advanced user tracking  Implemented and maintain technical SEO methods; having a responsive website designed,  advocating to have SSL added, optimizing images and minimizing HTTP requests to increase page  load times  Great analytical and troubleshooting abilities  I regularly use the Microsoft Office Suite, Adobe Creative Cloud, and VS Code  I have a functional understanding of C#/ASP.NET and SQL  I have basic knowledge of React.js. Electron.js, and WebPack