Sr. Angular Developer Sr. Angular <span class="hl">Developer</span> Sr. Angular Developer - Goldman Sachs Columbus, OH ? Around 9+ years of experience in Systems Analysis, Design, Development and implementation of Web and Client/Server and Enterprise Application development.  ? Experience with responsive web development technologies HTML5, CSS, PHP, JavaScript, jQuery, AngularJS, ExpressJS, TypeScript, Angular 4/6 with MongoDB and Firebase, Bootstrap, NodeJS, SASS, JSON and XML.  ? Working Experience with JavaScript ES5 and ES6.  ? Experienced in developing SPA (Single Page Web Applications) using RESTful web services, Ajax, Bootstrap and AngularJS. Used AngularJS markup and expressions and experienced in using Angular UI components.  ? Hands on experience in developing styles using CSS preprocessor SASS.  ? Experience in RDBMS using Oracle and comfortable using databases SQL Server, DB2, MySql, and MS Access.  ? Proficient in programming by using the IDE's such as Eclipse, WebStorm, NetBeans, IntelliJ, Visual Studio Code, Web Strom, Sublime Text, and STS (Spring Tool Suite).  ? Good experience with version controls such as CVS, SVN, and Git.  ? Very good knowledge with ReactJS and Application development.  ? Experience in working with Angular 2/4/6 modules, services, templates, directives, services and dependency injection to create a SPA.  ? Working experience in latest Angular 2/4/6 frame work with TypeScript and MongoDB.  ? Hands on Experience on Angular CLI (Command line Interface).  ? Developed the backend by using Node.js, Express and MongoDB.  ? Experience in working with MEAN Stack with REST API development.  ? Highly motivated team player with zeal to learn new technologies and always believes in giving the best of efforts in challenging environments.  ? Good team player and excellent leadership qualities. Hardworking, honest with good interpersonal skills.  ? Excellent analytical, problem solving, communication and inter-personal skills with ability to interact with individuals at ease. Work Experience Sr. Angular Developer Goldman Sachs - New York, NY May 2016 to Present Responsibilities:  ? Worked on some of the new features of Angular 6 like new if else syntax, ng-templates, form validators, Router etc.  ? Created custom elements, HTML imports, shadow DOM to allow fully encapsulated custom elements by using Angular 6.  ? Implemented data-binding and MVC using Angular 4 for front- end development of a current web application.  ? Worked with Http Interceptors configurations for security in Angular 4 applications.  ? Developed the user-interface using web technologies like HTML5, CSS3, TypeScript, JavaScript, KnockoutJS.  ? Worked with Pavlov library of QUnit test framework to write unit tests for Typescript code.  ? Created Typescript reusable components and services to consume REST API's using Component-based architecture provided by Angular 2.  ? Created Mobile and Web Applications using Cordova, Kotlin with React Native, Redux and TypeScript.  ? Developed data insertion forms and validated them using JavaScript.  ? Developed a single page, UI-first, cross-device/cross-browser web application for real-time location sharing utilizing Angular.JS, JavaScript API.  ? Responsible for writing and implementation of JavaScript, AJAX and JQuery to interact with web Services and user controls.  ? Designed dynamic client-side JavaScript codes to build web forms and simulate process for web application, page navigation and form validation.  ? Implemented the AJAX features using frameworks like jQuery, AngularJS, etc.  ? Used Bootstrap and Angular UI Bootstrap for creating rich, Responsive UI Screens for varying screen sizes and devices.  ? Developed front end web applications by using web technologies such as AngularJS, HTML5, PHP, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap.  ? Ability to understand wireframes, UX flows and mockups and use SCSS stylings for making the application more optimized and trendier.  ? Implemented CORS [cross-origin resource sharing], allowing the request through different hosts and JSON formatters for sending data in camelCase.  ? Experience in coding accessible website following the WCAG 2.0 AA standard.  ? Implemented tokenizer and validation framework to prevent cross-site-scripting (XSS) and CSRF attacks across the application.  ? Configured Webpack, Babel and used ES6 features.  ? Wrote modular CSS using SASS with object-oriented approach for reusability of styles throughout the application.  ? Implementing fully resonsive mobile first UI elements leveraging Less/Sass for styling.  ? Worked with web services, and StateManagement, caching features, configuring optimizations and securing the web application.  ? Used GreenDao to persist data across all Activity and Fragment Service lifecycles.  ? Worked on customizing the UI Components to make compatible for complex requirements.  ? Created multi custom directives by defining Angular 5 directives.  ? Experience with creating custom directives, decorators, and services to interface with both restful and SOA services.  ? Developed template and reactive forms.  ? Developed front- end components using Angular6, TypeScript, Angular Material and NgRx-bootstrap and Node.  ? Implementing HTTP requests using Rxjs Observable library to handle multiple values over time.  ? Built a custom cross-platform architecture using Java, Spring Core/MVC, and Hibernate.  ? Written SQL Queries to interact with Oracle database.  ? Performed CRUD operations like Update, Insert and Delete data in NoSQL database like MongoDB.  ? Automate test cases using the built in framework in Selenium Web Driver using Netbeans IDE.  ? Have worked on AWS S3 Browser for pushing files to the cloud.  ? Used JIRA to keep track of bugs to reduce downtime, increase productivity, and Communication.  ? Implemented a Continuous Delivery framework using Jenkins, Puppet in Linux environment.  ? Leveraged collaboration tools for communication across distributed teams using tools like Zoom, Vidyo, Github, Slack, Confluence and Jira.  ? Developer support for the project consists of issue and project management via JIRA, Visual Studio, Selenium, Cordova.    Environment: Angular 2+, Typescript, Javascript, HTML5, CSS, Ajax, Bootstrap, AngularJS, SCSS, CORS, WCAG, XSS, Jquery, ES6, SASS, LESS, ngrx, RxJS, Redux, Java, Spring, Hibernate, Oracle, MYSql, MongoDB, Webservices, Rest, NodeJS, ExpressJS, Visual Studio, Webpack, Nginx, GitLab, Github, Selenium, Scrum, Agile, AWS, Jenkins, Docker, Kubernetes, XML, JSON, Jira, Rally, Linux, Slack, Ionic, Cordova. Sr. Angular Developer Symphony Communication Services - Palo Alto, CA October 2014 to April 2016 Responsibilities:  ? Worked with Angular 6 directives, components, pipes, injectables.  ? Created Angular 6 custom pipes to format the data before displaying it to the user.  ? Used Angular 4 Forms API to get the data from the user.  ? Developed custom reusable Angular 4 components.  ? Spearheaded adoption of new principles such as responsive design, mobile first and adaptive design using Angular5 libraries using Typescript.  ? Involved in creating Typescript reusable components and services to consume REST API's using Component-based architecture provided by Angular 5.0.  ? Used Web pack to build Typescript modules.  ? Solid understanding of TypeScript and developed multiple POC's using Angular versions.  ? Developed a multi-user web application using JSP, JSTL, Action Forms, Action Classes, Javascript and JDBC to provide the needed functionality.  ? Developed web pages using HTML/CSS and Javascript.  ? Used JavaScript for developing UI Components like Editable drop down, data-driven menu customizations.  ? Designed and modified User Interfaces using Javascript, and CSS.  ? Proficient in developing web pages with HTML5/CSS3 from PSD template.  ? Used Axios with React for making AJAX Calls.  ? Worked with Responsive Web design using Bootstrap.JS.  ? Designed Frontend with in object oriented JavaScript Framework like Backbone.JS and AngularJS.  ? Implemented User Friendly UI design with HTML5, SCSS, Jquery, and JavaScript for client-side validation and form submission functions.  ? Used CORS to allow websites to share resources across domains safely and securely.  ? Designed DOM based interactive to reprogram selected links and adopted WCAG 2.0 standards.  ? Followed best standards and practices for development for sanitizing user input, for preventing webapplication from attacks such as SQL injection, cross-site scripting (XSS).  ? Experienced with ES6 specifications.  ? Developing CSS Style for web pages using SASS.  ? Used LESS and media queries to create a responsive website that fit all users and devices from desktop to tablet and mobile phone.  ? Worked with ASP.NetWebforms, Masterpages, Webservices, Statemanagement, caching features, configuring optimizations and securing the web application.  ? Good hands on experience on ITIL, ITSM framework, strong understanding of the ITIL framework and all phases of the service lifecycle.  ? Slide-up and slide-down components Using JQuery frameworks.  ? Created custom directives, decorators, and services to interface with both Restful and legacy network services also DOM applications.  ? Used @Input, @Output, @Viewchild decorators, and local reference to do component communications.  ? Designed and implemented State Management using NgRx.  ? Used RxJs observables throughout the services.  ? Created Single Page Application (SPA) using Angular with Redux architecture.  ? Implemented Hibernate ORM tool integration with Spring MVC and Java to interact with back end persistence system Oracle.  ? Used mongoose for accessing for mongodb object models from node.js, for rendering in UI.  ? Used Git and Webpack to implement the work environment and manage projects.  ? Developed automation test cases using Java and selenium on Eclipse for web 2.0 Ajax application.  ? Handled operations and maintenance support for AWS cloud resources.  ? Worked on node modules to serve the web application with JSON data.  ? Excellent work experience in agile process JIRA and daily standup to sync up with team for current sprint status.  ? Installation of Linux Operating System using text mode, graphical and through network installation using kick-start installation.  ? Researching JavaScript based frameworks like React Native and Ionic/Cordova for frontend.    Environment: Angular 2+, Typescript, Javascript, HTML5, CSS, Ajax, Bootstrap, AngularJS, SCSS, CORS, WCAG, XSS, CORS, Jquery, ES6, SASS, LESS, ngrx, RxJS, Redux, React, Java, Spring, Hibernate, Oracle, MYSql, MongoDB, NOSQL, Webservices, Rest, NodeJS, Webpack, Websphere, Github, Chai, Selenium, Jasmine, Karma, Scrum, Agile, AWS, Jenkins, Docker, JSON, XML, Jira, Linux, Hipchat, Ionic, Cordova Sr. Front End Developer Praxent - Austin, TX October 2012 to September 2014 Responsibilities:  ? Created various UI components for different web pages using HTML, and Javascript.  ? Worked on creation of MongoDB databases, collections and deploying JavaScript's using mongo shell.  ? Developing Hybrid applications using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Angular.JS that are cross platform compatible.  ? Coded web applications utilizing programming languages including JavaScript, jQuery, SQL and AJAX.  ? Integrated Bootstrap.JS into several applications for speeding up Javascript development.  ? Implemented WCAG 2.1 level AA compliance across the UI screens.  ? Implemented secure PHP login to protect against potential attacks including XSS attacks, session hijacking, brute force attacks  ? Used Java, Spring, Hibernate integration to interact with Data base layer using DAO's  ? Implemented Struts MVC design pattern as part of this project along with EXTJs for validations and controllers.  ? Used Stored Procedures, Query optimization for calling API's from Oracle DB.  ? Deployed GUI code to WebLogic application environment and standalone components to JBoss Server.  ? Used Continuous integration tools like Hudson, Jenkins and developing the architectural flow of using SVN to CI.  ? Used testing strategies such as TDD, including knowledge of JSUnit and/or Selenium.  ? Designed and deployed AWS using EC2, S3, RDS, EBS, Elastic Load Balancer and Auto scaling groups.  ? Used JIRA as management tool and GIT as a version control.  ? Installation, troubleshooting and changing the kernel parameters in Linux Systems.  ? Configured Alert manager to send alerts to HipChat.  ? Effectively works on mobile application development frameworks like Apache Cordova and PhoneGap.    Environment: AngularJS, Javascript, HTML5, CSS, WCAG, XSS, CORS, Java, Spring, Hibernate, Struts, PL/SQL, Oracle, DB2, MongoDB, NOSQL, Webservices, Rest, NodeJS, Visual Studio, Eclipse, Jboss, CVS, SVN, Selenium, Jasmine, Agile, AWS, JSON, XML, Jira, Linux, Hipchat, Cordova. Sr. Front End Developer Square - San Francisco, CA March 2011 to September 2012 Responsibilities:  ? Used JavaScript and XML to update a portion of a web page thus reducing bandwidth usage and load time and add modal dialog in web pages to get user input and requests.  ? Integrated Bootstrap.JS into several applications for speeding up Javascript development.  ? Interacted with Java to create the web services that are to be consumed by HTML5 web pages.  ? Used HTML, CSS, Ajax to design the website content.  ? Experience in making Responsive web pages using Bootstrap and media queries.  ? Used JavaScript, HTML, DHTML and CSS for developing Web Pages.  ? Actively involved in designing, developing and testing of J2EE components like Java Beans, Java, XML, Collection Framework, JSP, spring and Hibernate.  ? Used WSAD for writing code for JSP, Servlets, and Struts.  ? Used Jooq as jdbc framework to do queries and call stored procedures on a Oracle database.  ? Development of custom modules using PHP, AJAX, Javascript, Spring, Hibnerate, MongoDB, Jquery, JSON.  ? Integrated with the back- end RESTFUL Services using AJAX to perform GET and POST data to backend servers.  ? Developed ANT scripts to build and deploy the application in the JBOSS Application Server.  ? Worked on building data center with AWS and Installed SVN.  ? Developed automation test scripts for the web GIS applications using selenium and Java.  ? Experience with project management tool, source/version control such as: Team Foundation Server, JIRA, GIT and Mecurial.    Environments: Javascript, HTML5, CSS, Bootstrap, Ajax, Dhtml, Java, Spring, Hibernate, Struts, PL/SQL, Oracle, DB2, MongoDB, NOSQL, Webservices, Soap Rest, Eclipse, Jboss, CVS, SVN, Selenium, Waterfall, AWS, JSON, XML, Jira, Linux, Hipchat Software Developer RXBenefits - Birmingham, AL January 2010 to February 2011 Responsibilities:  ? Worked on various UI technologies like JSF, HTML, CSS, JavaScript and JSP tag libraries.  ? Used JavaScript concepts to validate input fields using regular expression.  ? Worked with Spring Batch Used Spring ORM module to integrate with Hibernate.  ? Used Bootstrap along with CSS to design web-pages by HTML.  ? Used Web services (SOAP and RESTful) for transmission of large blocks of XML/JSON.  ? Worked on DOM manipulation using JavaScript, jQuery and AJAX.  ? Worked with CSS background, CSS Layouts, CSS positioning, CSS text, CSS border, CSS margin, CSS padding, Pseudo elements and CSS behaviors.  ? Tested the application under Scrum (Agile) Methodology.    Environment: Java, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, DHTML, DOM, JSON, Bootstrap, AJAX, PLSQL, Oracle.    Visa Status: U.S. Citizen. Education Master's Skills AngularJS (7 years)