UI Developer UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> UI Developer San Jose, CA Work Experience UI Developer AutoZone - Memphis, TN August 2017 to May 2018 Responsibilities:    • Designed and developed the login portal using framework Angular 2 along with HTML5, CSS3 and Type Script.  • Created Typescript reusable components and services to consume REST API's using Component based architecture provided by angular 2.  • Implemented HTTP requests using Rxjs Observable library to handle multiple values over time.  • Worked with diverse team of product owners and UX designers in fast paced environment, with quick iterative cycles.  • Implemented Angular Router to enable navigation from one view to the next as user performs application tasks.  • Used Gulp as the build task runner to build and package the application.  • Involved in writing application level code to interact with APIs, Web Services using AJAX, JSON and XML.  • Written unit test scripts for controllers, filters and services using karma and Jasmine.  • Expertise using WCAG 2.0 Technical Standards for Web Accessibility.  • Extensively used NPM and Bower to manage java script dependencies.  • Used Web pack to build Typescript modules.  • Extensively used Gulp and Bower to manage daily development.  • Developed the pages that are complaint to W3C standard.  • Experience in accessible analysis, design, and testing.  • Responsible for quality assurance of finished websites including the validation of web forms and links.  • Updated the website from time to time for special Requirements.  • Created reusable templates and style sheets based on UI standards and guidelines; Performed functional tasks using specifications and wireframes.  • Extensively used Debugging JavaScript using Chrome developer Toolbar, Jet Brains Web Storm.  Environment: HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, SASS, Bootstrap3, Typescript, Angular2, jQuery, AJAX, JSON, Responsive Web Design, Gulp, Bower, NPM, Jasmine, Karma, IIS, Fiddler. Front end developer Apple - Sunnyvale, CA March 2016 to July 2017 Responsibilities:    • Involved in building a high efficiency Dynamic Single and Multiple Pages Web Application using HTML, HTML5, JavaScript, ReactJS, Node.js, Bootstrap, and CSS3.  • Used ReactJS to create views to hook up models to the DOM and synchronize data with server as a Single Page Application (SPA).  • Develop enterprise applications using JS library React.js and Redux  • Involved in writing application level code to interact with APIs, RESTful Web Services  • Used Bootstrap-material design framework to develop a Responsive web application.  • Making validations, session maintaining using HTML5 validations and bootstrap session maintaining option.  • Ran the standalone front- end application in Grunt Server task runner.  • Responsible for checking cross browser compatibility and hence worked on different browsers like safari, Internet explorer, Firefox and Google chrome.  • Unit testing of application at development phase to make sure of the functionality on different devices using Jasmine.  • Moving the code base to integration by maintaining resources in team site repository.  • Updated the website from time to time for special requirements.  • Actively participated and provided feedback in a constructive and insightful manner during weekly Iterative review meetings to track the progress for each iterative cycle and figure out the issues.  • Involved in Agile process, two-week Sprints, and daily stand-up to discuss the development of the application.  Environment: HTML 4/5, CSS2/3, JavaScript, ReactJS, Redux, Bootstrap, Grunt, Jasmine, GIT, NPM, Jira UI Developer Pixels Infotech - Hyderabad, Telangana September 2012 to July 2014 Responsibilities:    ? Attended Daily stand-up meetings (Scrum), Estimation meetings and Requirement review meetings to analyse requirements for project.  ? Built rich prototypes & applications using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, AJAX, JSON, AngularJS, and Bootstrap.  ? Responsible for splitting the UI logic into Angular JS MVC Architecture Views, Models and Controllers.  ? Responsible for estimations, code reviews and build deployments.  ? Used best coding practices and naming conventions while writing code in AngularJS, CSS and HTML.  ? Used Angular JS Http Request to read data from web services and process JSON data to render in the UI.  ? Followed JIRA for tracking processes and streamlining agile planning.  ? Responsible for checking cross browser compatibility.  ? Extensively used Git for version controlling and regularly pushed the code to Git hub.  ? Designed dynamic client-side JavaScript codes to build web forms and simulate process for web application, page navigation and form validation.  ? Handled REST API calls with AJAX and processed JSON and XML data responses to format, validate and display to the user.  ? Responsible for Cross Browser compatibility and writing unit test cases using Jasmine.  ? Involved in coding pages with best Search Engine Optimization (SEO) techniques.  ? Fixed bugs and provided support services for the application and Tested/Debugged web browser using Firebug.    Environment: HTML, CSS, SASS, JavaScript, jQuery, AngularJS, Jasmine, Karma, JIRA and GIT. Front end Web Developer I2 space Technologies - Hyderabad, Telangana June 2010 to August 2012 Responsibilities:    • Involved in various phases of Software Development Life Cycle, such as requirements gathering, modeling.  • Involved in the complete Software Development Life Cycle(SDLC) including analysis, design and implementation of the Administration and billing module of the project..  • Designed an application which is a web based application through which students who are trying to obtain admission to a university can have a proper portal for all their queries until they are admitted.  • Designed by analyzing all the system architecture, including hardware and software requirements that are needed for the functional implementation.  • Developed by using HTML, CSS, JavaScript and Fusion tables  • Developed front end Applications using HTML, CSS  • Written SQL Queries to interact with MySQL database.  • Developed UI for responses from API's for third party integration (JSON file format).  • Applied data visualization by dynamic graphs & charts with data fetched form JSON objects.  Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JSON, Fusion Tables, Eclipse, XML, Explorer, Chrome, Firefox, Windows. Education Masters Computer Science Wilmington University January 2016 Skills Visual studio, Git, Html, Javascript, Ecmascript 6, Reactjs, Typescript, Jenkins, Json, Svn, Xml, Ajax, Css, Tomcat, Ui web, Weblogic, Angularjs, Html5, Eclipse, Java Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:    UI Web Technologies  HTML/HTML5, XHTML, XML, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript, AngularJS, Angular2,4, ReactJS, NodeJS, AJAX, jQuery, JSON, DOM, ECMAScript 6, Typescript and java.    Version Control Tools GIT, SVN, Bit Bucket  Databases Oracle 10g, MySQL, MongoDB  Operating Systems Windows XP/Vista/7/8, MAC OS X, Ubuntu, LINUX, UNIX  Web/App Server Apache Tomcat, WebLogic  Testing & Debugging Tools JIRA, Firebug, Google Chrome Web Debugger, IE developer Tools, jest, Jasmine, Karma, Mocha, Chai, Jenkins.  Workflow Tool kit Grunt, Gulp.  IDE's Notepad++, Eclipse IDE, Sublime Text Editor, Atom, Visual Studio Code, web storm