Front End Developer/React JS Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span>/React JS <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End Developer/React JS Developer - Visa • Around 6+ years of professional experience in developing and designing User Interface for web applications with deep insight using HTML 4/5, CSS2/3, Bootstrap, JavaScript, AngularJS1.x, Angular 2/4, ReactJS, jQuery, AJAX, JSON, NodeJS.  • Excellent knowledge in CSS with preprocessors like LESS and SASS.  • Experience in creating web applications using Angular 1.x/2.0 and ReactJS.  • Developed web applications like message posting and auto complete form valuations using JSON, AJAX, and DOM scripting.  • Developed Responsive web design (RWD) using Media Queries and Bootstrap.  • Expertise in JavaScript coding and developed various Client-side validation libraries using JavaScript.  • Expert in working with JavaScript frameworks and libraries like AngularJS, ReactJS, NodeJS, jQuery, JSON, AJAX and Restful services.  • Experience in using various jQuery controls and corresponding Event handlers etc.  • Good experience in JavaScript MVC framework like AngularJS.  • Extensive experience in developing single-page applications using JavaScript frameworks like AngularJS and Bootstrap.  • Strong experience in using React JS along with Redux and Flux for creating reusable UI components.  • Experience in NodeJS modules like grunt, bower to integrate with designs and requirements  • Used Webpack for client-side and server-side development with NodeJS.  • Created a dashboard using Bootstrap 3.0, UsedD3.js for charting, jQuery and JavaScript for creating view models.  • Expertise in Client Side designing and validations using HTML, DHTML and Java Script.  • Excellent skills in creating and accessing various databases using MongoDB.  • Pleasant experience working in health care, media, commercial and broadcasting domains.  • Expert-level knowledge of cross-browser, cross-platform compatibility and design constraints and Google analytics.  • Used Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment tools such as Jenkins.  • Knowledge on configuring, deploying and automating instances on cloud environments like AWS.  • Implemented test driven development using Testing tools like Grunt/Gulp.  • Used GIT, SVN for Version controlling, error reporting and project management tools JIRA.  • Worked on Unit test by Test-Driven Development (TDD), writing test cases using Jasmine, QUnit, Karma, Mocha, Chai and Protractor for E2E testing.  • Experience on working with CSS Backgrounds, CSS Layouts, CSS Positioning, CSS Animations, CSS Text, CSS Borders, CSS Margin, CSS Padding, CSS Table, Pseudo Classes and Pseudo Elements.  • Strong Experience in dealing with CSS Animations, Backgrounds, Layouts, Positioning, Text, Border, Padding and CSS Box Model.  • Implemented Ecommerce digital transformation for client teams to innovative solutions.  • Dedicated team Player with excellent, communication and Interpersonal skills.  • Experience in complete software SDLC which includes requirement gathering, coding, design, analysis, testing using Agile involved in daily SCRUM meetings and Sprint cycles. Work Experience Front End Developer/React JS Developer Visa - Austin, TX July 2018 to Present Responsibilities:  ? Involved in designing and developing the web pages using HTML 5, CSS3, JavaScript, Bootstrap, SASS, LESS, React JS, Redux, Node JS, and Mongo DB.  ? Designed CSS templates for use in all pages on the website working with CSS Background, positioning, text, border, margin, padding, and table.  ? Worked on ReactJS Virtual Dom and React views, rendering using components which contains additional components called custom HTML tags.  ? Involved to implement various screens for the front end using Reactjs and used various predefined components from NPM (Node Package Manager) and Redux library.  ? Worked in using React JS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, Animations, and Redux concept.  ? Used React-Router to turn application into Single Page Application  ? Worked in using React JS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, Animations and Flux concept.  ? Used Web services (SOAP and RESTful) for transmission of large blocks of XML/JSON.  ? Maintained states in the stores and dispatched the actions using Redux.  ? Implemented the Drag and Drop functionality using React-Dnd.  ? Component for UX-Library consisted of Button, Checkbox, Input, Icons, Toggle Button, Dropdown, Multi-Level Dropdown and many more.  ? In Phase Two, worked closely with the Back- End team to display data using the Custom Components, library Components, and Redux.  ? Used Middleware, NodeJS in application to retrieve data from Back- End and to also perform RESTFUL services.  ? Added Dynamic Functionality by creating and dispatching Action Creators that deployed Actions.  ? Created and used Reducers that received said Actions to modify the Store State Tree.  ? Worked with backend engineers to optimize existing API calls to create efficiencies by deprecating unneeded API calls.  ? Called the Restful web services calls for POST, PUT, DELETE and GET methods.  ? Used React flux to polish the data and for single directional flow.  ? Used Object Oriented Programming concepts to develop UI components that could be reused across the Web Application.  ? Extensively used Git for version controlling and regularly pushed the code to GitHub and was responsible to resolve the code conflicts.  ? Used Web pack, Babel, grunt and gulp for transpiration (compilation) configuration for Typescript to be converted to JavaScript.  ? For Responsive Web design used Bootstrap to build grids, layouts and components. Used Bootstrap components like dropdown menus, navigation bar, alerts, and labels.  ? Used GIT bash commands to clone the project from bit bucket.  ? Worked with several open-source libraries based on ReactJS for efficient and expedited project delivery.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, TypeScript, jQuery, Bootstrap, SASS, React JS, Redux, Flex Node JS, JSP, Web-Pack, GitHub, Karma, Jasmine, Agile Front End Developer Credit Suisse - Morrisville, NC November 2017 to June 2018 Responsibilities:    • Built Web pages that are more user-interactive using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, NodeJS, Angular 2 and Angular 4/5.  • Responsible in transforming the wireframes and mockups to develop web pages.  • Designed and Developed User Interactive single page web applications (SPA) using Angular5.  • Implemented Angular features like components, directives, pipes, services and adopted new features from Angular 5 in our application.  • Created rich web UIs that merge with back- end components using JavaScript and Angular 5 in conjunction with HTML5 & CSS3 and Used Material Design library for Rich UI/UX designs.  • For the data communication between various components used Input, output, directives and shared services.  • For the better user navigation between the components used routing feature using router module.  • Implemented Template Driven Forms and Model Driven Forms including Form controls and custom form validations in the application.  • Created Custom Directive for Type ahead search facility using RXJS and Angular which can be attached in any input field.  • Used open source library like Angular material to create customized components.  • Used NgRx store to setup an immutable data structure and makes consistent applications on top of Angular.  • Implemented the Lazy Loading of the modules to optimize the overall application speed.  • Implemented TDD (Test Driven Development) approach by using testing tools such as Jasmine, Karma.  • Well experienced in checking cross-browser compatibility for different versions of IE, chrome, Firefox, Safari.  • Used component-based architecture to develop reusable Angular components.  • Used Bootstrap 4 to style the web pages and make the application responsive.  • Used CSS SASS preprocessor and created various mixins, variables, custom fonts and directives.  • Used GIT for version controlling systems.  • Worked in Agile methodology, two weeks Sprint and daily Scrums to discuss the development of the application to deliver in time.    Environment:HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, Web services, Angular 4/5, D3.js, JavaScript, JSON, Git, Karma, Jasmine, Jira, Node.js, NPM Front End Developer TransAmerica - Rapids, IA, US January 2017 to October 2017 Responsibilities:  ? Involved in fixing bugs in existing components and making them uniform in all browsers.  ? Designed the front end applications, user interactive web pages in a professional manner with using web technologies like HTML, DHTML, XHTML, XSL, XSLT and CSS.  ? The project operates on agile project development cycle with Bi-weekly sprints, daily standup, retrospective sessions and sprint planning.  ? Involved in requirement gathering, designing, development, UI reviews, and maintenance.  ? Designed and developed the agent portal using framework Angular 2/4 along with HTML5, CSS3, and Typescript.  ? Built highly reusable UI components with Angular 2/4 and Styled Components to increase scalability and reusability.  ? The portal is made responsive using CSS3, preprocessors like SASS, Bootstrap, and media queries to support desktop and tablets.  ? Written modular, secure, and well-tested front- end code in Typescript, HTML5 and CSS using the latest web.  ? Created typescript reusable components and services to consume REST API's using Component based architecture provided by Angular 4.  ? Effective use of CSS3 features, such as creating multiple column, borders and background, etc. and used SASS Preprocessor.  ? Expertise in using Node Packaged Modules (NPM) and Bower.  ? Used Data Tables, a table plug-in for jQuery, to display the data in tables along with pagination.  ? Used tools like Grunt, Gulp and Webpack as task runners and orchestrators for the build process.  ? Used NodeJS to run Grunt tasks and build properly the project (compile, minify, concat etc.)  ? Implement modules into Node JS to integrate with designs and requirements.  ? Built backend REST API with NodeJS.  ? Used Dependency Injection (DI) from AngularJS factories and services  ? Developed test cases for TDD in QUnit, Karma and Jasmine.  ? Interacted with the back- end staff and scrum master at the daily meeting for new features in this web app using agile software development methodology.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Angular JS 1.x, Node JS, Web-Pack, Jasmine,  Karma, Grunt, web storm Frontend Developer Traveltek Group Ltd - Hyderabad, Telangana January 2014 to August 2015 Responsibilities:  ? Translate designs provides by UI creative design team into functional user interfaces, ensuring cross browser compatibility and performance.  ? Designed and developed user friendly interface by using JavaScript, HTML, CSS, jQuery  ? Designed flash plugins for including different functionalities and content.  ? Worked on integrating jQuery APIs with MVC pattern.  ? Used AJAX frameworks like jQuery, JSON to develop rich GUIs and involved in performance tuning the website.  ? Involved in bug fixing on functionality, performance and designing issues with JavaScript and jQuery.  ? Involved in debugging HTML, CSS and JS code using tools such as Chrome Inspector, and Firefox Firebug.  ? Handled browser compatibility issues in browser such as IE, Firefox, and Chrome.  ? Used Grunt with Grunt file to minify the JS file in whole application.  ? Prepared Unit and System Testing Specification documents and performed Unit and System testing of the application.  ? Reviewed the code for ensuring adherence to Java coding standards.  ? Developing XML classes for loading the data from XML files deployed at the server.  ? Worked with Jasmine in testing and performed Unit testing and execution testing utilizing JUNIT.  ? Developed UI pages using media queries and made completely responsive.  ? Reviewed the code foe ensuring adherence to Java coding standards.  ? Worked with the team of architects and back- end developers to gather requirements and enhance the application functionality and add new features.    Environment: JavaScript, HTML, CSS, AJAX, jQuery, Jasmine, Grunt, Unit testing, GIT, JUnit Web Developer I Labs - Hyderabad, Telangana June 2011 to December 2013 Responsibilities:  ? Built rich prototypes for designing and developing dynamic web pages using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript and jQuery, Ajax, JSON, and Bootstrap.  ? Used HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Ajax, JSON, and Bootstrap extensively for redesigning the internal web pages and applications.  ? Created Pseudo elements and CSS3 Border, CSS3 Background, CSS3 Transitions.  ? Worked with jQuery Fusion Charts for generating reports.  ? Extensively used CSS to change the styles to be used in future web layouts and debugging the errors issues with CSS.  ? Successfully executed all the test cases and fixed any bugs/issues identified during the test cycles.  ? Optimizing the website using search strategies like link building, online submissions, social bookmarking.  ? Usage of AJAX programming to interface with MYSQL database.  ? Making website GUI design by using Twitter Bootstrap.  ? Maintain the code base by frequent updates to revision using GIT version control system.  ? Performed cross browser compatibility check and thoroughly performed unit testing using Karma and Jasmine.  ? Developed test cases for TDD in QUnit, Karma and Jasmine.  ? Involved in various phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) using Agile Methodology.    Environment: JavaScript, JQuery, HTML5, CSS3, Ajax, JSON, JQuery Fusion Charts, Bootstrap, Jasmine, Karma, Web Service, Grunt, Agile Education Bachelor's in Computer Science Vinayaka Missionsm University - Salem, Tamil Nadu Master's in Computer Science Chicago State University - Chicago, IL Skills CSS (6 years), JAVASCRIPT (6 years), jQuery (6 years), Git (5 years), JSON (5 years) Additional Information Technologies  HTML, HTML 5, XHTML, XML, XSL, XSLT, JavaScript, jQuery, Angular JS, Angular2, NodeJS, ReactJS, AJAX JSON, CSS, CSS3, Bootstrap, UI Concept Modeling/Wire framing, Restful Web Services.    Frameworks AngularJS, Bootstrap, ReactJS  IDE's NetBeans, Visual Studio, Notepad++, Dreamweaver, Eclipse, WebStorm  Work Flow Responsive Web Design, Single Page App, Typescript  Web servers HTTP Web Server, RESTful Services  Operating System Windows, Mac, Linux  Tools Grunt, Gulp, QUnit, Jasmine, Mocha, Karma, Enzyme, Protractor (E2E)    Methodologies Agile, Scrum, Waterfall  Version Controls GIT, SVN