Front End (UI) Web developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> (UI) Web <span class="hl">developer</span> Sr Front End (UI) Web developer Chicago, IL • Around 6 years of experience in Design, Development and Implementation of Web and Client/Server and Enterprise Application development.  • Excellent working knowledge and thorough exposure on compatibility issues with different versions of browsers like IE, Mozilla FF, and Chrome.  • Experience with responsive web development technologies HTML5, CSS3, PHP, JavaScript, jQuery, AngularJS, TypeScript, Angular 4/5/6 with MongoDB and Firebase, Bootstrap, NodeJS, SASS, JSON and XML.  • Experience in working with Angular 4/5/6 modules, services, templates, directives, services and dependency injection to create a SPA.  • AJAX driven web service calls using JavaScript and jQuery framework.  • Experience in Developing Applications Using CSS 3 Media Queries, SASS, LESS and Responsive Web Design making the Web Pages Fluid across Multiple Devices. (Grid, Fluid layouts and Break Point Approaches)  • Good Understanding of Document Object Model (DOM) and DOM Functions.  • Expertise in Client Side designing and validations using HTML5, CSS and Java Script.  • Designed and developed HTML Wrappers using HTML5, JavaScript and CSS3.  • Skilled in working with software tools like Dreamweaver and Microsoft Visual Studio.  • Sound Understanding and good Experience with Object Oriented JavaScript and Implementation.  • Good Experience working with High Traffic Websites.  • Knowledge of complete SDLC of the project involving Design, Development, Testing and Implementation of the Project.  • Extensively worked on agile methodology.  • Proficient in database development: MySQL, PostgreSQL  • Experience in development tools like Net Beans IDE, MS Visual Studio 2015, Sublime Editor and Adobe Dreamweaver.  • Knowledge on building and maintaining approximately 100 LAMP-based web applications, WordPress and custom PHP sites, and AngularJS mobile apps built with Cordova  • Strong communication skills, time management and Team skills with an intention to work hard to meet project deadlines in a fast-paced environment. Work Experience Front End (UI) Web developer TW metals - Chicago, IL August 2018 to Present • Worked on some of the new features of Angular 6 like new if-else syntax, ng-templates, form validators, Router etc.  • Created custom elements, HTML imports, shadow DOM to allow fully encapsulated custom elements by using Angular 6.  • Implemented databinding and MVC using Angular 5 for front- end development of a current web application.  • Created Typescript reusable components and services to consume REST API's using Component-based architecture provided by Angular 4.  • Developed the User Interface using HTML 5, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery and AJAX.  • Working with Angular.js routers, forms, modules, DOM, events, expressions, controllers, filters and Http request.  • Heavily Involved in UI Responsive Designs of the project, used HTML, jQuery, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript and DOJO, Bootstrap, Node.Js.  • Designed XML files for maintaining contents like video, images and audio and display them in Flash Application  • Used AJAX and JSON to make asynchronous calls to the project server to fetch data on fly  • Following agile methodology with daily standups and regular sprints and used JIRA for tracking tasks and bugs.  • Involved with bug fixing on functionality, performance and designing issues with JavaScript and JQuery  • Worked on pop up screens and dropdown menus on web pages using JavaScript, CSS3, jQuery, and AJAX to make UI functional.  • Writing Unit test cases using Jasmine, Karma for Angular 2 components and implemented Angular CLI with production bundling.  • Created AngularJS Controller which Isolate scopes perform operations in UI.  • Wrote modular CSS using SASS with object-oriented approach for reusability of styles throughout the application.  • Implementing fully responsive mobile first UI elements leveraging Less/Sass for styling Worked with source version control GIT to manage the code repository.  • Built Single Page Applications (SPA), Responsive Web Design (RWD) UI and HTML Wireframes using HTML5 Grid Structures/Layouts, CSS3 Media Queries, Ajax, Angular JS, and Bootstrap.  • Used Angular JS to develop MVC app [Models, Views and Controllers] that integrated with the back- end REST-FUL Services using AJAX ($http) to perform GET and POST data to backend servers.  • Responsible for all client-side UI Validation and implementing Business logic based on user selection using jQuery, jQuery UI and Angular JS Front End (UI) Web developer AstraZeneca - Philadelphia, PA January 2017 to July 2018 • Designing and developing the business portal using Angular 4/5 along with HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript and Type Script.  • Used JQuery to make the HTML, CSS interact with JavaScript functions to add dynamism to the web page.  • Creating Angular 2 components and custom directives for application functionality and pipes for heavy DOM manipulation and implemented lazy loading and AOT to improve application quality and performance in low bandwidth connections.  • Worked extensively on Angular 2, Typescript SPA domains  • Worked with backend programmers to troubleshoot Java Script related issues with front- end connectivity  • Messaging front and back API interfacing using Tibco or MQ middleware for Market Data storage to Data Warehousing, backend Sybase, Oracle on UNIX or Application Servers for Web development of Product for Intranet clients.  • Worked one-on-one with client to develop layout, color scheme for his website and implemented it into a final interface design with the HTML5/CSS3 & JavaScript using Dreamweaver along with front end part widget seen on page and app.  • Utilized various JQUERY plugins to build Rich Internet Application (RIA) to make it look more intuitive, additionally using to create plugins auto complete, validation, drag and drop and more exceptionally used jQuery template for markup.  • Used Ajax, JSON with jQuery for request data and response processing and successfully implemented Auto Complete/Auto Suggest functionality using Ajax, JQuery, DHTML, Web Service call and JSON.  • Used the Node.js and AngularJS MVC Frameworks in the development of the web applications  • Involved Finding out the bugs, broken links and missing images etc. and rectifying them.  • Designed the email blasts using Adobe software and then implemented them using HTML and Java script.  • Demonstrated implementation and up-gradation of JavaScript Library. Involved in configuring the Git repository and maintain the version control using Git.  • Implemented AJAX functionality to speed up web application.  • Used Firebug to debug JavaScript, to analyze DOM objects of the page and to change the page layout  • Widely used Optimization technique in existing code  • Used JSON for data transfer between front end and back end  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, SASS, JavaScript, Angular 2/4/5, RxJS, Typescript, Agile, Bootstrap, REST API's, Webservices, Jasmine, Karma, JIRA and Visual Studio, Node.js. Web developer GAA Speed Jet - Mumbai, Maharashtra July 2014 to June 2016 • Interacted with key players and stakeholder to understand their existing applications and understand scope and deliverables of the project.  • Overviewed and reassessed the design of the existing application and draft a new architecture with team.  • Designed CSS based page layouts that are cross-browser compatible and standards-compliant  • Developed HTML prototypes and ready XHTML documents with CSS style sheets  • Created reusable HTML templates and style sheets based on UI standards and guidelines. Performed functional tasks using specifications and wireframes.  • Developed data formatted web applications and deploy the script using client-side scripting using JavaScript  • Used Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) to maintain design consistency across all web forms  • Designed dynamic client-side JavaScript codes to build web forms & simulate process for web application, page navigation and form validation  • Developed web pages with functionalities like login, register, forget password, Filters using Java Script and HTML  • Developed code to call the web service/APIs to fetch the data and populate on the UI using JQUERY/AJAX.  • Worked on AJAX controls like Update Panel to manage the post back of the web page to server, AJAX Script Manager and Script Manager Proxy controls to register JavaScript and web service files.  • Used MySQL to access and update data from the database  • Carried out extensive verification and testing to set MySQL database free from SQL injections throughout course of database development and management  • Created admin for data manipulation and reports using PHP, MySQL, and HTML    Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, Angular JS, Bootstrap, JSON, Perl, Ajax, Photoshop, MVC Web developer Intern ProCAE - Chennai, Tamil Nadu July 2013 to May 2014 • Responsible for development of front- end code variations and creation of responsive landing pages using HTML, CSS & JavaScript by translating provided design mockups.  • Provided support for cross platform browser implantations.  • Elegantly implemented page designs in standards-compliant dynamic XHTML and CSS.  • Redesigned and developed organization's website using HTML/CSS/JavaScript  • Worked with other members in addressing bugs, maintenance of website  • Designed user Interface for the project using HTML, CSS, and Flash  Environment: HTML, XHTML, CSS, JavaScript Education Bachelor's Mumbai University Skills CSS (5 years), HTML (5 years), JAVASCRIPT (5 years), USER INTERFACE (5 years), AJAX (4 years) Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  Operating Systems Windows 10, 7, XP, Linux, IOS  Programming Languages JQuery, Angular JS, SQL  Web (UI) Technologies HTML, XHTML, DHTML, XML, HTML5, CSS, CSS3, JavaScript, AJAX, JSON, Angular JS and jQuery  XML Technologies SAX and DOM (parsers)  Databases Oracle, MySQL, Mongo dB, MSSQL Server  Application Servers WebLogic, Apache, Tomcat  Browsers IE, Mozilla and Chrome, Safari  Development Tools Eclipse, Dreamweaver, Web Matrix, Web storm, TextPad, Firebug, MS Visual Studio for web.  Open Source Tomcat, log4J, JUnit, Ant, Putty, WinSCP, Tortoise, vspehereclient  Configuration Control CVS, SVN, GIT  Methodology Object Orient Analysis, Design and Development using UML  Project Management Tools Jira, Rally, Scrum works, Team track