Sr. UI Developer Sr. UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> Sr. UI Developer - Anthem Inc Atlanta, GA • 8+ years of professional experience in IT Industry as a Front- End Developer in Developing User Interface (UI) applications, requirements analysis, applications design development, integration, maintenance, installation, Integrating, Implementing the web-based applications and UI applications.  • Extensive experience in designing professional UI web applications using front- end technologies like HTML5, DHTML, CSS3, JavaScript, XML, AJAX, JSON, Angular JS 2/4/5, Node JS, React JS, XHTML, EcmaScript6 (ES6), jQuery, AXURE RP, SKETCH, INVISION, DOM, JSON, Bootstrap, Backbone.js, Knockout.js, underscore.js, React Native.  • Strong experience in working on user interface applications and professional web applications using HTML, Bootstrap, Node JS, React JS, Vue JS, Backbone JS.  • Experience in scripting languages like Angular JS, React JS, Vue JS and Node JS.  • Developed good responsive design approach modules by using Node.js.  • Developed and manipulated existing components by using Node.js.  • Involved in designing the user experience interface UI/UX strategy, UI requirements, converting findings into UI designs  • Well versed with testing websites for compatibility on multiple browsers including Safari, Google Chrome, IE and Mozilla Firefox  • Involved in creating unit test cases using Mocha JS, Jasmine and Karma.  • Experience in building Single Page Application (SPA) using Model View Controller (MVC) framework such as AngularJS.  • Experience in implementing Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) using Web Services (SOAP & Restful) and java XML parsers such as SAX and DOM.  • Expertise in Application development using various frameworks such as Spring Framework 3.0, Spring MVC, Hibernate 3.0 ORM with UI technologies like JSP, Apache Velocity Engine, validation plug-ins like Validator Framework.  • Designed dynamic client-side JavaScript codes to build web forms and simulate process for a web application, page navigation using Angular 5.  • Implemented layer using CSS Framework, Backbone.js, Angular.js, Angular 2, Angular 4, Knockout.js, Wire-framing, and HTML5.Good experience with Angular JS directives ng-app, ng-unit, ng-model for initialization of Angular JS application data.  • Proficient in using higher level style syntaxes, LESS and SASS for advanced CSS features.  • Experience with Angular CLI designing and implementing AngularJS APIs, caching layers, and monitoring.  • Created Typescript reusable components and services to consume REST API's using Component-based architecture provided by Angular 2.  • Knowledge of using React.js for building reusable UI components in client side.  • Experienced in developing web and mobile applications using latest JavaScript ES6 features and frameworks such as ReactJS, and Redux.  • Working with ECMA Script 6 (ES6) features. For build of JSX and used Babel, webpack.  • Experienced in working with Node.js and NPM modules like http-server, Martinique, path, Mongo DB, Micro Services, Request, Elastic Search, express, luck, spark and templating engines  • Expertise in React Js framework to develop the Single Page Application (SPA) and working with React Flux architecture and creating reusable React Components Library.  • Experienced in working with Redux architecture using complex Object-Oriented concepts in improving the performance of the websites  • Experience in using React Js components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, plus Redux, Animations and Flux concept.  • Good Experience in React Js for creating interactive UI's using One-way data flow, Virtual DOM, JSX, React Native concepts.  • Expertise in React Component for UX-Library consisted of Button, Checkbox, Input, Icons, Toggle Button, Dropdown, Multi-Level Dropdown and many more.  • Experience in developing web pages in Responsive Design using Bootstrap and adapt to the changing environment.  • Used front end dependency management and packaging tools like Npm, Jenkins, Bower, Grunt  • Wrote unit and end-to- end tests using Mocha, Jasmine, and Protractor.  • Excellent experience in developing web pages complying with Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) and ability to apply W3C web standards.  • Involvement using various IDE's, Dreamweaver, Notepad++, Eclipse, Adobe Photoshop, Microsoft Visual Studio, Web Storm  • Acquainted with full software development life cycle, Agile/Scrum, Waterfall methodologies and used JIRA for bug tracking and issue tracking.  • Experience in software configuration management using GitHub, Bitbucket, SVN, TFS.  • Knowledge in creating and deploying code on cloud platforms such as Amazon Web Services (AWS).  • Experience in writing complex database queries, stored procedures, and triggers using Oracle, SQL, MySQL, Mongo DB and No SQL. Work Experience Sr. UI Developer Anthem Inc - Atlanta, GA January 2018 to Present Responsibilities:  • Created a web-application portal for inter-hospital collaboration through the bootstrap framework using UI/UX.  • Migrating the whole UI framework to Vue JS.  • Incorporated Google and D3 visualization tools to dynamically populate charts and tables.  • Developed the dashboard UI where it populates all the patient details. Developed company's website using the bootstrap framework.  • Involved in writing the REST API Calls.  • Also, integrated Dropzone.js for file upload.  • Used Node JS to run Web pack tasks and help build the project.  • Used Jira as a tool for project tracking and management where we update the daily tasks performed.  • Used Git for version control and Webstorm IDE.  • Designed and developed the UI layout and front- end programming for web application that matches the wireframes using the latest HTML5, CSS3 and AngularJS.  • Extensively used all the new HTML5 features like local storage, new input attributes, Canvas and SVG, audio and video etc.  • Involved in building stable React components and stand-alone functions to be added to any future pages.  • Used new CSS3 features like multi-column layout, gradients and web fonts, transform and transpose and @media.  • Performed various Validation Controls for form validation and implemented custom validation controls with JavaScript and with AngularJS using custom directives.  • Created React.js components using JSX and Virtual DOM Followed Redux Architecture for unidirectional data flow and manage the data in React and Make HTTP requests in React & Redux.  • Created visualizations using D3.js to present analytics. Develop various screens for the front end using React JS and used various predefined components from NPM (Node Package Manager) and Redux library.  • Used twitter Bootstrap for creating responsive web design for varying screen sizes and  • devices.  • Good experience in implementing MVC frameworks like Angular.js for AJAX data calls using the $http service.  • Worked on all the latest AngularJS concepts like creating custom directives, services, $http service, factory's, $watch and $apply etc.  • Worked with all the Angular.js modules that are not part of the standard release like ui-route, angular-paginate etc.  • Analysed and parsed the response of JSON/XML to update DOM.  • Worked with the SASS/SCSS pre-processor to simplify writing the CSS stylings.  • Used Node.js and Java to perform server-side backend operations.  • Converted JavaScript classes to TypeScript classes.  • Used Scala to support functions, immutable data structures and preference for immutability over mutation.  • Deploying Docker workloads on AWS and Google Cloud Platform, with Kubernetes.  • Worked with Backbase to organize, create and manage customer experience for projects associated with MQR.  • Handling cross browser/platform compatibility issues (IE, Firefox, and Safari) on both Windows and Mac and debugged using tools like Firebug.  • Wrote java back end web services in RESTful framework using the Jersey JAX-RS framework.  • Built PHP applications to meet product requirements and satisfy use cases using MVC architecture.  • Worked with the Gulp tool in building the project, also worked in creating the gulpfile.js for managing the build operations.  • Bug fixing and refactoring JavaScript and TypeScript classes.  • Built a prototype for an internal blog application using the CMS tool Wordpress.  • Used Bower and npm in managing the frontend and node modules respectively.  • Performed unit testing using the open source Karma/Jasmine framework.  • Worked on the Agile methodology and used Scrum in implementing the project.    Environment: - HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, SASS/SCSS, JavaScript, jQuery, Angular.js, node.js, Java, Bootstrap, Usability Testing, Agile methodology, WebStorm, Gulp, GIT. Front End Developer Dish - Denver, CO July 2016 to December 2017 DISH consistently introduces products of increasing sophistication, it also leads the industry by offering the best value - the same channels at a better price. Challenging the economics of pay TV. The customer facing Webpages provide the necessary gateway and interfaces to make the payment services dynamic and more accurate than ever. It is a huge investment of technology to ensure effective payment services.    Responsibilities:  • Involved in various phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) such as requirements gathering, modeling, analysis, design and development.  • Created various web page layouts using HTML and CSS, Bootstrap with focus on user experience and compliance to standards.  • Used various built-in Bootstrap classes in achieving the desired look and feel of the web components and the Bootstrap grid system for maintaining responsiveness across all screen sizes.  • Handled the conversion of the existing project written in JavaScript/JQuery to AngularJS.  • Handled browser compatibility issues in HTML, CSS and JavaScript for IE, Firefox and Chrome.  • Upgraded to Angular 4 and Typescript 2.1 and used browser animations, Render 2, email attribute in form validation.  • Implemented client-side validations in registration forms, login and logout forms using Java Script, AJAX and jQuery.  • Continuous Integration & deployment using Docker, Jenkins, Bitbucket etc.  • Worked with the LESS preprocessor to rewrite the whole CSS.  • Worked with the Grunt tool for building the project on the front- end.  • Experience in working with No-Sql databases like MongoDB, Cassandra etc.  • Involved development of front- end components using the latest HTML5, CSS3, JQuery widgets etc.  • Used React.js for templating for faster compilation and developing reusable components.  • Developed an application using React JS, Redux, AngularJS, ES 6, CSS3, and Bootstrap in a Test-Driven Development Environment.  • Automated Build and deployment pipeline using GIT, Maven and Jenkins.  • Used Redux-Store for storing state of the React Application and worked with middleware for the Redux-Store.  • Proficient at using React JS to render some advanced components on the server side, along with Flux pattern and Redux(RXJS) library.  • • Added new features using React/Redux(RXJS)/Lodash for functionality of few modules.  • Used AJAX and JSON to process asynchronous actions between front and back end, using AngularJS $http service.  • Implemented AJAX to improved customer experience, and reduce the data flows greatly  • Used AngularJS for event handling in UI pages to display list boxes and to handle validations.  • Experience in build tool like GIT Review comments practices, GruntJS, Ant, Maven, Gulp.  • Worked with the AngularJS custom attributes for DOM manipulations.  • Worked with Spring MVC and Hibernate in the backend to build the business logic.  • Used Scala to express common programming patterns in a concise, elegant and type-safe way.  • Developed single page applications and Micro services, using NodeJS and React libraries and Manage continuous integration and deployment for microservices in the AWS platform using (Kubernetes Cluster, Docker, Nginx Proxy, Nexus, Jenkins and GitLab)  • Expertise in using React JS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, Animations and Flux concept.  • Used React-Router to turn the application into Single Page Application  • Written and consumed Restful Web Service calls in both JSON and XML formats.  • Researched and experimented with Backbase for integrating into existing applications.  • Used Karma/Jasmine for unit testing the complete application.  • Experience in using JUnit in writing unit test cases for Restful Webservice calls.  • Webstorm and Eclipse IDE is used for development and Tomcat is the web server for deploying application    Environment: HTML, CSS, AJAX, JavaScript, JQuery, Angular JS, Bootstrap, XML, JSON, Apache Tomcat, LESS, Gulp, Eclipse. UI Developer Bank of the West - San Ramon, CA September 2014 to June 2016 Integrating 13 applications by end of phase 1 is the main agenda. The client initiated this project to automate the provisioning and reconciliation of all the users using a tool called BluePrism. This includes applications related to mainframes, AD Authentication, Webservices and Disconnected.  Transaction module, Report module, and Payment module are the key modules which system was built. Mostly involved in Spring framework integrated with Spring JDBC, SOAP, Angular and Javascript.    Responsibilities:  • Fixed the browser compatibility issues in IE, Firefox and Chrome browsers  • Code on Cascading Style Sheet (CSS) in web pages to separate presentation from structure. Defined text alignment, size, borders and many other typographic characteristics.  • Used HTML, CSS and JavaScript to render the dynamic web pages (presentation layer) for the application.  • Used jQuery in controlling access to different pages of the applications.  • Developed jQuery custom widgets to make easy the enhancement of the web pages.  • Extensively used jQuery selectors in accessing various parts of the DOM.  • Used Ajax and jQuery to update the parts of the Policy review web pages.  • Got a brief introduction of how AngularJS works.  • Expertise in React.js Component for UX-Library consisted of Button, Checkbox, Input, Icons, Toggle Button, Dropdown, Multi-Level Dropdown and many more.  • Utilized React for its efficient data flow architecture to create a lightweight and render efficient web app that searched projects via the GitHub API through keywords.  • Implemented JavaScript promises functions as an alternative for callbacks.  • Worked with template engines like Mustache in building the templates.  • Implemented and maintained AJAX based rich client for improved customer experience.  • Worked on creating and consuming SOAP Web services for accessing data from other external services.  • Experience in deploying projects on Web-logic using MAVEN.  • Used jQuery event handling in UI pages handle validations.  • Created jQuery custom widgets like date picker etc and other custom widgets.  • Involved in code review and deployment of the application on development, testing of production servers    Environment: Angular, React, Java, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, SQL, Web services using REST and SOAP, JSON, AJAX. Front End Developer TracFone - Miami, FL June 2013 to July 2014 This application will replace the existing application. The key features of this application are providing user an option to customize the plan features (data, sms and voice), Catalog Management, Bundling the Products, Promotions, Trade-In and Re-Contracting old line.    Responsibilities:  • Developed cross-browser/platform HTML, CSS and JavaScript to desired design specifications for single page layout using code standards.  • Created optimized graphic websites and application interfaces using HTML and CSS.  • Used jQuery to make the frontend components interact with the JavaScript functions to add dynamic web page at the user interface and adaptive free layout using Bootstrap.  • Designed and development of Web pages using PHP.  • Implemented AJAX to enhance the capability of the website.  • Worked on front end pages that were developed in a professional manner and focused on reusability and modularity using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, Responsive Web Design and Twitter Bootstrap.  • Developed internal services using Java.  • Used jQuery core library functions for the logical implementation part at client side for all the application.  • Debug the application using Firebug to traverse the documents and manipulated the Nodes using DOM and DOM Functions using Firefox and IE Developer Tool bar for IE.  • Involved in writing SQL Queries, Stored Procedures.  • Included validations and created the form panel layout.  • Responsible for creating the screens with table less design following W3C standards.  • Responsible for cross-browser compatibility for which worked on different browsers like safari, Internet explorer, Firefox and Google Chrome.  • Performed Database connectivity and transactions and wrote stored procedures as per the requirement in MY-SQL  • Used Agile and Scrum development methodology.  • Collaborate with development team to address QA defects.  • Used GIT for version control.  • Developed cross-browser pages using CSS, HTML, and JavaScript.    Environment: HTML, CSS, D3.js, MY-SQL, JavaScript, JSON, SAAS, AJAX, Bootstrap, XML Java UI Developer MCS Global, Pennsylvania November 2011 to April 2013 MCS Global has taken up this project when the UI needed change using HTML, CSS3, JSP, JavaScript, Ajax to make more user friendly. Controller Web Services are tested using JMETER, Rest Client, and SOAPUI.    Responsibilities:  • Developed cross-browser/platform HTML, CSS and JavaScript to desired design specifications for single page layout using code standards.  • Created optimized graphic websites and application interfaces using HTML and CSS.  • Used jQuery to make the frontend components interact with the JavaScript functions to add dynamic web page at the user interface and adaptive free layout using Bootstrap.  • Designed and development of Web pages using PHP.  • Implemented AJAX to enhance the capability of the website.  • Worked on front end pages that were developed in a professional manner and focused on reusability and modularity using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, Responsive Web Design and Twitter Bootstrap.  • Developed internal services using Java.  • Used jQuery core library functions for the logical implementation part at client side for all the application.  • Debug the application using Firebug to traverse the documents and manipulated the Nodes using DOM and DOM Functions using Firefox and IE Developer Tool bar for IE.  • Involved in writing SQL Queries, Stored Procedures.  • Included validations and created the form panel layout.  • Responsible for creating the screens with table less design following W3C standards.  • Responsible for cross-browser compatibility for which worked on different browsers like safari, Internet explorer, Firefox and Google Chrome.  • Performed Database connectivity and transactions and wrote stored procedures as per the requirement in MY-SQL  • Used Agile and Scrum development methodology.  • Collaborate with development team to address QA defects.  • Used GIT for version control.  • Developed cross-browser pages using CSS, HTML, and JavaScript.    Environment: HTML, CSS, D3.js, MY-SQL, JavaScript, JSON, SAAS, AJAX, Bootstrap, XML Java Developer ICICI August 2010 to September 2011 Integrated comprehensive and complete healthcare revenue cycle solution from pre-registration through collection that utilizes decision support tools throughout the cycle is required. The focus is to enable cognitive learning for constant and automated improvements to the decision support tools and processes to drive economies of scale and to automate manual process for both ICICI and the Client.    Responsibilities:  • Created and deployed web pages using HTML, JSP, JavaScript and CSS.  • Used JSP, JavaScript, HTML, and CSS for manipulating, validating, customizing, error messages to the User Interface.  • Developed data access classes using Spring Framework's JDBC abstraction.  • Implemented SOA to develop REST Based Web services using Apache Axis.  • Developed various generic JavaScript functions used for validations. Used SOAP UI for testing the web services.  • Web application development for backend system using Angular JS and Node.js with cutting edge HTML and CSS techniques.  • Developed Java application using Spring framework.  • Wrote complex SQL queries using joins, sub queries and correlated sub queries to retrieve data from the database.  • Created/Updated database objects like tables, views, stored procedures, function, packages  • Used JavaScript and struts validation framework for performing front end validations.  • Develop DAO design pattern for hiding the access to data source objects.  • Use Hibernate framework for the backend persistence  • Use Eclipse as IDE tool to develop the application and QC for bug and issue tracking  • Use CVS for software configuration management and version control  • Added methods for performing CRUD operations in applications using JDBC and wrote several SQL queries.    Environment: Java, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, Usability Testing, and SOAP Education Bachelor's Skills VISUAL STUDIO, Git, HTML, JAVASCRIPT, BOOTSTRAP Additional Information Technical Skills:    Operating Systems: Windows XP/Vista/7/8/10, MAC OS, LINUX, Ubuntu  Methodologies: Agile, Waterfall, SCRUM, Test Driven Development (TDD)  Web Technologies: HTML/HTML5, CSS2/CSS3, DHTML, XML, XSLT, JSON, JSP, DOM, PHP, JSON, JavaScript, jQuery, Web Services (REST & SOAP), Ecma Script 6 (ES6)  Version Control: SVN, GIT, CVS, JENKINS  IDEs Worked on: Notepad++, Adobe Dreamweaver, Adobe Photoshop, ECLIPSE, Net Beans, Visual Studio, WebStorm  JS Libraries: Angular JS, React JS, Backbone JS, Node JS, BootStrap, D3 JS  Testing Tools: Jasmine, Karma, Chrome Developer tools, IE developer tools, Firebug, Mocha  Database: MySQL, MSSQL, Oracle 11g, Mongo DB  Applications/ Web Servers: Team Foundation Server, HTTP Web Server, IBM WebSphere, Apache Tomcat Server, AWS.    Professional Work: