Sr. Front End Developer Sr. <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Sr. Front End Developer - Walgreens Sunnyvale, CA 8 years of experience as a Front- End web developer in developing and designing user experiences of Internet/Intranet applications using HTML4.0/5, CSS2/3/4, XHTML, XML, JAVASCRIPT, JQUERY, JSON, AJAX, Angular.js and Angular2.0, Angular 4.0, Angular 5.0, React. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr. Front End Developer Walgreens - Deerfield, IL August 2018 to Present Description: -The current ecommerce website is in ATG and moving whole site to microservices, for this we are using React and Node js. As a part of common services team we used JWT for webpage authentication.    Responsibilities: - • Participated in Software Development Life-Cycle SDLC preparing Requirement Specification documents, design documents, Test cases and Analysis, User Training documents and Technical Help documents.  • Designated UI architecture for the internal web application and worked with designers to constructs conceptual Wireframes and Mock-ups.  • Developed page layouts, Navigations and presented designs and concepts to the clients and the management review.  • Developed Webpages by using HTML5, CSS3, jQuery, JavaScript and working knowledge of Ext Js, and bootstrap.js.  • Working with AJAX data consisting of JSON/XML/JSONP responses, parsing the same and presenting on UI layer.  • Implemented stable React components and stand-alone functions to be added to any future pages.  • Worked with CSS background, CSS Layouts, CSS positioning, CSS text, CSS border, CSS margin, CSS padding, Pseudo elements and CSS behaviors.  • Developed Prototype of the intranet web application using Photoshop and Axure.  • Worked on Design and development of Restful APIs using Node.js and JSON.  • Involved in designing interactive experiences, animations and storyboards for presentations.  • Build up and refined low- to high-fidelity interface design concepts and/or interactive prototypes while considering the bounds of selected technologies.  • Implemented various screens for the frontend using React.js and used various predefined components from NPM (Node Package Manager).  • Developed administrative UI interface for a data gathering, and reporting tool using jQuery UI, and Backbone.js.  • Worked with RESTful web services to integrate between Server Side to Client Side.  • Co-ordinated with QA for testing, Production releases, Application deployment and • Involved in Production Support and minor enhancements as per application requirements.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Angular.js, Backbone.js, Node.js, React.js, JQuery, AJAX, XML, Redis, MongoDB, Azure key vault, JWT. Sr. Front End Developer Bank of America - Charlotte, NC February 2016 to July 2018 Description: -Implemented template controls for page layout Retirement Planner, it is a part of web application, which is used for retirement planning. The system allows the user to enter personal and financial information about them and spouse. This information is then used as input to forecast the probability of achieving a specified level of income after they retire.    Responsibilities: - • Designed dynamic and cross-browser compatible pages using ReactJS, Angular4.0, HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap and JavaScript.  • Extensively used MEAN stack for implementation of this Web application.  • Worked with HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Vue.JS and blade for developing user and admin interface.  • Worked on ReactJS for building encapsulated components, to pass rich data through app and keep state out of the DOM.  • Created the static page demo based on the conceptual PSD sketches of the web site analyzed the page's functionalities and extracted the common components.  • Designed Reducers and Action Dispatchers to maintain common updated state around all the container components using Redux.  • Used Middleware, Redux-Promise in application to retrieve data from back- end and to also perform RESTFUL services.  • Used ReactJS Flux architecture for unidirectional data flow & also used React Routers for synchronizing UI and URL.  • Chat data in local storage and connecting to APIs in parallel & implemented SPA by using several in built core directives, expressions and modules in perspective of Vue.js.  • Used Backbone.js for connecting the API's which enforces the communication to the server while also implemented mock services in Node.js • Developed Node JS Frameworks which will be interfacing with data stores as well as frameworks and services.  • Integrated modules with designs and requirements by implementing Node JS.  • Worked on Node JS to improve all server-side logic, maintain centralized database, and ensure high performance and responsiveness to requests from the front- end.  • Created MongoDB database schema design, store JSON format data, and retrieve data from database using Mongoose drivers.  • Used MVC architecture of Framework for developing web applications and to simplify the code complexity.  • Implemented Gulp build setup to be as reusable and centralized for web development of the project.  • Altered existing UI layouts and created new layouts with SASS (CSS Pre-processor) to oblige new modifications in website design.  • Worked with QA team and used testing frameworks like Jasmine, Karma, Mocha and Chai bug tracking and issue tracking.  • Represented as a liaison between web development and user experience team and used GIT for Version Control to track check-ins and rollback code.  Environment: HTML/HTML5, CSS2/3/4, Bootstrap, Node.JS, Angular.js, Angular 2, Angular 4, React.JS, Redux, React Native Backbone.js, Typescript, JavaScript, Ajax, JSON, WebStorm, MVC, Restful Webservices, MongoDB, PL/SQL, Jasmine, Karma, Agile, SCRUM, GitHub, JSP, XHTML, DHTML, XML, SOAP, DOM, Gulp, Grunt, jQuery, MEAN stack Eclipse, Dreamweaver. Front End Developer Payless ShoeSource - Topeka, KS July 2014 to February 2016 Description: -E-Commerce site for consumers to encourage Payless Shoesource products, shopping cart and check out process with cutting edge technologies.    Responsibilities: - • Developed UI pages using HTML, XUL, DHTML, XHTML, DOM, CSS, JSON, JavaScript, ReactJs, jQuery and AJAX.  • Constructed web pages for application using MVC3, & Java Script, jQuery, NodeJS, Karma, Jasmine.  • Integrated the Java code (API) in JSP pages.  • Used jQuery core library functions for the logical implementation part at client side for all the applications • Involved in writing JQUERY-based Ajax requests using JQUERY. Get (URL, data, callback, type) or JQUERY. Ajax (options) and JQUERY. Post (URL, data, callback, and type).  • Used jQuery to traverse through a DOM tree and manipulated the nodes in the tree.  • Used jQuery plugins for Drag and Drop, Widgets, Menus, User Interface and Forms.  • Developed Date Time Picker using Object Oriented JavaScript extensively.  • Developed Single Page Application using Angular.js for different modules including event driven pages.  • Developed various application functionalities such as search, pagination, filtering using MVVM JavaScript Framework Angular.js.  • Developed custom Angular.js proxy to send requests to client's APIs, handling authentication and custom headers.  • Utilized Node.js for server hosting and developed entire server side using Node.js with Express.  • Designed PDF, excel and print previews for all the reports in the application using HTML, JavaScript and SQL Stored Procedure.  • Used React JS for templating for faster compilation and developing reusable components.  • Worked on React JS virtual Dom and React views, Rendering using components which contains Custom HTML tags.  • Debug the application using Firebug to traverse the documents and manipulated the nodes using DOM and DOM Functions.  • Involved in developing XML, HTML, and JavaScript for client-side presentation and data validation on the client side within the forms.  • Contacted with different customer for their requirements and modified code as the customer needs.  • Involved in writing and modifying Procedure, Queries, Views & Triggers and calling them from JavaScript using the Temp Net Framework.  • Worked in Onsite - Offshore model & written SQL Queries to interact with Oracle database.  • Used SVN for version control and ClearQuest for defect tracking.  • Successfully executed all the test cases and fixed any bugs/issues identified during the test cycles.  Environment: HTML, CSS, XML, DHTML, XHTML, DOM, JavaScript, jQuery, Adobe Dreamweaver CS5, AJAX, JSON, Grunt & Gulp, ECLIPSE, SQL server, MySQL, GIT, ClearQuest, Harvest and MS Office Front End Developer Thomson Reuters - Eagan, MN September 2012 to June 2014 Description: - Upgrade Thomson Reuters website and SQL Database migration with the client information of insight to a new mongo database. Insight has the millions of clients' information in MS SQL Server Database. Because of the websites slow performance on the existing JavaScript, AJAX, JAVA layer and SQL Server Database changed to AngularJS, AJAX, JAVA SPRING and Mongo Database. Web Controller JS Unit testing with JSON Data and integration testing for the performance testing of Web Services.    Responsibilities: • Responsible for the design of web applications right from the conceptualization stage to its implementation and maintenance.  • Developed UI using HTML, CSS, jQuery and JavaScript for interactive cross browser functionality and complex user interface.  • Participated in meetings with the end-clients to develop layout, color scheme for the web page and implemented them.  • Strong Experience in dealing with CSS Animations, Backgrounds, Layouts, Positioning, Text, Border, Padding and CSS Box Model.  • Involved in Writing and Executing SQL Scripts and responsible for fixing the issues and monitoring it to make sure it releases in time.  • Used Backbone.js for making ajax calls (GET, POST) for triggering or fetching data from Restful API's provided by the backend team.  • Developed backend web services using Node JS and stored dependencies using NPM.  • Design with a Good background working in Wireframes, Prototypes and Mock-ups.  • Developed UI using IDE Tools like Eclipse, NetBeans for Web development.  • Implemented Caching, Session State, Cookie Management, view state, POST and GET techniques.  • Worked with designers to create mockups for the client screen per the provided wireframes.  • Analyzed and parsed the response of JSON/XML to update DOM.  • Fabricated style sheets to manage the look-and-feel of the site using CSS, bootstrap and XML.  • Experience with common front- end development tools such as Babel, Web pack and Grunt.  • Developed AJAX based web-based UI framework by utilizing jQuery library.  • Well Versed in using Jira for tracking issues, defects and project management.  • Used jQuery plug-in to implement features as a lightbox, sliders and other intuitive features.  • Worked extensively with the backend team to integrate the HTML code into JSPs.  • Worked with PHP for server-side scripting and had an experience in working with XSLT.  • Experience in using various IDE's like MS Visual Studio, Notepad++ and sublime text.  • Developed components involving closures, event handling and Object-Oriented Java Script.  • Developed the custom data grids upon jQuery framework to deliver the business data Involved in daily defect triage calls, fixed various serious defects based on their impact on the application.  • Worked upon the dashboard for the project which contains a variety of charts and drag-and-drop components using jQuery UI library    Environment: HTML, XML, CSS, AJAX, JavaScript, jQuery, JSON, JSP, Adobe Dreamweaver. Jr. Front End Developer People Tech Group - Bellevue, WA February 2010 to August 2012 Description: - Bus search is an application that allows users to search for buses that ply between select destinations. The user inputs the source, destination, departure date and it shows the list of buses and departure timings.    Responsibilities: • Established front- end web application structure and UI layout using HTML, CSS and JavaScript.  • Used Bootstrap to implement responsive design for web application, with the help of CSS Media Queries to maintain larger style sheet.  • Used AJAX and jQuery to implement asynchronous functions and features, also used jQuery UI for    Drag-Drop to make web page more user-interactive.  • Utilized AngularJS to build new MVC structure to set some custom filters and directives.  • Developed the application's presentation layer using JavaScript and jQuery Libraries.  • Used AngularJS AJAX calls (such as GET, PUT, POST) to transmit or fetch data from RESTful APIs   which were created and provided by back- end team.  • Implemented Single Page Application (SPA) by using AngularJS which can bind data to specific   views and synchronize data with server.  • Created AngularJS custom directives and made restrictions for the directive created.  • Used AngularJS to implement form validation and collection customer's data by creating    AngularJS components such as directives, controllers, services and so on.  • Used HTML, CSS to design page layouts that can meet cross-browser compatibility for various   browsers.  • Debugged JavaScript and HTML code with Firefox Firebug, Google Chrome JavaScript debugger   and IE Tester.  • Used Jasmine with Karma to do unit test.  • Used SVN as the project version control tool system and used Agile methodology for requirement gathering.  • Communicated with QA team to work in code debug, performance check and defects resolve.    Environment: HTML, CSS, Media Queries, JavaScript, Bootstrap, jQuery, jQuery UI, Angular JS, RESTful API, AJAX, SPA, Firebug, Jasmine, Karma, JSON, SVN, Agile. Education Bachelor's