Java Full-Stack Developer Java Full-Stack <span class="hl">Developer</span> Java Full-Stack Developer McKinney, TX • Over 6+ years of software development experience in Object Oriented Programming, Design and Development of Multi-Tier distributed, Enterprise applications using Java and J2EE technologies with Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC)  • In-depth knowledge and experience in UI using HTML5, CSS3, jQuery, AJAX, JavaScript, Typescript, JSON, Bootstrap, AngularJS & React JS.  • Good working knowledge on Angular JS and its features like dependency Injection, angular expressions, filters, bindings etc.  • Experience in developing rich views using React JS with React-Redux architecture for the Uni-directional data flow with the web-pack build tool  • Hands on experience with object-oriented JavaScript, modern JavaScript features like Arrow Function, Classes and Modular Code development in ES6 features  • Extensively worked on coding using core java concepts like Multithreading, Collections, Serialization, Synchronization, Exception Handling, Generics & Database Connections  • Extensive experience in working on various Spring modules (Spring MVC, DAO and AOP) and implementing MVC framework using Spring, Struts in J2EE architecture.  • Experience using persistence framework like Hibernate/JPA for mapping Java classes with database and using Hibernate Query Language (HQL)  • Strong experience in Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) and publishing web services (SOAP, RESTful) that include several components like SOAP, WSDL, JAX-RS and JAX-WS.  • Experience with Application Servers WebLogic, WebSphere, JBoss and Web Servers like Apache Tomcat.  • Experienced in JMS over messaging to exchange the information in more reliable and asynchronous way in enterprise Applications. Used Apache ActiveMQ as JMS provider.  • Experience in working with NoSQL (Mongo DB & Cassandra DB) for handling huge amount of data  • Experienced in RDBMS concepts and experience in writing SQLqueries and PL/SQL in databases like MySQL, SQLServer and Oracle writing Triggers, Stored Procedures and Normalization of databases.  • Enhanced experience in using different IDEs like Eclipse, Spring Tool Suite, Brackets, Atom and Intellij IDEA & Hands-on experience working with source control tools such as SVN & GIT.  • Hands on experience in writing test cases in Junit, Mockito and using SoapUI, Postman for Web Service test. Used Jacoco & Cobertura for the Code Coverage Reports and Used SonarQube for CodeQuality analysis.  • Hands on experience in TDD and using JUnit, Log4J & spring test for debugging and testing the applications, Worked on tools like JMeter, SoapUI, JConsole and JProfiler.  • Experienced in use of build tools like Apache, Ant and Maven, Gradle, Jenkins and project tracking tools by JIRA and QC  • Developing or maintaining a production-level cloud-based architecture in AWS. Worked on Automating the CICD pipeline using Jenkins, Dockers, Maven Build Tools to Deploy & SmokeTest the application in AWS EC2 or S3 Instances.  • Expertise in UML which includes creating Use-Case diagrams, Class diagrams, Interaction diagrams (Sequence diagrams, Activity diagrams)  • Experienced in working with small to large-scale teams with onshore/offshore models in Agile and Waterfall environments.  • Development experience in different OS like Windows, Linux and UNIX and excellent troubleshooting skills. Work Experience Java Full-Stack Developer Sabre Global, West - Lake, TX, US June 2017 to July 2018 Responsibilities:  • Involved designing a hospitality agent booking application using HTML, JS, SCSS, React JS, Redux JS, and Java services.  • Worked on Agile development methodology, built the application with Acceptance Test Driven Development (ATDD) by Gherkins (Cucumber)  • Responsible to Style, look and feel of the web page with SASS that extends CSS with dynamic behavior such as variable, mixing, operations and functions.  • Worked on React JS Virtual Dom and React views, rendering using components which contains additional components called custom HTML tags.  • Responsible for React UI and architecture. Building components library, including Tree, Slide-View and Table Grid. Implemented reusable React components and functions to be added to any future pages and also used React JS for templating faster compilation and developing reusable components.  • Implemented React container and presentational components. Writing unit tests for React Components, Module Reducers, Module Actions.  • Created POJO's and DAO's for the database entities using Spring JDBC annotation mappings. Used Programmatic Bean Validators (JSR 380) for validating properties of a bean in a specific criterion and triggered the annotation-based validations using Validation Constraints.  • Designed, Developed, Enhanced and maintained applications in MariaDB, HeidiSQL and used SQL/PLSQL queries in Windows and UNIX environments.  • Integrated with Spring Cloud projects to provide distributed tracing and other features.  • Testing and production support of core java based multithreading ETL tool for distributed loading XML data into Oracle database using JPA/Hibernate.  • Development of cloud hosted web applications and REST APIs using Spring Boot with embedded Tomcat.  • Designed and developed the REST based Microservices using the Spring Data with JPA and used Swagger to interact with API end points of the micro services.  • Worked on AWS, High Availability Practices and deploying backup/restore infrastructure  • Developed Spring REST controllers to serve data in XML and JSON format and configured application using Maven.  • Utilized Map Force to perform mapping between XML schemas, consumed and exposed web services and Restful Web services API using JAX-RS specification.  • Created and Used Jenkin Jobs for Continuous Integration with the Docker images which are used to wrap the Constructed code in layered file systems and share common files for better use of RAM.  • Involved in 90% of Code Coverage using Junit5, Hamcrest, Mockitos and Power Mockitos. The reports were generated using Cobertura and Jacoco using maven build and Code Quality is done using Sonar Qube Analysis.  • Created and executed the test scripts with Java, Selenium Web Driver and TestNG and logged defects in QC ALM.  • Worked with Product Owners, Business analysts and UX teams for the functionality, requirements.  • Performed unit testing using Jasmine and Karma, along with integration testing Chrome Inspector to fix bugs and worked closely with QA Engineer.  Environment: React JS, HTML5, CSS3, AJAX, DOJO, JavaScript, Java8/ J2EE, Spring Boot 2.0.0, JNDI, JDBC, EJB Tag Libraries, Heidi SQL, Maria DB, Apache Camel, DOM, SAX, RestFul Web Services, SOA, AWS, Dockers, Jenkins, JUNIT5, Hamcrest, Mockito, Power Mockito, Cobertura, Jacoco, SOAP UI, Swagger, Selenium Web Driver & Test-NG.  Dec '15-May '17 Front End Developer APU Solutions - Overland Park, KS December 2015 to May 2017 Responsibilities:  • Planning, analysis, design and implementation of different modules using AgileMethodology. Responsible to provide risk/impediments and discuss action plans in daily stand-up meeting and providing demo for UAT.  • Responsible for creating efficient design and developing User Interaction screens using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, AngularJS, AJAX and JSON.  • Responsible for setting up AngularJS framework for UI development and took part in setting up Gulp builds.  • Implemented routing using Angular UI router, SPA application, directives and scope values using AngularJS for an existing webpage.  • Used Angular JS expressions to implement two-way data-binding to update information between view and model.  • Developed custom Angular directives, filters, services etc..And used Angular UI components for the views.  • Used Angular libraries like angular-UI-router, angular-resource to create the effective single page application and used angular-cookies to temporarily store the data used in this application.  • Developed the Front End server using Angular2 with Typescript, HTML5 and CSS.  • Performed unit testing of various angular components, services using Jasmine, Angular mocks and performed end to end testing using Nightwatch  • Took part in development of unit test cases with Mocha, Chai and Gulp and end to end testing with Protractor.  • Developed charting components in the application using HighCharts for data visualization on the dashboard views.  • Created various custom directives to build re-usable components and used Breeze-JS data model on the UI for backend interactions.  • Defined text alignment, borders, positioning and many other typographic characteristics and used BootstrapResponsive Web Design so that the website is compatible with different devices like desktops, laptops, tablets and smart phones.  • Designed and developed RESTful style Web Service layer using Spring MVC, Swagger, Microservices and Spring Boot.  • Develop and Maintain elaborate services-based architecture utilizing open source technologies like Hibernate, ORM and Spring Batch Framework.  • Wrote complex SQL queries using Spring JDBC for existing applications to retrieve data from the Oracle database.  • Wrote and specified Spring Annotation Configuration to define Beans and View Resolutions to configure Spring beans, dependencies and the services needed by beans.  • Worked with RDBMS Oracle databases and No SQL data storage technologies like MongoDB.  • Used TypeScript for scheduling and maintenance of batch jobs. Deployed the application in various environments DEV, QA & Production.  • JIRA/ Quality Center for ticketing, Wiki for documentation and designing, implementing fully automated server build, management, monitoring and deployment solutions spanning multiple platforms, tools and technologies like Jenkins Nodes/Agents.  • Played key role in the design and development of application using J2EE and Rest web services (Spring MVC REST frameworks) for Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) with JSON.  • Responsible for working on consuming and producing messages using Spring JMS and Tibco EMS.  • Used TortoiseSVN for version control and JIRA for defect tracking and Confluence for content Management System.  • Created and managed cloud VMs with AWS EC2 command line clients and AWS management console.  • Used Cloud Formation and launch configurations to automate repeatable provisioning of AWS resources through AWS cli and console.  • Analyzed user requirements, Use cases, and business rules to prepare Test Cases.  Environment: Java 8, Agile methodology, Angular JS, Jira, TCP/IP, Jenkins, Oracle DB 12c, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Spring 4.0, Spring Boot, Microservices, Spring Batch, AJAX, Tortoise SVN, jQuery, JSON, XML, Spring JDBC, Restful service, Typescript, Yeoman, Mocha, Chai, Protractor, Gulp, Swagger, AWS. Java- Front End Developer IMI Mobile - Hyderabad, Telangana June 2013 to November 2015 Responsibilities:  • Supported the onshore team for developing the various knowledge research applications.  • Followed Agile methodology that included iterative application development, weekly Sprints and stand up meetings.  • Worked closely with internal clients to define business objectives, project scope, solution space and design/development approach for various knowledge research applications.  • Design the cross-browser multi browser compatible Interfaces using HTML, CSS, Bootstrap and AngularJS frameworks.  • Used Angular.js framework for building web applications with the associates to perceive the user interface layouts. Developed various AngularJS directives to help build the functionality and UI behaviour using JavaScript.  • Built the reusable service components using Angular JS services with Object Oriented JavaScript, JQuery, HTML, CSS3 based on the visual designs.  • Used Angular libraries like angular-UI-router, angular-resource to create the effective single page application and used angular-cookies to temporarily store the data used in this application.  • Used Angular-JS, AJAX for asynchronous validations for the input fields of the forms with the data existed in the database.  • Updated a legacy JSP user interface to a single page web app using Angular, Require, D3Graphs and JQuery Data tables.  • Developed Bootstrap responsive web application pages using Angular.JS services, controllers and directives for front end UI and consumed RESTful web service API.  • Used REST Services to interact with the Web Services enabled application to talk and retrieve data in present application.  • Developed Mean Stack application from the scratch including Mongo DB server setup and Express-JS server development.  • Planned and programmed a work queue system on a NodeJS Server with RabbitMQ and created a REST API allowing users to create jobs and retrieve data from MongoDB.  • Developed REST services using Node-JS, Body-Parser, Mongoose, Underscore-JS, and other node modules to serve the web application with JSON data.  • Developed the functionalities under Agile Methodology, JIRA processes and used JIRA for task assignment, bug tracking and fixture. Used Jasmine on the client side and Mocha to write the tests at server side.  • Resource management using Git version control, Grunt task runner, Composer, and Bower dependency management.  • Implemented best Search Engine Optimization (SEO) techniques for designing webpages. Used CORS to enable cross origin resource sharing for this project by using CORS module in Node-JS.  • Used Continuous delivery / Continuous Integration (CD/CI) tools Docker, Jenkins to deploy this application to AWS and used GIT for Version Control of code for incremental development.  Environment: HTML5, JavaScript, CSS3, jQuery, Ajax, Bootstrap, Angular-JS, Node-JS, RabbitMQ, JSON, MongoDB, RESTful web service, Mocha, Jasmine, Docker, Jenkins, SEO, SASS, Gulp, Agile, Jira, GIT, AWS. Java Developer Miracle Software Systems, Inc June 2012 to May 2013 Responsibilities:  • Interacting with the business analysts to gather the requirements and understanding the functional design specifications for the requirements.  • Followed agile methodologies to execute project. Build the application using TDD (Test Driven Development) approach.  • Designed and developed user interface using front- end technologies like HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery and AJAX.  • Designed the application architecture of the System based on MVC (Model View Controller), Struts Framework and J2EE specifications.  • Utilized pair programming approach to ensure high quality code.  • Used Tiles framework with struts to reduce the redundancy between JSP pages.  • Used Struts-Validator frame-work for all front- end Validations for all the form entries.  • Worked with spring and web services with SOAP by creating SOAP services using Spring Controller class.  • Implemented Spring dependency injection (DI) for all the DAO's, Service Beans.  • Development of server side programming using Servlets, JSP, Struts.  • Designed enterprise level applications on XML schema, SOAP and WSDL technologies.  • Used XPATH, XQuery and XSLT for XML transformations.  • Involved in creating, modifying and tuning SQL queries, prepared statements and stored procedures used by the application  • Used Java Mailing or Messaging Service (JMS) API's for mailing detailed notifications depending upon the success and failure once the backend process is complete and also for mailing administrator of any system related problems.  • Used Oracle as database and Involved in the development of PL/SQL backend implementation and using SQL created Select, Update and Delete statements.  • Implemented the application using the concrete principles laid down by several design patterns such as MVC, BusinessDelegate, SessionFacade, Service Locator, Data Access Object, Singleton and Factory.  • Developed service layer using various J2EE design patterns Singleton, DAO, Factory, and Repository, Builder.  • Used CVS for version control across common source code used by developers and deployed the applications on WebLogic Application Server.  • Used XML Web Services using SOAP to transfer the amount to that is remote and global to different financial institutions.  • Used Java Messaging Services (JMS) for reliable and asynchronous exchange of important information  • Involved in the defect fixes. Configured and created application log files using Log4j required to trace application  • Eclipse is used for development as IDE. Used JUnit for unit testing and repeatable tests for the application  Environment: Java, J2EE, Spring, Hibernate, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, MVC, Struts, Oracle, WebLogic, DAO, servlets, JSP, TDD, Eclipse, XML, SQL, JMS, CVS, SOAP. Education Bachelor's JNTU - Kakinada, Andhra Pradesh 2012 Skills CSS (6 years), DATABASE (6 years), HTML (6 years), JAVA (6 years), JAVASCRIPT (6 years) Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:    Category Expertise/Tools used  Application Development  • Java, JavaScript, Servlets, Drools, Struts framework, XML, EXTJS 3.4, JPA, Hibernate, Spring, ESB, Spring boot.  • SOAP-1.1, JAX-WS 2.0, JAX-RS - Restful Services.  • HTML, CSS, Angular JS, Angular 2, Sencha EXT JS, JQuery, BootStrap.    Servers • Apache Tomcat, JBoss, Websphere Application Server (WAS) 7.0, WebLogic and AWS.  Database  • RDMS: Oracle (11g & 12c), My SQL, MariaDB, HeidiSQL.  • NO SQL: Mongo DB, Cassandra.    IDE • Eclipse/Spring Tool Suite & Intellij IDEA 2017.3  Operating System • Windows, Unix/Linux.  Message Service: • MQ Series, JMS, Apache Kafka.  Repository • SVN, GitHub, Dockyard.  Testing Frameworks • Junit, Mockito, Jasmine, Mocha, Gherkins (CUCUMBER), Selenium, Soap UI.  Platforms Windows (7/ 8/10), UNIX/LINUX