Sr. UI developer Sr. UI <span class="hl">developer</span> Sr. UI developer - Client Volkswagen Tallahassee, FL • Over 6 +years of development experience with HTML, HTML5, XHTML, DOM, CSS, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX and JSON.  • Extensive experience in developing web page quickly and effectively using jQuery, Drupal, HTML5, CSS3, Responsive Web Design, Bootstrap and experience in making web pages cross browser compatible.  • UI/UX development to create a seamless customer experience for a high traffic E-commerce such as word press, and magneto website through desktop mobile and smart phone app interfaces  • Strong Experience in designing and developing the business web applications by "Hand-Coding" methodology with the help of HTML, HTML5, DHTML, XHTML, XML and CSS3 based on the W3C standards.  • Proficient in designing and developing the front end, component-based and object-oriented systems for building multi-tier architecture with hands-on development expertise in front end GUI layer.  • Very good experience in Document Object Model (DOM) and have a strong understanding of DOM Functions, and also experienced in dealing with challenging High Traffic Websites and Cross Browser Issues.  • Excellent experience in developing web pages complying with Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) and ability to apply W3C web standards.  • Experience with creating and consuming RESTful services.  • Responsible for checking Cross Browser Compatibility of different elements and tags hence worked on different browsers like Internet Explorer, Google Chrome, Firefox, Opera, and Safari.  • Strong experience in developing websites using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery and JSON.  • Developed websites using JavaScript frameworks such as AngularJS and BackBoneJS.  • Developed responsive design with Media Queries for mobile applications.  • Strong Experience in dealing with CSS Animations, Backgrounds, Layouts, Positioning, Text, Border, Padding and CSS Box Model.  • Designed web applications and web contents utilizing various Search Engine Optimization (SEO) techniques.  • Held responsible for initiating, planning, construction, execution, monitoring and controlling Web Applications.  • Implemented Presentation layer using CSS Framework, Backbone.js, AngularJS, Wire framing, HTML5.  • Experience on working with CSS Backgrounds, CSS Layouts, CSS Positioning, CSS Animations, CSS Text, CSS Borders, CSS Margin, CSS Padding, CSS Table, Pseudo Classes and Pseudo Elements.  • Gained experience in accessing the data from the Demandware server and used Sandbox for the code integration.  • Have good knowledge on using Backbone.js and Backbone Marionette.js to create new, robust UIs  • Worked in Agile environment in quite a few projects.  • Expertise in Client Side designing and validations using HTML, DHTML and Java Script.  • Sound Understanding and good Experience with Object Oriented Concepts, Object Oriented JavaScript, Object Oriented Design and Implementation.  • Built both table-based and table less websites for clients.  • Strong designer's skills and expertise in using Adobe Photoshop and Adobe Illustrator  • Usage of JSON for faster and impulsive responses.  • Strong Knowledge on Spring and cucumber.  • Significant experience in using tools like Firebug and Chrome Inspector Tools.  • Experience in working with various databases like Oracle, SQL Server, Mongo DB and MySQL.  • Performed A/B and Multivariate testing in different applications.  • Highly motivated, reliable analytical problem solver and trouble-shooter with strong attention to detail.  • Adaptable to new, evolving technologies and can implement them in current projects. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr. UI developer Client Volkswagen - Herndon, VA February 2017 to Present Responsibilities:  • Responsible in design and development of web applications using the latest technologies like Angular, HTML5 and CSS3 also involved in Unit testing.  • Extensive usage of BOOTSTRAP and SASS for responsive web design.  • Used jQuery to make the HTML and CSS code interact with the JavaScript functions to add dynamism to the web pages at the client side.  • Used React-Router to turn application into Single Page Application  • Worked on different changed procedures of Angular 2.0 to Angular 4.0 such as, @Route, Router Outlet, router-link etc.  • Created Angular 2 components implemented Interpolation, Input variables, Bootstrapping, NgFor, NgIf, Router Outlet, binding the click event, Component decorator, binding to the hidden property.  • Coded Angular 2 controllers and directives for application functionality and filters for heavy DOM manipulation. Implemented react JS code to handle cross browser compatibility issues in Mozella, IE 7, 8, 9, Safari and FF.  • Worked in using React JS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, Animations and Flux concept.  • Worked on Angular 2.0/4.0 by consuming RESTful web services with JSON & used Angular 2.0/4.0 forms like Template Driven forms and Modern Driven (Reactive) forms to perform form validations both on server and client side.  • Development of Client-Side Validation techniques using Web RTC and jQuery and Angular JavaScript.  • Used React-Autocomplete for creating google maps location search on the webpage Added Excel-Builder to download the Tabular data in Excel format using react.  • Utilized the Dependency Injection mechanism for simpler way of managing the controllers and scopes.  • Involved in writing application level code to interact with API's, Web Services using AJAX, JSON and XML.  • Implemented XML parsing & JSON parsing for data handling on different application.  • Regular interaction of RESTful API design calls to populate the UI on the app using GET, PUT, POST and DELETE.  • Implemented services, controllers, directives, factory functions to properly consume API on the front end and send back data in JSON format to the back end by capturing in the UI  • Used AJAX framework for asynchronous data transfer between the browser and the server.  • Worked on writing code for integrating merchant API to get all the details about coupons and merchant ID to database.  • Developed API back ends using Node.js to allocate access to data in MYSQL.  • Used date-format and moment packages in Node JS to save the timestamp in database converting into UTC.  • Debugged the website using Chrome Developer's tools and hardcoded the API into script for getting the information about merchants using Node JS.  • Good knowledge of debugging JavaScript and html code with Firefox Firebug and Google chrome Developer tools.  • Performed testing using Jasmine, Karma and Protractor by following Test Driven Development (TTD) approach.  • Used GitHub, version control system as a source repository to organize the code base.  Environment: Angular 2.0/4.0, HTML5/HTML, CSS3/CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, ES6, Node JS, JSON, SQL, Jasmine, Protractor, Source tree. UI Developer Sonexus Health - Lewisville, TX December 2016 to January 2017 Responsibilities:  • Involved in the analysis, design, and development and testing phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC).  • Gathered requirements and understanding them along with functional documents design.  • Designed and developed web applications that conform to accessibility standards (WCAG).  • Responsible for setting up AngularJS framework for UI development. Developed html views with HTML5, CSS3, JSON and AngularJS.  • Used AngularJS components such as Directives, filters, services, controllers for the logical implementation part at client side for all the applications  • Implemented the Drag and Drop functionality using AngularJS framework  • Participated in the research of new technologies like JQUERY-Mobile for few potential mobile app development efforts  • Performed a lot of DOM manipulation using native JS and jQuery for loading and manipulating dynamic content on web pages  • Developed Web Services for data transfer from client to server and vice versa using SOAP and WSDL  • Involved in Wireframe creation and converted the wireframes into HTML and CSS based prototypes.  • Initiated separate local environment setup for UI using Source Tree, Bitbucket, Bower, Handlebars and Grunt.  • Strong Experience in dealing with CSS Animations, Backgrounds, Layouts, Positioning, Text, Border, Padding and CSS Box Model. Integrated canvas api to integrate style guides in all the views.  • Integrated REST webservice calls to get data from response and show them on UI.  • Client Side validations were done using JavaScript.  • Used Spring JDBC to connect to Hana database.  • Fired several queries using PL/SQL to process the data on Hana and Green Plum DB.  • Designed and implemented Connection pooling for high-level performance.  • Using Agile (SCRUM) methodologies for Software Development.  • Using JIRA for bug tracking, issue tracking and project management functions.  • Used JUnit framework for unit testing of application and Maven to build the application and • Deployed it on Tomcat 8  • Worked on Export to Excel and Print functionality and was able to print whole web page in landscape mode.  • Provided production level code to the engineering team for product development, including cross-browser support and CSS optimization  • Created custom directives for common functionality to be used in every views.  • Using GIT as the source control and STASH as repository.  • Responsible for writing Unit tests for services, controllers and directives and used Karma to run the tests.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, AngularJS, D3.JS, JavaScript, jQuery, JSON, Node.js, WebStorm, Hana, Green Plum DB, Jasmine, Karma, Source Tree, Bitbucket, Bower, Handlebars and Grunt. Front End Software Engineer Allstate Insurance Company - Northbrook, IL September 2015 to November 2016 Responsibilities:  • Worked in perfect Agile Scrum methodology for the software development.  • Responsible for creating efficient design and developing User Interaction screens using HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, JavaScript, jQuery AJAX and JSON.  • Used JavaScript, AngularJS for user interactions in pages.  • Worked on creating responsive website for smart devices using responsive design and media queries.  • Have implemented MVC architecture using AngularJS.  • Developed controllers, views and custom directives using AngularJS.  • Utilized various JavaScript and jQuery libraries, AJAX for form validation and other interactive features.  • Involved in designing and developing the JSON, XML Objects.  • Used Ajax, JSON to send request to the server to check the functionality of the websites.  • Testing the website on multiple browsers with their old as well as latest release.  • Interacted with back end services (ASP.NET) team in creation of Data Model.  • Used JSON for storing and exchanging information between browsers and servers.  • Using complex Object Oriented concepts in improving the performance of the websites.  • Used AngularJS to develop a standalone test application, in scope of future usage of the framework.  • Created forms to collect and validate data from the user in HTML and AngularJS.  • Performed a lot of DOM manipulation using native JS and JQuery for loading and manipulating dynamic content on web pages.  • Development of Client Side Validation techniques using WebRTC and JQuery and Angular JavaScript  • Responsible for authoring of website functionality with JavaScript, HTML, CSS.  • Implemented Unit Tests in Jasmine and End to End Tests in Protractor.  • Worked closely with the User Experience (UX) team in determining the Content and Wireframes.  • Also worked with QC and UAT team in fixing the reported bugs/defects and checking cross platform compatibility.  • Been an active team player, helped in fixing bugs and also carried out troubleshooting.  • Produced semantically appropriate, standards compliant markup, and produced Rich User Interfaces.  Environment: HTML4.0/5, CSS3, WebRTC, JavaScript, AngularJS, AJAX, JSON, XML, DOM, Visual Studio, native JS, JIRA, Bootstrap. Front End Developer Voya Financial - Windsor, CT March 2014 to August 2015 Responsibilities:  • Worked on User interface using HTML, CSS and JavaScript  • Worked on Business logic using .NET and ASP.NET framework.  • Worked on backend using MySQL Server database  • Performed a lot of DOM manipulation using native JS and JQuery for loading and manipulating dynamic content on web pages.  • Participated in the research of new technologies like JQUERY-Mobile for few potential mobile app development efforts  • Performed a lot of DOM manipulation using native JS and jQuery for loading and manipulating dynamic content on web pages  • Development of Client Side Validation techniques using WebRTC and JQuery and Angular JavaScript  • Primary role in integrating all three layers of projects following MVC Model.  • Written both server side and client-side validation.  Environment: HTML, JavaScript, CSS, DHTML, MS Office, Firefox, Windows XP Front End Developer Arvest Bank - Lowell, AR January 2011 to February 2014 Responsibilities:  • To analyze the requirements and develop enhancements that will mostly benefit users.  • Used HTML to develop websites.  • Modified the existing website by adding suitable naming conventions and coding standards.  • Worked with user interfaces and applied usability principle to portals.  • Primary role was to improve GUI, solve the navigational issues and provide support to the senior web developers.  • To control the usability, aesthetics, speed and communication of the websites.  • Used Wireframes to draw the user requirements.  • Developed clickable prototypes in HTML, DHTML, CSS and JavaScript.  • Tested web sites and fixed any existing bugs using Firebug.  • Provide maintenance to several websites.  • Responsible for code optimization and test the website across different browsers.  Environment: HTML, JavaScript, CSS, DHTML, MS Office, Firefox, Windows XP. Education Bachelor's Skills CSS (7 years), HTML (7 years), JAVASCRIPT (7 years), WINDOWS XP (4 years), DATABASE (4 years), React, UI, Front End, Front-End, Angular Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS    Languages: C, C++, C#, JAVA, Python  Web Technologies: HTML, HTML5, CSS, CSS3, Bootstrap.js, AngularJS, Backbone.js,  JavaScript, JSON, XHTML, AJAX, jQuery  Graphics Tool: Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator  Framework: jQuery UI, Kendo  Developer Tools: Eclipse IDE, WebStorm, Dreamweaver, Firebug, MS-Visio, MS Visual Studio  Other Technologies: Agile Methodology, WaterFall  Version Control: ClearCase, SVN, GIT  Database: PL/SQL(oracle), MySQL, MSSQL  Operating Systems: Windows XP/Vista/7, Mac OS X, Unix, Linux