UI/ Front End Developer UI/<span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> UI/ Front End Developer - HAB Bank New York, NY • About 6 years of professional experience in all phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) including Applications Design, Development, Integration, Installation, Implementation, Maintenance, Testing, and Debugging of various client/server web applications using web technoloiges in various environments.  • Experience in all phases of Software Development Life Cycle and Software Development methodologies like Agile /Scrum , Waterfall etc.  • Strong understanding and working experience on various Design patterns like MVC, MVVM, Facade.  • Good understanding of the Document Object Model (DOM) and DOM Functions along with experience in Object Oriented Programming Concepts, Object Oriented JavaScript and implementation.  • Experience in building application using MEAN stack: MONGODB, Angular JS, Express JS and Node JS.  • Expertise in Client Scripting language and server side scripting languages like HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript with ECMA6 features, TypeScript, jQuery, JSON, Bootstrap, Angular 4+, Express JS, Node.js.  • Experience in developing Reactive Single Page Applications (SPA) using Angular2, Angular4 with expertise in creating User Controls, Web Forms and performing client side validations using JavaScript, JQuery and Angular.js.  • Experience in CSS preprocessor LESS and SASS for dynamically styling Developed HTML templates and performed client-side Validation using JavaScript  • Enhance the applications with new add-on features, using ReactJS framework on front- end and Node JS on back- end with ECMAScript 6 features.  • Strong Experience in dealing with CSS Animations, Backgrounds, Layouts, Positioning, Text, Border, Padding, Margin, Table, Sprites, Behaviors, Psuedo Classes, Psuedo Elements and CSS Box Model.  • Experience in designing web applications and web contents utilizing various Search Engine Optimization (SEO) techniques.  • Experience in designing, developing both Apple IOS and Android Hybrid mobile applications.  • Extensively used Node.js for server side scripting and Node Package Manager (NPM) for updating the application from codebase.  • Experiences on React JS to implement rich functions in various pages: form validation, crud, grid list, search, sort, pagination, multi-selection, tags-input, advanced/custom directives, authentication, unit tests etc.  • Experience in configuration management systems (Build/CI/SCM) like Maven, SVN, CVS, Git, GIT-HUB, Jenkins.  • Excellent understanding of the W3C web stfnandards and their underlying implementations by various browsers and have experience working on different browsers like Safari, Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox and Google chrome and making the web pages cross browser compatible.  • Experience and full understanding of Software Development Life Cycle, Agile software development methodology. Solid ability to work on Agile.  • Experience in interactive design and development and in effective interactive design solutions that meet business, project, and design goals, based on standards and guidelines.  • Strong problem-solving, organizing, communication and planning skills, with ability to work in team environment and Good written and oral communication skills and Interpersonal skills with a strong ability to excel through collaboration with team members. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience UI/ Front End Developer HAB Bank - New York, NY September 2018 to Present New York, NY Sep 2018 - Till Date  The bank needed to revamp its transactional processing infrastructure and system features that supported the Online Banking feature. This included re-developing the entire online business solution with more comprehensively defined business and user requirements.  Role: UI/ Front End Developer  Responsibilities:  • Migrated Legacy application into Single Page MEAN stack application.  • Used MVC architecture of Framework for developing web applications and to simplify the code complexity.  • Developed end to end application with agile methodology and daily stand-up meetings.  • Performed form validations using reactive forms for sign in and inputting ticket rising information from Angular4 framework.  • Involved in the creation of interface to manage user menu and Bulk update of Attributes using Angular4, Node.Js, JQuery, Webpack.  • Implemented SPA by using several in built core directives, expressions and modules in perspective of Angular4.  • Developed a component that varies content based on the user's navigation by using router- outlet directive in Angular4.  • Implemented Angular 4 services to communicate with Express.js on the server-side in-order to perform CRUD operations on database.  • Worked with Express.js for development of RESTful web services and middleware configurations.  • Developed Node JS Frameworks which will be interfacing with data stores as well as frameworks and services.  • Integrated modules with designs and requirements by implementing Node JS.  • Worked on Node JS to improve all server-side logic, maintain centralized database, and ensure high performance and responsiveness to requests from the front- end.  • Involved in developing UI pages using (Angular 4) calling the Rest API from Backend.  • Involved in developing the web pages using (Angular 4) which are powerful in building the Single page web applications.  • Used Typescript as compiler to compile typescript code into JavaScript, and used Typing to manage Typescript definition.  • Used MEAN Stack Methodology to develop a dynamic website from scratch.  • Created REST clients to consume data from other partner applications and involved in creating POC's using MEAN stack and enhancing existing REST API's developed using Angualr JS, Node-JS, Express-JS and Mongo-db.  • Used Jenkins for continuous integration.  • Connected server and database to update data information with Node.js and MongoDB.  • Enhance the applications with new add-on features, using ReactJS framework on front- end and Node JS on back- end with ECMAScript 6 features.  • Developer server-side application using Express.js framework and followed MVC architecture  • Altered existing UI layouts and created new layouts with SASS (CSS Pre-processor) to oblige new modifications in website design.  • Used Maven for Build automation, GIT for Version Control to track check-ins and rollback code.  Environment: MEAN Stack, HTML5, CSS, SASS, Bootstrap, Node.JS, Angular 4, Express.JS, MongoDB, Typescript, JavaScript, ECMASCRIPT 6, Ajax, Restful, Microservices, Jenkins, Maven, Agile, Scrum, GitHub, XML, SOAP, JQuery, Windows. UI/ Front End Developer Kate Spade - New York, NY January 2017 to August 2018 NYC, NY Jan 2017 - Aug 2018  This project was an Ecommerce web based application which allowed the customer to get a view of all the products in the store and buy them online. The application mainly dealt with the online payment and billings. It provides a search feature which uses Regular Expression or pattern matching with a user interface called Search box through which consumers can access and view latest and top selling products/offers. It uses Secure Good payment Gateway solution for customer to make a payment.  Role: UI/ Front End Developer  Responsibilities:  • Followed Agile/Scrum methodology of software development which satisfies the Customer through early and continuous delivery of valuable software.  • Designed the front- end applications, user interactive (UI) web pages using web technologies like HTML5, XHTML, and CSS3, Responsive Web Design and Bootstrap.  • Developed scalable applications using the MEAN (MongoDB + Express.JS + Angular.JS + Node.JS) stack.  • Trained in the development of hybrid mobile applications using AngularJS, Strong loop, Mongo, HTML & CSS.  • Designed Frontend Mobile applications in object oriented Typescript with standard Framework using Angular 2.  • Created Responsive Layouts for multiple devices and platforms.  • Analyzed recorded and modified client-server traffic using an HTTP monitor with SOAP  • Developed Chrome Apps using HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript to extend the development capability.  • Used CSS Sprites to decrease the number of HTTP requests and load time of web pages.  • Created Template Driven Forms and Reactive Forms in Angular 2.  • Implemented Services to share logic across different components in Angular 2.  • Developed certain features of the application functionality i.e. CRUD (Create, read, update, delete) features using Responsive Web Design (RWD).  • Maintained Cross Browser compatibility & implement Responsive Web Design using Twitter Bootstrap and custom media queries, etc.  • Written services and factories, which contain reusable business logic, which were injected into controllers so the logic can be extracted and used with a restful web API.  • Created MongoDB database schema design, store JSON format data, and retrieve data from database using Mongoose drivers.  • Using tools like GIT for version controlling, chrome developer tools for Debugging and Jenkins for deploying the code to different environments.  • Developed event-based Node JS to perform AJAX operations on the server side.  • Created RESTful APIs using ExpressJs and NodeJs.  • Coordinating and tracking all projects for seamless releases using Project Management System JIRA.  • Worked on Grunt.js as Task Runner , command line build tool and used GIT for version control.  • Used IE and chrome developer tools for debugging and fixing the front end issues.  Environment: HTML5, XHTML, CSS3, SASS, JavaScript, Angular2, Express.JS, Node JS, JQuery, MongoDB, Bootstrap, Jenkins, Rest Api , Microservices, GIT, JIRA, Windows. Web/UI Developer Crestech - Noida, Uttar Pradesh January 2016 to December 2016 Responsibilities:  • Extensively involved in requirements gathering and analyzing them, checking the dependencies and design.  • Used jQuery to traverse through a DOM tree and manipulated the nodes in the tree and Implemented the Drag and Drop functionality using jQuery framework.  • Debug the application using Firebug too traverse the documents and manipulated the nodes using DOM and DOM functions.  • Worked on highly advanced user interface design and development using JavaScript, Angular JS, Node JS, HTML5 and CSS, SASS.  • Developed and designed internet web applications and wrote application level code to interact with APIs using AJAX, JSON and XML.  • Called REST web services through services to get JSON Object and modified the response object to display in DOM.  • Responsible for creating the screens with table-less designs meeting W3C standards.  • Implemented various Validation Controls for client-side validation and implemented custom validation controls.  • Worked on Bootsrap to Create responsive web design interface that caters to different screen sizes.  • Worked closely with back- end developers to find ways to push the limits of existing Web technology in service of creating the best possible user experience.  • Working on Git version control and source tree.  • Utilized JavaScript to build validation framework that consume error messages from JSON file and displaying them to UI.  • Worked with Data Tables, a table enhancing plug-in for the jQuery ,JavaScript library, adding sorting, paging and filtering abilities to plain HTML tables.  • Worked extensively on various pages to make them responsive with all kinds of resolutions using bootstrap.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, SASS, AngularJS, Node.js, jQuery, JavaScript, JSON, Rest Api, bootstrap, Jenkins, Git, Windows Web Developer NepaDristi Pvt. Ltd. Kathmandu - Kathmandu, NP August 2013 to December 2015 Responsibilities:  • Followed Agile Software Development Methodology in the progress of the project.  • Implemented user interface guidelines and standards throughout the development and maintenance of the website using JavaScript, JQuery, CSS3, and HTML5.  • Ability to rapidly prototype interface designs in hand-coded validating, standards-compliant, and semantically rich code and be aware of cross-browser compatibility and bugs.  • Understanding of application development lifecycle methodologies.  • Used Node JS to develop the back end components, connect the application with the other web services.  • Developed AngularJS functionality in the application to provide two-way binding to the system.  • Coded pages with best Search Engine Optimization (SEO) techniques.  • Committed code change into repository by using version control tool Git.  • Designed of REST APIs that allow sophisticated, effective and low cost application integrations.  • Extensively worked on Jenkins for continuous integration (CI) and for End to End automation for all build and deployments.  • Created and optimized graphic prototype websites and applications interfaces using HTML5 and CSS3.  • Involved in write application level code to interact with APIs, Web Services using AJAX, JSON and XML.  Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQUERY, AngularJS, AJAX, JSON, XML, Jenkins, ECLIPSE, Git, Apache, Windows. Education Master in Computer Science Monroe College - New York, NY 2019 Bachelors in Information Management in Information Management Tribhuwan University 2015 Skills Git, HTML, JAVASCRIPT, ANGULAR.JS, BOOTSTRAP, NODE.JS, JENKINS, JSON, SVN, XML, XSLT, AJAX, CSS, DHTML, WEB DESIGN, WEB SERVICES, HTML5, SASS, SOAP, ECLIPSE, Front End, UI, React, Angular, Front-End Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:  Operating System Windows, Linux, UNIX  SDLC methodologies Waterfall, Agile/Scrum  Web Development Technologies HTML/HTML5, DHTML/XHTML, XML, XSLT, CSS3/CSS4, JSON, JavaScript , JQuery, AJAX  UI Frameworks Angular.js, Angular2, Angular4, React.js, Node.js, Bootstrap, Responsive Web Design (RWD), JQuery, JQuery UI  Web Services Soap, Rest/Restful  CSS Co-Processors LESS, SASS  IDE/HTML Editors Sublime Text, Notepad++, Eclipse, Net Beans  Version Control Tools SVN, Git,GitHub  Build and CI Tools Maven, Jenkins