Front End Engineer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> Engineer Front End Engineer - Factory Wheels Phoenix, AZ • With 5+ Years of IT experience in development of web-based, client/server, distributed and Object-oriented applications.  • Involved in various Phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) i.e. Analysis, Design, Development, Implementation, Testing and User Training of Enterprise Web-Applications, stand alone and Distributed applications.  • Strong knowledge of SCRUM, Agile frontend development.  • Extremely proficient with JavaScript and JavaScript libraries.  • Extensive Experience in developing the projects using Visual Studio Code, ReactJS, Redux, Angular JSON, AJAX, JavaScript and JQuery.  • //Experience in writing Stored SQL  • Extensive exposure on MVC frameworks like Angular JS for creating Single-Page Applications(SPA) using concepts like Dependency Injection, Promises, Services, Scope, Controllers and Directives.  • Proficient in using User controls and custom controls for application development.  • Experience in implementing Authentication and Authorization for the applications.  • Extremely skilled and efficient in developing responsive web application using CSS3, Bootstrap, LESS and SASS.  • Ability to adapt for new tools and technologies quickly and apply to the applications/projects.  • Innovative with a special talent for trouble shooting and resolving complex technical problems and escalated issues.  • Experience in implementing error handling, exception management, tracing and logging features.  • A team player with excellent interpersonal, communication and presentation skills. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Front End Engineer Factory Wheels May 2017 to Present Responsibilities:  • Extensive experience in developing web pages using HTML, JavaScript, React JS, Redux, XML, DHTML CSS/CSS3, SASS, LESS, Flex, JQuery, JSON, Node.js, Ajax, JQUERY Bootstrap.  • Developed front- end code with Ajax call in ReactJS and jQuery to retrieve data as JSON Object from controllers in back- end RESTful Server.  • Created the Node.js EXPRESS Server combined with Socket.io to build MVC framework from front- end side AngularJS to back- end MongoDB, in order to provide broadcast service as well as chatting service.  • Displayed the well-organized reusable web pages by using React components.  • Implemented authentication and authorization.  • Implemented AJAX for partial page execution and asynchronous data transfer between service layer and client.  • Involved in unit testing for the change request and the defects. Implemented Business Objects layers using npm and new features like arrow functions, let and const, and promises.  • Created data objects in SQL server by creating stored procedures and functions.  • Developed web services and invoked them by using XML, SOAP, REST and WSDL for creating proxy classes.  • Used ES6, Typescript, Spring MVC and lambda expressions for communicating between Business Logic Layer and Data Access Layer.  • Performed validations by using client-side validations and filters.  • Worked on tuning the SQL Queries for better performance by looking at the different tools like SQL Profiler and execution plans.  • Developed Unit Test cases.  • Used Team Foundation Server for managing version of the source code and all project related documents and tasks.  Environment: React, Redux, REST, JavaScript, JQuery, Angular, AngularJS, Node, AJAX, Visual Studio, PHP, HTML5, CSS, XML UI Developer Moonbeam Solutions July 2014 to May 2017 Responsibilities:  • Dynamic web site design and programming using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery.  • Responsible for creating efficient design and developing User Interaction screens using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery AJAX and JSON.  • Worked in using React JS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, Animations and Flux concept.  • Developed interface to display report data using jQuery, AJAX, JavaScript and JSON, XML  • Designed the front- end applications, user interactive (UI) web pages using web technologies like HTML, XHTML, and CSS.  • Used AJAX and JSON to make asynchronous calls to the project server to fetch data.  • Responsive web design implementation (RWD) of CSS3 media queries.  • Worked within AGILE team environment and participated in multiple scrum meetings to discuss planning and development needs for current cycle.  • Used Web based GIT repository Manager.  • Used Web services (SOAP and RESTful) for transmission of large blocks of XML/JSON.  • Closely interacted with QA and Backend Teams.  • Used Web based GIT repository Manager.  • Worked within AGILE team environment and participated in multiple scrum meetings to discuss planning and development needs for current cycle.    Environment: JavaScript, HTML5, CSS, XML, JSON, JQuery, React, Redux, REST, Angular, Node, AJAX, Visual Studio, PHP Education B-TECH in Technology Mahatma Gandhi University - St Joseph College of Engineering Skills HTML, Jquery, SQL, XML, Sql Server, Linux, Javascript