Sr. Front End/UI Developer Sr. <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span>/UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> Sr. Front End/UI Developer Minneapolis, MN ? Around 6 years of extensive experience in Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), which includes User Interaction, , Development, Implementation, Integration, Documentation, Testing, and Deployment using java/J2EE technologies.  ? Extensive experiences in UI Development, Web UI analysis, Responsive design, coding, unit testing, implementation and Support working with various projects.  ? Also having Good experience in Developing Web Service Applications using User Interface (UI) Technologies like Object Oriented JavaScript, JavaScript & UI Libraries/Frameworks, Angular JS, Angular 2 , 4, React JS, NodeJS, Twitter Bootstrap, HTML5, CSS3, DHTML, XML, XSLT, AJAX, jQuery, JSON.  ? Experienced in the functional usage of business applications using WebLogic,Web Sphere, IBM WebSphere Application and Portal Server (WAS/WPS), JBoss and Tomcat.  ? UI Designing, Development and Testing of Web Forms using ASP.NET, C#, XML ADO.NET and .NET Framework  ? Experience in all phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) including Analysis, Design, Development, Documentation, Testing, Deployment, Version Control and production support.  ? Extensive knowledge in developing end-to- end applications using MEAN stack technologies NodeJs, Ember.js, Angular.js/2 and Mongo DB.  ? Good knowledge of new features of Java 8 Annotations, Generics, enhanced for loop.  ? Experience in working with cutting edge front- end technologies/frame work and libraries like jQuery, Prototype, DHTML, JSON, DOM, CSS, XML, AJAX.  ? Experience in building enterprise Applications and Distributed Systems using technologies such as Core Java, J2EE (Servlets, JSP, JSF, EJB, Hibernate, Spring, Struts, JDBC, JMS) and XML.  ? Experienced in using IDEs such as Eclipse, My Eclipse, IntelliJ, RAD, and Net Beans.  ? Extensive knowledge in developing applications in a single page (SPAs) using various JavaScript frameworks like Angular JS, Backbone.js, React JS, Node JS and Bootstrap.  ? Extensively worked on Java, J2EE Technologies like, Spring, Struts, JSP, Servlets, EJB, JMS, XML, RMI, WebSphere, Tomcat, Oracle, SQL, PL/SQL, etc.  ? Experience working with web services using SOAP, UDDI, WSDL, REST and implementation using Spring REST  ? Extensive Experience in using MVC (Model View Controller) or MVW architecture for developing applications using JSP, Servlets.  ? Excellent experience in Restful Web services and Big Web service development and consumption using (JAX-RS and JAX-WS).  ? Expertise in configuring version controls like CVS, SVN, Clear Case and VSS.  ? Good Understanding of Document Object Model (DOM) and DOM Functions.  ? Experience of responsive web design (RWD) using CSS3 media queries and using Bootstrap framework.  ? Experience in working MVC Architecture and also in using version control (SVN) andGitHub.  ? Involved in use of Angular 2 technologies to include LESS, SASS and additional technologies to ensure current migration from Angular JS 1.6 to Angular 2.0.  ? Experienced in React JS and working with Redux architecture with Webpack& babel-polyfill environment.  ? Experience using React-Router to turn application into Single Page Application.  ? Used Node JS for heavy DOM manipulation.  ? Developed server side JavaScript using Node JS andnpm.  ? Expertise in coding optimized SQL queries on databases like MySQL.  ? Hands on experience in UML Modeling using Rational Rose, UMLet.  ? Designed the table less web applications using CSS(2.1/3) and with the help of tags as per W3C standards.  ? Involvement in using various IDE's, Notepad++, Dreamweaver, Eclipse, SublimeText, WebStorm 9, Atom, EditPlus, JIRA.  ? Experience working with testing tools like Firebug, Firebug Lite, Chrome or Safari Web Inspectors and IE Developer Toolbar.  ? Experienced in working in Agile environment and participating in Scrum sessions (TDD Test Driven Development).  ? Ability to write well-documented, well-commented, clear and maintainable efficient code for web development.  ? Excellent work experience with Version Control Tools such as CVS, Rational ClearCase, SVN and GitHub  ? Self-motivated Team player with excellent interpersonal and communicational skills.  ? Ability to learn and adapt quickly to the emerging new technologies. Work Experience Sr. Front End/UI Developer Wells Fargo,Minneaplois, MN February 2018 to Present Responsibilities:  ? Responsible for requirement analysis, design, develop, implementation and testing the application using Java/J2EE technologies.  ? Responsible for transforming design mock-ups to W3C standards compliant HTML pages using XHTML, CSS, JavaScript, and jQuery, JSP/JSON, XML and XSLT.  ? Experience in design and development of applications using .NET Framework, C#.NET, ADO.NET, LINQ, Visual Studio 2003/2005/2008, AJAX, SQL Server 2008, UML.  ? Worked on various mobile frameworks like jQuery mobile.  ? Built Web pages that are more user-interactive using Angular 4, HTML5, CSS3, RESTful API Services, JavaScript, Git, and JSON.  ? Responsible for designing mobile applications.  ? Responsible for the design of the CRM application right from the conceptualization stage to its implementation and maintenance.  ? Developed callback functions to parse and handle JSON data returned from the server. The tech stack is LESS, and cutting edge server side technologies.  ? Developed different components of the application such as JSPs, Servlets, DAOs and Used Subversion SVN for version control.  ? Developed classes in Business Layer and in Data Access Layer in C#  ? Developed the classes using C#, which incorporate N-tier architecture and database connectivity.  ? Created sites to organize client contracts and to summarize monthly financial data using Ember.js, D3.js and MySql.  ? Used various libraries of JavaScript like jQuery, backbone.js, Ember.js Require.js and node.js to develop User Interface of web pages.  ? Implemented Angular app with CRUD features utilizing all concepts of Angular 4 i.e. Data binding, Components, Directives, in-built and user-defined directives, Routing, Observables, Forms, Pipes, Services with Dependency Injection.  ? Used XML Web services which implement the SOAP protocol for transferring data between different applications.  ? Built Web pages that are more user-interactive using Angular 4, HTML5, Hibernate, CSS3, RESTFUL API Services, JavaScript, Bootstrap and JSON.  ? Worked on Spring IOC, Spring Boot, JMS and Hibernate.  ? Created Responsive Design (Mobile/Tablet/Desktop) using HTML5&CSS3.  ? Used GIT repository for software configuration management and version control.  ? Implemented user interface guidelines and standards throughout the development and maintenance of the website using DHTML, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript.  ? Used AJAX and angular promises to make API calls.  ? Involved in setting up configuring the testing environment with Eclipse, Junit, and Selenium RC and Selenium Java client driver.  ? Configured and deployed the web application using WebLogic Application Server.  ? Used Eclipse to develop source code and debug the application  ? Worked on unit testing the application using Jasmine, Karma.  ? Implemented Angular Controllers to maintain each view data.  ? Developed services with Angular 2- injectable property, as to make the service available for dependency injection when creating components.  ? Involved in developing and maintaining services-based architecture utilizing open source technologies like Hibernate ORM and spring MVC Framework.  ? Created custom filters using Angular 2.  ? Performed form validations using reactive forms from Angular 2 framework.  ? Collaborated with designers to create responsive Single Page Applications (SPA) on with Angular 4Routing.  ? Maintaining Parent and child elements by using State and Props in React JS.  ? Expertise in analyzing the Document Object Model (DOM) Layout, DOM Functions, and Java Script functions, Cascading Styles across cross-browser using Fire Bug, Developer Tool Bar.  ? Experienced in working with redux architecture using complex Object-Oriented concepts in improving the performance of the websites.  ? Configured and deployed the web application using WebLogic Application Server.  ? Experience in using React JS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, Redux, Animations and Flux concept.  ? Pleasant Experience in React.js for creating interactive UI's using One-way data flow, Virtual DOM, JSX, concepts.  ? Wrote services to store data and retrieve user data from MongoDB for the application.  ? Used GIT for version control and Source Tree to facilitate it and Jenkins for continuous integration.  ? Used Node JS to run ES6 and Webpack tasks to build properly the project.  ? Involved in many requirement gathering discussions and closely worked with business as an SME.  ? Created stubbed JSON files ahead to determine Java engineers the structure for the form.    Environment: OO JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3, Angular JS 1.4, Angular 2, ES6, React JS, Webpack, Redux, GITHub, Node JS, JQuery, Bootstrap js, JSON, AJAX, DHTML, XML, Gulp, Grunt, Eclipse, Sublime Text, Backbone.JS, MongoDB, Sketch, Dreamweaver Sr. Front End Developer USAA - San Antonio, TX June 2016 to January 2018 Responsibilities:  ? Closely worked with business system analysts to understand the requirements to ensure that right set of UI modules are built.  ? Designed the front- end applications, user interactive (UI) web pages using web technologies like HTML5, XHTML, CSS3 and ReactJS.  ? Involved in Web design and development, application development using Sketch, HTML, JavaScript and Dreamweaver.  ? Used Object Oriented Programming concepts to develop UI components that could be reused across the Web Application.  ? Developed the User Interface using HTML 5, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery and AJAX.  ? Used AJAX and JSON to make asynchronous calls to the project server to fetch data on the fly.  ? Built a custom cross-platform architecture using Java, Spring Core/MVC, and Hibernate.  ? Implemented user interface guidelines and standards throughout the development and maintenance of the website using DHTML (HTML, CSS and JavaScript).  ? Used Web Services for creating rate summary and used WSDL and SOAP messages for getting data from different module and used SAX XML parsers for data retrieval.  ? Developed Web App for Cross device interaction between, desktop browser, iPhone and iPad, using advanced HTML5 Web APIs, SASS, CSS3, Web Sockets.  ? Built XML based data exchanges; used DOM for parsing and XML creation out of Java code.  ? Developed and designed XML Schemas to transport and store data. XML was used to simplify data and allow for Platform Changes, as well as making data more available across the applications distributed platforms.  ? Extensively used XSLT to transform XML documents to HTML.  ? Wrote customjQueryplugins and developed JavaScript functions to build a bleeding-edge, AJAX-driven user interface.  ? Developed the application using Spring Web MVC and other components of the Spring Framework, the controller being Spring Core Dispatcher Servlet. Also implemented Dependency Injection using the spring framework.  ? Implemented SOAP consumer services using JAX-WS which communicates with backend Legacy Systems.  ? Used Apache Tomcat server to deploy and test applications.  ? Wrote spring configuration file to define beans, define data source and MyBatis properties.  ? Worked on jQuery Lightbox for creating image and video galleries.  ? Worked on creating an API layer on NodeJS server and developing 3rd party Web apps to interact with the API server.  ? Implemented SOA architecture with web services using C, SOAP, WSDL, UDDI and XML.  ? Coded different deployment descriptors using XML. Generated Jar files are deployed on Apache Tomcat Server.  ? Imported and managed multiple corporate applications into SVN.  ? Used Express, EJS, jQuery, and MySQL.  ? Actively involved in designing, developing and testing of J2EE components like Java Beans, Java, XML, Collection Framework, JSP, spring and MyBatis.  ? Implementation of Ehcache as a second level cache in the DAO layer for MyBatis.  ? Developed the java code using Eclipse as IDE.  ? Created AJAX calls to exchange (request / responses) information with database.  ? Developed social network services for user interaction using Ajax, JavaScript, CSS and DHTML.  ? Used Subversion (SVN) as a repository tool and as a version control.  ? Worked on Angular JS 1.4 features like Two Way Binding, Custom Directives, Controllers, Filters, Services and Project Architecture.  ? Familiar in writing Custom Directives in Angular JS, making use of modules and Filters objects according to the application requirement by business users.  ? Worked on React JS Virtual Dom and React views, rendering using components which contains additional components called custom HTML tags.  ? Implemented various screens for the front end using React.js and used various predefined components from NPM (Node Package Manager) and Redux library.  ? Worked in using React JS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, Animations, and Flux concept.  ? Responsible for React UI and architecture. Building components library, including Tree, Slide-View, and Table Grid.    Environment: HTML, XHTML, XML, XSLT, XPATH, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, JSP, JSON, AJAX, React js, NPM,Redux, Flux, DOM, MySQL,Aptana Studio 2.0, Eclipse, SVN, Sub Version, MySQL UI Developer Citi - Tampa, FL October 2013 to May 2016 Responsibilities:  ? Developed the front- end applications, user interactive (UI) web pages using web technologies like HTML and CSS.  ? Developed non-functional HTML, CSS pages from the mock ups and involved in UI review with UI architect and Business Units.  ? Involved in discussions with the Business Analysts to identify the technical requirements for CRM application.  ? Developed Page layouts, Navigations and presented designs and concepts to the Business and the management to review.  ? Developed web presentation layer using HTML5 and CSS3 according to internal standards and guidelines.  ? Developed pages using Responsive Design with cross browser compatibility  ? Extensively used JQuery in implementing various GUI components.  ? Involved in write application level code to interact with APIs, Web Services using AJAX, JSON and jQuery.  ? Involved in discussions on how to implement the business requirements in the application based on different roles of customers.  ? Extensively used Hibernate in data access layer to access and updates in the database.  ? Designed and developed CRM web applications using JSP, JavaScript, HTML5 and CSS3.  ? Used NetBeans as the Java IDE in the development of the application.  ? Implemented user interface guidelines and standards throughout the development and maintenance of the website using DHTML (HTML, CSS and JavaScript).  ? Developed consumer and producer of SOAP annotation based web-services using JAX-WS. This includes features like WS-Security standards, role-based security to restrict access to resources.  ? Used Apache Struts2 framework to enable the interactions between JSP/View layer and implemented different design patterns with J2EE and XML technology.  ? Used React JS for templating for faster compilation and developing reusable components.  ? Used React-autocomplete for creating google maps location search on the webpage.  ? Configured Web pack to execute linters, magnifiers, pre/post-processors, tests, transpires, etc. based on build target.  ? Used Web Services (SOAP & WSDL) to exchange data between portal and other modules of the application.  ? Used Maven as a build tool, run different phases and manipulate them according to requirements.  ? Used multithreading in programming to improve overall performance using Singleton design pattern in Hibernate Utility class  ? Utilized React for its efficient data flow architecture to create a lightweight and render efficient web app that searched projects via the GitHubAPI through keywords.  ? Developed the React container and presentational components (as Stateless and Functional components when applicable).  ? Worked with Exception Handling in SOAP/REST  ? Used Maven as the build tool and GIT as the Repository.  ? Implemented persistence layer using Hibernate that use the POJOs to represent the persistence database tables  ? Involved in writing configuration centric files/modes for various services using XML capabilities and also wrote message bundles forApacheStruts2, camel and JAX-RS.  ? Developed the application using NetBeans as the IDE and used Netbeans plug-in features for editing, debugging, compiling, formatting, build automation, test case template generation, mutator/accessor code generation, and GIT.  ? Worked with web services using SOAP/REST Annotations using JERSEY implementation.  ? Designed the table less web applications using CSS and with the help of and tags as per W3C standards.  ? Worked on backend validations on the service layer of the application using J2EE in testing process.  ? Writing JavaScript forNode JS applications that is useful for interacting with server and network applications.  ? Worked on JQuery mobile which is based on HTML 5 for designing user interfaces for web applications.  ? Worked on JavaScript OOP, Selenium, and Cucumber JS for synchronization of data.    Environment: HTML5, DHTML, XHTML, CSS3, jQuery, JSON, JSP, J2EE, NetBeans,AJAX, JavaScript, Apache Struts2, JSTL, React js, Webpack, Git, NodeJS, Education Bachelor's Skills Html, Javascript, Bootstrap, Redux, Typescript, Json, Svn, Xml, Xslt, Eclipse, J2ee, Java, jquery, Jsp, Servlets, Ajax, Css, Dhtml, Angularjs, Html5 Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:    Languages/Methodologies: Java/8, J2EE, PL-SQL, JavaScript, Agile, Waterfall Technologies JSP, Servlets, JDBC, CSS.  Web Technologies: HTML/HTML5, CSS2/CSS3, DHTML, XML, XHTML, XSLT, JavaScript, AJAX, jQuery, JSON.  Frameworks: Ext JS 3.0, Backbone.js, AngularJS 1.4, Angular 2/4 Node JS, React JS, Redux, ES6, Typescript, Bootstrap, Jasmine, Karma, Grunt/Gulp, Mocha.  IDE & Tools: Eclipse, Atom, Aptana Studio, WebStorm, Adobe Flash Professional + Action Script 2.0/3.0, JIRA, IntelliJ.  Version Control: Perforce, CVS, SVN, Github.  Development Tools: Adobe Photoshop CS5, Google Ad Words, Yahoo Search Marketing.  Operating Systems: Windows, UNIX/LINUX.