Front End Developer / Web Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> / Web <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End Developer / Web Developer - Comcast West Chester, PA ? Over 8+ years of experience in the field of Web Application Development including Client/Server with proficiency in web technologies and web designing tools.  ? Expert in IT experience which includes the experience in designing User Interface (UI) applications and professional web applications using HTML 4.0/5, XHTML, CSS2/CSS3, JAVASCRIPT, JQUERY, AJAX, Node JS, Type Script ,Angular JS, JSON and XML, developing Client/Server and Distributed applications using JAVA/ J2EE.  ? 3+ years of Strong experience in building ecommerce application using the JavaScript: Angular JS, Express.js, React.js and Node.js.  ? 6+ Months hands on experience in Angular JS 2.0.  ? Expertise in developing single page applications (SPA) using Angular JS, Backbone JS, React JS and Redux.  ? Experience in single page web applications Angular4 and Typescript using Angular CLI.  ? Good knowledge of Responsive Web design using Custom CSS and Bootstrap.  ? Expert in HTML5/CSS3 development and have experience in Backbone.js, Underscore.js, Node.js, Angular.js, Responsive design.  ? Proficiency in Client Side designing and validations using HTML, HTML5 and Java Script.  ? Experience on working with CSS Backgrounds, CSS Layouts, CSS Positioning, CSS Animations, CSS Text, CSS Borders, CSS Margin, CSS Padding, and CSS Table.  ? Expertise in working on Web Applications using C# ASP.NET, MVC, JavaScript, JQuery.  ? Expert in producing custom Ext JS builds for deploying to higher environments  ? Experience applying the latest software development approaches including MVC, event - driven applications using AJAX, Object Oriented (OO) JavaScript, JSON and XML.  ? Worked with front end build environment of Grunt, Node JS and Git version control system.  ? Experienced implementing Web Services using Apache SOAP, WSDL, JAX-RPC, and UDDI.  ? Extensive experience in developing web applications with open source frameworks like spring, JSF, Struts.  ? Worked on designing single page application using Vue Js components such as Router and Vuex core components.  ? Experience with Web page technologies including HTML5, XHTML, Sencha Touch, Sencha EXT JS 4 Grails, AJAX, jQuery Backbone.js, Underscore.js,  ? Extensive experience in developing web applications with User Experience Design (UX) like Visual Design, Interactive Design and extensive Human Computer Interaction (HCI) Concepts.  ? Experience in No SQL Database like Mongo DB.  ? Involved in various phases of Software Development Life Cycle i.e. Requirement Analysis, Design, Implementation and Testing.  ? Experience in designing UI patterns and UI applications with the help of Adobe products like Adobe Dreamweaver CS3, Adobe Photoshop, and Adobe Illustrator CS3.  ? Good Knowledge in using Jade Template and integrating back- end applications with AJAX driven web 2.0 front- end using OO JavaScript framework.  ? Remarkable knowledge of design, normalization and Database Management Concepts.  ? Experience in database design using PL/SQL to write Stored Procedures, Functions, Triggers and strong experience in writing complex queries, using Oracle, SQL Server and MySQL.  ? Experience in using agile software methodology (scrum). Work Experience Front End Developer / Web Developer Comcast - West Chester, PA November 2017 to Present Responsibilities:  ? Experience Model View Controller framework such as Angular JS, Angular Material framework for creating Single Page Application.  ? Responsible for implementing batch processing to update the data using Spring Framework and Hibernate.  ? Designed and developed dynamic web pages using HTML5, Angular JS 1.5, React JS, Bootstrap, materialize CSS.  ? Migrating angular 1, 2 applications to Angular4 features like animations, Pipes and responsible to create new module using Angular4.  ? Used Ext JS UI components to implement various functionalities.  ? Mean Stack development from scratch including MONGODB server setup and Node JS server development.  ? Worked with VUE JS Forms, Validations, Modules, Components, directives, controllers and HTTP Request  ? Designed and implemented a complete web-based user interface for Aprius Virtual I/O management console using Ext JS 3 and CSS.  ? Developed web front end interfaces using HTML/HTML 5, CSS3, PHP, JavaScript, XHTML, jQuery, Java, AJAX, JSON, Angular 2/4, NodeJS, BackboneJS, VueJS, ReactJS, Underscore.js, Express.js jQuery and Bootstrap.  ? Designed and implemented user interface for web-based customer application using HTML5, CSS3, Typescript, JSON, AJAX and Angular 2  ? Responsible for maintenance of applications with Angular4, Typescript and CSS3.  ? Good Knowledge on Angular JS 2.0 practices and commonly used modules based on extensive work experience.  ? Experience in using Vue JS to create a simple API to loop through an array of bound data and also done two way binding of data using Vue JS.  ? Created UI from scratch using Ext JS 5.x/6.x for new projects  ? Responsible for creating efficient design and developing User Interaction screens using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, J Query, AJAX and JSON, Node JS, Gulp.  ? Developed key parts of a large, service-oriented enterprise business workflow solution with multiple UI components, including C# ASP.Net MVC.  ? Created TypeScript reusable components and services to consume REST API's using Component based architecture provided by Angular 2.  ? Used Angular Material for user interactions in pages.  ? Effectively used Gulp for minification and automated tasks for web development.  ? Worked on creating responsive website for smart devices using responsive design and media queries, using technologies like Angular Material.  ? Experience with j Query, Angular JS and Angular Material.  ? Utilized various JavaScript and Angular JS validations for form validation and other interactive features.  ? Effectively used Angular-translate for localization to support for multi languages (en-US, French)  ? Implemented MVC architecture by applying Angular JS framework.  ? Used Angular JS, Angular Material design in effective web design.  ? Responsible for the implementation of Web Design based on CSS3, HTML5 and Angular Material.  ? Responsible for developing a front- end application using React.js and FLUX architecture for internal team's productivity use.  ? Responsible for implementing Restful APIs using spring framework.  ? Successfully performed the Restful APIs Integration using XML and JSON.  ? Reconstructed front- end system in Angular1.5 by designing Angular reusable components.  ? Successfully implemented Batch processing SQL Scripts using PL/SQL blocks with help of functions, cursors, Arrays.    Environment: JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3, Angular JS, Angular Material, Angular 2, Jasmine, Angular4,React JS, Node JS, Web services, TypeScript, MONGODB ,Oracle 11g, Agile Methodology, Windows. Front End UI Developer Capital one - McLean, VA March 2015 to October 2017 Responsibilities:  ? Involved in the Software Development Life Cycle phases like Requirement Analysis, Implementation and estimating the time-lines for the project.  ? Involved in Coding of the Java components which are the heart of the application and user management.  ? Designed User Interface using Java Server Pages (JSP), Cascading Style Sheets (CSS), and XML.  ? Created modules and components using Angular JS, coupled them together into a functional app.  ? Worked with JSON based web services and with entire Angular JS suite of tools.  ? Involved in creating a reusable component using React JS for DOM manipulation.  ? Converted the already existing Struts applications to use Groovy Grails 2.3.4.  ? Worked on a client-side Angular application to allow updating content from various devices.  ? Developed a core component of Analytics with Angular JS.  ? Extensively used Debugging Cascading Style Sheets to change the styles now and in the future.  ? Developed front- end web pages using JSP, Java Script and HTML5, CSS3, J Query, Angular JS and Ext JS  ? Creating interactive prototypes using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript front end code from a combination of wireframes, visual designs and design standards.  ? Used React JS and Node JS in UI Development.  ? Designed and Developed Java Script frame work which is wrapper on top of JQUERY frame work and AJAX based UI frame work for UI Configuration widgets.  ? Used Angular JS and Node.js framework for building web-apps and is highly efficient using Restful services.  ? Extensively involved in requirements gathering and analyzing them, checking the dependencies and design of the project.  ? Extensively used CSS3 media queries to support Responsive Design.  ? Developed UI components for email and link sharing of documents and files for a Content Management System using Backbone.js, Require.js, Ext JS and J Query UI.  ? Used AJAX for implementing part of the functionality for Customer Registration, View Customer information modules.  ? Implemented AJAX calls with Ext JS and handled request and responses for various modules.  ? Implemented interaction between frontend and backend using the JSON object.  ? Extensively used J Query in implementing various GUI components in application portal.  ? Built a robust and secure CONTENT MANAGEMENT SYSTEM for few projects as per clients' needs and requirements where HTML, CSS, AJAX and JQUERY were extensively used.  ? Used J Query to make the HTML, DHTML and CSS code interact with the JavaScript functions to add dynamism to the web pages at the client side.  ? Used Agile methodology for the software development.  ? Actively Participated in Team Meetings, frequently communicated with Business Analysts to clarify the business requirements.    Environment: HTML 4.0/5, JavaScript, CSS3, J Query, AJAX, Responsive Web Design, Angular JS, Require JS, Backbone JS, Node JS, React JS, Ext JS, XML, W3C, JSON, DOM, DHTML, JSP 1.2 and Windows. Sr. UI Developer OPTUM, MI January 2013 to February 2015 Responsibilities:  ? Responsible for creating efficient design and developing User Interaction screens using HTML5, CSS3,JavaScript, J Query AJAX and JSON.  ? Built Angular JS framework including MVC architectures, different modules, specific controllers, templates, custom directives and custom filters.  ? Built application on Java platform, which is an integration of several technologies like Struts and Spring Web Flow.  ? Creating Java code and modifying the existing code so as to match with the front JavaScript files.  ? Used Eclipse for application development.  ? Used Hibernate as ORM to map Java classes to data base tables.  ? Used Angular JS framework where data from backend is stored in model and populated it to UI.  ? Implemented AJAX calls with Ext JS and handled request and responses for various modules.  ? Used Bootstrap and Angular UI Bootstrap for creating rich, Responsive UI Screens for varying screen sizes.  ? Worked on creating responsive website for smart devices using responsive design and media queries.  ? Used J Query, AJAX for service calls on pages to interact with the server for information.  ? Rapid prototyping of design concepts.  ? Used Angular JS as framework to create a Single Page Application (SPA) which can bind data to specific views and synchronize data with server.  ? Extensively used Angular UI-grid to create tables with templates on headers and cells.  ? Created highly dynamic user interactive web application with extensive use of Angular JS.  ? Utilized various JavaScript and J Query libraries, AJAX for form validation and other interactive features.  ? Involved in designing and developing the JSON, XML Objects with MySQL.  ? Coded Angular JS controllers and directives for application functionality.  ? Used Angular JS framework to bind HTML (views) to JavaScript objects (models).  ? Used AJAX, JSON to send request to the server to check the functionality of the websites.  ? Design and developed complex UI screens using Ext JS Framework.  ? created Ext JS custom UI components and implemented UI MVC framework  ? Created forms to collect and validate data from the user in HTML and JavaScript.  ? Used Agile methodology for the software development.  ? Developed SQL queries to perform insert, update or delete operation on MySQL database.  ? Responsible for authoring of website functionality with JavaScript, HTML, CSS.    Environment: HTML 5, JavaScript, Backbone JS, Angular JS, Ext JS, Hibernate, AJAX, CSS 2/3, JSON, J Query 1.3.1, XML, Apache Tomcat 5x, J Boss AS 5.1. Java J2EE Developer Smart Drive Systems October 2010 to December 2012 Responsibilities:  ? Developed Struts framework Action Servlets classes for Controller and developed Form Beans for transferring data between Action class and the View Layer  ? Developed the front end UI using JSP, HTML, JavaScript, CSS  ? Implemented Struts Validators framework to validate the data  ? Developed Ant(build.xml) targets for build and deployments on Web Sphere Application Server 5.0  ? Developed Stored Procedures in the Oracle 9i database.  ? Performed impact analysis on the dependency projects of OneSource Project  ? Designed and developed Hibernate configuration and session-per-request design pattern for making database connectivity and accessing the session for database transactions respectively.  ? Used SQL for fetching and storing data in databases. Created and updated Hibernate queries.  ? Worked on financial transactions like deposits, withdrawals and transfer, debit, and visa or bills payments. Performed a thorough unit testing and resolved several data related issues before migration to production.  ? Participated in the design and development of database schema and Entity-Relationship diagrams of the backend Oracle database tables for the application.  ? Designed and Developed Stored Procedures, Triggers in Oracle to cater the needs for the entire application. Developed complex SQL queries for extracting data from the database.    Environment: Java 1.5, J2EE, CSS, Java Script, JSP, Hibernate, JMS, JPA, J Query, Eclipse, Struts, Web sphere 6, UML, HTML, Java Script, XML. Education Bachelor's Skills JAVASCRIPT (8 years), JSON (5 years), XML (8 years), AJAX (5 years), UI (8 years), Front End, Angular, React, Front-End, Angularjs Additional Information SKILL SET:    UI Web Technologies  HTML4/HTML5, CSS2/CSS3, DHTML, XML, XHTML, XSLT, JavaScript, AJAX, J Query, JSON, Apache, JavaScript Libraries Ext JS 2.0/1.0,Backbone.js,React.js,Node.js,Require.js, Angular2/4, Redux, ES6.TypeScript, Angular4, Angular.js.    Web/Application Servers HTTP Web Server, Web Logic, Apache Tomcat and J Boss, IBM Web Sphere, J Builder.  Frame Works MVC, Bootstrap, Backbone JS, Angular JS, Node JS and JavaScript.  Databases: Oracle, PL/SQL (oracle),MySQL, Mongo DB and MS Access.  Frond End Tools Corel Draw , Dreamweaver CS5, FrontPage Wire frame, Adobe Photoshop CS5, Image Ready CS5 Fireworks, Adobe Captivate 3  Operating Systems Windows Family, Mac OS X, Linux/Unix.  Version Control SVN, GIT.  Debugging Tools Firebug, Bug Zilla.  Tools and IDEs Eclipse IDE, Net Beans, Edit plus, Notepad++, sublime text.