Front End Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End Developer - Tyson Chicago, IL • 8 years of extensive experience in IT Industry developing the web-based applications and UI applications.  • Actively took part in all the phases of the software development life-cycle including implementation, release, unit testing, refactoring and maintenance.  • Strong experience in HTML4/5, CSS/CSS3, Java Script, Type Script, ECMA 5/6 jQuery, AJAX, JSON, Bootstrap and Angular 2 and Angular 4.  • Experience on working with CSS background, Layouts, Positioning, Text, Border, Padding, Elements.  • Experience in building Single Page Application (SPA) using Model View Controller (MVC) framework such as Angular 2 and Angular 4 using Type Script and ECMA Script.  • Experience in designing User Interface (UI) applications and professional web applications using JavaScript, Angular, Angular2/4, React JS, Node JS, HTML 4.0/5, CSS2/CSS3, SASS, jQuery, Ajax, JSON and XML.  • Experience on Typescript, Angular4 for mobile applications, web API and browser clients.  • Good Experience Working with Angular4 modules, classes, Router, components and templates.  • Experience in using various jQuery UI controls and corresponding Event handlers etc.  • Experienced with implementing unique features of Bootstrap this includes responsive web design.  • Knowledge and experience in working with SASS/LESS as CSS preprocessors • Used JIRA for bug tracking and issue tracking.  • Good experience in testing/building tools like Grunt, Jasmine, Karma and Jenkins.  • Experience with Grunt, Gulp and Bower modules of NodeJS.  • Experience in Software Configuration Management using Version Control Software such as SVN and GIT.  • Involvement in using various IDE's, Sublime Text Editor, Notepad++, Eclipse, WebStorm.  • Extensive experience working in both AGILE/SCRUM and SDLC based development environment and participating in SCRUM sessions that includes Analyzing, Designing and Coding. Work Experience Front End Developer Tyson - Springdale, AR July 2016 to Present Responsibilities: • Developed web Application using HTML/CSS, JavaScript, Angular 2/ 4, jQuery, Bootstrap.  • Designed and developed a web application by using Angular4 as front- end and using WebAPI to receive and pass data to back- end.  • Extensively worked on Angular 2 Factory and Services for Dependency Injection and also created the custom Directives for reusable components.  • Used Angular 4, Angular 2, Type Script, HTML5, CSS3, JQuery to build (SPA) Single Page application.  • Created Typescript reusable components and services to consume REST API's using Component based architecture provided by Angular 2 and Angular 4 • Used Bootstrap for responsive web design along with CSS media Queries.  • Created Angular 4 based apps using Google Firebase backend for rapid prototyping.  • Worked with Angular 4 Components, Routing, Directives and Angular HTTP service to make REST calls using different HTTP methods.  • Implemented navigation bar as a custom directive of Angular4 Framework so that it can be reused on different templates.  • Successfully performed the RESTful APIs Integration and developed an API wrapper for reusability • Using Jenkins for continuous integration and deployment (CI/CD).  • Performed Unit testing using Jasmine and Karma.  • Followed best practices and standards for accessibility and cross-browser compatibility.  • Worked with version control GIT to manage the code repository.  • Used JIRA to track the user stories and defects with Agile technology.    Environment: Angular2/4, Bootstrap, HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript, JSON, jQuery, Node JS, AJAX, REST, GIT. Front End Developer MetLife - Raleigh, NC January 2014 to June 2016 Responsibilities: • Worked in a team, involved in developing the UI layout and front- end programming for web application that matches requirements of Client • Developed GUI using JavaScript, HTML/HTML5, DOM, AJAX, CSS3 and jQuery in ongoing projects.  • Used Bootstrap and Media Queries to create Responsive Web Design (RWD) and worked with CSS3 pre-processors such as SASS, less.  • Used Typescript and component-based programming to create less dependent and faster entities in Angular2.  • Used D3.js for interactive data visualization.  • Experience in developing and implementing Data Driven and Keyword Driven automation testing framework with Selenium WebDriver.  • Designed and developed the login portal using framework AngularJS 2.0 along with HTML5, CSS3 and Type Script.  • Created Typescript reusable components and services to consume REST API's using Component based architecture provided by Angular 2.  • Wrote unit testing using karma and jasmine to achieve 100% code coverage.  • Designed a login mockup with token-based authentication for user using the MEAN stack.  • Utilized MEAN stack, REST design pattern, MVC framework and SPA (Single Page Application) framework based on Angular JS.  • Manipulated data using CRUD (create, read, update and delete) operations of MongoDB database management system and handled database access and data transmission based on RESTful web service.  • Used Node.js to develop faster and scalable application.  • Developing Web API using Node.js and hosted on multiple load balanced API instances.  • Used various features in AngularJS like data binding, routing, custom filters, custom directives to meet various customized requirements.  • Provided client-side validations using AngularJS framework.  • Worked on providing authorization and authentication to applications using Spring Security and protected the application against attacks like session fixation and click jacking. Implemented Java Persistence API (JPA) through Hibernate.  • Created Test strategies, based on the analysis of documentation to achieve the best result.  • Analyzed requirements and developed test plans, test scenarios, and test cases.  • Used NPM, GRUNT, Gulp for UI task runner and experienced in using the GRUNT/Gulp commands for building and deploying the project • Working with Bootstrap Components which are written in Angular JS using Angular-UI components.  • Setup agile iteration, product life cycle and had daily scrum meetings.    Environment: Angular2, Bootstrap, HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript, JSON, jQuery, Node JS, AJAX, REST, GIT. UI Developer GE Appliances - Louisville, KY January 2010 to December 2013 Responsibilities: • Mainline Responsibility is developing the Webpages using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript and JQuery.  • Used Bootstrap and React -Bootstrap Components to create responsive application.  • Creating React component architecture for complex modules and managing state precisely.  • Involved in developing presentational and container components using React and JSX.  • Used React -data grid to populate the dynamic data within the table. Used React -bootstrap and SASS for handling responsiveness in the application and parse correct styles on prop changes.  • Solid understanding of React Virtual Dom Algorithm, for React performance optimization.  • Configured web pack to trans-pile JSX to ES5 using Babel, Added CSS-loader and sass plug-in for pre-compiling SASS to CSS. Used HTML5plugin to create the index.html file with generated hashed JS and CSS files. Added proxy for web pack-server.  • Worked on capturing the user events and rendering the appropriate action and dynamically rendering the UI based on user actions using React.js.  • Wrote client-Side code using React JS and used NPM & gulp directories to generate the server environments.  • Developed the Required components using the React js with the workflow of Redux to simplify the application.  • Developed RESTful service interface using Spring Boot to the underlying Agent Services API and Implemented RESTful web services.  • Involved in making the application responsive using Bootstrap and used LESS preprocessor.  • Involved in writing application level code to interact with APIs, RESTFUL Web Services using AJAX, JSON.  • Consumed Restful web services in the User Interface using JSON.  • Documented design solutions and implemented according to the design.  • Used Mocha, Chai for unit testing.  • Interfaced with third-party vendors to customize UI/UX solutions for web verticals.  • Elegantly implemented page designs in standards-compliant dynamic HTML and CSS.  • Worked with Git for code management.  • Involved in complete SDLC - Requirement Analysis, Development, System and Integration Testing.  • Handled cross browser/platform compatibility issues (IE, Firefox, and Safari) on both Windows.  • Built the internal tool and maintained with React JS along with Flux and Redux.    Environment: React.js, Redux, HTML5, CSS3, SASS, LESS, Bootstrap, JavaScript, Bootstrap, Node JS, NPM, GitHub, Karma, Jasmine, SOAP, RESTful, SDLC, Ajax, JQuery Education Bachelor's