ReactJs Front- end Developer ReactJs <span class="hl">Front</span>-<span class="hl">end</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> ReactJs Front- end Developer - XL Catlin Insurance, CT Hartford, CT • Over 5 years of professional experience in designing User Interface (UI) web applications by making them cross browser compliant and using UI authoring and web technologies.  • Extensively experienced in designing websites with W3C standards using HTML5, CSS3,JavaScript, jQuery, AngularJS, NodeJS, get best cross-browser user experience for long-term userretention and engagement expertise  • Creation, Maintenance and updating HTML5/CSS3 templates as required and contributed to design and development of client and server database applications.  • Experience in Cross browser compatibility testing and intellectual challenges in User Experience (UX), Responsive & Adaptive Web Design and Bootstrap  • Experience applying the latest development approaches including MVC, event-driven applications using AJAX, Object Oriented (OO) JavaScript, JSON, and XML.  • Extensive knowledge in AngularJS and have more than 3+ years of experience on AngularJS  • Experience developing web pages using AngularJS framework and familiar with various AngularJS directives, filters and services  • Experienced in MVC, SPA (single page application), Dependency Injection, Custom directives, custom modules in AngularJS  • Well-trained in developing UI using React.js - One-way data flow, Virtual DOM, JSX, Single page Applications.  • Maintained states in the stores and dispatched the actions using redux.  • Experience in working with Redux Architecture using complex Object-Oriented concepts; React JS Components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, Animations and Flux Concept  • Familiar with creating Custom Reusable React Components Library.  • Configured Webpack to execute linters, magnifiers, pre/postprocessors, tests, transpires,based on build target.  • Proficient in using Unit.js testing framework along with Jasmine, Karma, Mocha test runners.  • Extensive experience in Entity Framework to access data services from database as well as Code-first and database-first approaches.  • Strong skills in using Views, View Models, Temp data, Temp tables, Action Filters, Layout and Master Pages and Partial Viewsin ASP.NET MVC  • Strong development skills including RESTful Web Services. Proficient in working with GULP and GRUNT  • Knowledge in various features in ECMAScript 6 (ES6) such as Arrow functions, Classes and enhanced object literals  • Experienced in working in AGILE based development environment and participating in Scrum sessions  • Experience in using IDE tools like Notepad ++, Brackets, Sublime Text Editor, and Web Storm  • Comfortable working with MEAN (MongoDB, Express, Angular, NodeJS) stack Work Experience ReactJs Front- end Developer XL Catlin Insurance, CT March 2019 to Present • Designed and developed various Web Pages using HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript, React.JS  • Developing the application using MVC, Entity Data Model and RESTful services.  • Executed programming functions utilizing HTML, CSS3, and Razor in the Microsoft ASP.NET MVC4 environment.  • Used Viewbag, Viewmodel and Partialview to achieve the data transfer in the MVC architecture.  • Used controls such as Dropdown-list, Checkbox-list and other advanced controls such as Grid-View for real-time CRUD operations, data retrieval and manipulation.  • Expertise in Client Side designing and validations using HTML, DHTML and Java Script.  • Strong experience on working with CSS Backgrounds, CSS Layouts, CSS Positioning, CSS Animations, CSS Text, CSS Borders, CSS Margin, CSS Padding, CSS Table and Pseudo Classes.  • Thorough understanding of CSS principles with a clear ideology for managing maintainable, scalable and cross-browser code  • Exposure to creating SPA using ReactJS, by using the concept of virtual DOM  • Experienced in working with Redux Architecture using complex object-oriented concepts in improving the performance of the websites.  • Implemented File-Upload and typeahead functionalities using ReactJs  • Worked in using React JS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, Animations.  • Created and used Reducers that received said Actions to modify the Store State Tree  • Added Dynamic Functionality by creating and dispatching Action Creators that deployed Actions.  • Used various bootstrap components like date picker, time picker, alert, buttons, and react-bootstrap components.  • Experience in Working with ES6 Features.  • Used Ajax framework for asynchronous data transfer between the browser and the server.  • Experience in applying latest development approaches including MVC framework in the browser, event-driven applications using AJAX, Object Oriented (OO) JavaScript, JSON and XML.  • Involved in database, frontend and backend development of the web application in the Visual Studio and SQL Server environments  • Implemented React JS and C#code to handle cross browser compatibility issues inIE and chrome  • Deep understanding and working experience in Object Oriented JavaScript programming and JavaScript MVC frameworks.  • Experience in Team Foundation Server (TFS) for an end-to- end development and GITas Version Control tool.  Environment:HTML 5, CSS3, JavaScript, React JS, Redux,My SQL, XML, JSON, jQuery, GIT, Restful API, Bootstrap, Ajax, MVC Architecture, Razor, Team Foundation Server (TFS), Agile. Front- End UI Developer Deutsche Bank, NYOct 2016 to March 2019 • Writing front- end code like HTML, CSS, jQuery for assigned User requirements using JavaScript frameworks.  • Wrote application level code to perform client-side validation using jQuery and JavaScript  • Designed dynamic client-side JavaScript codes to build web forms and simulate process for webapplication, page navigation and form validation.  • Experience with features of Angular 2 such as directives, dependency injection, modules and routing.  • Highly used Angular 2 router to build single page application for navigate through the different status and multiple models.  • Created and maintained a slideshow component with prev/next buttons using React.  • Developed user interface by using the React JS, Flux for SPA development.  • Implemented React JS code to handle cross browser compatibility issues in Mozella, IE 7, 8, 9, Safari  • Used React-Router to turn application into Single Page Application  • Used React flux to polish the data and for single directional flow  • Involved in creating a reusable component using React JS for DOM manipulation.  • Researching JavaScript based frameworks like React Nativefor frontend  • Involved to implement various screens for the front end using React.js and used various predefined components from NPM (Node Package Manager) and redux library.  • Created SQL scripts and analyzed the data in MS Access/Excel  • Used CRUD operations in Mongo DB which provides rich semantics for reading and manipulating data.  • Called the Restful web services calls for POST, PUT, DELETE and GET methods.  • Working with ECMA Script 6 features. For build of JSX and ES2015(ES6) used Babel, webpack.  • Used karma and jasmine to do unit testing and end to end testing.  • Experience with preprocessors and Front- End tooling framework: Gulp/Grunt, SAAS.    Environment:HTML 5, CSS3, Sass, JavaScript, Bootstrap, Ajax, React JS, Redux, Flex, My SQL, XML, JSON, jQuery, GIT, Restful API, JIRA, Jasmine, Web Strom, Grunt and Adobe Photoshop UI Developer Department of Environmental Quality, NCFeb 2016 to September 2016 • Involved designing in web pages using HTML 5, CSS3, JavaScript, Bootstrap, SASS, LESS, React.js, Redux, Flex, Mongo DB  • Worked with backend developers to convert HTML/CSS non-functional pages into dynamic JSP pages  • Strong knowledge JavaScript objects, prototypes, closures, callback functions and promise.  • Good experience in Document Object Model (DOM) and DOM Functions.  • Well-versed in Object Oriented Programming (OOP) with JavaScript.  • Expertise in using Angular JS - directives, Controllers, Filters, Services, Templets, Events and Injectors.  • Used Angular JS for client-side data binding and template-basedUI development.  • Used AngularJS for developing single page web applications and used ui-router as adependency and configuring different state/route associating a controller for each state/routein the config function by providing $stateProvider, $urlRouterProvider as dependencies.  • Implementedvarious screens for the front end using React.js and used various predefined components from NPM (Node Package Manager) and redux library.  • Implemented stable React components and stand-alone functions to be added to any future pages.  • Used React JS for templating for faster compilation and developing reusable components.  • Worked on React JS Virtual Dom and React views, rendering using components which contains additional components called custom HTML tags.  • Used Node.js to run Grunt tasks and build the project properly (compile, minify, concat etc.)  • Implementation of ES6 features: Arrow functions, spread operator, Array & Object matching, classes and Import/Export Modules.  • Successfully handled JSON/XML data and carried out JSON/XML parsing for form submissions and DOM manipulation.  • Worked with JASMINE unit test framework to write unit tests for JavaScript code  • Used advanced level of jQuery, AJAX, AngularJS, Bootstrap and CSS layouts.  Environment:HTML 5, CSS3,JavaScript, Bootstrap, Ajax, React JS, Redux, Flex, Node JS, My SQL, XML, JSON, jQuery, Git hub, Restful API, Jasmine, Dreamweaver, Agile. Software Engineer Baxter Innovations and Business Solutions - IN June 2013 to December 2015 • Implemented user interface guidelines and standards throughout the development and maintenance of the website using JavaScript, jQuery, CSS and HTML.  • Developed E-commerce enterprise applications using web technologies like HTML,DHTML, XHTML, DOM, PHP Script, JSP Script and CSS based on the W3C standards  • Maintained and updated HTML/CSS templates as required and Contributed to design and development of client and server database applications.  • Designed and developed intranet web applications using JavaScript and CSS.  • Created a custom responsive web application to replace a legacy line-of-business web application using Angular JS.  • Developing and designing SPA user interfaces in AngularJS.  • Used Angular.js for connecting the API's using Angular.js $http service.  • Used AngularJS multiple in-built directives such as filters, root scope, scope, model, template, state etc.  • Created SQL queries and procedures for MS SQL Server database.  • Designed and implemented stored procedures views and other application database code objects.  • Maintained SQL scripts indexes and complex queries for analysis and extraction.  • Used AJAX, JSON and XML to send request to the server to check the functionality ofthe website  • Involved in writing application level code to interact with APIs, Web Services usingAJAX, JSON and XML  • Used jQuery extensively for event handling, DOM manipulation and cross-browser compatibility.  • Worked on version control system, on day-to-day basis to maintain the code history.  • Developed Mock-up designs as per the requirements of Business.  Environment:HTML, XHTML, CSS, JavaScript, AngularJS, jQuery, AJAX, JSON, PHP and Agile Methodology Skills Visual studio, Api, Application server, C++, Git, Html, Javascript, Json, Svn, Xml, Ajax, Css, Dreamweaver, Tomcat, Web services, Websphere, Database, Db2, Mysql, Java Additional Information Technical Skills:  Web Technologies: HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript, XHTML  Advanced Technologies: AJAX, JSON, XML  JS Libraries: jQuery, NPM, jQuery UI  JS Frameworks: Angular Js, React Js  Database: MySQL, RDBMS, DB2, MongoDB, oracle, SQLServer 2008  Application Server: Apache Tomcat, WebSphere  Web Services: RESTful API, SOAP  Languages: C, C++, Java  IDE's and Tools: Notepad ++, Brackets, Visual studio, Sublime Text Editor, Web Storm, Dreamweaver, Adobe Photoshop, Jira  Version Control Tools: SVN, GIT  Operating System: Windows XP/Vista, Mac OS, Unix/Linux.  Methodologies: Agile, Scrum, Waterfall