Senior Software Engineer Senior Software Engineer Senior Software Engineer - Regions Financial Work Experience Senior Software Engineer Regions Financial 2019 to Present Contract)  ? Lead the re-architecture of existing React application in order to be more modular, as well as support more financial products, i.e., Redux to MobX for state management, decoupling via  inversion of control, directory restructuring, etc.  ? Spent time mentoring other developers in all areas of Software Development, i.e., JavaScript, React, Architecture, SOLID principles, Git, etc.  ? Optimized front- end CI/CD to reduce build time from ~40 minutes to ~6 minutes.  ? Created feature/release/hotfix branch CI/CD plan to test, build and deploy to ephemeral  builds to unique URL's using Bamboo and OpenShift. Web Developer Teen Challenge - Columbus, GA 2014 to Present 2016 ? Built a Business Intelligence dashboard using Laravel that helped give the executive team insights into the organization and make better business decisions.  ? Created a custom backend application that allowed the sharing of training resources across 112 countries in  12 different languages.  ? Created custom grant tracking application that helped increase the number of grants awarded to the organization by eliminating process friction. Software Engineer ( Front End) Guidewire Software - Birmingham, AL 2017 to 2019 Converted large AngularJS (1.2) application to React using "Strangler Pattern".  ? Contributed several large features, e.g., Multi-Factor Authentication, Unauthenticated Bill  Pay, Digital Insurance Card, etc., for a multi-tenant insurance application used by top-name  insurance companies, serving thousands of users.  ? Created several PoC's (Proof of Concept) using React and Redux to validate business ideas. Full Stack Developer Diamond Studios - Birmingham, AL 2016 to 2017 Built large-scale e-commerce application using Laravel and React that handles high traffic for one of the nation's top brands.  ? Converted large application into Progressive Web App improving overall load times by 2.3s, from 4.9s to 2.6s, using Code Splitting, HTTP2 and Service Worker to cache assets and save HTTP requests.  ? Implemented React Instantsearch to e-commerce application which resulted in a higher "add-to-cart" rate  by helping customers find products easier and faster.  ? Rewrote MySQL queries for a large database (1M+ rows) reducing execution time significantly (84% in the most drastic case which was from ~45s down to ~7s) by removing n+1 queries, integrating proper indexing  and using Redis to cache frequent, less dynamic query results.  ? Moved all applications to VPS from managed hosting saving the company a total $1,900/month. Skills API, FIREBASE, Git, JAVASCRIPT, REDUX Links https://github.com/dericgw