Front End/Web/UI Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span>/Web/UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End/Web/UI Developer - D&B,Centervalley,PA Center Valley, PA • Around 6 years of experience in Front End UI Developer with user interface design, development,and analysis with extensive experience in the full lifecycle of the software design process.  • Extensive experience in designing professional UI web applications using front- end technologies like Html5, CSS, JavaScript, AngularJs 1.X/2, jQuery, XML, Jasmine, Ajax, Jason, Bootstrap, Bower, Grunt, WordPress, EmberJS, ExtJS.  • Expertise in using XML/JSON and AJAX to link to theback- end application.  • Excellent understanding and working with GitHub and SVN.  • Experienced in UI Design and Development using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap and AJAX that follows W3C Web standards successfully managing all facets of application development.  • Experience inSAAS and LESS scripting languages they are interpreted or compiled into Cascading style sheets.  • Experience on client-side JavaScript frameworks AngularJS, Angular 2.x/4. X. and Ember JS, Handlebar JS.  • Used the Node Package Manager (NPM) to install libraries like angular-clip, typescript etc., which are required for developing an angular application in Node.  • Worked with the system analyst to understand the requirements of the project.  • Strong experience with Cross Browser Compatibility issues and Optimization fortheweb, including CSS Sprites and best practices.  • Experience with various MVC Java frameworks like AngularJS, Grunt.JS, Node.JS, bootstrap.JS.  • Expert in designing web applications and web contents utilizing various Search Engine Optimization (SEO) techniques.  • Proficient in creating Logos, Banners, Buttons, Icons and Images, Tables using Adobe Flash and CSS.  • Experienced in working with CSS Backgrounds, CSS Layouts, CSS Positioning, CSS Animations, CSS Text, CSS Borders, CSS Margin, and CSS Padding.  • Experienced in various IDEs like Eclipse, Brackets, NetBeans, IntelliJIDEA, Notepad++, Firebug, Edit plus, Microsoft Visual, JSFiddle.  • Experience working with cross-functional teams encompassing product, design, engineering, and analytics.  • Expertise in AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) such as creating users, groups, organizing IAM users into groups, assigning roles to groups.  • Worked on setting up the life cycle policies to back the data from AWS S3 to AWS Glacier, Worked with various AWS, EC2 and S3CLI tools.  • Had strong experience in developing applications with Java frameworks such as Spring MVC, Structsframeworks, Servlets 3.x, JSF.  • Expertise in building applications with strong authentication by using spring security and Site Minder frameworks.  • Created Development Environments in Amazon Web Services using services like VPC, ELB, EC2 and RDS instances.  • Implemented latest HTML5 and CSS3 features like creating various effects, shading, animation, Shapes, graphics, multimedia files,and many others.  • Extensively worked on Python scripting and development. CSS is used to style Web pages, XHTML and XML markup.  • Excellent interpersonal abilities, communication skills, time management and Team skills with an intention to work hard to attain project deadlines under stressful environments Work Experience Front End/Web/UI Developer D&B,Centervalley,PA April 2018 to Present Description:The Dun & Bradstreet Corporation is a company that provides commercial data, analytics, and insights for businesses. It is headquartered in Short Hills, a community in Millburn, New Jersey, U.S. The company offers a wide range of products and services for risk and finance, Responsibilities:  • Involved in all aspects of SDLC from design, development, testing, production support and prepared technical reports & documentation manuals during the program development.  • Developed Dynamic Single Page Application using React JS and Angular2.  • Utilizing React JS to develop customer service application to facilitate real-time data and report transfer application.  • Worked with Node.js to develop RESTful API's consumed in front- end applications.  • Implemented MVVM architecture using Redux Architecture with React JS.  • Developed React Router, Redux Forms, Redux promise, and React Redux using Thunk-Redux module. Proficient in SPA JavaScript frameworks such as Angular JS.  • Developed various screens for the front end using React JS and used various predefined components from NPM (Node Package Manager).  • Expert knowledge and experience with JSON / XML / RESTful Web Services and services integration with AngularJS 2.0(two-way data binding, etc.)  • Involved in creating a reusable component using React JS for DOM Manipulation  • Developed an Email directory to keep track of all the emails by using ReduxThunk.  • Implemented UI Screens, Advanced Search, Timer, Navigation Bars, Navigation Menus, Forms, Sorting, Filtering in React JS.  • Used AngularJS framework, Bootstrap to support, improve the responsiveness of web presentation layer.  • AngularJS custom directives were used to develop reusable UI custom component.  • Used Angular2 to bind HTML elements data to JavaScript Objects and developed dynamic Single Page Application (SPA's).  • Used NodeJS code in AWS Lambda Functions.  • Helped to migrate and managing multiple applications from on-premise to cloud using AWS services like S3, Glacier, EC2, RDS, SQS, SNS, SES.  • Developed Custom Directives like Elements, Attributes and Classes and AngularJS Factory to monitor asynchronous service calls through Dependency Injection.  • Extensively implemented Ext.js for buildinganinteractivecross-platform web application and optimizing the application for high performance.  • Developing custom HTML5 elements using Angular2 directives.  • Implemented Angular2 classes and life cycle hooks to maintain the data present in each view.  • Implemented Services to create abstract re-usable injectable used in multiple child components.  • Hands-on expertise in developing Angular2 features like Directives, Filters, and Services.  • Developed APIisdrivenRWA'sby integrating Angular2 with Bootstrap and API's.  • Extensively used JavaScript library D3.js for manipulating documents based on data and foradata-driven approach to DOM manipulation.  • Developed Web Pages using latest HTML5 and styled with CSS3.  • Implemented the Bootstrap components like Thumbnails, Progress bar, and Carousel.  • Worked on tools like Gulp, Grunt, Web Pack and developed CLI applications using commander module.  • Experience in using event-driven applications using AJAX and JSON in making asynchronous calls to the server to fetch data and PHP for server-side development.  • Implemented jQuery Ajax methods to call ajax () method which is used as request call for Ajax asynchronous HTTP request.  • Extensive experience in developing PHP based Web Services to expose useful functionality to web users through SOAP / REST describing them using WSDL.  • Designed, built and coordinate an automated build & release [CI/CD] process using GitLab, Jenkins, Nexus,and Chef on hybrid IT infrastructure  • Extensively used JavaScript testing frameworks Jasmine and Karma to test the application  • Working experience with version control system GIT and bug tracking tools JIRA inanAgile Scrum environment.    Environment: React JS, Angular2, AngularJS, Bootstrap, D3.js, Ext.js, HTML5, DOM, CSS3, SASS, JavaScript, PHP, jQuery, AJAX, JSON, JSONP, MongoDB, Jasmine, Karma, GIT, JIRA, and Apache Tomcat. Front End/Web/UI Developer Common Securitization Solutions, Maryland June 2017 to March 2018 Description:Common Securitization Solutions (CSS) - a joint venture between Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, established to build a universal platform for the issuance and management of mortgage securities. This common securitization platform will help the overall mortgage finance system run more efficiently and with greater transparency and liquidity. Which, in turn, helps anyone who owns a home or wants to buy one.  Responsibilities:  • Developing dynamic web pages using HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, Bootstrap,jQuery, D3JS, AngularJS, React.JS, Node.JS, LESS, SASS.  • Responsible for developing a front- end application using React JS and Redux architecture for internal team's productivity use.  • Implemented Sunburst graph using D3.JS with SVG elements.  • Developed various reports and charts using HTML Canvas, HTML SVG, D3.JS, and SVG by passing JSON objects and Arrays as input both for mobile and web applications.  • Worked on making AJAX calls to connect database using Restful web APIs and worked on integrating the middleware to front- end.  • Created Responsive Designs (Mobile/Tablet/Desktop) using HTML&CSS, Bootstrap.  • In Phase Two, worked closely with the Back- End team to display data using the Custom Components, library Components, and Redux.  • Created Master Pages, CSS Styles Sheetsand Integrated to Silverlight and got approval from Business Stakeholders.  • Used React-Router to turn application into Single Page Application.  • Used ReactJS for tinplating for faster compilation and developing reusable components.  • Launching and configuring of Amazon EC2 (AWS) Cloud Servers using AMI's(Linux) and configuring the servers for specified applications.  • Managing with Custom AMI's, created AMI tags and modified AMI permissions.  • Brought the HTML and CSS of an existing website to the latest web standards.  • Extensively involved in redesigning the entire site with CSS styles foraconsistent look and feel across all browsers and all pages.  • Solid understanding of React Virtual DOM Algorithm for React performance optimization.  • Developed cross-browser/platform HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript to match design specs for complex page layouts while adhering to code standards  • Worked on Web/User Interface development using AJAX, HTML5, XHTML, DHTML, CSS3, Java Script.  • Used detailed Wireframes and developed Mock-up designs as per the requirements of Business.  • Designed and developed custom JQuery components for the front- end client-side validations.  • Used AJAX frameworks like JQuery, JSON to develop rich GUIs and involved in performance tuning the website.  • Used JavaScript DOM manipulation and JavaScript event to generate the data result in UI.  • Involved in Dynamic form generation, Auto-completion of forms, and user-validation functionalities using AJAX.  • Created UI templates forthefinal look and feel using HTML5, Fireworks, AXURE, Flash, Dreamweaverand Photoshop.  • Developed a core component of Analytics with Node.js, and Socket Stream.  • Developed UI components for email and link sharing of documents and files for a Content Management System using Require.js, Backbone.jsandJQuery.  • Designed and Developed JavaScriptframework which isawrapper on top of jQueryframework and AJAX based UI framework for UI Configuration widgets.  • Extensively used HTML for audio and video playback. Worked on the MVP architecture for the GWT.  • Worked one-on-one withtheclient to develop layout,thecolor scheme for his website and implemented it into a final interface design with the HTML/CSS& JavaScript using Dreamweaver.  • Used jQuery plugins autocomplete, validation, drag and drop and more exceptionally. Used jQuery template for markup. Used Ajax, JSON with jQuery for request data and response processing  • Created and developed the web-page layout and positioned/developed design elements, using Dreamweaver, HTML and Adobe Photoshop.  • Developed different jQuery component in MVC micro-architecture framework which internally use various design pattern such as singleton, command, delegate, etc.    Environment: Object Oriented JavaScript, jQuery, JSON, AJAX, HTML, DHTML, CSS, Agile methodology, Dreamweaver, MVP, Usability Testing, Jasmine, MySQL, Windows, AWS. UI Developer Dorman Products Inc - Colmar, PA October 2016 to May 2017 Description:Dorman Products is a leading supplier of original equipment dealer "exclusive" automotive and heavy-duty replacement parts, automotive hardware, brake parts, and fasteners to the Automotive and Heavy Vehicle Aftermarkets.  Responsibilities:  • Experience in full Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) that includes Analyzing, Designing, Coding, Testing, implementation & Production Support  • Designed the Web application layout and forms using HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript.  • Analyzed business requirements, participated in technical design, development and testing of various modules assigned.  • Involved in Design, Prototyping, Typography, usability and in collecting the wireframes required for designing the responsive web design pages.  • Designed business applications using web technologies like HTML4/5, XHTML, and CSS2/3 based on the W3C standards.  • Using AngularJS, created custom directives for data manipulations and to display data in company standard format in UI.  • Implemented Model View Controller (MVC) architecture using Struts framework.  • Co-ordinate with QA for testing, Production releases, Application deployment and integration  • Involved in Production Support and minor enhancements as per application requirements.  • Maintained Cross Browser compatibility and implement Responsive Design using Twitter Bootstrap, custom media queries, etc.  • Manage the development for all phases of the UI web application development from requirements gathering, cross-browser testing, and production deployment.  • Involved in development of rich user interface components using JSON, Ajax, JavaScript, jQuery,andHTML5.  • Used JavaScript for adding little functionality to the existing application (calendar, tooltips, hiding elements, etc.  • A developed web page using Angular JS components like controllers, routers, NG app etc.  • Used Unix Commands for manipulating the data in thedeployment phase.  • Created AngularJS Controller Which Isolate scopes perform operations in UI.  • Installed and Managed Karma using NPM.  • Developed unit tests using Karma with karma-ng-scenario plug-in.  • Actively involved in configuring the website in all environments  • Supported in fixing production bugs  • Developed the administrative UI using Angular.js and Node.js, Jasmine and React.js.  • Created client surveys and displayed the results in a dynamic report using D3.JS for data visualization.  • Used D3.JS for data visualization in this application.  • Accessed functions inaweb server using Restful web-services.  • Used Node JS for heavy DOM manipulation.  • Worked with a team which includes Tech Leads, Business Analysts, System Analysts,and Testers.  • Followed Agile (Scrum) methodologies.  • Developed user interface using JSP, JSP Tag libraries, JavaScript and Node.js.  • Used JDBC for Manipulating data in the database.  • Actively used DHTML, JavaScript, jQuery and AJAX, CSS for frontend development. On the backend, it was Java (JSP) and Oracle.  • Involved in building flexible UI, more user interactive and user-friendly web pages, reusable classes, functions using C#, AJAX,and JavaScript for client-side validation.  • Developing application design guidance and consultation, utilizing a thorough understanding of applicable technology, tools,and existing designs.  • Worked alongside with lead and architect in delivering the application in the assigned deadlines.  • Used APIs design pattern for data access through service calls and used spring framework in the application.  • Used GitHub UI, Git bash to commit, changes to the repository for maintaining various versions of the agile process.  • Used Web services - WSDL and Restful to access the data stored in regional databases.    Environment: Eclipse IDE, Angular JS, Bootstrap, AJAX, Node.js, JDBC, Grunt, Mongo DB, Illustrator, Bower, karma, JUnit, JIRA, HTML4/5, CSS3, JSP, Sublime Text 2, Backbone.js, jQuery, JavaScript, React JS, JSON, Apache Tomcat, Photoshop, JavaScript, JAXP 1.2, Restful web-services.    Project 4 Web/UIDeveloper Computer Home Private Limited - Pune, Maharashtra August 2015 to March 2016 Description: Computer Home Pvt Ltd (CHPL) is one of the leading software and IT Infrastructure provider based in Pune. Started with a singular objective - to provide complete end to end solution for Application Software Development as well as IT infrastructure requirements, CHPL has served vast number of companies from all business sectors.    Responsibilities:  • Worked on Design, UI, wire-framing, HTML, CSS, JQuery, JSP, accessibility, and optimization.  • Translated designs and style guides into functional user interfaces, ensuring cross browser compatibility, performance and robustness.  • Utilized various JQUERY plugins to build Rich Internet Application RIA to make it look more intuitive.  • Designed Chrome Packaged Apps like Some Games and Widgets using various technologies JavaScript, CSS and HTML.  • Designed wireframes and mock-ups for new web interface for a network analysis virtual appliance.  • Worked with full UI control of HTML/CSS, maintaining code and cleanliness.  • Created some prototype to implement some of the latest features of HTML and CSS.  • Worked with back end developers to implement AJAX and dynamic HTML functionality in jQuery.  • Extensively worked with making calls to APIs to fetch the data from the backend as JSON response and parse it on the UI for DOM/CSS Manipulation.  • Maximized page load by analyzing content and adjusting the code by following optimization standards.  • Worked with complete redesigns of a daily events website and focused on improving readability, utility, and overall UX.  • Worked closely with QA team to understand the reported defects and fix them.  • Used node.js to create server-side applications for javascript codes to build real-time web API's.  • Developed internal application using Angular.js and Node.js connecting to Oracle on the backend.  • Implemented Object-relation mapping in the persistence layer using Hibernate framework in conjunction with spring functionality.  • Reviewed customer feedback about the debugging issues, fixed bugs with HTML5 and JavaScript codes and worked on resolving browser compatibility issues.  • Successfully executed all the test cases and fixed any bugs/issues identified during the test cycles.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JSP, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap, Maven, Hibernate, AJAX, GITHUB, JSON, ECLIPSE, JIRA, SVN, CMS, MVC Design, Angular JS, Node JS, Backbone JS, Java 1.3 J2EE, EJB, Servlets 2.2, JSP 1.2, Web logic Application server8.1. UI Developer Amity IT Solutions,Gwalior February 2013 to March 2015 Description: A Gwalior based IT Solutions and Software Services Development Company. Providing cost effective, Innovative and robust business solutions. We focus on combining web-based application development, market-savvy design, and reliable business strategy to advance a client's business goals.  Responsibilities:  • Designed and developed Web pages using HTML, CSS and XML.  • Developed data insertion forms and validated them using JavaScript  • Validated input values to make sure that they will be accepted before they are submitted to the server.  • Used JavaScript and XML to update a portion of a web page thus reducing bandwidth usage and load time and add modal dialog in web pages to get user input and requests.  • Coded JavaScript for page functionality and Pop up Screens  • Drove multiple component design sessions parallel, creating design artifacts according to specifications  • Utilized new software methodologies to be able to adapt to changes in requirements quickly  • Worked closely with third party vendors.  • Ensured that all components of the application are platform and browser compatible.    Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, XML, j-Query, Usability Testing, Agile methodology. Education Bachelor's Skills C++, Html, Bootstrap, Jenkins, Json