Lead Developer Lead <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front- end UI Developer Miami, FL I am a self-taught front- end developer who decided to give starting an agency a shot for the past couple of years (http://bongosagency.com). After a long and stressful journey, I have decided to return to the work force and find a position which could provide me with some stability.     I have worked with individuals, small businesses, agencies, and enterprise level clients. The most recent position was as a front- end ui developer for Rocket Marketing and Design in Miami, Fl. At RocketMAD I am single highhandedly in charge of creating, maintaining, and optimizing websites for conversions and SEO.     I'm looking forward to hearing from you soon.     Regards,   Victor Flores Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Lead Developer Rocket Marketing and Design - Miami, FL January 2018 to Present My position at RocketMAD entails management of multiple marketing-oriented websites for various clients. I am in charge of launching, developing, maintaining, and sometimes designing the sites to increase conversions and sales. Sometimes these projects include integrating with REST api's, creating custom wordpress plugins and functionality, and managing/building Shopify eCommerce stores. Front- end UI Developer Consultant Bongos - Self Employed January 2016 to Present Web development & design consulting for small businesses and agencies around the city of Miami.     My involvement on projects includes:  Development of custom WordPress/WooCommerce themes and plugins.  Custom themes and functionality for the Shopify eCommerce platform.   Custom development of Magento frontend themes.  PSD/Wireframe design to HTML, CSS, JS, jQuery. Front- end UI Developer Cross Country Home Services January 2015 to December 2015 Cross Country Home Services has provided a variety of home warranty, repair and maintenance services for more than 35 years. They are proud of their expertise in customer service delivered from centers located in Florida and South Carolina.     My invovlement with the CCHS team included:    Developing multiple front- end interfaces for a responsive call center application using Angular.    Built multiple online portals based on Zurb's Foundation Framework and Material JS. Lead Developer Cardone Training Technologies March 2014 to January 2015 Cardone training technologies focuses on providing sales training material to business through online memberships portals and other physical goods.    Responsibilities included:  Created an membership online video platform focused on sales-based entertainment written in PHP, HMTL, CSS, and Javascript.    Created multiple digital assets and landing pages built around responsive frameworks such as Twitter's bootstrap.    Improved user experience on two major websites which led to an exponential increase in online sales.    Helped setup and structure internal flow for live video streaming and video production. Front- end Develoepr BM Interactive Group - Miami, FL January 2011 to February 2014 Miami based agency focused on providing small businesses with digital goods and solutions.     Helped create websites from PSD designs and implemented them into different content management systems. Mentioned CMS include: Magento, WordPress, Drupal, Joomla and Adobe's Business Catalyst.    Maintained direct client relationships with the agency and regularly preformed maintenance tasks. Jr Front- end Developer Bonheur Media - Miami, FL October 2009 to January 2010 Created multiple websites from PSD to HTML, CSS, and JavaScript after self-teaching myself how to code HTML CSS and JS. Education Miami Dade College Skills HTML 5 (9 years), HTML (9 years), CSS3 (7 years), CSS (7 years), Javascript (4 years), PHP (4 years), jQuery (6 years), Photoshop (7 years), Illustrator (2 years), Wordpress (5 years), Shopify (4 years), WooCommerce (6 years), Shopify Liquid (4 years), Node, Angularjs Additional Information Name:  Victor Flores    Phone:   305.457.3452    Email:  vichflo@gmail.com