Programmer/Analyst Programmer/Analyst Programmer/Analyst - Rea Magnet Wire Company Inc Fort Wayne, IN Work Experience Programmer/Analyst Rea Magnet Wire Company Inc - Fort Wayne, IN February 2019 to Present Responsible for the design, coding, system testing, documentation, user training, and implementation  of solutions in support of Rea's key objectives.  • Collaborates with key business users to analyze, document and refine business systems  requirements. Delivers enterprise-level, integrated system solutions that satisfy key business  requirements while maximizing standard usage of Rea's ERP and Supply Chain applications where appropriate.  • Resolves Helpdesk tickets involving business applications or data related issues in a timely manner.  Documents the resolution and any mistake proofing techniques aimed at reducing the chance the issue is repeated. Recommends and/or develops and implements viable mistake-proofing measures  wherever practical to reduce common, high volume issues.    Professional Experience (cont.)    • Consults with key systems partners, other IT team members and outside resources for inclusion of best practices within the department. Works within established coding standards. Follows system  development life cycle (SDLC) methodology or Agile methodology as dictated by the project.  • Supports Rea's integration initiatives by applying and extending existing technologies in new ways  and learning new tools, techniques and sharing knowledge and expertise with the other Applications  Team members.  • Assists and advises other IT personnel regarding the Helpdesk issues, system changes, software  changes, and business rules.  • Assumes responsibilities of "on-call" for technical support when required. Front End Web Developer Aquent - Indianapolis, IN September 2018 to October 2018 Created multiple websites for Michigan State University. Introduced designs into front- end Cascade  Server. Developed customized reusable formats in school framework component library.  Key Achievements:  • Developed InsideMSU (https://msu.edu/InsideMSU) news site landing page along with https://CivilRights.msu.edu, and https://POE.msu.edu.  • Prepared simple accessibility allowing each user to easily access sites with Custom CSS markup to devise unique brand identity while preserving cohesion with existing framework component styles. Marketing Web Designer Solution Tree - Bloomington, IN 2016 to 2017 Managed project to migrate Magento 1 into Magento 2 for solutiontree.com. Engaged front- end environment for multiple marketing programs and private events Produced print collateral including packaging resources  and print production. Documented relevant legacy and new Solution Tree styles. Prepared custom  stylesheets compatible with Bootstrap 3 for responsive website framework.  Key Achievements:  • Designed various landing pages and marketing initiatives with high-level navigation links resulting in thousands of dollars in sales.  • Revitalized Free Resources site helps company promote books.  • Private/internal event microsites that provided crucial information regarding events  • Conceived multiple advertisements for Smartbrief newsletters to educators earning $200-$800 each. Interactive Technologist/Back End Developer IU Communications - Bloomington, IN 2015 to 2015 Bloomington, IN  Built back end environment and employed front- end tactics for various Indiana University websites. Created  XML and XSLT templates for Cascade Server Web Content Management System. Investigated and resolved  problems with forms, social media feeds, and CSS.  Key Achievement:  • Developed and implemented front and back end of imahoosier.iu.edu site, an extensive  promotional IU athletics campaign.    Professional Experience (cont.) Graphic Designer Center for Research in Extreme Scale Technologies - Bloomington, IN 2014 to 2014 Bloomington, IN  Supervised team working on ONE's visual brand identity. Produced icons and features.  Key Achievement:  • First designer to contribute library of icons and feature banners. Webmaster Center for Research in Extreme Scale Technologies - Bloomington, IN 2013 to 2014 Devised responsive edition of crest.iu.edu web site. Produced graphic website identities for open source  software development projects. Arranged floating menu improve usability metrics. Redesigned personnel,  news, software, and facilities pages. Administered multiple websites concurrently.  Key Achievements:  • Integrated Drupal 7 responsive CSS developments and Drupal 7 floating menu javascript.  • Installed Dokuwiki multiple supercomputing projects to help with internal processes. Education Bachelor of Science in Informatics in Graphic Design Indiana University - Bloomington, IN 2014 Links https://LinkedIn.com/in/helen-plageman Additional Information Technical Proficiencies    Languages: Javascript, Progress, SQL, Java, Scheme  Web Development: PHP, HTML/5, CSS/3, Sass, XML, XSLT, Velocity, JSON, REST,  Bootstrap, Zurb Foundation, Gulp  Software: Illustrator, Photoshop, InDesign, Animate, Flash, Eclipse, Terminal (macOS),  Windows 10 Business Suite, Cmder, Visual Studio Code, Sublime Text,  Xshell, Xftp  CMS: Cascade Server/7&8, Magento/1&2, Drupal/7&8, Wordpress (adept),  Documentation tools Dokuwiki & Raneto  Software Stacks: LAMP (adept), MEAN (experimental)  Systems: Windows, Linux, Mac  Revision Control Systems: Git, SVN