Sr. Front- End UI Developer Sr. <span class="hl">Front</span>-<span class="hl">End</span> UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> Sr. Front- End UI Developer - Anthem Virginia, MN • UI Developer with 7+ years of experience in Application Software Design, Object Oriented Design, Development, Analysis, Documentation, Debugging, Testing and Implementation.  • Good experience in software development life cycle (SDLC) in developing and designing user experiences of web applications using HTML5/HTML, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery and Ajax.  • Extensive experience in developing web page quickly and effectively using jQuery, HTML5, CSS3, Responsive Web Design, Bootstrap.  • Extensive experience in development of cross browser compatible web pages using HTML/HTML5, Java Script, jQuery, AJAX, CSS/CSS3 and MVC Framework.  • Experience on working with CSS table, classes, Pseudo elements and CSS behaviors in CSS.  • Expert in develop web pages for different devices like Mobile, Tablet and Desktop using RWD and Twitter Bootstrap.  • Responsible for checking cross browser compatibility, Responsive Web Design and hence worked on different browsers like Safari, Firefox, Google Chrome and Internet Explorer.  • Extensively worked on cross browser compatibility and Responsive Web Design on different browsers like Safari, Firefox, Google Chrome and Internet Explorer.  • Proficient in using AJAX for implementing dynamic Web Pages where the content was fetched via API calls and updated the DOM (JSON Parsing)  • Extensive Experience in Applications using AJAX, Object Oriented (OO) JavaScript, JSON and XML. In-Depth knowledge/Experience of Web 2.0, JavaScript, JQuery, W3C Standards  • Have expertise in using various SDLC models like Waterfall, Agile Scrum process and Sprint Planning.  • Good working knowledge in Web/Application servers such as JBoss, Apache Tomcat and Web sphere.  • Experience with various MVC Java frameworks like Angular JS, Underscore JS, and Node JS etc.  • Strong experienced in various IDEs like Eclipse, Edit Plus, Web storm, Sublime text, Notepad++, Adobe Photoshop and brackets.  • Experience in working with HTML, SQL and JavaScript in development process, also Performed various operation using core java.  • Extensive Experience in Applications using AJAX, Object Oriented (OO) JavaScript, JSON, JSONP, and XML.  • Used Web Services like SOAP and Restful web services using Ajax, HTML, XML, JSON, JavaScript, jQuery.  • Experience writing angular.js code for developing Single page applications (SPA), used several in built language core directives, expressions and modules.  • Extensive experience with Angular JS, directives, and services to interface with both restful and legacy network services also DOM applications.  • Extensive experience on modern front- end template frameworks for JavaScript including Bootstrap, JQuery, Angular JS etc.  • Experience in using version controls such as Star Team, GIT and SVN.  • Good knowledge with Ext JS, React JS and Underscore JS.  • Involved in working with various features of Underscore JS and Angular JS to design responsive web applications.  • Expertise in testing and debugging new programs using Firebug and Developer tools  • Good in implementing the business rules in different layers like UI, services and database.  • Remarkable knowledge of design, normalization and Database Management Concepts.  • Extensive experience in SQL, PL/SQL programming, stored procedures, triggers and Query optimization, also written queries for insert, update and modification operations. Performed database normalization and optimization using database tools.  • Expertise in creating Conceptual Data Models, Process/Data Flow Diagrams, Use Case Diagrams, Class Diagrams, State Diagrams, Sequence Diagrams & Activity Diagrams.  • Extensive analytical, logical and programming skills, Self-Motivated and Team Player.  • Ability to grasp new technologies and to apply them to build applications  • Strong communication skills, time management and Team skills with an intention to work hard to meet project deadlines in a fast paced environment. Work Experience Sr. Front- End UI Developer Anthem - Norfolk, VA January 2018 to Present Responsibilities:  • Worked with Angular for creating own HTML elements for building a very companied Web site which is an open Source Project.  • Participated in development of a well responsive single page application using Angular framework Typescript and JavaScript in conjunction with HTML5, CSS3 standards, with front end UI team.  • Created XHTML Pages with CSS and the Box Model. Integrated the Java code (API) in JSP Pages.  • Used Content Management system (CMS) for the dynamic configuration of the header and footer of the web application.  • Used Angular, Typescript to develop the Single Page Application.  • Experienced in client-side design and validation using HTML and TypeScript.  • Experienced in working with multiple components and multiple module for developing the application using Angular 6.  • Built Web pages that are more user-interactive using AJAX, JavaScript, Angular.  • Developed complex, useable, attractive and cross-browser web interfaces that account for speed, file size, readability and accessibility.  • Used jQuery plugins for Drag-and-Drop, Widgets, Menus, User Interface and Forms  • Worked with Bootstrap in designing the application and used all its components, classes for developing a responsive web application.  • Used "Angular-UI" bootstrap for HTML components style definitions and user interface elements such as dialog boxes and tooltips.  • Experienced in Building the angular services and components  • Worked with Bootstrap Components which are written in Angular JS using Angular-UI components.  • Compiling the application and implemented various tasks using Grunt like preprocess, JSCS and karma  • Deployed angular applications using continuous integration and deployment methodology.  • Implementing Unit Testing using Jasmine and karma from client side and analyzed code coverage.  • Used Web based GIT repository manager with issue tracking features like GITLAB and GITHUB.  • Very well versed in Debugging issues from client side especially with IE 9, 10, Mozilla, Chrome and safari.    Environment: JavaScript, Typescript HTML5, CSS3, JSP, XML, Backbone.js, Angular.js, Angular 2/4/6 DHTML, jQuery, Ajax, DOM, JSON, Dreamweaver, , Adobe Flash, Rest, Web Services, Eclipse. Sr. Front- End UI Developer Liberty Mutual - Dover, NH July 2016 to December 2017 Responsibilities:  • Developed dynamic web pages using HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, jQuery, AngularJS, Bootstrap, LESS, CSS3 and Sublime Text Editor.  • Used jQuery core library functions for the logical implementation part at client side for all the application.  • Coded in AngularJS MVC framework to build Web application for the internal use of the organization.  • Worked on JavaScript and HTML5 Browser Cache mechanism for storing and retrieving data for the website.  • Extensively used Typescript and JavaScript to make the web pages more and more interactive  • Develop various screens for the front end using React JS and used various predefined components from NPM (Node Package Manager) and Redux library.  • Used Node.JS, React.JS, and Backbone.JS MVC framework for developing the Single Page Application (SPA)  • Responsible for React UI and architecture. Building components library, including Tree, Slide-View, and Table Grid.  • Built applications using React JS which allowed us to render pages on both the client and server using the same codebase.  • Developed application using Node and ReactJS for Asynchronous Module Definition (AMD) and Grunt as task manager.  • Experience on ReactJS on the front end styled using SCSS.  • Used jQuery features for form validations, AJAXification of the application, implement features as a light box.  • Created forms to collect and validate data from the user in HTML and JavaScript.  • Involved in writing jQuery-based Ajax requests using jQuery. Get or jQuery. ajax and jQuery. Post.  • Responsible to manipulate HTML5, CSS3 and jQuery as well as making the pages dynamic using AJAX, JSON.  • Worked with Angular JS directives and Bootstrap Components in Angular JS.  • Worked with Moment.js, a JavaScript library for dealing with the date objects which makes easy to work with Date pickers, Date Formats and Time Zones etc.  • Worked with the application to handle many cross-browser compatibility issues (IE8, IE9, Chrome, Firefox, and Safari) on both Windows.  • Working with the Testing Team to fix the Production issues and giving support services for the application.    Environment: HTML5, HTML, CSS2/3, Less, JavaScript, Typescript, JQUERY, React JS, Angular JS, AJAX, Bootstrap, Sublime, Version Control (SVN) UI developer InfoTech Solutions August 2014 to May 2015 Responsibilities:  • Gathered business requirements, prepared Software Requirement Specification (SRS) document.  • Websites designed and developed using HTML5, DHTML, XHTML, CSS 3, Bootstrap, Ajax and jQuery based on W3C standards and Web 2.0.  • Participated in making Responsive Web Designs using Media Queries and Twitter Bootstrap.  • Created user interface using JavaScript, jQuery, CSS3 and HTML5.  • Produced content pages with CSS3 layout and style markup presentations and also used JavaScript methods and properties.  • Widely used JavaScript to provide functionality for the user interface.  • Experience with jQuery with templating and Bootstrap.  • Worked on the application developed using HTML5, CSS3 and JSON.  • Worked with technologies like jQuery and Ajax to make more attractive and easy to use website.  • Defined the site layout and developed Wireframes using AdobeIllustrator.  • Created design mock-ups and wireframes using MS PowerPoint, Adobe Photoshop CS4 and Dreamweaver CS3.  • Used several jQuery plugins to build Rich Internet Application (RIA) to make it look more intuitive.  • Developed DAOs (Data Access Objects) and SQL queries to support system functionality.  • Used Team Studio and Build Manager tools to develop Notes applications and promote the new design to test environment.  • Responsible for checking cross browser compatibility and hence worked on different browsers like Safari, Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox and Google Chrome.  • Designed web site mockups, navigation buttons, etc using Adobe Photoshop.  • Involved in the search for errors, broken links and missing images etc. and rectify.  • Implemented and tested the business application with jQuery.  • Developed dynamic e-mails using JavaScript, and hand coding of HTML, XHTML, and CSS.  • Debugging the code using browser tools like Firebug.  • Experience use GIT version control.  • Collaboration with team members design, analysis, coding, testing and review website.  • Coordinated with the business on User Acceptance Tests (UAT) and to get the approval from business on the design changes.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Web 2.0, Agile, Adobe Photoshop, Bootstrap, Ajax, JSON, JQuery, Angular JS, Windows XP. Web/UI developer Technip August 2013 to July 2014 Responsibilities:  • Responsible for creating efficient design and developing User Interaction screens using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery AJAX and JSON  • Used JavaScript, JQuery for user interactions in pages.  • Worked on creating responsive website for smart devices using responsive design and media queries.  • Used JQuery Ajax for service calls on pages to interact with the server for information.  • Rapid prototyping of design concepts.  • Utilized various JavaScript and JQuery libraries, AJAX for form validation and other interactive features.  • Involved in designing and developing the JSON, XML Objects with MySQL.  • Used Ajax, JSON to send request to the server to check the functionality of the websites.  • Using complex Object Oriented concepts in improving the performance of the websites.  • Created forms to collect and validate data from the user in HTML and JavaScript.  • Active participation throughout the entire software development lifecycle from project inception, to code development and elaborate testing of the various modules.  • Used agile methodology for the software development.  • Responsible for authoring of website functionality with JavaScript, HTML, CSS.  • Used CSS Sprites to decrease the number of HTTP requests and load time of web pages.  • Been an active team player, helped in fixing bugs and also carried out troubleshooting.  • Produced semantically appropriate, standards compliant markup, and produced Rich User Interfaces.    Environment: HTML, JavaScript, AJAX, CSS, JSON, XML, JQuery, XML, Agile, Apache. UI Developer CATCHWAY TECHNOLOGIES June 2011 to July 2013 Responsibilities:  • Designed the Web application layout and forms using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.  • Handled all the client side validations, slide show, hide and show controls, dropdown menus and tab navigation using JQUERY.  • Responsible for transforming design mock-ups to W3C standards compliant HTML pages using HTML, XHTML, CSS.  • Wrote code to fetch data from Web services using JQUERY AJAX via JSON response and updating the HTML pages.  • Wrote script for AJAX implementations in the website.  • Performed XML Transformations from value objects to XML and from xml to HTML data.  • Designed and developed views, controller and model components implementing Struts Framework.  • Implemented Design patterns for recurring problems.  • Developed Web Services, which are published on to the Web sphere application server.  • Responsible for the process of UI design for Internet sites and applications.  • Used Cascading Style Sheet (CSS) in web pages to separate presentation from structure.    Environment: Windows, Eclipse, JavaScript, HTML, CSS. Education Master's in computer science RIVIER University 2017 Msc SVU University 2011 Bsc NAGARJUN A University 2009 Skills AJAX (7 years), HTML (7 years), JAVASCRIPT (7 years), jQuery (7 years), JSON (7 years) Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:    Web Technologies HTML/HTML5, CSS2/3, DHTML, XML, XHTML, JavaScript, Typescript AJAX, jQuery, JSON, JSP, Bootstrap, Apache.  IDE, HTML Editor Notepad++, EditPlus, Dreamweaver, Visual Studio, Adobe Photoshop, Sublime text, Eclipse  Source Controls GIT, CVS, SVN  Methodologies Agile, Scrum, Waterfall.  Databases SQL Server 2008, Oracle, MYSQL.  Browsers IE, Mozilla, Firefox, Opera, Chrome and safari.  Frameworks Angular 6/5/4/2, Angular JS, Twitter Bootstrap, Back Bone JS, Node JS  Operating Systems Windows XP, Windows 200X, MAC OS X  Debugging Tools Firebug, BugZilla, Internet Explorer Developer Tools.  Application Servers Oracle, Web Logic, IBM Web sphere, JBOSS, Apache Tomcat, 6.0.HTTP  JavaScript API's JQuery, jQuery UI, Prototype.js