Web Developer Web <span class="hl">Developer</span> Web Developer - United Health Group Woodbury, MN • Over 6+ years of extensive experience in the field of Web Application & Webpage development using HTML (4.01/5), CSS (2/3), XHTML, XML, DHTML, JavaScript, JQuery (1.1/2.1), AJAX, JSON, Angular, Bootstrap with strict W3C standards.  • Worked with ECMA Script 6 features using Classes and Object Oriented JavaScript.  • Expert in creating Templates, Mockups and Prototypes, Web Interfaces, Layouts and Flow of future pages.  • Professional understanding of Software development life cycle SDLC as well as various phases such as Analysis Design, Development and Testing using agile methodologies (Test Driven Development, SCRUM, and Pair Programming), RAD and Waterfall.  • Good knowledge in Twitter Bootstrap and Responsive Design.  • Excellent working knowledge and thorough exposure on compatibility issues with different versions of browsers like Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Safari and Google Chrome.  • Experience in using the JavaScript frameworks JQUERY, Angular, React.js Node. Js & Twitter Bootstrap.  • Good understanding of Document Object Model (DOM) and DOM functions.  • Expertise in client side designing and validations using HTML5 and JavaScript.  • Experienced in using Angular for writing Custom Directives, Modules and Filter objects.  • Using Angular Services for consuming REST API and SOAP web services using Asynchronous callbacks and Http/ AJAX libraries.  • Understanding the ES6 JavaScript standards and writing the code in TypeScript, Native Script to develop various Angular 2 Applications.  • Experienced in Server-Side programming using Node JS for creating custom Http Services, File Manipulation and RESTful Services using Modular Design.  • Extensive knowledge and working experience of web development technologies such as, JavaScript, jQuery UI, AngularJS, Angular2/4/6, HTML5, CSS3, SASS and Bootstrap.  • Skilled at analyzing and solving browser compatibility challenges and possesses ability to maintain consistency and well commented HTML and CSS markup.  • Experience on working with CSS background, Layouts, Positioning, Text, Border, Padding, Pseudo Classes, Elements and CSS behaviors in CSS.  • Experience of working on CSS Pre-processors SASS and LESS with JavaScript task runners like Grunt and Gulp.  • Good knowledge on SEO principles.  • Good experience working with Healthcare, E-Commerce Websites.  • Utilized various JQUERY plugins to build Rich Internet Application (RIA).  • Used JIRA for bug tracking and issue tracking.  • Used SVN, GIT for version control and JIRA for bug tracking.  • Strong knowledge in Well-versed in integrating back- end applications with AJAX driven web 2.0 front- end using Object Oriented Programming (OOP) JavaScript framework.  • Experience working extensively on both UNIX based and Windows Environments.  • Experience in documentation using MS tools (Word, Excel, PPT, Project and Access).  • Involves in understanding functional specifications and developing creative solutions to meet business requirements.  • Ability to learn and adapt quickly to the emerging new technologies.  • Strong problem-solving, organizing, communication and planning skills, with ability to work in team environment.  • Good written and oral communication skills and Interpersonal skills with a strong ability to excel through collaboration with team members. Work Experience Web Developer United Health Group October 2018 to Present Optum serves the entire health and human services system: those who need care, those who provide care, and those who pay for care. There are nearly 132,000 employees providing health and human services solutions that are used by more than 47 states. Among them we are part of delivering the broadest set of capabilities to impact health and human services delivery in West Virginia. We demonstrate our implementation by maintaining a Web-based hosted solution for Family Assistance, Child Support systems. Each of them includes design, development, implementation, maintenance, operations, data warehousing and many more. Our approach consists of three separate, yet integrated program-specific projects be executed in parallel to support business objectives. Those are Child Welfare, Child Support and Integrated Eligibility.  Responsibilities:  • Worked on complete SDLC including creating design documentation, development (with browser compatibility), unit testing (in multiple browsers) of application.  • Worked in an Agile- Scrum development methodology to ensure delivery of high quality work with monthly iteration, also involved in sprint planning and retrospectives.  • Designed CSS based page layouts that are cross-browser compatible and standards-compliant.  • Used Angular 6 as framework to create a Single Page Application (SPA) which can bind data to specific views and synchronize data with server.  • Developed a single page, mobile-first, cross-device/cross-browser web application for real-time location sharing utilizing Angular, JavaScript API.  • Build multiple public facing websites as per the creative design/Wireframes using Angular 6.  • Designed dynamic and browser compatible pages using HTML5, DHTML, CSS3, JQuery and JavaScript.  • Involved in developing HTML and JavaScript for client-side presentation and data validation on the client side within the forms.  • Developed JavaScript library for rendering domain-specific layout XML to the web.  • Used Amazon Web Services (AWS) for effective implementation of the modular components.  • Involved in writing application level code to perform client-side validation using JQUERY and JavaScript.  • Worked with Bootstrap's custom UI components for Angular.  • Participated in development of a well responsive single page application using Angular, JavaScript, and jQuery in conjunction with HTML5, CSS3 standards, with front- end UI team.  • Have defined Database schema designs for user roles and permissions using NodeJS.  • Used JIRA dashboard for tracking progress of the work updated the status of the issues.  • Created Reusable components with React Js and Redux Js.  • Extensive use of Jest and Enzyme to write tests.  • Used Restful web services using jQuery, Angular and React JS to fetch response data for user interface.  • Developed the page layouts, navigation, animation buttons and icons.  • Worked heavily on CSS3 and LESS layout for DOM manipulation. Capable of solving Cross-browser compliant issues (IE, Firefox, Chrome, and Safari).  • Wrote clean code that works using TDD (Test Driven Development) by taking small steps when writing software.  • Maintain, enhance, and recommend solutions that best suit business and technology needs from UI standpoint.  • Responsible for the design of web applications right from the conceptualization stage to its implementation and maintenance.  Environment:    HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap, LESS, React JS, Angular 4/6, NodeJS, AWS, TDD, ECMA Script 6, XML, JSON, DOM, MVC, AJAX, Media queries, MSOffice, Visual Studio Code IDE, Junit and REST API. Web developer Cisco systems - Morrisville, NC October 2017 to October 2018 Cisco is the largest networking company in the world. It started it's services in 1984. It develops, manufactures and sells networking hardware, telecommunications equipment and other high-technology services and products.  Responsibilities:  • Followed agile methodology in the development lifecycle with weekly Scrum meetings.  • Involved in requirement gathering, designing, development, UI reviews, and maintenance.  • Responsible for CSS based custom UI modification; JavaScript based functionality modification and unit testing.  • Built Web pages that are more user-interactive using jQuery plugins, AJAX, JavaScript.  • Involved in development, design and implementation of front- end part of the application.  • Developed the User Interactive web pages as per organizational standards by using web technologies like HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript and Angular.  • Integrated the Java code (API) with UI Pages.  • Developed single page applications using Angular 4, Typescript, HTML5, CSS3, and Bootstrap.  • Have created REST API for the CRUD operation using NodeJS.  • Coded Angular 4 controllers and directives for application functionality  • Wrote code in TypeScript to develop various Angular Applications.  • Used LESS preprocessor, Bootstrap library for creating UI and maintain consistency across the website.  • Used Media Queries (Responsive Web Design) techniques to enhance user's behavior based on screen-size, platform and orientation.  • Worked on Cross-Browser compatibility and fixed the bugs for several browsers.  • Used React JS to create custom components for data manipulations and to display data in company standard format.  • Web pages were upgraded and maintained easily using HOC (higher order components) of React. Js  • Designed Frontend within object-oriented JavaScript Framework like Bootstrap, Angular.  • Built and Maintained websites with HTML5, CSS3, SASS, Gulp, Grunt, Javascript, jQuery, and Adobe Creative Suite.  • Extensively used Selectors in JQuery for updating content on DOM nodes.  • Created JavaScript code using XML Http Request Adapter to send AJAX request to the server side code and also implemented a callback function to handle the results.  • Used Eclipse IDE for designing, coding and developing applications.  • Used CVS for Version control to maintain revised code across various developers.  • Rigorous use of testing frameworks such as Junit.  • Worked with the team of architects and back- end Developers to gather requirements and enhance the application functionality and add new features.  • Successfully executed all the test cases and fixed any bugs/issues identified during the test cycles    Environment:  HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, Bootstrap, LESS, Angular 4, NodeJS, ECMA Script 6, Node.JS, React.JS, Grunt, Gulp, XML, JSON, DOM, MVC, AJAX, Media queries, Java, Eclipse IDE, CVS, Junit. Front end developer The Provident Bank - New York, NY February 2016 to September 2017 For more than 175 years, Provident Bank has served individuals, families, and businesses in their local communities. The bank offers a broad array of deposit, loan, and investment products as well as trust, fiduciary and wealth management services through its wholly owned subsidiary, Beacon Trust Company.  The Client uses this tool to utilize the resources we have and attain the performance as per the business objectives as well.  Responsibilities:  • Experience in all phases of SDLC like Requirement Analysis, Implementation and Maintenance and extensive experience with Agile and SCRUM.  • Implemented Angular 2 controllers to maintain the data present in each view  • Responsible in implementation of the presentation layer for the application using HTML5, CSS3, JAVASCRIPT, Angular.  • Called the RESTful web service calls for POST, PUT, DELETE and GET methods  • Constructed and designed web pages and templates, including layout and navigation for the complete web application using HTML5, XML.  • Used Angular Custom directives to extend the functionality of HTML  • Developed web user interfaces and Graphical User Interfaces utilizing JavaScript, Ajax etc. to provide real time control in a separate program.  • Used AngularJS for creating user interface and single page web applications.  • Used JavaScript and jQuery for user interactions in pages.  • Created External Style Sheets to web pages using SASS, LASS, CSS and Bootstrap.  • Made the web pages compliant with W3C, ADA & Section 508Compliance Standards  • Experience in Version Control tools including GIT and SVN.  • Analyzed and parsed the response of JSON/XML to update DOM.  • Testing the website on multiple browsers with their old as well as latest release.  • Worked on creating responsive website for smart devices using responsive design.  • Build and maintain SQL scripts, indexes, and complex queries for data analysis and extraction.  • Followed Agile/Scrum methodology of software development thereby satisfying the customer through early and continuous delivery of valuable software.  • Extensively involved design discussions and user experience sessions to provide inputs on the layout  • Played an active role in all stages of application development- requirements gathering, analysis and design, development, testing and debugging    Environment:  HTML5, CSS/CSS3, SASS, JavaScript, Angular JS, jQuery, AJAX, Bootstrap, XML, JSON, MVC, SOAP, GIT, GUI, SQL, Agile, SDLC Front end developer Molina Healthcare - Omaha, NE February 2015 to January 2016 The main task of Molina Healthcare is to provide quality health services to financially vulnerable families and individuals covered by government programs. Health plans, medical clinics, and a health information management solution are part of Molina Healthcare.  Our project is an internal application having different kinds of Insurance products to the customers such as auto, home, property, condo insurance. The intent of the project is to receive requests from the Requestor (Vendor application) and render to the Supplier (other source) by categorizing based on the requests. The Supplier can be any Insurance Product serving application. Hence our application plays a vital role in categorizing the requests sent in XML format using SOAP and Restful Web services.  Responsibilities:  • Responsible for creating efficient design and development of responsive UI using with HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript libraries like Angular.  • Actively involved in using AngularJS, Bootstrap and HTML5 to enable client-side date to meet specific criteria by applying various validation variable.  • Developed CSS style sheets to give gradient effects. Developed page layouts, navigation and icons.  • Used CSS Sprites to decrease the number of HTTP requests and load time of web pages.  • Developed single page applications (SPAs) using Angular to improve page performance and consumed SOAP web services.  • Responsible for developing reusable components using Custom Directives and routing based on states using UI-Routing in Angular.  • Utilized JQuery and Angular JS Validation components for form validation and other interactive features.  • Understanding the ES 6 JavaScript standards and writing the code in TypeScript to develop various Angular 2 Applications.  • Developed portals for implementing health care benefits of the employees.  • Implemented Unit Test cases using Jasmine for Angular.js on client side.  • Used Protractor in testing the Angular JS applications.  • Used Require JS for module management and dependency injection.  • Used AJAX extensively to implement front end /user interface features in the application.  • Used Angular and bootstrap to develop UI based on MVVM methodology.  • Experienced in React JS and working with React Flux architecture using complex Object Oriented concepts in improving the performance of the websites.  • Used Apache POI to generate Excel documents.  • Used CD to automate everything and CI to automate the build and deployment.  • Used all the advanced Photoshop features to create appealing visual web interfaces.  • Involved in the development of internal desktop applications for different internal departments using Java and SQL server.  • Developed single page applications (SPAs) using AngularJS to improve page performance and consumed SOAP web services.  • Produced semantically appropriate, standards compliant mark-up, and produced Rich User Interfaces.  • Developed web applications that ensure Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.0 Level AA compliance with Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) standards.  • Used GIT for version control.  • Involved in discussions with the Business Analysts to identify the technical requirements. Heavy interaction with UX/UI teams in various geo locations.    Environment: HTML4/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript, Angular JS 2.0, React JS, JQuery, ES 6, Apache, AJAX, Bootstrap, Eclipse, Maven, CD, CI, SOAP, GIT. Web/UI Designer Royal IT Park - Hyderabad, Telangana January 2014 to December 2014 Developed an application is the main source of information to the login origination system. It generates a loan number for the borrower once a user enters all the required information. This loan number is useful to carry out all the operations.  Responsibilities:  • Implemented the presentation layer with HTML, DHTML, jQuery, Ajax, and CSS.  • Implemented all UI modules for the product using JavaScript, AJAX, and jQuery.  • Implemented the editor component with spell-check using AJAX, JSON.  • Integrated jQuery Grid View for all Data View for the product using jQuery, CSS selectors, toggles, and hover functionality, ToolTip, Ajax Forms.  • Extensively used jQuery plug-ins like Image Light box, Ajax Queue, Auto Populating select box, Search plugin, calendar plug-in, AJAX-queue plug-in, and Auto populating multiple select-boxes.  • Developed Tabbed pages using AJAX with JQuery and XML for quick view of related content.  • Used Angular JS MVC Architecture to split the UI logic into Views, Models and Collections.  • Implemented Angular JS Factories and Controllers to manipulate and view employee task data.  • Used CSS Sprites to decrease the number of HTTP requests and load time of web pages.  • Designed and developed the Validators, Controller Classes and Java bean components.  • Involved in Database Management and JDBC connectivity.  • Used ANT scripts to fetch, build, and deploy application to development environment.  • Implemented applications in JavaScript and MYSQL.  • Invoked the RESTFul Services from the AngularJS controllers.  • Involved in using Core Java concepts - Collections, Exception Handling, and Multithreading.  • Maintained Section 508 and W3C standards.  • Used Canvas to draw graphics using JavaScript.  • Created DOM Touch events for mobile application development exclusively for touch screen devices.  • Reduced inconsistencies and usability issues with the website.    Environment: JavaScript, Angular JS, jQuery, Core Java, CSS, AJAX, JSON, HTML, DHTML, XML, DOM, Photoshop 5, GIT, J2EE, RESTFul, SOAP, PHP, MySQL, Eclipse, Maven. Front End Developer Taj Hotels - Mumbai, Maharashtra January 2013 to December 2013 Taj has brought together the unique beauty and traditions from across India in an experience that highlights true Indian hospitality. As part of this, performed data validation using JavaScript code on the client side.  Responsibilities:  • Responsible for design and development of web pages using HTML, CSS including AJAX controls and XML.  • Developer single page application (SPA) with Angular JS  • Developed UI using HTML, CSS, JavaScript validations and XML.  • Coordinated with BA group for better understanding of functional requirements analyzed and designed the business requirements to documented and implemented.  • Implemented applications in JavaScript and MySQL.  • Update and maintain Database Servers using SQL queries.  • Developed portals for implementing health care benefits of the employees.  • Created various web page layouts using HTML and CSS.  • Designed, developed and updated User Interface Web Forms using CSS, Dreamweaver and JavaScript.  • Performed Angular JS form validation and validation messages displaying with ng-show and created a custom validation directive for comparing fields.  • Used Adobe Illustrator program to create vector images.  • Used Spring framework for the MVC implementation  • Validated input values to make sure that they will be accepted before they are submitted to the server.  • Used Angular JS Http Request to read data from web servers and process JSON data to render in the UI.  • Responsible for developing, editing, publishing and managing content on the external Web pages and internal layouts.  • Used Cascading Style Sheet (CSS) in web pages to separate presentation from structure.  • Defined text alignment, size, borders and many other typographic characteristics.  • Performed client-side validations using JavaScript.  • Fixed bugs and provided support services for the application.  • Tested/De-bugged web browser using Firebug.    Environment: HTML, Angular JS, CSS, JQuery, JSON, JavaScript, spring, XML, SQL, sublime, Adobe Photoshop, GIT, Eclipse, Maven, Dreamweaver. Front End Developer Mayra Business Services Pvt.Ltd July 2012 to December 2012 This Project emphasizes on diversifying internal and external applications such as Review, audit, analyze, and code all invoices for payment. This project uses a portal to operate both internal and external applications. This involves various operations integrating the services are consolidated and uses a single portal with various options categorizing various users.    Responsibilities:  • Developed the application using template frameworks for JavaScript including Bootstrap, SQL, AngularJS, MVC, HTML, CSS, AJAX, JSON.  • Responsible for developing the pages using jQuery, Ajax, and JSON to parse on data on the frontend on the fly.  • Involved in complete Agile SDLC on Requirement Analysis, Development, System and Integration testing.  • Implemented AngularJS Scopes and AngularJS Expression.  • Used bootstrap to get the best and most efficient results.  • Developed Web Services using REST, WSDL and XML.  • Worked with Firebug to locate the issues through different browsers.  • Created AngularJS Directives such as ng-app, ng-controller, ng-model, ng-init, ng-switch, ng-required, ng-checked, and ng-repeat in my module.  • Implemented AngularJS Routing and Filters.  • Worked with the QA team to fix the bugs, test the load, and performance checking.  • Used Jasmine for testing AngularJS cases.  • Used GIT Hub repository for the source code management and code reviewing.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JAVA, GIT, XML, WSDL, XSD, JavaScript, Eclipse, Tomcat, Ajax, jQuery, Safari, Chrome, Apache Tiles, Bootstrap. Education Bachelor of Technology in Technology Osmania University - Hyderabad, Telangana Masters Bellevue University - Omaha, NE Skills C++, Git, JAVASCRIPT, BOOTSTRAP, NODE.JS Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:    Web Technologies: JavaScript, ES 6, jQuery, AJAX, React.js/Redux and Node.js, Angular 2/4/6.  Language: C, C++ and Java.  Java/J2EE Technologies: JDBC, MVC, ANT, MAVEN, XML, DOM, JUNIT, Web services, Multithreading.  Front End: HTML5, XML, JSON, CSS3, Bootstrap.  Wireframes: AxShare, In vision, Microsoft Visio, Visual Paradigm, Smart Draw, Rational Rose, UMLet.  Database: Oracle 12c, SQL Server 2005/12/14, MySQL.  Image Editing: Adobe Photoshop CS6, Adobe Image Ready CS3, Adobe Fireworks CS3  Illustration: Adobe Illustrator CS3, In Design CS3 and Adobe Acrobat.  Video Editing: Adobe Premiere Pro and Windows Movie Maker, Sony Vegas.  Web/App Servers: Web Sphere 8.0(beta), Web logic and Tomcat 5.0/6.0/7.0  Methodologies: Agile, waterfall, TDD.  Version Control System: SVN, GIT  Desktop Tools: Acrobat Writer, MS Word, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint and MS Access.