Sr. Front End UI Developer Sr. <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> Sr. Front End UI Developer - Archents Dublin, OH • Over 5+ years of Front end/UI/Web/Mobile development experience with HTML, HTML5, CSS CSS3, Bootstrap, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, JSON, TypeScript, ReactJs, Redux, Flux, Angularjs2,4,6, ES5& ES6 Nodejs and PerlExperience in using agile/scrum methodology, TDD.  • Adapted Model - View-Controller (MVC) frameworks for developing web applications.  • Experience in Object Oriented Analysis and Design (OOAD), OOPS using Unified Modeling Language (UML), Design Patterns, MVC Frameworks.  • Extensive knowledge in creating style guides, best practices and setting UI standards for enterprise/consumer applications using Bootstrap.  • Expertise in Angular JS structural framework for dynamic web apps and profound knowledge in concepts like Dependency Injection, Promises, Services, Scopes, Controllers and Directives.  • Expertise in React JS framework to develop the SPA  • Good experience in using Reacts JS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, Animations and Flux concept.  • Expertise in web-based GUIs development using Applets, Swings, JSP, HTML5, DHTML, CSS.  • Expertise in building strong websites confirming Web 2.0 standards using Yahoo User Interface (YUI) Framework, jQuery, HTML, XHTML, DHTML & CSS to develop valid code and table-free sites  • Worked on server-side scripting JavaScript framework Node.js, Express.js, created Rest API's using Node.js and connected to MongoDB.  • Hands on knowledge of JavaScript MVC frameworks such as AngularJS.  • Experience in working MVC Architecture and in using version control (SVN)  • Experience in developing components like Grids, Toolbars, Panels, Combo-Box and Button etc.  • Worked on CSS Background, CSS Positioning, CSS Text, CSS Border, CSS Margin, CSS Padding, CSS Table, Pseudo Classes, Pseudo Elements and CSS Behaviors in CSS.  • Experience in using various jQueryUI controls and corresponding Event handlers etc.  • Used the latest HTML5 elements for video playback, content rendering using semantic tags such as article, section etc.  • Knowledge on web application development in Agile and Waterfall environment.  • Proficient with creating Logos, Banners, Flyers, Buttons, Icons and Images using Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator and other Adobe Products.  • Expertise in using IDE tools like Eclipse, RAD, Notepad++ and Dreamweaver Editor.  • Used Amazon Web Services (AWS) in EC2, S3 etc for improved efficiency of storage and fast access and platform of Heroku.  • Extensively used the backbone.js, Angular.js frame works, JSON and JavaScript frameworks jQuery.  • Experience of consuming Rest API's.  • Worked on CSS Background, CSS Positioning, CSS Text, CSS Border, CSS Margin, CSS Padding, CSS Table, Pseudo Classes, Pseudo Elements and CSS Behaviors in CSS.  • Experience with Version Control tools like GITHUB, CVS, VSS and SVN for Source Code version management and merging Source code after intermittent Project releases.  • Extensive experience in developing XML code to retrieve data from the website and to give it in a consolidated view for end users.  • Have an excellent understanding of Core Java concepts including Collections, Multi-Threading, Exception Handling, Java Reflection, and Annotations.  • Familiar with major web applications servers, including Apache Tomcat, WebLogic, Glassfish  • Responsible for checking cross browser compatibility, Responsive Web Design and hence worked on different browsers like Safari, Firefox, Google Chrome and Internet Explorer. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr. Front End UI Developer Archents - Dublin, OH April 2018 to Present Description:  Archents is a software product company develop Technology Solutions for customers. F&B is web platform with an ability to make restaurant reservations through many mobile platforms. Admin web application is offering all administration capabilities for admin and support teams. Offers create new customer details and manipulate the data in other pages like products, category, news, etc.    This a rich UI application developed using Angular.js as core UI framework along with Twitter Bootstrap for RWD. Server-side modules are developed on Node.js platform offering microservices using REST API. Utilized IBM's Strong Loop for API implementation.    The project based on Angular.js 2 underwent a complete change to the Angular.js 4, I have been a part of the team and understands all the feasibilities provided by Angular.js 4 now included AOT's fixes and flexibility  Responsibilities:  • Worked with Development Manager and Team Lead in the Team of 7 people.  • Involved in the upgradation of the project based on Angular version 2 to Angular 4  • Involved in Designing and Developing Single Page Applications (SPA) using Angular JS, and with other UI technologies such as Java Script, jQuery, Bootstrap, CSS and HTML  • Work application level code to interact with API's, rest web services using AJAX, JSON, Node.js, XML and Angular.js.  • Coordinated with team members to meet scheduled deadlines, review completed work requests.  • Design develop and test HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, jQuery and React.JS that meets accessibility and web browser standards for website.  • Taken Responsibility in Conducting Daily Scrum calls with development team and involved in Sprint planning.  • Used Angular JS to develop single web page weather application.  • Experienced using independent libraries such as Kendo UI and Handsontable.  • Used Protractor for End to End Testing of Angular application.  • Developed applications using web technologies like HTML5, CSS3 based on the W3C standards.  • Made the application Responsive using Bootstrap and CSS properties.  • Experienced in using various JavaScript libraries which are required for the project.  • Experience in using open -source JavaScript libraries like React in building UI components.  • Integrated templates built using AngularJS, JSON and AJAX to get and post the data to back- end code (JSP).  • Involved in Agile Methodologies and planning of sprints.  • Experience in JavaScript libraries like UI-bootstrap.  • The libraries involved in developing the application were jQuery, Bootstrap, Angular UI grid, Angular UI Bootstrap.  • Implemented design process and developed various AngularJS based UI components.  • Implemented custom validation controls for various forms with help of AngularJS.  • Creating wireframes as per the functional specification document.  • Integrated templates built using AngularJS, JSON and AJAX to get and post the data to back- end code (JSP).  • Used tools such as firebug, web developer tools for debugging and correcting bugs.  • Conducted regular design and peer code reviews.  • Created cross-browser compatible and standards-compliant CSS-based page layouts.  • Responsive design using Bootstrap, less, CSS3 media queries.    Environment: AngularJS, JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3, jQuery, Bootstrap, gulp, Kendo UI, Handsontable, UI-grid, UI-Bootstrap, Agile, NodeJS, Restful API's, Bower, npm, Java, JSON. Sr. Front End UI Developer BancorpSouth - Tupelo, MS May 2017 to March 2018 Description: About 140 years ago, in the back of a hardware store in Verona, Mississippi, a new approach to banking was born - an approach built on longevity and the principle that neighbors should help neighbors. It was based on the idea that to better serve a customer is to understand what is right for them. Participated in User requirement gathering, Business Analyst requirement assessment, Documenting requirements in the form of use cases, flow charts and various Demos.    Responsibilities:  • Worked with development manager to develop a phased approach for application delivery and release.  • Used Angular JS to build single page web application.  • Involved in implementation of micro services using Spring Boot and eclipse Link data jpa (dynamic entity).  • Used React JS for templating for faster compilation and developing reusable components.  • Worked in using React JS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, Animations and Flux concept.  • Implemented design process and developed various AngularJS based UI components.  • Involved in Sprint planning and split the tasks between the team members.  • Developed the layouts from Photoshop design files for Customer Relations Module.  • Experience in Client-side JavaScript libraries like Ext JS.  • Implemented custom validation controls for various forms with help of AngularJS.  • Developed applications using web technologies like HTML5, CSS3 based on the W3C standards.  • Experience in using open -source JavaScript libraries like React in building UI components.  • Coordinated with team members to meet scheduled deadlines, review completed work requests.  • Creating wireframes as per the functional specification document.  • Used tools such as firebug, web developer tools for debugging and correcting bugs.  • Conducted regular design and peer code reviews.  • Used React to overcome the problems like building large applications with data that change over time.  • Created cross-browser compatible and standards-compliant CSS-based page layouts.  • Responsive design using Bootstrap, less, CSS3 media queries  • Extensive knowledge in developing single page applications using various JavaScript frameworks like SASS, AngularJS, Node.js.  • Used various Search Engine Optimization (SEO) techniques.    Environment: Ext JS, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap, HTML5, CSS3, UI-grid, UI-Bootstrap, Ajax, Agile, Restful API's, Node.js, npm, Java, MongoDB, JSON UI Developer Ameriprise Financial, Inc - Minneapolis, MN November 2015 to April 2017 Description: Integrity has been a core value since we were founded by John Tappan in 1894. It's how, through panics, recessions, the Great Depression and the recent Great Recession, we've grown into a global financial leader. We've never taken a bailout. Never lost our focus on our clients.    Responsibilities:  • Requirements gathering, designing, assisting the project plan, developing and building the system.  • Involved in technical design architecture and interface designs for the application.  • Involved in technical design and user interface design using JSP, HTML5 for the application.  • Implemented custom validation controls for various forms with help of AngularJS.  • Handled project as team lead and also guided team members by assigning different tasks to them and I have taken  The responsibility of completing the project on give time.  • Handled Server and Client-side Validations.  • Worked with development manager to develop a phased approach for application delivery and release.  • Used AngularJS to build single page web application.  • Implemented design process and developed various AngularJS based UI components.  • Developed the layouts from Photoshop design files for Customer Relations Module.  • Implemented custom validation controls for various forms with help of AngularJS.  • Developed applications using web technologies like HTML5, CSS3 based on the W3C standards.  • Coordinated with team members to meet scheduled deadlines, review completed work requests.  • Used tools such as firebug, web developer tools for debugging and correcting bugs.  • Conducted regular design and peer code reviews.  • Created cross-browser compatible and standards-compliant CSS-based page layouts.  • Responsive design using Bootstrap, less, CSS3 media queries  • Extensive knowledge in developing single page applications using various JavaScript frameworks like SASS, AngularJS.  • Used various Search Engine Optimization (SEO) techniques.    Environment: AngularJS, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap, Agile, Typescript, HTML5, CSS3, Java, JSON, JSP, Restful API's, Cardova, ASP.net, Dreamweaver, SASS, Ajax, XML, Ionic. UI Developer Costco Wholesale Corporation - Issaquah, WA September 2014 to October 2015 Description: Costco Wholesale Corporation is an American membership-only warehouse club that provides a wide selection of merchandise. Where it provides the costumers variety of options for which a lot of web application development is done by gathering the client requirements specifications.    Responsibilities:  • Worked with HTML, CSS, JSP, XML, JSON, JavaScript, jQuery and jQuery UI for developing user interface.  • Involved in writing application level code to interact with APIs, Web Services using AJAX, JSON, XML and jQuery.  • Used AngularJS Http Request to read data from web servers and process JSON data to render in the UI.  • Involved in writing jQuery-based Ajax requests using jQuery. Get (URL, data, callback, type) or jQuery. Ajax (options) and jQuery. Post (URL, data, callback, type).  • Used jQuery events to manipulate the elements depends on the user interactions (like ready (), hover (), bind (), click (), keypress (), etc.).  • Implemented bootstrap CSS in AngularJS for developing rich and responsive UI.  • Designed table-less layouts using CSS and appropriate HTML tags as per W3C standards.  • Developed Date Time Picker using Object Oriented JavaScript extensively.  • Created optimized graphic websites and application interfaces using HTML, CSS and jQuery UI framework.  • Front- end prototype and teeming with Bootstrap, jQuery.  • Handled all aspects of the web applications including maintaining, testing, debugging and deploying.  • Experience in developing for mobile with jQuery Mobile.  • Good knowledge of debugging JavaScript and HTML code with Firefox Firebug and Google chrome JavaScript debugger.  • Developed Architectural Design Documents and Block Diagrams.  • Develop WordPress themes to meet the needs of the small business owner.  • Used web services (REST) to bridge the gap between our MS and Drupal/WordPress technology.  • Participated in the research of new technologies like JQUERY-Mobile for few potential mobile app development efforts.    Environment: HTML, CSS, Java, JavaScript JSP, jQuery, AJAX, jQuery UI, JSON, XML, APACHE, Dreamweaver, SQL, JDBC, REST Web Services. Web Developer Prayog Labs - Hyderabad, Telangana January 2014 to August 2014 Prayog Labs Pvt. Ltd. promotes and establishes scientific research and development in electronics. It also acts as a solution provider for organizations engaged in export of IT and IT enabled Services. We are close-knit organized team that consists of drive, dynamic and talented achievers. Among us are professionals in embedded system, sensor system, power electronics, expertise in N-Tier Web application development, Architecture Design, Reporting Services.    Responsibilities:  • Analyzed, Designed and developed the system to meet the requirements of business users.  • Participated in the design review of the application to come up with UI and provide best possible recommendations for the application from UI standpoint.  • Implemented presentation tier using HTML, CSS by utilizing the mockups that were created by design team.  • Developed screen functionality using HTML, CSS, JavaScript.  • Used AJAX for implementing part of the functionality for Customer Registration, View Customer information modules.  • Implemented interaction between frontend and backend using the JSON object.  • Wrote Cross Browser code of CSS and JavaScript for Internet Explorer and Firefox.  • Involved in developing test plan and procedures.  • Developed web pages with functionalities like login, register, forgot password, Email, Filters using JavaScript, jQuery and HTML.  • Used JavaScript to update a portion of a web page thus reducing bandwidth usage and load time in web pages to get user input and requests.  • Debugging Web Pages with firebug and fixing issues.  • Testing browser compatibility and addressing browser compatibility issues.  • Optimizing SQL queries and stored procedures.    Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JDBC, XML, Apache Tomcat, Oracle, MS Access. Education Bachelor's Skills Visual studio, Git, Html, Javascript, Bootstrap Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:  • Web Technologies: HTML 5, CSS3, JavaScript, AJAX, jQuery, XML, XHTML, DHTML, Json, Apache, Java, Bootstrap.  • JavaScript Libraries: jQuery, Angular JS, Node JS and React JS.  • Version Control: SVN, GIT, TFS, CVS, Clear Case  • Debugging Tools: Firebug, Chrome  • J2EE Technologies: Servlets, EJB, JSP, JDBC  • Frameworks: Struts, Spring  • IDE & Tools: Eclipse, Visual Studio, NetBeans Notepad++, IBM Rad  • Database: MySQL, MSSQL, Oracle  • Operating System: Windows 98/2000/XP/Vista/7/8, HP, Solaris, AIX UNIX