Front End/UI Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span>/UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End/UI Developer - CSRA Rockville, MD • Over 6 years of extensive experience in software development life cycle (SDLC) in developing and designing user experiences of Internet/Intranet applications using HTML5, HTML, XHTML XML CSS, CSS3, PHP, JavaScript, jQuery MeetingW3C standards.  • Proven track record in Graphic and User Experience Design and Transforming Web/Graphic Designers static prototypes into hand-coded HTML, specifically emphasizing accuracy and efficiency & adhering to W3C-established web standards with respect to maintaining cross-browser/cross-platform compatibility and delivering final page templates, including optimized images.  • Good knowledge of latest version of object-oriented JavaScript Libraries like Angular.js, Node.js, Backbone.js, Bootstrap, EXTJS 4.0, and Require.js, Handlebars, Ember.js and Dojo toolkit.  • Experience in designing web applications employing Search Engine Optimization (SEO) techniques and Search Engine Strategies (SES).  • Experience with Responsive Web Design and Bootstrap.  • Expert in creating Templates, Web Interfaces, Layouts, and Flow of Future Pages.  • Expertise in designing and developing User Experiences for Web Applications using Web Authoring tools such as Adobe Dreamweaver CS3, Adobe Illustrator, and Adobe Flash.  • High level of expertise in CSS pixel-level layout, Consistency with browsers, Version and Platform Independence.  • Good experience working on CSS Background, CSS Positioning, CSS Text, CSS Border, CSS Margin, CSS Padding, CSS Table, Pseudo Classes, Pseudo Elements and CSS Behaviors in CSS.  • Expert in working with cutting edge front- end technologies/ framework and libraries like JQuery, Prototype, (X)HTML, DHTML, OO JavaScript, JSON, DOM, CSS, XML/XSLT, AJAX.  • Proficient with creating Logos, Banners, Buttons, Icons and Images using Adobe Flash and Adobe Illustrator.  • Well versed W3C standards.  • Facilitated calls to and from hearing impaired individuals, explained relay, and typed customer's conversation verbatim with high typing and spelling accuracy.  • Extensive experience in various UI widgets using JavaScript libraries (JQuery) and developing Rich Internet Applications RIA.  • Experienced in data driven-UI component where a single application serves as the website for multiple customers.  • I am the Motion Graphics Designer for Grunt Style.  • File DATA Q's and contest some • Work with DDM to track training roadside stops.  • Good knowledge of using JavaScript testing frameworks, Jasmine, Protractor and QUnit.  • Experience of JavaScript testing framework like Jasmine, Jest, Karma, Mocha and Chai.  • Expertise in working with kendo to develop modern web applications and easily combine with responsive apps.  • Hands on Experience for creating HDInsight cluster CI-CD pipeline for Message Queuing services using Gradle build tools to generate python files, java jar file and deploy those as artifact from Frog Artifactory to Azure cloud server using Jenkins in multiple environments.  • Skilled at analyzing and solving browser compatibility challenges and possesses ability to maintain consistency and well commented HTML and CSS markup.  • Installed Big-data components such as Event-hubs, Stream-Analytics, CosmosDB, BLOB storage, HDInsight Spark Cluster on Microsoft Azure Cloud using Jenkins CI/CD pipeline.  • Worked with Agile waterfall and scrum methodology.  • Experience in using Web Services like SOAP protocol in JAXWS and RESTFUL web services Proficient in Object Oriented Design/Development (OOD), Object Oriented Analysis and Design (OOAD), Model View Control (MVC) design pattern and Test-Driven Development (TDD).  • Good knowledge in JavaScript testing tools with Mocheand chai.  • Experience with User Acceptance Testing (UAT) and Accessibility Testing.  • An energetic individual, able to communicate effectively, to work collaboratively to resolve problems and to motivate team members as well.  • An experienced software developer passionate about delivering quality software products with thorough & rigorous testing and ample documentation.  • Excellent analytical and logical programming skills with a good understanding at the conceptual level and possess excellent presentation, interpersonal skills with a strong desire to achieve specified goals. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Front End/UI Developer CSRA - Rockville, MD August 2018 to Present Responsibilities:  • Developed CSS based page layouts that are cross-browser compatible and standards-compliant.  • Developed HTML views with HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap and Angular JS (1.4,1.5).  • Used JQuery for basic animation and end user screen customization purposes.  • Developed creative intuitive user interfaces that address business and end-user needs, while considering the technical, physical and temporal constraints of the users.  • Good hands on experience on setting up Jenkins on servers and to create CI/CD pipelines using it  • Involved in the development of presentation layer and GUI framework using Angular JS(2.0)and HTML.  • Built different modules, controllers, templates, custom filters and directives in Angular JS.  • Experience with CI (Continuous Integration) and CD (Continuous Delivery) methodologies using Jenkins.  • Designed dynamic and browser compatible pages using HTML5, CSS3, JQuery and JavaScript.  • Involved in rendering additional components with custom HTML tags using React.js  • Involved in writing application level code to interact with APIs,Web Services using AJAX and Angular resources.  • Developed all the page styles by using Bootstrap and SASS instead of CSS to gain a better structure of the stylesheets for a maintain purpose.  • Developed code for Responsive web design in JavaScript using frameworks like Angular.js(,2.0), React.js.  • A significant accomplishment I've achieved while employed at Grunt Style is doing the graphics for Grunt Fest 7 as well as live streaming them to the big screen at the event for the crowd to see. It was definitely a rewarding part of the job.  • Responsible for making responsive web pages using twitter bootstrap and media queries.  • Enhanced user experience by designing new web features using MVC Framework like Backbone.js and Node.js.  • Attended many seminars on DOT compliance and Haz-Mat transportation.  • Proficient as a QA Engineer using Selenium (Core Java), Acceptance Test Driven Development (ATDD), and BDD using Cucumber and Spec Flow.  • Used Knockout.js to simply the complex data-based for user interfaces.  • Used groovyand spring boot to collecting the data from users and packaged the data as JSON distributed to applications.  • Implemented Grails Services and controllers to perform actions.  • Making changes to the existing web applications and creating new components using React.js.  • Used CSS pre-processors (SASS).  • Experience working with Redux for maintaining the consistency to run the application in different environments (client, server, and native) which are easy to test.  • Used Grunt for building the project.  • Worked with agile technology.  • Managed projects with GRUNT task runner.  • Involved in Developer Testing, Review and Trouble shooting.  • Developed UI tests with Protractor and Java tests in JUnit.  • Designed and Developed automation script using Selenium Web Driver in Eclipse.  • Used LAMPto suitable for building dynamic web sites and web applications.  • Handled response data from RESTFUL webservices using XML, JSON and JQuery to update UI Interacted with java controllers (JQuery, Ajax, and JSON to write/read data from back end systems).  • Created GET/PUT request and response using RESTFUL web services.    Environment:HTML5, CSS3, AngularJS, knockout.js, React.js, Groovy, Grails, AJAX, Responsive Web Design, Node.js, LAMP, JQuery UI, JSON, UX, Atom, Interaction design, Typography, User research, Axure, User-centered design, XHTML, Bootstrap, Photoshop, Flax, JavaScript, JSP, SASS, LESS, Agile methodology, GIT, Eclipse and Windows. Front End/UI Developer Wells Fargo - Charlotte, NC March 2017 to July 2018 Responsibilities:  • Involved in Requirement gathering phase to gather the requirements from the business users and dealing with UX team to continuously accommodate changing user requirements.  • Developed the front end of the application using HTML5, CSS3, SASS, JSP, JavaScript  • Applied advanced HTML, JavaScript, and CSS to deliver cutting-edge user interfaces and components.  • Created interactive websites and website features using JavaScript and JQuery/ JQuery UI.  • Used Angular.js and Node.js for developing single page web applications.  • Wrote Page level code using JavaScript with Angular.js(1.4,1.5) framework along with JQUERY and other JavaScript libraries.  • Spearheaded adoption of Responsive Web design principles.  • Creating interactive prototypes using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript front end code from a combination of wireframes, visual designs and design standards.  • Utilized Adobe Fireworks, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Dreamweaver and Illustrator for the front- end development such as graphics and multimedia's.  • Converted existing websites to Responsive websites.  • UsedJasmine to perform unit testing of custom filters, custom directives and various parts of AngularJS application.  • Developed front- end view templates withNode.js.  • Responsible for creating the screens with table-less designs meeting W3C standards.  • Worked withNode.jsto give a structure with rich API over a RESTful JSON interface.  • Wrote application level code to interact with the backend databases JQUERY, AJAX and JSON.  • ImplementedGrailsServices and controllers to perform actions.  • Used Dreamweaver, Photoshop, Flex for implementing application and designing graphics and images.  • Applied JQuery scripts for basic animation and end user screen customization purposes.  • Involved in rendering custom HTML tags using React.js.  • Implementing client-side Interface usingReact.js.  • Worked upon the dashboard for the project which contained a variety of charts and drag gable components using JQUERY UI Library.  • Used JQuery mainly for adding several functionalities to the application (calendar, tooltips, popover, hiding elements validation, making Ajax calls, etc  • Used AJAX for asynchronously exchanging small amount of data with the server behind the scenes and updating the JSP page.  • Used AJAX and JSON to make asynchronous calls to the project server to fetch data on the fly.  • Developed and deployed Action Classes and JSP for Dynamic HTML generation.  • Generated new and edited existing design with CSS to accommodate new changes in design and logic.  • Created web pages which are informative and yet very neat and interesting to look at.  • Responsible for design and development of the web pages from mock- ups.  • Worked closely with business users and developers of team to resolve issues.    Environment:HTML5, CSS3, JQuery, AJAX, Responsive Web Design, Jasmine, Grails, Angular.js, python, Node.js, React.js, JQuery UI, JSON, Dreamweaver, Photoshop, Flax, JavaScript, JSP, SASS and Windows. Front End/UI Developer Samsung - Houston, TX January 2016 to February 2017 Responsibilities:  • Analyzed business requirements, participated in technical design, development and testing of various modules assigned.  • Used the functionalities to write code in HTML5/HTML, CSS3/CSS, Angular.js, JavaScript, JQuery, Ajax, JSON, and Bootstrap with MySQL database as the backend.  • The project is built upon the Single Page Application (SPA) criteria.  • Developed Web application for backend system using Angular.js with cutting edge HTML5 and CSS3 techniques.  • For new website features wrote Angular.js controllers, views and services.  • Involved in developing a new business application to the layout using Grid orientation model Bootstrap framework.  • Used Backbone.js and Require.js to create Views to hook up models to the DOM and synchronize data to/from server.  • Designed Frontend with in object-orientedJavaScript Framework like Node.js and Ext.js.  • Developed JQuery code using an XML Http Request Adapter to send an AJAX request to the server-side code and also implemented a callback function to handle the results.  • Worked on prototypes for Responsive Web design.  • Implemented JavaScript source code and embedded nested handling logic using JQuery event handlers and call back functions.  • Developed the JQuery callback functions for implementing asynchronous communication using AJAX.  • Extensively used JQuery UI for screen design and development.  • Involved in Coding, styling, testing of reusable JavaScript, CSS3, HTML5 widgets/ libraries for complete UI controls.  • Designed user-friendly navigation for displaying various sections of data using JQuery.  • Created Dynamic Web Pages using Web Controls and developed forms using HTML5.  • Coded pages with best Search Engine Optimization (SEO) techniques.  • Used Dreamweaver, Photoshop, Flex for implementing application and designing graphics and images.  • Used Content Management system (CMS) for the dynamic configuration of the header and footer of the web application.  • Styling pages using CSS3.0 and developed JavaScript for user interfaces.  • Used CSS Blueprint to create grids and adopt cross browser interactive features and to make the web pages more.  • Implemented XML parsing code for different application.  • Developed server-side REST style web services and called them from angular controllers.  • Frequently met with the project manager to review project goals and to create proposals for future developments, researching their fields for UI design.  • Worked with the team of architects and back- end Developers to gather requirements and enhance the application functionality and add new features.    Environment:HTML5, CSS3, JQuery, Bootstrap, Angular.js, Require.js, Ext.js, Node.js, Backbone.js, Responsive Web Design, AJAX, JQuery UI, JavaScript, Dreamweaver, Photoshop, Flex, MVC, Rest Web Services, JSON, XML, SEO, MySQL Server, Eclipse and Windows. UI Developer Verzion - Spring Valley, NJ February 2013 to November 2015 Responsibilities:  • Involved in various phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) of the application like Requirement gathering, Design, Analysis and Code development.  • Designed dynamic and browser compatible pages using HTML, DHTML, CSS, JQuery and JavaScript.  • Responsible for creating the screens with table-less designs meeting W3C standards.  • Involved in extensive HTML coding.  • Responsible for developing the pages using JQuery, AJAX, and JSON to parse on data on the frontend on the fly.  • Designed CSS based page layouts that are cross-browser compatible and standards-compliant.  • Implemented the design of web pages and provided user roles using JSP, JSTL, HTML, AJAX and DevelopedClinicalTrials and prescribing information modules using Ajax and JavaScript technologies like DOJO.  • Implemented chained select plug-in for JQuery with JSON processing and callback feature, chain multiple selects with ease.  • Applied industry best practices and standards when project requirements were lagging.  • Implemented different validation control on the web-pages using JavaScript.  • Involved in developing HTML and JavaScript for client-side presentation and, data validation on the client side with in the forms.  • Developed Page layouts, Navigation and presented designs and concepts to the clients and the management to review.  • Involved in developing XML, HTML, and JavaScript for client-side presentation and, data validation on the client side with in the forms.  • Worked with the QA team to fix the bugs, test the load, and performance checking.  • Responsible to track different versions of files using VSS.  • Worked on cross browser compatibility issues and fix the bugs pertaining to various browsers.    Environment: HTML, DHTML, CSS, AJAX, JavaScript, JQuery, XML, JSON, W3C, SVN, Dreamweaver, Microsoft FrontPage, Adobe Photoshop CS3 and Windows. Education Master's Skills Git, GRADLE, GUI, HTML, JAVASCRIPT, ANGULAR.JS, BOOTSTRAP, NODE.JS, JSON, PHP, PYTHON, SVN, XML, AJAX, CSS, DREAMWEAVER, WEB DESIGN, ECLIPSE, JAVA, jQuery