Senior React JS Developer Senior React JS <span class="hl">Developer</span> Senior React JS Developer - Co Bank Denver, CO • Extensive 7 years of working experience in Front- End UI Developer with solid understanding of database designing, development, JavaScript Libraries  • Experience in developing web pages using HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, SASS, JavaScript, React JS, Redux, Flex box, jQuery, JSON, Node. js, Ajax, Bootstrap.  • Experience in all phase of SDLC like Requirement Analysis, Implementation and Maintenance, and extensive experience with Agile and SCRUM.  • Extensive knowledge in developing single-page applications (SPAs).  • Experience working on Frameworks like Bootstrap, React. js, Node. js, and Media Queries.  • Extensively used a Variety of JavaScript frameworks and jQuery plugins from npm.  • Pleasant experience on customizing CSS frameworks like Bootstrap and Foundation using CSS pre-processors SASS.  • Good Expertise in analyzing the Document Object Model (DOM) Layout, DOM Functions, and Java Script functions, Cascading Styles across cross-browser using Developer Tool Bar.  • Experience in using React.js components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, plus Redux, Animations and Flux concept.  • Familiar with creating Custom Reusable React Components Library.  • Experience in developing SPA based on unidirectional flow application using React- Redux and NodeJS.  • Build applications using ReactJS with ES6 which allowed us to render pages on both the client and server.  • Build backend API with Node.js and Express.js along with Mongo DB database.  • Experience in working with third party web services APIs and Web Services using AJAX and jQuery  • Expertise in consuming Web services including different technologies and standards like Restful API calls on server side.  • Experience with Angular Directives, Dependency Injection, Services, Routing, Forms etc.  • Skilled in using angular service like Http to GET/POST integration with Node.js based backend.  • Experience in Node environment using Node.js, NPM.  • Expertise in using Redux-Promise in application to retrieve data from Back- End and to also perform RESTFUL services.  • Involved in writing application level code to interact with APIs, RESTful Web Services using AJAX, JSON.  • Proficient in developing web pages quickly and effectively using: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript.  • Extensively worked with Version control systems like GIT  • Expertise in using IDE tools such as Notepad ++, Atom, Eclipse, Sublime Text Editor, Visual Studio Code.  • Good Web Application debugging skills using Chrome Developers Tool and Firebug.  • Ability to work effectively while working as a team member as well as individually.  • Strong communication, collaboration & team building skills with proficiency in grasping new technical concepts quickly.  • Ability to learn and use new systems and paradigms in considerably less time.  • Expertise in MERN stack MongoDB, Express, React and Node js  • Excellent communication skills, leadership abilities, strong architectural skills, hardworking and a very good team player.  • On compatibility issues with different versions of browsers like Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, safari and Google Chrome.  • Used Responsive Web design so that the website is compatible with different devices like Desktops, Laptops, Tablets and Mobile phones also worked with CSS Box Model and Flex Box. Work Experience Senior React JS Developer Co Bank - Denver, CO May 2018 to Present Project Description: Co Bank is a national cooperative bank serving vital industries across rural America. The bank provides loans, leases, export financing and other financial services to agribusinesses and rural power, water and communications providers in all 50 states.  Key Contributions:  • Worked on an Agile (Scrum) Development Team to deliver regular updates to business team and project managers.  • Experience in full Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) that includes Analyzing, Designing, Coding, Testing, implementation & Production Support  • Designed the Web application layout and forms using HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript.  • Converted Angular 1.5 app to React.  • Involved in Design, Prototyping, Typography, usability and in collecting the wireframes required for designing the responsive web design pages.  • Involved in designing and developing the web pages using HTML 5, CSS3, JavaScript, Bootstrap, SASS, LESS, React JS, Redux, Flex, Node JS, Mongo DB.  • Responsible to Style, look and feel of the web page with SASS that extends CSS with dynamic behavior such as variable, mixins, operations and functions.  • Worked on CSS Background, CSS Positioning, CSS Text, CSS Border, CSS Margin, CSS Padding, CSS Table, Pseudo Classes, Pseudo Elements and CSS Behaviors in CSS.  • Experienced in React JS and working with React Redux architecture. Used React-Router to turn application into Single Page Application.  • Worked on React JS Virtual Dom and React views, rendering using components which contains additional components called custom HTML tags.  • Involved to implement various screens for the front end using React JS and used various predefined components from NPM (Node Package Manager) and Redux library.  • Followed front- end development best practices such as code to modules, unit testing, UI validations, peer reviews.  • Used ES6 and JSX with the React for component development  • Developed Reusable components with clean and thoroughly tested code with high performance and simplicity in mind.  • Reviewed and ensure the technical feasibility of UI/UX designs.  • Involved in building stable React components and stand-alone functions to be added to any future pages.  • Implemented React JS Controllers to maintain each view data.  • Implemented map State to Props, map Dispatch to Props for the interaction between Redux and React.  • Maintaining Parent and child components by using State and Props in React JS.  • Making HTTP calls to server node to send some user entered data to server.  • Getting existed data in the server, to add or delete data from the server.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, JavaScript, React JS, Redux, JSX, ES6, State and Props, jQuery, Jasmine, Agile, AJAX, Git, UI/UX designs, NPM ReactJS Developer KPMG - Dallas, TX August 2017 to May 2018 Project Description: KPMG is a global network of independent member firms offering audit, tax and advisory services. We lead with a commitment to quality and consistency across our global network, bringing a passion for client success and a purpose to serve and improve the communities in which member firms operate.  Key Contributions:  • Implemented various screens for the front end using ReactJS and used various predefined components from NPM.  • Worked on React JS framework to develop interactive websites based on client needs with Typescript  • Participation in maintaining existing code and refactoring the code, moving old parts of application to ReactJS.  • Worked in using React JS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, and Redux concepts  • Implements stable React components and stand-alone functions to be added to any future pages.  • Involved in developing interactive web applications using a dynamic scripting language  • Design Authentication form to check whether the user is an authorized person to use the system.  • Interact with Client to gather requirement. Analyze Requirement and develop functionality accordingly  Conceived and designed database collections in Mongo DB.  • Used React-Auto complete for creating google maps location search on the webpage.  • Created the help desk for user's queries to meet the bulk queries submitted by the users.  • Implemented React JS Controllers to maintain each view data.  • Used ES6 and JSX with the React for component development  • Implemented map State to Props, map Dispatch to Props for the interaction between Redux and React.  • Used CSS and Bootstrap to develop Rich UI Components such as Accordions and Modal Windows using pure HTML 5 And CSS3. Modified the source code according to the requirement.  • Worked on Cross-Browser compatibility and fixed the bugs for several browsers  • Developed presentation layer using HTML5, JavaScript, CSS3, AJAX etc.  • Responsible for creating admin automated tools which makes easy add, update, delete of content  • Worked on CSS Background, CSS positioning, CSS text, CSS border, CSS margin, CSS padding, CSS table, CSS floats, cross browser compatibility and CSS behaviors in CSS.  Environment: ReactJS, Redux, ES6, JSX, Bootstrap, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, MVC, HTML 5, CSS 3, MS Excel, Mongo DB, Linux, MS Word, Adobe Photoshop, Microsoft Visio, Agile. Frond End Developer/React JS Developer Deutsche Bank - Piscataway, NJ October 2015 to June 2017 Project Description: Deutsche Bank is Germany's leading bank, with a strong position in Europe and a significant presence in the Americas and Asia Pacific. We provide banking services to companies, governments, institutional investors, small and medium-sized business and private individuals.  Key Contributions:  • Involved in Requirements and Analysis, Understanding the requirements of the client and the flow of the application as well as the application Framework.  • Fluent in creating dynamic web pages using JavaScript, React. Js, Typescript, HTML, CSS, as well as charting libraries like High charts.  • Developed HTML views with HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap and React JS.  • Worked on react JS in order to provide a view for data render on the front end.  • Used React JS to update HTML document when data changes.  • Built different modules, controllers, templates, custom filters and directives in React JS.  • Built Single Page Applications (SPA), Responsive Web design, UI using HTML5 Grid Layouts, CSS3 Media queries where it's an expression and can be used to either True or false.  • Involved in writing application level code to interact with APIs, Web Services using AJAX, JSON  • Used CSS pre-processors (SASS)  • Created the Application using React JS and Node. JS libraries NPM directories to generate desired view and flux to root the URL's properly.  • Used Grunt to create UI builds and run UI tasks like compiling less files to generate a CSS file.  • Worked closely with other senior developers, Business Analysts, product managers, UX designer, and the QA team to deliver optimal designs and software to meet and exceed expectations following MVC architecture.  • Manipulated data using CRUD operations of MongoDB database management system and handled database access and data transmission based on Restful web service.  • Worked on cross browser compatibility issues and fix the bugs pertaining to various browsers like Safari, Opera, Firefox, Google Chrome and Internet Explorer.  • Actively involved in daily standup, wrap up and defect review meetings of Agile Methodology.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, TypeScript, React JS AJAX, jQuery, JSON, DOM, bootstrap, MVC, Visual Studio Code, Windows, Agile. Front End Developer Thomson Reuters Pvt. Ltd August 2013 to October 2015 Project Description: Thomson Reuters is one of the world's most trusted provider of answers, helping professionals make confident decisions and run better business. Our customers operate in complex arenas that move society forward - law, tax, compliance, government, and media - and face increasing complexity as regulations and technology disrupts every industry.  Key Contributions:  • Developed and Implemented complex internet and intranet application to multiple platforms.  • Web forms with code behind events that call methods in related controllers, Master Pages, JQuery/JavaScript Library maintenance with User defined controls  • Analyze requirements with team, write high level design documents, System use case, analyze risk factors.  • Participated development and deployment teams.  • Usage of jQuery plugins to implement some requirements which makes it easy to update the dynamically changing data.  • Usage of core JavaScript features to write a safe code  • Developed a core component of Analytics with Node.js.  • Using Adobe Photoshop to view the html design and get all required components to develop website.  • Getting additional information from Co-Portal (Thomson Reuters own portal)  • Uses Sublime text editor to develop websites with HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, SASS, jQuery, Bootstrap.  • Uses Publisher tool (like cascade) to publish the webpages after development complete.  • Maintain the websites if client request for new changes.  • Attend daily standup meetings, Estimation Meetings and Requirement Review Meeting to analyze requirements for project.  • Worked on cross browser compatibility issues and fix the bugs pertaining to various browsers like Safari, Opera, Firefox, Google Chrome and Internet Explorer.  • Extensively used Git for version controlling and regularly pushed the code to GitHub.  • Developed data formatted web applications and deploy the script using client-side scripting using JavaScript.  • Supported system development flow, communicated with developer about the UI development.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, SASS, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap, Co-portal, Publisher, Adobe Photoshop, Git, GitHub, Cross Browser. Web Developer GLS Systems Pvt Ltd June 2012 to July 2013 Project Description: GLS Systems offers a wide range of services including business process outsourcing, on-site technical consulting, offshore software development, and product lifecycle management. By combining the domain expertise with the low const offshore software development, our Offshore Delivery Model delivers enhanced productivity, a cost savings of up to 45%, and faster time to market.  Key Contributions:  • Developed the web applications HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript.  • Developed and implemented complex web applications to multiple platforms.  • Responsible for creating web-based applications using Node.js.  • Build SPA with modules, graphics and reusable components, forms using NodeJS.  • Created cross browser compatible and Responsive web pages using Bootstrap and CSS3.  • Implemented custom validation controls for various forms with help of JavaScript & jQuery validation plugins  • Co-operating with backend developer in the process of working with the RESTful API.  • Used MongoDB along with Mongoose as the node module for the database to store the data relevant to the transactions.  • Performed troubleshooting and analysis to assess root cause of applications and data issues.  • Used Postman and Robo3T tool to test web services.  • Extensively used Git Repository for version controlling and regularly pushed the code to GitHub.  • Usage of jQuery plugins to implement some requirements which makes it easy to update web pages.  • Created routing module and followed lazy loading patters for few application modules using Router.  • Making HTTP calls to server node to send some user entered data to server, or to get some existing data in the serer, to add or delete some data from/to the server.  • Maintain constant communication with other colleagues in the business to develop and deploy their content and ensure there is a clear establishment of what can be created within what timeframe.  Environment: HTML, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, Bootstrap, Nodejs, HTTP calls, Restful API, Git, GitHub, MongoDB, Mongoose. Education Master of Science in Computer Science Texas A&M University Skills Git, Html, Javascript, Bootstrap, Redux, Typescript, Json, Vs code, Scripting, Html5, Sass, Eclipse, jquery, Ajax, Css, Dreamweaver, Database, Mysql, Mongodb, Linux Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS    Web Language HTML, HTML5, CSS, CSS3, SASS (CSS Extension)  Scripting Language JavaScript, Typescript, jQuery, JSON, AJAX  Framework Bootstrap 3+, Angular JS, Angular 2, Angular 4, Node JS, React JS, Redux  Database MySQL, MongoDB, GraphQL  Methodologies Agile, Scrum  Editor Tool Sublime Text 3, VS Code, Notepad++, Eclipse  Front End Tools Adobe Photoshop, Dreamweaver  Version Controls Git, GitHub, GitLab  Debugging Tools Jasmine  Operating System MacOS, Linux, Windows Vista/ 7/8