IT Support Technician IT Support Technician IT Support Technician - Sports Warehouse. Inc Atascadero, CA Work Experience IT Support Technician Sports Warehouse. Inc March 2015 to Present SLO, CA    * Responsible for Solarwinds Web Help Desk server and upgrades/deployments/ticketing setup, client setup, hardware tracking and asset synchronization. Performed duties in regard to ticket requests and user needs.  * Developer of core Intranet using Drupal and Open Atrium for training, documentation, and directories. Some  SQL database administration included.  * System Administrator for Windows 2012 R2 server and Intuit Quickbooks files and workbooks, all core  company accounting files.  * Ran core Retrospect server for all client backups across all companies and rotates data sets in coordination with schedules and data limits.  * Responsible for all documentation of troubleshooting for all enterprise software, client software, and client  workflows.  * Provides software and hardware support for over 300 iMacs and Windows machines in addition to workstation  deployments and data recovery. Front End Web Developer Sports Warehouse. Inc August 2013 to March 2015 SLO, CA    * Wrote and implemented core web design for desktop and mobile layouts using HTML, CSS, Javascript, JQuery, PHP, JSON, XML, and proprietary scripting language.  * Coordinated and managed all Google Adwords feeds and Bing marketing feeds with Marketing team.  * Conducted weekly and monthly meetings for web best practices to educate teams and implement web standards  and security goals.  * Optimized back end proprietary code with owner and team for point of sale system and various ecommerce  platforms. Education A.A. in Computer Information Systems Santa Barbara City College - Santa Barbara, CA July 2016 Skills TRAINING, DOCUMENTATION, Desktop Support, Service Desk, Active Directory, MAC, Tech Support, Help Desk, Tech Support, Help Desk Additional Information SKILLS & INTERESTS  * Skills: Documentation planning; strategic partnerships; troubleshooting modeling & managed service  partnerships, accountability with regards to customer/client training; server management.