Front End Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End Developer - Bayer Creve Coeur, MO • Over 6 years of experience in developing User Interface(UI) applications and professional web applications using HTML4/5, CSS2/3, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, JSON and XML.  • Extensive knowledge in developing applications in a single page (SPAs) using various JavaScript frameworks like AngularJs, ReactJs, BackboneJs, HandlebarJs, RequireJs.  • Having experience in Angular 1.x , Angular 2 /7 Javascript framework.  • Experience in working with charting frameworks like Chart Js, D3 Js and Kendo UI.  • Experience in creating responsive web pages using Bootstrap.  • Experience in applying the latest software development approaches including MVC, event driven applications using AJAX, Object Oriented (OO) JavaScript, JSON and XML.  • Responsible for checking cross browser compatibility and hence worked on different browsers like Safari, Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox and Google Chrome.  • Experience on working with CSS Backgrounds, CSS Layouts, CSS Positioning, CSS Animations, CSS Text, CSS Borders, CSS Margin, CSS Padding, CSS Table, and Pseudo Classes.  • Proficiency with IA/UX and web usability best practices.  • Experience in working in a fast paced environment.  • Experience on CSS Preprocessors like LESS and SASS.  • Experience in working with Node JS, Bower, Grunt JS , Yeomen for developing single page applications.  • Proven track record in demonstrating innovative and unique designing skills, computer proficiency, ability to work in a stressful environment with projects and interaction with every team member.  • Adaptive to team environment and also has the capability of completing complex tasks independently.  • Passionate to learn and adapt quickly to the emerging new technologies  • Experience in using source code change management tools like GitHub, SVN, Source Tree and TFS.  • Experience in version control using GIT.  • Good Experience with bug tracking tools like Bugzilla and Jira.  • Knowledge in using Package Managers like NPM and Bower. Experience in using Task managers like Grunt, Gulp.  • Very good exposure on cross browser compatibility issues.  • Good experience in debugging JavaScript and html code with Firefox Firebug and Google chrome Developer tools.  • Experience with Test Driven Development using Karma/Jasmine the Test Runners for Unit Testing.  • Good understanding and implementation of Word Wide Web Consortium (W3C) standards. Work Experience Front End Developer Bayer - Creve Coeur, MO April 2017 to Present Description: Bayer is a German multinational pharmaceutical and life sciences company and one of the largest pharmaceutical companies in the world. Iam part of various projects like Sales Order Streaming Dashboard ,File uploading to S3 bucket and Centre of Excellence Dashboard.    Responsibilities:  • Involved in building single page web application using Angular 2/7 javascript framework.  • Designed and developed the application using Angular 2/7 framework along with HTML 5, CSS3,Type Script, Java Script, Bootstrap, Node js, NPM.  • Worked extensively with Angular CLI for creating components, Services, Pipes, Directives.  • Experience in using Chrome Developer Tools and Firebug for debugging and troubleshooting the code.  • Experience with responsive web design by using CSS3 media queries and front end frameworks such as Bootstrap.  • Using AngularJS 2.0 created custom directives for re-usable components.  • Implemented JavaScript Server Side Events to show live updates on the front end.  • Experience in Node Package Manager (NPM) to use its packages in the application.  • Used d3 js framework to implement charts to visualize the data.  • Used leaflet js to built interactive maps and integrated with web applications.  • Experience in consuming RESTFUL services using $http and manipulating JSON response.  • Extensively used SASS (Syntactically awesome style sheets) while styling with CSS3.  • Used JIRA as the bug tracking system to track and maintain the history of bugs/issues on everyday basis.  • Experience in working with source control tools like Github.  • Experience in deploying web applications to Cloud Foundry.    Environment:HTML5, CSS3, AJAX, JavaScript, jQuery, D3 js, Bootstrap, Angular 2/7,TypeScript, Leaflet JS, Node Js, Agile methodology, IntelliJ, Git hub, Cloud Foundry. UI Developer Walt Disney, Fl June 2016 to March 2017 Description: The Walt Disney World Resort is an entertainment complex located in Lake Buena Vista, Florida. The resort is owned and operated by Walt Disney Parks and Resorts, a division of The Walt Disney Company. I am part of DLR Cast Application which is used by the cast members in the park. This application can scan the tickets and pull up the tickets reservation information of the guests.    Responsibilities:  • Involved in developing the single page web application using Angular 1/2 Js and typescript.  • Worked with various tools like Grunt Js, Node Js, bower and yeomen for configuring single page application.  • Involved in developing the UI pages using HTML 5, CSS 3, JavaScript, Angular JS and React JS.  • Extensive experience with Angular JS for creating Single-Page Applications(SPA) using concepts like Dependency Injection, Promises, Services, Scope, Controllers and Directives.  • Having experience in consuming the Restful web APIs using $http  • Created Angular JS Controllers which isolate scopes perform operations in UI.  • Created custom directives for the application in order to reuse the directives in various features  • Used various Angular JS modules like angular-ui-tree, textAngular and angular drag drop to implement various new features.  • Built AngularJS 2.0 components, UI services to consume rest services using Component based architecture provided by angular 2.  • Used karma test runner and Jasmine for javascript unit testing.  • Built responsive web pages using Bootstrap and also used various bootstrap components like nav bar, alerts, progress bar, modals and carousel.  • Having experience in developing applications using React Js.  • Built applications using React Js with ES6 which allowed us to render pages on both the client and server using the same codebase.  • Maintaining Parent and child elements by using State and Props In React Js  • Implemented client side Interface using React JS.  • Worked extensively on Responsive Web Design approach to make the look and feel of application same on all the devices (Laptop, Ipad.)    Environment:HTML5, CSS3, AJAX, JavaScript, jQuery, React JS, Bootstrap, Angular 1.x, Angular 2, Grunt Js, TypeScript, ES6, Node Js, Bower, Yeomen, Agile methodology, Sublime, git bash, git hub, source tree. UI Developer Subaru of America January 2016 to May 2016 Description: Subaru of America, Inc. (SOA) is the U.S. Sales and Marketing subsidiary of Fuji Heavy Industries (FHI) of Japan and is responsible for the distribution, marketing, sales and service of Subaru vehicles in the United States. Iam part of the new subarunet look and feel project which is used by the dealers throughout us and canada.    Responsibilities:  • Responsible for developing the UI pages using Angular Js, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Bootstrap and jQuery.  • Extensively used Angular js $http for retrieving data from the RESTFUL API services.  • Used Angular ng-grid, ng-repeat for showing Tabular Database.  • Used Angular predefined directives and developed various Custom directives in changing the date formats, error checking, Tables.  • Expertise in debugging and troubleshooting existing code using Developer Tools.  • Involved in fixing Front- End issues with the layouts.  • Having experience in working with d3 Js in consuming the charts and graphs.  • Used Node Js for Node Package Manager (NPM) and Grunt plugin for building the Projects.  • Done unit testing with Karma/Jasmine as a Test Runner.  • Validating user actions on the client side and providing responsive feedback.  • Built and managed overall development process according to the Agile Scrum methodology.    Environment:HTML5, CSS3, AJAX, JavaScript, d3 Js, jQuery, React Js, Bootstrap, Angular Js Grunt Js, Node Js, Bower, Yeomen, Agile methodology, Sublime, SVN. UI Developer Quicken Loans, MI June 2015 to January 2016 Description: Quicken Loans is the second largest overall retail lender in the U.S and it is the no. one I.T place to work in U.S by Computer World.I was involved in the Drive 2.0 project where it is used to set communication between team leader and team members. It is also used by team members to set goals for them and team leaders uses Drive 2.0 to give feedback to the team members.  Responsibilities:  • Worked with engineering and design team members to translate visual designs to production ready screens in (HTML/CSS/JS), using consumer facing web application (cross browser, multi device access and responsive layouts).  • Using AngularJS created custom directives for data manipulations and to display data in company standard format in UI.  • Defined new validations through Angular Js for the form field validation implemented through HTML5  • Applied Angular UI Router to create nested views in the Single Page Application and for creating fluid and responsive web application.  • Translated business requirements into a user-friendly, functional and extremely scalable UI across Multiple Platforms.  • Used Bootstrap, Angular Js, Node Js for developing modules on front- end.  • Implemented RWD in the application to make it compatible for tablets and Desktop of different screen sizes.  • Used NPM and Bower for dependency management.  • Managed the version control for the deliverables by streamlining and re-basing the development streams of the SVN and GIT.  • Developed code to call the web service/APIs to fetch the data and populate on the UI using jQuery/AJAX.  • Used Chart Js to implement the graph for the Annual Performance ratings.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, AJAX, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap, Chart Js, AngularJS, Jasmine Testing Framework, Agile methodology, Visual Studio. UI Developer Independence Blue Cross January 2014 to May 2015 Description: Independence Blue cross is the leading insurance company in southeastern Pennsylvania. I was involved in a project to develop the web site for Scheduling Nurses to collect information from the providers and also involved in implementing Data Entry module where Nurses can enter the information for the members with different indicators.    Responsibilities:  • Designed dynamic and multi-browser compatible pages using HTML, CSS, JQuery, JavaScript, AngularJS, Require Js and Kendo UI.  • Used jQuery and AJAX for service calls on pages to interact with the server for information.  • Using Angular Js created custom directives for data manipulations and to display data in company standard format in UI.  • Used Angular JS for making restful API calls and data binding.  • Wrote several angular components using controllers, services, directives and filters.  • Developed page layouts, navigation and presented designs and concepts to the clients and the management to review.  • Worked on CSS to design the navigation, gradient background and used other style properties to enhance the look of the web page.  • Used Java script API to implement Google Maps within the site.  • Used Bootstrap Navbar to create the responsive menu for the site.  • Worked on Cross-Browser compatibility and fixed the bugs for several browsers.  • Involved with bug fixing on functionality, performance and designing issues with JavaScript and JQuery    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, AngularJs, Require js, Kendo UI , Google Maps and Bootstrap. Web Developer Citius Tech - Princeton, NJ May 2013 to December 2013 Description: Citius Tech plays a key role in enabling healthcare technology partners, large hospitals/IDNs, payers, and life sciences companies accelerate innovation in their business - across care delivery models and workflows, and leverage new technologies to enhance patient care and engagement.  Responsibilities:  • Web design and development, application development using Photoshop, HTML, JavaScript and Dreamweaver.  • Designed dynamic and multi-browser compatible pages using HTML, CSS, jQuery and JavaScript.  • Responsible for ensuring the pattern consistency across all pages.  • Responsible for design and development of the web pages from mock- ups.  • Responsible for creating the screens with table-less designs meeting W3C standards  • Wrote application level code to interact with the backend databases JQUERY AJAX and JSON.  • Applied J-Query scripts for basic animation and end user screen customization purposes.  • Used AJAX and JSON to make asynchronous calls to the project server to fetch data on the fly.  • Developed the User Interface using HTML 5, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery and AJAX.  • Involved with bug fixing on functionality, performance and designing issues with JavaScript and JQuery.    Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, AJAX, Bootstrap, Photoshop. Education Masters in Information in technology University of Central Missouri 2013 Bachelors in computer science Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University 2010 Skills Visual studio, Javascript, Bootstrap, Reactjs, Typescript, Json, Svn, Xml, Html5, Mvc, Ajax, Eclipse, jquery, Jira, Ui, Frameworks, Testing tools, Charting, Debug, Angular, CSS3, Front-End Additional Information Technical Proficiency:    Web Technologies  HTML5, CSS3 , JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, XHTML, XML, JSON, Bootstrap, MVC Design, Typescript,ES6,Bower, git bash,Yeomen,Cloud Foundry    JS Frameworks Angular1.x,Angular2/7,ReactJs,BackboneJs,HandlebarJs,RequireJs,Node Js,Grunt Js,Gulp Js  charting Frameworks Chart Js, D3 Js, Kendo UI  Testing Tools Karma , Jasmine  IDE & Editors Notepad++, Sublime, Visual Studio code, Eclipse.  Source Controls GitHub, SVN, Source Tree  Debug Tools Jira, Firebug, Chrome Developers Tool