Software Engineer Software Engineer Software Engineer - SketchyMedical Dallas-Fort Worth, TX Work Experience Software Engineer SketchyMedical May 2017 to May 2019 • Built and launched two digital products designed to supplement medical and nursing students’ conventional education.    • Rewrote AngularJs app to modern Angular app.  • Designed and implemented client side session management system and authentication flow.  • Translated static design contents into a mobile responsive web app using HTML5, CSS3, Sass, Bootstrap, Flexbox, Uikit, Angular and TypeScript.    • Collaborated with content, design, and marketing teams to develop new products from conception through launch and maintenance.  • Worked in close collaboration with the content director and founder.    • Practiced agile product development methodologies (Scrum,  • Kanban) and project management tools (JIRA, Confluence, Trello).  Front End React Developer OPEN SOURCE PROJECT March 2017 to June 2017 • Built a web app that helps users find local food pantries and places to buy healthy food in Los Angeles.  • Updated a slow old website to a modern web app.  • Focused on front- end development using ReactJS and Redux. Front End Developer IN Education, Inc September 2016 to March 2017 • Volunteer UI Front End developer focusing on translating static design content into responsive template using HTML5, CSS3, JQuery, Bootstrap, and Javascript.  • Accelerated front end work flow and finished the project on time.  • Received Certificate of Excellence award, 4th Quarter of 2016. Staff Associate - Laboratory of Personalized Genomic Medicine Columbia University Medical Center - New York, NY June 2013 to June 2016 • Managed the delegation of tasks and responsibilities to ensure a smooth company merge  • Performed Illumina Next-generation sequencing data analysis using Bioinformatics software NextGene to accurately diagnose the patient illnesses.  • Used advanced Excel programming to reduce paperwork prep time for various clinical assays by 50%.    PERSONAL PROJECTS  US License plate game Sole- developer and Maintainer Github App Store  • Developed a React Native mobile cross-country road trip iOS app.  • Integrated Firebase Authentication and realtime database, and managed application state using Redux.    Regular-guys Co- developer Github Presentation RegexRace.com  • Worked on team of 4 to build web app to help programmers learn regular expressions.  • Developed routes and models for the back- end using Express and NodeJs, and Angular factories, controllers, and states for front- end. Education Master of Science in Biochemistry Cornell University Graduate School of Medical Science - New York, NY 2013 Bachelor of Science in Biology Stony Brook University - Stony Brook, NY 2008 to 2010 certification Fullstack Academy - New York, NY Skills JAVASCRIPT (2 years), HTML5 (2 years), jQuery (2 years), AJAX (2 years), AngularJS (2 years), CSS3 (2 years), HTML 5 (2 years), ReactJS (2 years), Redux (2 years), Sass (2 years) Links http://github.com/sjaymoon15 http://linkedin.com/in/sjaymoon15 https://appadvice.com/app/us-license-plate-game/1209614131 Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  • Proficient: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript (ES6), NodeJS, Express, ReactJS, React Native, Redux, jQuery, Git, AJAX, AngularJs  • Knowledgeable: PostgreSQL, MongoDB, Firebase