Sr. Android Developer Sr. Android <span class="hl">Developer</span> Sr. Android Developer - BNSF Railway Co Fort Worth, TX ? Over 8+ years of IT experience in design, development, implementation and testing of enterprise applications with includes over 5 years of experience developing Android applications with Android SDK using Eclipse IDE and Android studio.  ? Developed, architected multipleAndroid applications across versions from AndroidFroyo (2.2) to Android Nougat (7.0)  ? Extensively worked on almost every stage of application development right from collecting requirements, providing guidelines for design, creating application architecture, implementation that includes various stages in development, QA, code signing and releasing to market.  ? Expertise experience in app components such as Activities, Services, Broadcast Receivers, Content Provider, Fragments, Intent, Notifications, Binder Service, Async Task, Preferences, Permissions, Bundle, App bar etc.  ? Experience with various Android UI components such as List Views, Spinners, Text View, Buttons, Checkboxes, Dialogs and Action bar.  ? Focused on background processing with Async Tasks, Services, Intent Services, IPC, Multi-threading and AIDL  ? Experience working with Material Design for Android.  ? Experience in developing multithreaded application and Async calls based on network.  ? Working experience with implementing RESTful web services to fetch and parse data using different parsing techniques.  ? Designed & developed responsive web pages with new trends using most recent User Interface (UI) patterns to be used by browsers at desktop, tablets or phones; designed GUI & interfaces with services for mobile applications.  ? Proficient in database development and implementation of SQLite and MySQL and other data storing options such as offline/internal storage and Shared Preferences.  ? Experience in working with different version controls (CVS, GIT, and SVN) and bug tracking tools.  ? Experience implementing cloud services in Amazon Web Services (AWS), Microsoft Azure and Google cloud platform.  ? Knowledge of 3rd party libraries like Picasso, Retrofit, Moshi, Otto, Butterknife etc.  ? Knowledge of integrating public API's such as Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Google in app.  ? Knowledge of integrating Analytics libraries such as Localytics, Google Analytics etc.  ? Strong knowledge of data structures, advance algorithms and design patterns.  ? Knowledge of Mobile Security concepts such as OpenSSL, encrypted file systems, User-Granted permissions to restrict access.  ? Knowledge of Video/Audio streaming in app from URL and experience working with Bluetooth, Location services, Camera, Notifications and Maps.  ? Proficiency in app debugging, testing and experience in writing Unit tests.  ? Excellent in troubleshooting and debugging software applications, creating, executing and documenting test cases for Android app.  ? Experience in working under software development methodologies such as Waterfall and Agile.  ? Good understanding in Testing Mobile applications and bug tracking for the production team fixing using unit testing frameworks like J-unit and TestNG.  ? Experience in Deploying the App on the Google Play Store.  ? Experience working with a team with minimal supervision and multi-task when work under pressure. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr. Android Developer BNSF Railway Co - Fort Worth, TX September 2017 to Present Responsibilities:  ? Actively participated in all the phases of SDLC like design, development, testing.  ? Worked closely with the testing team using Junit.  ? Worked on Android Framework APIs such as Google Maps, Camera, Resource Manager, Fragments, Location Manager, Notification Manager, Content Providers, Contact Manager, Telephony API and REST APIs.  ? Implemented the payment gateway integration to process the payments for purchasing the merchandise.  ? Worked on Android Integration framework tools like Espresso and Gradle.  ? Worked on push notifications using GCM, Broadcast Receiver.  ? Embedded Google Maps API, GPS Location Data into app with zooming controls.  ? Responsible for the Saved data in the SQLite database.  ? Modified Android manifest XML file to include all use permissions such as GPS, SMS READ /SEND / RECEIVE.  ? Integrated the application with analytics to log User Sessions and Touch Gestures.  ? Understanding system requirements, test case planning and execution, Functional testing, Integration  Testing, Track issue records and reporting by using bug tracking tool.  ? Worked on Continuous Integration and code version using GIT.  ? Debugged application using ADB, Trace View, DDMS and Log Cat.  ? Worked with JSON library to parse JSON files.  ? Collaborated with web services team to implement the backend support.  ? Implemented GPS Integration and MAP Kit in the application to get the user's location and display the store  ? Integrated the Payment Gateway in the app for processing Credit Card Payments for mail orders.  ? Performed Unit testing on the various modules/functions to ensure that the output is as expected.  ? Participated in Agile/Scrum Methodology, with releases every 2 weeks.  ? Used Restful Web Services for transferring and retrieving data from different applications.    Environment: Android SDK 4.4, Eclipse 3.6, ADT Plug-in, Android Studio, SQLite, XML, Java, Google-Map kit, Subversion, Junit, GSON. Sr. Android Developer West Corporation - Omaha, NE April 2016 to August 2017 Responsibilities:  ? Involved in complete Software Development Life Cycle SDLC for a successful delivery of the projects.  ? Implemented JSON parsing for data interchange between the web services and the Mobile application.  ? Responsible for providing a rich UI design to the Android Native Mobile applications.  ? Developed business logic of the application and experience with SQLite local data storage.  ? Used RESTful Web Services to fetch data asynchronously and render an appropriate view.  ? Developed JUnit Test Cases  ? Worked on adapters and widgets, such as List Adapter with Progress, an Image Loader which can load images from the web asynchronously.  ? Debugging using ADB/ Trace View/DDMS/Log Cat.  ? Developed the UI screens using Android SDK  ? Worked on wide use of application framework like content providers, content resolver, Async Task, Alert Dialog.  ? Worked with Android UI components such as Layouts, Menus and Action Bars.  ? Handled time constraints issues, exception and error handling for the app.  ? Developed the SQLite database to store and display data when application would be offline.  ? Created a smooth view flow for navigation between different UIs.  ? Created test cases and test data for testing the application using Junit Extensions.  ? Worked with the UI team to design the appropriate icon and display for the screens.  ? Experience in XML parsing on client side using JSON.  ? Implemented Restful web services using Retrofit and Implemented the GSON parser library to read and write JSON data.  ? Fixed the bugs identified by the QA testing team.  ? Tested applications on multiple devices to insure compatibility standards  ? Used fragments to build small re-usable pieces that are easier to manage and allow for a more fluid visual design and can adapt to tablet and phone resolutions.  ? Used shared preferences to store and retrieve persistent key value pairs across user sessions.  ? Developed CRUD functionality to support persistent data store in onboard SQLite database.  ? Work extensively on memory management, push notifications, multiple screen support, data offline usage, content providers and sync on Android.    Environment: Android Studio 2.3, JAVA, XML, GSON 2.3.1, GitHub, SQLite, Fragments, Logcat, REST web services, Multi-threading, JIRA, CVS, AJAX Android Developer Barclays - Wilmington, DE April 2014 to April 2016 Responsibilities:  ? Writing non-blocking code, and resorting to advanced techniques such as multi-threading, when needed using Node.js, using some JavaScript concepts.  ? Creating custom, general use modules and components which extend the elements and modules of core  Angular JS.  ? Used factory, services, and providers for keeping data in the application.  ? Created custom directives and made restrictions for the directives created.  ? Implemented Angular Service calls using Angular Factory and used Media Queries for the design to be compatible in all devices.  ? Created e2e test suites for all components and run them on protractor.  ? Involved in user meetings to gather the requirements of the application and worked on application designing, testing, deployment and maintenance.  ? Implemented zip code functionality using Location Manager API.  ? Redesigned the cart checkout process with enhancements such as the accordion-style interface that acts as guide to complete user purchase.  ? Implemented widget plugin project using Search API, Content Providers, and Database API.  ? Developed business logic along with connecting the application to the server with REST web services.  ? Used Async task to invoke web services and servlet calls in the background thread.  ? Implemented Location based service using Google Maps API that enables to search the nearest store located  ? Python is used as an interface between the application and the client.  ? Used ProGaurd to remove unused code and resources in the release build.  ? Worked on Agile methodologies for rapidly deliver high-quality features of the application.    Environment: Android 5.0, Android SDK, Java, Eclipse, ProGaurd, Google Maps API, Android Emulator, NDK, SQLite, Linux/UNIX, XML. Android Developer Discover Financial Services - Riverwoods, IL September 2013 to April 2014 Responsibilities:  ? Designed and developed mobile health application for Android mobile devices with extensive user interface development. Responsible for design of user interface using various custom layouts, buttons, dialog boxes, alert boxes and Edit Text.  ? Involved in prototyping, analysis, specification, design, and implementation phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC).  ? Utilized View Pager, fragments, custom views and List Views for clean and intuitive UI.  ? Included drawer layout for ease of navigation throughout the application.  ? Embedded user login functionality with client server and Facebook login API.  ? Involved in full life cycle of the application including wireframe design, server development and client development.  ? Designed and developed the user interfaces, Designed Dynamic UI with Fragments using Google Material design  ? Working on the video streaming by using UDP protocol which can be viewed on Android tablet  ? Used Android to realize camera/video application, familiar with SOAP/RESTful web service and http connections, liking JSON, Http connection, Http Client.  ? REST web service interaction utilizing OAUTH authentication and retrieved JSON response.  ? Used Android SDK, Eclipse IDE, Dalvik Debug Monitor Server, Android NDK, Android Virtual Device, and Android Debug Bridge for development and debugging tool.  ? Using Sencha touch for development to find relevant people for the same social Networking Websites.  ? Implemented Camera API to scan the bar code of the product.  ? Worked with video players: NexPlayer, VisualOn, Widevine, ExoPlayer and responsible for integrating and testing video streaming and DRM content.  ? Implemented Bluetooth logic to interact with portable device and mobile phone.  ? Design screens using MVC pattern for the application with Android Studio IDE.  ? Used SCRUM-Agile software development method for managing application developments.  ? Testing application on various Android devices. Created interface for Android native and hybrid implementation.  ? Performed testing on Physical device and the android emulator.  ? Participated in the analysis and documentation of customer's requirements.    Environment: Android SDK2.3, Android studio Activity, Fragment, Service, SQLite3, Multi-threading, POST, JSON, Bluetooth, GIT, etc. Web UI Developer HDFC Ltd - Hyderabad, Telangana September 2012 to August 2013 Responsibilities:  ? Responsible for creating efficient design and developing User Interaction screens using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery AJAX and JSON.  ? Used JavaScript, jQuery for user interactions in pages; Worked on creating responsive website for smart devices using responsive design and media queries.  ? Used jQuery, Ajaxfor service calls on pages to interact with the server for information. Rapid prototyping of design concepts.  ? Involved in writing application level code to interact with APIs, Web Services using AJAX, JSON and XML.  ? Utilized various JavaScript and jQuery libraries, AJAX for form validation and other interactive features.  ? Involved in designing and developing the JSON, XML Objects with MySQL.  ? Used Ajax, JSON to send request to the server to check the functionality of the websites. Testing the website on multiple browsers with their old as well as latest release.  ? Used JSON for storing and exchanging information between browsers and servers.  ? Using complex Object Oriented concepts in improving the performance of the websites.  ? Worked closely with SQA team in fixing the reported bugs/defects and checking cross platform compatibility.  ? Created forms to collect and validate data from the user in HTML and JavaScript. Active participation throughout the entire software development lifecycle from project inception, to code development and elaborate testing of the various modules.  ? Used agile methodology for the software development. Developed SQL queries to perform insert, update or delete operation on MySQLdatabase.  ? Responsible for authoring of website functionality with JavaScript, HTML, CSS.  ? Used CSS Sprites to decrease the number of HTTP requests and load time of web pages.  ? Been an active team player, helped in fixing bugs and also carried out troubleshooting.  ? Produced semantically appropriate, standards compliant markup, and produced Rich User Interfaces.  ? Used all the advanced Photoshop features to create appealing visual web interfaces.    Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, XML, Eclipse, UNIX, AJAX, Adobe Creative suite, JSON, MySQL and SVN. Front End Developer DigiStack - Hyderabad, Telangana August 2009 to September 2011 Responsibilities:  ? Worked closely with Business Analysts and Product team in understanding the technical requirements of each project and prepared the use cases for different functionalities and designs.  ? Worked closely with Photoshop designers to implement mock-ups and the layouts of the application using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.  ? Involved in writing application level code to interact with APIs, Web Services using AJAX, JSON, XML, and jQuery.  ? Created Cross-Browser compatible and standards-compliant CSS-base page layouts.  ? Migrated content from existing website to a new, database driven website, utilized in house Content Management System.  ? Designed table-less layouts using CSS and appropriate HTML tags as per W3C standards.  ? Created optimized graphic websites and application interfaces using HTML and CSS.  ? Implemented various Validation Controls for form validation and implemented custom validation controls with JavaScript validation controls.  ? Adopted a cross browser and cross platform approach to make the website's most versatile and supportive.  ? Responsible for preparing technical documents and reports.  ? Responsible for Production Release and support.  ? Worked with QA team on the daily basis in fixing the reported bugs/defects and checking cross- platform compatibility.    Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript/AJAX, XML, JSON, JQuery, Photoshop, Linux. Education Bachelor of Technology in Electrical and Electronics Engineering Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University - Hyderabad, Telangana Skills XML (7 years), DATABASE (6 years), JSON (5 years), JAVASCRIPT (5 years), ANDROID (4 years), Android SDK 4.4, Eclipse 3.6, ADT Plug-in, Android Studio, SQLite, XML, Java, Google-Map kit, Subversion, Junit, GSON. (8 years) Additional Information Technical Skills    Web Technologies HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap, JSP, Servlets, NodeJS, REST, SOAP, Apache Tomcat, AJAX, JSON,  Tools Eclipse, Android studio, Junit, Dreamweaver, Atom, Sublime text, VMware, Visual Studio, Webstorm, Postman, Astah, Tableau  Source Control Git, SVN, CVS GitHub, Source Tree, BitBucket  Wire Frame Tools Adobe (Photoshop CS5, Illustrator CS3, Flash, After Effects), Google Ad  Database SQLite, MySQL, Oracle, SQL Server, PL/SQL, MongoDB    Operating Systems Android, Windows XP/7/8/10, Mac OS X (Yosemite, El Capitan, Sierra), Linux, Unix  Programming Languages Java, C, C++, R, JavaScript, XML