Sr. Front End Developer Sr. <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Sr. Front End Developer - Microsoft Redmond, WA • Having 6+ years of experience in Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) in developing and designing user experiences of Internet/Intranet applications using HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, XTHML, XML, JAVASCRIPT, jQuery, JSON, JSTL, AJAX and Angular with different domains like Financial, E-Commerce, Banking.  • Expert in creating Templates, Mockups and Prototypes, Web Interfaces, Layouts and Flow of future pages.  • Good knowledge in Twitter Bootstrap and Responsive Design.  • Excellent working knowledge and thorough exposure on compatibility issues with different versions of browsers like Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Safari and Google Chrome.  • Developed the administrative UI and Single page Application (SPA) using Angular JS.  • Experience in using the JavaScript frameworks jQuery, Angular.js, Backbone.js, node.js & Twitter Bootstrap.  • Good understanding of Document Object Model (DOM) and DOM functions.  • Expertise in client side designing and validations using HTML, HTML5 and JavaScript.  • Skilled at analyzing and solving browser compatibility challenges and possesses ability to maintain consistency and well commented HTML and CSS markup.  • Expertized in Object Oriented JavaScript concepts and Angular JS Architecture.  • Experience on working with CSS background, Layouts, Positioning, Text, Border, Padding, Pseudo Classes, Elements and CSS behaviors in CSS.  • Expertized in using bug tracking tools like JIRA, Rally and Quality Center.  • Extensively used version controls like SVN, GIT, TFS and Bit bucket.  • Experience working extensively on both UNIX based and Windows Environments.  • Excellent oral and written communication and interpersonal skills.  • Involves in understanding functional specifications and developing creative solutions to meet business requirements.  • Ability to learn and adapt quickly to the emerging new technologies. Work Experience Sr. Front End Developer Microsoft - Redmond, WA January 2019 to Present Responsibilities:  • Created TypeScript reusable components and services to consume REST API's using Component based architecture provided by AngularJS  • Exposure to architectural/design patterns of an enterprise level web application with good understanding about web standards and concepts  • Expertise in building single page applications with AngularJS and Node.js.  • Experience with Web application development with strong JavaScript framework experience  • Participate in Development and coordination with Client on need basis.  • Communicate issues or clarifications and status update to the project manager  • Worked on Angular 5 by consuming RestFul web services & Used Angular 5 forms like Template Driven forms and Modern Driven (Reactive) forms to perform form validations both on server and client side.  • Implemented HTTP requests using RxJS Library to handle multiple values over time.  • Enhanced legacy application by building new components in Angular 5 and TypeScript with REST wrapper around the existing backend dotnet services as well as various enterprise web services integration.  • Collaborate with Product Owners, Designers, and other developers on different permutations to find the best solution possible.  • Created TypeScript reusable components and services to consume REST API's using Component based architecture provided by Angular 5.  • Created Angular 5 components, implemented interpolation, input variables, Bootstrapping, NgFor, NgIf, binding to the hidden property.  • Involved in making the application Responsive using Bootstrap.  • Written unit test cases using jasmine and karma.  • Resolves technical issues through debugging, research, and investigation  • Problem solver and customer-centered    Environment: HTML, HTML5, CSS3, Ajax, JSON, JavaScript, TypeScript, Angular 5, Bootstrap, less CSS, SASS, Jasmine, Karma, grunt, gulp, GIT, JIRA. Sr. Front End Developer United Airlines - Houston, TX January 2017 to November 2018 Responsibilities:  • Designed and developed web pages with HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript, TypeScript, Ajax and Angular4.  • Implementation of a responsive UI which will scale itself depending on the device, platform and browser using Angular 4, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap.  • Experience in dealing with CSS with Media Queries and Bootstrap to create a responsive website across different size of screens, set breakpoints for smartphone's, tablet and desktops.  • Responsible to Style, look and feel of the web page with SASS that extends CSS with dynamic behavior such as variable, mixing, operations and functions.  • Involved in developing HTML and JavaScript for client-side presentation and data validation on the client side.  • Created and published assets using Schwab's Proprietary CMS which are being called in UI.  • Created page templates and tables in CMS to integrate front end code in CMS.  • Created TypeScript reusable components and services to consume REST API's using Component based architecture provided by Angular 4.  • Created Angular 4 components, implemented interpolation, input variables, Bootstrapping, NgFor, NgIf, binding to the hidden property.    Environment: HTML, HTML5, CSS3, Ajax, JSON, JavaScript, TypeScript, Angular4, Node.js, Bootstrap, less CSS, SASS, grunt, gulp, GIT, JIRA. UI developer Bed Bath & Beyond - Austin, TX July 2015 to December 2016 Responsibilities:  • Mainly Involved in Developing and designing Web Pages which are more User interactive by using JavaScript, Ajax, JSON, Angular 1.6  • Wrote application level code to interact with the backend databases Ajax and JSON.  • Used Angulars 1.6 as the development framework to build a single-page application.  • Tested all application controllers extensively with mocha/chai and angular's built-in testing facilities.  • Created custom directives for re-usable components (multi-field form elements, background file uploads, etc.).  • Leveraged angular 1.6 resources for all data access, encapsulating URLs and standardizing data access interfaces.  • Made extensive use of promises for application control flow.  • Involved in Analysis, Design, Development, testing, deployment and post production support for change request/new service request are carried out.    • Used TFS check-in/check-out and code deployment, created user stories and tasks    • Creating Unit Of work and Services to create abstraction between Database and Web API.  • Created functional and technical specifications based on the requirements.    Environment: HTML, HTML5, CSS3, Ajax, JSON, JavaScript, jQuery, Angulars 1.6, Bootstrap, less CSS, sass CSS, grunt, gulp, GIT, JIRA. C#.NET 4.5.1, ASP.NET, Entity Framework, Swagger Visual Studio 2013, Team Foundation Server (TFS), Web API 2.0 Web Developer Franklin Templeton - IN March 2013 to November 2014 Responsibilities:  • Developed web pages using HTML, DHTML, XHTML, DOM, CSS, JSON, JavaScript, jQuery and AJAX.  • Designed and implemented different layouts using HTML and CSS.  • Implemented applications using Twitter Bootstrap framework.  • Designed table-less layouts using CSS and appropriate HTML tags as per W3C standards.  • Debug the application using Firebug too traverse the documents and manipulated the nodes using DOM and DOM functions.  • Worked on portals for developing patient online ordering using JavaScript, jQuery and Ajax.  • Created images, logos and icons that are used across the web pages using Adobe Photoshop.  • Used JIRA for bug tracking and issue tracking.  • Worked with JSON for data exchange between client and server.  • Developed the pages that are complaint to W3C and ADA standards.  • Component level design and defined the usage of AJAX to reuse the network bandwidth efficiently and making feel that the user resides in the same page of our website.  • Uses JavaScript for custom client-side validation.  Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, JSON, JSTL, XML, XHTML, DHTML, Eclipse, Adobe Dreamweaver, JIRA, Twitter bootstrap, SVN, CVS, GIT, PHP, ClearQuest, Harvest, Adobe Photoshop and MS Office. Education Master's Skills Visual studio, Git, Html, Javascript, Json, Svn, Xml, Ajax, Css, Dhtml, Dreamweaver, Weblogic, Websphere, Angularjs, jquery, Database, Mysql, Linux, Mac