Sr. Web Designer/ Developer Sr. Web Designer/<span class="hl">Developer</span> Senior Front End Developer & UX/UI Designer Anaheim, CA Work Experience Sr. Web Designer/ Developer VerizonWireless.com - Irvine, CA March 2018 to Present Work primarily with Adobe Test & Target for verizonwireless.com. Heavy JavaScript/CSS manipulation of the DOM for different A/B tests and content swaps. All work is responsive. Make test suggestions for overall site and sale improvements. JavaScript frameworks used are jQuery, Handlebars, and React. Work closely with Marketing, Release Managers, and UI/UX.  Work is partially remote, working from home 3 days a week. Occasionally work on an 'on call' basis to support releases and is performed remotely over VPN. Main management is on the East Coast. Front End Web Developer Monoprice.com - Brea, CA July 2017 to March 2018 eCommerce store for consumer electronics. Built on a .NET/C# platform. Maintain current site and build new site modules using the latest HTML5, JavaScript/jQuery, AJAX, CSS3, and keep everything responsive. Input on UI/UX designs. Ensure the technical feasibility of UI/UX designs. Participate in code review and testing after development. Collaborate with variety of team members. Assist in working towards an agile environment and get away from waterfall methodologies.  Assisted with some theme editing for UK site: https://www.monoprice.uk Front End Engineer Onestop.com - El Segundo, CA February 2016 to December 2016 An eCommerce digital agency. Primary focus is working with online retail businesses. I work with Magento 2.x (PHP) and OrchardCMS (.NET) platforms. Working closely with PMs and project leads to complete store needs. Work on anything from maintenance to redesigns. All sites are mobile first and responsive. Mark up written in latest HTML5, CSS3 (LESS, Bootstrap), and JavaScript/jQuery. Some Knockout.js was used with Magento. Grunt used as the primary build tool. Assisted UX/UI teams and backend engineers. Sr. Web Developer Brandedonline.com - Costa Mesa, CA May 2015 to December 2015 An eCommerce digital agency. Primary focus is on the fashion industry. Worked with Magento 1.x (PHP) to update and create new client websites. Content was run and maintained using Concrete5 (CMS). Assist UX/UI team to make all sites responsive. Mark up written in latest HTML5, CSS3 (SCSS, Bootstrap), and lots of jQuery to override Magento 1.x use of prototype. Front End Developer Iherb.com - Irvine, CA September 2014 to March 2015 An eCommerce website selling health supplements. Working in a .NET/C# environment utilizing HTML5, CSS (SCSS), and jQuery. Responsible for site maintenance and updates on all platforms (desktop, mobile, and tablet). Perform UI/Cross Browser testing and assist team in creating a new responsive experience. Helped build web views for Android app. Helped with UX/UI discussion to create style guides and requirements. Sr. Web Dev. / Designer MojoPages.com - San Diego, CA March 2014 to August 2014 Responsible for updating and maintaining site for the desktop. Working as a hybrid front- end developer and UX/UI designer. Worked directly with CTO and product team to develop an engaging user experience for the website redesign. Sr. Web Developer KBB.com - Irvine, CA July 2012 to March 2014 Responsible for updating and maintaining flagship site for all medias. KBB.com is an adaptive site in a .NET/C# environment. All CSS done in LESS. Worked closely with design and development teams to achieve revenue goals and achieve ad partner goals. Web Developer Local.com - Irvine, CA July 2010 to June 2012 Developed and helped design sites redesign. Site is built on .NET/C#. Lead front end work for desktop and mobile site. Supported all browsers, including IE6 and IE7.  ACCOMPLISHMENTS:  - Member of 20 person team to complete development of redesign  - Recognized as the company's Star Performer in 2010  - Recognized as the company's Star performer in 2011  - Member of a team to redesign Network Hosted Directories (1500+ sites) Education Graphic Design Art Institute of CA Orange County Skills Visual studio, Git, Javascript, Bootstrap, Reactjs, Front End, UI, React, Front-End, Front End, HTML5, React, UI, Front-End, CSS3 Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/jacobsolano http://www.jacobsolano.me