Freelance Web Developer Freelance Web <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front- End Developer Los Angeles, CA Determined Front- End Developer offering more than 10 years of expertise in a fast-paced environment. Bilingual and well-spoken with the ability to work closely with people of all different backgrounds and personalities. Excellent reputation for resolving problems, improving client satisfaction, and driving overall operational improvements. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Freelance Web Developer Hive80 August 2018 to Present I worked as a freelance developer and helped a startups and other  companies build mobile apps and websites.    ? Designed & developed a mobile-friendly websites for restaurants, online clothing and IT company.  ? Developed beautiful interfaces for a music streaming and ride-sharing startup companies in Africa using Adobe XD,  React, React Native and various cutting-edge technologies. Senior Front End / UI Developer Pacific Technology Solutions October 2010 to March 2018 As a front- end developer, I have worked closely with back- end team on several web and mobile application projects for top brands, some  of which are JD Power, Grease monkey, Honda, Mitsubishi, Honda,  Acura, Hyundai, Toyota, KIA, Mercedes, BMW, VW and more    ? Created compelling user interfaces that provides consistent  compatibility across various platforms.  ? Developed landing pages, dashboards and online applications  using Visual Studio, Bootstrap, CSS3, Sass, HTML5, and JavaScript.  ? Developed websites using Joomla, WordPress, Drupal, PHP, C#, MySQL, SQL, and Telerik controls.  ? Developed Android and IOS mobile applications for Toyota/Lexus, Honda/Acura, and JD Power China using Apache  Cordova, PhoneGap and Ionic.  ? Developed web application layouts user interfaces using  HTML5, CSS3, Javascript ES6, and AngularJS. Designed user  interfaces, tools, and web pages to meet branding guidelines and web best practices using Adobe Photoshop, Adobe  Illustrator and Adobe XD.  ? Designed, implemented and monitored web applications and sites for continuous improvement in a fast-paced environment. Web Developer iBank July 2007 to February 2008 Completely redesigned the company's website and provided full  maintenance. Closely collaborated with marketing and management  teams to achieve the company's overall technology.    ? Designed a user-friendly website that seamlessly worked  across various browsers.  ? Developed an integrated online application within the website  called CredenTrust, an in house lending software.  ? Responsible for design work in every department of the company. Education Digital Media East Tennessee State University - East, Tennessee, US 2003 to 2006 Skills HTML (10+ years), CSS (10+ years), Javascript (7 years), Photoshop (10+ years), Wordpress (8 years), Visual Studio (8 years), C# (6 years), JIRA (4 years), Git (2 years), TFS (8 years), NET, PHP, Angular, Jquery, HTML5, Front End, Bootstrap Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/alex-jibril-508790100/ https://alprocode.com