Front End Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End Developer - JoIT Computer Solutions Clarksburg, MD Highly motivated Information Systems Management professional and Front- End Developer, with technical skills in web development and network security. Possessing knowledge of various software languages and IT network security tools, UI design & research experience. Integrating software per the requirement and enhancing the working ability of IT systems. In addition to ability to grasp new technical concepts and utilizing them to achieve project objectives. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Front End Developer JoIT Computer Solutions January 2016 to Present Website: https://www.joitcomputersolutions.com/    Responsibilities:  • Creative and accomplished Front- End Developer with a wide range of skills. Strong knowledge and experience in HTML5, CSS3, JQuery, JavaScript, Bootstrap, Node.JS, NPM, Git, User Interface Design, and User Experience, Adobe XD, Adobe Photoshop.  • Meets customer requirements, business objectives. Provides strategic advice on new technologies to achieve goals to end-users in new and existing IT systems. Provide services with technical issues and maintenance in computer and networks.  • Expertise to design, adapt and develop websites from concept to completion always with a keen eye for detail. Self-motivated, easily recognizing new online trends and learning new technologies whilst seeking the highest standards attainable.  • Developed various mockups, website projects, testing and verifying projects through the development process. Creation of standards-compliant mobile and desktop web interfaces, developed clean, precise browser-compatible code, and designed functionality.  • Planned site/project design by clarifying goals, and supported planning and testing features. Prioritized and managed multiple tasks across multiple projects, under thigh deadlines.  • UI- UX Design, Prototyping, User Research Experience.    PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS:  JoIT Computer Solutions  Web Development project of website JoIT Computer Solutions. The purpose of the project was to develop a business website about computer management, networks and web development services and dedicated to end users for Information Technology needs. The deliverables for this project was domain acquisition, create development environment, design website, including deployment in a cloud server environment. The website was designed according to the phases of Web development Life Cycle, which includes project planning, system requirement analysis, system design, implementation, testing, and at last maintenance.    Tools: HTML5, CSS3, JQuery, JavaScript, Bootstrap, Adobe XD, Adobe Photoshop, Node.JS, NPM, Git, Visual Studio. Systems Analyst January 2012 to 2016 Freelance)    Responsibilities:  • Provided services as technical consulting and strategic input to end users regarding network hardware and software system support, repairs of desktop computers, printers, and other computing resources.  • Supported in the installation of new software, deployment, and maintenance of computers and laptops to users in a timely manner. Provided advice to end users regarding the prevention and mitigation of hardware  and software malfunctions, arranged for the correction, and prepared documentation of error, root cause  analysis and resolution. Installed and tested systems at end user site. Monitored performance of systems  after implementation. Implemented efficient data file backup and virus protection processes, and maintained backup schedule, software, programming and documentation logs. Education None in Certificate The University of British Columbia October 2018 to December 2019 None in Certificate California Institute of the Arts October 2018 to August 2019 Certificate The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology October 2018 to August 2019 Bachelor of Science in Information Systems Management University of Maryland University College August 2017 Associates of Arts in Information Systems Montgomery College - Germantown, MD August 2015 Skills Angular (Less than 1 year), Front End, Javascript, User Interface, Front-End, HTML5 (2 years), CSS3 (2 years), Adobe (2 years), NPM (2 years), Bootstrap (2 years), Git (2 years), JQuery (2 years) Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/marjory-marquez-943a8999 https://marjorymarquez.000webhostapp.com