Front End Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End Developer Cincinnati, OH Front end developer and designer that cares about an excellent user experience. I've worked for startups to large corporations with a focus on internal applications and SaaS. Key skills in Angular 7, TypeScript, Sass, advanced CSS design, responsive design, and UI development. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Front End Developer Dee Sign - Cincinnati, OH October 2018 to Present Plans and executes all projects from creation to release. Gathers requirements from users and management. Communicates design process through wireframes and prototypes. Executes all UI design and front end development using Angular 7, TypeScript, Material and Bootstrap. Front End Developer GE Aviation / Triple E Partners August 2018 to October 2018 Consultant for GE Aviation Cyber Security department. Focused on updating internal legacy AngularJS applications and improving understanding on how they function. Implemented new features that gave the business better feedback on risk management. Software Developer Stack Construction Technologies - Mason, OH January 2014 to February 2018 Was the sole contributor for all front end design, and led projects for their SaaS platform. Used AngularJS to implement features for the construction industry. Developed and maintained the marketing site using ASP.NET, MVC5, and Bootstrap. Developed with SEO in mind. Agile management using scrum. Lead UI Developer Touchstone Group Associates - Cincinnati, OH April 2013 to December 2013 Managed web application projects within the UI department. Developed internal web applications for top automotive and banking companies. Provided backwards compatible enterprise software that adhered to brand standards. Web Developer webFEAT - Cincinnati, OH August 2011 to April 2013 Designed and developed large scale ecommerce and marketing sites. Used ASP.NET and MVC to create and improve websites. Was in direct contact with clients during the design process.  Education None in AngularJS Bootcamp Gaslight - Cincinnati, OH August 2015 to November 2015 Psychology University of Cincinnati - Cincinnati, OH September 2004 to May 2006 Skills HTML 5 (10+ years), Angular (4 years), TypeScript (4 years), CSS3 (10+ years), Javascript (4 years), Angular Material (1 year), Bootstrap (5 years), Visual Studio (8 years), Git (3 years), Azure (5 years), jQuery, UI, UX, User Experience, User Interface, Wireframes, Photoshop Links http://coroflot.com/Emiegan