Senior React Native Developer Senior React Native <span class="hl">Developer</span> Senior React Native Developer - Nexient LLC Sunnyvale, CA • Over 6 years of experience in the field of Front- End application development in the E-Service and E-Commerce industry.  • Expert at ReactJS and Redux to build well-organized and responsive single page application.  • Hands-on experience about building responsive web application by Bootstrap and Media Query.  • Solid foundation in HTML and JavaScript language.  • Expert at creating page layouts by CSS3 pre-processor frameworks such as SASS and LESS.  • Hands-on experience in websites developing technologies and frameworks, such as jQuery, Bootstrap, AJAX, JSON, ReactJS, Redux and React Native.  • Expert at DOM manipulation with JavaScript/jQuery includes selecting, deleting, adding, hiding and showing HTML elements.  • Expert at Xcode iOS simulator and Android Studio emulator.  • Professional experience in the ECMAScript new standard features includes async function, arrow function, let/const keyword and default parameters.  • Professional experience in developing CURD (Create, Read, Update, Delete) application.  • Hands-on experience in RESTful web services, use JSON to get response data for the user interface.  • Expert in Developer Toolbar for Chrome and Redux Developer Tool for debugging the code.  • Strong knowledge of cross-browser compatibility and W3C standards, hands-on experience in solving cross-browser issues (Safari, Chrome, Firefox).  • Knowledge about Cucumber language for writing test cases.  • Expert at running unit test using Jest and Enzyme in JavaScript frameworks.  • Involve in the phase of software development life cycles such as Agile and Scrum workflow.  • Hands-on experience in using different kinds of IDE's includes Visual Studio Code, WebStorm, Sublime, Eclipse.  • Professional experience in using version control tools GIT.  • Wide experience with communication software such as Teams and slack.  • Excellent self-motivated team worker, capable of working under pressure and good multi-tasks management.    Technologies/Skills  Web Technologies HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript, Typescript, Bootstrap  Web Frameworks ReactJS, React Native, Angular  IDE Visual Studio Code, WebStorm, Sublime, Eclipse Work Experience Senior React Native Developer Nexient LLC - Ann Arbor, MI October 2018 to Present Project: ACDC  The ACDC project is to develop a mobile application for both iOS and Android users by using React Native frameworks. It will enable Southern California Edison Field Crew Foremen to capture asset information and update corresponding systems records. It can retrieve work order information tied to Remote Fault Indicator (RFI) installation; support Data Matrix Code scanning for asset data capture, and GPS coordinates via mobile device telemetry; It also inserts/updates asset record within database.    ? Responsibilities  • Involve in requirement analysis and produce documentation that related to the project tasks.  • Work in a team environment and cooperate with the Graphic User Designers, developers and testers, turn wireframes and visual design blueprints into working applications.  • Design and develop most of the screens in the application using React Native frameworks.  • Make sure the application fits different iOS and Android devices size by using flex CSS style  • Develop the login and logout functionally for secure user and application information.  • Add customer form validation to rule the user input in the application.  • Manage state of the whole web application using Redux store.  • Fix Bugs in time by Quality Assurance feedback.  • Involve in improving the application performance by minimizing HTTP request, implementing compression on the image and minimizing cookies.  • Review other developers code to maintain the code style consistence of the whole project.  • Follow the pipeline of team to deploy the ACDC app in App Center.  • Help new colleges set up code running environment.  • Provide immediate and significant contributions to the project.  • Wrote and run unit test by jest and enzyme to do automation JavaScript test  • Work in a team environment and cooperate with the backend/database developers who provide the backend functionality of the site.    ? Environment  React Native, Redux, ReactJS, HTML5, CSS3,JavaScript, XCode, Chrome developer tool, JIRA, Git, Agile, Visual Studio Code. Senior Front End Software Developer Hachette Book Group - Manhattan, NY September 2017 to September 2018 Project: Hachette Books AIM (Author Information Management) Webapp  Hachette Books is one of the publishing divisions of Hachette Book Group. The AIM project is to develop an author management system both for employees and authors. It allows the user to update and search the books publishing information. It also allows authorized users to view and edit author contact information, upload/download related documents, add and remove author index. This web application is also ADA compliance.    ? Responsibilities  • Involve in requirement analysis and produce accurate documentation that related to the projects and tasks.  • Write and run unit test to meet the requirement of code coverage.  • Work in a team environment and cooperate with the backend/database developers who provide the backend functionality of the site.  • Design and develop the main page and subpage of AIM project by using HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, JavaScript, ReactJS framework.  • Work closely with Graphic User Designers to turn wireframes and visual design blueprints into working HTML/CSS prototypes.  • Work with Bootstrap Grid System and many other reusable components to develop a responsive web application.  • Wrote pre-processor SASS code for optimizing CSS files.  • Responsible for designing the user component to allow the edit features of application.  • Add alt attribute of HTML label to make sure the application is ADA compliance.  • Write detailed text descriptions for Complex graphics.  • To assist color-blind users and those with other visual impairment, color is never used as the sole means of conveying information.  • Create a link to the video rather than embedding it into web pages  • All of the website's functionality is available through the use of a keyboard  • Websites are developed and designed to be as compatible as possible with assistive technologies such as screen readers.  • Add customer form validation to rule the input type and length in the application.  • Manage state of the whole web application using Redux store.  • Create and use Reduces that received Actions to modify the store state tree.  • Add editable information page component in the management system and properly update them into the database with the backend through Restful API.  • Fix the bug to handle the empty data array when clicking the "submit" button.  • Use ReactJS components, forms, events, router and animations to enrich the webpage application.  • Involve in improving the webpage application performance by minimizing HTTP request, implementing compression on the image and minimizing cookies.  • Debug and test the application by Chrome Developer tool, React developer tool in chrome.  • Work with GIT as a version control tool to host source code, collaborate with teammate and solve conflicts, and use JIRA for task management.  • Use Agile software development methodology and interact with the back- end staff and scrum master at the daily meeting.  • Work independently according to mock-ups from product manager and provide immediate contributions to the project.    ? Environment    HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, SASS, ReactJS, Redux, WCAG 2.0 Level AA, Chrome developer tool, Bootstrap, JIRA, Git, Agile, Visual Studio Code. Senior Web/UI Developer ShopSpring.com - New York, NY March 2016 to July 2017 Project: POT (Purchased Order Tracking) Webapp  The POT project is to build a web application to help the employee in ShopSpring to track, manage, sort, search and cancel the customer orders. It also provides the link of the product in the ShopSpring.com website in the order detailed page. The POT project is based on the cutting-edge framework ReactJS. Our team also collect the feedback from the test developer and update the application regularly.    Project: Coins (Reward Points Calculate System) Webapp  ShopSpring.com needs to calculate the reward points for the website users. The users can redeem the points in their account as cash to buy products. Coins project is to build a web application to help the employees calculate the rewards points based on the customer's previous orders, feedback comments, and share events. The project is based on the ReactJS framework and supports rewards history search.    ? Responsibilities  • Participated in a team to create a single page application utilizing ReactJS to communicate with RESTful web services for maintaining and managing order tracking system.  • Implemented a rich responsive web application using Javascript, ReactJS, and Redux.  • Created all POT project graphical user interface with HTML5 and CSS3.  • Follow the WCAG 2.0 Level AA recommendations, designed the web application so that it is perceivable, operable, understandable and robust.  • Wrote script files by JSX to handle events triggers.  • Built components library in the POT project, including Tree, Slide-View, and Table Grid.  • Use Media queries to add responsive function to the application in order to fit the different screen sizes.  • Created buttons, forms, navigation using the design template provided by Bootstrap.  • Designed and created all Coins project reusable ReactJS components and High Order Components to optimize the code and reduce the difficulty of maintenance.  • Used RESTful web service to call for POST, PUT, DELETE and GET methods.  • Used middleware such as Redux-thunk to handle the asynchronous flow.  • Applied optimization techniques to reduce page size and load times.  • Used Axios Ajax calls for data transmission between Front- End and Back- End services.  • Developed the application to render dynamically based on JSON from the Node JS server.  • Used NPM to manage package version and webpack as the bundler and task runner.  • Used different browsers to test the application performance, solved compatibility issues and minified JavaScript code.  • Used Git for code version control and cooperated with team members.  • Under the Agile Methodology all over the project including pair programming, sprints, user stories and backlog grooming.    ? Environment  HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Media queries, ReactJS, Redux, webpack, WCAG 2.0 Level AA, Agile, RESTful, Git, WebStorm. Front End Software Developer Jet.com - Hoboken, NJ July 2015 to January 2016 Project: PSIT (Product Source Information Track) Webapp  PSIT project is to rewrite a web application for better responsive performance. The application aims to store the price information of products from different agencies. It allows authorized employee in Jet to check and edit order between Jet and agencies.    ? Responsibilities  • Used AngularJS, Ajax to retrieve price information and progress from backend and update them to the backend database.  • Implemented Model-View-Control (MVC) architecture with AngularJS frameworks.  • Implementing AngularJS scope for sharing data between the view layer and the controller layer.  • Implemented reusable AngularJS service to contain those functions that can be used in many controllers, which optimizes the code and reduces the difficulty of maintenance.  • Configured AngularJS Router to establish routing between nested HTML views.  • Used local storage and session storage to store the data in user devices.  • Optimized website with Bootstrap to provide the user a smooth, responsive and friendly experience.  • Used jQuery to add animations to the webpage.  • Used AngularJS filter to handle JSON data operations includes ordering and filtering.  • Used Git for source codes management and cooperated with teammates.  • Merged branches from different developers and fix conflicts.  • Worked with Agile process management and minimal supervision, attended daily scrum meeting and completed all tasks for each sprint.    ? Environment  HTML, CSS, JavaScript, AngularJS, jQuery, Bootstrap, Ajax, Agile, Git, Sublime Web Software Developer Evernote - Beijing, CN May 2011 to June 2014 Responsibilities  • Worked with technical leads, engineers, designers, business analysts and operation teams to develop web application across areas of the company's business.  • Prototyped and developed new ideas and participate in all parts of the lifecycle from research to release.  • Created front- end code templates using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, as well as JavaScript libraries such as jQuery, and Bootstrap.  • Implemented Form validation and form properties in order to create a user validation directive for their input values.  • Involved in writing application-level code to interact with APIs by using Ajax, JSON, and XML.  • Worked with Git for code version control and use it to merge the reviewed code with team members.  • Wrote clean, scalable, standards-compliant, reusable, quality code with strong knowledge of web design.    ? Environment  HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap, Ajax, Sublime. Education Master of Science in Computer Engineering in Computer Engineering Stevens Institute of Technology Bachelor of Engineering in Electrical Engineering in Electrical Engineering Tsinghua University Skills API, Git, WEBPACK, JSON, XML, ANDROID, IOS, AJAX, WEB SERVICES, MAC, MAC OS Additional Information Operating Systems Mac OS, Windows, iOS, Android  Web Services XML, JSON, Ajax, Restful API  Developer tools Git, Webpack, NPM, babel, homebrew