UI Developer UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> UI Developer - AT&T • Having 6+ years of progressive experience in the field of Web Applications development on all phases of Software Development cycle using HTML, CSS, XHTML, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, XML, RWD and JSON.  • Experienced in developing Angular Directives and ReactComponents&Redux reducers.  • Extensive experience in DOM manipulation using JavaScript, jQuery.  • Created visualizations using D3.js,Chart.js and High charts library for effectively demonstrating and analyzing data.  • Working experience on integrating back- end technologies with JavaScript and jQueryby using AJAX and JSON.  • Consuming Restful services using Ajax, HTML, XML, JSON, JavaScript, jQuery.  • Designed and developed the application to be responsive for desktop, mobile and tablets using Twitter Bootstrap (HTML5, CSS, and JavaScript).  • Proficiency with Vanilla JavaScript, including prototype, scope and module concepts.  • Expertise in creating responsive style sheets using CSS with SASS.  • Excellent work experience in agile process Jira andSprint Planning, daily standup to sync up with Team for current sprint status.  • Design, develop and support JavaScript/AngularJS based Application built to provide API and GUI for Customers.  • Experience on working with CSS background, layouts, lists and links, Positioning, Float, Align, Pseudo-class, Pseudo Elements, Dimension, Box model, texts, borders, margin, padding, and tables.  • Build some UI Services that interact with REST Layer which access/manipulate Database as per the Request from GUI meeting MVC Architecture.  • Very good experience in Document Object Model (DOM).  • Developed the front- end featuring rich web interface implemented YUI using jQuery framework for UI centric AJAXbehavior.  • Used jQuery's UI features extensively to build several UI components of the web pages.  • Unit testing of Angular2 components, services using karma-test- runner and Jasmine.  • Extensive Experience in Applications using AJAX, Object Oriented (OO) JavaScript, JSON, JSONP, and XML.  • In-Depth knowledge/Experience of Web 2.0, JavaScript, jQuery, W3C Standards.  • Performed form validations using reactive forms from Angular2.0 framework.  • Capable of quickly learning and delivering solutions as an individual and as part of a team.  • Self-motivated Team player with excellent interpersonal and communicational skills. Work Experience UI Developer AT&T - Plano, TX January 2019 to Present Responsibilities:    • Involved in web designing using HTML, CSS 3, Angular.js and extensively used Table less Design in CSS for positioning.  • Made use of react component life cycle methods like ComponentDidMount and ComponentWill Mount and conditionally rendered different components depending upon the props values of the component  • Involved to implement various screens for the front end using React.js and used various predefined components from NPM (Node Package Manager) and redux library.  • Created multiple components in React keeping reusability across multiple mini projects in mind to avoid rework to meet tight deadlines.  • Worked in using React JS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, Animations, and Redux concept.  • Made use of react npm packages like react-slick to develop image carousels, react-modal to display modal and styled it though props and react-input-auto size to expand the input filed depending on the length of the input text entered.  • Made REST API calls to fetch the data from the backend as JSON response and populated on UI conditionally depending on the prop values of a component.  • Worked extensively on microService with ECMA Script 6 features. For build of JSX and ES2015 (ES6) used Babel, webpack.  • Added dynamic Functionality by creating and dispatching Action Creators that deployed Actions.  • Wrote code to handle cross browser compatibility issues in IE 7, 8, 9, FF, Safari and Chrome  • Managed search budgets and drove SEO forecasting and reporting for and AT&T  • Developed executed SEO /Content marketing strategy for high volume keywords related to key executive campaigns.  • Created onsite optimization SEO checklist for content owners/creators to maximize campaign efforts.  • Enhanced visibility with SEO strategies driving online traffic that increased conversion rate by 10-12% within six weeks  • Developed, implemented, and communicated value of strategies, SEO domain and URL strategies, international and localization, and sitemap strategies across multiple global product teams  • Done the design, development and testing phases of Software Development using AGILE methodology and Test-Driven Development (TDD)  • Involved in Agile process, Sprint meetings, attended daily standup meetings (Scrum), estimation meetings  • Responsible for quality assurance of finished websites including the validation of web forms and links.    Environment: HTML 5, CSS3, Sass, Less, JavaScript, Bootstrap, Ajax, React JS, Redux, Typescript, Flex, XML, JSON, Git hub, Restful API, AWS, Mongo DB, Central Management System(CMS), Jenkins and Web Strom. ReactJS Developer Staples Business Advantage - Framingham, MA February 2018 to December 2018 Responsibilities:  • Developing various design patterns and other functionalities include diagnostic, debugging, troubleshooting, as well as business processes concentrated around E-Commerce applications.  • Worked with the user group for requirement gathering throughout the planning and implementation.  • The application involved development of Single Page Application using React JS, Redux, Node JS, JavaScript (ECMA6), Bootstrap, SASS and LESS, HTML5 and CSS3.  • Worked with various react Components like Moment, react-datePicker, Pagination to create dynamic pages.  • Created re-usable components using ReactJs and created actions, reducers and integrated the components.  • Worked closely with Graphic designers to implement mock-ups and the layouts of the application using HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, and JavaScript.  • Implemented stable React components and stand-alone functions to be added to any future pages.  • Used JSON for exchanging the information between browsers and servers.  • Developed several APIs using Restful web services and consumed various APIs from different internal portals.  • Worked with Agile methodology, developed scrum teams within the development team and have ability to complete the tasks within given sprints.  • Used React-Router to turn the application into Single Page Application.  • Used Web services (SOAP and RESTful) for transmission of large blocks of XML/JSON.  • Component for UX-Library consisted of Button, Checkbox, Input, Icons, Toggle Button, Dropdown, Multi-Level Dropdown and many more.  • In Phase Two, worked closely with the Back- End team to display data using the Custom Components, library Components, and Redux.  • Built applications using React.JS which allowed us to render pages on both the client and server using the same codebase.  • Used Middleware, Redux-Promise in application to retrieve data from Back- End and to also perform RESTFUL services.  • Involved in daily SCRUM meetings to keep track of the project status.  • Extensively used Git and Source Tree version controlling and regularly pushed the code to GitHub.  • Used JIRA as the bug tracking system to track and maintain the history of bugs/issues on an everyday basis.  • Interacted with Testing Team, Scrum Masters and Business Analysts for fixing of Issues.  • Interacted with Customers and development teams for Fix the Issues.  • Performed the System Testing, Regression Testing for Complete UI after fixing the Issues which are reported by Testing Team.    Environment: HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, JSON, React JS, Redux, Node.js, Bootstrap, Agile, Sublime Text, windows. Front End Developer Credibly Financial - New York, NY August 2016 to February 2018 Responsibilities  • As a Front- End developer working with React, Redux. Highly knowledgeable on scalable and usable UI components and Front- end architecture.  • Solid understanding of React rendering theory and skilled in Node.js, ES6, Async Generator, Event-loop  • Extensively working on Jenkins/Teamcity/Docker for the purpose of continuous integration (CI) and for End to End automation for all build and deployments.  • Incorporated table-less web development approach to create applications using CSS (2.1/3) and with the help of tags as per W3C standards.  • Experience using AJAX to create interactive web applications, mainly focusing at increasing performance.  • Used CSS pre-processors like SASS and LESS.  • Working with front- end technologies like ReactJS, typescript, JavaScript ES6, HTML5 and CSS3  • Working with Nodejs, sequelize, graphql to write back- end services.  • I work with testingframeworks like Jasmine, Frisby and Protractor to write end to end test cases.  • I practice BDD and TDD in my daily work.  • Good Experience in React JS for creating interactive UI's using One-way data flow, Virtual DOM, JSX, React Native concepts.  • Expertisein React JS and working with React Flux architecture.  • Hands on experience on CSS preprocessors such as SASS and LESS.  • Expertise in React Component for UX-Library consisted of Button, Checkbox, Input, Icons, Toggle Button, Dropdown, Multi-Level Dropdown and many more.  • I closely work with architecture team to improve code quality and to write more components for reusability.  • Built large-scale web applications and mobile-first websites using JavaScript, React.  • Researched and implemented new technologies including isomorphic JavaScript and MVC frameworks.  • Mentored and trained other developers; conducted code reviews.  • Collaborated closely with designers, copywriters, business stakeholders, and other developers.  • Research, implement and present on new tools and methodologies.  • Refactor code and review other developers' code.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, Javascript, ReactJS, Redux, Node JS, Typescript, Jekins, Docker, Karma, Jasmin. Web UI developer Augusta Hitech Soft Solutions February 2014 to October 2015 Responsibilities:  • Modified the UI screens created by web designer using HTML, JSP, CSS, and JavaScript.  • Involved in Agile Story point methodologies and full software development lifecycle, Designing, coding, testing, debugging and support.  • Performed Client-side validation using JavaScript.  • Designed and Developed front- end UI using HTML5, CSS3,Bootstrap,JavaScript, jQuery.  • Worked with Internal Clients for business objectives, project scope and the requirements of the project.  • Used the AngularJS MVC Frameworks in the development of the web applications.  • Debug the application using Firebug and Chrome developer tools to traverse the documents and manipulated the Node JS using DOM.  • Designed Responsive Web pages using Media Queries.  • Used Responsive web design (RWD) approach for crafting sites to provide an optimal viewing and interaction experience.  • Create complex JIRA workflows including project workflows, screen schemes, permission scheme and notification schemes in JIRA.  • Designed CSS3 based web pages which were cross-browser compatible.  • Implementing inheritance properties using SASS for creating responsive stylesheets.  • Experience in making Responsive web pages using Bootstrap and media queries.  • Involved in Implementing Testing framework for JavaScript using Jasmine.  • Experience in testing Agile and waterfall environments using Selenium.  • Implemented Presentation layer using HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript framework such as AngularJS.  • Developed SQL queries to perform insert, update or delete operation on MySQL database.  • Used various test servers such as Apache Tomcat, WAMP, MAMP to check the functionality of the developed code  • Preparing Unit test cases for all the application & fixing defects if any and developing Widgets and plugins using jQuery for common controls.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, AJAX, JavaScript, jQuery, AngularJS, SVN, JSP, Jasmine. Jr.Web developer Value Labs May 2012 to January 2014 Responsibilities:  • Ability to rapidly prototype interface designs in hand-coded validating, standards-compliant, and semantically rich code and be aware of cross-browser compatibility and bugs.  • Created User Interface in DOJO/AJAX and Struts2 tags for different customized screens for each type of Provider.  • Thorough understanding of application development life cycle methodologies.  • Knowledge of human factors and usability, best practices for interface design.  • Excellent problem-solving skills and the ability to work independently.  • Deep understanding of JavaScript and jQuery framework.  • Involved in write application level code to interact with APIs, Web Services using AJAX, JSON and XML  • Created XSL, XSLT, HTML and XML for designing of user interface.  • Designed business applications using web technologies like HTML, XHTML and CSS based on the W3C standards.  • Developed data formatted applications and deploy the script using client side scripting using JavaScript.  • Worked on cross-browser compatibility and fixed the bugs for several browsers.    Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, JSON, XML, Tomcat Apache. Education MS in Information Technology in Information Technology Wilmington University Skills Html, Javascript, Bootstrap, Reactjs, Json, Vs code, Ajax, Css, Dreamweaver, Opera, Tomcat, Ui web, Web server, Angularjs, Ui, jquery, Mysql, Pl/sql, Sql, Safari Additional Information Technical Skills:    UI Web Technologies HTML 5, CSS3, Bootstrap, JavaScript, jQuery, AngularJS, ReactJS, AJAX, JSON, NodeJS, Jasmine.  IDE, HTML Editor EclipseIDE, Dreamweaver, Sublime, Notepad++, Firebug,IntellJ Idea, NetBeans IDE 7.3.1. VS code.  Programming Languages HTML, CSS, JSON,JavaScript, AngularJS, ReactJS.  Web/App Servers Apache Tomcat 7.0.37, HTTP Web Server.  Operating Systems Windows XP (Prof), Windows 7, Mac OS X (Lion).  Browser: IE, Firefox, Opera, Chrome, Safari.  Databases MySQL, MS-Access, SQL 0.99, PL/SQL.