Sr. UI Developer Sr. UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> Sr. UI Developer - Intuit Chicago, IL ? 9 years of IT experience as a Application Programmer in the areas of B2B, EAI, Web and Client/Server Applications.  ? Around 5 years of web experience with JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3, PHP, ExtJS, jQuery/JS including 3.5 years with Modern JS framework like Node.js, Angular.js, Bootstrap.js, Backbone.js, knockout.js, Prototype.js, Require.JS and Handlebars.js.  ? Involved in all phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) in large scale enterprise software using Object Oriented Analysis and Design.  ? Utilized Adobe Fireworks, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Dreamweaver and Illustrator for the front- end designing such as web pages, graphics and multimedia's.  ? Good experience in Agile, SCRUM and Waterfall methodologies.  ? Extensive experience in developing applications using Java, JSP, Servlets, JavaBeans, JSTL, JSP Custom Tag Libraries, JDBC, JNDI, SQL, AJAX, JavaScript and XML.  ? Strong Working experience in Design, Development and implementation of several J2EE frameworks like (Model View Controller) Struts, spring, Hibernate and EJB.  ? Strong front- end development using Adobe Flex, MXML, Action Script, AJAX, Java Scripts, CSS, HTML and DHTML.  ? Implemented Design patterns such as MVC, View Dispatcher, Data Access Objects, Singleton, Observer, Factory, and Session Facade.  ? Experience in configuring and deploying Web Applications using Web Logic, WebSphere, JBoss, Tomcat and Apache.  ? Developed ANT scripts for the build and deployment of J2EE applications.  ? Design, analysis and modeling of n-tired, Object-Oriented system architectures using Rational Rose.  ? Thorough knowledge in using UML, XML parsers (SAX, DOM), SOAP, HTML and DHTML.  ? Sound RDBMS concepts and extensively worked with Oracle, PL/SQL, SQL Server & DB2.  ? Very good experience in developing Test Cases using JUnit.  ? Experience in XML, WebServices using SOAP, REST, WSDL, UDDI, XML-RPC, JAX-RPC, JAXB and Messaging standards like JMS. Work Experience Sr. UI Developer Intuit - Mountain View, CA March 2018 to Present Responsibilities:  ? Involved in writing Spring Configuration XML, file that contains declarations and business classes are wired-up to the frontend managed beans using Spring IOC pattern.  ? Implemented HTML, Java Script for client side validation, designed various web pages for the presentation layer, handled Hibernate to generate the connectivity for the business logic.  ? Involved in designing the user interfaces using Struts Tiles Framework, HTML, JSP.  ? Designed the Front- end screens using JSF, HTML, CSS.  ? Used Java Servlets, JSPs, AJAX, XML, HTML and CSS for developing the Web component of the application.  ? Used AJAX to implement some customizations which required dynamic behavior like controls dependent on user value selection on some other controls.  ? Developed web pages using HTML/CSS and JavaScript.  ? Software is built as a web app on Node.js with Backbone.js. CSS is compiled with LESS and HTML template engine is Jade.  ? Developed single page application with Angular JS.  ? Good experience in JavaScript frameworks Angular.js, Node.js, Backbone.js, Require.js, Ext.js, knockout.js and JQuery especially AJAX driven web applications.  ? Responsible for the implementation of Web Design based on CSS3, HTML5, and Bootstrap Front- End Framework.  ? Worked on the modernization of a legacy and outsourced UI. Technologies used were Backbone.js, Can.js, and JQuery  ? Developed the UI panels using JSF, XHTML, CSS, DOJO and JQuery.  ? Developed static and dynamic Web Pages using JSP, HTML and CSS.  ? Involved in developing the UI panels using JSF, XHTML, CSS, DOJO and JQuery.  ? Written unit test scripts to test entities with CRUD operations, analyze heap size and memory leaks with Jprofiler.  ? Developed back- end stored procedures and triggers using Oracle PL/SQL, involved in database objects creation, performance tuning of stored procedures, and query plan.  ? Implemented the validation, error handling, and caching framework with Oracle Coherence cache  ? Built a RESTful API to save and retrieve geolocations using a remote server in Java using Spring, MongoDB, Apache CXF, and JAX-RS.  ? Written and executed stored-procedures on SQL SERVER back- end through JDBC API.  ? Developed Java and EJB in Mainframe DB2 environment.  ? Responsible for extracting the data by Screen Scraping and also responsible for consuming the web services using Apache CXF.  ? Implemented the web services client to consume the third-partyservice API for validating credit cards. Used XMLWeb Services using SOAP to transfer the amount to transfer application that is remote and global to different financial institutions.  ? Used Eclipse IDE for designing, coding and developing applications  ? Designed and implemented multiple stores (B2C and B2B) using WebSphere Commerce 5.6 and 6.x.  ? Provided expertise in the design and implementation of store functionality using WebSphere Commerce 6.x.  ? Implemented SOA using Web Services (SOA over WESB and SOAP over JMS) on ESB utilizing Websphere Integration Developer (WID) and Sybase.  ? Development work is also done to the legacy system using WSAD IDE. The modified application is deployed on websphere using ANT and javascripts for use by interface project.  ? Developed test cases and performed unit testing using JUnit.  ? Participated in daily Stand up meetings with Scrum Master.  ? Involved in detail design developing use cases, use case diagrams, class diagrams, sequence diagrams and high level activity diagrams using UML from the requirements.  ? Developed user interface using JSP, AJAX, JSP Tag libraries to simplify the complexities of the application.  ? Developed the User Interfaces using Struts, JSP, JSTL, HTML and Ajax, JavaScript.  ? Developed Servlets and Worked extensively on Sql.  ? Used Maven script for building and deploying the application.  ? Used Ant for developing build scripts and deploying the application onto WebLogic.  ? Incorporated XML Parsers such as DOM and SAX.  ? Developed framework using Java, BIRT Runtime, iText, MySQL and web server technologies.  ? Executed the test steps defined in Test Cases manually and reporting the bugs in JIRA.  ? Build code using IDE IntelliJ and deploy it using Apache Tomcat.  ? Configured WordPress publishing software for non-profit firm. Created weblog layout in HTML, CSS and PHP based on an original design according to client's branding needs.  ? Developed multiple web applications using Drupal, Zend Framework, and Code Igniter.  ? Designed and built it based on previous Classic ASP version. Upgraded its original database from Access to SQL 2008.    Environment: HTML, AJAX, JSON, JSP, JavaScript, JSTL, Struts, JMS, EJB, DOJO, Cognos, Hibernate, HTML, XML, Apache, DB2, Spring, Apache CXF, CRUD, SVN, Web services, Java, Servlets, GWT, Subversion, Maven, UML, IBM Websphere, Websphere Portal, Junit, Flex. Sr. UI Developer Amadeus IT Group - Madrid, ES September 2016 to February 2018 Responsibilities:    ? Developed user specific Highlights(dashboard menu) section, Home page, Admin home page, user module (Modify/search users, create users screens with assigning various roles) using Spring MVC framework, Hibernate ORM Module, Spring Core Module, XML, JSP and XSLT.  ? Developed and Implemented WebServices and used Spring Framework.  ? Developed the Presentation and Controller layers using JSP, HTML, Java Script, Business layer using Spring (IOC, AOP), DTO, JTA, and Persistent layer DAO, Hibernate for all modules.  ? Developed stored procedures, Triggers and functions in Oracle 10g to process the trades using PL/SQL and mapped it to Hibernate Configuration File and also established data integrity among all tables  ? Involved in designing the user interfaces using Struts Tiles Framework, HTML, JSP.  ? Developed additional UI Components using JSF and implemented an asynchronous, AJAX (JQuery) based rich client to improve customer experience.  ? Enhanced the functionality of screens using JSP, HTML, JavaScript, CSS and JQuery.  ? Designed and implemented the web application in Ruby on Rails, Node.js, HTML5 and JQuery from initial concept development to beta launch.  ? Developed web applications using Spring MVC, JQuery, HTML5, Bootstrap for Virtual Infotech Inc.  ? Researched future web technologies such as HTML5, CSS3, Backbone.js etc.to develop new web applications.  ? Oracle is used as the persistence layer, configured and optimally indexed for searches  ? Worked on Data Services implementation for the CRUD services.  ? Involved in the development of SQL, PL/SQL Packages, Stored Procedures  ? Working experience in Web Services using SOAP and WSDL, JSF, JSON, JQuery, JMS and Oracle coherence.  ? Technology leadership for the direction of the Cloud based application using Node.JS, PDFJS, Sencha, MongoDB and MS SQL Server integrating to a proprietary framework.  ? Developed programs for accessing the database using JDBC thin driver to execute queries, Prepared statements, Stored Procedures and to manipulate the data in the database  ? Used JPA 2.0 (JDBC Framework) and Apache CXF for XML generation.  ? Worked on web services SOAP and REST technologies  ? Involved in debugging the product using Eclipse and JIRA Bug Tracking.  ? Configured JMS Server setupand DB Connection pool setup & deployed Returned items in Weblogic Server.  ? Developing a new Content Management System backed by subversion using java EE technologies.  ? Developed JUnit test cases for all the developed modules.  ? Provides technical assistance in identifying, evaluating and developing Agile methodologies and procedures that are efficient, effective and meet good business practice.  ? Designed Use Case Diagrams, Class Diagrams and Sequence Diagrams and Object Diagrams to model the detail design of the application using UML.  ? Design & Development of the User Interfaces using HTML, CSS and JSP.  ? Involved in user interface development using JSTL.  ? Was involved in writing JSPs, JavaScript and Servlets to generate dynamic web pages and web content.  ? Created Maven build file to build the application and deployed on WebSphere Application Server.  ? Quickly learned iText and implemented to solve Hungarian Special Character Issue.  ? Developed a smart rule engine for CAS that tracks, alerts, emails and generates Crystal/Jasper reports for decision-makers in a company about any customer-employee issue whenever the rule is applicable.  ? Installed and configured a multi-server, clustered ILOG environment. Documented architecture and trained client administrators.  ? Assisted in visualization, planning and implementation of Web 2.0 initiatives.  ? Developed master JMS producer, master JMS consumer, and notification manager to implement existing interfaces and hide JMS details from existing (legacy) notification producers and consumers using J2SE DESIGN PATTERNS.    Environment: HTML, CSS, Angular.js, Bootstrap, Backbone.js, JavaScript, JSP, Jquery, SASS, LESS, Servlet, UNIX, Linux, Oracle, JDBC, Eclipse, Java, Spring, Hibernate, Apache CXF, Clear Case, Struts, Tomcat, CRUD, JUnit, JIRA, Maven, iText, Weblogic, SVN, UML, Agile (Scrum) Front End Developer Fiserv - Brookfield, WI November 2014 to April 2016 Responsibilities:  ? Analyzed and designed the system.  ? Created Various UML Diagrams e.g. Class diagrams, Sequence diagrams.  ? Responsible for the design and development of the framework. The system is designed using J2EE technologies based on MVC architecture. The Views are programmed using struts, JSP pages, Model is a combination of EJB's and Java classes and Controllers are Servlets.  ? Developed user interface using JSP JQuery, and AJAX to speed the application.  ? Writing the java script and designing the JSP GUI frame work.  ? Involved in developing EJB's for the business logic and deploying them in Apache tomcat.  ? Responsible for creating of Action classes, JSPs, Model classes.  ? Used business delegate to call EJB from struts action class.  ? Used JBoss application server to deploy application into Production environment  ? Extensive experience using framework APIs like Struts, Spring, iBatis and Hibernate  ? Used Java Messaging Services for reliable and asynchronous exchange of important information.  ? Deployed Application to BEA weblogic server.  ? Involved in designing the user interfaces using JSP  ? Used JQuery to make the frontend components interact with the Javascript functions to add dynamism to the web pages at the client side.  ? Extensively worked on spring's framework.  ? Used JDBC for database connectivity with MySQL Server.  ? Implement the presentation layer (GUI), based on open source framework, involving Servlets, JSP, JSTL, JSF, CSS, HTML, JavaScript and Beans.  ? Designed Interactive GUIs using Java Applets and Swing.  ? Developed Servlets and Worked extensively on Sql.  ? Worked with MySQL for MySQL, SQLYog and Workbench.  ? Implementation of Spring IOC container, Spring JDBC template, Spring Exception Strategy and AOP.  ? XML messages are used to communicate between web services that are written using SOAP and WSDL.  ? Created different database objects (Stored Procedures, Functions, and Triggers) for the backend MS SQL server.  ? Involved in debugging the product using Eclipse 3.6 and JIRA Bug Tracking.  ? Used Ibatis to populate the data from the Database.  ? Involved in creating unit testing of various layers using junit and created automated test scripts for integration testing using Selenium.  ? Created war files & deployed on Tomcat using ANT deployment tool.  ? Performed Java web application development using J2EE and Netbeans.  ? Expertise in employing Water Fall Model and best practices for software development  ? Maintenance of data in different Oracle Databases and environments using TOAD.  ? Built CVS and XML file loaders and splitters for financial data  ? Used Clear Case for source Version Control.  ? Working Closely with EMC Documentum to implement Engineering Design Storage Repository and Project Document Management.  ? Tested with the Junit Test Cases for both Professional and Institutional Claims.  ? Coordinated with QA team to ensure the quality of application.    Environment: Java, Servlet, EJB, Struts. JMS, JDBC, Hibernate, Spring, Java Script, AJAX, UML, Eclipse, Weblogic, SOAP, Selenium, JBoss, ANT, JQuery, NetBeans, JSP, EJB, WSDL, Toad, Water Fall Model, iBatis, EMC Documentum, web services, HTML, XML, MS SQL server2005, My SQL, CVS, JIRA, ClearQuest, Swing, Clearcase, Junit. Java Developer Symantec - Mountain View, CA March 2012 to August 2014 Responsibilities:  ? Participated in all the stages of SDLC from requirements gathering to deployment of software.  ? Troubleshooting WebLogic Server.  ? The business logic was implemented in Processors and DAO layer accesses the back- end SQL Server database using Hibernate.  ? Created JUnit test cases to cover unit testing for the components.  ? Used MS Visio to come up with the required diagrams for the design part.  ? Developed and designed Interfaces using Swings.  ? Used Event Handlers to perform the required functionality of the events.  ? Implemented the statistics like UNIVARIATE, CORRELATION, REGRESSION etc using JAVA classes and methods.  ? Developed various UI (User Interface) components using Struts (MVC), JSP, and HTML, JavaScript, Ajax.  ? Involved in writing packages, stored procedures to retrieve/modify data in database.  ? Used MVC architecture, Business Delegate, Session facade, Data Access Object, Value Object and Singleton patterns  ? Involved in writing client side validations using Java Script.  ? Used Log4j for logging and handling defects of the application  ? Involved in developing business components using POJO.  ? Installed, configured, deployed, Monitored and troubleshoot WebLogic.  Technologies: Log4j, Ant script, TOAD, JAVA (Swings), JDBC, Web Service, Putty, WinScp, JUnit, Spring, Java, EJB, Java Script, Net Beans and Oracle Net Beans IDE, MS Visio, Oracle, Weblogic, Hibernate,. Software Developer VMware - Palo Alto, CA March 2010 to February 2012 Responsibilities:    ? Wrote test cases using JUnit testing framework.  ? Involved in debugging the product using Eclipse and JIRA Bug Tracking.  ? Involved in writing stored procedures, view, user-defined functions and triggers in SQLServer database for Reports module.  ? Configuring and analyzing JCL to execute mainframe batch.  ? Actively involved in contributing to RFP and POC activities in IMS.  ? Understanding the Domain Knowledge for the Product, Requirements and Design Documents  ? Wrote multithreaded programs to measure system performance.  ? Worked on various client websites that used Struts framework, Hibernate and OGNL  ? Used standard data access technologies like JDBC and ORM tool like Hibernate  ? Designed, implemented new website features and provided support, maintenance  ? Manipulated data and performed data preparation using TSO, ISPF and SPF system utilities.  ? Developed and implemented Legacy system programs by using COBOL, DB2, CICS, JCL, JAVA.  ? Simulation was developed using C++.  ? Used Visual Source Safe for source control.  ? Worked on GUI internationalization using JSP and Core Java  ? Used Mercurial to keep track of versioning of the source code  ? Worked on bug fixing  ? Used JDBC APIs for database connectivity and data retrieval.  ? Designed and developed Message Flows and Message Sets and other service component to expose Mainframe applications to enterprise J2EE applications.  ? Use FileAid datasets to validate backend results of test events.  ? Wrote stored procedures in Oracle PL/SQL for data entry and retrieval.  ? Extracted and modified data from VSAM files for PDF reports.  ? Automate nightly batch processing and job alerts using REXX.  ? Responsible for migrating Websphere server and migrating IBM CICS Transaction.  ? J2EE to communicate legacy COBOL based mainframe implementations.    Technologies: Core Java, JSP, JUnit, REXX, ISPF, Mainframe, Mercurial, Eclipse, .Net, IMS, VSAM, JCL ,JIRA, JDBC, Linux, Struts, Hibernate, MS SQL Server, COBOL, FileAid, CICS, Visual Source Safe, Weblogic, Oracle , OGNL, C, C++. Education M.S in Computer Science Chicago State University Skills Angular, CSS3, Front End, Front-End, Javascript, Node, React, UI