Full Stack Engineer Full Stack Engineer Full Stack Engineer Work Experience Full Stack Engineer Syngenta - Chicago, IL May 2019 to June 2019 Helped the team coordinate the front end effort  Described and focused the team on best practices and implementation  Created a modular system for the team to build out future designs. Full Stack Engineer Chloe + Isabel - Grandville, MI December 2018 to March 2019 Refactored React code implementing GraphQL  Worked on Rails backend with Elastic search to create and push new features  Focus on TDD and moved towards continual deployment  Used Heroku and TeamCity for deployments Front End Web Developer Cheff - Chicago, IL July 2018 to December 2018 Refactored existing code base to best utilize React 16.  Implemented Jest and Enzyme testing.  Implemented redux saga.  Provided business input/solutions to better reach customers and providers. Front End Web Developer Power Reviews - Chicago, IL May 2017 to June 2018 Built a new feature from start to finish. Added functionality to bring in new users and leads.  Refactored existing code base to modernize the tech stack.  Improved test coverage by almost 20% in first 6 months at new job.  Developed customer facing pages for all existing customers.  Improved redux flow for existing components.  Continual learning and integration to better communicate with senior members of team Student Code Platoon - Chicago, IL January 2017 to May 2017 Military veteran based coding boot camp  Emphasis on Ruby, Ruby on Rails, Javascript, and introduction to React  Cap stone group project on Github - Skillex (Skill swapping program that allowed users to teach and learn from one another)  Accredited with VA  Includes rigorous prework, assessments, and curriculum to accelerate new coders, and prepare them for the workforce. Entrepreneur Ahern Design - Chicago, IL January 2013 to January 2017 Established clientele, totaling over 40 customers.  Created mock up marketing campaigns for existing products.  Consulted on features and market positioning for new products.  Designed personal projects with patents pending.  Heavy use of Adobe Creative Suite. Education Masters of Computer Science in Computer Science Depaul University June 2017 to December 2020 Skills Git, Javascript, Bootstrap, Redux, Typescript, Ruby, Html5, Sass, Java, jquery, Functional testing Additional Information Accomplished and efficient Front- End and Full-Stack Web Developer + UI/UX, emphasis on ReactJS, with strong organizational and strategic planning abilities. Creative thinker with the ability to synthesize jobs needs with the newest technologies; clean, simple, and effective coder. Team oriented and effective communicator with the passion to deliver results that exceed expectations.    TECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES  HTML5: 3 years, CSS3: 3 years, SASS: 2 years, LESS: 2 years, Responsive Design: 3 years,  Design Ecosystems: 1.5 years  Bootstrap: 3 years, Foundation: 1 year  Javascript: 3 year, React: 3 years, jQuery: 3 years, Ruby: 3 years, Java: 1.5 years, NodeJS: 0.5 years  Redux-Thunk: 3years, Redux-Saga: 2.5 years, GraphQL: 1 year, Flow: 2 years, Typescript: 1.5 years  CI-CD: 1 year, TDD: 3 years, Functional Testing: 2.5 years, Jest: 3 years, Mocha: 2 years, Enzyme: 3 years,  Testing-Library: 1.5 years  Git: 3.5 years, Adobe Creative Suite: 4 years