Java Developer Java <span class="hl">Developer</span> JAVA Developer Washington, DC • JAVA Developer with expertise in Application Development Frameworks as well as design, analysis, development and testing of Web/Enterprise based and client/server applications.  • Experience in web development using JAVAScript, JSP, AngularJS, AJAX, HTML5, JQuery, CSS, Bootstrap, Struts MVC and REST.  • Experience in web applications servers Apache Tomcat, IBM WebSphere and Weblogic.  • Excellent knowledge on Spring & Spring Boot framework. Proficient in application development using Spring modules like Spring-IOC/DI, Spring-AOP, Spring-MVC.  • Expertise in Client-Server application development and support using Oracle 12c/11g/10g/9i, SQL.  • 4+ years of experience in design and development of web services of SOAP and RESTful.  • Experience working in a fast-paced Scrum environment, and Agile methodology for software development.  • Proficient with various J2EE IDE's such as Eclipse and Net Beans.  • Good Knowledge on Test Driven Development (TDD), usage of version controls such as SVN, GIT  • Experience with REST-APIs, MongoDB, Git, Postman, Junit, Mockito, Tomcat, MySQL, Maven, Gradle and Eclipse, IntelliJ IDEs.  • Excellent Analytical and Problem-Solving Ability, Good Time Management skills and Strong Interpersonal skills.  • Highly self-motivated and fast learner.    TECHNOLOGY STACK    Web technologies  Angular 3/4/5, TypeScript, NPM, Angular CLI, bootstrap, CSS3, HTML5, Bootstrap, Python, Perl, Java, Node, Spring boot, Spring MVC, Visual Studio Code, WAS (WebSphere Application Server), Tomcat, JavaScript, JSP, JSF, Web Services, SOAP, RESTful, Eclipse, GIT, ClearCase, jQuery, Ajax, JSON, XML, SVN, Hibernate, JDBC.  CI/CD: Git, Maven, SourceTree, Jenkins, AWS, Docker etc    Operating System: Windows, Unix, Linux, z/OS  Databases & Tools DB2, Oracle, SQL developer, AQT (Access query tool), Toad etc  App Servers: Apache Tomcat, IBM WebSphere Liberty (WAS), WebLogic Work Experience Java Developer Washington, DC October 2018 to Present Project: IMS & Impolite Applications  IMS and IMS lite applications are being integrated with SalesForce by implementing new functionality. It is an application for all xxxx affiliates and Organizations to create, renew and end their memberships. It facilitates to pay dues related to their membership. This application maintains all the information related to affiliates and organizations.  Responsibilities:  • Analyze business requirements and putting together functional and technical specifications documents.  • Work on analyzing SalesForce application screens and recording new attributes to be added to existing IMS and IMS lite screens.  • Develop new screens and updating applications using AJAX, HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, Hibernate, JSP, Struts framework and utilizing Web Services.  • To better facilitate new screens and improve user experience migrating few modules to use AngularJS with bootstrap support.  • Develop Spring MVC web applications and SOAP web services  • Design and develop Angular services to produce and consume REST APIs.  • Perform code reviews, unit testing, integration testing. Support QA and UAT.  • Perform build & deploy projects using CI/CD tools like - Jenkins, Git, Maven, AWS, Docker.  • Work across interfacing teams - services team, architecture, AWS.  • Problem -solving - debugging and fixing the Jiras and production incidents, using the AWS logs.  • Responsible for all client-side UI/UX Validation and implementing Business logic based on user selection using jQuery, JSP and AngularJS.  • Write application level code to interact with REST APIs, Web Services using AJAX, JSON and hence building type ahead feature using jQuery, AngularJS and JSP.  • Use ANT scripts to build and deploy applications.  • Test REST web services using POSTMAN and fix any reported issues or bugs.  • Writing PL SQL procedures for Oracle database.  • Attend meetings with IT team for the Code review and design reviews and continuously tracking status in JIRA  • Coordinate with DBA team and Supply Chain Management team for code migrations.  • Coordinate with QA team to initiate testing and ensure testing is completed  • Develop ANT scripts to develop the project war files and to deploy on to the Apache Tomcat and WebLogic servers.  Environment: JQuery, AJAX, HTML5, CSS, REST, Oracle, Apache Tomcat, WebLogic 10, Eclipse IDE, SVN, AngularJS. Java developer O'Fallon, MO February 2018 to October 2018 Project: Loyalty Benefits  Loyalty Benefits MBO API's and CHS applications that service to retrieve benefit and insurance details for master card clients and vendors. Also incorporate security mechanisms on top of Benefit APIs to allow communication benefits and emergency service details. This application services processing and billing on behalf of master card assistance center and Account Level Benefits. There is a web interface to help assign benefits to BIN products and to generate customized billing reports.  Responsibilities:  • Design, implement, and maintain Java applications that are often high-volume and low-latency, required for mission-critical systems  • Understand user requirements and implement feasible solutions that enable and improve performance and usability of applications.  • Work with business personnel for designing new features in existing applications.  • Develop technical designs for application development.  • Redesign and improving CHS application using Angular 5 and SpringBoot framework, Bootstrap.  • Develop new REST webservices using SpringBoot framework, deploying them to PCF and maintaining Jenkins build plan for continuous integration and deployment.  • Interact with our external vendors to better facilitate with services that best suit their current use cases and also improve existing API's for faster service.  • Identify bottlenecks and bugs, and devise solutions to these problems.  • Implement and deploy various code components throughout development life cycle.  • Develop and execute unit test plans while supporting formal testing and resolving test defects.  • Devise plans to improve sonar scores for both the applications and finding innovative solutions to improve development experience.  • Attend meetings with IT team for the design and code reviews.  • Provide status updates and task track through ALM tool.  Environment: JAVA J2EE, JDK 1.8, ANT, Spring, Spring boot, Junit 4.0, JQuery, Ajax, HTML5, CSS, JSF, Angular 5, PCF, REST Web services, Postgres, Oracle, Swagger, Docker, Jenkins, Eclipse IDE, IntelliJ, GIT, ALM. Front- End Java Developer Eden Prairie, MN November 2016 to December 2017 Project: Wellness Discounts program- Admin Tool UI  Wellness Discounts is a web-based application accessed by potential customers. Admins will be able to give permissions to the consumers and have access to lock and unlock the accounts. Each Admin will have different permissions to access the tools in their accounts. Complete information of the Providers and Facilities will be available in the Provider tool.  Responsibilities:  • Designed dynamic and multi-browser compatible pages using HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, JQuery, AJAX and JavaScript.  • Designed and developed UIs using bootstrap 4, HTML5, CSS5. Less.  • Designed and developed Angular modules - core and feature modules.  • Designed and developed components, view templates, custom directives, pipes.  • Designed and developed routing and page navigation and route guard services.  • Wrote cascading style sheets for entire user interface, created selectors, ids, classes and pseudo- classes in style guides.  • Worked on Bootstrap to create responsive web design interface that caters to different screen sizes.  • Analyzing, Debugging and Fixing the Front End UI issues assigned through JIRA bug tracking tools.  • Used JQuery events to manipulates the elements based on the user interaction like ready (), hover (), click (), mouse over () and key press ().  • Review Click through prototypes using HTML, CSS, JavaScript with adhering to W3C and browser compatibility standard.  • Worked with GIT/Code Hub as source code repository.  • Wrote application level code to interact with the backend databases  • Developed callback functions to parse and handle JSON data returned from the server.  • Used Ant and Maven as build tools on java projects for development of build artifacts on the source code.  • Participates in team meetings with the UI team and the end user Webmaster corporate clients to understand the needs of new implementation and Participates in daily team meetings and weekly scrum meetings.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery UI, AJAX, JSON, Bootstrap, RESTful Web Services, XML Full Stack Java Developer Wilmington, DE December 2015 to November 2016 Project: XXXXOnline CSR Admin Tool  The XXXXOnline Admin Tool is a critical application that is used by service representatives, bankers and fraud specialists to aid customers when experiencing difficulties with Online Banking. Based on the role assigned, bankers/specialists can assist the customer choose their account preferences, update their personal contact information, enroll in xxxxxOnline. This legacy application is housed in Struts MVC Framework and consumes REST Webservices for querying / updating customer related information.  Responsibilities:  • Attend JAD sessions to gather requirements for the project and communicate these to the business operations for finalizing requirements on the UI.  • Providing a timely update in JIRA Agile Dashboard for the Stories assigned  • Collaborate with DevOps by providing the Ant build script for the application, to maintain the appropriate release streams in the SVN repository.  • Responsible for Merging and updating each and every release stream using Tortoise SVN Tool.  • Maintain proper documentation for Functional Design and Technical design in the team's shared Confluence.  • Integrated REST web services with the application's Struts Framework  • Developed SQL Stored Procedures Scripts for running on IBM DB2 for granting access to pilot users during project release  • Provide 24/7 support for the application for any Production related issues as part of Postproduction Implementation and provide technical support and analysis for any postproduction defects.  • Troubleshoot any environment or code related issues in the application's testing environment reported by Test Environment Management Team during IST and UAT Testing Phases.  • Developed UI Components using JSP servlets, Struts MVC and configured the application for deployment on IBM WebSphere v 8.5  • Development activities for the project were carried out in Eclipse Luna IDE with IBM WebSphere as the application server v 8.5.  • Developed ANT scripts for generating Client Stubs for consuming REST web services that would enable the application to paint the UI with the appropriate data as well as send any Updates to the middleware layer.  • Tested business logic using Junit and Mockito test cases including both positive and negative tests with 75% code coverage for the application's code changes in TestDrivenEnvironment.  • Make use of DynaTrace client to monitor Performance Logs for the application and generate transaction graphs for the desired time duration to observe the behaviour of the webservice.  Environment: Struts MVC, Javascript, REST, Junit, IBM WebSphere v 8.5, Oracle SQLDeveloper 4.0, JIRA, Tortoise SVN 1.8.11, IBM DB2. Java Developer Chennai, Tamil Nadu February 2012 to January 2014 Project: Billing - Flexpay and Multicar  The e-Agent is a Web-enabled application based on the J2EE architecture to be used by the e-Auto, e-Home, and other related projects. The e-Agent application will provide a web-based interface to the existing Auto Policy Processing System (APPS) and Fire Policy Processing System (FPPS). Its main objective is to deliver a thin, richly interactive layer between web users and the existing CICS application system. The e-Agent will create a new CICS/COBOL layer in front of the APPS & FPPS Business Logic programs to handle the communications between Java/J2EE, APPS & FPPS. The e-Agent provides a web interface to a set of business transactions currently performed by agents through APPS & FPPS. In addition, the applications will be web-enabled with additional transactions such as billing inquiries, Agent's Cash Advice.  Responsibilities:  • Preparing the program specifications and reviewing with the teams.  • Developing RESTful and SOAP services in Java  • Creating unit test plans and reviewing them with client teams.  • Performing unit testing and supporting systems testing with QA.  • Performing peer reviews, unit and integration testing. Support QA and UAT.  • Taking care of builds, deployments and implementation of projects.  • Involving requirements discussions and preparing technical design.  • Preparing unit test cases.  • Performing unit testing, regression testing.  • Involving System testing and Integration testing in coordination with other teams.  • Peer reviews of coding and designs.  • Analysing technical issues and providing fixes.  • Helping developers to accomplish project tasks and resolving issues.  • Weekly team meetings and provide work status.  • Coordinating offshore team - translate the designs to technical terms.  Environment: z/OS, CA Endevor Software & Tools: Enterprise COBOL, DB2, Oracle, CICS, VSAM, JCL, File-AID, XML, Endevor, INTERTEST, Java, J2ee, MQ WebSphere, Test Director. Assessments Problem Solving — Proficient August 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to analyze relevant information when solving problems. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/jiabtcflihvvp4a6 Search Engine Optimization — Completed August 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to interpret online website performance metrics and understand search engine optimization tactics. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/ruh-gqx3uf67uoyl Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.