Photographer/Sales Associate Photographer/Sales Associate Digital Media Artist San Jose, CA Digital media artist with a passion for visual storytelling. Critical thinker with methodical approach to problem solving. Motivated active learner with an unyielding thirst for knowledge. Adaptable to fast paced work environments while possessing an enthusiastic personality promoting positivity in the workplace. Demonstrates productive time management skills through punctuality and organized work habits. Work Experience Photographer/Sales Associate JCPenny Portraits - San Jose, CA November 2018 to Present • Secured customer sit-ins and sales goals by setting up appointments and doing follow up calls.  • Manned the photography room setting up backdrops, lighting equipment, and camera.  • Photographed and posed families for a variety of themes: maternity, birthdays, graduation, business, and etc.  • Created beautifully assorted enhancements for customers; creating an appeal for our “Media Bundle” package.  • Learned effective A-E sales process and negotiation skills; handling objections when they arise and offering creative alternatives. Cashier/Sales Associate Rite Aid - San Jose, CA May 2017 to Present ? Ability to provide excellent customer service in a professional manner by engaging in friendly conversations and aiding customer needs including price inquiries, item location, carry out, etc; As a result I have formed strong relationships with customers that grow happier with each visit.    ? Demonstrated reliable organization skills by performing work tasks routinely such as alarm checks, cleaning and sorting out the work area, organizing vendor receipts and documentation, counting cash drawers, and other front end duties; Ensuring a safe and stress free work environment.    ? Aid loss prevention team by reporting and recording known thefts in log book ensuring the safety and security in work environment. Front End Web Developer Udacity - San Jose, CA February 2017 to April 2017 • Acquired skills to develop responsive websites across multiple platforms using html and css.  • Performed quality assurance through the knowledge of developer tools, resolving issues with unresponsive website on mobile devices. BFA Show San Jose State University - San Jose, CA August 2016 to December 2016 San Jose, CA  ? Hosted a successful gallery show and demonstrated excellent communication skills through clear visual and verbal storytelling.    ? Demonstrated quality assurance testing skills through critical problem solving; performing tests on application, swapping out the HDMI cables, resolving an issue where the projector was not able to project any imagery. Art 104 - Nomic San Jose State University - San Jose, CA February 2015 to June 2015 Art 104 - Nomic  San Jose, CA  San Jose State University / February 2015 - June 2015, San Jose, CA    ? Applied negotiation skills through a project called nomic where we had to trade a pencil for something of value; As a result I was able to trade up from a basic pencil to a multi-tool worth around $60. Art 108 - Game Studies San Jose State University - San Jose, CA August 2014 to December 2014 ? Excellent communication skills proven through performance of quality assurance testing procedures; providing clear and informative feedback to a diverse game development team consisting of artists, programmers, and SFX producers.    ? Demonstrated high adaptability through managing multiple tasks including animation, game testing, and managing production; ensuring that deadlines were met and presentation was a success. Intro to Digital Media - Photoshop “Convince Me” Project Series San Jose State University - San Jose, CA August 2014 to December 2014 • Knowledge in photoshop and illustrator demonstrated using techniques such as clipping masks, image cropping, and layer filters to design and print convincing art pieces including: CD covers, Nintendo DS game cover, and Postage stamps. Education Bachelor's of Fine Arts in Digital Media Arts San Jose State University - San Jose, CA August 2013 to December 2016 Associate Degree in Digital Media De Anza College - Cupertino, CA August 2010 to June 2013 Skills CUSTOMER SERVICE, TIME MANAGEMENT, SELF STARTER, Microsoft Word, Powerpoint, Excel, Sales, Problem Solving, Quality Assurance, Google Docs, Spreadsheet, Presentation, Web Design, Graphic Design, Adobe, Photoshop Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/daniel-masangkay Certifications/Licenses Driver's License Assessments Graphic Design — Highly Proficient April 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to create visual media to effectively communicate information and concepts. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/napnwfkwgackt11t Sales Skills: Influence & Negotiation — Highly Proficient April 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to effectively use influence and negotiation techniques to engage with and persuade customers. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/t3ejdygzsd-j1odr Teamwork: Interpersonal Skills — Highly Proficient April 2019 Resolving disputes, solving team problems, and understanding nonverbal cues. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/sajcp1uamar4bift Email — Expert April 2019 Measures a candidate’s ability to effectively compose and organize email messages. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/9xpnuko-fqwdfdzr Retail Cash Handling — Highly Proficient April 2019 Calculating retail transactions and knowing cash drawer policies and procedures. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/9kuvn03ongf3uwei Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information Skills  ? Customer Service  ? Sales  ? Adobe Creative Suite (Photoshop, InDesign, Illustrator)  ? Word, Excel, Powerpoint, Google Docs  ? Verbal and Written Communication  ? Problem Solving    ? Critical Thinking  ? Organization  ? Time Management  ? Adaptable  ? Team Oriented  ? Self Starter