UI Developer UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> UI Developer - ExxonMobil Tampa, FL • Around 8 years of IT experience as a Front- end/UI Developer in analysis, design, development and testing web applications on HTML, CSS, JavaScript, XML, AJAX, Angular JS 1.x, Angular 2,4 DOM Scripting and j Query.  • Proficient in developing and designing the phases of Software Development Life Cycle.  • Extensive experiences in UI Development, Web UI analysis, Web design, coding, testing, implementation, and Support working with various projects.  • Expertise in working with web development technologies such as HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQUERY and Angular.  • Strong knowledge in developing and designing web 3.0 application according to Information architecture and Usability standards using OO JavaScript framework, Ajax, jQuery, JSP, PHP, XML, CSS and MVC framework.  • Good understanding of Document Object Model (DOM) and DOM functions.  • Expertise in working with the JavaScript, prototype JS and various MVC JavaScript frameworks Angular.js and node.js.  • Good knowledge and experience in Object Oriented Programming Concepts, Object Oriented JavaScript, and Implementation.  • Expert in designing web applications and web contents utilizing various Search Engine Optimization (SEO) techniques.  • Solid experience with Responsive Web Design (RWD).  • Experience on working with CSS Background, CSS Layouts, CSS positioning, CSS text, CSS border, CSS margin, CSS padding, CSS table, Pseudo classes, Pseudo elements and CSS behaviors in CSS.  • Experienced in using Subversion (SVN), Concurrent Versions System (CVS) to maintain current and historical versions of files such as source code, web pages, and documentation.  • Expertise in UML which includes creating Use-Case diagrams, Class diagrams, Interaction diagrams using Designer tools like MS Visio.  • Excellent working on Compatibility issues with different versions of iOS and android as well as severs of browsers like Internet Explorer, Mozilla, Fire fox, Safari and Google Chrome.  • Experienced in Defining and creating various functional documents for the systems to be developed like Functional requirement document, use cases, design document.  • Good experience in developing the RESTFUL web services.  • Strong perseverance and diligence towards attaining challenging goals and possess good  Communication skills and quick learning ability  • Team player proven to work under tight deadlines, and also can work efficiently as an individual.  • Extensive knowledge on JavaScript Frameworks like Angular JS 1.x, Angular JS 2.0/4.0/5.0.  • Excellent communication and relation building skills. Used to update User Interface based on changing needs and requirements. Work Experience UI Developer ExxonMobil - Tampa, FL October 2017 to Present Responsibilities:  • Worked with Agile software lifecycle methodologies. Created design documents, performed coding, debugging and testing.  • Developed functions in JavaScript and used J Query events in front end development.  • Actively Participated in Team Meetings, frequently communicated with Business Analysts to clarify the business requirements.  • Involved in requirement gathering, designing, development, UI reviews, and maintenance.  • Created form pages for a Service project using J Query, HTML 5, SASS. Also used plugins to customize the features on the page.  • Created Front- end Application using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Type Script, Angular 2 and Bootstrap.  • Implemented Single page application using Angular 2.  • Developed non-functional HTML, CSS pages from the mockups and involved in UI review with UI architect and Business Units.  • Performed error validations on form pages using JavaScript.  • Used ADA Compliance tools to make sure the HTML and CSS and Compliant with ADA.  • Used Handlebar JS to integrate backend data on the front end in the HTML.  • Extensively used BOOTSTRAP and SASS for responsive web design.  • Moved existing Angular JS controllers and services to Angular 2 components for more responsive and less dependency.  • Enhanced legacy application by building new components in Angular 2 and typescript.  • Created reusable templates using Angular directives and worked with NPM package manager tools (Node JS)  • Created Typescript reusable components and services to consume REST API's using Component based architecture provided by Angular 2.  • Implemented Angular 2 component router for navigation.  • Updated the application with new features of Angular 4.  • Worked with Angular 2 directives, components, and pipes, injectable.  • Knowledge on implementing Angular 5 in the application.  • Implemented Http Client module from Angular 5.  • Used Selectors, Events, AJAX and Dom Manipulation using components in Angular 2 for updating content on DOM nodes.  • Setup Jasmine for UNIT and Functional Testing of JavaScript.  • Performed DOM operations for loading and manipulating dynamic content on Web Pages.  • Designed responsive UI to work on cross browser and multi devices.    Environment: JavaScript, J Query, HTML 5, CSS3, Bootstrap, Angular 2/4/5, Gulp TFS, Visual Studio, Handlebar JS, Agile Methodology, Node js Server. UI Developer ACT, Act Drive, IA January 2017 to October 2017 Responsibilities:  • Analyzing the existing programs, gather reporting requirements, and prioritize the deliverables based on customer requirements.  • Also created custom directives for reusable components used across the application.  • Created a complete single page user interface using the test-driven development methodology.  • Implemented Angular JS Controllers to maintain each view data. Implemented Angular Service calls using Angular Factory.  • Worked with Angular JS controller to implement the business logic and add behavior to $scope.  • Developed Angular JS Filters in the view templates for the text manipulation.  • Worked with Angular JS factory and built promises/deferred objects to monitor asynchronous service calls though dependency injection.  • Achieved Angular JS functionalities using angular materials and bootstrap material design.  • Proficiently used custom Angular JS Filters for formatting the data and custom Directives to render the data.  • Made the application responsive using Bootstrap and CSS Media Queries.  • Responsible for checking cross browser compatibility issues and hence worked on different browsers like Google chrome, Internet explorer, Firefox and safari.  • Extensive experience with Angular JS, creating custom directives, decorators, and services to interface with both Restful and legacy network services.  • Evaluated the upcoming Angular2 conversion requirements as well as Typescript.  • Used Jasmine and Karma as unit testing tools for debugging and software quality insurance.  • Experience in making Responsive web pages (RWD) using Twitter Bootstrap and media queries.  • Worked with Bootstrap for compiling CSS, REST API, JavaScript and building the System with the convenient methods with Angular JS.  • Deployed and tested the application using Web logic application server.  • Created single page application using HTML, CSS and JavaScript.  • Worked on code organization, optimization and tested code across multiple browsers  • Tested the web page on multiple browsers before pushing the code to production Implemented JSON parsing for data handling on different application.  • Worked on upgrading the Bing Maps from V7 to V8.  • Involved in Agile process, two-week Sprints, and daily Scrums to discuss the development of the application.  • Co-ordinate with QA for testing, Production releases, Application deployment and integration.  • Used Angular JS and groovy as the development framework to build a web-page.  • Maintained SEO friendly URLs using Angular-UI router for routing to SEO friendly views and custom angular URLs.  • Involved in developing Front End Programming for Web applications.    Environment: HTML 5, CSS3, AJAX, JavaScript, media queries, GIT, SVN, AngularJS1.4, AngularJS2.0, Gulp, Jenkins, Jasmine, Agile Methodology, Karma, Node js Server. UI Developer J.G Wentworth Danville, CT April 2014 to December 2016 Responsibilities:  • Used client-side scripting languages such as JavaScript and j Query.  • Worked in a 5 layering structured team environment to develop, enhance & support web-based  • Developed securing the application using form-based authentication using HTML, JavaScript, jQuery and CSS.  • UI development with technologies like HTML 5, Angular JS and j Query.  • Designed and Developed Web application using CSS pre-processors.  • Developed internal application using Angular JS and Node.JS connecting to Oracle on the backend.  • Involved in the configuration management using GIT  • Created Node.js middleware application server to encapsulate modern JS widget framework and control set.  • Using Jasmine to unit test Angular Code, Grunt to minify & bundle code.  • Designed CSS3 based web pages which were cross-browser compatible.  • Experience in making Responsive web pages (RWD) using Twitter Bootstrap and media queries.  • Employee data maintenance: Load large scale data into several tables using UNIX Korn shell script and Perl script.  • Worked with Bootstrap for compiling CSS, REST API, React JS, JavaScript, Typescript and building the System with the convenient methods with Angular JS.  • Deployed and tested the application using Web logic application server.  • Designed mockups, GUI layouts by using HTML, DHTML, XHTML, XML, CSS and JavaScript.  • Developed designs in securing the application using form-based authentication using HTML, XHTML, JavaScript, j Query and CSS.  • Implemented XML parsing and JSON parsing for data handling on different application.  • Handled all aspects of the web application including maintaining, testing, debugging, deploying and printing.  • Practical exposure and/or experience with some j Query, JSON, AJAX  • Provided a solid solution for business rules management through its built-in repository and useful tools using Log's J Rules.  • Used Angular JS and groovy as the development framework to build a web-page.  • Maintained SEO friendly URLs using Angular-UI router for routing to SEO friendly views and custom angular URLs.  • Involved in Unit Testing with Jasmine & Karma.  • Modified the UI screens created by web designer using HTML, JSP, CSS, and JavaScript.  • Performed Client-side validation using JavaScript.  • Involved in developing Front End Programming for Web applications.  • Designed and Developed front- end UI using HTML5, CSS3, JAVASCRIPT, JQUERY.    Environment: HTML 5, CSS3, AJAX, JavaScript, media queries, GIT, Web Logic 10.3, j Query, SVN, Angular JS. UI Developer BCBS - Dallas, TX June 2012 to March 2014 Responsibilities:  • Implemented the Drag and Drop functionality using j Query framework.  • Used jQuery plug-ins for Drag-and-Drop, Widgets, Menus, User Interface and Forms.  • Involved in developing HTML and JavaScript for client-side presentation and, data validation within the forms.  • Developed time sensitive and important review/comments sections with Angular.js.  • Created mockups and wireframes for a new website.  • Developed Date Time Picker using Object Oriented JavaScript extensively.  • Designed PDF, Excel and Print previews for all the reports in the application using HTML, JavaScript and SQL Stored Procedure.  • Used Angular JS in effective web design.  • Maintain, enhance, and recommend solutions that best suit business and technology needs from UI standpoint.  • Involved in various test and production environments, also worked on upgrading different versions of Web Logic.  • Designed and developed various Screens using JSP, JavaScript, HTML, and CSS.  • Involved in writing application level code to perform client-side validation using JQUERY and JavaScript.  • Developed database connection and SQL Queries to create dynamic content on web pages.  • Successfully executed all the test cases and fixed any bugs/issues identified during the test.  • Implemented Presentation layer using CSS Framework, Angular JS, Wire-framing, and HTML.  • Developed cross-browser compatible website using HTML, CSS, MySQL and j Query  • Closely worked with business system analyst to understand the requirements to ensure that right set of UI modules been built.  • Installed and configured plug-ins for Apache HTTP server and Sun One Web server to proxy the request for Web Logic server.  • Used Angular JS framework for building web-apps and is highly efficient with PHP framework  • Developed client-side AJAX application that uses XSLT, X Path, JavaScript OOP, and more Bind objects and retrieve them via JNDI interface.  • Created XHTML Pages with CSS and the Box Model.  • Using advanced level of JQUERY, AJAX, JavaScript, CSS and pure CSS layouts.  • Used j Query core library functions for the logical implementation part at client side for all the applications.    Environment: Java script, HTML, CSS j Query, DHTML, SQL, Web Logic 8.x, Angular JS, Groovy & Grails, Node.JS, Ajax. UI Developer Scripps Networks Interactive Dallas TX - Dallas, TX May 2011 to June 2012 Description: Electronic Parts Catalog is an e Commerce General Motors project which is a leading global innovator, manufacturer and marketer of tools, diagnostics and equipment solutions for professional users. Product lines include hand and power tools, tool storage, diagnostics software, information and management systems, shop equipment and other solutions for vehicle manufacturers, dealerships and repair centers, as well as customers in industry, government, agriculture and construction. The Electronic Parts Catalog-General Motors North America application provides features such as retrieving and displaying the vehicle information by entering the Vehicle Information Identification number (VIN), retrieving and displaying the part and pricing history information and purchasing different vehicle parts by navigating to different catalogs based on make, year and model.    Responsibilities:  • Built pages using JavaScript, j Query, CSS, HTML and Angular JS.  • Experience on working with CSS Background, CSS Layouts, CSS positioning, CSS text, CSS border, CSS margin, CSS padding, CSS table, Pseudo classes, Pseudo elements and CSS behaviors in CSS.  • Understanding of application development lifecycle methodologies.  • Strong communication, analytical and interpersonal skills working within cross-functional teams  • Deep understanding of JavaScript and the j Query framework.  • Followed MVC Structure to develop Application.  • Built the Responsive UI screen using HTML, CSS and twitter Bootstrap.  • Created and optimized graphic prototype websites and applications interfaces using HTML and CSS.  • Involved in write application level code to interact with APIs, Web Services using AJAX, JSON and XML.  • Implemented and designed user interface for web based customer application.  • Designed business applications using web technologies like HTML, XHTML, and CSS based on the W3C standards.  • Developed data formatted web applications and deploy the script using client-side scripting using JavaScript.  • Used Eclipse IDE as development environment to design, develop and deploy spring components on Web Logic.  • Used SVN as source code repository and versioning.  • Thorough understanding of the differences and bugs in various browsers and browser versions.  • Worked on Cross-Browser compatibility and fixed the bugs for several browsers.  • Created cross-browser compatible and standards-compliant CSS-based page layouts.  • Integrated with back end code (PHP) for highly interactive AJAX based applications.  • Excellent problem-solving skills and the ability to work independently.    Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQUERY, AJAX, JSON, XML, Web Logic, XHTML, Angular JS, ECLIPSE, Web Logic, 9.x, SVN, MVC, MYSQL. Front- End Developer Bank of the West, SFO, CA August 2010 to May 2011 Description: Centrifuge Systems provides interactive analytics technology for analysts to explore and share data through collaborative analysis.    Responsibilities:  • Actively participated in day-to-day meeting, status meeting, strong reporting and effective communication with project manager.  • Writing SQL queries to insert, update database. Used JDBC to invoke Stored Procedures.  • Worked closely with the programmers for project requirement analysis.  • Involved UI panels using JSF, HTML, XHTML, JAVASCRIPT, CSS, DOJO and J-Query.  • Designed the front end using Java Applets and Swing, as well as JSP.  • Worked on Web/User Interface development using HTML, XHTML, DHTML, CSS3, AJAX and JavaScript.  • Responsible for the match feed, profile, data model, UI/UX, and matching algorithm.  • Implemented J2EE Design Patterns like MVC, Service Locator, Session Facade and the persistence layer using Hibernate-ORM.  • Developed the front- end UI using JSP, HTML, JavaScript, and CSS.  • Worked on server-side implementation using spring core, spring annotations navigation from presentation to other layers using Spring MVC and integrated spring with Hibernate using Hibernate template to implement persistent layer.  • Edited web pages for achieving design goals with CSS3, JavaScript and J-Query.  • Involved in writing SOAP and HTTP based WSDL using XML Schema.  Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, J-Query, XML, J2EE, Apache Tomcat, Eclipse, Oracle, Tortoise SVN. Education Master's in Software Engineering in Software Engineering Stratford University 2011 Bachelors in Electronics and Communication Engineering in Electronics and Communication Engineering JNTU 2009 Skills VISUAL STUDIO, JAVASCRIPT, BOOTSTRAP, JSON, XML