Front End Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End Developer Portland, OR I am the front end developer for Protalus, an e-commerce company located in West Linn, OR. On a daily basis I code responsive pages to meet the web designer's specifications using JavaScript, SCSS, HTML5, and Liquid. I often work in Photoshop, InVision, Google Optimize, Trello, GitHub, and Beanstalk to complete my tasks. It is a fast-paced environment with a small team and communication is key. Beyond my role as a front end developer, I also draw on my background as a teacher to write the emotional intelligence curriculum for the students in Protalus's outreach program in Nepal. Prior to working for Protalus, I spent time taking on contracts as a freelancer, working with Angular2, Django, Backpack for Laravel, WordPress, and a variety of plugins. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Front End Developer Protalus Inc. - West Linn, OR April 2018 to Present I am the front end developer for Protalus, an e-commerce company using the Shopify platform. On a daily basis I use HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, SCSS, GitHub, Grunt, Liquid (for Shopify), Photoshop, InVision, and more to code pixel perfect, responsive pages that match the designs provided by the web designer. I also work with the e-commerce team as a whole to discuss opportunities for SEO, speed updates, A/B testing, and marketing opportunities in the page design. Front End Developer Self - Employed - Portland, OR January 2017 to April 2018 I worked on contract for Launch Gate Solutions using JavaScript, Angular2, TypeScript, CSS and HTML to develop wealth management calculators. Executive Coach INSIDETRACK INC September 2013 to September 2016 As an Executive Coach I worked with students enrolled in higher education programs to help them  create plans for academic success. In this role I not only worked directly with students but also managed  data in Salesforce, met with university clients, became certified in InsideTrack's Project Management  Program, and worked with the product development team on the uCoach data console and mobile app. Teacher August 2010 to July 2013 In this role I instructed students in a life skills curriculum based on their individual education needs. I also managed classroom staff, completed paperwork for special education eligibility, wrote and case- managed IEP documents, conducted functional behavior assessments, carried out delegated nursing  protocols, administered standardized tests, and maintained communication between parents,  administrators, support staff, and medical staff. Education Certificate of Completion in Software Development THE TECH ACADEMY - Portland, OR September 2016 to Present Endorsement UNIVERSITY OF PORTLAND January 2011 to December 2011 Early Childhood and Elementary Education PORTLAND STATE UNIVERSITY June 2008 to June 2010 WEST CHESTER UNIVERSITY August 1999 to May 2003 Education, Social Studies BSEd in Secondary Skills HTML 5 (3 years), CSS3 (3 years), TypeScript (1 year), JavaScript (3 years), Angular2 (1 year), Shopify (1 year), jQuery (3 years), BootStrap (3 years), PhotoShop (2 years), InVision (2 years), Git (3 years), Trello (3 years), SCSS (2 years), Front End, Front-End, Angular, UI Links http://www.annaheston.com