Sr. Full Stack UI Developer Sr. Full Stack UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> Sr. Full Stack UI Developer - Northwestern Mutual Milwaukee, WI Over 9+ years of professional experience in development of web applications as a Full Stack UI Developer expertise with all phases of the development cycle for top-notch applications, using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Bootstrap, Angular, Angular 2, Angular 4, react js and jQuery, Node.JS, AJAX, JSON.  • Worked on Single Page Web Applications using Javascript frameworks like Angular JS, Angular 2, Angular 4/5.  • Experience with designing and developing web Applications using Java/J2EE.  • Have working knowledge in entire Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) including Requirement Analysis, Design, Development, Testing, Implementation, Documentation and Support of software application using Java/J2EE, Struts, Hibernate, Spring Technologies (core, Spring AOP and Data Access in Spring)  • Expertise on J2EE technologies namely spring, Servlets, JSP, JDBC, JNDI and MVC Architectures.  • Experience in Java API for XML Web Services (JAX-WS) and Java API for RESTful Web Services (JAX-RS). Experience developing SOA based application with RESTful and SOAP web services.  • Experienced in using Front End editors like Eclipse, Adobe Dreamweaver, and Edit Plus, JS fiddle, Web Storm, Sublime text and Brackets. Also have experience in Apache Camel.  • Having knowledge on C and C++ with Embedded Programming skills.  • Involved in the creation of interface to manage user menu and Bulk update of Attributes using Node.JS, Gulp (Task Runner) and JQuery.  • Building and testing knowledge of user-facing code using tools like Vue.js, Vuex, and Webpack.  • Worked on Cross Browser compatibility issues on different browsers like Safari, Firefox, Google chrome and Internet explorer.  • Used the best practices of SDLC as well as Agile/SCRUM methodology.  • Worked with frontend build environment of Grunt, Node JS and GIT version control system.  • Knowledge with RDMS concepts like writing SQL queries. Functions, Stored procedures and PL/SQL Packages.  • Having knowledge on SQL & PL/SQL (Packages, Views, Stored Procedures, Functions, Sequences, files and Triggers).  • Hands on experience with installation and configuration of MySQL in a multi-master environment.  • Have knowledge on Docker, used in deployment, testing and web development.  • Knowledge of various MongoDB libraries and APIs for different programming languages and platforms (specifically Java)  • Understanding of AJAX and Javascript Dom manipulation techniques. Experience with RESTful Services.  • Ability to learn, creates, and adapt to ever changing e-commerce activities. Work Experience Sr. Full Stack UI Developer Northwestern Mutual - Milwaukee, WI September 2017 to Present Responsibilities:  • Provide a secure and seamless authentication experience to applications for Northwestern Mutual using token management, JWT, OAuth2, OpenID Connect concepts.  • Enhance Active Directory Authentication Library for JavaScript (ADAL JS) which helps to use Azure AD for handling authentication in single page applications (ReactJS, AngularJS).  • Implemented JWT validation service in NodeJS which helps to validate JWT tokens for applications hosted in Azure and AWS.  • Automated Azure application Registration process by using Microsoft Graph API end points and developed a web app using ReactJS with user friendly interface for registering apps in Azure.  • Worked on implementing WID selection screen to differentiate login experience for Field and Home office users using ReactJS.  • Developed single page applications and Micro services, using NodeJS and React libraries and Manage continuous integration and deployment for microservices in the AWS platform using (Kubernetes Cluster, Docker, Nginx Proxy, Nexus, Jenkins and GitLab).  • Supported various web applications based on specified responsive design with integration of security, Single sign-on (SSO), authentication and Role based authorization with implantation of an URL Routing.  • Used Microsoft Azure platform for the building, managing applications and deploying web applications.  • Participate in code reviews to ensure code meets best standards, best practices and guidelines.  • Participate in the technical review of project deliverables including requirement specifications, functional designs, technical designs and other project documentation (internal wiki pages) to ensure the testability of requirements.  • Responsible in writing unit test using Mocha, Jasmine, AVA.  • Support building of proof of concepts during high level design.  • Used Agile Scrum Methodology as the development process for the project implementation.    Environment: NodeJS, ReactJS, AngularJS, JWT, OAuth, OpenID Connect, Kubernetes Cluster, Docker, Nginx Proxy, Nexus, Jenkins, Git, GitLab, Kibana, and Agile (Scrum). Front End Developer ATT - Seattle, WA August 2015 to June 2017 Responsibilities:  • Working as Front End Developer on multiple customer facing CMS basedweb applications  • Developed reusable components using React JS, used Glamor for CSS in JSmaking the components efficiently reusable  • Maintained states in the stores and dispatched the actions using Redux to pass data between components  • Developed React/Redux code using functional programming best practices to enable efficient pure functions  • Created and used Reducers that received said Actions to modify the Store State Tree  • Maintained states in the stores and dispatched the actions using Redux  • Use of JSX in the React components for cleaner HTML like structure inside JavaScript. For build of JSX and ES2015(ES6) used Babel, webpack  • Used axios library promise based API to asynchronously intercept and make RESTAPI calls to Mongo DB  • Used different Component life-cycles for API calls and various aspects of component rendering and unmount the components  • Used props and states to manage data of a component and maintain pure render  • Snap shot testing components and unit testing functions with Jest and enzyme  • Creating Responsive, Reusable and 508c complaint components using Free Marker Templates in Crafter  • Creating and modifying JSP's to render Responsive and Interactive web pages in Spring Environment  • Coordination with the server side developers in the process of building theRESTful API  • Creating JSP Templates for forums and blogs, developing and configuringWordPress themes  • Creating User Interactive flows likes Join Now, Registration and Account update involving Cookie, Local, Session storages  • Created various Crafter form components involving real time validations such as Scavenger Hunt  • Working on Crafter components to give ability to assign roles to content  • Assisting clients in accessibility project planning, establishing and administering accessibility testing programs, and remediating accessibility issues to ensure compliance with W3C Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG 2.0) and Section 508c, ADA accessibility standard  • Creating and updating JSP pages and Crafter components to ensure 508ccompliance and testing on various devices and tools such as JAWS, NVDA, FireEye, Dragon, ZoomText  • Active participation in major Deployments and scheduled weekly Releasesand Bug bashes    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, React JS, Redux, Redux Thunk, Jest, Ezyme, Free Marker Template Language (FTL), Bootstrap, Crafter, GitHub, Alfresco, UI Developer Evolent Health - Arlington, VA March 2014 to July 2015 Responsibilities:  • Review the requirement and analyze the impact.  • Involved in various phases of project development following Agile  • Developed presentation layer using Struts tag libraries like logic, bean, html etc. in JSP pages.  • Used JQuery, JavaScript, CSS3 and Bootstrap to improve user experience.  • Developed Page layouts, Navigations and presented designs and concepts to the clients and the management to review.  • Developed the application for responsive to different screen resolutions using Bootstrap and CSS media queries  • Wrote extensive HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript code to build dynamic pages using Eclipse  • Worked on JQuery Events for manipulation of events and JQuery plugins for menus and Widgets  • Actively involved in all aspects of the system design  • Used AJAX and JSON to make asynchronous calls to the project server to fetch data on the fly  • Worked with Angular JS for creating own HTML elements Angular directives.  • Developed customized Angular services to make AJAX calls to Restful webservices.  • Extensively used Angular filters to present data on the client-side.  • Used Spring JDBC to interact with Oracle.  • Implemented SOAP web service to download csv files from remote server. Created WSDL, client STUBS and Server Side code  • Used SOAPUI for testing the web service.  • Used ANT automated build scripts to compile and package the application.  • Using JIRA as a project tracking tool.  • Used Crucible as code review tool    Environment: Struts, spring, JSP, Servlet, XML, Angular JS, JavaScript, JQuery, HTML, JBOSS Server, AJAX, SOAP. UI Developer Frontier Communications - Everett, WA May 2013 to January 2014 Responsibilities:  • Developed the User Interactive web application in a professional manner with using web technologies like HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, Less, JavaScript and Angular.JS, as per company's standards. Developed client side validation code using Angular.js.  • Implemented design process upon client approval and built out all assets: buttons, products shots, UI components etc and part of a team which designed and developed the layouts of Customer Relations Module.  • Front End UI developer with solid understanding of database designing, development, JavaScript Libraries and installation of different modules.  • Experience in Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC), application design, functional and technical specs, and use case development using UML.  • Enhancement of existing application utilizing JSP, Created HTML navigation menu that is role based menu items changes dynamically, derived from the database in the form of XML.  • Worked with the team of architects and back- end Developers to gather requirements and enhance the application functionality and add new features. Developed and Implemented Web Services and used Spring Framework.  • Working with business system analyst to understand the requirements to ensure that right set of UI modules been built.  • Converted wireframes into functional CSS3, HTML5 and JavaScript code.  • Executed all visual design stages from concept to implementation working closely with the web developers    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, AJAX, DOM, JSON, AngularJS, Agile methodology, Bootstrap. UI Developer VISA Inc - Austin, TX February 2012 to March 2013 Responsibilities:  • Involved in writing web application programs covering front- end / UI jQuery and AJAX for building rich user friendly, high performance web applications.  • Worked on CSS Background, CSS Positioning, CSS Text, CSS Border, CSS Margin, CSS Padding, CSS Table, CSS Sprites, Pseudo Classes, and Pseudo Elements  • Worked with web designers and involved in creating mockups/wireframes, user flows and storyboards Adept in handling web effects and responses with jQuery, HTML and CSS.  • Ability to apply W3C web standards with great skills in achieving the best cross-browser user experience for sake of long-term user retention and engagement  • Developed applications in both LAMP and WAMP platform  • Used various tools and IDEs for development and design like WebStorm, Eclipse and Visual Studio  • Experienced in working with Single Page Application (SPA) architecture  • Involved in Development, Implementation and testing in various application architectures, including E-Commerce, Banking, B2B, Distributed Applications, Internet /Intranet and in developing web pages complying with Web Content.  • Developed web applications for Electronic payments and services that make easier for customers to pay for online purchases using Visa Debit or Credit cards.  • Accessibility Guidelines(WCAG) and ability to apply W3C web standards  • Used various patterns and GRIDS with Adobe Photoshop.  • Worked with CVS and SVN for software configuration.    Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, AJAX, DOM, JSON, AngularJS, Agile methodology. Front End UI Developer Omega Healthcare Management Service January 2010 to January 2012 Responsibilities:  • Worked on Angular practices and commonly used modules.  • Expert in the modern JavaScript MV-VM/MVC frameworks.  • Created self-contained, reusable, and testable modules and components.  • Ensuring a clear dependency chain, in regard to the app logic as well as the file system.  • Worked on CSS and JS methods for providing performant visual effects, platform, database, API, caching layer and other web services used in the system.  • Validated user actions on the client side and providing responsive feedback.  • Wrote non-blocking code, and resorting to advanced techniques such as multi-threading, when needed.  • Created custom, general use modules and components which extend the elements and modules of core Angular.    Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, AngularJS, Bootstrap, XML, JSON, DOM, jQuery. Education Bachelor's Skills .NET (1 year), AJAX (3 years), Apache (Less than 1 year), Bootstrap (6 years), CSS (6 years), database (2 years), Eclipse (2 years), Frameworks (Less than 1 year), Git (1 year), GRAPHICAL USER INTERFACE (Less than 1 year), GUI (Less than 1 year), HTML (7 years), JavaScript (8 years), JIRA (1 year), JQuery (5 years), Subversion (1 year), SVN (1 year), testing (4 years), Visual Studio (1 year), XML (4 years) Additional Information Technical Summary:    Web Technologies: HTML 4.0/5, CSS, JavaScript, Typescript, Bootstrap, jQuery, CSS3 Preprocessors (LESS, SAAS), XML, AJAX.  Testing & Debugging Tools: Karma, Jasmine, Protractor, Fire Bug, Developer Tools.    Methodologies: Agile, Jira, scrum    Web Servers: Web Logic, Apache Tomcat, IIS 5.0, 6.0, 7.0  JavaScript Frameworks: Angular JS, Angular 2.x, Angular 4.x, Node JS, D3 JS, React JS, RXJS.  Database: My SQL, Mongo DB, SQL server.    Operating Systems: Windows 2000/XP/Vista/7/8/10, Mac, UNIX, Linux.  Version Control: Git, SVN.  IDE's: Visual Studio, NetBeans, Eclipse.  GUI Editors: Notepad ++, Sublime Text, Visual Studio Code  Task Runners: Gulp, Grunt, Web pack