Front End Web Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> Web <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End Web Developer - American Council on Exercise Escondido, CA Work Experience Front End Web Developer American Council on Exercise - San Diego, CA February 2017 to Present My current position involves working closely with both software engineers and marketing managers to develop elegant, intuitive user interfaces for both our client-facing web application and internal management tools. All development tasks with front- end implications fall under my purview and are carefully examined to ensure code quality and usability. My development tasks primarily involve the use of HTML5, Sass, Javascript, jQuery, React with Typescript, C#, and Razor syntax. Development tools include Gulp, Babel, Webpack, Visual Studio, VS Code, Atom, NodeJS, and various command line tools. Front End Web Developer GreatCall - San Diego, CA October 2016 to February 2017 With a focus on front end web technologies, my primary responsibilities included building landing pages, updating site content, templating, API integration, code optimization, advising project managers on their technical needs, and related tasks. Development workflow revolved around ASP.Net MVC Web Applications written in C#, along with client-facing JavaScript solutions. Front End Web Developer Brandetize LLC - San Diego, CA November 2015 to October 2016 My day to day tasks included building landing pages, creating and modifying Wordpress themes, building HTML email templates, and various front- end tasks. I worked with a team of five developers to create and manage web assets for our clients, some of whom were Brian Tracy, Jack Canfield and Phil Town. Working with these high profile personalities helped me gain a greater understanding and appreciation for well-executed project strategies. Web Content Specialist Sports Giant LLC - Carlsbad, CA March 2010 to November 2015 In a constantly evolving role, I created and managed web pages, generating SEO-rich content for e-commerce site HockeyGiant.com, helped design, code and debug HTML email templates for promotional purposes, and maintained large databases of product-related data. In addition, I worked both with teams and individually to devise marketing strategies for email campaigns, branding initiatives, web site redesigns, application development and improvement of daily operational processes. I also hosted a series of video product reviews and wrote blogs featuring products from major manufacturers such as Reebok, Bauer, CCM, Warrior and others. Skills Front End, Javascript, Front-End, CSS3, UI, React, Bootstrap, Sass, Scss, JQuery, ES6, HTML 5, C#, MySQL, Wordpress, PHP, Git, Gulp, Grunt, MVC, Responsive Design, Webpack, Babel, CLI, Atom, Visual Studio