Front End Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End Developer - West Corporation Alpharetta, GA • Over 5+ years of experience in web applications and software development, UI/UX design and development with technologies: Angular, ReactJS, Typescript, JavaScript, HTML/5, CSS/3, Bootstrap, Node.js, MongoDB, JSON and APIs.  • Well experienced in developing enterprise web applications using Front End Development frameworks and libraries like Angular 2/4/5/6/7, ReactJS, RxJS, HTML/5, JavaScript, TypeScript, CSS/3, Bootstrap/4, JSON, Java.  • Proficient in JavaScript libraries like jQuery and adept to use event handling, DOM manipulations, Ajax calls.  • Well versed working with angular Custom directives, Forms, Modules, Dependency Injection, Ng-Rx, Angular material, Bootstrapping, Animations, Http calls, Routing, Subjects, Observables.  • Well skilled to generate JSON formatted data using technologies like SQL, STS, Postman, Maven dependencies and Sprint Data JPA. Also comfortable in generating JSON formatted data in Mongo Atlas using Node.js, MongoDB, Mongoose.  • Capable to develop XML and JSON formatted data using SOAP and REST web services for SPA applications like Angular.  • Experienced to implement SDLC methodologies and process frameworks like Agile (Scrum) and Waterfall.  • Experience in design, development and deployment of web-based Client business applications using Angular, ReactJS.  • Skilled in unit testing of Angular applications using Jasmine and Karma and also well versed in browser debugging, code refactoring using Augury, Postman.  • Comfortable using version control systems like Git, SVN and repositories like GitHub.  • Adaptative to work with Responsive Web Designing (RWD) principle, Media Query, mobile first strategy, Angular/CSS Grid, Flexbox and so on.  • Knowledgeable in using DevOps principles like CI/CD, also the technologies like Jenkins and extensions like Docker.  • Expertise in design with Use Case, Sequence diagrams, Activity diagrams, Class diagrams with exposure to UML.  • Experienced working with RDBMS like MySQL, Oracle and NoSQL databases like MongoDB.  • Experience in working with JSON web server, performed CRUD operations for the frontend application prototype and mockups.  • Experience applying the latest software development approaches including MVC, event - driven applications using JavaScript, TypeScript, JSON and XML.  • Experience in creating user flows, wireframes, mockups and prototypes to improve the user experience in website and web app.  • Strong problem-solving, organizing, communication and planning skills, with ability to work in team environment. Work Experience Front End Developer West Corporation - Omaha, NE January 2019 to Present West Corporation is a private telecommunications services provider based in Omaha, Nebraska. It develops technology enabled communications. I was part of a front- end development project of intranet web application development for the company.  Responsibilities:  • Participated in the development of an Employee User Portal application where the development took place in Angular Framework.  • Participated in the development of various components that were developed using HTML/5, CSS/3, Angular/6, TypeScript, JavaScript.  • Developed the login page using Angular Forms, applied CSS/3, bootstrap/4 for a UI enhancement.  • Successfully performed communication between different components using Services, Observables.  • Involved in writing, maintaining the SQL queries for the database of the application.  • Worked on Responsive Web Designing (RWD) principle using Bootstrap/4 and CSS/3 for the application to be device compatible.  • Worked on Services, Dependency Injections, Observables, Forms, Routing, Forms, Modules, Custom Directives, and the like.  • Worked with the backend team as well to integrate the front- end and the backend of the application.  • Worked on the User Portal to perform the CRUD operations where the employees could login, view, update and delete the details.  • Used Angular and Spring Boot RESTful API Web Services and consumed the RESTful API to the angular application using CRUD operations.  • Used JIRA for bug tracking, issue tracking, and project management purpose.  • Involved in the Daily Scrum meetings for the Agile Development Process.  Environment: Angular, HTML, TypeScript, JavaScript, CSS, jQuery and Spring Boot Web Services. Front End Engineer Hayneedle - Omaha, NE January 2018 to July 2018 Hayneedle is an online retail company. It is a leading online home furnishings and decor retailer based on Omaha, Nebraska. The business wanted to develop UI rich web application for its digital transformation project. Involved in development of web application for its own.  Responsibilities:  • Developed a Front- end Webpage application, where the development took place in Angular and ReactJS.  • Designed and developed Web pages using HTML/5, CSS/3, JavaScript, Angular, Typescript, ReactJS, Angular-react/fabric and the like.  • Extensively used JavaScript for implementing various GUI components, custom client-side validation, DOM manipulations using querySelectors(), EventListner(), appendChild(), set/getAttribute() and so on.  • Developed page layouts, Used JavaScript DOM manipulation and JavaScript events to generate the data result in UI.  • Worked on jQuery to make dropdown menus on web pages upon user request.  • Handled all aspects of the web application including maintaining, testing, debugging and deploying  • Used Node.js to develop RESTful web API using MongoDB. Developed and consumed RESTful web services into the angular application to demonstrate the CRUD operation works perfectly.  • Implemented client-side Interface using Angular.  • Developed User Interface Web Forms using CSS/3 and JavaScript.  • Used jQuery plugins for Drag-and-Drop, Widgets, Menus, User Interface.  • Involved in various technical and architectural design discussions with back- end teams as well as front- end team to integrate both.  • Participated in browser debugging, UNIT testing using Jasmine in eliminating the bugs, errors.  • Participated in the Daily Scrum meetings to review, discuss, the process and the problems involved in the project development.  Environment: Angular, ReactJS, HTML, JavaScript, CSS, jQuery and Nodejs. Front End Developer May 2013 to July 2017 Exceed Management, India May 2013 -July 2017  Exceed Management works towards generating business value to companies by providing expertise personnel. They provide services that support business strategies and facilitate improvements for customers in select verticals.  Front End Developer:  Project 1: Report Management and Approval System: June 2016-July 2017  Responsibilities:  • Developed the frontend user interface using Angular for a report management and approval system.  • Developed the UI component architecture for the application where the development was carried out following Agile-Scrum methodology.  • Developed the application using Angular, Angular-UI, HTML, Bootstrap, CSS and JavaScript.  • Developed Angular services, controllers and crated models for two-way data binding.  • Developed the user Interface using Angular UI components such as tabs, grids, dropdowns and configured the routing service using Angular router.  • Involved in developing Angular directives to do reusable UI components.  • Used Angular Http services to display the content on the browser and took part in creating custom reusable components.  • Implemented forms, routing and navigation for the development.  • Involved in developing the complete user interface for the entire website using HTML/5, CSS/3 and JavaScript, jQuery, JSON, STS.  • Used JavaScript for front end user input validations and Restful webservice calls.    Environment: Agile-Scrum, Angular, HTML/5, TypeScript, JavaScript, CSS/3, jQuery, JSON, Spring Tool Suite (STS), Bootstrapping. Application Developer August 2015 to June 2016 Responsibilities:  • Developed a fitness mobile application using Java and IntelliJ Android Studio for tracking weight.  • Used Android Studio IDE, integrated SQLite database, used MVC architecture.  • Developed user-friendly GUI, Style themes from the scratch.  • Used User authentication, user session, handling, used camera services, calendar APIs etc.  • Developed the application in Agile-Scrum methodology.  • Worked with the team in the developmental phases like requirements gathering, designing, implementation, testing.  • Attended the daily Scrum meetings to discuss the daily goals, challenges faced etc.  • Prototype for the application was developed first using Marvel.  • Performed thorough unit and integration testing to ensure the requirements were met.  • Stored data in SQLite database and Integrated SQL queries in code to retrieve the results.    Environment: Java, SQLite database, Oracle DB, HTML, JavaScript, CSS. Technical Support Associate May 2013 to July 2015 Responsibilities:  • As a Technical Support, helped customers resolve their technical issues with the internet.  • Troubleshot and resolved complex technical and escalated customer issues.  • Identified, corrected and advised on the operational issues related to client applications and platforms.  • Guided customers through a series of actions, either over the phone or screen sharing, to help resolve technical issues or setup anti-virus.  • Provide support, including procedural documentation and relevant reports regarding the technical issues faced.  • Analyzed different case studies and gained telecom domain and client platform knowledge.  Master's in Computer Information Systems | Nebraska, USA Education Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science Engineering in Computer Science Engineering Bellevue University Skills Git, Html, Javascript, Mongoose, Reactjs, Typescript, Jenkins, Visio, Css, Sharepoint, Java, Spring, Mysql, Oracle, Sass, Jira, Mongodb, Rational, Rational rose, Uml Additional Information Technical skills:  Programming Languages/Frameworks/Tool &Technologies:  Angular 2/4/5/6/7, HTML/5, CSS/3(Grid, Flexbox), JavaScript, ECMAScript/ES6, TypeScript, Nodejs, Spring Tool Suite (STS), ReactJS/Axios, Java, CI/CD, Jenkins, Express.js, Maven, Git, GitHub, SASS/SCSS, Mongoose.    Databases: MySQL, Oracle, MongoDB.  UML Tools: Rational Rose, MS Visio, Draw.io  Operating Systems: Windows, Mac OS x, Unix, Linux.  Methodologies: Waterfall, Agile (SCRUM, Kanban).  Project management tools: JIRA/Confluence, SharePoint.