Sr. Front End/UI Developer Sr. <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span>/UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> Sr. Front End/UI Developer - Selective Insurance Co Irving, TX Sr. UI, Frontend, Web Developer Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr. Front End/UI Developer Selective Insurance Co - Irving, TX July 2017 to Present Roles & Responsibilities:  ? Developed CSS based page layouts that are cross-browser compatible and standards-compliant.  ? Developed HTML views with HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap and Angular JS.  ? Used JQuery for basic animation and end user screen customization purposes.  ? Developed creative intuitive user interfaces that address business and end-user needs, while considering the technical, physical and temporal constraints of the users.  ? Involved in the development of presentation layer and GUI framework using Angular JS and HTML.  ? Built different modules, controllers, templates, custom filters and directives in Angular JS.  ? Designed dynamic and browser compatible pages using HTML5, CSS3, JQuery and JavaScript.  ? Involved in rendering additional components with custom HTML tags using React.js  ? Involved in writing application level code to interact with APIs, Web Services using AJAX and Angular resources.  ? Developed code for Responsive web design in JavaScript using frameworks like Angular.js, React.js.  ? Responsible for making responsive web pages using twitter bootstrap and media queries.  ? Enhanced user experience by designing new web features using MVC Framework like Backbone.js and Node.js.  ? Used Knockout.js to simply the complex data-based for user interfaces.  ? Used groovy and spring boot to collecting the data from users and packaged the data as JSON distributed to applications.  ? Implemented Grails Services and controllers to perform actions.  ? Making changes to the existing web applications and creating new components using React.js.  ? Used CSS pre-processors (SASS).  ? Worked with Redux for maintaining the consistency to run the application in different environments (client, server, and native) which are easy to test.  ? Used Grunt for building the project.  ? Managed projects with GRUNT task runner.  ? Involved in Developer Testing, Review and Trouble shooting.  ? Developed UI tests with Protractor and Java tests in JUnit.  ? Designed and Developed automation script using Selenium Web Driver in Eclipse.  ? Used LAMP to suitable for building dynamic web sites and web applications.  ? Handled response data from RESTFUL web services using XML, JSON and JQuery to update UI Interacted with java controllers (JQuery, Ajax, and JSON to write/read data from back end systems).  ? Created GET/PUT request and response using RESTFUL web services.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, AngularJS, knockout.js, React.js, Groovy, Grails, AJAX, Responsive Web Design, Node.js, LAMP, JQuery UI, JSON, Atom, Photoshop, Flax, JavaScript, JSP, SASS, LESS, Agile methodology, GIT, Eclipse and Windows Sr. Front End/UI Developer MUFG Union Bank - Blythe, CA April 2016 to May 2017 Roles & Responsibilities:  ? Involved in Requirement gathering phase in order to gather the requirements from the business users and dealing with UX team to continuously accommodate changing user requirements.  ? Developed the front end of the application using HTML5, CSS3, SASS, JSP, JavaScript  ? Applied advanced HTML, JavaScript, and CSS to deliver cutting-edge user interfaces and components.  ? Created interactive websites and website features using JavaScript and JQuery/ JQuery UI.  ? Used Angular.js and Node.js for developing single page web applications.  ? Wrote Page level code using JavaScript with Angular.js framework along with JQUERY and other JavaScript libraries.  ? Spearheaded adoption of Responsive Web design principles.  ? Creating interactive prototypes using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript front end code from a combination of wireframes, visual designs and design standards.  ? Utilized Adobe Fireworks, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Dreamweaver and Illustrator for the front- end development such as graphics and multimedia's.  ? Converted existing websites to Responsive websites.  ? Used Jasmine to perform unit testing of custom filters, custom directives and various parts of AngularJS application.  ? Developed front- end view templates with Node.js.  ? Responsible for creating the screens with table-less designs meeting W3C standards.  ? Worked with Node.js to give a structure with rich API over a RESTful JSON interface.  ? Wrote application level code to interact with the backend databases JQUERY, AJAX and JSON.  ? Implemented Grails Services and controllers to perform actions.  ? Used Dreamweaver, Photoshop, Flex for implementing application and designing graphics and images.  ? Applied JQuery scripts for basic animation and end user screen customization purposes.  ? Involved in rendering custom HTML tags using React.js.  ? Implementing client-side Interface using React.js.  ? Worked upon the dashboard for the project which contained a variety of charts and drag gable components using JQUERY UI Library.  ? Used JQuery mainly for adding several functionalities to the application (calendar, tooltips, popover, hiding elements validation, making Ajax calls, etc  ? Used AJAX for asynchronously exchanging small amount of data with the server behind the scenes and updating the JSP page.  ? Used AJAX and JSON to make asynchronous calls to the project server to fetch data on the fly.  ? Developed and deployed Action Classes and JSP for Dynamic HTML generation.  ? Generated new and edited existing design with CSS to accommodate new changes in design and logic.  ? Created web pages which are informative and yet very neat and interesting to look at.  ? Responsible for design and development of the web pages from mock- ups.  ? Worked closely with business users and developers of team to resolve issues.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JQuery, AJAX, Responsive Web Design, Jasmine, Grails, Angular.js, python, Node.js, React.js, JQuery UI, JSON, Dreamweaver, Photoshop, Flax, JavaScript, JSP, SASS and Windows Front End/UI Developer Fifth Third Bank - Cincinnati, OH August 2015 to March 2016 Roles & Responsibilities:  ? Analyzed business requirements, participated in technical design, development and testing of various modules assigned.  ? Used the functionalities to write code in HTML5/HTML, CSS3/CSS, Angular.js, JavaScript, JQuery, Ajax, JSON, and Bootstrap with MySQL database as the backend.  ? The project is built upon the Single Page Application (SPA) criteria.  ? Developed Web application for backend system using Angular.js with cutting edge HTML5 and CSS3 techniques.  ? Wrote Angular.js controllers, views and services for new website features.  ? Involved in developing a new business application to the layout using Grid orientation model Bootstrap framework.  ? Used Backbone.js and Require.js to create Views to hook up models to the DOM and synchronize data to/from server.  ? Designed Frontend with in object oriented JavaScript Framework like Node.js and Ext.js.  ? Developed JQuery code using an XML Http Request Adapter to send an AJAX request to the server side code and also implemented a callback function to handle the results.  ? Worked on prototypes for Responsive Web design.  ? Implemented JavaScript source code and embedded nested handling logic using JQuery event handlers and call back functions.  ? Developed the JQuery call back functions for implementing asynchronous communication using AJAX.  ? Extensively used JQuery UI for screen design and development.  ? Involved in Coding, styling, testing of reusable JavaScript, CSS3, HTML5 widgets/ libraries for complete UI controls.  ? Designed user-friendly navigation for displaying various sections of data using JQuery.  ? Created Dynamic Web Pages using Web Controls and developed forms using HTML5.  ? Coded pages with best Search Engine Optimization (SEO) techniques.  ? Used Dreamweaver, Photoshop, Flex for implementing application and designing graphics and images.  ? Used Content Management system (CMS) for the dynamic configuration of the header and footer of the web application.  ? Styling pages using CSS3.0 and developed JavaScript for user interfaces.  ? Used CSS Blueprint to create grids and adopt cross browser interactive features and to make the web pages more.  ? Implemented XML parsing code for different application.  ? Developed server-side REST style web services and called them from angular controllers.  ? Frequently met with the project manager to review project goals and to create proposals for future developments, researching their fields for UI design.  ? Worked with the team of architects and back- end Developers to gather requirements and enhance the application functionality and add new features.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JQuery, Bootstrap, Angular.js, Require.js, Ext.js, Node.js, Backbone.js, Responsive Web Design, AJAX, JQuery UI, JavaScript, Dreamweaver, Photoshop, Flex, MVC, Rest Web Services, JSON, XML, SEO, MySQL Server, Eclipse and Windows UI Developer Aetna - Hartford, CT June 2014 to March 2015 Roles & Responsibilities:  ? Involved in various phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) of the application like Requirement gathering, Design, Analysis and Code development.  ? Designed dynamic and browser compatible pages using HTML, DHTML, CSS, JQuery and JavaScript.  ? Responsible for creating the screens with table-less designs meeting W3C standards.  ? Involved in extensive HTML coding.  ? Responsible for developing the pages using JQuery, AJAX, and JSON to parse on data on the frontend on the fly.  ? Designed CSS based page layouts that are cross-browser compatible and standards-compliant.  ? Implemented the design of web pages and provided user roles using JSP, JSTL, HTML, AJAX and Developed Clinical Trials and prescribing information modules using Ajax and JavaScript technologies like DOJO.  ? Implemented chained select plug-in for JQuery with JSON processing and callback feature, chain multiple selects with ease.  ? Applied industry best practices and standards when project requirements were lagging.  ? Implemented different validation control on the web-pages using JavaScript.  ? Involved in developing HTML and JavaScript for client-side presentation and, data validation on the client side with in the forms.  ? Developed Page layouts, Navigation and presented designs and concepts to the clients and the management to review.  ? Involved in developing XML, HTML, and JavaScript for client-side presentation and, data validation on the client side with in the forms.  ? Worked with the QA team to fix the bugs, test the load, and performance checking.  ? Responsible to track different versions of files using VSS.  ? Worked on cross browser compatibility issues and fix the bugs pertaining to various browsers.  Environment: HTML, DHTML, CSS, AJAX, JavaScript, JQuery, XML, JSON, W3C, SVN, Dreamweaver, Microsoft FrontPage, Adobe Photoshop CS3 and Windows UI Developer Pramati Technologies - IN May 2013 to May 2014 Roles & Responsibilities:  ? Involved in designing and implementing Web2.0 Rich UI for the Self-service Application using JQuery AJAX framework and Widget based JavaScript programmed model.  ? Followed the Agile and Scrum development methodologies  ? Rendered HTML from XML stream using XSLT as per the business logic for different widgets.  ? Developed screen functionality using HTML, CSS, JavaScript and JQUERY.  ? Generated UI mock-ups from paper-and-pencil concepts to high-fidelity prototypes that convey the interaction model using HTML, CSS and JavaScript.  ? Used JQuery core library functions for the logical implementation part at client side for all the application.  ? Developed client-side validation code using JavaScript and JQuery.  ? Involved in developing HTML and JavaScript for client-side presentation and, data validation on the client side with in the forms.  ? Designed page - layouts using Dreamweaver and banner using Adobe Flash.  ? Involved in implementing java rendering framework which manages the pages on the server side.  ? Involved in developing the Validations across the application using JQuery Validator plug in.  ? Participated in defect review meetings with the team members using Bugzilla, Firebug, and Google's element inspector.  ? Involved in implementing the UI to support all the major browsers.  ? Worked with partners and clients at every stage of implementation of the integration, for instance to gather requirements, finalize analysis, review completed implementation, UAT and sign-off.  Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQUERY, AJAX, XML, Dreamweaver, Adobe Flash, agile and Windows Web Developer Zensar Technologies - IN March 2010 to April 2013 Roles & Responsibilities:  ? Closely worked with business system analyst to understand the requirements to ensure that right set of UI modules been built.  ? Developed web pages and components using HTML and CSS and JavaScript.  ? Created business classes and base objects.  ? Utilized JavaScript and JQuery to improve overall design and UI of campaign websites.  ? Worked alongside backend Java programmers to troubleshoot Java Script related issues with front- end connectivity.  ? Extracted data in UI for different clients using JSON format.  ? Implemented client-side validations using JavaScript.  ? Implemented AJAX to speed up web application Used Web Developer, Firebug, and IE developer toolbar for debugging and browser compatibility.  ? Participated in maintenance and production support.  Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, AJAX, JSON, Firebug and Windows Education Bachelor's Degree in Electrical & Electronics Engineering in Electrical & Electronics Engineering JNT University 2010 Skills AJAX (8 years), CSS (8 years), HTML (8 years), JavaScript. (8 years), JQuery (8 years) Additional Information ? Result-driven IT Professional with8+ years of extensive experience in software development life cycle (SDLC) in designing & developing user experience of Internet/Intranet applications using HTML5, HTML, XHTML XML CSS, CSS3, PHP, JavaScript, jQuery MeetingW3C standards.  ? Proven track record in Graphic and User Experience Design and Transforming Web/Graphic Designers static prototypes into hand-coded HTML, specifically emphasizing accuracy and efficiency & adhering to W3C-established web standards with respect to maintaining cross-browser/cross-platform compatibility and delivering final page templates, including optimized images.  ? Good knowledge of latest version of object oriented JavaScript Libraries like Angular.js, Node.js, Backbone.js, Bootstrap, EXTJS 4.0, and Require.js, Handlebars, Ember.js and Dojo toolkit.  ? Experience in designing web applications employing Search Engine Optimization (SEO) techniques and Search Engine Strategies (SES).  ? Good experience with Responsive Web Design and Bootstrap and well versed on W3C standards.  ? Expert in creating Templates, Web Interfaces, Layouts, and Flow of Future Pages.  ? Expertise in designing and developing User Experiences for Web Applications using Web Authoring tools such as Adobe Dreamweaver CS3, Adobe Illustrator, and Adobe Flash.  ? High level of expertise in CSS pixel-level layout, Consistency with browsers, Version and Platform Independence.  ? Good experience working on CSS Background, CSS Positioning, CSS Text, CSS Border, CSS Margin, CSS Padding, CSS Table, Pseudo Classes, Pseudo Elements and CSS Behaviors in CSS.  ? Expert in working with cutting edge front- end technologies/ framework and libraries like JQuery, Prototype, (X)HTML, DHTML, OO JavaScript, JSON, DOM, CSS, XML/XSLT, AJAX.  ? Proficient with creating Logos, Banners, Buttons, Icons and Images using Adobe Flash and Adobe Illustrator.  ? Experience in various UI widgets using JavaScript libraries (JQuery) and developing Rich Internet Applications RIA.  ? Experience in data driven-UI component where a single application serves as the website for multiple customers.  ? Good knowledge of using JavaScript testing frameworks, Jasmine, Protractor and QUnit.  ? Expertise in working with kendo to develop modern web applications and easily combine with pretty responsive apps.  ? Skilled at analyzing and solving browser compatibility challenges and possesses ability to maintain consistency and well commented HTML and CSS markup.  ? Experience in using Web Services like SOAP protocol in JAXWS and RESTFUL web services Proficient in Object Oriented Design/Development (OOD), Object Oriented Analysis and Design (OOAD), Model View Control (MVC) design pattern and Test-Driven Development (TDD).  ? An energetic individual, able to communicate effectively, to work collaboratively to resolve problems and to motivate team members as well.  ? Excellent analytical and logical programming skills with a good understanding at the conceptual level and possess excellent presentation, interpersonal skills with a strong desire to achieve specified goals.    Technical competencies:    Web Technologies: HTML, HTML5, XML, CSS, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, PHP, AJAX, DOM, DOJO, Core Java, GUI, Responsive Web design, JSON, Gradle, Gulp, Grunt, SASS, LESS, Mustache, Python, Kendo  IDE & Tools: Web Storm, Notepad++, Adobe Dreamweaver, Adobe Flash Professional + Action Script 2.0/3.0, Microsoft Publisher, Eclipse, Atom, Edit Plus  Version Control: SVN, CVS, GIT, JIRA  JavaScript Libraries: JQuery UI, Ext JS 4.0, Require.js, React.js, Backbone.js, Angular.js, Node.js, Ember.js, Bootstrap.js, knockout.js, Handlebar.js  Publishing Tools: Adobe PageMaker, MS Office  Wire Frame Tools: Adobe Illustrator CS3  Data Access: MySQL, Oracle