Java Developer Java <span class="hl">Developer</span> Java Developer - DXC Technology Kenosha, WI • Having 6+ years of IT experience in all phases of Software Development Life Cycle which includes Analysis, Design, Development, Testing, and Maintenance using Java/J2EE technologies.  • Expertise in working with Agile and Waterfall methodology environments.  • Extensive experience in developing user interface using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, Ajax, Bootstrap, AngularJS.  • Experience in using web app servers like IBM Web Sphere, Web Logic, Apache Tomcat, Jetty and JBoss Servers.  • Experienced with Middleware Technology Messaging Brokers like JMS and Active MQ in SOA (Service-oriented) Architecture.  • Experience in writing shell scripting for deployment process and expertise in sharing files between Linux boxes and windows using the WinSCP, secure FTP, SCP client for Microsoft Windows.  • Experience in developing test cases based on test first or Test-Driven Methodology using JUnit, JMeter, Mockito.  • Having experience with Cloud Computing Service environment like Amazon Web Services (AWS) and managed EC2, S3 bucket, Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) through AWS Console and API Integration.  • Experience in understanding and implementing of Microservices in client-server business applications.  • Expert in building Microservice applications using Spring Boot for developing RESTful web services.  • Experience in implementing client-server business applications using MVC and SOA architecture.  • Expert in Core Java and implemented concepts like Multithreading, Concurrency, Exception Handling, File handling, IO, Generics, Swings, and collections in various projects.  • Expertise in Core Java and J2EE Technologies, including JSPs, Servlets, Java Mail, EJB transaction implementation (CMP, BMP, Message-Driven Beans), JMS, Java Beans, JDBC, JNDI.  • Expertise in XML technologies such as XSL, XSLT, XML schemas, XPath, XQuery.  • Experience in developing server-side code with good knowledge of enterprise and persistence design patterns like Singleton, Factory, Business Delegate, and Service locator, Visitor, Observer, Decorator, Front Controller, Data Access Object and MVC.  • Extensive experience in backend frameworks like spring, Hibernate, and JSF.  • Expert in implementing Spring modules such as Spring IOC, Spring MVC, Spring AOP, Spring JDBC, Spring DAO and Spring ORM.  • Experience in working with ORM frameworks like Hibernate, JPA (Java Persistence API) and APIs such as JDO (Java Data Objects).  • Developing interoperable Web Services and its related technologies like SOAP, Restful, XML, JAX-WS, JAXB, JAX-RPC using tools like Apache Axis.  • Strong skills in RDBMS implementation and development using SQL Server, Oracle, IBM DB2, MYSQL and experience in working with SQL, PL/SQL programming languages.  • Hands-on experience on NoSQL databases like MongoDB, Dynamo DB databases.  • Experience in using build tools like Gradle, ANT, and MAVEN for the development of build artifacts on the source code and log4J framework for logging details.  • Experience in developing applications on Windows, UNIX, Linux, and Mac platforms.  • Highly experience with Java compliant IDE's like Spring Tool Suite, Eclipse, IntelliJ and RAD.  • Experience in software configuration management using Subversion (SVN), Git, and Source Tree as versioning software tools.  • Experience in working with continuous integration tools like Jenkins and bug tracking tool Jira. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Java Developer DXC Technology - Wisconsin January 2018 to Present Responsibilities:  • Involved in various phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) such as requirements gathering, modeling, analysis, design, development, and testing.  • Developed the view-controller components using JSPs, HTML5, CSS3, AJAX, JavaScript (jQuery).  • Implemented routing logic and navigation from screen to screen and implemented login functionality on the client-side in AngularJS.  • Hands-on experience in developing integration with Elastic search in any of the programming languages like JAVA and JavaScript. Having knowledge of advance reporting using Elastic search and NodeJS.  • Implemented core features of AngularJS framework such as dependency Injection, Databinding, Filters, Directives, Templates, Services and Deep Linking Designing.  • Used Java 1.8 features like stream and Lambda expressions.  • Maintained Interface compatibility and concurrency in the project using Java 1.8 new features like default, static methods, and Concurrency API.  • Developed the monolithic application and involved in migrating existing monolithic application into Micro Service Architecture based RESTful Service and deployments were done on AWS using Spring Cloud for AWS.  • Designed and developed Micro Services business components using Spring Boot.  • Responsible for creating an instance on Amazon EC2 (AWS), Pivotal Cloud Foundry and deployed the application on it. Involved in the development of Microservices for all the models using a combination of Spring Boot and Spring Security.  • Installed, secured, and configured AWS cloud servers and Amazon AWS virtual servers (Linux) and used Spring Cloud for AWS.  • Worked on AWS services to deploy static websites and dynamic Web Apps on EC2 using Elastic Beanstalk and Elastic Container Service-Docker.  • Involved in creating EC2 instances and installed required configurations and applications on it and created S3 buckets for storing object-level data into it.  • Developed API's to read and publish data from Elastic Search cluster using native Java Transport client as well as a REST client. Worked on Spring Integration with the Elastic Search.  • Used Spring MVC framework for implementing Model-View-Controller (MVC) architecture at the Web tier level to isolate each layer of the application so that complexity of integration will be reduced and maintenance will be very easy.  • Used Spring AOP for solving crosscutting concerns like keeping logged data and transactions details etc.  • Used Spring Batch for processing a large amount of data like transaction management, job processing, resource management, and logging.  • Secured the API's by implementing OAuth 2.0 token-based authentication/authorization scheme using Spring Security.  • Designed and developed third-party Payment services to Offer Users Convenient Payment Methods based on OAuth Protocol.  • Used Hibernate ORM framework as persistence engine and wrote Hibernate Queries to automate the mapping between Oracle database and Objects in Java.  • Involved in writing SQL and Stored Procedures for handling complex queries with help of TOAD and access them through Java Programs from Oracle Database.  • Worked with MongoDB to store non-relational data into the collection and retrieve them whenever required.  • Used WebLogic server to route our JMS queue messages to different business floors and configured routes in WebLogic and used JMS in the e-mail notification.  • Worked on setting up Maven scripts to build, package, and deploy application code to the target WebLogic Application Servers and worked on continuous integration servers like Jenkins.  • Hands-on Coding to build REST Micro Services using Spring Cloud, Oracle, XSD, JSON, Spring Config, and Jenkins.  • Worked on developing RESTful endpoints to cache application-specific data in in-memory data clusters like REDIS and exposed them with RESTful endpoints.  • Focused on Test Driven Development thereby creating detailed JUnit tests for every single piece of functionality before writing the functionality.  • Performed automation testing and authored test scripts using Selenium Web Driver, Selenium Grid and Junit.  • Worked in Agile TDD environment using SDLC tools like GIT, Jira, Jenkins, and Maven for build packaging and deployments of the application components.  Environment: Agile methodology, Java 1.8, J2EE, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, AngularJS, Hibernate, Spring, XML, JSP, JAX-RS, Spring AOP, Spring Security, Oracle, MongoDB, JSP, Docker, JMS, GIT, JIRA, PL/SQL, STS, JUnit, Log4J, Maven, Jenkins, WebLogic Application Server, AWS IAM, EC2, S3, RDS, SQS and PCF. Java Developer Quest Diagnostics - Norristown, PA January 2017 to December 2017 Responsibilities:  • Followed Agile Methodology to analyze, define, and document the application which will support functional and business requirements.  • Actively participated in the daily scrum meetings to produce quality deliverables within time information and helped to clear ambiguity in the requirements document.  • Followed the Spring Boot and Spring framework for the development of the project.  • Used core java, Multithreading, I/O Streams, Collections framework.  • Used spring framework including spring core /IOC, Spring Web, Spring Batch, Spring Security, Spring ORM, Spring AOP modules.  • Used Java 8 Lambda expressions for passing the functions to the code.  • Worked on Java 8 upgrade using the new library for refactoring, lambda, functional interfaces, streams -parallel processing and aggregations.  • Designed and Developed advance dynamic views using JSP, JavaScript, JQuery, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, and Angular.  • Involved in setting up spring security in securing the app based on user roles.  • Implemented the Spring-Security and Transaction Management (Spring-TX) in the Application.  • Build REST/SOAP-based Services for all user-based operations like enroll user, modifying user and authenticate user depending on risk factor of the user login.  • Developed REST-based Web services to allow communication between the applications.  • Implemented Micro Services based Cloud Architecture using Spring Boot.  • Used Hibernate as ORM tool for data persistence and retrieval of data like information of current customer enrollment etc.  • Designed and developed business and persistence layer components using Spring IOC and Hibernate and Spring JDBC framework.  • Wrote complex SQL queries, Stored Procedures PL/SQL using SQL developer & TOAD, executed on Oracle Database.  • Used AWS to build Java applications that work with Amazon S3, Amazon EC2, Amazon Simple DB, and more.  • Used Spring Data Mongo DB as the persistence framework in retrieving the user and medical benefits details from Mongo DB.  • Developed JMS and RabbitMQ components to send messages from one application to other application internally.  • Implemented a Continuous Delivery pipeline with Docker, Jenkins and GitHub.  • Developed Python scripts using multithreading module and developed Python scripts in order to migrate information from Oracle to MongoDB.  • Create and configure the continuous delivery pipelines for deploying Micro Services and lambda functions using Jenkins CI server.  • Deployed the application on to Web Sphere and Used Selenium IDE for Open source web testing.  • Written JUnit Test cases for performing unit testing and tested web services with REST Client.  • Used Git for version control tool and Intellij idea for IDE and Used JIRA as a defect tracking system for all projects.  • Involving in Building the modules in Linux environment with ant script  • The log4j framework has been used for logging debug, info & error data.  Environment: Java1.8, J2EE, HTML5, CSS3, Java Script, JQuery, Angular JS, Node JS, Spring, Hibernate, MVC, Web Services, MAVEN, WebSphere, RAD, JUnit, JMS, log4j, Mongo DB, UNIX, SOAP UI, REST Client, AWS, Jenkins, JIRA, Git. Java Developer Cogent Infotech, Pittsburg, PA August 2015 to December 2016 Responsibilities:  • Involved in SDLC Requirements gathering, analysis, design, development, and testing of application developed using agile methodology.  • Created user-friendly GUI interface and Web pages using HTML, Angular JS, Node JS, JQuery, Ajax and JavaScript.  • Defined new validations through Angular JS for the form field validation implemented through HTML.  • Used Spring MVC and Dependency Injection for handling presentation and business logic.  • To maintain loose coupling between layers published the business layer as services and injected the necessary dependent components using Spring IOC and published cross-cutting concerns like Logging, User Interface exceptions, Transactions using Spring AOP.  • Integrated Spring DAO for data access using Hibernate.  • Used Spring Security for Authentication and Authorization of the application.  • Implemented persistence framework using Hibernate & Handled Transaction Management using the provided data source.  • Extensively used JSON to parse the data from server side to satisfy the business requirement.  • Responsible for designing Hibernate mapping files based on business logic and Object relationships.  • Integrated spring and hibernate together and worked on developing backend components and services using Hibernate and spring.  • Extensively used HQL and SQL for querying databases.  • Developed Message Driven Bean for asynchronous sending Messages using JMS.  • Consumed Web Services to interact with other external interfaces in order to exchange the data in different forms by using RESTful service.  • Used Spring JMS module for lookup for the queues and MDBs for the listeners  • Established Database Connectivity using JDBC, Hibernate O/R mapping with Spring ORM for Oracle.  • Packaged and deployed the application in IBM WebSphere.  • Written LINUX shell scripts to identify user login information.  • Used Log4J for application logging and notification tracking mechanisms.  • Used Maven tools for building and deploying Web applications.  • Analysis and Bug fixing of the production problems and defects along with enhancements. Implemented JUNIT test cases for unit testing and Suites for an end to end testing.  • Used JIRA for tracking the Project Stories in Agile Methodology.  • Used Tortoise SVN to maintain the version of the files and took the responsibility to do the code merges from branch to trunk and creating a new branch when new feature implementation starts.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, AngularJS, NodeJS, JSON, XML, AJAX, JQuery, Struts, Hibernate, Spring MVC, RESTful, HQL, SQL, IBM WebSphere Server, Oracle, JMS, JNDI, Maven, RMI, Eclipse IDE, UML, JIRA, Tortoise SVN, LINUX. Front- End Developer Centre for Development of Advanced Computing - Hyderabad, Telangana May 2013 to August 2015 Description: The objective of this project is to implement a web-based front end system which can be used by the employees, managers and higher-level management having specific role permissions for effective processing of day to day business activities in the company like leave management, project management, and resource management, etc.    Responsibilities:  • Understanding and analyzing the basic requirements  • By using Servlets and JSP implemented server-side programs  • Involved in design, development, and validation of User Interface by using HTML, JavaScript, XML and CSS  • Performed the database access tasks using JDBC and other related information from auto-generated files  • Implemented PL/SQL stored procedures and triggers  • Used JDBC prepared statements to call from servlets for database access  • Developed servlets, session and Entity Beans handling business logic and data  • Involved in the design and documentation of the stored procedures  • Developed Action Forms, Action Classes, and helper classes by using Struts  • Used UML to develop Use case diagram, class diagram, and sequence diagrams  • Worked on database interaction layer for insertions, updating and retrieval operations of data from database by using queries and writing stored procedures  • Deployed Enterprise application using WebLogic Application Server  • Involved in writing Junit test Cases and used Log4J for any errors in the application    Environment: Java, J2EE, HTML, XHTML, XML, XSTL, UML, JavaScript, CSS, JSP, JDBC, servlets, Struts, SQL, Oracle, MVC, Hibernate, WebLogic, Junit, Log4J. Education Master's in Information systems Harrisburg University of Science and Technology Skills ECLIPSE, J2EE, JAVA, JBOSS, DB2, Angularjs, Hibernate, JSP, Javascript, Spring, MVC, Java J2Ee, JEE, Linux Admin (2 years), Migration (3 years), Angular, Rest, Soap, AWS, Core Java