Python Developer Python <span class="hl">Developer</span> Python Developer - Federated Wireless ? Around 6 years experienced Python Developer with proficiency in Design & Development of Python and Django projects.  ? Hands on experience in Managing, developing and designing a dashboard control panel for customers and Administrators using Django, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Bootstrap, JQuery, and REST API calls.  ? Extensive experience in developing Single Page Applications (SPA) using JavaScript frameworks like ReactJS and Angular2.  ? Experience with modern AI frameworks such as Tensorflow and a good understanding of traditional machine learning as well as deep learning.  ? Experience in developing responsive web applications using Bootstrap.  ? Expertise in implementing Python alongside using various libraries such as Matplotlib for charts and graphs, MongoDB for database connectivity, Python-twitter, Twilio, network  ? Good experience in developing web applications and implementing Model View Control (MVC) architecture using server-side applications in Django and Nodejs.  ? Experience in MVW frameworks like Django, JavaScript, JQuery and Node.js.  ? Extensive experience in designing MySQL multi-shared cluster and monitoring with MMS.  ? Hands on experience in Designing and developing API's for the application using Python, Django, MongoDB, Express, ReactJS, and NodeJS.  ? Experience in working with various Python Integrated Development, PyCharm, Atom, Spyder, Jypyter Notebook, Eclipse, Visual Studio Code, Notepad++, and Sublime Text.  ? Experience in Unit testing and Integration testing of the code using PyTest.  ? Good experience of software development in Python (libraries used: Beautiful Soup, Numpy, Scipy, Matplotlib, Python-twitter and MongoDB for database connectivity.  ? Experience using version control system such as GIT, Codevilla, and Mercurial  ? Agile web development using Django/ Python  ? Experience in managing MongoDB environment from availability, performance and scalability perspectives  ? Documenting MySQL and OPS Manager installation, operations, security, and environments  ? Knowledge about setting up Python REST API Framework using Django.  ? Managed continuous maintenance and troubleshooting of Python Django projects.  ? Use Weka for data mining and machine learning to understand relationships and patterns in data.  ? Predictive models to improve advertiser campaign performance with Weka.  ? Experience with Adobe Photoshop and Illustrator.  ? Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Python Developer Federated Wireless - Arlington, VA April 2017 to Present Description: Federated Wireless develops wireless broadband network management platforms that enable efficient and optimal shared use of wireless spectrum for mobile broadband. The company offers spectrum controller solutions for mobile operators, cable operators, broadband wireless access providers, managed service providers, and enterprises across industries. I was involved in various IT initiative projects but primarily involved in NOAA. NOAA is an American scientific agency within the United States Department of Commerce that focuses on the conditions of the oceans, major waterways, and the atmosphere. This enterprise solution had two parts which are the notification system and the WebCarrierID GUI interface. I was assigned to work as a Python developer for the development of the WebCarrierID GUI interface. This module would send notifications/messages between US Navy Carriers while been view by the user with the WebCarrierID GUI interface. I was also involved in designing and developing REST API interface for one of the most critical module of the WebCarrierID GUI interface.    Roles & Responsibilities:  ? Redesign NOAA's (Government Client) and Darpa's (Government Client) logo by using Photoshop.  ? Developing a web based application from a window based application.  ? Developing web pages using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, React, Bootstrap and JSON.  ? Involved in Automation Infrastructure Development using Selenium ( Python)  ? Created Test Cases Using Element locators and Selenium ( Python) Webdriver methods.  ? Execution of Selenium Test cases and Reporting defects with Python.  ? Design, develop and test HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, JavaScript, and React that meets accessibility and web browser standards for website.  ? Designed CSS templates for use in all pages on the website working with CSS Background, positioning, text, border, margin, padding, and table.  ? Applied optimization techniques to reduce page size and load times to enhance user experience using sprites.  ? Developed user interface by using the React, Flux for SPA development.  ? Used React-Router to turn application into Single Page Application  ? Worked in using React components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, Animations and Flux concept.  ? Involved in developing web-based application using Python, Django, JavaScript, Express, ReactJS, Node JS, Express, CSS, and HTML  Environment: Python, HTML, CSS, MongoDB, JavaScript, Linux, IPython, Django, Express, Bootstrap, ReactJS, Linux, Restful, Selenium, Blueprintjs, Material-UI Python Developer E-Trade - New York, NY June 2016 to April 2017 Description: E*TRADE is a financial services company that provides online brokerage and related products and services primarily to individual retail investors. E*TRADE Web Platform is a web-based interface designed for traders, investors and stock-plan participants. I was involved in redesigning the E*TRADE 360 component, which is a customizable dashboard that lets the user view, monitor and manage their account. The user could also configure their dashboard and insert widgets for Account Summary, News & Video, Trading, Watch List, Alerts, Portfolios, Transfer Money, Detailed Balances, Quote Details and View Orders. Besides the E*TRADE 360, I was involved in Tax Center & Transaction History modules of the E*TRADE Web Platform. In the Tax Center, user could download the tax documents & other tax resources based on the year selected. The Transaction History module displayed all different types of transaction (deposit, withdrawals and trades) for a specific period. User could also assign the transaction to a category, such as investment, retirements or tax refunds.    Roles & Responsibilities:  ? Involved in all Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) phases of the project using Agile Software Development methodology which included design, development and implementation  ? Build all database mapping classes using Django models and did Data Exchanges and sorting as per customer requirement between Database and Files like Text file to Excel file and vice versa.  ? Involved in developing web-based application using Python, Django, JavaScript, JQuery, Express, ReactJS, Node JS, Express, CSS, and HTML  ? Designed front end using HTML, Bootstrap, CSS, and JavaScript.  ? Developed a Performance indicator of mutual funds by which users can View daily, monthly, or quarterly performance and sort by share class or asset class.  ? Designed, developed and maintained Mongo database architecture and used Restful API for information extraction.  ? Created entire application using Python, Django, MongoDB and Linux and provided expertise in FIX protocol development.  ? Worked on several Python libraries like Python, Numpy, and Matplotlib.  ? Involved in using Python, MongoDB and ReactJS for the design, development, and deployment of the application.  ? Developed and implemented the user registration and login feature for the application process by extending Django user model.  ? Developed a fully automated continuous integration system using GIT, MongoDB, and custom tools developed in Python.  ? Used Numpy, Matpotlib, and Pandas to generate E-Trade products for major enterprises.  Environment: Python, HTML, CSS, MongoDB, JavaScript, Linux, Seaborn, Pillow, IPython, Django, AJAX, Express, Bootstrap, JQuery, ReactJS, Linux, Restful Front- End Developer MassMutual Eastern Pennsylvania - Horsham, PA October 2014 to September 2015 Description: MassMutual Eastern Pennsylvania is organized by highly experience professionals whose focus is financial planning. It is a team of specialist with over a century of experience in estate analysis, life insurance and annuities, pension and retirement products, business insurance, financial resources, college funding plans, employees benefit programs and investment products. Employee Management System is an application that helps to increase employee engagement and streamlines the everyday processes of the business enhancing their efficiency and overall connectivity with the organization. Using this application, the employees could view and update their personal details. Job related alerts, announcements and other notifications was managed in the Alerts Module. The application also included Career Development Module, where in the employees could view and manage the trainings assigned to them; Work Module where the employees could schedule the task and monitor their performance. I was involved in designing and developing the Career Development and the Work Module.    Roles & Responsibilities:  ? Developed frontend and backend modules using Python on Django Web Framework.  ? Creating custom, general use modules and components which extend the elements and modules of core ReactJS  ? Created UI using JavaScript and HTML/CSS.  ? Developed and tested many features for dashboard using Python, Bootstrap, CSS, and JavaScript.  ? Wrote & executed various MYSQL database queries from Python using Python-MySQL connector & MySQL dB package.  ? Created and consumed RESTful and used various front- end tools like HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery and Ato create UI  ? Developed and designed automation framework using Python and Shell scripting.  ? Developed user interface using, CSS, HTML, JavaScript, and JQuery.  ? Built SQL queries for performing various CRUD operations like create, update, read and delete.  ? Took part in entire lifecycle of the projects including Design, Development, and Deployment, Testing and Implementation and support.  ? Maintain and enhance existing applications by using ReactJS.  Environment: Python, Django, HTML/CSS, JavaScript, Linux, Shell Scripting, RESTful, Bootstrap, Eclipse, Pycharm, MYSQL, ReactJS, JQuery, Unit test, Mock Python Django Developer Data Science Automation - Pittsburgh, PA August 2013 to September 2014 Description: Data Science Automation is primarily an automation engineering company that specializes in applying Adaptive Automation technology to acquire, analyze, present & manage data. A software that is an open-source analytics data store designed for business intelligence (OLAP) queries on event data. It provided low latency (real-time) data ingestion, flexible data exploration, and fast data aggregation. In addition, it deployments have scaled to trillions of events and petabytes of data and it is best used to power analytic dashboards and applications. Python was used to read some of the data off of some Excel files and store them into Django's models.    Roles & Responsibilities:  ? Responsible for design & development of different web-based applications based on client's requirements  ? Utilized Pandas - Python library for analyzing data and data structures.  ? Designed email marketing campaigns and also created responsive web forms that saved data into a database using Python / Django Framework.  ? Utilized Python, Django, JQuery and Java etc. to design server applications and client interfaces.  ? Managed continuous maintenance and troubleshooting of Python Django projects.  ? Involved in Unit testing, Test driven Development (TDD), Integration testing, User-Acceptance testing, and Functional testing.  ? Collaborated with other developers to handle complicated issues related with deployment of Django based applications.  ? Performed front- end development for web initiatives to ensure usability, using HTML and CSS.  ? Enhance quality, feel, and usability of consumer-facing website.  ? Wrote Use Case diagrams, Class diagrams Sequence Diagrams, and State Diagrams.  ? Collaborated with a team of instructors and programmers to develop the curriculum and guidelines for workshops to teach the logic of programming.  ? Implemented database access using Django ORM.  ? Successfully migrated Django database from SQLite to MySQL with complete data integrity.  ? Interacting with QA teams to review and develop data standards, data exchange, XML data standard, and data sharing model  ? Programmed database using XML language  Environment: Python, Pandas, Django, SQLite, HTML, CSS, XML, MySQL, JQuery, Pillow, Pandas, Unit testing. Education Robert Wood Johnson University Hospital - New Brunswick, NJ October 2015 to June 2016