FRONT END DEVELOPER <span class="hl">FRONT</span> <span class="hl">END</span> <span class="hl">DEVELOPER</span> FRONT END DEVELOPER - MATA Inventive San Francisco, CA Work Experience FRONT END DEVELOPER MATA Inventive July 2019 to Present ? Work with UX designer through Zeplin to convert handoff designs into web UI components using React.  ? Collaborate with other stakeholders via Jira and participate in weekly sprint planning. FRONT END DEVELOPER Alchemy Collective Hair Lab September 2018 to July 2019 ? Built a frontend only single page web app using React, HTML5 with emphasis on semantic element tags, and robust CSS3 such as responsive media queries and flexbox/grid properties.  ? Implemented a contact form using EmailJS and Mailgun that allows customers to submit their name, email, and message, after which a designated address will receive an email for their inquiry whilst the customer will also receive a confirmation email at their submitted address, all without a backend.  ? Embedded Instagram UI directly into the site via API calls to allow customers to redirect to artists' profiles where they can book appointments. Bid Desk (Pricing) Analyst VIEWSONIC US February 2015 to December 2017 Worked with multiple teams/levels of leadership across the company to research, analyze, and process pricing for business opportunities of varying complexity.  ? Prioritized external and internal pricing inquiries within a fast-paced environment of juggling hourly commercial bid demands and managing internal changing dynamics to manage the B2B portion of annual revenues in excess of $200M.  ? Helped lead the design of the Salesforce-based bid desk platform to better streamline efficiency and automation processes. Inside Sales VIEWSONIC US March 2013 to February 2015 Provided excellent customer relationship management for assigned SMB's, using Salesforce.com to track and optimize account growth.  ? Won the inaugural Transformational Award from sales management for our geo team's efforts in growing the region by over 200% YOY. Education Certificate in Full Stack Software Development App Academy Bachelor's in Communications University California - San Diego, CA Skills Git, Javascript, Node.js, Redux, Rspec, Ruby, Rails, Ruby on rails, Html5, Sass, Postgresql, Mongodb, Nosql, Rest, UI, React, Front End, UI, CSS3, Node Additional Information SKILLS  JavaScript, React.js, Redux.js, Ruby on Rails, Express.js, Node.js, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, NoSQL, HTML5, CSS3, SASS, REST, TDD, RSpec, Capybara, Git