Front end Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">end</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front end Developer - CenturyLink Dallas, TX • Around 6 Years of progressive experience in all phases of software development life cycle including requirements analysis, applications design, development, Integration, maintenance and testing of various client/server, N-tier and web applications.  • Worked with User Interface applications and highly transactional and scalable applications using HTML 4/5, CSS2/3, JavaScript, AngularJS, Angular 2/4, ReactJS, Redux SAGA, Vue JS, jQuery, AJAX, NodeJS, JSON and BackboneJS.  • Used the latest HTML5 elements for video playback, content rendering using semantic tags such as article, section.  • Excellent knowledge in CSS with preprocessors like LESS and SASS.  • Experience in writing AngularJS code and familiar with jQuery libraries.  • Handled all the client-side validations, slide show, hide and show controls, dropdown menus and tab navigation using AngularJS.  • Designed front- end user interfaces with ReactJS by creating many components and modules. Used Redux SAGA to view and action creators as pure functions and it allows to model state transitions using familiar JavaScript constructs.  • Experience in NodeJS modules like grunt, bower, express, mongoose and integrate with design and requirements to implement modules.  • Extensive experience in developing single-page applications using JavaScript frameworks like AngularJS and Bootstrap.  • Experienced in using web design tools like Bootstrap. Overcame challenges like data migration from NoSQL or MongoDB.  • Implemented test driven development using Testing tools like Grunt/Gulp.  • Used WebStorm for client-side and server-side development with NodeJS.  • Used GIT, SVN for Version controlling, error reporting and project management tools JIRA.  • Worked on Unit test by Test-Driven Development (TDD) to build the application with Angular 4&5 and JavaScript.  • Used Jasmine as testing framework and Karma as test runner to perform unit testing and it is written entirely in Typescript and meets the ES6 specification.  • Experience in complete software SDLC which includes requirement, coding, design, analysis, testing, using Agile, Test Driven methodologies. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Front end Developer CenturyLink - Dallas, TX April 2018 to Present Responsibilities:  • Worked with VUE JS Forms, Validations, Modules, Components, directives, controllers and HTTP Request  • Experience in Vue.JS for building apps and declarative templates with data-binding, created some custom directives in the application.  • Used Vue.js events distribution and parent chain for parent-child component communication.  • Manipulated DOM, handled events and applied animation effects with Vue.js.  • Used JQuery plug-ins for Settings Chevron, Automatic Recording, PIN Controls, User Interface and Devices Tabs.  • Involved in developing HTML5 and JavaScript for client side presentation and, data validation within the forms.  • Developed consumer based features and applications using JavaScript, JQuery, HTML, CSS Test Driven Development (TDD) and pair based programming.  • Automatically updated table data with Vue data binding.  • Used the Node.js MVC Frameworks in the development of the web applications  • Used GIT for version control, JIRA for bug tracking and Confluence for project management  • Designed and implemented functions and features using Angular 4 at client-side and Web API at server-side.  • Implemented client-side form validation, form view results using various components, services, pipes in Angular 4.  • Good Understanding of various kinds of databases, Relational and Non-Relational.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Vue.JS, Agile, Jira, Vuetify.JS, Nuxt.JS, Angular4, Quasar, Node.JS, Mongo. DB, GIT, Web Storm. UI Developer Comcast - Philadelphia, PA August 2017 to March 2018 Responsibilities:  • Developing the front end using JS framework front- end web technologies including HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, and templating engines.  • Worked with WEB API's to make calls to the web services using URLs, which would perform GET, PUT, POST and DELETE operations on the server.  • Experience in working with RESTful Web-Services and implementing RESTful API's.  • Developed custom NodeJS proxy used to send requests to client's API's, handling authentication and custom headers.  • Command on developing responsive SPA using Bootstrap and MVC frameworks like AngularJS 2.  • Worked on some of the new features of Angular 4like new if else syntax, ng-templates, and form validators.  • Involved in building a high efficiency Dynamic Single and Multiple Page Web Application using Angular JS, Node Js, HTML, HTML5, Java Script, Bootstrap, JQuery and CSS3.  • Developed user interface by using the React JS, Redux for SPA development.  • Involved in responsive design and developed a single ISOMORPHIC responsive website that could be served to desktop, Tablets and mobile users using React.js.  • Worked on D3 library to implement charts and line graphs.  • Used ReactJS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, Animations and Flux concept.  • Developed single page applications using Angular 2.0, Typescript, HTML5, CSS3, and Bootstrap.  Environment: Dust JS, Angular 2,4, React JS, Node JS, D3 JS, Typescript JavaScript, JQuery, HTML5, CSS, AJAX, JSON, Agile, Responsive web design, Gulp, Bower, NPM and Web Services UI Developer Verizon - Dallas, TX December 2016 to June 2017 Responsibilities:  • Designing and developing the webpagesusingHTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Bootstrap, SASS, LESS, React.js, Redux, Flex, Node JS, Mongo DB,  • Responsible to Style, look and feel of the webpage with SASS that extends CSS with dynamic behavior such as variable, mixing, operations and functions.  • Responsible for React UI and architecture, building components library, including Tree, Slide-View, and Table Grid.  • Implement various screens for the frontend using React.js and used various predefined components from NPM (Node Package Manager) and redux library.  • Works in using React JS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, Animations, and Flux concept.  • Worked on React JS Virtual Dom and React views, rendering using components which contains additional components called custom HTML tags.  • Used React JS for templating for faster compilation and developing reusable components.  • Debug the application using Firebug to traverse the documents and manipulated the Nodes using DOM and DOM Functions.  • Used the Node.js MVC Frameworks in the development of the web applications  • Used JIRA to keep track of outstanding bugs to reduce downtime, increase productivity, and improve communication.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, DHTML, JavaScript, SASS, REST, SVN, GIT, Gulp, DOM, ReactJS, Redux Saga, Flux, XML, Sublime, Bitbucket, WebStorm, ES6, jQuery, Webpack, GIT, NodeJS, JSON, Bootstrap, NPM, Jasmine, Grunt, Agile & SCRUM. Web Developer Choices Counseling Services - Valparaiso, IN January 2016 to November 2016 Responsibilities:  • As a part of Enrollment team, actively participated in the team work for the successful launch of sister company's website. http://www.counselingservices.tk/  • Involvement in all stages of Software development life cycle including Analysis, development, Implementation, testing and support.  • Designed various routing mechanisms and Implemented $http functionality in AngularJS in order to retrieve data from web servers.  • Created package.json for Bower and NPM and extensively used Angular UI (Angular Bootstrap) for ng-grid, and UI components.  • Developed and performed test cases using jasmine and Karma in the unit test, and used protractor and Http-server for the End2End testing  • Extensive experience using Bootstrap for layout and involved in writing application level code to interact with APIs, Web Services using AJAX, JSON and XML.  • Developed the UI with extensive use of JavaScript, JSON and Ajax.  • Worked on creating responsive website for smart devices using Responsive design and media queries.  • Developed server-side JavaScript using NodeJS.  • Used AJAX extensively to implement front end /user interface features in the application.    Environment: HTML, HTML5, CSS, CSS3, Linux/Unix, JavaScript, jasmine and Karma, jQuery, AJAX JSON, Angular JS, Bootstrap, Responsive design, Grunt, Bower, Node.js, NPM. UI Developer ING Vysya Bank - Delhi, Delhi February 2014 to September 2015 Responsibilities:  • Designed the Web application layout and forms using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, jQuery.  • Coordinated with BA group for better understanding of functional requirements analyzed and designed the business requirements to documented and implemented.  • Worked with business analysts to understand their business models and goals and help define strategy, content, and features.  • Fixed bugs and provided support services for the application.  • Used advanced level of jQuery, JavaScript, CSS and pure CSS layouts.  • Handled all the client-side validations, slide show, hide and show controls, dropdown menus and tab navigation using jQuery  • Worked on cross browser compatibility issues and fix the bugs pertaining to various browsers.  Environment: HTML, XHTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, JSON, AJAX, Responsive design, Usability Testing, Agile methodology, Eclipse. Frond End Developer Augusta - Hyderabad, Telangana June 2012 to December 2013 Responsibilities:  • Created HTML and CSS from Photoshop mockups.  • Created Images, Logos and Icons that are used across the web pages using Adobe Flash.  • Defined and developed the application's presentation layer using HTML, CSS, JavaScript and jQuery Scripting.  • Redesigned pages to improve application design and UI to attract the customers by taking inputs from senior management.  • Defined the site layout and developed Wireframes using Adobe Illustrator.  • Developed cross browser and multi browser compatible web pages using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.  • Used advanced level of HTML, JavaScript, CSS and pure CSS layouts (table less layout).  • Created and developed the web-page layout and positioned/developed design elements, using Dreamweaver, HTML and Adobe Photoshop.    Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, JSON. Education BACHELOR'S in Information Technology Valparaiso University Skills CSS (5 years), HTML (5 years), JAVASCRIPT (5 years), jQuery (5 years), JSON (5 years) Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/mgshravani Additional Information Technical Skills:    Web Technologies HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, JSON, D3 JS, Angular JS/2.0, Backbone JS. Typescript, Node JS    Methodologies Agile, Scrum, Waterfall  Application/Web server Apache Tomcat, Web Sphere(8.0), J Boss  IDE's Eclipse, Sublime Text Editor, Web Storm, Note pad ++  Version Controls SVN, Visual SourceSafe(VSS), GIT, Tortoise GIT  Data Base MongoDB, MYSQL  Tools & Utilities ICM, DDCT, Jenkins, Grunt, Gulp, Bower, NPM