Sr. Front- End Developer Sr. <span class="hl">Front</span>-<span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Sr. Front- End Developer - NDA Work Experience Sr. Front- End Developer NDA - New York, NY March 2018 to Present • Consulting with users and finance technology team, determining needs, and designing highly complex technology-based solutions.  • Developing sites with form based webpages in collaboration with SEO specialists to drive traffic, acquire new leads and increase conversion rate.  • Converting online forms to PDF contracts with automatic notifications on form submissions to VPs and various department heads.  • Routing all user data to Marketo and internal databases.  • Setting up live and local environments on AWS or Digital Ocean servers for LAMP or MEAN stack based projects as well as cron-jobs for automated database backups.  • Suggesting alternative approaches to meet user requirements.  • Evaluating business processes, workflow, database requirements, user requirements, and existing business application functionality; developing project scopes, feasibility studies, and system requirements.  • Fulfilling the role of Product, Program or Project Lead on a development team as needed.  • Experience leading a team of more junior employees providing guidance and expertise to help them learn  • Experience developing applications across the full stack with a heavy dose of experience between Node and building internal as well as public facing front- end CRUD, AMP and PWA, Progressive Web Applications, using Angular, Firebase, Node, and Content Management Sites such as Wordpress  • Built a fast application utilizing the Finicity API where users can quickly access their bank information directly for fast loan approval and future payment information dashboards for account management.  • Knowledge of JavaScript packages, package managers, bundlers, and their use in building and deploying complex interactive experiences.  • Experience leading small teams and mentoring junior developers.  • Understanding of SEO and accessibility issues and how they relate to development.  • Understanding of scaling strategies within a cloud environment.  • Solid understanding of browser rendering, and ability to fine-tune UX/UI.  • Testing and QA coordination. Front- End Developer - Freelance New York, NY January 2018 to March 2018 Building a private blockchain network using Ethereum Nodes, Mist Browser, Ethereum Wallet, Solidity and Geth  ? Creating and customizing smart contracts to be used in for bridal, hotel, pet health care and food industries.  ? Reaching out to security researchers to collaborate with them on using project as a test case for various verification tools Front- End Developer PIXACORE - New York, NY June 2016 to January 2018 Responsible for the planning and developing complex responsive websites and applications for Pixacore, a digital agency specializing in VR(virtual reality) software and website development for Bayer, Inc., a global enterprise with core competencies in the Life Science fields of healthcare and agriculture  ? Developed a patient cancer stage evaluation tool for healthcare professionals built with Angular 4, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, and REST APIs  ? Provided innovative digital solutions using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, PHP, SQL and Angular while following pixel precision design to presentation layer code Lead Cross-Functional Project Management from content, concept/research, creation, optimization, legal review, various stakeholders including account managers, designers, editors and QA  ? Delegated tasks to a full-stack team of five; provided training and coaching for junior developers  ? Performed audits on front- end pull requests and add bug fixes to features on a large-scale, multi-repository billing interface project using AngularJS, LESS, HTML5, BitBucket, and Gulp/Grunt  ? Led a front- end team of five to create new features, make updates to existing features using AngularJS, and consume JSON in an Agile environment.  ? Responsible for the front- end architecture, pull request reviews, post-merge deployments, and releases  ? Wrote JavaScript/AngularJS, HTML5, and CSS3/Sass and performed unit testing for new features on a successful rebranding project  ? Research, establish, document and maintain company coding best practices, development organization and workflow standards Lead Front- End Developer / Creative Project Manager Gabriel & Co March 2014 to March 2016 Built e-commerce applications, maintaining existing PHP code, optimizing Mongodb queries, developing custom solutions, and actively assist in improving the usability, usefulness, and functionality of highly customized consumer and B2B systems Integrated and support internal platforms with external systems, such as CMS, CRM, ERP, payment, shipping, etc.  ? Worked with common third-party API's(Google, etc.) Ensured the optimize performance of front- end applications, managing Javascript, SQL, JQuery, HTML/HTML5, and CSS file structures within application to optimize page-load performance and code maintainability  ? Analyze, design, code, debug, test, document, deploy and provide ongoing support for all web applications  ? Used HTML5, CSS3, Sass, jQuery, PHP, MySQL, Git, Gulp, Grunt, and REST/SOAP APIs to develop complex responsive WordPress themes and plugins  ? Delegated projects to four team members and provided mentoring for junior developers  ? Interfaced with clients and vendors and manage expectations during development.  ? Was instrumental in the development and launch of several large projects, leading to overwhelming client satisfaction and the establishment/continuation of long-term business partnerships  ? Researched, established, documented and maintained company coding best practices, development organization and workflow standards  ? Created a build script using Gulp.js task runner and a boilerplate theme for internal use Skills Ms visual studio, Visual studio, Firebase, Javascript, Bootstrap, Typescript, Php, Html5, Sass, Mysql, Mongodb, Nosql, Jira, Java, jquery, Apache, Linux, Contracts Additional Information Technical Skills    JavaScript, Angular 7, Nodejs, npm, Typescript, Es6, HTML5, CSS3, jQuery, PHP, Java, NoSQL, MySQL, Mongodb, Linux, Apache, AWS, Digital Ocean, Firebase, PWA, AMP, Bootstrap, SASS, LESS, Gulp, Bower, Homebrew, Ethereum-Wallet, Blockchain, Remix-Solidity IDE, Smart Contracts, MOZ, SEMrush, Google Tag Manager, Google Analytics, Heatmap, VirtualBox, Bitbucket, GitHub, JIRA, MS Visual Studio, PDFKit, Drift, Chatfuel, Marketo, Salesforce, Finicity