UI Developer UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> UI Developer - Acxiom Corporation Alpharetta, GA • Over7+ years of extensive experience as a Java Front End Developer.  • Expertise in client scripting language and serve scripting languages like Bootstrap, NodeJS, AngularJS, BackboneJS, JavaScript, JQuery,JSON.  • Extensive experience in designing professionalUIweb applications using front- end technologies like HTML5, DHTML, CSS3, JavaScript, XML, XHTML, AJAX.  • Experienced in J2EE (SDLC) of Business applications in web and client-server environment using Java and J2EE patterns, together with JSP, Servlet, SOAP, XML, XSLT, Java Mail, Log4j and RESTful Web Service.  • Hands on experience database design using PL/SQL to write Stored Procedures, Functions, Triggers and strong experience in writing complex queries, using Oracle 11g/10g, DB2, SQL Server ,MySQL. Also worked on NOSQL Databases such as Casandra and MongoDB.  • Proficient with creating Logos, Banners, Buttons, Icons and Images using Adobe Flash and Adobe Illustrator.  • Experience in Agile methodologies such as Extreme Programming, SCRUM, Waterfall Model and Test Driven Development.  • Used SVN, GITand CVS for version control and Clear Quest for bug fixing.  • Experience in various IDEs like Eclipse, Edit Plus, JSfiddle and Notepad++, Microsoft Visual.  • Good understanding of Document Object Model (DOM) and DOM functions. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience UI Developer Acxiom Corporation - Alpharetta, GA February 2016 to Present Project: Cash Management  Description: Cash Management Service, a part of the Internet Banking is designed to provide online collections information to Cash Management customers. Cash Management Internet Banking offers basic functionality such as User Management, Transaction Reporting for Collection and E-mail facility with Bank.  Roles & Responsibilities:  • Developed Angular JS functionality in the application to provide two-way binding to the system.  • Used XML Web services with SOAP protocol for transferring data between different applications.  • Used customized services and directives in Angular 2 to develop dynamic and responsive webpages.  • Web application development for backend system using Node.js.  • Used JDBC to query, update and maintain Database Servers using SQL queries.  • Used JQuery plug-ins for Drag-and-Drop, Widgets, Menus, User Interface and Forms.  • Involved in developing HTML5 and JavaScript for client side presentation and data validation within the forms.  • Produced content pages with CSS3 layout and style markup presentations and also used JavaScript methods and properties.  • Debug the application using Firebug to traverse the documents and manipulated the Nodes using DOM and DOM Functions.  • Involved in writing application level code to perform client side validation using JQUERY and JavaScript.  • Closely worked with business system analyst to understand the requirements to ensure that right set of UI modules been built.  • Participated in the team on agile development cycle.  • Given Extensive Support to the team for Deployment, Build, Configuration and Release Management.    Environment:HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, JSP, JSON, DOM, Node.js, Angular2Js, Require.js, Bootstrap, MVC, SOAP UI, Adobe Fireworks, AJAX, XML, Eclipse, PL/SQL, Windows 7/XP. Front End Developer Verizon Communications, NY February 2015 to January 2016 Description: The Acxiom Pursuit Portfolio previously referred to as Enterprise Validation Technology (EVT), has been enhanced to allow clients the capability to manage their own Scorecards through the use of a User Interface (GUI Designated associates will be given access within the User Acceptance Testing (UAT) environment to create, modify and promote scorecards for their company. Associates may also be designated with a Read-Only view of scorecards that are being used in Production.    Roles & Responsibilities:  • Designed and developed Web pages using HTML, CSS3 including Ajax controls, JSON and XML.  • Developed the UI Screens using HTML, DHTML, XML, Java Scripts, Ajax, JQuery Custom-tags, JSTL DOM Layout and CSS.  • Created the Application using React.JS and Node.js libraries NPM, gulp directories to generate desired view and flux to root the URL's properly. Used JQuery (JavaScript library) to navigate a document, select DOM elements, create animation effect, handle event and develop Ajax applications.  • Used AJAX with jQuery controls for Listing all scripts in a grid and can edit it in the grid which will reflect in the database table as well (like margins).  • Log4j used for logging the application log of the running system to trace the errors.  • Performed Unit test using JUnit testing framework.  • Wrote client Side code using React.js and used NPM & gulp directories to generate the server environments used browserfiy, flux to manage with targeted URL's (Uni - Directional data flows) and to monitor the application.  • Responsible for React UI and architecture. Building components library, including Tree, Slide-View, Table Grid.  • Develop various screens for the front end using React.JS and used various predefined components from NPM (Node Package Manager) and Redux library.  • Using JavaScript, jQuery, Kendo UI for user interactions in pages. Creating a Responsive web application integrating Twitter Bootstrap with React JS and media queries.  • Used Mongo-DB for storage and retrieval of data using key-value store, indexing, document-oriented storage, querying etc.  • Used Scrum process to the build and release process. Expertise in Build, Deploy and ReleaseEngineer with specialization in CVS, Subversion, ClearCase, and Cruise Control, Jenkins.  Environment:JavaScript, HTML, CSS3, DHTML/XHTML, XML, JQuery, AJAX, JSON, Backbone.js, React.JS, JSP, JSON, GWT 2.4, Eclipse, UML, Log4j, JMeter, JUnit, Web Sphere, MySQL, Linux. UI Developer Edward Jones - St. Louis, MO January 2014 to December 2014 Description:Edward Jones is a decidedly different kind of investment firm. Our mission is to help individuals reach their serious, long-term financial goals. It has more than 12,000 financial advisors located in more than 11,000 offices around the country. Most offices have only one financial advisor and one branch office administrator who are dedicated to helping the individual investors in their community reach their financial goals.  Developed a Portfolio review dashboard which is a single page application meant for Stakeholders and Business users for faster and easier access to critical information for data-driven decision-making.    Roles & Responsibilities:  • Follow Agile, scrum methodology for incremental software development.  • Worked closely with business-side clients to deliver attractive, easy-to-understand screens that appropriate reflected the company's fulfillment workflow.  • Developed user-friendly interface to seamlessly combine the new module with existing login system by using AngularJS frameworkand JQuery.  • Strong working experience in solving Cross-Browser Compatibility challenges and processing Responsiveness.  • Using AJAX to requestJSON data through third party REST APIs to acquire products data from server and display it in sorted order.  • Involved in using JQuery Validation Plug-in for client side validation.  • Designed navigation structure, interaction and styling for an AJAX environment.  • Used the responsive utilities of the Bootstrap frameworks to facilitate the design displaying properly on different devices.  • Used Django Framework in developing web applications to implement MVC  • Created clean user flows and site maps and developed wireframes and prototypes in AXURE RP  • Designed and Developed UI for Portfolio Review Dashboard application using AngularJS, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, LESS, JavaScript and JQuery  • Developed and Consumed RESTful APIs for web applications using Python and Django.  • Strong experience in developing Web Services with Python programming language.  • Used Avro for writing the Streaming messages into Kafka topic    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, JSON, AJAX, XML, XHTML, SVN, Angular JS, Bootstrap, Firebug, Adobe Photoshop,SOAP UI, PL/SQL, Oracle 11g, Apache, Kafka. JAVA UI Developer Surya Limited September 2011 to July 2013 Description:Surya Electronics is focused on creating sustainable value growth through Innovative Solutions, Quality, Business Ethics and Customer Delight. For the past 15 + years Surya Electronics has provided services to meet industry's expanding technology needs and we are proud to be involved in this vital industry.    Roles & Responsibilities:  • Worked on Design, UI, wire framing, HTML, CSS, jQuery, JSP, accessibility and optimization.  • Translated designs and style guides into functional user interfaces, ensuring cross browsercompatibility, performance and robustness.  • Utilized various jQuery plugins to build Rich Internet Application (RIA) to make it look more intuitive.  • Worked with full UI control of HTML/CSS, maintaining code and cleanliness.  • Created some prototype to implement some of the latest features of HTML and CSS.  • Worked with back end developers to implement AJAX and dynamicHTML functionality in jQuery.  • Worked with complete redesigns of a daily events website and focused on improving readability,utility and overall UX.    Environment: jQuery, XML, JSP, JavaScript, HTML, CSS3, DHTML, JMeter, JSON, AJAX, Image Optimizer, Eclipse, Windows 7/XP. Web Developer SBI Life Insurance - IN June 2009 to August 2011 Description:SBI Life Insurance is a joint venture life insurance company between State Bank of India (SBI), the largest state-owned banking and financial services company in India, and BNP Paribas Assurance. SBI Insurance Calculation service is a product developed to provide calculations for the products sold by SBI. The calculation service is a portable, platform independent collection of calculation routines.    Roles &Responsibilities:  • Analyzed, Designed and developed the system to meet the requirements of business users.  • Participated in the design review of the application to come up with UI and provide best possible recommendations for the application from UI standpoint.  • Implemented presentation tier using HTML, CSS3 by utilizing the mockups that were created by design team.  • Used AJAX for implementing part of the functionality for Customer Registration, View Customer information modules.  • Developed UI using JavaScript, HTML, CSS3, JavaScript validations and XML.  • Implemented interaction between frontend and backend using the JSON object.  • Wrote Cross Browser code of CSS3 and JavaScript for Internet Explorer and Firefox.    Environment: HTML, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, JSON, XML, XHTTML and DHTML, Windows 7/Vista. Education Bachelor's Skills JAVASCRIPT, JSON, PYTHON, XML, XSLT, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, JSP, JSON, DOM, Node.js, Angular2Js, Require.js, Bootstrap, MVC, SOAP UI, Adobe Fireworks, AJAX, XML, Eclipse, PL/SQL, Windows 7/XP. Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  Web Technologies: HTML5, Note++, Python, CSS2/CSS3, DHTML, XML, XHTML, XSLT, JavaScript, AJAX, JQuery, JSON, Apache.  JavaScript Libraries: Ext JS, BackboneJS, NodeJS AngularJS, RequireJS.  IDE's and Tools: Eclipse IDE, NetBeans, Dreamweaver, Firebug, Developer Tools, Edit Plus.  Development Tools: Adobe Photoshop CS5, Google Ad Words, Yahoo Search Marketing (spring tool suite),Axure.  Publishing Tools: Adobe PageMaker, MS Office  Debugging Tools: Firebug, Bugzilla, (internet explorer)  Database: PL/SQL (oracle), MySQL, MS-SQL, Mongo-DB, DB2.  Operating System: Windows 8 /7 /XP/ Vista, Mac OS, UNIX.