Software Developer Software <span class="hl">Developer</span> Software Developer I am a creative problem solver with a background in software development and auto mechanics. I am an insatiable    learner who strives to provide the right solution for your problem rather than the first obvious solution. I thrive when  working in a fast paced environment with a group of bright people.    SKILLS AND TOOLS  OLCC Marijuana Workers Permit Cash Handling Customer Service POS Excellent Math Skills Google Apps  Microsoft Office Suite Adobe Photoshop Microsoft Windows MacOS GNU/Linux HTML5 CSS3 JavaScript  ReactJS Certified ScrumMaster Git Work Experience Software Developer Frontside Software Inc - Austin, TX February 2018 to February 2019 Worked with team to design and implement features on the React-based user interface as part of a large scale  open-source project.  ? Aided with the introduction and set up of our open-source testing library as well as teaching other developers in using that library.  ? Helped set up documentation website for our open-source testing framework.  ? Did maintenance and feature development for our open-source testing and state management libraries.  ? Contributed to internally ran podcast as a member and occasional host. Front End Developer Q2 Software Inc - Austin, TX October 2016 to February 2018 Worked closely with a small team to build and maintain an enterprise scale single page application and SaaS  services.  ? Used strong code hygiene and automated unit testing practices.  ? Engaged in regular peer review and pair programming.  ? Fixed and debugged customer submitted software bug reports. Shop Manager Sticker Express LLC - Cedar Park, TX January 2013 to October 2016 Managed daily shop operations for a small, independently owned Texas safety and emissions inspection shop.  Responsibilities included:  ? Ordering shop supplies  ? Create shift schedules for a small team  ? Opening and closing shop for posted business hours  ? Perform safety and emissions testing on vehicles per state regulations  ? Provided personal repair advice and information to customers whose vehicles had issues passing inspection. Education Diploma Leander High School - Austin, TX November 2015 to March 2016