Full-Stack Developer Full-Stack <span class="hl">Developer</span> Full-Stack Developer - Washington State Department of Labor & Industries Olympia, WA • Over 6 (Six) years of Software and Web development experience in all phases of Software Development Life-Cycle (SDLC) including analysis, design, implementation, integration, deployment, testing and maintaining the application.  • Experienced in developing web application using HTML5, CSS, CSS3, JavaScript, Angular, Typescript.  • Extensive experience in developing web page quickly and effectively using HTML5, CSS3, Responsive Web Design and experience in making web pages cross browser compatible.  • Proficient in designing and developing the front end, component-based and object-oriented systems for building multi-tier architecture with hands-on development expertise in front end GUI layer.  • Experienced in developing web applications using JavaScript, Angular, HTML 5 and CSS 3.  • Experienced in solving cross -browser issue. Making sure application is working fine in other browsers.  • Experience with features of Angular 2, Angular 6, Angular Material such as directives, dependency injection, modules and routing  • Experience in working Component based Angular framework with Observables and RXJS library.  • Responsible for checking Cross Browser Compatibility of different elements and tags hence worked on different browsers like Internet Explorer, Google Chrome, Firefox, Opera, and Safari.  • Strong experience in developing websites using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, and JSON.  • Good knowledge of various databases like Oracle, SQL Server, Mongo DB and MySQL.  • Worked in Agile environment in quite a few projects.  • Expertise in Client Side designing and validations using TypeScript and Java Script.  • Sound Understanding and good Experience with Object Oriented Concepts, Object Oriented JavaScript, Object Oriented Design, Spring and Implementation.  • Significant experience in debugging web applications using tools like Firebug and Chrome Developer Tools.  • Experience with JavaScript framework like AngularJS, Angular and React.  • Experience with server-side JavaScript technologies like Node JS and basic understanding of React and Android framework.  • I'm a passionate Software Engineer striving to build products with a memorable experience.  • The technologies and framework that I develop in include JavaScript, Angular2+, React JS, Redux and Node.  • Problem solver with the ability to rapidly analyze challenges, applying strategic thinking to tactical concerns with strong problem-solving skills result-oriented oriented attitude.  • Excellent goal-oriented team Player, quick learner and self-starter with effective communication, motivation and organizational skills combined with attention to details and business process improvements.  • Adaptable to new, evolving technologies and can implement them in current projects. Sponsorship required to work in the US Work Experience Full-Stack Developer Washington State Department of Labor & Industries - Olympia, WA September 2018 to Present The Prevailing Wage Technology Enhancement Phase 3 project will expand the Web-based customer-service features and back- end functionality of the Prevailing Wage Suite (PWS) computer systems. This project will build upon the successes of the programs prior improvement projects by adding additional customer requested and legislative changes in support of L&I's customers and staff.  Responsibilities:  • Worked on compliant grievances forms Angular Reactive forms for the department of L&I.  • Worked on validation of Angular reactive forms. Written script more custom validators.  • Experience and exposure to build Angular 6 and NodeJS applications from scratch.  • Developed different Angular forms using Angular CLI, NGRX and Angular Material.  • Working on Cross browser issue. Making sure application is working fine on IE.  • Working on Architecture of Application, designing and them implementing using component-based architecture and restructuring the application making it more efficient and easier to debug.  • Developing new User Interface Screen and enhancing existing User Interface Screen for the internal tool Prevailing Wage Compliant Tool (PWCT).  • Working on Angular forms and implementing Validation for the angular form.  • Automating letters, creating letters UI for the Agents.  • Developing complex screen using Angular material and Mat Dialog using Angular.  • Experience in building high-performance, reusable and adaptive UI components.  • Working in Agile environment and following scrum methodology.  • Working with HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript to make it responsive.  • Extensive use of APIs and a strong understanding of HTTP and REST architecture.  • Close day to day interaction with business (Product Owner) in refining requirements as user stories, helping him refine acceptance criteria and demoing working software per requirements in short 2 weeks sprint cycle for acceptance.  • Exposure to work and build Web Services using MVC architecture.  • Assisted in peer review and technical discussions over evolving architecture. Expertise in debugging and troubleshooting existing code using Firebug and Developer Tools  • Using HTML, CSS, SASS, Angular 6, NGRX, for designing and developing web application based on component architecture. Follow agile development, attending sprint meeting biweekly.  • Work with version control tools such as TFS and Source tree for Code check in and Checkout. In this duty we use the tools like TFS to check out the code, check in the code which we developed.  Environment: Angular2, Angular 6, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, TFS, Visual Studio Code, Visual Studio, Node.js, REST, XML, JSON, MVC, Google APIs, SOAP UI, Agile. Web Developer T-Mobile - Bellevue, WA February 2017 to August 2018 T-Mobile is a telecommunication company. T-Mobile Next Generation (TMNG) is a website which controls untheorized user traffic during NPM Launch. This website is also used to launch new products or new iPhone lunch.  It also contains information regarding storing the information regarding store locator. I was working on Store locator, helped team to improve exiting and feature and developing new features. Store locator is an integral part of TMNG project which is built on AngularJS framework. It helps in finding store online based on zip code entered.  Responsibilities: -  • Co-ordinate with data team for flawless execution of overall project.  • Refactored and improved the quality of code for store Locator.  • Modifying the data from API according to business requirement, worked on various user stories.  • Build and deploy code to production environment using tools like Jenkins.  • Developed the various screens and its architecture in accordance to UI Specs.  • Worked on a POC related to our project in Angular2, using Typescript.  • Hands on experience on various latest features in Angular2 like interpolation, new coding guidelines i.e. component-based architecture.  • Wrote extensive HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript (ES6), AngularJS code to build dynamic pages using Web Storm.  • Involved in Enhancement of existing application utilizing AngularJS, developed routing through web pages and achieved Single page application (SPA). Used Angular JS to achieve two-way data binding.  • Successfully performed the migration from SOAP API to REST API using XML and JSON.  • Managed application state using server and client-based State Management options.  • Implemented single page applications (SPA) by using backbone views and routes to take the user to various views.  • Coded JS for Developed multiple POCs to create an interface between Backend to Frontend by using MongoDB, Express JS, Angular 2 and Node.js.  • Handled all aspects of the web application including maintaining, testing, debugging, deploying.  Environment: Angular2, Angular JS, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Bitbucket, WebStorm, Node.js, WordPress, REST, XML, JSON, MVC, Google Graphs, Google APIs, SOAP UI, Jasmine, karma, Bootstrap, Agile. Front - End Developer eBay - Bellevue, WA January 2016 to January 2017 Marketing One (M1) serves as one stop platform for all marketing related analytical information.  It brings together tools used by marketing teams to manage the marketing channels.  NPS is a measurement of customer loyalty. This customer metric used to evaluate the health of eBay's customer experience and brand and the analytical reports help eBay in investment decisions.  Responsibilities: -  • Involved in all aspects of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) such as user requirement gathering, business logic analysis, program specifications design and implementation.  • Designed intuitive UI for better user experience while analysing reports.  • Working as Front- End Web Developer for DTC (Direct to Consumer) e-commerce marketing team to build single page application.  • Developed Responsive Single-Page websites templates using HTML5, CSS3/SCSS, JavaScript, Typescript, Rest API's, Bootstrap3, flexbox, Angular4/5, ES6.  • Collaborate with co-workers and implemented different Components, built in Angular form validations.  • Worked on Angular AOT and Lazy loading to improve the application performance in low-speed internet connections  • Created different services such as page Service, panel Service to fetch data from backend based on Url.  • Implemented projects using Agile SCRUM methodology. Involved in daily stand up meetings, sprint showcase and retrospective.  • Implemented Caching with Redis for faster retrieval of data.  • Co-ordinate with data team for flawless execution of overall project.  • Monitor application post deployment to ensure end users are not impacted.  • Added Gzip filter in M1 to compress requests and responses for better performance  • Created Notification banner application for error handling for applications.  • Worked with Bit Bucket for recording the progress and later for version control.  • Used Jasmine and Karma as end to end testing tools for debugging.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, React JS, Angular, JAVASCRIPT, Bootstrap, jQuery, JSON, REST APIs, GIT, MongoDB, Jasmine, Karma, Bit Bucket, VS Code. UI Developer Sonexus Health - Bengaluru, Karnataka December 2014 to December 2015 Description: Sonexus Health delivers comprehensive solutions integrated across key provider and patient touch points. We empower pharmaceutical manufacturers by completely integrating direct distribution models with patient access and adherence services and financial solutions. Our proven leadership has the insight and understanding to shape these services to each partner's unique product needs.  Responsibilities:  • Involved in the analysis, design, and development and testing phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC).  • Gathered requirements and understanding them along with functional documents design.  • Designed and developed web applications that conform to accessibility standards (WCAG).  • Responsible for setting up AngularJS framework for UI development. Developed html views with HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript (ES6), JSON and AngularJS.  • Used AngularJS components such as Directives, filters, services, controllers for the logical implementation part at client side for all the applications.  • Developed SPA using ReactJS to utilize the HTML5 DOM features and update elements that are modified in the webpage.  • Implemented reactive Angular components using RXJS.  • Developed Web Services for data transfer from client to server and vice versa using SOAP and WSDL.  • Expertise in creating and consuming Web Services like Restful Web Services  • Using Agile (SCRUM) methodologies for Software Development.  • Using JIRA for bug tracking, issue tracking and project management functions.  • Used JUnit framework for unit testing of application and Maven to build the application and  • Deployed it on Tomcat 8  • Worked on Export to Excel and Print functionality and was able to print whole web page in landscape mode.  • Provided production level code to the engineering team for product development, including cross-browser support and CSS optimization  • Created custom directives for common functionality to be used in every view.  • Using GIT as the source control and STASH as repository.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, AngularJS, JavaScript, jQuery, JSON, Node.js, WebStorm ,Jasmine, Karma, Source Tree, Bitbucket, Bower, Handlebars and Grunt. Front End Developer Wipro - Bengaluru, Karnataka January 2014 to November 2014 Description: - Developed Internet banking System as proof of concept during my internship period. Manager of account can add, remove, update user. Manager acts as a admin. A normal user can register himself with bank and check his account details.  Responsibilities:  • Worked on User interface using HTML, CSS and JavaScript  • Worked on Business logic using .NET and ASP.NET framework.  • Worked on backend using SQL Server database. Involved in writing SQL Queries, Stored Procedures.  • Performed a lot of DOM manipulation using native JS and jQuery for loading and manipulating dynamic content on web pages.  • Participated in the research of new technologies like JQUERY-Mobile for few potential mobile app development efforts  • Performed a lot of DOM manipulation using native JS and jQuery for loading and manipulating dynamic content on web pages  • Development of Client-Side Validation techniques using WebRTC and jQuery and Angular JavaScript  • Primary role in integrating all three layers of projects following MVC Model.  • Written both server side and client-side validation.  Environment: HTML, JavaScript, CSS, .NET and ASP.NET, SQL Server Education Master's Skills VISUAL STUDIO, C#, C++, HTML, JAVASCRIPT, TYPESCRIPT, JENKINS, PYTHON, SVN, ANGULARJS, HTML5, CSS, DATABASE, MYSQL, PL/SQL, SQL, VERSION CONTROL, JIRA, ECLIPSE, JAVA Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS    Languages: C, C++, C#, JAVA, Python  Web Technologies: HTML, HTML5, CSS, CSS3, AngularJS 1.6, Angular 6,  JavaScript (ES6), TypeScript, React, Node JS  Framework: Angular JS, Angular, React  Developer Tools: Eclipse IDE, WebStorm, Visual Studio Code  Other Technologies: Agile Methodology, Waterfall  Version Control: ClearCase, SVN, GITHUB, TFS  Build technologies: Maven, Jenkins, Grunt, JIRA, ANT, GitHub  Database: PL/SQL(oracle), MySQL, MSSQL  Operating Systems: Windows XP/Vista/7, Mac OS X, Unix, Linux