User Experience Manager User Experience Manager UI/UX Design Manager - AgreeYa Solutions Sacramento, CA User Experience Manager • User Interface Designer • Front- End Developer    - Transformative user experience manager with 7 years of experience designing user experiences, facilitating workshops, managing teams of designers, and meticulous project execution.  - An energizing coach and mentor committed to advancing design in the organization, providing meaningful feedback and motivating team to achieve exceptional results.  - Exceptional leader with extensive people and strategic skills. Solve organizational issues, communications challenges, stakeholder management and strategic decision making. Work Experience User Experience Manager AgreeYa Solutions - Folsom, CA April 2017 to Present Initially hired as a Lead UI/UX Designer then promoted to a UX Manager position. Plan, oversee, and track the work of global team of UI/UX Designers across multiple projects. Collaborate with cross-functional teams to create products that users love using.    • Drove change in the organization by involving UX team in every step of the product lifecycle from user research to project completion resulting in improved customer satisfaction.  • Directed the redesign of Air Quality mobile app yielding a 73% increase in app downloads, 39% increase in active users and improved the app star ratings from 2.9 to 4.8.  • Facilitated User Centered Design (UCD) workshops involving many different parties in the design process to help identify challenges upfront so that solutions can be found early. Senior User Experience Designer Renter Inc - Roseville, CA April 2016 to April 2017 Developed product strategy by conducting market research and identifying user pain points. Led a remote team of UX/UI designers conducting user research, wire framing, prototyping, usability testing, and A/B testing.    • Led research efforts for 70+ users which helped to uncover the user's hidden fears that led to changing the pricing model resulting in 81% increase in sales.  • Improved design team efficiency by standardizing tools and processes allowing designers to better communicate and delegate projects between senior to junior designers. User Interface Designer SuiteAmerica - El Dorado Hills, CA 2014 to 2016 Initially joined as User Interface Designer to redesign the company's websites, mobile apps, and overall corporate identity. Convinced the stakeholders of the need of UX design as an essential part of the design process which resulted to a change of my role to User Experience Designer.    • Designed first of its class iPad app which replaced the printed guest materials with interactive and personalized content available in guest's room resulting in better user experience and engagement. User Interface Designer and Front- End Developer Apple - Cupertino, CA 2014 to 2014 Primary responsibly was to re-design six internal business intelligence web applications. Performed user-research, interface design and front- end web development. Was part of multiple Agile / Lean project lifecycles.    • Sold my design ideas to stakeholders which demonstrated my ability to design user friendly interfaces, resulting in minimal intervention in subsequent project designs. User Interface Designer and Front- End Developer Health Net - Rancho Cordova, CA 2012 to 2014 Brought in to streamline the website design/development process by standardizing the user interfaces used throughout the corporate websites. Created style guides, reusable html/css/javascript code templates, documentation how each user interface is to be used. Became a liaison between business and dev teams.    • Developed company's mobile strategy by first convincing stakeholders of the need for mobile support throughout the company's public facing websites. Front- End Developer Intel - Hillsboro, OR 2010 to 2012 Developed mobile-friendly, multi-language user interfaces using html/css/javascript.    • Presented website re-design recommendations to executives which resulted in about half of my recommendations made it to the future project plans. Education Bachelor's PCC - Pensacola, FL Skills Prototype (6 years), User Experience (5 years), User Experience Design (7 years), User Interface Design (7 years), User Research (3 years), Javascript (7 years), CSS (10+ years), Project Management (5 years), Information Architecture (4 years), Wireframing (6 years), Agile (10+ years), Adobe, UX, HTML5, Sketch Links http://uxfol.io/vitworks