Java Front End Developer Java <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Java Front End Developer/ UI Developer Ann Arbor, MI • Web UI Developer with 5 years of development experience with HTML, HTML5, XHTML, DOM, CSS, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX and JSON, Angular JS, Hibernate.  • Experience in complete Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) which includes analysis, design, development, deployment, testing, debugging, implementation & maintenance of large and complex enterprise applications in Web-based, Client/Server and Distributed n-tier J2EE architecture on multi-platform.  • Experience in working with Angular UI (companion suite to AngularJS) for utilizing Angular Bootstrap components, UI-select and UI-router.  • Expertise in building strong websites confirming Web 2.0 standards using Bootstrap Framework, JQuery UI, HTML, XHTML, DHTML & CSS to develop valid code and table-free sites.  • Extensive experience in creating style guides, best practices and setting UI standards for enterprise/consumer applications.  • Used the Node.js, Angular.js, backbone.js and Require.js MVC Frameworks in the development of the web applications.  • Experience in Cross browser compatibility testing and intellectual challenges in User Experience (UX), Responsive Web Design and Bootstrap.  • Proficient in Java, J2EE, JDBC, JavaScript, Maven, HTML, CSS, Angular JS, and Eclipse IDE.  • Experience working on agile environment.  • Extensive experience in jQuery, jQuery plugins, AJAX, dynamic HTML and JSON.  • Strong knowledge about Multithreading, Collections and Exception Handling mechanisms in Java.  • Experience on working with JIRA.  • Experience in design patterns using J2EE.  • Extensive familiarity with PL/SQL Oracle and MySQL database management  • Extensive experience in writing queries using DDL, DML commands, JOINS, Stored Procedures and complex Queries.  • Experience with Integration, regression testing, Production planning and production support activities.  • Highly motivated self-starter with strong analytical problem solving skills and an ability to multitask.  • A good team player with excellent communication, presentation and interpersonal skills and ability to prioritize and coordinate work across different geographic locations. Work Experience Java Front End Developer Aetna - Hartford, CT November 2018 to Present Responsibilities:  • Gathered and analyzed the requirements and converted them into User Requirement Specifications and Functional Requirement Specifications for the designers and developers to understand them as per their perspective.  • Worked in all the modules of the application which involved front- end presentation logic developed using Tiles, JSP and JavaScript.  • Designed and implemented the User Interface using JavaScript, HTML5, XHTML, XML, CSS3, JSP, AJAX and MySQL.  • Used JSP, Servlets, and HTML to create web interfaces. Developed Java Beans and used custom tag libraries for embedding dynamic into JSP pages.  • Involved in developing payment processing using the new available JavaScript Angular.js, Node.js using MVC architecture.  • Used the Node.js and Backbone.js MVC Frameworks in the development of the web applications.  • Used advanced level of HTML5, JavaScript, CSS3 and pure CSS layouts (table less layout).  • Created Images, Logos and Icons that are used across the web pages using Adobe Flash, Dreamweaver and Photoshop.  • Used JQuery plugins auto complete, validation, drag and drop and more exceptionally.  • Produced content pages with CSS3 layout and style markup presentations and also used JavaScript methods and properties.  • Debugged the application using Firebug to traverse the documents and manipulated the Nodes using DOM and DOM Functions using Firefox and IE Developer Tool bar for IE.  • Used AJAX extensively to implement front end /user interface features in the application.  • Used SOAP, JAXB, JAXP, XML/XSLT and WSDL for developing Web Services.  • Involved in using CVS for project management and version management.  • Developed Functional Requirement Document based on users' requirement.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Dreamweaver, Adobe Illustrator, MVC, AJAX, Angular.js, Backbone.js, Node.js, Require.js, CVS, Web services, XML, XSLT, Junit, TDD, Oracle, Windows. Software Engineer Silverwing Technologies Pvt Ltd April 2014 to September 2018 Responsibilities:  • Involved in Requirement gathering phase in order to gather the requirements from the business users and dealing with UX team to continuously accommodate changing user requirements. Expertise in client side designing and validations using HTML5, DOJO, CSS, JavaScript and JQuery.  • Participated in Agile Process/SCRUM Meetings.  • Developed detailed mockups, prototypes and wireframes to illustrate interface and design concepts of the website using Microsoft Visio.  • Involved in designing and implementing Web3.0 Rich UI for the Self-service Application using JQuery Ajax framework and Widget based JavaScript programmed model.  • Involved in the creation of interface to manage user menu and Bulk update of Attributes using Angular.js, Bootstrap.js, Node.js, EXT.js and jQuery.  • Worked on the modernization of a legacy and outsourced UI. Technologies used were Angular.js, Node.js, and jQuery UI.  • Designated UI architecture for the internal web application and worked with designers to construct conceptual Wireframes and Mockups.  • Worked upon the dashboard for the project which contained a variety of charts and drag gable components using JQUERY UI Library.  • Used AJAX for implementing part of the functionality for Customer Registration, View Customer information modules.  • Used Dreamweaver, Photoshop, Flex for implementing application and designing graphics and images.  • Used Dojo Components and integrating back- end applications with AJAX driven web 2.0 front- end using OO JavaScript framework.  • Development of the interactive UI's for the front end users using the front end technologies like HTML, CSS, JavaScript and JQuery.  • Designed dynamic client-side JavaScript, codes to build web forms and simulate process for web application, page navigation and form validation.  • Implemented CSS3 and JavaScript based navigation system visually identical to previous table-based system to improve ease of maintenance and organic search engine placement.  • Successfully handled JSON/XML data and carried out JSON/XML parsing for form submissions and DOM manipulation.  • Written Ajax driven JSON consuming JavaScript functions to save User selections such as radio button, drop-down menu selections into a cookie.  • Used CSS Blueprint to create grids and adopt cross browser interactive features and to make the web pages more.  • Implemented XML parsing code for different application.  • Created pages in Mockups and validated the HTML code with W3C Validator. Involved in fixing Front- End issues with the layouts.  • Designed and development of Web pages using PHP, HTML, CSS including Ajax controls and XML  • Maintained and manipulated databases for XML parsing for applications in MySQL.  • Designed DOM based interactive to reprogram selected links and adopted WCAG 3.0 standards for HTML and XHTML and W3C standards for CSS as well.  • Created and modified new and existing pages, applied new styles on the pages with the help of Dojo and JavaScript.  • Worked with the team of architects and back- end Developers to gather requirements and enhance the application functionality and add new features.    Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, AJAX, Angular.js, Node.js, JQuery UI, Responsive Web Design, JSON, DOM, DOJO, XML, XHTML, Flex, agile and Windows. Education Bachelor's Skills Html, Javascript, Angular.js, Node.js, Json, Xml, Xslt, Ajax, Dhtml, Dreamweaver, Tomcat, Web design, Web logic, Eclipse, Java, jquery, Html5, Ms access, Mysql, Oracle Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:    Languages C, Java, PL/SQL  Web Design  HTML/HTML5, CSS2/CSS3, DHTML, XML, XHTML, XSLT, AJAX, JavaScript, JQuery, JSON, Apache, Ext JS, Backbone.js, Node.js, Angular.js, require.js    Code Control tools GitHub, Team Foundation Server  IDE's and Tools Eclipse IDE, NetBeans, Dreamweaver, Firebug, Developer Tools, EditPlus, JSfiddle, Webstrom, Tatastrom, Sublimetext  Web Servers Web Logic, Apache Tomcat, Jetty  Databases Oracle, MySQL, MS Access  Operating Systems Windows, Mac OS, Unix/Linux