Senior Software Engineer - Front- end Developer Senior Software Engineer - <span class="hl">Front</span>-<span class="hl">end</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Senior Software Engineer - Front- end Developer - Prudential Metuchen, NJ • Over 6 years of in the field of front- end Web Development including Client-facing and internal-facing web application design  • Experience in implementing and maintaining web applications using HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, and JavaScript.  • Experience in JavaScript coding and debugging using ES5 and ES6.  • Experience in using JavaScript frameworks and libraries such as React.JS, Redux and jQuery.  • Good knowledge of writing code that performs partial page updates and makes requests to APIs using AJAX or Fetch.  • Experience in creating page layouts using CSS, CSS3 and SASS for the style sheet management frameworks.  • Experience in customizing CSS frameworks such as Bootstrap and Semantic UI using CSS pre-processors SASS or LESS.  • Experienced in using version control tools such as Git and SVN and package manager like NPM.  • Working knowledge of bundling and optimizing code using tools such as Webpack.  • Working experience with acceptance test driven development and performance driven development methodologies.  • Some Experience in database like SQL expression  • Some experience of Restful API and the back- end programming language such as Java.  • Working knowledge of Agile development process such as Scrum. Work Experience Senior Software Engineer - Front- end Developer Prudential - Roseland, NJ December 2017 to Present Project Description:  Deliver high quality code for the web user interfaces in front end technologies with attention to detail using html, and JavaScript functionalities (ReactJS).  Responsibilities:  • Involved in developing UI pages using HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript, AJAX, JSON, Node.js, ES6, React and Bootstrap.  • Involved in developing web pages applications using React along with server-side RESTful web services.  • Used Redux to manage global states used by multiple components in different levels of the application.  • Used Redux-Store for storing state of the React Application and worked with middleware for the Redux-Store.  • Used React-Router to implement Single-Page-Application.  • Developed time out functions, cards, Dialogs, Forms, Tables, Switches, Icons, Dashboards, Widgets, Charts and buttons for developing Bootstrap using React JS.  • Used Fetch API and Promise to retrieve and process data from the backend.  • Used IE developer toolbar and chrome canary tool to debug and fix issues.  • Used GIT for version controlling and regularly pushed the code to GitHub.  • Work on agile Scrum teams to understand business needs and transform them into solutions.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Bootstrap, jQuery, ReactJS, Redux, NPM, AJAX, JSON, NodeJS, Sublime Text Editor, GIT, GRUNT. UI Developer Cottonwood Financial - Irving, TX February 2016 to October 2017 Project Description: Involved in UI development team to launch and maintain a high utility interface website and participated in the team to help developing specific sections and transferring website from jQuery to React.js.  Responsibilities:  • Involved in developing UI pages using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, AJAX, JSON, Node.js, ES6, React and Bootstrap.  • Worked to support he software development life cycle (SDLC), including requirements gathering, technical design, change management, unit testing, user acceptance testing, bug fixing and debugging production problems.  • Used Bootstrap to implement the basic layouts of the forms on the web pages.  • Used CSS flex-box to position the buttons and other components on the web pages.  • Improved accessibility and Search Engine Optimization (SEO) with HTML metadata and headers.  • Create highly reusable CSS codes for different sections on the website.  • Applied jQuery scripts for basic animation and end user screen customization purposes.  • Used React router to implement different content updates without refreshing the DOM and the whole page.  • Used AJAX and JSON to send requests to the backend and processing the received data.  • Used Promise in ES6 to handle asynchronous events, especially for data fetching, and added loading image on the page when loading.  • Tested the styles and functionalities in multiple browsers to ensure the cross-browser compatibility.    Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Bootstrap, jQuery, ReactJS, Redux, NPM, AJAX, JSON, NodeJS, Sublime Text Editor, GIT. UI Developer Perspecta - Chantilly, VA October 2014 to December 2015 Project Description: Designed and implement Web application about providing better interactive experience for users, also updating and maintaining features.  Responsibilities:  • Participated in implementing several Chart components that can be transferred and utilized by multiple teams.  • Used HTML, CSS, and Bootstrap to implement the layouts of the interfaces.  • Used CSS Media Queries and set break points to create responsive interfaces for different devices.  • Enhanced and built reusable components across different modules using custom directives and CSS classes.  • Used JavaScript, jQuery events for user interactions in pages.  • Used JSON for transferring and storing data on the server.  • Used AJAX and JSON to send requests to the API and handle the received data.  • Tested front- end codes in multiple browsers to ensure the cross-browser.    Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Bootstrap, jQuery, AJAX, JSON, GIT. UI Developer Contemporary Staffing Solutions - Fort Washington, PA August 2013 to August 2014 Project Description: My responsibilities in the team was mainly to implement styles and components of an internal web application.  Responsibilities:  • Involved in developing responsive and interactive interfaces for the web application.  • Built interactive prototypes using HTML, CSS and JavaScript from designer's sketches.  • Used JavaScript, jQuery for user interactions in pages.  • Using framework such as Bootstrap to implement responsive layouts of the webpages.  • Wrote external CSS file, which linked to the HTML file to optimize the layouts and increase the traffic of the website.  • Worked on Cross-Browser compatibility and fixed the bugs for several browsers.  • Created reusable and valid CSS templates to reduce loading.  • Developed application logos and images using Adobe Photoshop.  • Used debugging tools such as Chrome Developer tools to locate the issues and fix bugs.    Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, GIT. Education Master of Technology in Computer Science in Computer Science Stevens Institute of Technology Skills Git, Javascript, Bootstrap, Redux, Webpack, Json, Svn, Html5, Ajax, Java, jquery, Database, Sql server, Mysql, Sql Additional Information SKILL SET    Web Programming Language HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript  Programming Language Java  Database MySQL, SQL Server,  Skills jQuery, JSON, Ajax  Framework React JS, NodeJS, Bootstrap, Redux  Management Tools Git, SVN, NPM, Webpack