Senior Web Developer / Tech Lead Senior Web <span class="hl">Developer</span> / Tech Lead Senior Web Developer / Tech Lead - JPMorgan Chase Westerville, OH • 7+ years of extensive experience in developing and implementing Front- End UI web applications using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, Node.js, Web Content Management, and other JavaScript libraries.  • Proficient in Single Page Application (SPA) design with RESTful API and Model View Controller (MVC).  • Experienced in MEAN stack development using MongoDB, Express.js, Angular.js and Node.js.  • Familiar with popular JS frameworks including Angular, React, Ractive and Vue.  • Great Critical Thinking ability to analyze business requirements and provide optimal solutions.  • Experienced in Project Management and have participated in the full SDLC using Agile and Scrum.  • Excellent verbal and written communication skills across system developers, non-technical users and clients. Strong business sense, self-starter and a solid team player.  • Excellent in JavaScript development using Callback, Closure, Promise, Functions and Prototype.  • Great understanding of OOP in JS using function Class, constructors and create object instances.  • Proficient in Aspect-Oriented Programming to optimize solutions and performance using meld.js.  • Strong understanding of HTML Document Object Model (DOM) with extensive working experience using jQuery for DOM manipulation, Input Form, Selectors, Event Handler, Functions and AJAX.  • Solid debugging skill using Chrome Developer debugger breakpoints, Firebug, IE Tester and Console.  • Extensive knowledge in Unit Testing using Karma.js and Chai.js, and mocking using sinon.js.  • Solid understanding of web testing such as integration testing, UI testing, and End-to- End testing.  • Familiar and managed front- end and back- end dependencies management using NPM, Bower, Yarn.  • Experienced with version control and bug tracking tools like Git, Bitbucket, JIRA and Bugzilla.  • Experienced in NoSQL and SQL database such as MongoDB, Redis, MySQL and Oracle.  • Hands-on experience in database development, backup and restore via Oracle Express 10/11g.  • Working knowledge with AWS such as Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2) and Cloud Storage Service (S3). Work Experience Senior Web Developer / Tech Lead JPMorgan Chase - Columbus, OH May 2016 to Present Projects: Appkit-Utilities, BlueJS Framework, Chase 3.0  JPMorgan Chase is a multinational banking and financial services holding company headquartered in NYC. This project is to extend and maintain the existing complex web applications developed by JPMC. My duty is to participate in a scrum team and develop generic modules and optimal solutions to be used across different applications and teams.     Responsibilities:  ·        Experienced in various phases of Software Development Life Cycle, such as conducting Requirements Analysis, Application Design, Application Development and Maintenance.  ·        Participated in software development using both Agile and Kanban Methodology and met bi-weekly sprint requirements by joining daily scrum stand-up meetings and achieving daily goals.  ·        Managed day-to-day operations of Appkit-Utilities project. Main duties as a Tech Lead include:  o  Participated in weekly prioritization calls, troubleshooting calls, collect business requirements, communicate and collaborate with teams in NY, SF and offshore teams in India.  o  Evaluated, redesign existing modules, or create new utilities based on customer requests. Works are done in generic fashion so they can be used across multiple applications.  o  Maintained a reference application to show descriptions and demo usages.  o  Wrote release updates notes and make periodic product releases.  o  Expanded documentation on individual modules and customer support.  ·        Proficient in modular programming to design and create small modules using Node.js for easy distribution, version control and dependency management.  ·        Proficient in functional programming using reactive libraries such as Keflr.js and Bacon.js.   ·        Handled Cross Browser Compatibility across browsers, including chrome, firefox, IE and safari.  ·        Handled Cross Platform Compatibility, including Windows, Mac, iOS and androids.  ·        Provided solutions and worked with Hybrid application between native apps and web apps.  ·        Utilized JSP Session Scope Object to maintain client status using Session, Cache and Cookies.  ·        Regular application and framework validations and debugging to ensure application qualities.  ·        Ensured code quality by conducting Unit Testing using Chai and Sinon with Karma, bringing up the test coverage of the project to as high as 94% and generated reports using Blanket.js.  ·        Utilized Git, Stash and Bitbucket to achieve Version Control and used JIRA for bug tracking.    Environment:  HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, JSON, Node.js, Lodash.js, Unix, VIM, Jasmine, Chai.js, Karma, Blanket.js, Sinon.js, Meld.js, Ractive.js, Keflr.js, NPM, Gulp, GIT, JIRA Senior Web UI Developer Ripen eCommerce - Princeton, NJ February 2015 to April 2016 Ripen eCommerce is an e-commerce solution provider that helps retailers launch new internet businesses and assists existing businesses to solve complex web issues. This project was to extend the existing functionalities and redecorate the appearance of the original website. My duty was to participate in website design and visualize it using various web technologies like MEAN stack and made sure the product met the client's requirements in timely fashion.    Responsibilities:  • Participated in software development using Agile SDLC and met monthly sprint requirements by joining scrum meetings and achieving daily goals.  • Designed and created MEAN Stack Single Page Application using Angular.js and Node.js.  • Designed, developed and maintained server-side RESTful APIs using Node.js.  • Create web content using HTML5 markup and familiar with new features such as Semantics, Multimedia, Application Cache, Input Validation, Web Workers, Local Storage and Geolocation.  • Rich experience in CSS3 styling, including new features such as Selectors, Box Sizing, Text Effects, 2D/3D Transformations, Animations, Shadows, Gradients and CSS3 Media Queries.  • Handled Cross Browser Compatibility issues and unified CSS layout across various browsers.  • Proficient in Custom and Responsive Design using Bootstrap features such as Grid System, Glyphicons, Navbar, Modal, Pagination, Carousel, Jumbotron, Dropdown and Buttons.  • Created Custom Directives, UI-Route, Controllers, Animations and Filters using Angular.js.  • Implemented UI-Bootstrap to create navigation bar, dropdown, image carousel and modal.  • Implemented JavaScript input functions and validations such as date-picker and calculator.  • Implemented Passport.js for user sign-up, local or third-party authentication and authorization.  • Collected application database requirements and created custom database using MongoDB.  • Created RESTful API using node.js to insert data and retrieve data from MongoDB.  • Imported Mongoose.js library and rendered views through Angular.js to staff and customers.  • Beautified banners and photos using Photoshop with Magic Wand, Brush, Clone and Filters.  • Created advertisements using InDesign tools like Type, Transformation and Gallery.  • Ensured product quality by conducting Unit Testing using Jasmine combined with Karma.  • Utilized Git to achieve Version Control and used JIRA for bug tracking.    Environment:  HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, JavaScript, jQuery, Angular.js 1.3, AJAX, MongoDB, JSON, node.js, express.js, Passport.js, Q.js, Linux, VIM, Git, Jasmine, Karma, Photoshop, InDesign Web Developer, Lab Assistance JMS Technology Group, LLC - Philadelphia, PA March 2014 to January 2015 JMS Technology Group, LLC is an IT service provider that offers various services related to network management, Website and application development, Internet security and cloud hosting. My role was to create an internal management system to increase staff efficiency and extend business functions. My duties also included overseeing the computer lab and working with network engineers to design wired and wireless network based on clients' requirements.    Responsibilities:  • Experienced in full Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and participated in software development using Agile Methodology to effectively achieve client's expectations.  • Used JavaScript frameworks to design and create Single Page Application with Node.js.  • Created elegant front- end design using AdminLTE Template to create control panel and dashboard.  • Applied Responsive Design that suits desktop, tablets, and mobiles using Bootstrap and CSS.  • Implemented Bootstrap features such as Nav, Dropdown, Modal, Carousal, and Pagination.  • Utilized Bootstrap and CSS to improve user experience and provide elegant visual effects.  • Worked with jQuery to Manipulate DOM and achieve autocomplete, date-picker and toggle.  • Developed and rendered different views to users based on role authorizations via Passport.js.  • Conducted Requirement Analysis to design and implement custom database using MongoDB.  • Developed the database operation APIs via Node.js and Mongoose to interact with MongoDB.  • Implemented server-side RESTful APIs using Node.js with JavaScript.  • Worked with AWS team to upload and backup data into Amazon Web Services cloud.  • Created Single Page Application with node.js by utilizing URL Routing and State Transition.  • Implemented nodemailer.js to send emails to users for new notifications and password reset.  • Imported Q.js and lodash.js as the Promise library to handle the Asynchronous function calls.  • Maintained computer lab, developed Disaster Recovery plan and Business Contingency plan.  • Diagnosed networking issues using Wireshark and troubleshoot L2/L3 network problems.  • Worked with network engineers to design 802.3 networks and 802.11 wireless LAN design.    Environment:  HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript, jQuery, Backbone.js, MongoDB, node.js, Linux, Amazon Web Services, VIM, Git, 802.3, 802.11, jPerf, Wireshark, Channelizer, AirMagnet Front- end Developer ACS Inc - Liverpool, NY February 2013 to January 2014 ACS Inc. provides services related to Internet marketing to help business owners expand their markets and reach new customers. I have involved in website design, web maintenance, logo design and internet marketing. My duties also included business branding and social media marketing.    Responsibilities:  • Designed, created and maintained front- end page layouts using HTML and CSS.  • Redesigned the Navigation Bar, Dropdown Menu, Buttons and Tables.  • Designed and created a specialized Mobile Site to improve user experience.  • Solved Cross-Browser issues and improved consistency on Safari, Chrome, Firefox and IE.  • Achieved DOM Manipulation using jQuery to alter HTML, CSS, and event handling such as Hide, Show, Form Validation, and Toggle-able Tabs.  • Used Firebug to inspect webpage behavior and debug.  • Hands-on experience with writing queries to retrieve data from MySQL databases.  • Created statistic reports using Google Charts.  • Utilized online marketing campaigns and social media marketing to promote brand identities.  • Experienced in Adobe Photoshop for asset creation and image modifications.  • Hands-on experience with InDesign to create advertisements for emails promotions and flyers.  • Used SVN for Version Control and managed code repository.  • Participated in weekly and monthly meetings to update progress to meet monthly goals.    Environment:  HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, Social Media, Photoshop, InDesign, MySQL, SVN, Firebug Education M.S. in Information in Management Syracuse University - Syracuse, NY B.S. in Information Technology in Information Technology Syracuse University - Syracuse, NY Skills Visual studio, Git, Html, Javascript, Bootstrap, Reactjs, Json, Ajax, Css, jquery, Android, Angularjs, Html5, Ios, Mysql, Oracle, Oracle 10, Mongodb, Redis, Linux Additional Information Technical Skills  Languages JavaScript, HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3  Web Technologies REST, jQuery, Bootstrap, AngularJS, RactiveJS, ReactJS, VueJS, AJAX, JSON  Developing Tools Git, Bitbucket, Sublime, VIM, Brackets, Komodo, Notepad++, Visual Studio, AWS S3, Jasmine, Karma, Grunt, Selenium, JIRA, Bugzilla  Databases Oracle 10/11g, MySQL, MongoDB, SQLite3, Redis  Networking 802.3, 802.11 a/b/g/n/AC, Troubleshooting, Wireshark, Cisco Packet Tracer  Operating Systems Mac OS, Linux, MS Windows , VMware, iOS, Android