Front End Developer, Performance Consultant <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span>, Performance Consultant Front End Web Developer Chicago, IL Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Front End Developer, Performance Consultant iProspect - Chicago, IL February 2018 to Present Build accessible performance optimized customer facing UIs using modern web tools. Contribute to and maintain reusable components repository. Ensure the technical feasibility of UI/UX designs, accessibility compliance and best practices across projects. Consult on performance issues, auditing brand experiences and delivering recommendations and monitoring progress. Front End Web Developer Ahold/Peapod - Chicago, IL 2017 to January 2018 Build responsive apps/sites consuming RESTful APIs for internal brands as a member of agile front end web  app dev team using Backbonejs, Marionettejs, ES6, babel, browserify, grunt, Foundation, git and JIRA Web Developer The Art Institute of Chicago 2016 to 2016 Developed projects for the digital marketing department of the Institute, including exhibition microsites -  (http://extras.artic.edu/van-gogh-bedrooms) using Sinatra/Ruby and AngularJS along with animated HTML5 ads  using GreensockJS and including revenue tracking trafficked through Flashtalking. Other responsibilities included  feature development for digital marketing department such as custom content and catalog blocks on exhibition  pages and maintaining a Sinatra app for templating emails. Freelance Web Developer General Growth Properties 2014 to 2015 Flashtalking - Ported interactive flash content to HTML5  General Growth Properties - Front end development for 100+ mall websites - ggp.com  Legacy Marketing Group - Front end development and Javascript applications for mobile apps and sites.  Superfly - Front end development for the Bonnaroo music festival - bonnaroo.com  88 Brand Partners - Developed Drupal sites for restaurant group client - urbanbellychicago.com,  bellyqchicago.com, soltorotequilagrill.com  CBD Marketing - Developed Wordpress sites - bdingredients.com Web Developer - Discovery Education Discovery Education - Chicago, IL 2013 to 2014 Contributed to the development of web-based K-12 curriculum including the student portal and interactive  assessments. Built single page web apps using REST-ish apis, AJAX/JSON, and javascript templates  (Handlebars). Created a synchronized cross-device mobile testing environment. Web Developer Reuseit.com 2011 to 2012 Developed ecommerce site for online retailer of reusable versions of typically disposable products. Redesigned  site, coordinated with 3rd party vendors, worked closely with designers to improve UX. Used a LAMP stack  including OSCommerce, Zend, PHP/MySQL, HTML/CSS, Javascript and JQuery. Freelance Web Developer Classified Ventures 2006 to 2010 Tribune Interactive, Ki Edit and Design, Classified Ventures (homefinder.com) Web Developer/UI Designer Haagenti Group - Berlin, DE 2006 to 2007 Built call control and billing systems for mobile companies. Education BFA The School of the Art Institute of Chicago - Chicago, IL Skills Javascript (10+ years), CSS3 (4 years), HTML 5 (4 years), PHP (5 years), ruby (1 year), backbonejs (1 year), webpack (2 years), react native (Less than 1 year), HTML5, Bootstrap, React (1 year), SCSS/SASS (3 years), Jquery, Wordpress, Front End Certifications/Licenses React