Sr. UI Contractor Sr. UI Contractor Sr. UI Cloud Engineer Seattle, WA Senior UI cloud engineer with more than a decade of professional experience delivering web based software solutions. Problem solver first programmer second possessing an acute ability to anticipate useful features, translate business requirements to technical tasks and use best practices. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr. UI Contractor MOTOR INFORMATION SYSTEMS - Troy, MI November 2018 to August 2019 Programmed AWS EKS .NET Core web app using Angular with NgRx.  Authored unit tests using Jasmine and integration tests using Testcafe.  Led tech design discussions and presented solutions to enterprise architect.  Conducted iteration planning and backlog grooming meetings.  Refined and created TFS user stories from high-level business requirements. Sr. UI Contractor Ally Financial - Detroit, MI April 2018 to June 2018 Programmed front- end of AWS Java SSO web app using Angular with Ngrx.  Headed front- end architecture for new mini-sites to sell vehicle warranties.  Met with stakeholders and architect to plan warranty API docs site.  Authored and organized VersionOne development workload. Sr. UI Contractor Clarivate Analytics - Ann Arbor, MI November 2017 to April 2018 Programmed front- end of AWS admin web app using Angular & Material.  Created RESTful API end-points with unit tests using Ruby on Rails.  Refactored stored procedures into app layer using interactor pattern.  Authored epics, user stories, and tasks in JIRA. Software Architect Latcha & Associates - Farmington Hills, MI January 2016 to August 2017 Led technical design of features using PHP, .NET Framework, and AngularJS.  Conversed with stakeholders to plan, estimate, and refine JIRA workload.  Delegated JIRA tasks, conducted code reviews, and coordinated releases.  Migrated code base from subversion to git, instituted gitflow, & CI pipeline. Web Developer Shinola Detroit - Detroit, MI May 2014 to December 2015 Installed, extended, and created extensions for PHP AWS Magento website.  Launched responsive PHP AWS Drupal publication mini-site - The Journal.  Authored ecommerce team and executive reports using PHPReports.  Developed prototype PHP Drupal site for MakersMonday.com. Web Developer Rural Sourcing Inc - Augusta, GA July 2013 to March 2014 Launched responsive PHP LMS Drupal website for Zaxby’s.  Migrated NBA individual team sites from PHP Drupal 6 to Drupal 7.  Maintained NBA individual team PHP Drupal 6 websites.  Interviewed and mentored other PHP developers. Web Developer Morris Communications - Augusta, GA July 2010 to June 2013 Installed, extended and created modules for suite of PHP Drupal websites.  Launched dedicated mobile vertical websites for classified ads.  Developed Sencha Touch 2 prototype for newspaper website.  Maintained legacy C, C++, Java, & shell scripts. Web Developer ExtJS - Clinton Township, MI August 2009 to April 2010 Created LAMP ecommerce multi store- front website.  Built ecommerce store front admin interface using ExtJS.  Integrated payment and shipping modules with multiple vendors.  Designed and implemented theme for ecommerce website using CSS. Education BFA in Graphic Design Savannah College of Art & Design 2004 to 2009