Front End Developer/UI Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span>/UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End Developer/UI Developer - Master Card St. Louis, MO • Six Years of Extensive IT experience which includes the experience in designing User Interface (UI) applications  • A professional experience in the software development life cycle phases including analysis of requirements, Applications design, Development, integration, Installation, maintenance, implementation and testing of various client/server, N-tier and web applications.  • Good experience using HTML 4.0/5.0, CSS, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, React JS, AngularJS/2/4/5, Ajax, Adobe and JSON.  • Experienced on CSS Background, CSS Margins, CSS Text, CSS Borders, CSS Alignments, CSS Padding, CSS Tables, and CSS Behaviors.  • Strong Experience in dealing with CSS Animations, Backgrounds, Layouts, Positioning, Text, Border, Padding, CSS Box Model and CSS3 Media queries.  • Used the concepts of Pseudo classes, layouts, positioning, text, border, transforms and padding in the various projects  • Experience working with CSS pre-compilers like LESS and SASS.  • Experience working with Responsive Web design. Creating the responsive Web Pages and designing crossing browser compatibility for mainstream browsers and portable devices (mobile, tablet, laptop) by Bootstrap.  • Excellent skills in building Single Page Application (SPA) using Angular JS  • Experience working with JavaScript/Typescript MVC frameworks AngularJS. also, Checkout product based on Backbone, MVC and Mobile modular design.  • Good Experience in to build User Interactive Web pages by using web technologies React/Redux, redux-saga.  • Familiar in SOAP and RESTful Web Services.  • Good Web Application debugging skills using Chrome Developers Tool and Firebug.  • Worked on web applications that required cross browser compatibilities like Chrome, Safari, Firefox, Internet Explorer, and Opera.  • Good Experience working in Agile and Waterfall (SDLC Methodologies) environments.  • Involved in daily SCRUM meetings to keep track of the ongoing project status and issues.  • Strong experienced in debugging and troubleshooting the existing code.  • Experience in Version Control tools including GIT and SVN.  • Having Strong written and oral communication skills.  • Capable performing in a fast paced, result driven atmosphere & self-motivated team player with excellent interpersonal and communicational skills. Work Experience Front End Developer/UI Developer Master Card - St. Louis, MO June 2018 to Present Responsibilities:  • Built Web pages that are more user-interactive using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, NodeJS, Angular2, Adobe and Angular4/5.  • Responsible in transforming the wireframes and mockups to develop web pages.  • Designed and Developed User Interactive single page web applications (SPA) using Angular4.  • Implemented Angular features like components, directives, pipes, services and adopted new features from Angular 4 in our application.  • Created rich web UIs that merge with back- end components using JavaScript/typescript and Angular 4 in conjunction with HTML5 & CSS3 and Used Material Design library for Rich UI/UX designs.  • For the data communication between various components used Input, output, directives and shared services.  • For the better user navigation between the components used routing feature using router module.  • Implemented Template Driven Forms and Model Driven Forms including Form controls and custom form validations in the application.  • Created Custom Directive for Type ahead search facility using RXJS and Angular4 which can be attached in any input field  • Responsible for validation of Client interface JSP pages using Struts form validations.  • Used open source library like Angular material to create customized components.  • Used NgRx store to setup an immutable data structure and makes consistent applications on top of Angular.  • Implemented the Lazy Loading of the modules to optimize the overall application speed.  • Implemented TDD (Test Driven Development) approach by using testing tools such as Jasmine, Karma.  • Well experienced in checking cross-browser compatibility for different versions of IE, chrome, Firefox, Safari.  • Used component-based architecture to develop reusable Angular4 components.  • Used Bootstrap 4 to style the web pages and make the application responsive.  • Used CSS SASS preprocessor and created various mixins, variables, custom fonts and directives.  • Used GIT for version controlling systems.  • Worked in Agile methodology, two weeks Sprint and daily Scrums to discuss the development of the application to deliver in time.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, Web services, Angular4, Angular5, D3.js, JavaScript, JSON, Git, Karma, Jasmine, Jira, Node.js, NPM UI Developer State Street - Boston, MA June 2017 to May 2018 Responsibilities:  • Involved in designing, developing and testing the web application by using the HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, typescript and React JS.  • Involved in designing the CSS templates for use in all pages on the website working with CSS Background, positioning, text, border, margin, padding, and table.  • Applied optimization techniques to reduce page size and load times to enhance user experience using sprites.  • Developed user interface by using the React JS, Flux for SPA development.  • Involved in responsive design and developed a single ISOMORPHIC responsive website that could be served to desktop, Tablets and mobile users using React JS.  • Worked on React JS Virtual Dom and React views, rendering using components which contains additional components called custom HTML tags.  • Used ES6 and JSX with React for component development. Used Babel to compile JSX and Es6 into JavaScript.  • Used React Router to create a Single Page Application (SPA) which can bind data to specific views and synchronize data with server.  • Used React framework to build the website. Added React to simplified components data and state.  • Created reusable ReactJS components and implemented Redux Pattern into the solution to maintain the stable and always updated Application state.  • Used ReactJS to create Controllers to handle events triggered by clients and send request to server.  • Worked with the SASS/LESS pre-processor to simplify writing the CSS styling's and also creating new style sheets to write and edit web page content.  • Extensively worked with making calls to APIS to fetch the data from the backend as JSON response and parse it on the UI for DOM/CSS manipulation.  • Worked on AJAX and JSON to send request to the server to check the functionality of the websites.  • Resolved cross-browsers compatibility issues for IE, Chrome, and Firefox.  • Built REST Web services by building Node.js server in the back- end to handle request Ajax calls.  • Worked with JASMINE unit test framework to write unit tests for JavaScript code.  • Utilized GIT for version control and Bitbucket for source control operations and made use of JIRA for bug tracking and workflow management.  • Followed agile methodology during SDLC, with regular SCRUM sessions and bi-weekly sprint sessions to discuss the project progress and assign user stories as per the sprint backlogs.  • Involved in sprint backlog grooming with other teammates and assign story points based on the acceptance criteria    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, React.JS, Redux, Bootstrap, Lodash, Babel, SASS, AJAX, Jest, Enzyme, Web pack, Jira, GIT, Bit bucket UI Developer AngularJS - Farmington, CT March 2016 to May 2017 Responsibilities:  • Designed and developed web pages by using HTML, CSS and JQuery, AngularJS.  • Developing the code for Enhancement CR using Angular JS, HTML5, CSS and Twitter Bootstrap  • Used advanced level of jQuery, AJAX, JavaScript, CSS, and CSS layouts.  • Developed Single Page Application (SPA) using Angular JS Framework.  • Web application development for backend system using Angular JS and Node.js with Cutting edge HTML5 and CSS3 techniques.  • Designing templates based on the requirements using CSS, JavaScript/typescript, and SASS.  • Deep understanding of JavaScript and the jQuery.  • Developed Web Application to replace the existing and legacy Website using Angular JS Framework.  • Implemented Model View Controller (MVC) Design Pattern using Angular JS.  • Used Node.js as the package manager for development workflow dependent plugins.  • Used Angular JS controllers to update entity models and Tasks database  • Created custom directives for data manipulations and to display data in company standard format.  • Understanding of the differences and bugs in various browsers and browser versions.  • Strong communication, analytical and interpersonal skills working within cross-functional teams.  • Debug the application using Firebug to traverse the documents and manipulated the Nodes using DOM and DOM Functions using Firefox and IE Developer Tool bar for IE.  • RESTful web services interface to Java-based runtime engine and accounts.  • Implemented and designed user interface for web-based customer application  • Tested the application using the Karma.  • Ran the Standalone front- end application in Grunt Server task runner.  • Integrated with backend code for highly interactive AJAX based applications.  • Developed data formatted web applications and deploy the script using client-side scripting using JavaScript.  • Worked on Cross-Browser compatibility and fixed the bugs for several browsers.  • Created cross-browser compatible and standards-compliant CSS-based page layouts.  • Involved in daily SCRUM meetings to keep track of the project status.  • Used GIT version control for the Development.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Angular JS, AJAX, JSON, Sublime. Web Developer Augusta Hi-tech - Hyderabad, Telangana December 2012 to August 2015 Responsibilities:    • Good experience in worked with business system analyst to understand the requirements to ensure that right set of UI modules been built.  • Wrote application level code to perform client-side validation using jQuery and JavaScript.  • Designed the front- end applications, user interactive (UI) web pages using web technologies like HTML and CSS.  • Responsible for validation of Client interface JSP pages using Struts form validations.  • Used Spring Dependency Injection properties to provide loose-coupling between layers.  • Implemented the Web Service client for the login authentication, credit reports and applicant information using Apache Axis 2 Web Service.  • Used Web services (SOAP) for transmission of large blocks of JSON data over HTTP.  • Implemented data-binding and MVC using AngularJS for front- end development of a current web application.  • Wrote jQuery function while implementing various UI screens across the whole web application (both consumers facing as well as internal application)  • Implemented dynamic page elements and form error validations using AngularJS directives.  • Involved in writing application level code to interact with APIs, Web Services using AJAX, JSON.  • Designed and developed web applications using JavaScript and CSS.  • Interacted with java controller's jQuery, AJAX, and JSON to write/read data from back end systems.  • Creating cross-browser compatible and standards-compliant CSS-based page layouts.  • Used SVN version control.  • Worked on cross browser compatibility issues and fix the bugs pertaining to various browsers.    Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, Angular JS, AJAX, JSON Skills JAVASCRIPT (6 years), JSON (6 years), jQuery (5 years), AJAX (4 years), HTML (4 years) Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:    Web Technologies: HTML 4.0/5, XHTML, CSS2/CSS3, JavaScript, AJAX, XML, JSON.  Framework: Bootstrap, Angular.js 1x and 2, Node.js, Redux, Redux-Saga  Libraries React JS, React Native, jQuery  IDE & Tools: IntelliJ IDEA, Dreamweaver, Eclipse2.x/3.x, Notepad++, Sublime text, VS code, Visual studio 2017.  web Server: Apache Tomcat 5.5/6.0, IIS  Data base SQL, PL/SQL  Version Control: SVN, Git  Operating Systems: Windows, UNIX, Mac