Front End Web Developer, IT Technician <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> Web <span class="hl">Developer</span>, IT Technician Front End Web Developer, IT Technician - National Diversity Council Work Experience Front End Web Developer, IT Technician National Diversity Council - Houston, TX July 2018 to Present Oversee the design and implementation of the new Council websites and various events websites while maintaining and editing such websites.  ? Create custom website design templates using Wordpress, (C.S.S) Cascading Style Sheets, JavaScript functions and API's that interact with the server database.  ? Install and configure computer hardware, software and applications, replace parts as needed and as required.  ? Monitor and maintain computer systems and hardware.  ? Troubleshoot and fix any staff systems, computer and network problems. Web Developer THR3D PRINTS - Lake Charles, LA July 2016 to October 2018 Oversee the direction of the THR3DPRINTS website.  ? Design custom website template with custom (C.S.S) Cascading Style Sheet using WordPress.  ? Create custom blog entries that showcase off new 3D printing aspects, technologies and categories.  ? Manage and update the website on a month to month basis Web Developer Waitr - Lake Charles, LA November 2013 to May 2014 Create a backend application that included the iOS API's that ran the mobile application.  ? Design custom templates and plugins in WordPress along with (C.S.S) Cascading Style Sheet, JavaScript, PHP.  ? Meet with clients to gather and discuss ideas, requirements and design templates. Startup Weekend Committee Member Waitr - Lake Charles, LA March 2014 to April 2014 Promote Startup Weekend for students on and around campus.  ? Create posters, t-shirts, and flyers and a small WordPress Website for promoting Startup Weekend.  ? Call various potential company to promote and advertise for Startup Weekend. Web Developer -Internship Waitr - Lake Charles, LA January 2014 to April 2014 Create and update custom (C.S.S) Cascading Style Sheets, backend PHP applications and JavaScript bugs on specific websites that needed finer tuning.  ? Create custom website design template using WordPress and update various WordPress sites. Web Developer / Computer Technician McNeese Academic Computing Center - Lake Charles, LA August 2013 to December 2013 Clean/work/fix on personal computers and university computers that come through Kirkman, Drew, Frasch buildings on a daily basis.  ? Address hardware and software situations throughout Kirkman, Drew, Frasch.  ? Design and update the college of Mathematics website and all of the teacher's websites that were associated within the college for the current semester or for the next upcoming semester. Education Bachelors Associate in Computer Science in Computer Science McNeese State University - Lake Charles, LA May 2015 Skills Javascript, UI, Angular, Front-End, HTML5, Jquery, CSS3, Front End, User Interface, Java Additional Information SKILLS / LANGUAGES    HTML ( HTML5 ), CSS ( CSS3 ), JavaScript (Angular ), PHP, SQL (along with MySQL), C/C++, C#, Java  Website Design / Development, Mobile App Creation, 3D Design / 3D Modeling