React JS, Frontend Developer React JS, Frontend <span class="hl">Developer</span> React JS, Frontend Developer - Visa Austin, TX Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience React JS, Frontend Developer Visa - Austin, TX July 2018 to Present Roles & Responsibilities:  ? Effectively worked in Agile methodology, two weeks Sprint and daily Scrums to discuss the development of the application to deliver in time.  ? Built web pages that are more user-interactive using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, NodeJS, Angular 2 and Angular 4/5.  ? Responsible for transforming the wireframes and mockups to develop web pages.  ? Designed and developed User Interactive single page web applications (SPA) using Angular5.  ? Implemented Angular features like components, directives, pipes, services and adopted new features from Angular 5 in our application.  ? Created rich web UIs that merge with back- end components using JavaScript and Angular 5 in conjunction with HTML5 & CSS3 and Used Material Design library for Rich UI/UX designs.  ? For the data communication between various components used Input, output, directives and shared services.  ? Used router module for the better user navigation between the components.  ? Implemented Template Driven Forms and Model Driven Forms including Form controls and custom form validations in the application.  ? Created Custom Directive for Type ahead search facility using RXJS and Angular which can be attached in any input field.  ? Used open source library like Angular material to create customized components.  ? Used NgRx store to setup an immutable data structure and makes consistent applications on top of Angular.  ? Implemented the Lazy Loading of the modules to optimize the overall application speed.  ? Implemented TDD (Test Driven Development) approach by using testing tools such as Jasmine, Karma.  ? Worked on cross-browser compatibility for different versions of IE, chrome, Firefox, Safari.  ? Used component-based architecture to develop reusable Angular components.  ? Used Bootstrap 4 to style the web pages and make the application responsive.  ? Used CSS SASS preprocessor and created various mixins, variables, custom fonts and directives.  ? Used GIT for version controlling systems.  Environment:HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, Web services, Angular 4/5, D3.js, JavaScript, JSON, Git, Karma, Jasmine, Jira, Node.js, NPM Frontend Developer Credit Suisse - Morrisville, NC November 2017 to June 2018 Roles & Responsibilities:  ? Involved in fixing bugs in existing components and making them uniform in all browsers.  ? Used HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript and jQuery to implement Look and feel of various components.  ? Developed a secured Login Authentication using AngularJS, Regular Expressions, Express-Session and JSON Web Tokens.  ? Built the reusable service components using Angular JS services with Object Oriented JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3 based on the visual designs.  ? Utilized ng-react module to bind React Components to Angular Directives.  ? Used Http with AngularJS interceptors to make sure the requests were valid and used ui-router to handle nested views and avoid page redirection.  ? Effectively used CSS3 features, such as creating multiple column, borders and background, etc. and used SASS Preprocessor.  ? Used Node Packaged Modules (NPM) and Bower.  ? Used Data Tables, a table plugin for jQuery, to display the data in tables along with pagination.  ? Used tools like Grunt, Gulp and Webpack as task runners and orchestrators for the build process.  ? Used NodeJS to run Grunt tasks and build properly the project (compile, minify, concat etc.)  ? Implemented modules into Node JS to integrate with designs and requirements.  ? Built backend REST API with NodeJS.  ? Used Dependency Injection (DI) from AngularJS factories and services  ? Developed test cases for TDD in QUnit, Karma and Jasmine.  ? Interacted with the back- end staff and scrum master at the daily meeting for new features in this web app using Agile software development methodology.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Angular JS 1.x, Node JS, Web-Pack, Jasmine, Karma, Grunt, web storm Front End Developer Trans America - Rapids, IA, US January 2017 to October 2017 Roles & Responsibilities:  ? Design, develop and test HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, Typescript, jQuery and React.JS that meets accessibility and web browser standards for website.  ? Designed CSS templates for use in all pages on the website working with CSS Background, positioning, text, border, margin, padding, and table.  ? Developed user interface by using the React JS, Flux for SPA development.  ? Implemented react JS code to handle cross browser compatibility issues in Mozilla, IE 7, 8, 9, Safari and FF.  ? Used React-Router to turn application into Single Page Application  ? Worked in using React JS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, Animations and Flux concept.  ? Used Web services (SOAP and RESTful) for transmission of large blocks of XML/JSON.  ? Maintained states in the stores and dispatched the actions using redux.  ? Implemented the Drag and Drop functionality using React-Dnd.  ? Component for UX-Library consisted of Button, Checkbox, Input, Icons, Toggle Button, Dropdown, Multi-Level Dropdown and many more.  ? In Phase Two, worked closely with the Back- End team to display data using the Custom Components, library Components, and Redux.  ? Used Middleware, NodeJS in application to retrieve data from Back- End and to also perform RESTFUL services.  ? Added Dynamic Functionality by creating and dispatching Action Creators that deployed Actions.  ? Created and used Reducers that received said Actions to modify the Store State Tree.  ? Worked with backend engineers to optimize existing API calls to create efficiencies by deprecating unneeded API calls.  ? Called the Restful web services calls for POST, PUT, DELETE and GET methods.  ? Used React flux to polish the data and for single directional flow.  ? Used Object Oriented Programming concepts to develop UI components that could be reused across the Web Application.  ? Extensively used Git for version controlling and regularly pushed the code to GitHub and was responsible to resolve the code conflicts.  ? Used ASANA as the bug tracking system to track and maintain the history of bugs/issues on everyday basis.  ? Monitoring the Teamwork and providing technical help to the team for their ASANA tickets.  ? Interacted with Testing Team, Scrum Masters and Business Analysts for fixing of Issues.  ? Performed the System Testing, Regression Testing for Complete UI after fixing the Issues which are reported by Testing Team.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, TypeScript, jQuery, Bootstrap, SASS, React JS, Redux, Flex Node JS, JSP, Web-Pack, GitHub, Karma, Jasmine, Agile Frontend Developer Traveltek Group Ltd - Hyderabad, Telangana January 2014 to August 2015 Roles & Responsibilities:  ? Translate designs provides by UI creative design team into functional user interfaces, ensuring cross browser compatibility and performance.  ? Designed and developed user friendly interface by using JavaScript, HTML, CSS, jQuery  ? Designed flash plugins for including different functionalities and content.  ? Worked on integrating jQuery APIs with MVC pattern.  ? Used AJAX frameworks like jQuery, JSON to develop rich GUIs and involved in performance tuning the website.  ? Involved in bug fixing on functionality, performance and designing issues with JavaScript and jQuery.  ? Involved in debugging HTML, CSS and JS code using tools such as Chrome Inspector, and Firefox Firebug.  ? Handled browser compatibility issues in browser such as IE, Firefox, and Chrome.  ? Used Grunt with Grunt file to minify the JS file in whole application.  ? Prepared Unit and System Testing Specification documents and performed Unit and System testing of the application.  ? Reviewed the code for ensuring adherence to Java coding standards.  ? Developed XML classes for loading the data from XML files deployed at the server.  ? Worked with Jasmine in testing and performed Unit testing and execution testing utilizing JUNIT.  ? Developed UI pages using media queries and made completely responsive.  ? Reviewed the code foe ensuring adherence to Java coding standards.  ? Worked with the team of architects and back- end developers to gather requirements and enhance the application functionality and add new features.  Environment: JavaScript, HTML, CSS, AJAX, jQuery, Jasmine, Grunt, Unit testing, GIT, JUnit Web Developer I Labs - Hyderabad, Telangana June 2011 to December 2013 Roles & Responsibilities:  ? Built rich prototypes for designing and developing dynamic web pages using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript and jQuery, Ajax, JSON, and Bootstrap.  ? Used HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Ajax, JSON, and Bootstrap extensively for redesigning the internal web pages and applications.  ? Created Pseudo elements and CSS3 Border, CSS3 Background, CSS3 Transitions.  ? Worked with jQuery Fusion Charts for generating reports.  ? Extensively used CSS to change the styles to be used in future web layouts and debugging the errors issues with CSS.  ? Maintain the code base by frequent updates to revision using GIT version control system.  ? Performed cross browser compatibility check and thoroughly performed unit testing using Karma and Jasmine.  ? Developed test cases for TDD in QUnit, Karma and Jasmine.  ? Involved in various phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) using Agile Methodology.  Environment: JavaScript, JQuery, HTML5, CSS3, Ajax, JSON, JQuery Fusion Charts, Bootstrap, Jasmine, Karma, Web Service, Grunt, Agile Education Master's Degree in Computer Science in Computer Science Chicago State University - Chicago, IL 2018 Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science in Computer Science Vinayaka Missions University 2011 Skills Visual studio, Git, Javascript, Bootstrap, D3.js, Reactjs, Redux, Typescript, Webpack, Json, Svn, Eclipse, jquery, Jsp, Angularjs, Ajax, Dreamweaver, Web design, Frameworks, Linux