Ecommerce Developer / Project Manager Ecommerce <span class="hl">Developer</span> / Project Manager Ecommerce Developer / Project Manager - Westech Equipment Saltlake City, UT Orem, UT Work Experience Ecommerce Developer / Project Manager Westech Equipment Saltlake City, UT March 2019 to Present Successfully develop and modify Zen Cart site using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap, PHP, MySQL  ? Manage Google Ads, Bing, and Shopping ads  ? Manage multiple projects at once  ? Run Projects and Tasks through Asana  ? Manager over Godaddy and DigitalOcean servers Front end web developer/system administrator/Project Manager Action Sports Group - Orem, UT July 2016 to Present Expert in developing websites using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, PHP, MySQL (PHPAdmin) and Bootstrap  ? Joggled developing, backend ecommerce, and SEO for over 20 different websites  ? Mastered a professional understanding of Adobe Creative Suite  ? Manage Web hosting servers, domains, SSL's, and emails through Godaddy.com Lead Developer / Project Manager Elite - Safe Home Control - Orem, UT July 2018 to December 2018 Successfully develop and modify websites using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap, WordPress, PHP, MySQL  ? Manage multiple projects at once  ? Run Projects and Tasks through Asana  ? Using Google Cloud Platform for all Web Applications  ? Run Salesforce as an administrator Front end web developer ActiveCare - Orem, UT November 2017 to July 2018 Successfully develop and modify websites using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, C#, ASP.NET, SQL and Bootstrap  ? Salesforce administrator working closely with development team  ? Manage multiple projects at once  ? Scrum Master inside of a team of Developers and Operations  ? Run Agile Projects through Visual Studio TFS  ? Using Git to add all the project to TFS Upgrade Engineer EMC2 - Draper, UT December 2014 to February 2016 Use Lynx commands and procedures to upgrade Files and Blocks inside of a VNX Server  ? Multi-task by emailing clients, running upgrades, and noting all the tasks that have finished  ? Learn and apply new procedures to daily upgrades Front- end Developer Business Promotion - American Fork, UT July 2014 to December 2014 Built and updated over 50 client websites per month with JavaScript, jQuery, PHP, MySQL, Bootstrap, HTML5 and CSS3  ? Professional understanding of CPanel, Wordpress, and Wordpress plugins  ? Skilled with Adobe Photoshop to add to the design of the client's website and logos  ? Managed a marketing team  ? Optimized websites for SEO and SEM  ? Discussed and implemented marketing strategies with elite marketing clients TECH SUPPORT/SYSTEM ADMINISTRATOR Prodigix inc - Orem, UT October 2013 to July 2014 Worked as part of a team to complete client customization projects  ? Provided technical support for over 40 clients  ? Managed 3 SQL servers and 2 HVM servers  ? Customer support through phone and email Front end web developer Marketecture inc - American Fork, UT February 2013 to October 2013 Developed websites using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript  ? Worked as a team to complete website's from start to finish  ? Gained a professional understanding of Photoshop  ? Completed SEO work on a daily basis Education BS in Web and App Development Brigham Young University December 2019 Skills Javascript, Wordpress, PHP, Front End Links http://dudedownshift.com Additional Information I've been professionally working in the web programming industry for 5 years. My experience includes working in MySQL, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, PHP, and C# . One of the things that I love most about the website industry is that it's constantly changing and because of this, I'm a fast learner so that I can always be on top of those changes.    Additional Skills & Accomplishments    ? Professional Experience with Salesforce, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, MySQL, cPanel, Lynx and Apache Servers, PHP, jQuery, Bootstrap and other custom Grid Frameworks  ? Professionally skilled in completing web projects on a deadline (blogs, websites, E-commerce Stores, etc.)  ? Successfully managed Apache and windows servers and SQL databases to assure all website data is complete and correct.  ? Strong interpersonal and presentation skills  ? Mastered Visual Studio, Visual code, TFS, and GitHub in a team experience  ? Fluent in Spanish