Web UI Developer Web UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> Web UI Developer - Florida Blue Jacksonville, FL • An experienced professional with over 7+ years of experience as User Interface/ Front End Developer in developing web applications.  • Seasoned in HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Angular JS, Bootstrap, Foundation, AJAX and JSON.  • Developed an application using React JS, Redux, Angular JS, Angular 2, ES 6, CSS3 and Bootstrap in a test-driven development environment.  • Good skills in Bootstrap framework and building responsive website for the mainstream browser, such as chrome, safari, Firefox and portable devices  • Extensive experience on modern front- end frameworks for JavaScript including Bootstrap, JQuery, AngularJS, Angular (2/4/6) Using typescript.  • Hands on experience On component Based Architecture React JS with Redux.  • Experienced using agile software development environment and Scrum. (Agile Methodology)  • Experience with GitHub for source code management, GIT for version control, Clear Quest for bug fixing and Grunt, Gulp, Browserify, npm package manager.  • Used D3.js and. Chart.Js for dynamic and interactive data visualization.    GitHub Account:    https://github.com/PatelMitdev Work Experience Web UI Developer Florida Blue - Jacksonville, FL October 2018 to Present Responsibilities:  • Participating for making changes to existing web application and creating reusable UI Components with React.js and Application state is managed by Redux.  • Participated in making Responsive Web Designs using Google Material UI.  • Applied optimization techniques to reduce page size and load times to enhance user experience using sprites.  • Familiar with creating Custom Reusable React Components Library.  • Used Mocha(unit testing framework) to perform unit testing to enhance React application performance.  • Implemented application testability and diagnostics and fixing bugs with the help of REDUX(Reducers) architecture  • Build stable React components and Used React-Hooks.  • Used typescript as a superset for JavaScript with babel to make it compatible to older browsers.  • Participating into the Swagger Documentation of Nodejs Services.  • Used Webpack (module bundler) to make development environment better.  • Used NPM (node package manager) to install Gulp, Bower and Git.  • Worked with Agile software lifecycle methodologies Create design documents when and as required.  • Developed single page applications using Angular 6.0 and created multiple reusable components.  • Hands On Experience on Ivy the next generation Angular rendering engine.  • Follow Angular lifecycle hooks to Develop Application  • Used Karma(unit testing framework) to perform unit testing to enhance angular application performance.  • Used D3.js for dynamic and interactive data visualization.  • Application backend implemented as node.js and Express.Js application serve.  • Participated Into The documentation of SRS (Software Requirement Specification).    Environment:  Typescript, Material UI, AJAX, JSON, React, Redux, Angular 6.0, NodeJs, MongoDb, Postgres, D3.js, Openshift. Web UI Developer First Data - Omaha, NE March 2015 to September 2018 Responsibilities:  • Involved in Responsive web designing using HTML 5, CSS 3, Media Queries, Bootstrap, JavaScript.  • Applied optimization techniques to reduce page size and load times to enhance user experience using sprites.  • Involved in creating a reusable component using React JS.  • Used Redux for Application State Management.  • Follow react component lifecycle to Develop Application.  • Used jest (unit testing framework) to perform unit testing to enhance application performance.  • Used Nginx Server to reverse Proxy, load Balancing and Http cache.  • Application backend implemented as node.js and Express.Js application serve.  • Used custom Node.js proxy code for the functionality of simulates API responses before client implementation was complete, and to proxy requests to finished client APIs.  • Developed single page applications using Angular 2/4 and created multiple reusable components.  • Used ChartsJs for dynamic and interactive data visualization.  • Used Karma to perform unit testing to enhance angular application performance.  • Performed the Acceptance, Regression Testing for Complete User Interface after fixing the Issues which are reported by QA Team.    • Used typescript as a superset for JavaScript with babel to make it compatible to older browsers.  • Worked with Agile software lifecycle methodologies Create design documents when and as required.  • Actively participated and provided feedback in a constructive and insightful manner during weekly Iterative review meetings to track the progress for each iterative cycle using JIRA.    Environment: JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap, AJAX, JSON, Angular 2/4/5, Node Js, React.Js, Redux, Jira, Nginx, Node.js. Web UI Developer Morgan Stanely, NY January 2013 to February 2015 Responsibilities:  • Created a custom, responsive web application to replace line-of-business web applications JavaScript, HTML5, and CSS 3.  • Worked on building the responsive web pages using bootstrap.  • Implemented different validation control on the web pages using AngularJS.  • Used Model View Controller (MVC) design pattern to decouple the code and to separate concerns.  • Developed Responsive Web Design pages for various applications compatible for Mobiles, Tablets, and Desktop.  • Implemented MVC Architecture Usinng JavaScript, jQuery and AJAX.  • Extensively used jQuery plug-in like Auto populating select-box, Search plug-in, calendar plug-in, ajax-queue plug-in and Auto populating multiple select-boxes.  • Used MVC Frameworks, Media Queries & CSS3 to make web page Fluid and Responsive.  • Give rich UI experience using Ajax capabilities using DWR (for AJAX communication), JQuery and DOJO (for JavaScript event handling), Design, Developed and implemented ASP, HTML/CSS Template for dynamic Content Generation.  • Performed UNIT and integration testing using Jasmine and in writing Test Cases on every new version before sending it for User Acceptance Test (UAT).  • Implementing the Design and developing modules using Agile Methodology. Planning iteration for effective design and development of the Modules  Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap, AJAX, Angular JS, JSON, Unit-Testing, Agile-Methodology. Front End Developer RevSpring - Livonia, MI April 2011 to December 2012 Responsibilities:  • Worked with business analysts to understand their business models and goals and help define strategy, content, and features.  • Created Responsive Designs (Mobile/Tablet/Desktop) using HTML & CSS.  • Designed wed application layout and form using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.  • Designed the front- end applications, user interactive (UI) web pages using web technologies like HTML, and CSS.  • Experience in building web application using jQuery-AJAX-Json combination to consume data from web services APIs.  • Developed Object Oriented JavaScript code and responsible for client-side validations using JQuery functions.  • Coded JavaScript and jQuery for page functionality, modal windows and to perform the client-side validations.  • Developed data insertion forms and validated them using JavaScript.  • Validated input values to make sure that they will be accepted before they are submitted to the server.  • Responsible for transforming design mock-ups to W3C standards compliant HTML pages using HTML, XHTML, CSS.  • Tested cross browser compatibility issues between multiple browsers.  • Utilized JQuery UI Library to create various components for the web application.  • Facilitated discussions with Systems Analyst to identify technical requirements.  • Participated in day-to- day meeting, status meeting, strong reporting and effective communication with project manager and developers.  • Creating cross-browser compatible and standards-compliant CSS-based page layouts.  • Performed Unit testing both manually and automated using JUNIT  • Worked on cross browser compatibility issues and fix the bugs pertaining to various browsers.  Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, JQuery UI, AJAX, JSON, and Firebug. Front End Developer Giggle Infotech - Ahmedabad, Gujarat April 2010 to March 2011 Responsibilities:  • Used JavaScript, HTML, CSS, DHTML, JavaScript and Ext JS.  • Used Ext JS Dom query's various CSS selectors to navigate through the DOM.  • Used JSON to load and submit records from/to the server.  • Used JSON API to parse JSON to POJO/List and vice versa on server side.  • Developed CSS to maintain the uniformity of the all the screens though out the application and positioning of the screen objects.  • Extensively used of Event Handling Modal such as Listener and dispatcher in Ajax framework and JavaScript.  • Handled and solved cross-browser compatibility and browser side caching issues.  • Used JSP, JSTL, JSP tag libraries (JSTL) and custom tags to design various report.  • Worked on the simple search and advanced search using jQuery JavaScript library.  • Worked on writing UNIX scripts for scheduling some backend jobs.  • Responsible for deploying application on Stage and Production environment.  Environment: CSS, JSON, JSON API, HTML, JavaScript, JQuery, DWR, Spring Framework, Ajax, J2EE 1.4, Web Logic, Java Server Pages, Oracle, PL/SQL.    PROFFESIONAL QUALIFICATION:  Bachelor's in computer engineering (GTU) Education Bachelor's Skills Git, JAVASCRIPT, BOOTSTRAP, REACTJS, JSON, SVN, XML, AJAX, nginx, TOMCAT, UI WEB, jQuery, ANGULARJS, HTML5, SASS, BUGZILLA, JIRA, RALLY, UI, DATABASE, Front End Additional Information Technical Skills:    UI Web Technologies  HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, Responsive Design, Bootstrap, AngularJs, Angular 6, ReactJs, EmberJs, NodeJs, SASS, AJAX, XML, JSON.    Web/App Servers Apache Tomcat, Web Pack Dev Server, NodeJs, Nginx.  Database MySQL 5.0, Mongo and indexDb  Build Tools Babel, Browsify, Gulp, Bower, NPM, Web pack  Bug Tracking Tools Bugzilla, JIRA, Rally  Version Control Systems SVN, GIT, Bit Bucket  Testing Frameworks Jasmine, Karma and Protractor  Software Methodologies Agile, Waterfall, Scrum