React UI/ Front End Developer React UI/<span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> React UI/ Front End Developer - Cisco Systems Santa Ana, CA • 6+ years of extensive experience as a UI/React Developer with User Interface applications and professional web applications using HTML5, DOM, CSS2/CSS3, JavaScript, ECMAScript5/6, Node.js, React, Redux, JQuery, Bootstrap, Ajax, JSON and Angular.  • Extensive experience in various UI widgets using Node.js, JavaScript libraries like AngularJS,  • Angular2, Angular5, Angular.js, Backbone.js, Require.js, Common.js, Node.js, Redux, React.js for developing Rich Internet Applications RIA and experience using Adobe Photoshop/GIMP  • Experience working with React, Node.js, Redux, and Immutable.js for developing Single Page Application with Responsive Web Design as React.js with the Virtual DOM.  • Experience in using React React.js, Node.js, Redux, Common JS, ECMAScript5/6 and Web-Pack for SPA development.  • Strong expertise in Twitter Bootstrap and CSS3 Media Queries for responsive web design as well as page components such as tooltips, accordion, pagination and tables.  • Responsible for checking cross browser compatibility and experience working on different browsers like Safari, Firefox, Google Chrome and Internet Explorer.  • Proficient in using AJAX for implementing dynamic Web Pages where the content was fetched via API calls and update the DOM (JSON Parsing) specially increasing performance with good understanding of SEO principles.  • Participated in Software Development Life-Cycle (SDLC) preparing Requirement Specification documents, design documents, User Training documents and Technical Help documents.  • Extensive experience in Unit testing with TDD and BDD.  • Experience of working with CSS Preprocessors like Less and Sass.  • Experienced in Agile Methodology using agile software development environment and Scrum.  • Experience working with GitHub/SVN (A Distributed Version Control (code Versioning Tools) and source code management functionality of Git).  • Extremely motivated and excellent interpersonal and communication skills, time management skills with an ability to work hard to meet project deadlines under stressful environments.  • Developing React.js / Redux front- end UI, and Node.js applications for backend.  • Leveraged React.js resources for all data access, encapsulating URLs and standardizing data access interfaces.  • Worked on Node.js and NoSQL data stores.  • Good understanding of Node JS, understood how to configure, create server, manage routes and connect database.  • Used Node JS, React JS, MVC framework for developing the Single Page Application  • Watched project changes with Grunt task runner and installed most recent version of libraries with Bower based on running in the Node.js environment.  • Created the Integration JavaScript libraries (jquery, React-Bootstrap, Highcharts, Datatables, etc.)  • Developing React.js / Redux front- end UI, and Node.js applications for backend. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience React UI/ Front End Developer Cisco Systems - Boston, MA May 2018 to Present Job Responsibilities:  • Web design and development, application development using HTML4/HTML5, CSS/CSS3,  • JavaScript, AJAX and Jquery, Angular, Node.js, Angular5, ReactJS, Redux.  • Responsible in making sure pattern is similar across all the pages.  • Responsible for design and development of the web pages from mock- ups.  • Created web pages which are informative and yet very neat and interesting to look at.  • Wrote application level code to interact with the backend databases JQUERY AJAX and JSON.  • Applied JQuery scripts for basic animation and end user screen customization purposes.  • Used AJAX and JSON to make asynchronous calls to the project server to fetch data on the fly.  • Perform code review with peers to ensure code optimization and web optimization techniques are followed.  • Worked extensively with next-generation technologies like AJAX and JQuery to enable more efficient development and more responsive interfaces.  • Coordinated in project activities and ensure that all project phases are followed and documented properly.  • Designed the front- end applications, user interactive (UI) web pages using web technologies like HTML, XHTML, and CSS Angular.  • Redesign, maintain existing internal web application utilizing HTML, CSS, JavaScript and JQuery.    Environment: HTML4/HTML5, Node.js, JavaScript, Ajax, JQuery, CSS3, Illustrator, Information Architecture UI Developer (React) A Place For Mom - Seattle, WA June 2016 to April 2018 Job Responsibilities:  • Core technology stack used in day to day project are HTML5, CSS/CSS3, Less, JSON, AJAX, JavaScript, Bootstrap, React, Node.js, ReactJS, Angular5, D3 JS, JQuery, ASP.NET, MVC, GIT repository, Jenkins, Jasmine unit test.  • Working on JavaScript frame work (AngularJS) to augment dynamic browser-based applications with MVC capability.  • Design and developing page layouts with HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript and bootstrap framework.  • Using D3 JS to parse, validate, manipulate and display dates in JavaScript. React, ReactJS, Node.js, components  • Using Ajax and JSON to make asynchronous calls to the project server to fetch data on fly also establishing Oracle database connection for dynamic content on web pages.  • Using tools like GIT for version controlling, chrome developer tools for Debugging and also Jenkins for deploying the code to different environments.  • Using Visual studio IDE for developing the asp.net application in MVC architecture  • Experiencing in writing Jasmine unit tests for Angular 2/4/5 java script code.  • Experiencing in Agile software development methodology attending daily SCRUM meetings to keep track of the ongoing project status and issues in a Team foundation server (TFS).  • Involving in doing code review to maintain the Coding standards and successful deployment of deliverables.  • Involving successful integration and execution of several batch processes to form the Back End for the application and delivering a complete front- end application.    Environment: HTML5, CSS/CSS3, Less, JSON, AJAX, JavaScript, Bootstrap, AngularJS, Angular2, Angular 5, Moment JS, ReactJS, Node.js, JQuery, ASP.NET, MVC, Oracle SQL, Gulp JS, GIT repository, Jenkins, SONAR, Jasmine test Java Developer IFlowSoft Ltd July 2013 to May 2016 Job Responsibilities:  • Designed wed application layout and form using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.  • Responsible for creating the screens with table-less designs meeting W3C standards.  • Worked with business analysts to understand their business models and goals and help define strategy, content, and features.  • Handled all the client-side validations, slide show, hide and show controls, dropdown menus and tab navigation using JQUERY.  • Responsible for transforming design mock-ups to W3C standards compliant HTML pages using HTML, XHTML, CSS.  • Wrote code to fetch data from Web services using JQUERY AJAX via JSON response and updating the HTML pages.  • Participated in day-to- day meeting, status meeting, strong reporting and effective communication with project manager and developers.  • Used Node.js, JavaScript libraries to create slider and page-turning animations on calendar widgets.  • Developed code to call the web service/APIs to fetch the data and populate on the UI using.    Environment: HTML, React, Node.js, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, AJAX, JSON, XHTML Education Bachelor's Skills Html, Javascript, Bootstrap, Node.js, Reactjs Additional Information Technical Skills:  UI Web Technologies  HTML5, CSS3, DOM, Bootstrap, JavaScript, ECMAScript5/6, JQuery, AJAX, JSON, AngularJS, Angular2, Angular5, Node.js, React, ReactJS, Redux, Node.js, Backbone.JS, Common.js, Require.js, Ext.js and React.js (Rader and Redux), Immutable.js, Jasmine test    Database SQL, Mongo DB, Oracle, MySQL, SQL Server  IDE, HTML Servers Sublime text, Notepad++, Komodo Edit, Eclipse IDE, Web storm, JSfiddle, Microsoft Visual and Adobe Dreamweaver  Web/App Servers IBM Web Sphere 5/6, JBoss 4.0, Apache 5.5, HTTP Web Serv  Operating Systems Windows, iOS, android, OSX, Unix and Linux