Front End Web Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> Web <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End Web Developer - Boston Scientific Corp Plano, TX • 5+ years of experience in developing User Interface (UI) applications utilizing HTML4/5, CSS2/3, JavaScript, jQuery, Ajax, JSON, Angular 2/4, Angular 6, Node.js, Bootstrap.  • Extensive working experience on both Agile and SDLC based environment and participated in daily Scrum sessions.  • Working experience with implementing Bootstrap for Responsive Web Design (RWD).  • Create Single Page Applications (SPA) that loads a single HTML page using Angular JS 2.0, Node JS and Rx JS Observable to generate continuous and responsive Web apps, without page reloads, thus dynamically updating that page as the customer's side interacts with the app.  • Professional in creating Templates, Mockups and Prototypes, Web Interfaces, Layouts.  • Experience in using SAAS/LESS as CSS preprocessor.  • Excellent experience in developing Web Pages Complying with web content accessibility guidelines (WCAG) and ability to apply W3C web standards.  • Followed four principles (perceivable, operable, understandable and robust) of WCAG 2.0.  • Good Understanding of Document Object Model (DOM) and DOM Functions.  • Experience in using various jQuery UI, Prime NG, Kendo UI controls and corresponding Event handlers etc.  • Expertise in using Jenkins for continuous integration and continuous deployment.  • Experienced in using version control systems like GIT, TFS and error reporting and project management tools like JIRA.  • Experienced with OOPS concepts, and MVC Architecture.  • Expert in Restful services consuming using Get, Post, Delete, Put methods  • Developed test scripting with Mocha and Chai for JavaScript.  • Used JUnit for unit testing and build scripts using Maven.  • Working experience on testing/building tools like Jasmine, Selenium and Protractor.  • Responsible for checking Cross Browser Compatibility and worked on cross browser issues with different browsers.  • Experience with CSS3 background, Layouts, Positioning, Text, Boarder, Padding and Elements.  • Expertise in Angular components like Providers, Directives, factories & Services. Work Experience Front End Web Developer Boston Scientific Corp January 2018 to Present Responsibilities  • Designed the applications, user interactive (UI) web pages using web technologies like HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, JavaScript, Angular 2/4, Angular 6.  • Developed the GUI using XML, CSS and JavaScript for client-side scripting.  • Worked in a team and involved in developing the UI, layout and front- end programming (HTML) from wireframes.  • Used Angular4 Reactive forms to implement complex forms and performed the validations using Form Builder.  • Extensively involved in upgrading the existing system from Angular 4 to Angular 6.  • Installed Node.js to build applications using Typescript.  • Worked on different components on Typescript like Language, Typescript Compiler  • Involved in creating various Components for the application using Angular 2, Typescript.  • Implemented Angular 2 services to connect the web application to back- end APIs to POST/GET the data used in the application.  • Used Node.js, cross-platform runtime environment for server-side JavaScript.  • Optimized the performance of application using Angular4 Lazy Loading and Time Compilation.  • Turned the application into a Highly Interactive, using AJAX web development techniques.  • Created few custom directives to extend the functionality of HTML5.  • Created Typescript reusable components and services to consume REST API'S.  • Worked on Typescript Identifiers.  • Created a build process for different environments like develop, staging and production.  • Created build scripts using Maven and Grunt.  • Highly used Angular2/4 router to build single page applications.  • Written application level code to interact with APIs, Web Services using Ajax.  • Used GIT as a source code version control system.  • Developed local server using Node JS to run the application in lower environment.  • Conducted testing on created pages using JavaScript testing frameworks Jasmine, Karma.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, SAAS/LESS, Angular2/4, Node.js, Typescript, JavaScript, Bootstrap, Ajax, JSON, Git, Jenkins, Jasmine, Grunt. Front End Web Developer Medco - Franklin Lakes, NJ April 2017 to December 2017 Responsibilities  • Analyzing the requirements, designing a solution and interacting with team members.  • Designed and developed custom Mongo DB application specific to client's needs.  • Worked on React library to develop interactive website based on client's needs.  • Developed front end architecture and UI templates for Marketing Application using, Angular 4, Typescript JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3.  • Worked with UI designers and User experience team to define screen designs.  • Extensively used lodash.js for JavaScript object and array manipulations.  • Handled complex JSON response and converted them in convenient way to analyze.  • Resolving Cross Browser Issues.  • Good understanding and experience in React Component life cycle.  • Used popular Node.js frameworks like Express to mock a Restful API.  • Maintaining large amount of data in SQL server management studio.  • Using node modules like HTTP server to make service calls and get response.  • Working on different API Methods like GET, POST and PUT.  • Communicating with Business users to gather new requirements and getting them into live.  • Started working on python and automated python scripts to run every month.  • Worked around different data frames in python.    Environment: Angular, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, GIT, SQL Server, Mongo DB, python, REST APIs, JIRA, Bootstrap, SASS/LESS, Jasmine, Karma. UI Developer BBVA - Birmingham, AL January 2016 to March 2017 Responsibilities:  • Developed application in a professional manner using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript.  • Responsible for making responsive web pages using Bootstrap Media Queries.  • Developed and implemented user interfaces as per latest W3C standards.  • Implemented client-side validation code using JavaScript.  • Used Bootstrap components like accordion, date picker, time picker, alert, buttons, modal etc.  • Worked on different life-cycle events of Native applications.  • Developed DAOs (Data Access Objects) and SQL queries to support system functionality.  • Coded pages with best Search Engine Optimization (SEO) techniques.  • Used Grunt to minify local files using NodeJS.  • Designed applications that execute on various browsers such as Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome, and Opera using various debugging tools.  • Used GIT for pulling and committing the developed content from/to the GIT repository.  • Performed unit testing using Karma and Jasmine.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, XML, JavaScript, UNIX, JSON, SQL, Git, Jasmine, Karma, AJAX, SAAS/LESS, Bootstrap, Grunt. UI Developer Acesurf IT Labs LLP - Hyderabad, Telangana May 2013 to July 2015 Responsibilities:  • Developed the application using template frameworks for JavaScript including Bootstrap, SQL, MVC, HTML, CSS, AJAX, JSON.  • Responsible for developing the pages using jQuery, Ajax, and JSON to parse on data on the frontend on the fly.  • Involved in complete Agile SDLC on Requirement Analysis, Development, System and Integration testing.  • Used bootstrap to get the best and most efficient results.  • Developed Web Services using REST, WSDL and XML.  • Used complex Object-Oriented concepts in improving the performance of the websites.  • Worked with Firebug to locate the issues through different browsers  • Implemented Angular Routing and Filters.  • Used grunt task runner for repetitive tasks like minification, compilation, unit testing.  • Worked with the QA team to fix the bugs, test the load, and performance checking.  • Used Jasmine for testing angular and typescript based test cases.  • Used GIT Hub repository for the source code management and code reviewing.  • Designed and implemented the database interaction using triggers and stored procedures.    Environment: Angular, HTML5, CSS3, JAVA, GIT, XML, WSDL, XSD, JavaScript, Eclipse, Tomcat, Ajax, jQuery, Safari, Chrome, Apache Tiles, Bootstrap. Education Master's Murray State University May 2017 Bachelor of Technology in Technology Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University May 2013 Skills MS VISUAL STUDIO, VISUAL STUDIO, JAVASCRIPT, BOOTSTRAP, NODE.JS