Front End/UI Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span>/UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End/UI Developer - Manhattan Associates Atlanta, GA • Having over 8 years of extensive experience as a Front End UI Developer in developing, updating and maintaining the web sites.  • Experience in Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) phases like Requirement Analysis, Implementation and estimating the time-lines for the project.  • Extensive experience in designing professional UI web applications using front- end technologies like HTML5, DHTML, CSS3, JavaScript, XML,DHTML, XHTML, JQuery, AJAX and JSON.  • Proficient in building Web User Interface (UI) using HTML5, CSS3, DHTML, table less XHTML and JavaScript that follows W3C Web Standards and are browser compatible.  • Hands on experience In Front end technologies like React.JS, Backbone.JS, Node.JS, Angular 2.0 and Twitter frameworks.  • Experience in working HTML 5 and CSS 3 concepts like Figure Tag, SVG element, Web Fonts and Gradient.  • Experienced in React. JS and working with Redux architecture.  • Used spring, Hibernate module as an Object Relational mapping tool for back end operations over SQL database.  • Solid experience with Responsive Web Design (RWD) and building cross browser compatibility applications.  • Expertise in analyzing the DOM Layout, JavaScript functions, Cascading Styles across cross-browser using Fire Bug.  • Expertise in developing front end web applications and designing interfaces by using client scripting such as JavaScript and JavaScript frameworks like JQuery.  • Experience in designing UI patterns and UI applications with the help of Adobe products like Adobe Dreamweaver CS3, Adobe Photoshop CS3/CS4, Adobe Fireworks CS3 and Adobe Illustrator CS3.  • Experience in Responsive web design (RWD) with the UI compatibility being multi-device compatible (Desktop, Tablet, Mobile - IOS, Android), application architecture, visual design, wireframes, and Cross Browser Compatible following web 2.0 specifications.  • Extensive experience in creating style guides, best practices and setting UI standards for enterprise/consumer applications.  • Proficient with creating Logos, Banners, Buttons, Icons and Images using Adobe Flash and Adobe Illustrator.  • Experience on working with CSS Background, CSS Layouts, CSS positioning, CSS text, CSS border, CSS margin, CSS padding, CSS table, Pseudo classes, Pseudo elements and CSS behaviors in CSS.  • Working knowledge of Web protocols and standards (HTTP HTML/XHTML/XHTML-MP, Web Forms, XML, XML parsers).  • Experience working with testing tools like Firebug, Firebug Lite, Chrome or safari web inspectors and IE Developer Toolbar.  • Working experience with an Agile (Scrum) Development Team to deliver regular updates to business team.  • Ability to write well-documented, well-commented, clear and maintainable efficient code for web development.  • Experience with Browser testing, knowledge of cross-browser/cross-platform compatibility.  • Strong communication, collaboration & team building skills with proficiency in grasping new technical concepts quickly.  • Self-starter always inclined to learn new technologies and Team Player with very good communication, organizational and interpersonal skills Work Experience Front End/UI Developer Manhattan Associates - Atlanta, GA April 2018 to Present Responsibilities:  • Responsible for front- end user interface; layouts, navigation, interaction flow and UI features.  • Developed the UI Screens using HTML 5, DHTML, XML, JavaScript's, Ajax, JQuery Custom-tags, JSTL DOM Layout and CSS.  • Implemented client-side Interface using Angular 2/4/5, 6 TypeScript proof-of-concept using responsive web design HTML5 and CSS3.  • Coded extensively using JavaScript frameworks by implementing MVC architecture.  • Used Dreamweaver as HTML Editor for designing new pages.  • Created custom directives in Angular 2/4 for DOM manipulation and services for common functionalities shared by different controllers.  • Developed and utilized UI reusable components through Angular 5. Done unit tests in TDD format using Angular 5 testing library.  • Implemented Angular 6 PrimeNG components and customized (Listbox, Dialog, Accordions, Picklists etc) in the application.  • Used Angular CLI to create new components and some packages including PrimeNG, Angular Material and Bootstrap, etc.  • Integrated the dynamic pages with Angular and Ionic to make the views dynamic.  • Used Foundation Framework like frameworks like Protractor, Ionic Grid system to make web page responsive.  • Worked on creating responsive website for smart devices using Responsive Web Design (RWD) and media queries.  • Used CSS frameworks like Bootstrap and Foundation using CSS preprocessors LESS or SASS and Compass.  • Built Web pages those are more user-interactive using JQuery plugins for Drag and Drop, Validator, Auto Complete, AJAX, JSON, Angular JS, Ext JS and Node JS.  • Incorporate the AJAX scripts to improve the performance of the page.  • Created dynamic HTML pages, used JQuery for client-side validations, and AJAX to create interactive front- end GUI.  • Involved in developing various generic JavaScript functions used for validations.  • Implemented user interface guidelines and standards throughout the development and maintenance of the website using DHTML, HTML, CSS, JavaScript and JQuery.  • Responsible to manipulate HTML5, CSS3 in JQuery as well as making the pages dynamic using AJAX, JSON and XML.  • Worked with REST APIs with AJAX calls to fetch the data from the backend as JSON response and parse it on the UI for DOM/CSS Manipulation.  • Worked with databases like MySQL to read data from the server.  • Worked with Developers, Architects and business team in AGILE environment.  • Discussed various ideas/suggestions for the ongoing web sites regarding the page layout and creative design.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, AJAX, JQuery, JQuery UI, Responsive Web Design, Angular 2/4/5/6, TypeScript, Angular.js, Ext.js, Node.js, PrimeNG, bootstrap.js, JSON, DOM, XML, XHTML, W3C, MySQL, Photoshop and Windows. Sr. Front End/UI Developer Catalent - Somerset, NJ October 2016 to March 2018 Responsibilities:  • Closely worked with business system analyst to understand the requirements to ensure that right set of UI modules been built.  • Functionalities include writing code in HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Angular1.x, Angular2 Node.js and jQuery, making use of Bootstrap framework. My Specialty is large scale CSS, focusing on reusability and modularity.  • Enhanced an existing Angular1.X application to Angular2 with TypeScript which resulted in 40% code reduction, ease of upgrade, scalability, ease of developer spin up and enhanced performance  • Leveraged Angular2 resources for all data access, encapsulating URLs, and standardizing data access interfaces.  • Created custom Components and Directives for re-usable components.  • Created Angular2 Directives, Components, Pipes, Injectables across the whole system, such as to build the custom filter.  • Highly used Angular2 Router to build single page application for navigate through the different status and multiple modals.  • Optimizing the code of reusability using the Decorators and injecting the services to access those in any components by using the property called providers in Angular2 Components.  • Set up server middleware to solve CORS issues between Angular 2 and node server.  • Worked on Webpack as module builder for build workflow for Web Application and webpack-dev-server as server.  • Created unit test cases of Angular2 components, services using Karma-test-runner and Jasmine.  • Extensively used Angular CLI to create custom Components, Directives and to run Unit tests.  • Used Typescript as compiler to compile typescript code into JavaScript, and used Typing's to manage Typescript definition.  • The back- end use NodeJS, Express, MongoDB and mongoose to provide RESTful API.  • Using GIT for version control  • Extensively used CSS (Cascading Style Sheets) along with RWD to apply different styles to the layouts for varying screen sizes and pixels.  • Used CSS Grid system for the layout of Application.  • Used CSS pre-processors (SASS and LESS)  • Used Grunt to create UI builds and run UI tasks like compiling less files to generate a CSS file.  • Developed web applications using Restful and SOAP protocols.  • Tested cross browser functionality and fixed major layout bugs for supported browsers.  • Developed the pages that are complaint to W3C and ADA section 508(c) standards.  • Involved in Agile/ SCRUM based approach to UI development.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, SASS, JavaScript ES6, jQuery, Angular1.x, Angular2, Node.js, Bootstrap, XML, Intellij, GIT. Full Stack Java/Web Developer TD Bank - Mount Laurel, NJ January 2015 to September 2016 Responsibilities:  • Involved in Requirements and Analysis Understanding the requirements of the client and the flow of the application as well as the application Framework  • Developed the UI Screens using HTML 5, DHTML, XML, JavaScripts, Ajax, JQuery Custom-tags, JSTL DOM Layout and CSS.  • Designed dynamic client-side JavaScript codes to build web forms and simulate process for web application, page navigation and form validation.  • Created appropriate concept models, site organization, navigation, page layouts and interaction to support company's needs and goals.  • Developed several controller classes as required for the design such as Abstract Wizard form controller, Simple Form controller, Multi Action controller, etc in Spring MVC.  • Used Hibernate to access database and perform database updating.  • Developed Web Services using XML messages that use SOAP. Developed Web Services for Payment Transaction and Payment Release.  • Involved Java Multithreading to cascade multiple changes on multiple records in only one transaction and developed a batch process framework.  • Implemented latest HTML5 and CSS3 features like creating various effects, shading, 2D 3D animation, Shapes, Handling multimedia files and many others.  • Responsible for the overall layout design, color scheme of the web site using HTML 5, XHTML and CSS3 and Responsible for creating detailed wire frames and process flows.  • Used Selectors, Events, AJAX and DOM Manipulation using components in Angular 2.0 for updating  content on DOM nodes.  • Created TypeScript reusable components and services to consume REST API's using Component based architecture provided by Angular 2.  • Wrote Angular interceptor for redirections of pages based on redirection keys comes from AJAX success.  • Used Bootstrap and Angular UI Bootstrap for creating rich, Responsive UI Screens for varying screen sizes and devices.  • Worked with Responsive Web design using Bootstrap.JS.  • Created and deployed new features in order to sustain and amend existing applications.  • Developed cross-browser/platform HTML5, CSS, and JavaScript to match design specs for complex page layouts while adhering to code standards  • Used Dreamweaver as HTML Editor for designing new pages.  • Developed a core component of Analytics with Node.js, Angular.js, EXT JS, Couch DB, and Socket Stream.  • Worked on the modernization of a legacy and outsourced UI technologies used were Angular.js, EXT JS, and JQuery.  • Developed Applications Using CSS 3 Media Queries, SASS and LESS.  • Incorporate the AJAX scripts to improve the performance of the page.  • Implemented site-wide Google sponsored listings and several third-party campaign takeovers using the latest UI technologies like JQuery and HTML5.  • Involved in developing various generic JavaScript functions used for validations.  • Provided graphic and artistic support for web enhancement and new creative initiatives  • Implemented user interface guidelines and standards throughout the development and maintenance of the website using DHTML, HTML, CSS, JavaScript and JQuery.  • Developed client side validation code using JavaScript and JQuery.  • Responsible to manipulate HTML5, CSS3 in JQuery as well as making the pages dynamic using AJAX, JSON and XML.  • Extended CSS as needed to accommodate new data and display types.  • Performed validation of completed sites including the debugging and testing of code.  • Responsible for quality assurance of finished websites including the validation of web forms and links.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JQuery, DHTML, JavaScript, XHTML, XML, JMS, JSON, Ajax, Angular 2, TypeScript, Angular.js, Bootstrap, Node.js, EXT JS, Responsive Web Design, JQuery UI, SOAP, DOM, MVC, SQL, Windows. Full stack Java/UI Developer Broadway Bank - San Antonio, TX September 2013 to December 2014 Responsibilities:  • Involvement in all stages of Software development life cycle including Analysis, development, Implementation, testing and support.  • Involved in web designing using HTML 5, XHTML, CSS 3, JavaScript and extensively used Table less Design in CSS for positioning.  • Integrated Struts application with Spring Framework by configuring Deployment descriptor file and application context file in Spring Framework.  • Developed responsive designs using HTML5 and CSS3 for hand held devices.  • Designed and developed code for table less web interfaces using XHTML, CSS, DOM and JavaScript.  • Designed data formatted web applications using HTML, DHTML, XHTML and CSS and deploy the script by client side scripting using JavaScript.  • Used various Core Java concepts such as Multi Threading, Exception Handling, Collection APIs to implement various features and enhancements.  • Used Core Spring for setter dependency injections.  • Used Hibernate for Database Persistence.  • Responsible to build dynamically generated dropdown lists with Lookup APIs using Ajax, jQuery and React.JS.  • Responsible for creating the screens with table-less designs meeting W3C standards.  • Worked with CSS 3 and Bootstrap to create Responsive Web designs for multiple departments/pages.  • Worked on creating responsive website for smart devices using Responsive Web design and media queries.  • Produced content pages with CSS3 layout and style markup presentations and also used JavaScript methods and properties.  • Developed responsive single page web application using Angular.js and Node.js, custom directives.  • Utilized Angular.js framework to bind HTML template (views) to JavaScript object (models).  • Integrated Bootstrap.JS into several applications for speeding up JavaScript development.  • Designed dynamic and browser compatible pages using HTML, DHTML, CSS, jQuery and JavaScript.  • Developed CSS styles to maintain the uniformity of all the screens throughout the application and positioning of screen objects.  • Designed CSS based page layouts that are cross-browser compatible and standards-compliant. Developed CSS3 style sheets to give gradient effects.  • Worked in using React.JS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, Animations and Flux concept.  • Developed code to call the web service/APIs to fetch the data and populate on the UI using JQUERY/AJAX.  • Coded JavaScript for page functionality and Pop up Screens and used DHTML to make dropdown menus on web pages and display part of a web page upon user request.  • Applied industry best practices and standards when project requirements were lagging.  • Using Google analytics reports, optimized the page load time for the pages that had heavy traffic and improvised those pages using CSS.  • Coordinate with Business and Designer team to develop high level Business and Technical documents.    Environment: HTML5, DHTML, React.JS, XHTML, Ajax, CSS, JQuery, JavaScript, Angular.js, Node.js, Responsive Web Design, HTML, Adobe, JSP, Oracle, Photoshop, CS3, Dream Weaver and Windows. UI Developer Nordstrom - Apparel - Seattle, WA July 2012 to August 2013 Responsibilities:  • Worked closely with Business Analysts and Product team in understanding the technical requirements of each project and prepared the use cases for different functionalities and designs.  • Involved in complete SDLC life cycle - Designing, Coding, Testing, and Debugging and Production Support.  • Responsible for dealing with the front end development using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery.  • Created optimized graphic websites and application interfaces using HTML and CSS.  • Involved in Angular JS controllers, directives, factory and service resources, routings and events.  • Worked on Angular.JS which combines web applications with Model View Controller capability to make development and testing of code efficient.  • Worked with CSS pre-processor tools namely LESS, and SASS.  • Created Cross-Browser compatible and standards-compliant CSS-base page layouts.  • Migrated content from existing website to a new, database driven website, utilized in house Content Management System.  • Used Jasmine framework for testing Angular application that makes testing much easier to set up and run.  • Developed code to call the Restful Web services to fetch the data and populate on the UI using Angular.JS.  • Developed AJAX based web based UI framework by utilizing JQUERY library.  • Designed table-less layouts using CSS and appropriate HTML tags as per W3C standards.  • Developed the custom data grids upon JQUERY framework to deliver the business data.  • Used JQUERY plug-ins to implement features as a light box, sliders and other intuitive features.  • Used AJAX for implementing part of the functionality for Customer Registration, View Customer information modules.  • Worked on 5 verticals of an application on Agile based development cycle with a weekly release Schedule.  • Handled all aspects of the web applications including maintaining, testing, debugging and deploying.    Environment: HTML 4/5, CSS 2/3, JavaScript, JQUERY, Dreamweaver, Angular JS, SQL, W3C, AJAX, JSON, XML. UI Developer Dow Jones Markets - New York, NY March 2011 to June 2012 Responsibilities:  • Worked as UI Developer and responsible for delivering a complete front end application that meets business needs and user goals.  • Involved in extensive HTML coding that implements web applications, prototypes, user interface, and websites for clients.  • Developed the User Interactive web pages in a professional manner with using web technologies like HTML, XHTML, and CSS as per company's standards.  • Developed client side validation code using JavaScript and JQuery.  • Implemented design process upon client approval and built out all assets: buttons, products shots, UI components, etc.  • Utilized various JQUERY plugins to build Rich Internet Application (RIA) to make it look more intuitive.  • Created and deploying new features in order to sustain and amend existing applications.  • Designed multiple UI's (templates) for the website and discussed with team members before coming to a final conclusion.  • Developed CSS page layouts, navigations, backgrounds and presented designs and concepts to the clients and management for reviews.  • Responsible for making Responsive Web pages using Media Queries.  • Used to update the HTML pages using JQUERY, AJAX via JSON response.  • Used AJAX and JSON to make asynchronous calls to the project server to fetch data on fly.  • Developed UI design specs that allows and facilitate project and functional requirements across a multi-disciplinary teams through all phases of the project.  • Participated in bug thrashing sessions to discuss and resolve bugs with developers.  • Evaluate code to make sure that it is valid properly structured meets industry standards is compatible with devices and operating systems.  • Integrated of multiple data sources and database into one system.  • Responsible for code optimization and test the website across different browsers.  • Involved in all phase of SDLC like requirement analysis, implementation and maintenance and have experience in Agile and Scrum.    Environment: HTML, CSS, XHTML, JavaScript, JQuery, AJAX, JSON, Fire bug, Agile, Windows. Web Developer Freddie Mac - McLean, VA January 2010 to February 2011 Responsibilities:  • Involved in development and finalization of initial design of the application and worked with content Managers, copywriters and designers to resolve the issues.  • Designed various multiple styles with colours, fonts, backgrounds in CSS.  • Designed business applications using web technologies like HTML, DHTML, XHTML and CSS based on the W3C standards.  • Designed and implemented a dynamic image rendering web service which is consumed by JavaScript.  • Worked on CSS Background, CSS Positioning, CSS Text, CSS Border and Elements.  • Involved in writing application level code to consume APIs using JSON and XML and AJAX to populate the screen on demand.  • Developed data formatted web applications and deploy the script using client side scripting using JavaScript.  • Created web forms for uploading multiple files to share point document library.  • Delivered the best design aesthetics under tight deadlines, while effectively managing trade-offs between business needs and portal user interface.    Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, XML, AJAX, JSON and Windows. Skills Html, Javascript, Angular.js, Node.js, Typescript Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:  • Web Technologies: HTML/HTML5, CSS2/CSS3, DHTML, XML, XHTML, XSLT, JavaScript, AJAX, JQuery, JSON, Apache, PHP and Responsive Web Design.  • JavaScript Libraries: Angular 2, TypeScript, Angular.js, React.js, Node.js, Ext.js  • IDE's and Tools: Eclipse IDE, NetBean, Dreamweaver, FireBug, Developer Tools, EditPlus, JSfiddle, Webstrom, Tatastrom, Sublimetext  • Development Tools: Adobe Photoshop CS5, Google Ad Words  • Publishing Tools: Adobe PageMaker, MS Office  • Debugging Tools: Firebug, BugZilla, (internet explorer)  • Database: PL/SQL, MySQL, Oracle  • Operating System: Windows 2000/XP/Vista/7/8, LINUX. UNIX.