Sr. UI, Angular Developer Sr. UI, Angular <span class="hl">Developer</span> Sr. UI, Angular Developer Wilmington, DE Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr. UI, Angular Developer JP Morgan Chase - Wilmington, DE October 2018 to July 2019 Roles & Responsibilities:  ? Designed and developed the self-serving application for reserving a certain number of loans to a user using Angular 6, Angular 7 and Node JS platform using JavaScript and TypeScript.  ? Implemented various types of data binding techniques (event binding and two-way data binding) for CRUD functionalities.  ? Developed reusable UI components with different methods for sharing data between Angular components with Output Decorator and Event Emitter.  ? Used Angular Router to turn application into a Single Page Application.  ? Created Angular Interceptors and Services for the HTTP requests, response and error handling.  ? Used REST client and POSTMAN to check the response of various API as a visual documentation for back- end implementation and client-side consumption.  ? Worked on latest features of Java 8 like Lambda expressions and functional interfaces.  ? Used the concepts of Multithreading and Collections Framework.  ? Used Spring JDBC configuration to manage some transactions across multiple databases and integrated spring security for single sign on for different users.  ? Worked on MySQL for creating, updating, deleting query tables, DDL and DML.  ? Used HTML5, Bootstrap and CSS3 to make overall site responsive and less complicated for the end users.  ? Involved in daily scrum meetings and updated burnt chart.  ? Used GIT as version control tool for efficiently managing the code changes & experience with Agile/Scrum methodology.  ? Worked in a CI/CD environment with Jenkins and Maven.  Environment: JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3, SASS, Typescript, Angular 6, Angular 7, Bootstrap 4, jQuery, REST API's, Spring Security, Java 8, Node JS, Webpack, TsLint, NPM, GIT, TDD, JIRA, Karma UI, Frontend, Angular Developer Capital One - Dallas, TX April 2017 to September 2018 Roles & Responsibilities:  ? Effectively involved in requirement gathering, deigning, development, UI reviews and maintenance.  ? Developed agent portal using framework Angular 2/4, Webpack and Angular CLI.  ? Developed single page applications using Angular2/4, Typescript, HTML5, CSS3, ng2-Bootstrap.  ? Developed complex Angular 2/4 UI nested components for reuse and rapid development Angular 2 for each SPA.  ? Created services with Angular4 @Injectable decorator to make the service available for dependency injection when creating components.  ? Performed form validations using reactive forms from Angular 2/4 framework.  ? Implemented Angular Router to enable navigation from one view to the next as customer performs application tasks.  ? Developed customized modal Popup using ng-bootstrap.  ? Created Typescript reusable components and services to consume REST API's using component-based architecture provided by angular.  ? Developed reusable style sheet partials using SASS preprocessor.  ? Created a build process for different environments like development, staging and production.  ? Wrote Unit Test Cases to test the functionality of the code written not only through the component level but also through the DOM level using Karma test runner and Jasmine framework.  ? Implemented error handling and strictly typed coding practices.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, SASS, Typescript, Angular 2, JavaScript, Bootstrap, REST API's, Webpack, TsLint, NPM, GIT, TDD, JIRA, Karma, Jasmine Front End Developer American International Group - Farmington, CT April 2016 to March 2017 Roles & Responsibilities:  ? Developed & tested HTML5, CSS3, jQuery and React JS-Redux that meets accessibility and web browser standards with a focus on consistency and reusability.  ? Implemented client-side interface using Redux.  ? Worked on React Virtual DOM Algorithm for React performance optimization.  ? Responsible for React UI and building components library, including Tree, Slide-View, Table Grid.  ? Developed various screens for the front end using React JS and used various predefined components from NPM and Redux library.  ? Designed and implemented Node JS APIs handling over 100 requests/second at peak.  ? Building highly scalable Restful web services using Node JS/ Express framework.  ? Built various API's in Node utilizing Dynamo dB, Security Token Service, API gateway, Lambda.  ? Created a Responsive web application using Kendo UI for user interactions and integrating Twitter Bootstrap with React-Redux and media queries.  ? Provided consultation and development support services for engaging in a commercial grade search engine including Elastic search, Responsive Web Design, Test Driven Development (TDD), Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery.  ? Involved in fixing defects and Unit testing with test cases using JUnit.  ? Followed JIRA for tracking processes and streamlining agile planning.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, ES6, React JS, React Native, Node.JS, Bootstrap, Redux, jQuery, Grunt, Bower, NPM, AJAX, LESS/SASS, JIRA, Maven, Junit, GIT, Agile UI Developer American Bureau of Shipping - IN December 2014 to January 2016 Roles & Responsibilities:  ? This project has AngularJS that handles the front end RWD view and renders data by calling the REST Web Services using the Jersey framework.  ? Implemented the reliance Calendar in Business Objects Reports scheduling and Dashboards.  ? Worked on GUI Design and Development. (Page Layout Design, HTML5 Design, JavaScript, jQuery and CSS3).  ? Developed application layout and responsive web pages using HTML5, CSS3 and Bootstrap.  ? Developed User Interfaces using JavaScript and JavaScript frameworks such as AngularJS.  ? Created a modular based application using Dependency Injection.  ? Integrated some kendo widgets date pickers, numeric text boxes, tool tips, dialog boxes, drop down list, Email, upload, grid etc.  ? Designed XML web service for handling AJAX requests.  ? Designed and documented REST/HTTP APIs, including JSON data formats and API versioning strategy.  ? Worked on different versions of angular application migration.  ? Worked on responsive design for mobiles and tablets.  ? Used multiple sources for dashboard design solution and resolved some complex issues by implementing the virtual company calendar in BO.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, JavaScript, AngularJS, Tomcat Apache, REST API, Oracle, AJAX, Gulp SVN Web Developer Shop Clues - IN February 2013 to November 2014 Roles & Responsibilities:  ? Involved in development, design and implementation of front- end retail application.  ? Used new software methodologies to be able to adapt to changes in requirements quickly.  ? Developed dynamic emails using JavaScript, HTML and XHTML.  ? Involved in client-side tooling, testing and development with HTML and Modular JavaScript.  ? Worked with the analytics to develop the core metric tagging and checking on page usage statistics.  ? Implemented RESTFUL service calls to backend and consumed JSON objects for promises and callbacks.  ? Successfully implemented Auto Complete/Auto Suggest functionality using AJAX, jQuery, DHTML, Web Service call and JSON.  ? Involved in writing application level code to interact with APIs, web services using AJAX, JSON and XML.  ? Implemented different features of Bootstrap.  ? Worked on the layout and color scheme of the web site and implemented CSS using Dreamweaver.  ? Implemented CSS, SASS or LESS for dynamic styling of application and applied custom styles, overlays and tooltips.  ? Involved in finding out the bugs, broken links and missing images and rectifying them.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Bootstrap, jQuery, JSON, AJAX, XML, DHTML, RESTFUL web-services, SASS, Agile. UI Developer Siemens - IN August 2012 to January 2013 Roles & Responsibilities:  ? Developed JSPs and servlets to dynamically generate HTML and display the data to the client side.  ? Designed and developed front view components using JSP and HTML.  ? Involved in the designing of Java server pages required for the application.  ? Developed the code according to the functional specifications, detailed design and coding standards.  ? Developed Ant build script and Ant task classes to clean, compile, copy, run and doc and developed web service.  ? Involved in unit testing of the application.  Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, Java, JSP Education Master's Degree in Computer Science in Computer Science Stevens Henager College - Salt Lake City, UT 2017 Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science in Computer Science National Institute of Technology - Warangal, Telangana 2012 Skills Visual studio, Javascript, Typescript, Json, Html5, Eclipse, jquery, Ajax, Jira, Database, Mysql, Oracle, Linux, Unix, Unix/linux, Frameworks, Mac Links http://@Injectable Additional Information ? Result-driven IT Professional with referable & strong experience in designing and developing professional UI web applications using front- end technologies.  ? Expert on HTML4/HTML5, CSS3, jQuery, JSON, AJAX, JavaScript, Typescript, Angular 2, Angular 6, React JS, Node JS, Twitter Bootstrap, Web Pack.  ? Thorough in full software development lifecycle, architecting scalable platforms, Object-Oriented Programming, agile and TDD methodologies.  ? Good understanding of Document Object Model (DOM) and DOM Functions.  ? Experience with Angular 2 & 4 Directives, Dependency Injection, Services, Routing, Pipes, Animations, Forms, AOT, Lazy Loading, RXJS etc.  ? Highly skilled in using ECMAScript 2015(ES6), TypeScript, JavaScript Syntax Extension (JSX) with React, Redux.  ? Working knowledge in SQL Programming, SQL Server, and MySQL.  ? Experience in working MVC Architecture in using version control SVN.  ? Good understanding in developing web applications with Spring Framework, Spring MVC, Dependency Injection, Spring Web.  ? Working knowledge using spring experience in applications using Object Oriented JavaScript, JSONP, and XML.  ? Working knowledge on deploying code using Continuous Integration tool Jenkins, Continuous Deployment tools like Docker and GIT.  ? Experience in debugging and troubleshooting the existing code.  ? Good knowledge on testing frameworks like Karma, Jasmine, Chrome Web inspectors and IE Developer Toolbar.  ? Exercised with different text editors like IntelliJ, Visual Studio Code, Eclipse, WebStorm, Atom and Notepad++.    Technical competencies:    Web Technologies: HTML4/HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, TypeScript, jQuery, JSON, AJAX, Angular 2, Angular 4, Angular 6, Angular 7, Node JS, React JS, React Native  Database: MySQL, Oracle, Mongo DB  Operating Systems: Windows, Unix/Linux, Mac  IDE/Editors: IntelliJ, Visual Studio Code, Eclipse, Atom, WebStorm, Notepad++  Testing Frameworks: Karma, Jasmine  Project Management Tools: GitHub, Confluence, JIRA