Remote Contractor Remote Contractor Leesburg, VA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Remote Contractor LMP October 2017 to March 2019 Managed all my normal task remotely for the Web Content Editor & Front- End Developer position that are listed below. Web Content Editor & Front- End Developer LMP May 2017 to October 2017 Responsible for creating marketing campaigns for two LMP brands.  Manage separate e-commerce sites using Shopify and NetSuite SCA  Supervise the creation of email campaigns in Mailchimp.    DUTIES  • Manage a site redesign and upgrade to Elbrus, the newest version of SuiteCommerce Advanced.  • Oversee new product creation for both brands and review new designs to ensure brand consistency.  • Ensure SEO guidelines and best practices are followed.  • Pinpoint and implement user experience improvements on both sites. Jr. Front- end Web Developer Zodiac Pool Systems June 2015 to May 2017 Managed multiple projects in a fast paced, result driven environment.  Worked on multiple email campaigns, product launches, and designing the functionality of new web apps. Responsible for managing 10 different brands and their corresponding sites.    DUTIES  ? Created wireframes and responsive front end code for Zodiac's backend developer to turn into .net applications.    ? Coordinated with product managers to ensure successful product launches from creating a new product pages inside Sitecore to sending out new product alert emails to our multiple client bases.    ? Worked in SIteCore coupled with Git and Beyond Compare to implement approved redesigns of pages and sites using Bootstrap, custom HTML/CSS, and JavaScript.    ? Worked closely with our web team and lead digital designer to personally make sure our 10 sites and any new tools I created were aligned with our SEO strategy, brand guidelines, and email strategies.    ? Partnered with our email specialist to create unique landing pages to drive traffic and conversion rates.    ? Conducted meetings with the design team to develop our brand guidelines for the web as well as creating documentation for our content editor to use.    ? Put together informative presentations detailing our sites statistics using google analytics and FullStory user tracking for upper management. Freelancer August 2014 to June 2015 Duties include providing a variety of web development services for clients. Some of these services include working with the client to create a design that is both functional and elegant while sticking to the budget and time frame allotted. Using current technologies and frameworks in conjunction with best practices to make sure everything runs as efficiently as possible. Jr. Web Developer SweetLabs July 2013 to July 2014 Worked in a multi-team environment on diverse projects that allowed me to be highly flexible with a wide range of responsibilities from creating graphics to developing apps. Personal task management goals were accomplished while meeting specific deadlines.    DUTIES  ? Co-developed a responsive dynamic redesign of SweetLabs.com utilizing a combination of HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Foundation, and JSON.    ? Developed 100+ desktop apps under the Pokki Package Apps Framework with HTML5, JavaScript, CSS, and jQuery.    ? Assisted the QA (Quality Assurance) department workflow process by creating tasks and categorizing pre-existing tasks in Jira by their urgency for release. Once all existing tasks were taken care of for a project I then retested to ensure it was ready for production release.    ? Assisted the Graphics department in creating desktop application icons and corresponding banners for the SweetLabs Pokki store utilizing Photoshop and Illustrator. Education B.S in Art Web Design and Interactive Media - The Art Institute of San Diego - San Diego, CA June 2013