Full-Stack Web Developer Full-Stack Web <span class="hl">Developer</span> Senior Web Developer Chicago, IL Hello,  I am a Senior Full-Stack Web Developer with over 10 years of experience in building web sites. I have a good working experience with famous companies like Designory, SoMe and SomeOddPilot.    My professional experience includes introducing new and fresh ideas to the UI/UX of the project, and then bringing it to life using HTML5, CSS3 and create a complex backend architecture. I think my skills and experience makes me a great fit for your company    I would like to invite you to take a look at my resume and my personal website at www.syedakhtar.work where you can learn a bit more about me, my past employment and some of the projects that I’ve taken on as well.    Thank you for taking time to look at my profile.     I look forward to hearing back from you soon.    Syed Akhtar  dev.syed.akhter@gmail.com Work Experience Full-Stack Web Developer Designory - Chicago, IL 2016 to Present Designory is a well-established Web agency that specializes in both website and application development. At Designory I got a unique opportunity to work with some huge brand names such as Audi and Nissan. At Designory my everyday task included:    • Designed, Developed, Maintained and Enhanced systems based on the Business requirements using the Approved technologies and coding standards.   • Created and designed conceptual diagrams, visual mockups and managed detailed user interface speci?cations using Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator and Adobe XD.   • Created fully functional and responsive website from scratch using HTML/CSS and JavaScript, while using frameworks and JS libraries such to ensure a fast turnaround time, React/Redux, Angular, Vue, JQuery, JQuery UI and JQuery Mobile.  • Used Laravel/Node for backend data manipulation and API development.  • Used CSS frameworks like Bootstrap and AntDesign library.  • Utilized the use of CSS pre-processors such as LESS and SASS for more efficient and better CSS development.   • Well versed in different CMS, I have previously worked with Wordpress, Joomla along with E-commerce platforms such as Shopify, Big-Commerce and Woo-Commerce.   • Deployed websites online using AWS, GoDaddy, Bluehost and Hostgator Front- End Web Developer SoMe - Chicago, IL 2012 to 2016 SoMe is a Digital Marketing Agency they build Advanced level Websites & and Web Applications. They specialize in all things related to the web, I joined them in the Capacity of a Front- end Developer. On any give day my core tasks included    • Designed UI speci?cations using Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator and Sketch  • Converted Design Mockups to fully functional and responsive website using HTML/CSS/ Vanilla JavaScript, while smartly integrating the use of front- end frameworks and JS libraries such as Angular and JQuery (JQuery, JQuery UI and JQuery Mobile).  • Used CSS frameworks like Bootstrap and AntDesign library. Utilized the use of CSS pre-processors such as LESS and SASS.  • Well-experienced in creating custom themes and have worked with Premium themes as well.   • Created custom WordPress plugins writing Short-code for plugin, using WordPress hooks, DB queries, AJAX data handling, Front- end integration, Back- end for plugin viewing and Back- end pages for handling plugins.  • Website deployment using AWS and Bluehost. Back- End Web Developer SomeOddPilot - Chicago, IL 2009 to 2012 SomeOddPilot is a Chicago based Digital marketing Agency that solely works around the idea of Building a website from the ground up and keeping it up to speed with the modern day requirements. At SoMe I joined as a Back- end PHP developer.    • Created UI design using Adobe Photoshop and later switched to Sketch.  • Developed Custom HTML/CSS and custom JavaScript for Web Applications.  • Created websites and applications using PHP and MySQL.  • Designed and developed custom Back- End Architectures using PHP and additional frameworks such as CodeIgniter and Yii.  • Used SQL databases such as MySQL. Have previously worked on Theme & Plugin development in WordPress Education Bachelor's in Computer Science University of Illinois - Chicago, IL December 2008 Skills HTML (10+ years), CSS (10+ years), Javascript (10+ years), Bootstrap (8 years), React (4 years), Angular (4 years), Redux (4 years), Vue (2 years), LESS (3 years), SASS (8 years), jQuery (8 years), PHP (6 years), Laravel (5 years), Node (4 years), CodeIgniter (4 years), Yii (2 years), MySQL (7 years), MongoDB (3 years), MariaDB (2 years), PostgreSQL (3 years), WordPress (6 years), Joomla (3 years), BigCommerce (3 years), WooCommerce (6 years), Photoshop (10+ years), Illustrator (8 years), Adobe XD (1 year), Sketch (5 years) Links http://www.syedakhtar.work Additional Information FREELANCE PROJECTS WITH    Mabbly   www.mabbly.com    No Limit Agency   www.nolimitagency.com    Envisionit Agency   www.envisionitagency.com     Forsythe   www.forsythe.com    Collisionlabs   www.collisionlabs.com