UI Developer UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> UI Developer - Green Sky LLC • Over8+ yearsof extensive experience in software development life cycle (SDLC) in developing and designing user experiences of Internet/Intranet applications using HTML5, HTML, XHTML XML CSS, CSS3, PHP, JavaScript, JQuerymeetingW3C standards.  • Proven track record in Graphic and User Experience Design and Transforming Web/Graphic Designers static prototypes into hand-coded HTML, specifically emphasizing accuracy and efficiency & adhering to W3C-established web standards with respect to maintaining cross-browser/cross-platform compatibility and delivering final page templates, including optimized images.  • Good knowledge of latest version of objectoriented JavaScript Libraries like Angular.js 2.0 &1.0x, Node.js, Backbone.js, Bootstrap, JQuery, React.JS and Dojo toolkit.  • Experience with Responsive Web Design patterns and Bootstrap.  • Expertise in designing and developing User Experiences for Web Applications using Web Authoring tools such as Adobe Dreamweaver CS3, Adobe Illustrator, and Adobe Flash.  • Expertise in building strong websites confirming Web 2.0 standards using Yahoo User Interface (YUI) Framework, JQuery, Angular.js 1.0 & 2.0, React.JS, HTML5, XHTML, DHTML & CSS3 to develop valid code and table-free sites.  • High-level of expertise in CSS pixel-level layout, Consistency with browsers, Version and Platform Independence.  • Good experience working on CSS Background, CSS Positioning, CSS Text, CSS Border, CSS Margin, CSS Padding, CSS Table, Pseudo Classes, Pseudo Elements and CSS Behaviors in CSS.  • Architecting and automating the build process for production, using task runners or scripts  • Well versed with various software development methodologies - Waterfall, Agile, and Scrum.  • Experienced in developing both front end and back end applications using Java, J2EE, HTML, HTML5, CSS, CSS3,JavaScript, Angular.js 1.0x, Angular.js 2.0, React JS, Spring MVC, Spring, Hibernate, Cloud Applications, Node JS, SAAS, RWD, DOM, Gulp, Python, jQuery, and Ajax.  • Pretty good Experience on various JavaScript Frameworks depending on the use case (e.g. JQuery, React JS, Angular JS).  • Developed a responsive webpage using media queries with the latest version CSS3.  • Expert in working with cutting edge front- end technologies/ framework and libraries like JQuery, Prototype,(X)HTML, DHTML, OO JavaScript, JSON, DOM, CSS, XML/XSLT, AJAX.  • Proficient with creating Logos, Banners, Buttons, Icons and Images using Adobe Flash and Adobe Illustrator.  • Used Wireframes as required by the client.  • Extensive experience in various UI widgets using JavaScript libraries.  • Good knowledge of using JavaScript testing frameworks, Jasmine, Karma, and Protractor.  • Experience integrating Restful APIs and web services with applications.  • Experience with node testing libraries mocha, chai, karma, jasmine etc.  • Expert inresolving User Interface issues using various front end technologies such as HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, Angular.js1.x, Angular.js 2.0 and AJAX.  • Skilled at analyzing and solving browser compatibility challenges and possesses ability to maintain consistency and well commented HTML and CSS markup.  • Worked in wide range of environments, with IDEs like Eclipse, Net Beans, and with SVN and Git.  • Good experience in developing web Applications using Spring MVC, Struts framework implementing Action Controllers, Action Forms, Spring Validation Framework and Spring Tag Libraries.  • Worked with Agile waterfall and scrum methodology.  • Experience in using Web Services like SOAP protocol in JAXWS and RESTFUL web services Proficient in Object Oriented Design/Development (OOD), Object Oriented Analysis and Design (OOAD), Model View Control (MVC) design pattern and Test Driven Development (TDD).  • Experience with User Acceptance Testing (UAT) and Accessibility Testing.  • Experienced with JIRA for bug tracking and issue tracking.  • Experience in implementing Auto Complete/Auto Suggest functionality using Ajax, JQuery, DHTML, Web Service call and JSON.  • Experienced in working in AGILE based development environment and participating in Scrum sessions.  • Experienced in working with various databases Oracle, SQL Serverand MySQL.  • Expert in creating Templates, Mockups, and Prototypes, Web Interfaces, Layouts.  • Experience in A/B Testing Unit Testing (Jasmine, Karma), Integration Testing and Automation testing (SELENIUM), and also experience with User Acceptance Testing (UAT) and Accessibility Testing.  • Ability to handle multiple tasks and to work independently as well as in a team, experienced in interacting with Business/Technology groups. Work Experience UI Developer Green Sky LLC - Atlanta, GA April 2018 to Present Responsibilities:  • Developed HTML views with HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap and Angular JS.  • Involved in the requirement analysis ,designing, development, testing and maintenance of application.  • Developed professional UI web application by using HTML5,CSS3,jQuery,Javascript and JavaScript framework such as Angular 6.0.  • Responsible for creating sketch, wireframe prototype and visual mockups.  • Requirements gathering from Business and defining user stories specifications for the system.  • Worked on JavaScript frameworks(node.js) to augment browser based applications.  • Responsible to create mobile applications using angular js for web API and browser clients.  • Responsive web design so it is compatible with any mobile devices.  • Written many custom directives ,services and filters in angular.js as per the functional requirements.  • Established pages using CSS 3 to maintain the uniformity of all the screens throughout the application in positioning of screen objects.  • Implemented the frontend with Angular,Bootstrap for dynamic web interface  • Created UX deliverables, including competitive website audits, interaction design, sitemaps, and wireframes.  • Worked with AJAX data consisting of JSON/XML/JSONPresponses, parsing the same and presenting on the UI layer.  • Wrote Single Page Applications using RESTFUL web services with Angular 2.0  • Developed mockups and prototypes using Javascript,AJAX,HTML5 and CSS3.  • Developed the application for responsive to different screen resolution using bootstrap and CSS3 media queries.  • Worked on resolving User Interface issues using various technologies such as HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, Angular.js 1.x, Angular 2.0 and AJAX.  • Expert in HTML5/CSS3 development and have experience in Angular.js design.  • Developed code for Responsive web design in JavaScript using framework like Angular.js2.0.  • Designed dynamic and browser compatible pages using HTML5, CSS3, JQuery and JavaScript.  • Designed UI screens using CSS, Angular JS Framework and HTML.  • Involved in the development of presentation layer and GUI framework using Angular JS and HTML.  • Worked on resolving User Interface issues using various front end technologies such as HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, Angular.js 1.x, Angular 2.0 and AJAX.  • Contributed as key resource of the Angular 2 Framework Team in conversion of existing UI screens of the application.  • Involved in implementing some of the POC's and application components using web technologies like HTML4/5, CSS2/3, JavaScript, JQueryand KJS AJAX libraries.  • Used Jasmine to perform unit testing of custom filters, custom directives and various parts of AngularJS application.  • Involved in rendering custom HTML tags & implemented client side Interface using React.js.  • Developed code for Responsive web design in JavaScript using frameworks like Angular.js 2.0.  • Involved in development of commonly used Angular components across teams such as directives for grid, pagination, conditional validations.  • Built Single Page Applications (SPA), Responsive Web design, UI using HTML5 Grid Layouts, CSS3 Media queries.  • Used JSON for storing and exchanging information between browsers and servers.  • Involved in using GIT for version controlling and reviewing code.  • Developed application for different browsers and fixed bugs for browser compatibility.  • Used JavaScript as a scripting language for Node.JS.  • Enhanced user experience by designing new web features using MVC Framework like Node.js.  • Consumed REST web service and displayed the data to user in screen as suggested in wireframes.  • Responsible for making responsive web pages using twitter bootstrap and media queries.  • Used CSS pre-processors (SASS and LESS).  • Worked with Grunt, as that is used to create UI builds and run UI tasks like compiling less files to generate a CSS file.  • Collaborated closely with groups in and outside of development team to achieve well-designed responsive design interface.  • Worked on GitHub to maintain the repository.  • Implemented in Agile development process on Software Development Life Cycle and done with effort estimations using Function points & 3p estimations.  • Involved in Unit Testing by using Karma & Jasmine, and also involved in writing test cases using Jasmine and Karma to ensure code coverage.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, Angular JS, AJAX, Responsive Web Design, Node.js, JQuery UI, JSON, Atom, Photoshop, Flax, JavaScript, JSP, SASS, LESS, Agile methodology, GIT, JBoss, Eclipse ,Mac OS UNIX commands Front End/UI Developer US Bank - Portland, OR August 2016 to March 2018 Responsibilities:    • Involved in Requirement gathering phase in order to gather the requirements from the business users and dealing with UX team to continuously accommodate changing user requirements.  • Developed the front end of the application using HTML5, DHTML,CSS3, SASS, JSP, JavaScript  • Applied advanced HTML, JavaScript, and CSS to deliver cutting-edge user interfaces and components.  • Created interactive websites and website features using JavaScript and JQuery.  • Used Angular.js and Node.js for developing single page web applications.  • Worked on Page level code using JavaScript with Angular.js framework along with JQUERY and other JavaScript libraries.  • Developed code for Responsive web design in JavaScript using frameworks like Angular.js 2.0, React.js.  • Worked on GitHub to maintain the repository.  • Used Node JS to develop the back end components, connecting the application with the other web services.  • Expertise in building strong websites confirming Web 2.0 standards using Yahoo User Interface (YUI) Framework, JQuery, Angular.js 1.0 & 2.0, React.JS, HTML5, XHTML, DHTML & CSS3 to develop valid code and table-free sites.  • Creating interactive prototypes using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript front end code from a combination of wireframes, visual designs and design standards.  • Utilized Adobe Fireworks, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Dreamweaver and Illustrator for the front- end development such as graphics and multimedia's.  • Involved in implementing some of the POC's and application components using web technologies like HTML4/5, CSS2/3, JavaScript, JQuery, and React.js and KJS AJAX libraries.  • Responsible for creating the screens with table-less designs meeting W3C standards.  • Wrote application level code to interact with the backend databases JQUERY, AJAX and JSON.  • Used Dreamweaver, Photoshop, Flex for implementing application and designing graphics and images.  • Applied JQuery scripts for basic animation and end user screen customization purposes.  • Worked upon the dashboard for the project which contained a variety of charts and drag gable components using JQUERY UI Library.  • Worked on Responsive web pages (RWD) using Bootstrap, Restful API web development and media queries.  • Designed and developed of UI using HTML/DHTML, CSS, Dojo, & JavaScript.  • Used AJAX for asynchronously exchanging small amount of data with the server behind the scenes and updating the JSP page.  • Used AJAX and JSON to make asynchronous calls to the project server to fetch data on the fly.  • Development of highly interactive multiplayer HTML5 / CSS3 / Canvas based games using Angular JS and JQuery with custom Grunt JS configurations for testing and final deployment.  • Involved in implementing data grid/tables using Bootstrap and Angular JS for front- end client facing of the Single Page applications (SPA).  • Used XML Web Services using SOAP to transfer the amount to transfer application that is remote and global to different financial institutions.  • Worked with Agile software lifecycle methodologies. Create design documents when and as required Perform coding, debugging and testing.  • Responsible to manipulate HTML5, CSS3 in JQuery as well as making the pages dynamic using AJAX, JSON and XML.  • Enhanced user experience by designing new web features using MVC Framework like Node.js.  • Took advantage of MVC pattern of Angular JS framework to produce higher maintainability of the code.  • Involved with bug fixing on functionality, performance and designing issues with JavaScript and JQuery.  • Worked on JIRA to maintain and update the task developed and deployed Action Classes and JSP for Dynamic HTML generation.  • Involved in writing test cases using Jasmine and Karma to ensure code coverage.  • Worked closely with business users and developers of team to resolve issues.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JQuery, AJAX, Responsive Web Design, Angular.js, Angular 2, Typescript, Node.js, JQuery UI, JSON, React.js, Jasmine, karma, Dreamweaver, Photoshop, Flax, JavaScript, JSP, SASS ,MVC. UI Developer Catholic Health Initiatives - Denver, CO June 2014 to June 2016 Responsibilities:    • Analyzed business requirements, participated in technical design, development and testing of various modules assigned.  • Used the functionalities to write code in HTML5/HTML, CSS3/CSS, Angular.js, JavaScript, JQuery, Ajax, JSON, and Bootstrap with MySQL database as the backend.  • The project is build upon the Single Page Application (SPA) criteria.  • Developed Web application for backend system using Angular.js with cutting edge HTML5 and CSS3 techniques.  • For new website features wrote Angular.js controllers, views and services.  • Involved in developing a new business application to the layout using Grid orientation model Bootstrap framework.  • Enhanced user experience by designing new web features using MVC Framework like Node.js.  • Added dynamic functionality to the application by implementing JQuery, Node js.  • Modularized front end CSS and JS code with SASS.  • Built a real-time mouse/click user analytics web service with Node.js  • Brief experience on implementing the Angular.js in creating animations based on CSS classes.  • Designed Frontend with in object orientedJavaScript Framework like Node.js and Ext.js.  • Developed JQuery code using an XML Http Request Adapter to send an AJAX request to the server side code and also implemented a callback function to handle the results.  • Worked on prototypes for Responsive Web design.  • Implemented JavaScript source code and embedded nested handling logic usingJQuery event handlers and call back functions.  • Developed the JQuery callback functions for implementing asynchronous communication using AJAX.  • Extensively used JQuery UI for screen design and development.  • Involved in Coding, styling, testing of reusable JavaScript, CSS3, HTML5 widgets/ libraries for complete UI controls.  • Designed user-friendly navigation for displaying various sections of data using JQuery.  • Created Dynamic Web Pages using Web Controls and developed forms using HTML5.  • Coded pages with best Search Engine Optimization (SEO) techniques.  • Used Dreamweaver, Photoshop, Flex for implementing application and designing graphics and images.  • Used Content Management system (CMS) for the dynamic configuration of the header and footer of the web application.  • Styling pages using CSS3.0 and developed JavaScript for user interfaces.  • Used CSS Blueprint to create grids and adopt cross browser interactive features and to make the web pages more.  • Implemented XML parsing code for different application.  • Developed server sideREST style web services and called them from angular controllers.  • Frequently met with the project manager to review project goals and to create proposals for future developments, researching their fields for UI design.  • Used SVN for version control and JIRA for defect tracking and Hands on experience in Python for the automation of some tasks.  • Worked with the team of architects and back- end Developers to gather requirements and enhance the application functionality and add new features.    Environment: HTML5, CSS, JQuery, Bootstrap, Angular.js, Require.js,Ext.js,Node.js, Backbone.js, Responsive Web Design, AJAX, JQuery UI, JavaScript, Dreamweaver, Photoshop, Flex, MVC, Rest Web Services, JSON, XML, SEO, MySQL Server, Eclipse and Windows. UI Developer KnoahSoft Inc - Hyderabad, Telangana July 2012 to May 2014 Responsibilities:    • Closely worked with business system analyst to understand the requirements to ensure that right set of UI modules been built.  • Developed web pages and components using HTML and CSS and JavaScript.  • Created business classes and base objects.  • Utilized JavaScript and JQuery to improve overall design and UI of campaign websites.  • Worked alongside backend Java programmers to troubleshoot Java Script related issues with front- end connectivity.  • Extracted data in UI for different clients using JSON format.  • Implemented client-side validations using JavaScript.  • Implemented AJAX to speed up web application Used Web Developer, Firebug, and IE developer toolbar for debugging and browser compatibility.  • Participated in maintenance and production support.    Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, AJAX, JSON, Firebug and Windows. UI Developer Pike Solutions - Hyderabad, Telangana May 2010 to June 2012 Responsibilities:    • To analyze the requirements and develop enhancements that will mostly benefit users.  • Used HTML to develop websites.  • Modified the existing website by adding suitable naming conventions and coding standards.  • Worked with user interfaces and applied usability principle to portals.  • Primary role was to improve GUI, solve the navigational issues and provide support to the senior web developers.  • Worked extensively with the File management and image libraries.  • To control the usability, aesthetics, speed and communication of the websites.  • Created an inline-edit and widget-collapse feature for the web page.  • Used Wireframes to draw the user requirements.  • Developed clickable prototypes in HTML, DHTML, CSS and JavaScript.  • Tested web sites and fixed any existing bugs using Firebug.  • Provide maintenance to several websites.  • Responsible for code optimization and test the website across different browsers.    Environment: HTML, XHTML, XML, XSLT, XPATH, CSS, JavaScript, JSP, JSON, AJAX, DOM, Eclipse, Sub Version, SVN version control. Skills Gui, Html, Javascript, Angular.js, Bootstrap, Angular, Angularjs, Front End, Front-End, Jquery, React, UI, User Interface Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:    UI Technologies  HTML, HTML5, XML, CSS, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, PHP, AJAX, DOM, DOJO, Core Java, GUI, Responsive Web design, JSON ,Gulp ,Grunt , SASS ,LESS ,Media queries, XML, GULP,GRUNT ,SASS, LESS ,Jasmine, Karma, Protractor, JQuery UI, Angular.js, Node.js, Angular 2, Typescript, Bootstrap, React.js.    IDE, HTML Editor  Web Storm, Notepad++, Adobe Dreamweaver, Adobe Flash Professional + Action Script 2.0/3.0, Microsoft Publisher, Eclipse, Atom, Edit Plus.    Web/App server Apache Tomcat 5.0.25, HTTP Web Server.  Database ORACLE, SQL SERVER, MYSQL.  Operating systems Windows NT, Windows 2000, Windows XP (Prof), Win 7, win 8.  Methodologies Agile, Rational Unified Process (RUP), UML.