Front End Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End Developer Denver, CO Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Front End Developer Society for Mining Metallurgy & Exploration - Denver, CO September 2018 to Present Front end web development and website support in Kentico and Wordpress. Support for DotNetNuke e-commerce pages. Consultancy and support for internal employees. Front End Developer WaxCreative Design January 2018 to September 2018 o Job Duties: Front end web development and website support in WordPress.  Development, support, and customization of custom themes. Configuration Developer Community Systems - Denver, CO August 2015 to October 2017 Implementation, configuration, and support of the various software  tools proprietary to CS: InSite GIS planning tool, Virtual Tour GIS mapping tool,  Community Profile demographic data tool. Front- end web development in  Kentico CMS, WordPress front- end development and server administration on a  LAMP stack, end-to- end from site instance setup to launch. Support, consulting, and training for internal resources. Junior Developer Hatton Point, Inc - Denver, CO June 2014 to March 2015 Development and support for Microsoft .NET applications, along with  HTML/CSS front end web development. Provided support and full-stack feature  development for enterprise-level .NET framework software. One of two  developers tasked with simultaneously launching 3 sites on the Kentico platform.  Maintained and contributed to the development of the company website, and personally helped to pull in several new projects. Senior Web Producer Magellan's Travel Supplies - Denver, CO September 2013 to June 2014 Web production and internal/organic SEO management for a multi- channel travel gear retailer. Responsible for handling all web catalog releases, creating SEO-focused content strategy, and management of affiliate partnerships, including SkyMall and Amazon. Content Manager Monigle Associates - Denver, CO June 2012 to August 2013 Content management and SQL/MySQL database management for a branding firm in Denver. Assisted with development of both ASP and PHP websites in a proprietary content management system, as well as Drupal and Yii. Acted as site admin for Bank of America Merchant Services, handled user management for BAMS, AMEX, and various other clients. Education Some college Skills Front End, Front-End, Javascript