Front- End Developer <span class="hl">Front</span>-<span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Web Designer + Developer Denver, CO Web designer and developer with 5 years of experience. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Front- End Developer Cision - Denver, CO July 2017 to Present I pull down existing client sites, strip them of content, and implement our CMS data using PHP, then push the sites back live for a seamless experience. I also do regular upkeep, debugging, and maintenance, as well as some WCAG work and the occasional custom site design or from-scratch build. Designer and Developer Starz Entertainment, LLC June 2015 to November 2017 This position gave me a lot of exposure to HTML5 ads. I did several ad campaigns, producing static, animated, and interactive ad campaigns using Google Webdesigner. I also built and tested custom responsive emails, and did upkeep and maintenance for many different campaigns. Putting together custom micro sites was also my responsibility. I produced a couple from wireframes through production, as well as updated existing sites quarterly. Front- End Web Developer PlaceWise Media - Denver, CO June 2014 to June 2015 I worked in an Agile environment with the dev team and produced retail websites. I did a lot of design match, ground-up custom builds as well as responsive email campaigns, and regular maintenance. I learned to use a gut protocol through the command line here as well as how to build a style guide and use a precompiler and Sass. Graphic Designer PENTAX Ricoh Imaging - Denver, CO October 2013 to June 2014 I was PENTAX’s graphic design resource for the whole of North America. I produced retail displays, packaging, magazine spreads, internal educational materials, trade show displays, ads for anyone who called in looking for one, social content and assets, and web banners and minor web updates. Web Designer + Developer Drift Web Design - Baton Rouge, LA April 2011 to July 2013 This was a small-town shop where I got to wear all the hats. I did networking and sold contracts, designed logos and branding, did witeframes and web design, built out custom site designs with a Wordpress backend for content, and even did photography for products, locations, and headshots along with editing for the sites. Education BFA in graphic design College of Art + Design - Baton Rouge, LA 2011 Louisiana State University Skills HTML 5, CSS3, Scss, Wordpress, JQuery, Bootstrap Links http://Noelietrex.github.io