UI Developer UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End Developer Denver, CO • Over 9 years of professional experience as User Interface/ Front End Developer in developing web applications using HTML5, CSS,SASS,Bootstrap,JavaScript,Typescript jQuery,Angular, AngularJS, ReactJS, JavaScript,Typescript, Ajax and JSON.  • Experience in Object Oriented JavaScript Analysis, Design and Development.  • Experience in Software Development Life-Cycle (SDLC) preparing Requirement Specification documents, User Training documents and Technical Help documents.  • Expertise with browser debugging tools and troubleshooting existing code using Firebug, IE Tester, Chrome Inspector, Responsive Inspector and etc.  • Work experience with MVC JavaScript Frameworks like Angular JS for fast paced web development and better functionality.  • Good Knowledge in Angular.js, Backbone.js and Twitter Bootstrap.  • Developed Responsive Web designs (RWD) using Media Queries and Bootstrap  • Experience in consuming Web Services using SOAP, WSDL and Restful.  • Experience in developing a JavaScript performance testing toolkit for web on Node.js applications.  • Experience in building cross browser compatibility applications and developing responsive/adaptive web applications.  • Extensive knowledge with frameworks like jQuery, Angular JS and Node.JS.  • Experience in React.js for building several web components and used Redux.js for building model and functionalities to the controller.  • Strong experience with JUNIT in performing unit testing and in determining the application functionality.  • Experience on working with agile methodologies and daily Scrums.  • Experience in writing Software Requirements Specifications, Technical and User Documentation for complex application development projects by interacting with clients and other teams in the project.  • Have knowledge/experience in Software Development Processes like Waterfall, Test Driven Development (TDD), Rational Unified Process, Scrum, Iterative and Agile Methodologies.  • Experience in working with customers to determine their needs, gather, analyse and document requirements, communicate with customers throughout the development cycle, manage customer expectations, resolve issues and provide project status.  • Up to date Knowledge with the latest industry trends in UI design and usability.  • Strong problem-solving and planning skills, with ability to work independently or in a team environment. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience UI Developer First Data - Omaha, NE April 2018 to Present Responsibilities:  • Developed a web application by using Angular4/6/7 as front- end by using Web API to receive and pass data to back- end  • Used angular-CLI for initializing and for project setup.  • Built Angular 4/2 components, UI services to consume rest services.  • Generated responsive data tables using Bootstrap grid system.  • Transfer data between parent and child components by using @input and @output  • Worked with QA team on daily basis in fixing the reported bugs and checking cross platform compatibility.  • Developed Test Driven Development (TDD) using Jasmine framework for the application.  • Successfully implemented Auto Complete/Auto Suggest functionality using jQuery, AJAX, Web services call and JSON.  • Created Test Plans for Unit Testing and System Testing.  • Used JIRA for bug tracking and also to check the work flow.  • Collaboration with team members design, analysis, coding, testing and review website.  • Best practices in 508 Compliance    Environment: HTML4/5, CSS3, Java Script, TypeScript, jQuery, AJAX, Json, Angular 2/4, 508 Compliance Application Developer Charter Communication - Denver, CO September 2017 to March 2018 Responsibilities:  • Extensively involved in design discussions and user experience sessions to provide inputs on the layout.  • Worked on AngularJS, Bootstrap.JS, JQuery JavaScript libraries to make website responsive and interactive  • Rebuild the entire application using ngForward approach while migrating from angular 1.5 to 2.0.  • Involved with cross browser testing and compatibility using Google Chrome, Firefox, Safari, IE and Edge.  • implemented responsive UI which will scale itself depending on the device, platform and browser, using Angular 2.0, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, Web pack.  • Cleaned up $scope dependencies and changed the application into component based after migration  • Identified the business requirements for the client development Portal.  • Used HTML5, DHTML, JSON, CSS3, JavaScript, Ajax to create the front- end applications.  • Used Angular JS Framework to develop applications  • Updated UI as per changing needs and requirements.  • Converted ECMAScript 5 version js files to app.component.ts files (ES6) to support oops concepts to migrate functionality easily.  • Performed unit tests using Jasmine testing environment, end-to- end tests using Protractor and checked the performance of application across multiple browsers using Karma test runner.  • Created TypeScript reusable components and services to consume REST API's using Component based architecture provided by Angular 2.0.  • Created Angular 2.0 components implemented Interpolation, Input variables, Bootstrapping, NgFor, NgIf, Router Outlet, binding the click event, Component decorator, binding to the hidden property.  • Experience in user Experience Design(UX) to improve usability, accessibility, and pleasure provided in the interaction between the user and the product.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, Angular.JS (2.0), Bootstrap 4.0, JavaScript, JQUERY, JSP, AJAX, JSON Web UI Developer Frist Data - Omaha, NE January 2017 to August 2017 Responsibilities:  • Development of well responsive SPA (Single Page Application) using AngularJS framework in conjunction with HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery with front- end UI team.  • Used custom directives in AngularJS to extend the functionality of HTML.  • Followed ES6 coding standards and coding best practices.  • Involved in Design, Development, Bug Fixing, Improvement and Enhancement of websites.  • Designed and developed Front- end UI entities to improve existing websites.  • Apache Tomcat servers to deploy and configure Java API'S and front- end modules respectively.  • HTML5, CSS3, Ajax and all leading browsers to design the website content.  • Worked on AngularJS, Bootstrap.JS, JQuery JavaScript libraries to make website responsive and interactive.  • Used JQuery Ajax request/response to JPA to form the integration between front- end and middleware API'S.  • Jira to track issues, bugs, defects as well as project progress.  • Git repository for version controls, tagging and distributed non-liner workflows.  • Best practices in 508 Compliance.  • Involved with cross browser testing and compatibility using Google Chrome, Firefox and IE.  • Experience in both Agile Development and Waterfall methodologies.  • Create design document when and as required.  • Perform coding, debugging and testing.  • Successfully executed all the test cases and fix and bugs/issues identified during the test cycles.  • Worked with the team of architects and back- end Developers to gather requirements and enhance the application functionality and add new features.    Environment: HTML4/5, CSS3, Java Script, jQuery, AJAX, Json, AngularJS, 508 Compliances Web UI Developer Q2E Banking - Austin, TX June 2014 to December 2016 Responsibilities:  • This project is about the billboards that are displayed roadside and have to keep track of the people that are crossing a particular billboard.  • As a front- end developer I have involved in developing the website for out-of-home.  • Involved in various phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) of the application like Requirement gathering, Design, Analysis and Code development.  • Involved in web designing using HTML 5, XHTML, CSS 3, JavaScript and extensively used Table less design in CSS for positioning.  • Experience in working on NOSQL databases such as Mongo DB in API leverage for user proximity lookup.  • Designed Frontend with in object oriented JavaScript Framework like AngularJS.  • Participated in making Responsive Web Designs using Media Queries and Twitter Bootstrap.  • Worked onsite at the client place involved in the Build, Configuration, Deployment and Integration phases.  • Experience in writing custom node.js proxy code for the functionality of simulates API responses before client implementation was complete, and to proxy requests to finished client APIs.  • Developed the user interface for back office support and worked collaboratively in Agile scrum team on the design and development of application based MVC framework using Angular.js, HTML 5.0 and CSS3.  • Application backend implemented as node.js express application server.  • Worked extensively on applications to work properly on Android devices and all the browsers like Mobile safari, Desktop safari on Windows, IE, Firefox, and Chrome.  • Worked with Agile software lifecycle methodologies. Create design documents when and as required. Perform coding, debugging and testing.  • Developed data insertion forms and validated them using JavaScript  • Developed reusable UI components using React.js  • Worked on developing separate react and redux components so it can be reused.  • Successfully executed all the test cases and fixed any bugs/issues identified during the test cycles.  • Used grunt for making the browser reload the page automatically for the code change on the machine during development. It will reload lively as it save lots of time.    Environment: HTML4/5, CSS 2/3, Java Script, jQuery, AJAX, Json, AngularJS, Node.JS Front End Developer Wind Stream Communication - Irving, TX January 2012 to June 2014 Responsibilities:  • Extensively involved in design discussions and user experience sessions to provide inputs on the layout.  • Created a custom, responsive web application to replace line-of-business web applications.  • Created reusable HTML templates and style sheets based on UI standards and guidelines.  • Designed the front- end applications, user interactive (UI) web pages using web technologies like JavaScript, HTML5, and CSS 3.  • Worked on building the responsive web pages using bootstrap.  • Implemented different validation control on the web pages using AngularJS.  • Used Model View Controller (MVC) design pattern to decouple the code and to separate concerns.  • Developed Responsive Web Design pages for various applications compatible for Mobiles, Tablets, and Desktop.  • Made enhancements to existing CSS and DIV tags, made upgrades using Twitter Bootstrap model.  • Closely worked with Business Analysts for requirements analysis and issue resolution with functional specifications for Quote creation, Finalizing Deadlines, Tool Configuration & Reporting.  • Implemented MVC Architecture and developed presentation layer using HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery and AJAX.  • Used CSS based design techniques to eliminate table-based layouts and use of CSS Sprites to speed up page loading and improve the website performance with cross-browser compatibility and SEO.  • Extensively used JQuery plug-in like Auto populating select-box, Search plug-in, calendar plug-in, ajax-queue plug-in, and Auto populating multiple select-boxes.  • Used MVC Frameworks, Media Queries & CSS3 to make web page Fluid and Responsive.  • Give rich UI experience using Ajax capabilities using DWR (for AJAX communication), JQuery and DOJO (for JavaScript event handling), Design, Developed and implemented ASP, HTML/CSS Template for dynamic Content Generation.  • Performed UNIT and integration testing using Jasmine and in writing Test Cases on every new version before sending it for User Acceptance Test (UAT).  • Implementing the Design and developing modules using Agile Methodology. Planning iteration for effective design and development of the Modules  Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, JSON, Adobe Photoshop Front End Developer Wal-Mart - Bentonville, AR September 2010 to December 2011 Responsibilities:  • Gather Requirements from the End clients and create application design documents.  • Closely worked with business analyst to understand the requirements to ensure that right set of UI modules been built.  • Designed the front- end applications, user interactive (UI) web pages using web technologies like HTML5, and CSS3.  • Coded JavaScript and jQuery for page functionality, modal windows and to perform the client side validations.  • Developed quality pages with HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and JQuery.  • Involved in full software development lifecycle. Designing, coding, testing, debugging, and support.  • Developed UI architecture for the internal web application and worked alongside designers to construct wireframes and mockups.  • Extensively used JQuery to implement various GUI components in the application portal.  • Provided pseudo application level code to interact with APIs, web services using AJAX, JSON, and XML.  • Tested cross browser compatibility issues between multiple browsers.  • Utilized JQuery UI Library to create various components for the web application.  • Developed next-gen UI components such as accordions by using CSS3.  • Wrote Object Oriented JavaScript to create modules and extensively debugged with Firebug and other debugging tools.  • Facilitated discussions with Systems Analyst to identify technical requirements.  • Creating cross-browser compatible and standards-compliant CSS3-based page layouts.  • Performed Unit testing both manually and automated using JUNIT  • Worked on cross browser compatibility issues and fix the bugs pertaining to various browsers.  Environment: HTML, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, JQuery UI, AJAX, JSON, and Firebug. Education Associates in Computer Information Systems Arkansas Northeastern College Skills AJAX (8 years), FRONT END (10+ years), jQuery (10+ years), JSON (10+ years), JAVASCRIPT (7 years), Front-End (10+ years), Angular (6 years), UI (9 years), Angularjs (6 years), HTML5, Bootstrap (7 years), React (4 years), User Interface (10+ years), CSS3 (9 years), Angular 6/7 (3 years), Java (5 years), Typescript (5 years) Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS    Web Technologies HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript,Typescript, JQuery, AJAX, JSON, AngularJS, NodeJS, ReactJS Bootstrap, SASS, LESS, and XML  IDEs Web Storm, Eclipse, Visual Studio, Sublime, Notepad++  Database Oracle 1g/11g/12c, DB2 8/9 UDB, MySQL 3.X/4.1/5.0, SQL Server 2000/2005, Mongo DB  Platforms Windows, IOS, Android and UNIX/Linux  Languages Java, JavaScript  Front End Tools Gulp, Bower, Grunt, NPM, Yoeman, webpack, babel, browsify  Application Servers Apache Tomcat, IBM Web Sphere, Oracle Web Logic, JBoss