Software Developer II / UI Developer Software <span class="hl">Developer</span> II / UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front- End Developer / Software Developer (U.S. Citizen) Portland, OR • Front- End / Software Engineer II with over 2 years of experience utilizing JavaScript, HTML, and CSS to develop and design interactive responsive websites with cross-browser and cross-platform capabilities.  • Good understanding of functional programming using the JS framework with React, Redux and AngluarJS.  • Good comprehension of server-side programming and API development ustalizing NodeJS, NPM and ExpressJS  • Familiar with test-driven development and how to use testing tools such as Jest. Enzyme, Karma, Jasmine and linting.  • Experienced with testing and debugging code using various browser developer tools. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Software Developer II / UI Developer CDK Global OBO Tata Consultancy Services Ltd - Portland, OR March 2019 to Present Job search and technical training  • Attended Epicodus to refurbish technical knowledge while searching for new opportunities (full details included at the end of this resume).    CDK Global OBO Tata Consultancy Services Ltd. Portland, Oregon Mar 2019 to Current  Software Developer II / UI Developer  Partnered with UX and API engineers to develop business initiatives into applicable and expandable services, specs and applications.  • Built enterprise software solutions and React applications encompassing: services and service layer, service integration to UI and data, UI components, 3rd party integration and refactoring current applications all utilizing React, ExpressJS, NodeJS, deployment of Docker containers and deployment to AWS.  • Delivered high quality code using agile methodologies including TDD, CI, refactoring and code reviews which included the use of Jest and Enzyme technologies.  • Worked with product owners and other teams to complement and complete the development process.  Results: Successfully integrated and completed business initiatives architecture and workflow Student Epicodus - Portland, OR August 2018 to February 2019 • Studied about the benefit of separation of logic, i.e. business logic versus UI logic.  • Reviewed functional programming through utilizing JavaScript library React with Redux. Refurbished knowledge of version control using Git in terminal and utilizing GitHub.  • Conceptualized a stronger understanding of UI through styling layouts with CSS3/SASS, designing, wire-framing and prototyping sites, built webpages using responsive and mobile designs and using CSS animations.  • Reviewed practical concepts regarding BDD's.  • Learned about development environments and how to set them up using NPM and Webpack.  • Studied about TDD's and how to use testing tools like Karma/Jasmine, linting and Jest.  • Further expanded on the use of API calls which allows website material to be more dynamic and asynchronous.  Results: Successfully strengthened knowledge of website structure, styling, and functionality by utilizing HTML5, CSS, and JavaScript. This also included frameworks such as jQuery and Bootstrap. Front- End Developer Internet Heads - Houston, TX December 2017 to July 2018 Took point on the overall design, configuration, and validation of all front- end and software development building and expanding on UI's, API's, services and solutions.  • Updated webpages with the use of HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery. Implemented ecommerce website initiatives. Evaluated current industry trends.  • Introduced new updates on current API's and services. Introducing a more unified and dynamic environment.  • Integrated AWS services and DynamoDB with current solutions and API's.  Results: Successfully implemented performance enhanced, UI enriched and dynamically robust systems. Front- End Web Developer Freelancer Upwork.com - Houston, TX May 2015 to July 2018 Concurrent part-time remote role  Responsible for the overall design, configuration, and validation of high-quality front- end development.  • Created and or updated webpages using UI focused concepts, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript(ES5/6), jQuery, React / Redux and AngularJS.  • Worked through cross browser compatibility issues with layouts and functionality. Tested and debugged coding using various browser developer tools.  • Utilized Adobe Photoshop and Illustrator for image editing, styling and designing, and icon designing.  Results: Introduced new frameworks to existing webpage like Bootstraps and AngularJS. Senior Procurement Specialist COBRO International, Inc - Bellaire, TX November 2009 to June 2018 Executed domestic and global procurement activities for clients in the oil and gas industries.  • Responsible for sourcing supplies, forecasting inventory requirements, assessing risk and daily operations.  • Maintain strong vendor relationship, achieved cost savings and negotiated contracts.  • Implemented 4th Dimension database.  • Worked regularly with the CEO and CFO to discuss and implement cost savings and improvements.  • Developed and maintained relationships with customers in the Middle East and Far Ease, serving as a primary contact for price negotiations, ship dates and packing requirements.  Results: Brought leadership to the procurement department and motivated staff to achieve maximum performance and efficiency. Identified and quickly resolved logistical complications and supply chain shortages Education Certificate in Front- End Web Developer Epicodus - Portland, OR August 2018 to February 2019 Hastings High School (Texas) August 2002 to May 2006 Skills HTML 5 (4 years), CSS3 (4 years), Typescript (3 years), JSON (4 years), JSX (3 years), Java (1 year), Git (4 years), Redux (1 year), Express.js (1 year), Bootstrap (4 years), Wordpress (2 years), AngularJS (Less than 1 year), React.js (3 years), jQuery (4 years), Node.js (1 year), NPM (3 years), Docker (1 year), AWS (Less than 1 year), Adobe Photoshop (5 years), Adobe Illustrator (5 years), Adobe XD (1 year), Sketch (1 year), BDD (4 years), TDD (4 years), Jest (4 years), Karma (1 year), Jasmine (1 year), Javascript (4 years) Links https://github.com/hassan-a-alkhalifah https://www.linkedin.com/in/hassan-a-alkhalifah