UI/ ANGULAR DEVELOPER UI/ ANGULAR <span class="hl">DEVELOPER</span> UI/ ANGULAR DEVELOPER - IOWA CITY Coralville, IA • Over 5 years of IT experience which includes 2 years of extensive experience as a UI/Angular/Mean Stack Developer, 2 years of experience with Front- End UI /Web Development and 1 year of experience in software development.  • Experience working with AngularJS, Node.JS, Express JS, Mongo DB, HTML, CSS (SASS and LESS), Bootstrap, JQuery, JavaScript, Restful and SOAP Services, GRUNT and GULP, Karma and Jasmine, JIRA, HP QUALITY CENTRE, GitHub  • Expertise in Java core concepts such as OO Design, Multithreading, Generics, Exception Handling, Collections, Java Reflection, Annotations, Collection Framework and Interfaces.  • Expert in developing front- end systems with JavaScript, Bootstrap, HTML5, CSS3, MVC frameworks such as Angular JS and Node JS as a platform for Web applications  • Very strong CSS capabilities such as CSS Background, CSS Positioning, CSS Text, CSS Border, CSS Margin, CSS Padding, CSS Table, Pseudo Classes, Pseudo Elements and CSS Behaviors  • Extensive background in using Angular JS (Custom directives, Factories, Services, routing, Interceptors, Single Page Applications, data binding, third party modules)  • Expertise in Creating Web Applications with Responsive Web Design, through uses of Twitter Bootstrap, JQuery Mobile and CSS3 Media Queries  • Very experienced in building cross browser compatibility applications using Angular.js, Node.js, Require.js, and JQuery UI  • Comprehensive understanding of, NPM Node JS modules (HTTP, FS, Express, Grunt, Gulp) used GRUNT, BOWER for angular application scaffolding, grunt as build server and bower for dependency management and web storm as front- end IDE  • Fluent knowledge of Node JS, Express JS, and Mongo DB to create server side applications  • Good knowledge in using React JS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, Animations and Flux concept  • Knowledge on AWS to integrate picture files to UI and worked for the backend development using Node.js and Mongo DB Work Experience UI/ ANGULAR DEVELOPER IOWA CITY January 2018 to Present Responsibilities:  • Involved in complete SDLC - Requirement Analysis, Development, System and Integration Testing.  • Played a vital role in defining, implementing and enforcing quality practices in the team organization to ensure internal controls, quality and compliance policies and standards.  • Extensively involved in front end screens using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JSON, CSS and Ajax.  • Created sprite-sheets for the icons and helped in increasing the performance of the application using CSS.  • Effectively used Data binding, routing, navigation in the application.  • Created service level implementation MVC architecture for the application.  • Worked on Accessibility standards(WCAG) for a web application.  • Expertise in using inbuilt and custom Angular 5 directives and filters to add functionalities to the web page.  • Worked on Accessibility standards (WCAG) for a web application.  • Experience working on Angular 5 to write module and component files.  • Developed responsive applications using Bootstrap which allowed the same application to be optimized for both mobile and desktop resolutions.  • Developed base Http service on top of AngularJS HTTP service to communicate with backend web services.  • Used AngularJS as a framework to create a Single Page Application (SPA) which can bind data to specific views and synchronize data with server.  • Extensively used Angular.JS to achieve MVC architecture to control the flow of the application and decouple the views from the business logic.  • Analysis and Designing backend software applications using Node.js.  • Developing the services (lambda functions)as per application request using Node script.  • Packaging and deploying the lambda functions into AWS Lambda Console using Server-less framework and AWS-CLI.  • Implemented AngularJS provider injection to handle the request to Web API (Build a factory to return each of the RESTful services).  • Involved in web development consulting focused on the MEAN stack (Angular.js, Node.js, and Mongo DB).  • Developed multiple POCs to create an interface between Backend to Frontend by using Mongo DB, Express JS, Angular JS and Node.js.  • Used React.js to effectively integrate AWS Cognito endpoints into the frontend user interface  • Creating the project blueprint with git and implementing the Server application with Routing algorithms as middleware in Node.js.  • Used Web services (SOAP and RESTful) for transmission of large blocks of XML/JSON.  • Responsible for parsing JSON data to & from the server for presentation & storage purposes in the project.  • Developing Splunk alerts for the user logs and errors.  • Created Unit test cases (karma) for the Angular application using Jasmine to test individual functions/modules.  • Responsible for creating the screens with table-less designs meeting W3C standards.  • Used JIRA bug tracking tool to track and maintain the history of bugs/issues on everyday basis.  Environment: HTML 5, CSS3 3, JavaScript, AngularJS, Node JS, Mongo DB, JSON, AJAX, JIRA, Restful web services, ES6,MYSQL, Jasmine, Karma, GIT, CMS, JSON,TDD, SAAS, LESS, JQuery, JAVA, Bootstrap, XML, SOAP, Bootstrap, Agile UI/ ANGULAR DEVELOPER ARISTA NETWORKS (CA) October 2016 to December 2017 Responsibilities:  • Involved in Requirement analysis, preparing software Design document, development, debugging of Operations Management module in Strategic Billing project.  • Developed the User Interactive web pages in a professional manner by using web technologies like HTML/ HTML5, XHTML, and CSS3 as per company standards.  • Tasked with migrating all existing apps built in Angular 1.5 to version 2.0  • Migrate all Angular 1.5 components to Angular JS 2.0 API over time  • Created Single Page Application with loading multiple views using route services and adding more  • Extensively used CSS LESS/SASS as pre-processors which extend the properties of CSS.  • Excellent experience working as Interaction Designer with online web portals, applications and ecommerce websites  • Developed cross-browser/platform HTML5, CSS 3, and JavaScript to match design specs for complex page layouts while adhering to code standards.  • Used Angular.JS MVC Framework in the development of the web application to bind the data/model that was retrieved from a database through services provided in a controller to the view using scope.  • Extensively worked with extreme programming to improve software quality and responsiveness to changing customer requirements.  • Developed multiple POCs to create a user interface in Angular JS.  • Used AngularJS as framework to create a Single Page Application (SPA) which can bind data to specific views and synchronize data with server using SASS, LESS, Bootstrap, AngularJS.  • Used built in directives for the two-way data bindings and used $scope, $resource  extensively in AngularJS.  • Applied AngularJS client side Validation by using HTML5 attribute and AngularJS Form state and input state.  • Used $http with Angular.JS interceptors to make sure the requests were valid and used ng-router to handle nested views and avoid page redirection.  • Developed multiple screens for Mobile Browsers such as Safari, Chrome, Opera to support the screen Compatibility and Resolution using Bootstrap.  • Using AngularJS, I created custom directives for data manipulations and to display data in company standard format in UI.  • Created Typescript reusable components and services to consume REST API's using Component based architecture provided by Angular JS  • Worked the backend by using node JS, express JS and mongo DB.  • Used Typescript and its features such as static typing, classes and interfaces  • Called the Restful web service calls for POST, PUT, DELETE and GET methods.  • Added user validations and user permissions by using the Node.js.  • Debugged the website using Chrome Developer's tools and hardcoded the API into script for getting the information about merchants using Node JS.  • Designed and implemented the Mongo DB schema.  • Used Web services (SOAP and RESTful) for transmission of large blocks of XML/JSON.  • Involved in implementation of RESTFUL web service APIs using Node.js, which were consumed by making AJAX calls and JSON as data exchanging tool.  • Implemented test cases and performed unit testing using Jasmine and Karma.  • Used JIRA as the bug tracking system to track and maintain the history of bugs/issues on everyday basis.  • Experience on using Gulp implementation.  • Used GIT for source code version control.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, AngularJS (1.5/2.0), Typescript, Node.JS, Express JS, LESS, SASS, JSON, AJAX, Bootstrap, JAVA, Tomcat, MYSQL, MONGO DB, JIRA, GIT, jasmine, Karma, Agile. UI/ANGULAR JS DEVELOPER PayPal (Arizona) January 2016 to August 2016 Responsibilities:  • Attended Daily standup meetings (Scrum), Estimation meetings and Requirement review meetings to analyze requirements for project.  • Interfaced with the Marketing and IT departments and developing requirements to implement the project based on the requirements.  • Participated in Software Development Life-Cycle (SDLC) preparing Requirement Specification documents, design documents, Test cases and Analysis, User Training documents and Technical Help documents.  • Built rich prototypes & applications using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, AJAX, JSON, AngularJS, and Bootstrap.  • Responsible for designing, coding and modifying web applications, from scratch to function and according to the client's requirements.  • Used AngularJS task data from entity HTTP methods to retrieve employee models.  • Handled cross browser/platform compatibility issues (IE, Firefox, and Safari) on both Windows.  • Used AngularJS controllers to update entity models and Tasks database.  • Improved code reusability and created content rich Web Pages using Layouts.  • Developed Task Assignment application by implementing the Single Page application template using Angular JS Route Providers.  • Used Angular JS MVC Architecture to split the UI logic into Views, Models and Collections.  • Responsible for design and development of the web pages from mock- ups.  • Created a custom single-page responsive web application representing an online account setup form using Angular JS.  • Used best coding practices and naming conventions while writing code in AngularJS, CSS and HTML.  • Used Angular JS Http Request to read data from web servers and process JSON data to render in the UI.  • Used Angular JS for creating custom directives to display data in UI.  • Performed Angular JS form validation and validation messages displaying with ng-show and created a custom validation directive for comparing fields.  • Implemented and managed High Availability (Replication) and Load balancing (sharing) cluster of Mongo DB having TB's of databases.  • Involved in implementation of RESTFUL web service APIs using Node.js, which were consumed by making AJAX calls and JSON as data exchanging tool  • Debug the application using Firebug to traverse the documents and manipulated the Nodes using DOM and DOM Functions using Firefox and IE Developer Tool bar  • Interacted with Testing Team, Scrum Masters and Business Analysts for Fixing of Issues.  • Extensively used Git for version controlling and regularly pushed the code to Github.    Environment: HTML 5, CSS3 3, JavaScript, AngularJS, React, redux, Node JS, Mongo DB,JSON,AJAX, JIRA, RESTful web services,ES6, Jasmine, Karma, Git, CMS, JSON,TDD, SAAS, LESS, Jquery, Word Press, JAVA, Express.js, Bootstrap, SOAP. Front End Developer ValueLabs - IN August 2013 to June 2015 Responsibilities:    • Designed the Web application layout and forms using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.  • Worked with business analysts to understand their business models and goals and help define strategy, content, and features.  • Converted PSD mockups into pure hand-written HTML and CSS pages.  • Handled all the client side validations, slide show, hide and show controls, dropdown menus and tab navigation using JQUERY.  • Responsible for transforming design mock-ups to W3C standards compliant HTML pages using HTML, XHTML, CSS.  • Wrote code to fetch data from Web services using JQUERY AJAX via JSON response and updating the HTML pages.  • Participated in day-to-day meeting, status meeting, strong reporting and effective communication with project manager and developers.  • Participated with SQA team in bug thrashing sessions to discuss and resolve bugs that were reported in JIRA  • Used JavaScript libraries to create slider and page-turning animations on calendar widgets.  • Designed web pages and used applications that meet business and user goals through a positive user experience.  • Responsible for creating the screens with table less design following W3C standards.    Environment: HTML, XHTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQUERY, AJAX, XML, JSON, SVN, .net and Eclipse Education Master's Degree North Western Polytechnic University Masters in computer Science in computer Science Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University Skills C++, Git, Html, Javascript, Bootstrap, Typescript, Json, Ajax, Web services, Html5, Restful web services, Sass, Jira, Junit, Rally, Unit testing, Eclipse, J2ee, Java, jquery, Front End, UI, React, Front-End, Angular Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS    • Web Technologies: HTML/HTML5, CSS2/3, JavaScript, AJAX, JQuery, JSON, Angular 5, Angular JS(1.6,2.0),Typescript, Bootstrap, JSON, Node JS, Express js, LESS, SASS, RESTFUL Web Services.  • Testing tools: Jasmine, Karma, Unit testing, Junit, TDD.  • Programming Languages: C, C++, Java (core), Java J2EE.  • Operating System: Linux, Windows, Mac OS  • Databases: SQL Server, MYSQL, Mongo DB, HeidiSQL , Robomongo  • IDE: Eclipse IDE, Notepad++, Sublime, Intellij  • Office Technology: Microsoft Excel, Word, text editor  • Browser: IE6, 7 & 8, Firefox, Chrome, Safari  • Others: Jira, Git, Bitbucket, Rally