Web Developer Manager Web <span class="hl">Developer</span> Manager Developer Chesterland, OH Development is really just problem solving and thats what I do. You can throw any language at me and I will learn it because I think and work like a developer. I have proven my problem solving skills in the legal world and look forward to continuing to use them in the development world. I come with a strong recommendation from one of top data analytics firms in the world. There I worked with the Chief Technology Officer and Chief Analytics Officer to develop a SPA to meet their needs. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Web Developer Manager Goldstein Group Communications - Solon, OH June 2019 to Present ·    Plan, bid, break into tasks, test and deploy all Magento projects handled by the firm.  ·    Lead the team producing custom extensions using the full stack, PHP/ZEND, MySQL, XML, HTML, CSS, JavaScript and jQuery to produce the desired results whether it be a unique landing page for customer groups that login or custom category pages that let the user build the product or other modifications.  ·    Implemented the Bootstrap framework to streamline the frontend development process, while using PSDs to create pixel perfect responsive representations.  ·    Design and secure restful APIs in PHP and MySQL to call JSON and various data to build a web application, that will eventually be made into an app for mobile devices that uses Magento and WordPress as the CMS.  ·    Develop connectors for ERPs and CRMs to integrate data with Magento using things like Cron jobs and APIs.   ·    Deploy, maintain and secure LAMP servers for development and production from installing the OS, Apache, MySQL, and PHP to advanced caching for production time.  ·    Manage workflow with the database always getting pulled from the server and code always being pushed up from local to staging then tested and finally production.  ·    Work with local and overseas teams to complete projects on time, in budget, and up the highest standards by maintaining a GIT and using various forms of communication to develop a relationship with the colleagues.  ·    Meet with clients and help them decide and deploy the best possible CMS for their needs. FRONT END DEVELOPER DF SUPPLY INC. - Streetsboro, OH October 2018 to Present ·    Work with the team, to get input and give constructive criticism to make the best possible product.  ·    Design, test, deploy, maintain a theme, and my custom modules for around fifty Magento sites.  ·    Maintain many more websites, some built on very outdated technology and some using other CMSs.  ·    Use an understanding of PHP and MySQL to not only be able to locate the information that is needed to be displayed on the page for user but also embed things like Rich Snippets for SEO.  ·    Design Modules so that the average user can use them to create and add dynamic content.  ·    Deploy, and consume internal and external APIs returning different formats to display what the end user needs whether it be a report for management or consumer from product information.  ·    Prioritize tasks as they come through to deal with everything from how to display the correct information to how to make sure our sites are up and accessible. RESEARCHER/ANALYST JEC LLC - Washington, DC 2013 to Present • Provide in-depth research and reports on the development of multiple projects.  • Conduct market and industry research for products by using the best available tools.  • Efficiently interpret regulations from US agencies to help clients understand possible impact.  • Review and evaluate political, regulatory and legal environments to help guide clients.  • Present most relevant facts of current lawsuits to clients.  • Focus on product liability cases and employment cases.  • Use gathered information on their proceedings as well as their competitors to recognize trends.  • Prepare and organize status reports that summarize current issues and what possible issues might arise. WEB DEVELOPER INTERNSHIP DATAWALK - Palo Alto, CA January 2018 to June 2018 • Worked one on one with the CTO to develop the application to meet their needs using Angular, Material Design, TypeScript, SCSS, and interacting with RESTful APIs.  • Developing a single page site from secure login to full interaction with RESTful APIs.  • Read and understand technical documents to be independently creating custom code.  • Coded from a rendering of the website to create and properly display site across devices.  • Using a deep understanding of OOP to learn to code with TypeScript and Angular.   • Learned and applied material design concepts.  • Created scalable, durable, and secure code to complete a fully functional version 1.  • Managed all the work thru GIT. CASE COORDINATOR LITIGATION MANAGEMENT INC - Mayfield Heights, OH 2011 to 2013 • Reviewed and analyzed legal documents to extract and verify relevant information.  • Focused on large multi-district product liability litigation  • Audited cases to verify the work meets the client's needs.  • Contributed in the development of new procedures to streamline the process.  • Established rules for discovery in litigations based off the case management order.  • Exercised discretion in dealing with confidential and extremely sensitive issues. Education WEB PROGRAMMING AND DEVELOPMENT Cuyahoga Community College - Cleveland, OH 2017 PARALEGAL George Mason University - Arlington, VA 2008 Skills Javascript / TypeScript, HTML/ HTML 5, CSS/ CSS3/ SCSS, SQL/ MySQL/ Microsoft SQL, Angular, Git, APIs Rest and Soap, JSON, iOS/ Android, PHP, Jquery, Bootstrap, NPM, XML, Magento, Wordpress and other CMSs, LAMP Stack, Mac OS X/ Linux/ WIndows, Webpack, Gulp, Javascript/Typescript, HTML5, Javascript, Wordpress Additional Information Skilled in performing intricate problem solving and using. this to succeed in creating scalable, durable, and secure production grade code.    Analytical, detail-oriented and goal-oriented professional, willing to take on any task and succeed.    Versatile with, organizational and multitasking abilities, combined with excellent written and verbal communication skills.    Highly adept at conveying ideas and finding solutions to the most complex situations.    Exemplify strong interpersonal and rapport-building skills, with aptitude to effectively communicate with other team members, executives and clients.    Creative with an exceptional eye for design while focusing on user experience and keeping with content.    Technology savvy with a high proficiency Object Oriented Programing, many operating systems, Microsoft Visual Studio, Atom, Eclipse and Office Suite.