Front- end Developer <span class="hl">Front</span>-<span class="hl">end</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front- end Developer - Dick's Sporting Goods Etna, PA Work Experience Front- end Developer Dick's Sporting Goods February 2019 to Present Built web application using Angular 5. I was actively involved in developing new features for both Golf Galaxy and DSG. I was also involved in discussion with the clients as well. Full Stack Developer Highmark - Pittsburgh, PA November 2017 to 2019 Built web applications, using Adobe Experience Manager (AEM), Angular JS and Spring Framework. Followed Agile for the development process. Mainly focused on Customer Facing Website with other different technologies like JS, JQuery, Apache Wink and DOJO. Created required diagrams for the clarity on User Stories.    Projects:  • Business2Business:- This website was designed and developed by us for the customers to give more detail about the health plan. This website was developed on AEM. It is Content Management Tool backed by Java. I was responsible for developing components so that Author and change and manipulate the content on the fly and shouldn't depend on developers.  • Member Portal:- This is directly interacting with the Customer/Member who has insurance of Highmark Partner. I worked on both North Dakota (ND) and Wyoming (Wyoming) member portal. It includes from Registration to each and every portal. Angular, regular JavaScript and Bootstrap was used. I was responsible for designing the webpages.  • Broad Vision Decommission: In this project, I am actively involved in rewriting code that was in JSP to AngularJS. Writing everything from scratch in the existing code base has been quite a struggle to understand the flow. This has been challenging project as it has a very tight deadline with lot of ground to cover. This interface is only for the employee of the Highmark so it is highly safe and secure. Bootstrap and AngularJS are few technologies that are used in this project. Java Developer ITN - Kathmandu, NP 2013 to 2016 Built web applications, primarily leveraging SDLC principles to coordinate Agile-based development throughout all stages of requirements management, concept development, prototyping, programming, testing, debugging, and implementation. Designed RESTful APIs for front- end report requests. Leveraged design patterns to improve code and outcomes; additionally gained deep insight into AngularJS, Spring, JavaFX, Spring MVC, and Hibernate to implement customer requirements and new features. Created sequence and UML diagrams. Designed core modules and functionalities. Improved page functionality and user friendliness via AJAX, jQuery, and Bootstrap.    Projects:  • Online Exam: An online exam management system presenting multiple choice questions as part of the university and academic screening process. Features question randomization, teacher and student modules, a question database, and grading information.  • Online Shop: A web-based shopping portal for Nepali apparel, electronics, and home décor. Features admin and user roles, dynamic categories, and shopping cart / purchase features. Integrates Visa, MasterCard, and PayPal payments.  • Event Manager: An online management system for creating and tracking event operations. Built using Spring Framework and Hibernate ORM mapping, with the ability to recording both users and events.  • Lost and Found: A web-based management system for tracking inventory of lost, found, and returned items for one of the most renowned 4-star hotels in Dwarika Built the online framework, with MySQL for data handling and storage.  • Food Delivery System: An online ordering system allowing users to select and purchase food for delivery from various locations, with integrated Google Maps API.    Technologies: Java Spring MVC, JSP, jQuery, AngularJS, Hibernate, MySQL, Linux, Tomcat, GitHub, StarUML, RESTful Web Services, Eclipse. Education Master of Science in Computer Science in Web Application Architecture Maharishi University of Management - Fairfield, IA June 2019 Bachelor in Information Management in Information Management KIST College of Management, Tribhuvan University - Kathmandu, NP Skills Eclipse, Java, Hibernate, Intellij idea, Spring, Front End, Javascript, React, UI, Front-End Links http://linkedin.com/in/ranjan-sapkota