Freelance - Front End Developer and SEO, PPC Freelance - <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> and SEO, PPC Las Vegas, NV Courteous and enthusiastic I am seeking to advance my career in both Graphic Design and Front- End Web Development + Apps. I have 10+ years of experience in Multimedia Design, and Front- End Development for a broad-range of Companies & Clients. Highly Driven and Results-Oriented specialist with 6 years career experience in SEO and PPC, SEM and e-business optimization. Adept in original content development, search friendly solutions, and keyword research and optimization.  As this area complements my studies, I am keen to gain more experience in the field. For this reason, I am looking for a company willing to offer me a placement among their developers. In return, I would offer my full commitment, and be a pleasant and friendly addition to your team.    -------------------------------------------------  Advanced: HTML, CSS,( HTML5, CSS3). Bootstrap, XML, AMP, Wordpress, WooCommerce, Shopify, Photography, UI, SEO, SEM, PPC - AdWords / ( Facebook advertising), Print Design, Social Media Marketing, Email Marketing,    Software: Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign, Dreamweaver, Lightroom, MS Office, Windows, CINEMA 4D, After Effects,    Intermediate: jQuery, and Javascript, jQuery Mobile, AJAX, PHP, MySQL, Android App Development, IOS App Development, Windows Mobile App Development,   ---------------------------------------------------------    Qualifications  - 10+ years experience in multimedia design and web development.  -Fundamental understanding of responsive UI/UX, specially calibrated for direct response marketing landing pages and sites with excellent conversion rates (and Mobile Apps)  - Good understanding of the software development life cycle.  - Graphic design, Front- End, Back- End, Web Development skills - Building responsive and mobile friendly websites.  - Experience in Digital Photography, Videos, and Graphics.  - Wordpress - Deep understanding of Wordpress development, including customizing custom templates, plugin development, site optimization, and more.  - Outstanding Proficiency in Search Engine Optimization Techniques.  - Fluent in English, Russian, Romanian, Ukrainian.  - Defining editorial standards for maximizing search success on all content including the website, blog, social media platforms, and other communication channels.  - 12 Months of Management Experience.  - Self-Motivated and Detail-Oriented.  - Ability to see tasks through to completion without significant guidance.  - Exceptional Creative and Analytical Thinking Abilities.  - E-Marketing and Social Media.  - Develop, implement and maintain effective SEO and SEM strategies that drive traffic and increase conversion.  - Researching, reporting, and addressing changes in search engine algorithms.  - Develop and execute Regional & Local marketing strategies.    ----------------------------------------------    Several sites reflecting my work:  https://www.karmaandluck.com/  http://sezon.com.ua/  http://ukr-reklama.com.ua/  https://www.proximainform.net/  https://skincrow.com/    Portfolio  https://drive.google.com/open?id=19lWYTMl_PhUIaZbdTusWH-OLvLSWzp7U    References available upon request. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Freelance - Front End Developer and SEO, PPC flyuia.com, cartdiva.com, Skincrow.com And More December 2018 to Present - Graphic Design and Front And Back End Web Development.  - Developed Dynamic And Interactive Websites That Ensure High Traffic, Page Views, Good Conversions, And User Experience, Resulting In 30% - 400% Increase In Sales Revenue.  - Designing And Developing UI/UX Mobile Apps For Android.  - Designed New Or Sustaining Applications, Writes Code, Completes Programming, Develops And Executes Testing And Debugging Routines, And Documenting Work And Results.  - Designed And Developed User-friendly Websites, Including Responsive Websites, Landing Pages Design And Coding, Templates For Email Marketing and more.  - Concept and designed logos, websites, info-graphics, social media campaigns, And Google Adwords, Bing Ads, Facebook Ads, Advertising Campaigns.  - Fixed bugs from existing websites and implemented enhancements that significantly improved web functionality and speed. Front End Developer Karma And Luck - Las Vegas, NV September 2017 to December 2018 - Front end development: i.e. Liquid, Javascript, CSS3, HTML5, jQuery, PHP, (and other similar frameworks).  - Development and maintenance of Shopify themes, Shopify API, Shopify App Development.  - Oversee SEO strategy for web properties including keyword research, on-site technical audits, link building, and analytics, PPC, Facebook advertising.  - Manage front and back end of web and other online properties + E-commerce.  - Continuous development and maintenance of websites.  - Oversee ecommerce software and web security.  - Troubleshoot website and other technical issues.  - Hire and manage outside contractors as needed.  - Utilize data and analytics to provide continuous web presence improvements.  - Make recommendations for future needs and software integration.  - Photography. Freelance - Front End Developer flyuia.com / citrus.ua / carusto.com / sezon.com.ua / proximainform.net And More December 2014 to September 2017 - Graphic Design and Front And Back End Web Development - Css, Html, Php, Mysql, Javascript   - Developed Artwork And Layout For Print And Digital Signage, Banners, Posters, Publications And Flyers.  - Concepted and designed logos, websites, info-graphics, social media campaigns, and online advertisements and banners to support client marketing objectives   - Designed And Developed User-friendly Website, Including Responsive Websites And Mobile, Landing Pages Design And Coding, Templates For Email Marketing  - Fixed bugs from existing websites and implemented enhancements that significantly improved web functionality and speed  - Work with online marketing and marketing team to make sure the website functions properly for SEO and SEM as well as the proper display of data. Web Marketing Manager, SEO , Front End developer - Web Designer Agrolait - Odessa January 2014 to December 2014 - Plan and execute all web, SEO/SEM, marketing database, email, social media and display advertising campaigns.  - SEO and SEM strategies that drive traffic and increase conversion.  - E-Marketing and Social Media.  - Digital photography, videos and graphics.  - Product Strategy.  - Strategic Marketing.  - PHP & MySQL.  - Expert in Responsive Web Design, CSS, HTML, Javascript.  - Substantial Product and UX/UI experience. Front- End Developer, UI / UX, Design, Coding PROXIMA?????? - Odessa February 2011 to December 2014 - Android app development  - Graphic design, front and back end web development.  - E-Marketing and Social Media  - Web Design CSS, HTML, PHP, MySQL  - Designing : advertisements, posters/flyers, promotional materials, email, photography, catalogs, brochures, business cards, banners etc.  - Write and maintain custom plugins and themes  - Work with project managers and teams to deliver with quality, simplify projects and adhere to timelines.  - Work with online marketing and marketing science team to make sure the website functions properly for SEO and SEM as well as the proper display of data. Front- end Developer TeleTrade - Odessa December 2009 to May 2011 - Designed various advertising, print and web design projects for the company.  - Develop, implement and maintain effective SEO and SEM strategies that drive traffic and increase conversion  - Defining editorial standards for maximizing search success on all content including the website, blog, social media platforms, and other communication channels.  - Researching, reporting, and addressing changes in search engine algorithms.  - Create landing page mockups and code using HTML, CSS, PHP & JS and Responsive web design. Education Associate Skills Web Development (10+ years), Search Engine Optimization (7 years), Shopify Development (2 years), Javascript (7 years), Android App Development (4 years), Photography (6 years), Javascript (10+ years), CSS3 (10+ years), HTML 5 (10+ years), Email Marketing (5 years), Wordpress (10+ years), Bootstrap (5 years), SEO (7 years), PPC (6 years), Adobe XD (9 years), PHP/MySQL (10+ years), XML (5 years), AMP (2 years), Social Media Marketing (3 years), CINEMA 4D (7 years), IOS App Development (Less than 1 year), Front-end Developer (10+ years), Jquery (7 years), HTML5 (7 years), User Interface (5 years), Angularjs (Less than 1 year), UI/UX (4 years), PHP, MySQL, UI, WooCommerce (8 years)