Front- End Developer <span class="hl">Front</span>-<span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front- End Developer - Kenzan Media LLC Boston, MA I am a mid-senior level developer with a solid foundation in testing who is looking to continue growth at an innovative company. I have consistently exceeded the stated goals and deadlines. I work well on individual projects and as a member of cross-functional development teams. I am capable of working on projects of any size from small tasks to enterprise-level sites. I am very organized with exceptional multitasking and technical documentation skills.    I have experience working in conjunction with project managers, designers, and fellow developers on applications from conception through launch and beyond. I have actively participated in development teams of various sizes to ensure timely completion of tasks and projects. I employ analytical skills to review system needs, gather requirements, plan scopes of work and ensure sites meet business objectives. Thoroughly document and debug code to provide maximum availability and extensibility. Work Experience Front- End Developer Kenzan Media LLC 2015 to Present • Worked as part of a multi-disciplinary team to help develop small to large scale enterprise applications.  • Used front end JavaScript frameworks to create custom reusable UI components on small to large scale applications.  • Created automated tests using up to date test-automation frameworks  • CI/CD environment and pace Web Developer Brafton, Inc 2014 to 2015 • Created Blog sites for clients that mimicked stylings of main site.  • The blog sites hosted content created by Brafton.  •Provided adequate support during content delivery process.  • Sole developer to a wide client base who purchased content (Video, Publications, etc...) from Brafton Inc.  • Provided support in regards to internal products and general web site update & maintenance. IT Support Commonwealth of Mass - Boston, MA 2013 to 2014 • IT support for State users of the Project Management Accounting System known as PMAS.  • Used SQL as part of Crystal Reports to create effective and dynamic reports that business users would utilize. HRIS Analyst PTC - Needham, MA 2012 to 2013 • Using Visual Basic and SQL to construct database with updated market figures for new hire pay  • Experience with Brio and Hyperion to create various query reports of employee data Web Developer Boston College - Chestnut Hill, MA 2010 to 2012 • Used HTML, CSS and JavaScript to develop, debug and maintain websites on campus  • Kept in frequent communication with Site managers from the different departments on estimated completion Eagle Tech Support Technician Boston College - Chestnut Hill, MA 2009 to 2010 Education Startup Institute Boston 2013 Bachelor of Arts in Computer Science in Computer Science Boston College - Chestnut Hill, MA 2013 Skills Front End, Javascript, UI, React, Front-End, Agile (4 years), Java, HTML, CSS, JQuery, Angularjs, Node, Bootstrap, Jest, Mocha, Selenium, Python, Git, bash, GitHub, BitBucket, SSH, API, CI/CD, PHP, Command Line Interface, package managers, MongoDB, Docker, Jenkins, Redux, Babel