Software Engineer II Software Engineer II Software Engineer II - Mitchell International Imperial Beach, CA Work Experience Software Engineer II Mitchell International - San Diego, CA April 2018 to Present • Created front- end pages, containers, routes, entities and reusable components through an Angular 5 application based on business and UI/UX specifications.  • Led migration to Angular 7 of an application hosted in Salesforce.  • Created services and console apps to manage large volumes of data in a .Net core environment, through the use of multiple algorithms, interfaces and object-oriented principles as well as repository patterns.  • Created multiple CRUD end points in .Net that feed the front end of the application.  • Maintained a SQL Database through DACPAC, contributing to the creation of views, tables and store procs.  • Maintained documentation, wireframes and discussions in confluence.  • Created to scripts that communicated with Netsuite to create invoices via a Boomi integration that wired it to Salesforce as well as our product database. Software Developer/ Front- End Developer Edmin, Inc - San Diego, CA January 2016 to July 2018 • Updated and maintained the front end of the application to match the mockups and requirements.  • Created a widget-based application by using Angular, bootstrap, media query responsiveness.  • Collaborated in the design of new features as well as the implementation of them once they were approved.  • Created new tables and store procedures for the existing information as well as normalized items in the PostgreSQL database for easily consumption of the APIs.  • Created the necessary functions to save/get data in the .Net APIs as well as maintained the end points.  • Developed and updated the front end that handles first and third party APIs through the use of custom controllers and services necessary to manage the JSON objects.  • Participated in the estimation and calculations of the new features to be broken down in sprint basis. Automation Engineer/Project Manager/ Developer Advntur - San Diego, CA May 2015 to December 2015 • Responsible for simplifying projects into smaller tasks in order to successfully implement new features.  • Assigned story points to the tasks and PBIs on the sprint based on estimations and burn down rates.  • Maintained backlog up to date based on the releases and completed tasks.  • Responsible for testing, validating and reporting bugs through the different stages of the developing cycle.  • Created and updated new or old pages based on designs and requirements.  • Organized, designed and constructed test methods, classes and projects for both WebDriver and Integration tests. Software Automation Intern American Specialty Health - San Diego, CA July 2013 to October 2014 • Responsible for developing and maintaining test automation scripts for web and mobile applications.  • Responsible for writing, debugging and updating test cases and testing methods through the sprint.  • Updated test methods and practices for each deployment as required.  • Work closely with other teams to achieve a final product through the different stages in the AGILE developing environment. Education San Diego State University - San Diego, CA March 2011 to September 2015