Front End Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End Developer - Wells Fargo Fremont, CA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Front End Developer Wells Fargo October 2018 to Present Working on Chatbot application panel using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, React, Redux with an eye towards simplicity, reliability, performance, scalability, and extensibility.  ?      Working on Chatbot application panel using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, React, Redux with an eye towards simplicity, reliability, performance, scalability, and extensibility.   ?      Made custom node modules in React and used them across different applications.  ?      Made sure that the React application have high performance using the in-depth knowledge of React lifecycle methods.  ?      Created asynchronous Redux actions using redux thunk middleware to retrieve data from backend (APIs).   ?      Developed and worked with reusable components with customizable styling in React by following DRY principle.  ?      Documented request and response JSON objects for proper implementation of APIs according to application requirements.  ?      Implemented Ag-grid for the server-side processing and displaying large amounts of data on frontend.  ?      Worked with React UI component libraries like Reactstrap, Formik, React-datetime, and Yup.   ?      Responsible for development of highly-responsive user interfaces using media queries, flexbox, and SCSS.  ?      Optimized components for maximum performance across web-capable devices and browsers.  ?      Followed Agile software development using tools like JIRA and participated in scrum status meetings every week.   ?      Used Git as a version control tool using GitHub as a platform. React.js Developer Integra Technologies February 2018 to September 2018 Designed and developed web application using React, Redux, JavaScript, HTML5, and CSS3.  ? Used Redux-Promise middleware with Axios library to retrieve data from backend.  ? Collaborated with designers to create paper prototypes and wireframes for the design of the web application.  ? Used React Router to enable navigation from one view to the next to perform application tasks.  ? Used Nesting, Variable and Mixing features of SASS Preprocessor along with following BEM methodology.  ? Used media queries for mobiles tablets and desktop layouts.  ? Applied page optimization techniques like lazy loading, image optimization and HTTP requests reduction using CSS Sprites.  ? Prepared and developed test cases for unit testing using Jest and Enzyme.  ? Worked in the Agile/Scrum development environment with frequently changing requirements and actively participated in scrum.  ? Used Git as a version control tool. JavaScript Web Developer Oditi Global Solutions Pvt. Limited July 2013 to August 2015 Responsible for development of web-pages using Vanilla JavaScript, jQuery, CSS3 and HTML.  ? Performed maintenance updates and added new features on existing sites.  ? Collaborated with senior web developers to manage large and complex projects.  ? Communicated with clients to discuss requirements and design needs.  ? Built SEO friendly web-apps using best practices for search engine optimization. Self-Employed Self-Employed 2010 to 2013 Designation: SEO Business using WordPress CMS.  ? Attained top position on competitive niche and drove $400K+ in revenues from organic traffic.  ? Built high quality backlinks from the trusted and niche related websites.  ? Performed day-to-day experimentation for better content placement, user experience, content and bounce rate.  ? Utilized knowledge of keyword research tools, website analysis tools, and webmaster tools to create high quality content Education MS in Computer Science California State University 2015 to 2017 Skills Javascript (3 years), React (2 years), Redix (2 years), CSS3 (3 years), SASS (2 years), SCSS (2 years), HTML 5 (3 years), SEO (3 years), UI, Front End, Front-End Links http://linkedin.com/in/harbir-singh