UI Developer UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> UI Frontend Developer New York, NY • 8 years of IT experience in web application development and five years of primary focus in design, development and maintenance of business web applications using technologies as EXTJS 6.x/5.x/4.x/3.x, JQUERY, AngularJS, NodeJS, React, AJAX, DHTMLX, CSS, JSP, HTML  • Specialize in front- end web development and produce clean, efficient, cross-browser and standards-compliant code  • Expert in JavaScript coding and have extensive experience building efficient and functional AJAX interfaces and widgets using EXTJS 6.x 5.x/4.x/3.x/JQUERY/AngularJS/ReactJS  • 3+ years of extensive experience in development and deployment of J2EE components for building n-tier distributed enterprise applications  • Experience of working in all areas of project development starting from gathering requirements to project deployment and post production support  • Hands on Experience on using Struts, MVC Framework for large scale Java/J2EE based enterprise Applications.  • Have worked on Java platform with core JAVA, JDK 1.4, 1.5, 1.6,1.7  • Experience working on API like confluence, Jira, Google site and Google drive  • Substantial knowledge about Django, Python, Nodejs, Backbone, Apache Tomcat web Server, Jboss server, nginx etc.  • Developed Angular JS Directives to extend the grammar of the web through reusable HTML elements, attributes, and classes.  • Used Bootstrap Grid System and CSS3 Media Queries to develop single responsive application with good user experience in all platforms like desktop's tablet's and mobile phone's.  • Worked in various version control systems -SVN & GIT.  • Expertise in developing, Testing, Debugging, Integrating and Deploying Enterprise applications using Integrated Development Environments (IDE) IntelliJ IDEA, Eclipse and Visual studio.  • Experience in making attractive Single Page applications.  • Worked in various IDE's like Dreamweaver, Eclipse, Microsoft Visual Studio, Notepad++, Sublime Text.  • Excellent working knowledge and thorough exposure on compatibility issues with different versions of browsers like Internet Explorer, Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, and Safari.  • Working Knowledge on JavaScript library JSON. Good understanding of Document Object Model and DOM functions. Extensive experience in developing web page quickly and effectively using jQuery, HTML5, CSS3, XML, Responsive Web Design and Bootstrap.  • Experience in working with RESTful web services and implementing RESTful API's.  • Experience in using various jQuery UI controls and corresponding Event Handlers.  • Highly motivated self-starter with Excellent Communication, Presentation and Problem-Solving Skills and committed to learning new technologies  • Ability to work under pressure and manage (Multiple) project tasks with changing priorities and tight deadlines and can work either independently or as a part of a team. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience UI Developer JP Morgan Chase & Co July 2016 to Present July'16-Till Date  Software Engineering  The Integrated credit risk desktop brings together all the credit risk data and credit risk function in to a single, east to use tool presented in intuitive way, making data readily available for decision makers at level of organization.  Responsibilities:  • Involved in analysis of requirements, design, development, unit and integration testing phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC).  • Developed front end with ExtJS, Angular JS, jQuery, React JS, HTML5, and CSS used to create Responsive Web Pages.  • Used advanced level of HTML5, JavaScript, CSS3 (SASS) and pure CSS layouts (table less layout).  • Participated in making Responsive Web Designs using Media Queries and Twitter Bootstrap.  • Implemented various screens for the front end using React.js and used various predefined components from NPM (Node Package Manager) and Redux library.  • Used React-Router to turn application into Single Page Application.  • Involved in using React JS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, Animations and Flux concept.  • Involved in building stable React components and stand-alone functions to be added to any future pages.  • Moved existing AngularJS controllers and services to Angular 2 components for more responsive and less dependency.  • Extensively involved in developing Restful Api's using Spring Boot framework and REST annotations.  • Followed Scrum methodology supporting functional and business requirements in analysis and documentation of the application.  • Worked with AJAX data consisting of JSON responses, parsing the same and presenting on the UI layer.  • Used Jasmine to write UI test cases and worked on selenium plugin in Firefox for UI automation. Senior Developer Opencrowd Inc October 2013 to June 2016 Dragonglass product is an enterprise search platform that provides developers all the capabilities they need to quickly get to structured and unstructured content. Please visit http://dragonglass.me/ for more details.  Responsibilities:  • Designed and developed entire front end/ presentation layer using the ExtJS, jQuery, HTML technologies and bootstrap framework.  • Developed complete styling of the application by overriding the ExtJS, CSS class and bootstrap class.  • Involved in developing the frameworks based on the spring MVC Architecture and dependency injection.  • Used high charts, D3 charts, word cloud to design dynamic JavaScript charts.  • UI automation by writing Selenium scripts and Jasmine test cases.  • Responsible for designing deploying and maintaining and expanding our AWS infrastructure, and providing mentorship to others on my team.  • Develop and integrated external API like Google sites, Google drive, confluence, Jira and jive.  • Responsible for design the wireframes, flows and prototypes of the process.  • Actively participated and provided feedback in a constructive and insightful manner during daily Stand up meetings and weekly Iterative review meetings to track the progress for each iterative cycle and figure out the issues.    OpenPayments site was created to demonstrate DragonGlass's capabilities to rapidly build search enabled applications. This demo application uses payments to physicians and hospitals gathered by the healthcare manufacturers and group purchasing organizations as required by the Social Security Act. The data is reported to the CMS who makes the data publicly available. The live site is available at http://openpayments.dragonglass.me/  Responsibilities:  • Designed and developed entire front end using Angular JS with Dragonglass product as backend.  • Used AngularJS as framework to create a Single Page Application (SPA) which can bind data to specific views.  • Designed User Interfaces using Angular JS, XML, HTML, CSS and JavaScript.  • Coded AngularJS controllers and directives for application functionality.  • Used AngularJS framework to bind HTML (views) to JavaScript objects (models).  • Developed the web application using MS SQL SERVER, HTML and JavaScript.  • Leveraged Two-way data binding through $scope in applications built on AngularJS.  • Designed and worked on styling the application for different devices like desktop, mobile etc.  • Involved in the complete development, testing and maintenance process of the application.  • Responsible for deploying and maintaining the application on AWS infrastructure Senior Developer Opencrowd Inc - New York, NY June 2012 to October 2013 Call Processing Application is a work platform able to load exposure & collateral positions, reference any required market or reference data and calculate margin call information based on the specific requirements of client legal documents.  Responsibilities:  • Reviewed design document gathered information from Architect and Business Analysts to design functional specifications for the UI Interface project and integration of UI components with EXTJS 4.1.  • Designed and developed presentation layers using ExtJS, jQuery, CSS, HTML, DHTML and Java Script.  • Configured spring configuration with all the mappings required by the architecture.  • Used Spring Dependency Injection for middle layer development  • Worked with Spring MVC Framework and implemented IOC design pattern to have relationships between application components.  • Implemented Spring Security framework for authentication and authorization.  • Created custom proprietary JQuery plugins to automate tedious boilerplate code.  • Maintaining coding standards to achieve efficiency in maintenance and portability.  • Testing and Debugging on all browser-using tools such as developer Tool bar and Firebug.  • Used Core Java Collections, Exception Handling, multithreading and generics.  • Used Selenium automation (TestNG) to different type of browsers to perform Cross Browser Testing.  • Worked on making internal webpages accessible from different browsers. Added extra CSS for non-compliant browsers.  • Researching & prototyping new technologies (HTML5, CSS3) and providing recommendations for application improvement as it pertains to the user interface.  • Ability to work with cross functional teams to translate business requirements into innovative and engaging user experience interactions and Web-based tools for use globally.  • Skilled in translating conceptual wireframes and designs into HTML/ CSS across all major modern browsers.  • Wireframe and mockup new site pages and functionality changes. Front End Developer Infinera - Sunnyvale, CA February 2012 to May 2012 • Responsible for overall design and analysis of EXTJS UI Component development and integration with backend J2EE.  • Designing and developed web pages for HTML files that supports AJAX component, Rich design time UI to use AJAX libraries.  • Tested the entire application to verify different browser compatibility. Senior Java/Flex Developer Hewlett Packard - Palo Alto, CA September 2011 to January 2012 • Designed and developed a web-based client using J2EE, JSP, Java Script, HTML and XML using Spring MVC Framework.  • Involved in Agile methodology break tasks into small increments with minimal planning, do not directly involve long-term planning and daily stand-ups, updating tasks.  • Utilized gulp, NPM, Grunt, jQuery, and LESS for build process and JavaScript architecture.  • Used reach native to make it flexible in mobile applications.  • Used JIRA tool to delegate development tasks and followed a Full-scale bug life cycle to resolve bugs on a regular basis.  • Involved in the complete development, testing and maintenance process of the application. Senior Java/Flex Developer State of Louisiana - Baton Rouge, LA December 2010 to August 2011 • Responsible for analysis, design, development and integration of UI components using java script, jQuery with backend using J2EE technologies.  • Used XML parsing techniques for data handling and JavaScript front- end pages. Education Master's in computer science in computer science Silicon Valley University 2010 Bachelor's in computer science in computer science JNTU 2008 Master's in Information Systems in Information Systems Pace University Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:    Operating Systems: Windows, Ubuntu, Mac  Languages: Java, Java Script, SQL  Database: Oracle 9i/10g, DB2, PL SQL Server, MS Access  Technologies:  JavaScript, ExtJS 6.x,5.x,4.x,3.x, HTML, jQuery, AngularJS, ReactJS, node.js, Backbone,  DHTML, CSS, Django, JSON, Ajax, High Charts, High Maps.  Docker.    Application Servers: WebLogic, Tomcat, Jboss, nginx, AWS.  Frameworks: Spring, Struts, Bootstrap  IDEs: My Eclipse, Eclipse, Sublime, IntelliJ, visual code etc.  Tools & Utilities Adobe creative suite, balsamic, Git, svn, Sencha sdk, grunt, bower, YUI compressor, Jasmine and Selenium.