PHP / Front End UI/UX Developer PHP / <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> UI/UX <span class="hl">Developer</span> PHP / Front End UI/UX Developer - Alliance Bankcard Services Philadelphia, PA • Over 6+ (Six) years of experience as PHP Developer and Front- End Developer in analysis, design, development and management of web on windows-based software application using JavaScript/MySQL/Ajax/JQuery/XML, HTML, API (PHP based Environment), Linux to manage, test and develop distributed client/server, Internet and intranet applications on heterogeneous environments.  • Hands on Experience on Angular 2 technologies for one complete project in rebasing the UI of the application.  • Experienced in MEAN (MongoDB, Express, Angular 2 and Node.js) stack on Single Page Applications (SPA) development.  • Experience in design, maintenance, content management, system administration of websites, and professional familiarity with various local servers such as LAMP, XAMPP, WAMP (Windows, Apache, MySQL, and PHP) architecture  • Solid knowledge in MVC (Model View Controller) Framework using Laravel and Symfony Framework  • Proficient in creating AngularJS factories to utilize AngularJS services like $http to make RESTful API calls to PHP and Node.js based backend.  • Hand-on experience in using Angular UI Router to create the routing structure for different pages, and data parsing and transmission between different states of the application.  • Solid knowledge in Angular UI Bootstrap, Angular Material, and Font Awesome to add functionalities to the AngularJS based user interface.  • Experienced in using different JavaScript based packages libraries like Node.js, D3.js for complementary support to the web-based application.  • Experience in developing web applications with reusability of code using Object Oriented programming (OOP) and SOLID programming principles in which each module of application is plug and play.  • Experience in CSS3 preprocessors such as SASS, LESS to optimize the cascading style sheet and allow mix-ins, variables and hierarchical structure in CSS file.  • Strong experience in Responsive Web Applications using CSS3 Media Queries and Bootstrap for different layout according to the user's device.  • Experience in handling JSON parsing along with AJAX calls to render the web pages with dynamic content.  • Strong experience in testing and handling cross-browser compatibility issues across various browsers and platforms using polyfill solutions like Modernizr and Webshim.  • Hands-on experience in frontend development testing tools, such as Jasmine, Karma, Mocha, Chai and QUnit.  • Experience with version control tools GIT and SVN, JavaScript package management tools NPM and Bower.  • Strong knowledge of Web Services using XML, SOAP, WSDL and REST  • Hands-on experience on collaboration tools such as JIRA and Confluence  • Experienced in developing Agile Methodology, Test-Driven Development (TDD) and continuous integration and deployment.  • Extended experience in CMS (Content Management Systems) such as Magento, Drupal, Joomla and WordPress  • Solid understanding in latest trends, technologies and approaches for SOA based development and good understanding of SOA life cycle, SOA design principle, Service registry and various other SOA infrastructures.  • Creating Wireframes using popular tools. Like Balsamiq.  • Handled and managed data in Databases like MS Access, MySql and SQL in writing Stored Procedures, Constraints, Indexes, View.  • Excellent documentation skills with the ability to meet project deadlines and work in a cross-functional environment.  • Strong analytical capabilities, ability to quickly learn new technologies and adapt to new environments, great logical thinking and grasping ability.  • Experienced in designing web-based, data-driven applications and data management systems.  • Up to date knowledge with the latest industry trends. Ability to manage commitments to project deadlines, and under strict time constraints. Work Experience PHP / Front End UI/UX Developer Alliance Bankcard Services - Industry, CA May 2018 to Present Project Description:  Worded on a web-based platform for the Point of Sale Systems (POS) of the company.  Responsibilities:  • Worked with web designers to develop user interfaces and prototypes for a web-based System.  • Using Photoshop to change unique picture support the app.  • Developed the application as Single Page Application using AngularJS MVC framework.  • Developed the application as Single Page Application using Angular 4 web component based.  • Worked on front- end pages using HTML5, CSS3, Object Oriented JavaScript, Angular Material  • Used AngularJS UI Router to establish routing between nested html views.  • Implemented the user login authentication using Auth0.  • Used HTML5 and AngularJS to format the input forms and handled the input validations.  • Apply animation when an event happened using Angular.  • Using AngularJS created custom-directives and custom-filters for data manipulations and to display data.  • Built factories to utilize Angular services such as $http and $resource to consume the RESTful APIs for data parsing from the Java based backend server.  • Involved in Design queries to the back- end MySQL database to implement the GET / POST functionality for JSON contracts.  • Worked on the optimization of the CSS files using CSS preprocessors SASS.  • Worked with the Bootstrap Grid structure and the CSS media queries to make the application responsive (RWD).  • For easy debugging used testing frameworks Karma and Jasmine and followed the TDD to develop the entire application.  • Responsible for checking cross-browser compatibility issues and hence worked on different browsers like Safari, Internet Explorer, Firefox and Google Chrome.  • Using Node to connect with Mongo DB for create, read, update, delete, implement the base functionally for CRUD.  • Used GIT for version control and simultaneous code implementation.  • Assisted business analysts to figure out the technical aspects of the project and later analyzed the requirements to design the application.  • Updated the application using Angular 2 with Typescript.  • Worked in Agile methodology and attended daily Scrum meetings to access the current progress in a Sprint.  Environments: Photoshop, Angular, Angular 4, Bootstrap, HTML, HTML5, CSS3, CSS, Jasmine, JavaScript, GIT, Node.js, SASS, Karma, Linux, Agile/Scrum, JSON, RESTful. PHP/MYSQL Developer Henrial Corp - Walnut, CA December 2017 to April 2018 Project Description:  Created a gallery website to show different types of fabric material.  Responsibilities  • Involved in complete User interface designing and coded the website using HTML, CSS and JavaScript.  • Front end developer for proprietary PHP/MYSQL driven content management system  • Created cross-platform compliant e-newsletters for reaching thousands of recipients  • Build HTML templates for high traffic and complex data-driven websites  • Responsible for investigating and resolving application functionality related issues and providing first level support and troubleshooting.  • Involved in converting the website in different languages.  • Meet with clients to determine website goals and develop strategies for creating a strong web presence. Testing the website based on client specification.  • Involved in creating and managing databases using MYSQL  • Used LAMP (Linux, Apache, MySQL, and PHP) architecture to develop the application.  • Involved in back- end coding to manage static/dynamic pages.  • Managing multi-level dependent dropdown to filter search results.  • Involved in preparing bug list and working on those bug areas  • Converted PSD files in HTML/CSS templates  • Created demos for the website  • Participated in program meetings during the development phase  • Organized files in the development standards center  Environment: HTML, JQuery, CSS, JSON, JavaScript, MYSQL, MS Office, PHP, PSD, LAMP Stack Front End Developer/ PHP Developer TFX Tech Inc - Los Angeles, CA March 2016 to November 2017 Project 1: Worked on E-commerce websites of the company using Magento 2.5 and WordPress, built the responsive UI interface from PSD files using HTML5, CSS3, debugged and resolved the production website bugs using JavaScript and JQuery in Google developer tool.  Responsibilities  • Worked on mobile design of a popup window, used CSS3, JQuery and JavaScript.  • Solved cross-browser compatibility issues on Android and iPhone in mobile design.  • Added new features to the interface according to client requirements.  • Worked on the main navigation menu in CMS using Magento 2.5.  • Created tickets and report issues to project manager in Jira.  • Worked across the team on the project, attended stand up meeting once every week.  • Created a responsive UI interface in WordPress from PSD files and worked with the graphic design team.  • Managed the code using GIT and source tree in a Linux system, worked in different GIT branches on a test server.  • Deployed new features to the production site.  • Created new Magento phtml templated using PHP.  • Tested new features and functions and gave descriptions to fail or error.  • Worked with iOS, Android and Mac devices.    Project 2: Worked on E-Commerce Website of the company and integrated the website with Paypal and Authorize.Net using the provided API's and implemented Credit Card Verification and Securing the Credit Card Data using the Encryption Technology provided by MySQL and have used Ajax and JQuery  Responsibilities  • Involved in understanding and analyzing user requirements.  • Designed dynamic and browser compatible pages using HTML, CSS, JQuery, JSON and JavaScript.  • Used AJAX for every page for dynamically displaying the data without a page refresh.  • Used bootstrap CSS for responsive design.  • Used Laravel Framework to implement MVC (Model View Controller) architecture.  • Used different Laravel extensions.  • Worked on generating windows notification and browser which should pop up at the particular time interval.  • Used JQuery plugin to display notification messages on the website which works on almost all common browsers.  • Used Google Map API to display the search address and gave proper routing only on click event.  • Used TFS (Team Foundation Server) to save our daily work for proper communication with team members and to maintain a good quality product.  • Used Web Services created by our DB team  • Created Master-Slave replication on MySQL database to backup data.  • Involved in generating test data and preparing status reports.  • Involved in developing modules based on user requirements.  • Worked on Agile and Waterfall methodologies and actively participated in daily SCRUM meetings to produce quality deliverables within time with a good understanding of the business cycle.  Environment: PHP, MVC, Laravel Framework, Scrum, MYSQL, HTML5, Ajax, Apache Tomcat Server, MS Office, CSS3, JQuery, JSON, JavaScript, Lamp Stack, XML, PSD, Magento, GIT. UI/ Angular.JS Developer AsiaInfo - Guangzhou, CN June 2010 to April 2014 Project 1: Global Retail Logistic System  Project Description: The company requires to develop a responsive, dynamic app that focuses on retail shipping and tracking products. The commercial information management system was to retrieve data from the client side and displayed them back to the client side. This project also involved in creating and maintaining the web page to keep track of the updated information.  Responsibilities:  ? Closely worked with Business System Analyst to understand the requirements to ensure that the right set of UI Modules been built.  ? Involved in build next-generation user experience for the layout.  ? Developed all the UI pages using HTML, CSS3, Bootstrap, JSON, AngularJS.  ? Used Angular.JS framework where data from the backend is stored in a model and populated it to UI.  ? Used Angular.JS factory and services for dependency injection.  ? Using Angular.JS created custom directives for data manipulations and to display data in company standard format in UI.  ? Used $http in Angular.JS for consuming RESTful web-services.  ? Used Angular.JS routers like "UI Router" to establish routing between nested HTML views.  ? Proficiently used custom Angular.JS Filter, Directive, and Service to achieve the various functionalities of the website.  ? Worked on Cross-Browser compatibility and fixed the bugs for several browsers.  ? Used Bootstrap for responsiveness and expertise in Grid Control System.  ? Developed and implemented UI controls and API's using Angular.JS.  ? Used two-way data Binding techniques and custom filters.  ? Manipulated data using CRUD operations of the MongoDB database management system and handled database access and data transmission based on RESTful web service  ? Used Node.js to run the application on the grunt server.  ? Used Protractor for end-to- end testing in JavaScript and AngularJS code.  ? Used Grunt to compile Sass files and JavaScript files.  ? Managed and administered multiple instances of GIT, including build server and operating environment.  Environment: HTML, CSS3, JavaScript, Bootstrap, REST APIs, Angular.JS, Node.js, Grunt, TDD, Mocha, Jasmine, Git, XML, XSL, JIRA, SOAP, Unix Shell    Project 2:  Role: PHP Developer  Project: E-Commerce websites  Project Description: Created E-Commerce websites using PHP and MYSQL.  Responsibilities  • Developed e-commerce PHP 5.3 and Magento 1.5 based website.  • Implemented themes and developed Magento based extensions.  • Integrated Facebook API for Magento.  • Added jQuery, Ajax and JavaScript functionalities for the user interface.  • Extended functionalities as per client requirements and used JavaScript in handling client-side validation  • Implemented Web2.0  • Involved in designing and managing the database  • Created, customized search module and content indexing  • Generated reports as for the requirement  • Managed the code using the GIT code control tool  • Wrote smoke tests for all created functionalities and page flow  • Participated in team meeting including QA, Business, Web Designers and daily scrum meeting  • Conducted development review meeting and was involved in demo meetings.  • Developed different staffing module (e.g; HR, Clients etc.)  • Participated in board meetings for getting Partners feedback and vision behind the development  • Managed the Linux server  • Responsible for code deployment on different environments (Linux based).  • Perform site building activities, including creating and modifying views.  Environment: Linux, Windows XP, Windows, Magento, PHP 5, Mysql 5.5, XML 1.0, HTML, DHTML, jQuery, JavaScript, Apache Server, CSS, Agile Methodology, SharePoint, LAMP Stack Education Master's Skills Ajax (5 years), Apache (6 years), Bootstrap (6 years), CSS (6 years), deployment (3 years), GIT (6 years), html (6 years), JavaScript (6 years), Jira. (5 years), JQuery (6 years), JSON (6 years), Linux (6 years), MICROSOFT SHAREPOINT (3 years), MySQL (6 years), PHP (6 years), SASS. (4 years), testing (5 years), UI (6 years), Unix (4 years), User interface (6 years) Additional Information Technical Skills:  Web Technologies: HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3/SCSS, JavaScript ES6, Ajax, JSON, HTTP  Frameworks/Libraries: Angular 4, Angular Material, D3.js, Chart.js, Semitic UI. Node.js, jQuery, RxJs, Prototype JS, Bootstrap, LESS, SASS, Font-awesome, Laravel, Symfony  Programming Languages: PHP 5.0, JavaScript, Java  Databases: Oracle, MySQL, MongoDB, MSSQL, MS Access    Methodologies: Agile, Waterfall, Test Driven Development, TDD/BDD  IDE & Tools: Sketch, Atom, Gulp, Grunt, Web Storm, Eclipse, Sublime, VS code, Firebug, Developer Tools, Adobe Photoshop, Dreamweaver, Microsoft Visio, SharePoint, Linux, JIRA and Confluence, Maven, Agile, SEO, SMTP  Content Management Systems: Magento, Drupal, Joomla and WordPress  Testing Tools/Framework: Jasmine, Karma, JUnit, QUnit, Mocha  Version Control: Bitbucket, GIT, SVN  Deployment: AWS, Docker, Vagrant, Apache 2, Nginx, IIS  Operation System: Windows 10/7/XP/2000, Unix/Linux, Ubuntu, Red Hat