MongoDB Architect/Sr. MongoDB Admin/ Developer MongoDB Architect/Sr. MongoDB Admin/<span class="hl">Developer</span> MongoDB Architect/Sr. MongoDB Admin/ Developer - Fitch Ratings ? 9 years of IT experience in Database design, administration and all aspects of Systems Development using Client/Server technologies that includes Requirements gathering, Analysis, Design and Development.  ? Extensive knowledge in MongoDB concepts and good knowledge in Administration.  ? Experience in upgrading and migrating various versions of Mongo database on different platforms.  ? Experience building structured MVC web applications using JavaScript, AngularJS, Node.js, jQuery, Express, MongoDB.  ? Developed enhancements to MongoDB architecture to improve performance and scalability.  ? Familiar with MongoDB clusters, Java scripting to load unstructured data into sharding environment.  ? Expertise in web and mobile front- end development using HTML, CSS, JavaScript and frameworks/Libraries such as Bootstrap and AngularJS.  ? Worked with CSS pre-processors like LESS and SASS, and used Bower package manager. Expertise in using Grunt and Gulp task managers.  ? Source control and Application life-cycle management experience using Git and GitHub.  ? Hands-on experience using HTTP servers such as Apache HTTP server.  ? Application development experience using NetBeans IDE, Brackets, Atom and Eclipse IDE and rich client application development using NetBeans platform.  ? Web programming experience developing several websites using PHP and MySQL, Worked on design/development of front- end projects, Systems administration experience in Linux Cent OS and MySQL server.  ? Extensively used various design patterns such as MVC (Model-View-Controller), Singleton, MVVM.  ? Responsible for authoring of website functionality with JavaScript, HTML, CSS.  ? Highly motivated, self-starter with the ability to learn new technologies and methodologies. Target oriented and possess excellent communication and interpersonal skills. Follow best standard programming practices and have the ability to work both independently and in a team.  Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience MongoDB Architect/Sr. MongoDB Admin/ Developer Fitch Ratings - New York, NY April 2017 to Present Responsibilities:  ? Responsible for administration, maintenance, Performance analysis, and Capacity planning for Mongo db 2.x, 3.0.x and 3.2 versions.  ? Set and tune System Parameters for MongoDB. Install and run Mongo db with multiple instances on servers.  ? Secure MongoDB using authentication.  ? Configuring, implementing and supporting High Availability (Replication) with Load balancing sharding cluster of Mongo db having TB's of data.  ? Backup and restore mongo databases using LVM snapshots and Ops manager backups.  ? Optimizing MongoDB CRUD Operations.  ? Disaster Recovery setup and best practices, including planning, testing, failover testing.  ? Add / remove replica and shard nodes in Mongo db Cluster as needed.  ? Design & implement sharding and indexing strategies for huge data sets.  ? Migrate mongo db sharded/replica cluster form one datacenter to another without downtime.  ? Manage and Monitor large production MongoDB sharded cluster environments having terabytes of the data.  ? Setting up MongoDB Profiling to get slow queries.  ? Migrated Mongo instances from MMAPV1 to Wired tiger storage engine.  ? Ensure data replication with no lag.  ? Pro-actively identify, troubleshoot and resolve live MongoDB issues.  ? Work with Development, Storage and Network teams in installation and administration of MongoDB in the IT Enterprise Environment.  ? Monitor deployments for capacity planning and performance.  ? Created Gridfs collections and cleaned orphan chunks to reclaim space.  ? Implement MMS monitoring and backup MongoDB Management Services) on cloud and on local servers on premise and OPS Manager)  ? Help Development teams to understand MongoDB design principals.  ? Documenting MongoDB installation, operations, security, auditing multiple environments.  ? Optimizing the JavaScript queries.  ? Created different customized application roles to maintain security across the mongo cluster.  Environment: MongoDB, MMS, OPS, Puppet, Linux/Unix, LVM Snapshots, Backup Scheduler, Data guard, Sharding, Replication, Python, Shell scripting, Py Mongo, JavaScript. MongoDB Engineer Sabre corporation - Southlake, TX May 2016 to March 2017 Responsibilities:  ? Designed and implemented the MongoDB schema. Familiar with Embedded and Normalized data models in MongoDB.  ? Considering storage optimization for small documents.  ? Used document references to query data from multiple collections.  ? Worked on multiple BSON type objects and used based on requirement.  ? Wrote restful services on the server in Node JS to listen to requests from devices.  ? Implemented multiple CRUD operations and familiar with new enhancements in each and every release.  ? Supported Bulk Write operation jobs and analyzing the queries and performed tuning based on environment.  ? Wrote services to store and retrieve user data from the MongoDB for the application on devices.  ? Potentially long running index building operations performed by creating Index in background.  ? Rebuilding of Indexes to avoid defragmentation and modifying indexes.  ? SSL encryption, M tools, Analysis of data usage for proper index creation and data modeling.  ? Distributing replica set members across geographically distinct data centers for redundancy and provides fault tolerance if one of the data centers is unavailable.  ? Converted secondary node to Arbiter based on requirement to reuse of storage for different application.  ? Sizing of Oplog based on Workloads and to maintain replication properly across all the nodes.  ? Maintaining Sharded cluster availability and security across all the nodes.  ? Enabled Tag Aware Sharding by tag specific ranges of the shard key and associate those tags with a shard.  ? Configured hidden replica member and it is used for reporting and backups.  ? Configured delayed member to recover from unsuccessful application upgrades and operator errors including dropped databases and collections.  ? Supported choosing a shard key and make sure even distribution of data across multiple shards.  ? Converted replica set to sharded cluster because of data size growth and better query rate planning.  Environment: MongoDB, MMS, OPS, m tools, Robo mongo, BSON, JSON, Aggregation, Arbiter, Balancer, RPM, tar files, Mongo Shell, MMAP v1, wired tiger, snapshot, Sharding, Replication, Shell scripting, JavaScript. AngularJS Developer Bank of America - New York, NY May 2015 to April 2016 Responsibilities:  ? Responsible for analyzing client needs and creating the project proposal that included high level requirements, screen layouts, time and cost estimates.  ? Developed website prototypes using Bootstrap and media queries to provide responsive screen layouts.  ? Implemented a vendor provided solution and customized it according client needs.  ? Designed & implemented web pages that are compatible in mobile with cross browser compatibility across several browsers.  ? Worked on building custom, SPA web application to replace a legacy business web application using web services (Restful API's)  ? Built modules that can be responsive to different breakpoints (desktop/tablet/mobile)  ? Worked with technologies like Bower and JSON package managers.  ? Used LESS and SASS Preprocessors  ? Worked Extensively with Gulp and Grunt task managers.  ? Worked on Single page applications by using both UI-route and ng-route formats with dependency injection.  ? Responsible for deploying project artifacts via FTP.  ? Developed SQL queries to perform insert, update or delete operation on MySQL database.  ? Used ANGULARJS to build Single Page Web Application (SPA)  ? Implemented Routing, Controller, Services (custom and inbuilt), and Directives (custom and inbuilt)  Environment: HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript, Angular, Angular UI, jQuery, bootstrap, AJAX, JSON, AngularJS, requirejs, node.js, grunt, bower, MAVEN, JSON, Phone  Gap, SVN, Mongo DB, Agile, Rally, MySQL, pl/sql, and oracle. Front End Developer BMS - Plainsboro, NJ February 2014 to April 2015 Responsibilities:  ? Designed the UI using HTML5, Angular JS, JQuery CSS and AngularJS.  ? Designed the Web application implementing the spring framework for Model-View-Controller (MVC) pattern to make it flexible.  ? Used various Bootstrap components like Glyphicons, breadcrumbs, badges, jumbotron, progress bars etc.  ? Used various Bootstrap javascript components like, carousals, modals, tabs, collapse and customized them according to the client's needs.  ? Used LESS preprocessor to generate custom CSS code.  ? Created dynamic angular application using angular templates, controllers and models.  ? Worked with command-line web tools that make use of the Node at runtime like bower, package. json.  ? Used Grunt task runner on the client side along with angular JS to perform unit testing, minification and compilation, whenever a change in a file is made.  ? Used angulars built-in support for form validation and implemented the two-way data binding.  ? Performed Dependency injection with the use of services.  ? Worked in Agile Scrum development methodology.  ? Developed several REST web services and used JSON as a data exchange format.  ? Implemented different kinds of validation such as require-field validation and regular expression validation.  ? Implemented Unit Testing to detect and solve errors on data-transfer functions.  Environment: HTML4/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript, JSON, jQuery, GitHub, perforce, XML, SQL, Python, Windows Platforms & IDE- Eclipse.