Service Now Developer/Admin Service Now <span class="hl">Developer</span>/Admin Service Now Developer/Admin - CVS Pharmacy Mount Prospect, IL • Overall 8 Years of IT experience in Software Design, Development, Analysis, Testing including 4+ years of Implementation experience in ServiceNow platform as both Developer and Administrator  • Experience in Configuring Applications using ServiceNow, used in ITIL Management  • Good Knowledge on Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), Scrum and Agile process models  • Design and engineer solutions leveraging all appropriate components offered by ServiceNow to meet the needs for business workflows, ticketing or other IT-Service Management and IT-Asset Management requirements.  • Configuration of Inbound and Outbound Web Services over REST and SOAP  • Experience on working with ServiceNow Incident, Change, Problem, Release, Demand and Knowledge management Applications  • Configuring and developing Service Catalogs with various business process workflows  • Configuration of Service level Agreements (SLA/OLA) for various task-based applications like Incident, problem, catalogs  • Good knowledge on ServiceNow IT Operations Management (ITOM) Applications Event Management and Discovery  • Experience working with email notifications, inbound actions, reports.  • Experience in creating homepages and dashboards for stake holders.  • Experience in generating reports per requirements and also publishing reports on the Homepages and dashboards as required.  • Involved with ServiceNow Performance analytics dashboard and reporting  • Configuring and managing Configuration Management (CMDB)  • Experience in configuring ServiceNow integration with light-weight Directory Access Protocol (LDAP), JIRA and Single sign-on (SSO)  • Developed various configurations and business requirements using ServiceNow Server side scripting (Business Rules, Script Includes, UI Actions) and Client-side scripting (Client Scripts, UI Policies, UI Pages and Widgets)  • Configured multiple Access control list (ACL) for tables and views based on access and security requirements  • Experience in designing User Interface (UI) applications and web applications using HTML 4.0/5, XHTML, CSS2/CSS3, JAVASCRIPT, JQUERY, AJAX, JSON and XML.  • Good working knowledge in version control tools like Sub Version (SVN), CVS and Rational Clear Case, and application testing using JUNIT.  • Good experience in writing SQL Queries, PL/SQL Procedures, Functions, Triggers and Views.  • Developed Maven and ANT scripts in to build and deploy J2EE Applications.  • Motivated team player and self-starter with ability to work under minimal supervision possessing strong analytical, problem solving and communicational skills. Work Experience Service Now Developer/Admin CVS Pharmacy - Chicago, IL July 2018 to Present Responsibilities:  • Communicating with end users to identify their difficulties and enhancing the applications as per requirements  • Involved in implementing ServiceNow ITSM Applications  • Design and develop SLA's for the incident, problem, change management processes as per the requirement  • Involved in ServiceNow Administration  • Worked on creating various catalog items, with associated workflows, and configured Client Scripts, UI policies, including advanced customizations as needed  • Implementation of different Applications, Modules, Tables and Views as per client's requirement  • Created Order Guides for New Employee and Contractor On boarding, Terminating Employee and Transfer of Employees  • Created Business Rules, Client Scripts associated Script Includes to support development  • Designed Workflows, along with standard Workflow templates which can be reused  • Involved in CMDB Deployment Plan to organize the implementation of data model Plan  • Designed the CMDB integration which captures all the inputs to CMDB originating from outside of the ServiceNow cloud platform and building the data sources to fit together  • Integrated Microsoft SCCM with ServiceNow for pulling the entire configuration item into ServiceNow  • Configuring Data sources and transform maps for CMDB  • Built Citrix integration to load virtual and desktop groups into CMDB tables  • Involved in LDAP integration to pull assignment group and users into ServiceNow.  • Worked on ACLs including creating new roles and moving them to next instances.  • Responsible for creating homepages including basic reporting, gauge configuration and dash board presentation  • Created scheduled jobs, scheduled reports and scheduled workflows.  • Worked on developing and promoting scoped applications. Troubleshooting access issues within scoped applications  • Worked on Survey Management and trigger conditions.  • Create templates for request and approval notifications  • Troubleshooting production issues  • Appam Migration to ServiceNow to create/remove CMDB relationships between Configuration Items and Business Applications  • Involved in preparing implementation plan for every release in ServiceNow and presented to entire team to execute the steps  • Used REST API to populate Contracts and Suppliers from Salesforce using properties and server-side scripts  • Experience on Credential Management. Built CyberArk integration from scratch to store orchestration and discovery credentials externally to ServiceNow  • Involved in daily, weekly and monthly meetings with client on the work progress and discussions on the upcoming work  • Used Automated testing frameworks to test development  • Responsible for creating documentation on developed integrations  • Involved in moving update sets from instance to instance including testing the changes  • Experience on scheduling upgrades, clones and patches  • Created HI tickets with ServiceNow support to address issues Service Now Developer/Admin GE Transportation - Atlanta, GA September 2017 to July 2018 Responsibilities:  • Configured and customized Service Catalogs, Incident, Change, problem and knowledge management applications  • Involved in gathering requirements from stakeholders to leverage ServiceNow within organization on end user self-enablement portal using CMS  • Understanding technical and functional design requirements for workflow engines. Created workflow and web prototypes  • Maintained and administered the implemented instance of ServiceNow and performed tasks such as configuring users, company, site, location and other existing fields, support groups, assignment rules, categorizations, CI data, SLA etc.  • Worked on end to end implementation of CMDB module using Discovery tool  • Involved in developing and customization of Service Now plugins  • CMDB Technical support duties  • Worked on Configuring the IP Addresses to identify the undiscovered Configuration Item (CI)'s and inserts them into CMDB  • Worked across IT and other operations divisions to design, develop, and implement ServiceNow solutions consistent with customer requirements  • Involved in configuring the UI Actions, UI Policies, Client-Side scripting and Server-Side scripting.  • Working knowledge on Single Sign On (SSO) and event-based integrations  • Worked on loading, transforming, and maintaining data between ServiceNow and other systems  • Worked with IT managers to generate views and reports  • Provide training sessions on ticketing tools, reporting and data entry  • Enhanced the existing LDAP integration and modified business rules  • Worked in an agile environment and implemented the changes required by the business owners on a regular basis  • Expertise knowledge in creating custom workflows using Workflow activities and Sub flows for the service catalog items.  • Involved in instance upgrade activities  • Recommended best practice in migrating Update sets to different instances and published a knowledge article on the same Service Now Developer /Admin Hilton World Wide - Memphis, TN September 2015 to August 2017 Responsibilities:  • Involved in creation of Functional and Technical Design Documents as per the requirements from the business team.  • Involved in requirement gathering sessions.  • Involved in creation of ServiceNow Applications, Modules, and Tables as per requirements.  • Involved in customization of forms for various ServiceNow applications.  • Involved in creation and configuration of business rules, client scripts as per the required functionality.  • Involved in setting up the SLA as per the requirements.  • Involved in cloning activities  • Manage development of solutions to migrate and/or integrate disparate data to an enterprise CMDB solution  • Involved in redesigning the workflows using ServiceNow workflow editor.  • Involved in reconciliation of complicated workflows to simpler form.  • Developed Service catalog by creating new Catalog items, Designing workflows and Execution plans.  • Created Outbound Email Notifications using Email Templates.  • Integrated Service Now with internal applications through Inbound Email Actions.  • Created various Script Includes and UI Scripts.  • Created various Client Scripts which utilized GlideAjax API to invoke Script Includes.  • Involved in LDAP integration with ServiceNow for obtaining users and groups.  • Created Record Producers, Order Guides and Catalog Client Scripts and Work flows.  • Involved in the ServiceNow Instance upgrade activities.  • Involved in cloning between various environments in ServiceNow  • Involved in loading of data into CMDB using discovery and file imports. Java/J2EE Developer Infinite Computer Solutions - IN September 2013 to August 2015 Responsibilities:  • Involved in Presentation Tier Development using JSF Framework and ICE Faces tag Libraries.  • Implemented J2EE standards, MVC2 architecture and used JavaScript and JQuery for front end validations.  • Experience using ICE Faces Tag Libraries to develop user interface components.  • Used JSF, JSP, Java Script, HTML, and CSS for manipulating, validating, customizing, error messages to the User Interface.  • Used EJBs (Session beans) to implement the business logic, JMS for communication for sending updates to various other applications and MDB for routing priority requests.  • All the Business logic in all the modules is written in core Java.  • Wrote WebServices using SOAP for sending and getting data from the external interface.  • Developed a web-based reporting for monitoring system with HTML and Tiles using Struts framework.  • Involved in writing JMS Publishers to post messages and MDB (Message Driven Beans) as subscribers.  • Created Stored procedures using PL-SQL for data modification (Using DML insert, update, delete) in Oracle  • Interaction with Oracle database is implemented using Hibernate. Front- End Web Developer Qualcomm Pvt ltd June 2011 to September 2013 Responsibilities:  • Understanding client's business requirements and participating in client meetings for designing and developing user-friendly front- end customer facing product site using technologies such as HTML5, CSS3, AJAX, XHTML, JavaScript.  • Used JQuery to traverse through a DOM tree and manipulated the nodes in the tree. Implemented the Drag and Drop functionality using JQuery framework.  • Created different Carousels using jQuery Carousel and Accordions with the help of jQuery UI for different product categories.  • Involved in building highly interactive portable widgets using HTML5, CSS3, and the latest AJAX libraries.  • Involved in Enhancement of existing application utilizing AngularJS, created HTML navigation menu  • Created AngularJS Controller which Isolate scopes perform operations in UI.  • Using AngularJS created custom directives for data manipulations and to display data in company standard format in UI.  • Developed detailed mockups, prototypes and wireframes to illustrate interface and design concepts of the website using Microsoft Visio.  • Applied Use Cases diagram to validate and test web application design against the UI architecture.  • Used detailed Wireframes and developed Mock-up designs as per the requirements of Business.  • Extensively used JQUERY, XML, AJAX and DOM scripting to create interactive web applications like message posting and auto complete form validations.  • Participated in making Responsive Web Designs using Media Queries and Twitter Bootstrap.  • Designed pages using AngularJS Forms, Validations, Modules, Events, and Expressions, Directive, Controllers, filters and Http Request.  • Responsible for setting up AngularJS framework to achieve data binding between HTML and JavaScript objects.  • Worked on Cross-Browser compatibility and fixed the bugs for several browsers.  • Worked closely with QA team and fixed QA bugs as well as production issues with a quick turnaround time. Education Master's in Computer Science in Computer Science Texas A&M University Skills Visual studio, Android studio, C#, C++, Git, Html, Javascript, Subversion, Xml, Xsl, Xslt, Eclipse, J2ee, Java, Jax, Jax-ws, Jakarta, Database, Sql server, Sql server 2008 Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS    Operating systems Windows, UNIX  Programming languages SQL, PL/SQL, C, C++, Java, J2EE, JavaScript, HTML, C#, WebServices  Web Technologies/WebServices JavaScript, CSS, HTML, DHTML, XML (SAX, DOM Parser), XSL, XSLT, SOAP, AJAX, WSDL, JAX-WS, JAX-RS  ServiceNow Platforms  ServiceNow Geneva, ServiceNow Helsinki, ServiceNow Istanbul, ServiceNow Jakarta, ServiceNow Kingston, ServiceNow London    Database Oracle 10g/11i, MySQL  Application Servers Tomcat, SQL Server 2008  Tools  SQL Developer, HP PPM, Approx., Tortoise CVS, Subversion, GIT, Eclipse, Visual Studio, Android Studio, JSFiddle, WinSCP, SSH Secure Shell, Putty, SoapUI and Scrum Do