Full Stack Web Developer Full Stack Web <span class="hl">Developer</span> Full Stack Web Developer - Fairy Tale Brownies Scottsdale, AZ My objective is to obtain a Development position where I can take on more responsibility, work in a team setting, and expand my knowledge in Programming. Work Experience Full Stack Web Developer Fairy Tale Brownies - Scottsdale, AZ March 2016 to Present ? 3.5 years of backend C#/.NET framework and Microsoft SQL  ? 3.5 years of TortoiseSVN version control  ? 8 years of HTML, CSS, JavaScript  ? Familiarity with Angular & PHP  ? Maintain the main website for the company.  ? Develop features with a team for customers to use.  ? Improved UI/UX and SEO.  ? Completed company mobile website.  ? Increased revenue through work  ? Encrypted database passwords  ? Taught Designers HTML, CSS, JavaScript Front- end Account Manager Scottsdale, AZ June 2015 to February 2016 Managed client website accounts from across the country.  ? Helped clients make changes to their websites through the code.  ? Worked with the client on design aspects.  ? Provided great customer service.  ? Supported a company created app.  ? Worked with HTML, CSS, JavaScript  ? Provided the fastest turn-around time on my team.  ? Increased client websites SEO content to draw more action. Dairy Lead Whole Foods Market - Scottsdale, AZ September 2013 to June 2015 Providing customer service.  ? Keeping the dairy department clean and stocked.  ? Communicating with my team and lead on projects.  ? Keeping logs up to date. Education Bachelor of Computer Science in NAU Scottsdale Community College - Scottsdale, AZ May 2017 Assessments Critical Thinking — Proficient April 2019 Measures a candidate’s ability to use logical approaches when solving problems. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/0fcmdxwcr-chdswl Critical Thinking — Highly Proficient May 2019 Using logic to solve problems. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/nqnwjc71pkz5k91f Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.