Web UI Developer/Web Analytics Developer Web UI <span class="hl">Developer</span>/Web Analytics <span class="hl">Developer</span> Web UI Developer/Web Analytics Developer - HPE Plano, TX Work Experience Web UI Developer/Web Analytics Developer HPE - Plano, TX March 2018 to Present S/URS Activity Tracking System (SAT) is a web-based case management system is used for detection, evaluation and resolution of fraud, abuse and substandard care that occurs within the Denti-Cal program. SAT provides users with a customized activity tracking and decision support application designed specifically to collect data on providers or beneficiaries who may be engaged in fraudulent activities while using the Denti-Cal program, generate personalized campaigns, emails, activity reports and feedback surveys.    Responsibilities:  • Analyzed and Reviewed business requirements and functional specification documents.  • Participated in design workshops with senior UI team's and collaborated in executing PoC's  • Responsible for integration and setup of Web Properties, Google Tag Manager, Google Analytics, Google Dashboard, Apple App Analytics, Double click and other tools.  • Talking to the Business teams & Defining KPI (Key Performance Indicators)  • Designed and developed Analytics project reports based on Dimensions, Metrics and Channels.  • Responsible for configuring and tracking performance reports from Google Analytics and organizing and formatting raw data in daily, weekly and monthly reports for metrics to be  used to analyze current business performance.  • Utilized Google analytics and Omniture in the quantitative a qualitative analysis of campaign performance.  • Experience in providing Campaign Codes to the Development Teams.  • Good Hands on Experience Validating Campaign codes and their reports with Business teams. Helping them understand the codes and making sure the reports generated as expected.  • Designed and developed Single Page Application using CSS, HTML, Java Script, Angular Js to create responsive and fast user experience.  • Designed and Developed Java Script frame work which is wrapper on top of Angular.js frame work and AJAX based UI frame work for UI Configuration widgets.  • Developed application components like Grids, Toolbars, Panels, Combo-Box, Button's etc. using AngularJS, Bootstrap frameworks.  • Involved in redesigning the entire site with CSS styles for consistent look and feel across all browsers and all pages.  • Good Experience with Internal Campaign and External Campaign.  • Now Introducing Adobe launch & migration the data from Adobe Analytics.  • Worked on Bootstrap, LESS to develop User Interface with responsive design.  • Used Jasmine test for unit testing & Co-ordinate with QA for testing, Production releases, Application deployment and integration.  • Following Scrum methodology to track the project details and updating the development  status every day in the SCRUM.    Environment: Java, HTML, CSS, SASS, Boot strap, Google Analytics, OO JavaScript, Angular.js, gulp, Ajax, JSON, JSP, JQuery, MVC, DOM, TFS, Visual Studio, Windows Web Analytics Developer TD Bank - Township of Jackson, NJ June 2016 to February 2018 Online Web Applications (Online Banking, Gift Card and Travel Cards). TD provides Travel and Visa Gift Card offers gift card services for customers across US. Customers can purchase the gift card from retails stores, branches, online and register the card by calling call Centre or through self-service registration portal. On successful registration, an automated email with Card No, Customer Name, Address and Balance is sent to the customer's email for future reference.    Responsibilities:  • Participated in design workshops with senior UI team's and collaborated in in developing responsive websites developments.  • Defined and developed tags, data elements, page load rules and even rules using Enlighten Tag Manager  • Hands on Experience in Multichannel Adobe Analytics implementation (across web & mobile) and analysis to increase customer retention and improve consistent shopping experience across the different channels.  • Good understanding of implementing Adobe Analytics in native mobile apps using iOS and Android SDKs.  • Used Ensighten to develop and implement non-Adobe analytics site functionalities such as 3rd-party tags and Data Layers.  • Worked on end-to- end Adobe Analytics solution design, development, support, testing and data analysis's  • Closely worked with business stakeholders to define KPIs based on their requirements, mapping them with analytics events and developing executive dashboard reports.  • Good understanding of implementing Adobe Analytics in native mobile apps using iOS and Android SDKs.  • Deployed Adobe Analytics using Ensighten and DTM tag management systems.  • Extracted data from Adobe Analytics to Teradata using alteryx and developed visualization reports using Tableau.  • Scheduling of dashboards for the middle-management to provide them a snapshot of the business.  • Performed A/B testing campaigns to increase conversion rates and maximize user experience.  • Worked with the Testing/QA team to debug/test the web analytics tags.    Environment: Ensighten Tag Manager (Legacy and 2.0) , Adobe Marketing Cloud - Adobe Analytics (Omniture Site Catalyst), Alteryx, Tableau, HP ALM, JIRA, JavaScript, jQuery, Data Layer, JSON, HTML/ CSS, Regular Expressions, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, Windows XP OS Front End Developer CbizSoft January 2013 to September 2015 CbizSoft Software Solutions delivers high quality, reliable and cost-effective IT services to customers globally. They provide world-class technology services by constantly exploring and implementing innovative solutions that drive long-term value to their customers.    Responsibilities:  • Developed an effective HTML User Interface using new HTML form elements.  • Developed a JQuery based front end including forms, controls, event handlers and effects  • Involved in analyzing, Designing and Developing the User interface of a B2B e-Procurement portal using Web 2.0 Technologies for easy lookup of order details information including Searching Order data by Vendors.  • Converted existing JavaScript code into MVC pattern using Angular.js framework.  • Used handlebars.js for templating client-side presentation logic and separate data.  • Implemented Selectors and Attributes to update the DOM nodes and elements.  • Developed Branding features in the Portal using CSS3 and to give the Portal a standardized and custom look and Feel.  • Developed Rich web user interfaces using HTML elements such as Command, Navigation, progress, Summary, Article and other formatting elements.  • Followed agile software development practice paired programming, test driven development and scrum status meetings.  • Involved in design, analysis and architectural meetings. Created Architecture Diagrams, and Flow Charts using Microsoft Visio.  • Leverage knowledge of W3C standards, cross-browser development techniques.  • Worked on tools like TortoiseSVN and JIRA for bug tracking.  • Used Eclipse Integrated Development Environment (IDE) in entire project development.    Environment: .NET Framework (3.5), ASP.NET (3.5), HTML, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, JSON, Java, Eclipse3.5, Subversion. Education Bachelor's in computer science and Engineering in computer science and Engineering JNTU K Master's in computer science and Information Technology in computer science and Information Technology Southern Arkansas University