Senior Front- End UI Developer Senior <span class="hl">Front</span>-<span class="hl">End</span> UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> Senior Front- End UI Developer - Verizon Communication Irving, TX • IT professional with all phases of software development life cycle (SDLC) including requirements analysis, applications design, development and testing of various client/server, N-tier and web applications.  • Good working experience of web development technologies such as, HTML5/HTML, CSS3/CSS, Angular.js, React, Vue.js, JQuery, Ajax, JSON, and Bootstrap with MySQL database as the backend. A wonderful team player who can relate and work efficiently with diverse groups in multicultural environment.  • Experience in designing User Interface (UI) applications and professional web applications using HTML 4.0/5, XHTML, CSS2/CSS3, JavaScript, JQUERY, AJAX, JSON and XML.  • Expertise in developing and updating a web page using HTML 5, CSS3, Media Query, JavaScript and JQuery with the webpage cross browser compatibility.  • Experience applying the latest development approaches including MVC, event-driven applications using AJAX, Object Oriented Java Script, Object Oriented Design, JSON, and XML.  • Hands on experience with Object Oriented JavaScript. Good understanding of OOPS Concepts.  • Extensive knowledge in developing applications in a single page (SPAs) using various JavaScript frameworks like Angular Js, Node.js, Bootstrap and Responsive Web Design.  • Implemented Services and Dependency Injection in Angular 2/4 to connect the web application to back- end APIs and for sharing the code between the components.  • Experience on working with CSS Background, CSS Layouts, CSS positioning, CSS text, CSS border, CSS margin, CSS padding, CSS table, classes, Pseudo elements and CSS behaviors in CSS.  • Experience in Version Control tools like GIT and SVN for Source Code version management and merging Source code after intermittent Project releases.  • Worked extensively with React JS and developed real time applications using React JS architecture- Redux for building UI and designed reusable components using React JS.  • Implemented various screens for the front end using React JS and used various predefined components from NPM (Node Package Manager).  • Experience in Redux architecture and implemented SPA's with React Router.  • Experience in designing websites with W3C standards using HTML, CSS to get best cross-browser user experience for long-term user retention and engagement.  • Good Understanding of Document Object Model (DOM) and DOM Functions.  • Responsible for setting up AngularJS framework to achieve data binding between HTML and JavaScript objects.  • Strong functional Knowledge on networking protocols such as HTTP, DNS, and TCP/IP etc.  • Expertise in Client Side designing and validations using HTML, DHTML and Java Script.  • Experience with Firebug for Mozilla and IE Developer Toolbar for Internet Explorer 11.  • Utilized various JavaScript and jQuery libraries, AJAX for form validation and other interactive features  • Involvement in using various IDE's, Dreamweaver, Notepad++, eclipse, Adobe Photoshop.  • Expertise in coding optimized SQL queries on databases like MySQL.  • Built applications for scale using JavaScript, Node.JS, and React.JS.  • Experience with User Acceptance Testing (UAT) and Accessibility Testing.  • Responsible for checking Cross browser compatibility and hence worked on different browsers like Safari, Internet Explorer, Edge, Mozilla Firefox and Google chrome.  • Been an active team player, helped in fixing bugs and carried out troubleshooting.  • Used Bootstrap and Angular JS, React.js and Node.js in effective web design.  • Skilled at analyzing and solving browser compatibility challenges and possesses ability to maintain consistency and well commented HTML and CSS markup.  • Experience in both Waterfall & Agile development methodologies.  • Experienced in debugging web applications in different browsers using Firebug, and testing applications using JUnit, Jasmine, Mocha, and karma, Grunt tools.  • Expert in using JSON (JavaScript Object Notation) a lightweight data-interchange format to build collection of name/value pairs and ordered list of values.  • Involved in Understanding functional specifications and developing creative solutions to meet business requirements.  • Strong communication, collaboration & team building skills with proficiency in grasping new technical concepts quickly. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior Front- End UI Developer Verizon Communication - Irving, TX June 2018 to Present Our team at Trademore strives to create a seamless customer experience that empowers people to unlock the value of used devices in a sustainable manner. We believe that an older device has more value being re-purposed out in the world than sitting in a drawer collecting dust. Our goal is to extend the life-cycle of technology, while reducing the impact on our environment and passing the value onto our customers    Responsibilities:  • Worked on an Agile (Scrum) Development Team to deliver regular updates to business team and project managers.  • Involved in designing and developing the webpages using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Bootstrap, SASS, LESS, React.js, Redux, Flex, Node JS and Mongo DB.  • Responsible to Style, look and feel of the webpage with SASS that extends CSS with dynamic behavior such as variable, mixing, operations and functions.  • Worked on React JS Virtual Dom and React views, rendering using components which contains additional components called custom HTML tags.  • Implemented various screens for the frontend using React.js and used various predefined components from NPM (Node Package Manager) and Redux library.  • Worked in using React JS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, Animations, and Flux concept.  • Used Node Package Manager (NPM) to manage modules & used it to install useful tools as Grunt, and Express.  • Developed the application on Node JS platform using JavaScript programming  • Implement modules into Node JS to integrate with designs and requirements.  • Developed single application to render dynamically based on the JSON from the Node JSserver.  • Fetch data from mongo DB using mongoose of Node.js  • Implemented stable React components and stand-alone functions to be added to any future pages.  • Responsible for React UI and architecture.  • Built components library, including Tree, Slide-View, and Table Grid.  • Used React JS for templating for faster compilation and developing reusable components.  • Used React-autocomplete for creating google maps location search on the webpage.  • Configured Web pack to execute linters, magnifiers, pre/post-processors, tests, transpires, etc. based on build target.  • Proficient in using React.JS for creating reusable components along with sliders, charts, grids and handling events and DOM objects.  • Utilized React for its efficient data flow architecture to create a lightweight and render efficient web app that searched projects via the GitHub API through keywords.  • Developed the React container and presentational components (as Stateless and Functional components when applicable).  • Developed the flux pattern by using redux framework as a core dependency.  • Worked on RESTful web services to integrate between Server side to Client Side  • Worked with Mocha Unit test framework to write unit tests for JavaScript code.  • Involved in complete SDLC - Requirement Analysis, Development, System and Integration Testing.  • Handled cross browser/platform compatibility issues (IE, Firefox, and Safari) on both Windows.  • Used JIRA to keep track of outstanding bugs to reduce downtime, increase productivity, and improve communication.    Environment:  HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, SASS, LESS, JavaScript, React JS, Redux, Flex, IntelliJ Idea, JSP, Notepad++, Sublime, OneJIRA, Mocha, GitHub, and Jenkins Web/UI Developer Baxter - Vernon Hills, IL February 2017 to April 2018 Baxter's mission to save and sustain lives inspires our work and our commitment to deliver products and services that are essential building blocks of healthcare. The business also provides products and services related to pharmacy compounding, drug formulation, and packaging technologies.    Responsibilities:  • Involved in complete SDLC - Requirement Analysis, Development, System and Integration Testing.  • Developed the UI layout and front- end programming (HTML) for web application that matched requirements.  • Used the functionalities to write code in HTML5/HTML, CSS3/CSS, Angular.js, JavaScript, JQuery, Ajax, JSON, and Bootstrap with MySQL database as the backend.  • Developed Web applications and Web Services using MVC4, Entity Framework, HTML5, CSS3, TypeScript, jQuery, NodeJS and AngularJS 2.0 and Angular 4/5  • Implemented model-view-controller (MVC) architecture and created single page application using Angular.JS Framework.  • Implemented AJAX call from Angular JS at client to Express JS at Node JS server.  • Developed CSS styles to maintain the uniformity of all the screens throughout the application and positioning of screen objects.  • Implemented the search functionality for Internal Application using AngularJS 1.2/4.  • Migrated All Backbone Based applications to AngularJs  • Creating cross-browser compatible web pages using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, and jQuery, AngularJS.  • Worked with different distributed teams as a part of the project and integrated the front end with the JSON data from the API calls.  • Worked closely with Business Analysts in understanding the technical requirements of each project and prepared the use cases for different functionalities and designs.  • Implemented different validation control on web-pages using Angular JS.  • Created dynamic web pages using jQuery and HTML5 features such as Canvas, Audio/Video, Local Storage, Article, and Navigation using with AngularJS Framework.  • Enhanced user experience designing new web features using MVC framework like Backbone.js, and Node.js.  • Built dynamically generated dropdown lists using Ajax, jQuery UI and Angular JS  • Created Directives, Controllers and Services by using AngularJS.  • Used jQuery for creating various widgets, data manipulation, data traversing, form validations, create the content on the fly depend on the user request, implemented Ajax features  • Developed page layouts, navigation, animation buttons and icons.  • Validated input values to make sure that they will be accepted before they are submitted to the server.  • Designed dynamic and browser compatible pages using HTML5/HTML, DHTML, CSS and JavaScript, AngularJS.  • Responsible for creating the screens with table-less designs meeting W3C standards.  • Followed MVC Structure to develop Application.  • Worked closely with team members to meet the client requirement.  • Hands on experience using the version controls like SVN and involved in build and release of the code including minification.  • Analyzing, Debugging and Fixing the Front- End UI issues assigned through Jira bug tracking tools.  • Used MongoDB along with Node.js, as a database to store JSON.  • Actively participate in agile methodology, day-to-day stand up meetings, status meeting, strong reporting and effective communication with project manager.    Environment:  HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, AngularJS, Node JS, Bootstrap, AJAX, JSON, XML, Java technologies, J2EE, JSP, JBOSS, Adobe Creative Suite, Dreamweaver, RESTful, Bracket, Eclipse, IntelliJ GIT, Jira Front End UI Developer SAIC - Alexandria, VA February 2016 to January 2017 SAIC has a strong commitment to supporting programs of national importance - helping to solve or undertake our country's most significant problems. We offer a broad range of services and solutions to address our customers' most complex and critical technology-related needs.    Responsibilities:  • Closely worked with the customer scrum to build the internal web application.  • Involved in various phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) of the application like Requirement gathering, Design, Analysis, Code development and estimating the time-line for the project.  • Developed UI layout and forms for widgets using JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3, jQuery and used JSON data format.  • Responsible for creating user interactive screens using Kendo UI, Bootstrap and AngularJS to develop style guides, Themes, Templates and interface design.  • Used AJAX & JSON to make asynchronous calls to the project server to fetch data on the fly.  • Extensive knowledge and working experience of web development technologies such as, JavaScript, jQuery UI, AngularJS, Angular2/4, HTML5, CSS3, SASS and Bootstrap.  • Implemented a search module within the billing page using AngularJS by consuming Restful web services.  • Configured Angular Route Module which provides $routeProvider to help create SPA.  • Used Bootstrap framework and Media Queries for developing customizable and Responsive Web Design (RWD) for compatibility with different platforms and screen sizes.  • Created custom directives for reusable components used across the application.  • Experience in building components with React.JS  • Developed single-page asynchronously data-driven UIs using AngularJS.  • Generated new and edited existing UI layouts with SASS (CSS Pre-processor) to accommodate new changes in website design.  • Created many controllers for each page, with dependencies such as $q, $location, $window, $routeParams and all services to be used on the controller.  • Implemented validation method for form input in web page using combination of normal HTML validator (use "novalidate", to bypass the normal HTML checking and handle them using ng-show, ng-hide, ng-disable) and specific AngularJS validator directive (ngRequired).  • Involved in the creation of interface to manage user menu and Bulk update of Attributes using React.JS and jQuery.  • Built highly modular HTML5 front end that built on React.JS optimizing for rendering performance.  • Implemented Restful web service in Grid Data and Menu for movies page under theatres for a smoother and faster experience to load the heavy images.  • Implemented AngularJS frameworks in AJAX-driven websites using proxy to get the data from the back- end in the form of JSON to populate on the UI components.  • Developed client-sides validation code and passing attributes from one screen to another using JavaScript, jQuery, and GIT/SVN validation plug-in.  • Took advantage of MVC pattern in AngularJS framework to create reusable widgets using Angular Directives.  • Took advantage of MVC pattern in AngularJS framework tom  • Used the Node.JS and Angular.JS MVC Frameworks in development of web applications.  • Enhanced user experience by designing new web features using MVC Framework like Angular.JS, Vue.JS, React.JS, and Node.JS  • Provided click through prototypes using HTML5, CSS3, and JSP Scripting for usability testing for Portal Control applications.  • Used GitHub for Version Control to track check-ins and rollback code.  • Worked with the User Experience team and product managers to identify and design features to enhance the usability of products and services.  • Developed E-commerce shopping cart and checkout functionality that requires complex rules and logic and integration with backend systems.  • Designed XML files for maintaining contents like video, images and audio and display them in flash application.  • Implemented user interface guidelines and standards throughout the development and maintenance of the website.  • Involved in Design, Development and Support of the application used AGILE methodology and participated in SCRUM meetings.  • Developing XML classes for loading the data from XML files deployed at the server.    Environment:  HTML5, CSS3, SASS, XML, Bootstrap, IntelliJ IDE, Java Script, GIT/SVN, Node.js, React.JS, AngularJS, Angular4, GIT, jQuery, JSP, Agile methodology, Eclipse Software Engineer Aadhityaa IT services Pvt. Ltd - IN February 2012 to April 2014 Samsung Electronics is a global leader in technology, opening new possibilities for people everywhere. Through relentless innovation and discovery, we are transforming the worlds of TVs, smartphones, wearable devices, tablets, digital appliances, network systems, medical devices, semiconductors and LED solutions. Samsung is also leading in the Internet of Things space through, among others, our Smart Home and Digital Health initiatives    Responsibilities:  • Worked on developing front end pages in a professional manner using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery and AJAX.  • Involved in all phases of Software Development Life Cycle including Requirements Gathering, System Analysis, System Design, Implementation, Testing and Maintenance.  • Implemented user interface guidelines and standards throughout the development and maintenance of website using HTML, CSS and JavaScript.  • Applied jQuery core library functions for the logical implementation of all applications at the client side.  • Developed UX design patterns and used jQuery and AJAX for service calls on pages to interact with the server for information.  • Used AJAX, JSON to send request to the server to check the functionality of website.  • Developed page layouts, navigation and presented designs and concepts to the clients and the management to review.  • Redesigned the existing site and created new interfaces using Eclipse/Notepad++ as code editor for designing pages.  • Faced Challenges and succeeded in integrating Angular applications with BackboneJs for Samsung Electronics Portals  • Created and optimized graphic prototype websites and application interfaces using HTML and CSS.  • Extensive experience on working with CSS Borders, CSS Layouts, CSS Positioning, CSS Animations, CSS Text, CSS Margin, CSS Padding, CSS Tables, Pseudo classes and Pseudo elements.  • Created SQL queries to perform insert, update or delete operations on MySQL database.  • Adopted a cross browser and cross platform approach to make the website more versatile and Supportive.  • Experience deploying code on Apache Tomcat server.  • Promoted the site, monitored error logs, and identified and resolved potential problems  • Integrate with middleware platform by consuming RESTful services using JSON  • Implemented different validation control on web-pages using JavaScript.  • Involved in debugging the application using firebug to traverse the documents and manipulated the nodes using DOM and DOM functions.  • Worked with QA team to fix the bugs, test the load and performance checking. Environment: HTML, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, JSON, Java, Eclipse3.5, Subversion.    Environment:  HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, JSON, XML, XHTML, Eclipse, Notepad++, Dreamweaver, Adobe Photoshop, MS Office and SVN Education Master's Stratford University Master's Sathyabama University - Chennai, Tamil Nadu Skills Angular, Front End, UI, React, Javascript