Workers Compensation Specialist Workers Compensation Specialist Front- End Web Developer Dallas, TX &amp; El Paso, TX Work Experience Workers Compensation Specialist ADP - El Paso, TX January 2019 to Present (ADP) Automatic Data Processing Insurance Agency - El Paso, TX - Full Time (January 2019 - Present)  • Assisted small business owners & policyholders with endorsement requests, general workers compensation policy inquiries, detailed billing explanations, general yearly audit information, as well as the claims process from beginning to end. Following interactions with each client included setting clear expectations regarding expected completion times & gaining any additional info needed.    • Provided detailed descriptions of each conversation with policyholders (email & phone), documenting and saving each into the company's system of choice.    • Substantial amounts of multitasking and precise punctuality endured throughout the role, due to working with 20-30 different claims & endorsements cases at a time which each require heavy amounts of precision and constant attention to detail.    • Interacted with 15-30 clients dail, providing the complete customer advocate experience. Showcased clear empathy and understanding when needed throughout interactions, while also taking the lead as the insurance expert and leading each client in the best direction. Front End Web Developer n/a Present ·       Experience building web applications as well as advanced knowledge working with the following programming languages: HTML, CSS, ES6, Javascript, React & Redux.  ·       Please follow the link to my Github account to view a few of my personal projects: https://github.com/briansterling93 GEICO Licensed Insurance Agent - Dallas, TX June 2017 to November 2018 • Assisted policyholders with detailed coverage explanations and clarifications, reviewing billing matters, constructing important underwriting decisions, filing claims, receiving & sending faxes and emails containing sensitive information, and creating detailed notes regarding each discussion with policyholders    • Duties included a significant amount of multitasking and precise attention to detail. A few daily activities also included making outbound calls to policyholders regarding potential underwriting concerns, claim updates and gaining critical missing information, and discussing different coverage concerns with policyholders.    • Interacted with 60-90 different policyholders daily. Emphasized maintaining advanced problem-solving mechanics and close attention to detail, ultimately providing each policyholder with complete customer advocacy. Policyholder requests ranged from coverage and billing matters to underwriting and policy renewal/non-renewal discussions    • A few highlights of my employment included becoming a GEICO Chairman Club member in September of 2017 & Feb 2018, as well as maintaining metrics within the top quartile within GEICO's Region 5 locations each month AT&T Representative ALORICA - El Paso, TX March 2015 to June 2017 • Duties included detailed billing discussions with account holders, providing advanced technical support, clarification of coverages, note taking throughout each interaction with account holders, informing account holders of company products, while maintaining excellent customer service    • My role included creating cases while following up later, heavy multitasking throughout each interaction, providing an advanced problem solving skillset, and expressing empathy and understanding throughout the needed situations.    • Received between 60-70 inbound calls daily. Account holder requests ranged from detailed billing review to selling of products and retention of account holders. Village Inn - El Paso, TX June 2014 to March 2015 Duties included heavy multitasking, paying close attention to detail in regards to each diners requests and remaining attentive to any concern that may have been present.