Sr. UI/ UX Developer Sr. UI/ UX <span class="hl">Developer</span> Sr. UI/ UX Developer - GTS Technology Solutions Austin, TX Work Experience Sr. UI/ UX Developer GTS Technology Solutions - Austin, TX June 2018 to Present Responsibilities:  • Responsible for creating the look and feel of the Internet/Intranet applications.  • Worked with designer who designed user interfaces and prototypes for a web based internal system.  • Worked on handlebars for templates, bower as package manager,  • Worked on front end pages that were developed in a professional manner using HTML, CSS, JavaScript and J Query.  • Worked extensively with HTML5 and CSS3 coding.  • Created React.js for reusable components (multi-field form elements, background file uploads  • Designed the table Less web applications using CSS and with the help of and tags as per W3C standards.  • Developed and implemented user interfaces as per latest W3C standards.  • Developed client side validation code using JavaScript and jQuery.  • Involved in Migrating the JDBC Code into Hibernate and implemented various features using Collection APIs.  • Hands on experience with various Application Servers and Web Servers including Tomcat server, WebSphere, Web logic, JBoss, Amazon Web Services(AWS)  • Creating cross browser compatible and standards compliant CSS based page layouts.  • Involved in fixing Front End issues with the layouts.  • Actively used XML (documents and transformations) for creating templates with dynamic data from XML file.  • Extensively used/modified jQuery to perform AJAX calls for creating interactive web pages on JSON response.  • Utilized Agile Methodologies (Scrum) to manage full life-cycle development of the project.  • Experience with Test Driven Development using Karma/Jasmine the Test Runners for Unit Testing.  • Working with Bootstrap twitter frame work to Design single page application.  • Converted the mock-ups into hand-written HTML, CSS (2/3), XHTML, JavaScript, D3, JQuery, AJAX, XML and JSON.  • Used Backbone.js and Require.js to create Views to hook up models to the DOM and synchronize data to/from server.  • Developed cross browser pages using CSS, HTML, DHTML, and JavaScript.  • Brief experience on implementing the AngularJS in creating animations based on CSS classes.  • Implemented applications using twitter Bootstrap framework.  • Coded pages with best Search Engine Optimization (SEO) techniques.  • Designed applications that execute on various browsers such as Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome, and Opera using various debugging tools like Firebugs/IE Developer Tools.    Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQUERY, AngularJS AJAX, Synergy, JSON, XML, ECLIPSE, SVN, Linux, Apache, ActiveMQ,PHP, and MySQL, Photoshop, Visual Design, Adobe Creative Cloud, Graphic Design. Front End Developer DKKD INC aka DKKD Staffing - Westlake Village, CA September 2016 to May 2018 Responsibilities:  • Developed Web Application front end using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, J Query and Angular JS.  • Used Ag-Grid for grid view, UI-Select for custom dropdowns and controls  • Migrated the existing J Query based web application to Angular.  • Integrated Spring with Hibernate for persistence with database  • Created various UI screens with in branding guidelines, Worked on transformation of design and interaction ideas into wireframes.  • Designed and documented user interface functionality in wireframe and writing.  • Followed Agile Software Development Methodology in the progress of the project.  • Worked with team to define UI framework for visualizations and Strategic UX Conceptualizations.  • Worked with Typescript (ES-6). Written unit test cases with Jasmine and karma and have some experience with Protractor for End to End testing.  • Used React flux to polish the data and for single directional flow.  • Extensively involved design discussions and user experience sessions to provide inputs on the layout and UX.  • Used HTTP, Observables and RxJS for the communication with the server  • Extensively used React JS, Node JS, Backbone JS, Angular JS, JavaScript, Typescript and J Query to provide UI functionality  • Involved in design of Class, Sequence & Event Diagrams as part of Documentation.  • Worked with a team for implementing strategic, tactical and creative solutions.  • Designed and developed the application to be responsive for desktop, mobile and tablets using Twitter Bootstrap (HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, and AngularJS).  • Used Bootstrap and AngularJS for effective design of Web pages.  • Worked on implementing directives and scope values using AngularJs for an existing webpage.  • Developed Grid using Angular Kendo UI-grid and added several features such as Pagination, Pinning and exporting functionalities to the UI grid.  • Wrote code to implement AJAX based applications be fetching the response from backend API as a part of JSON.  • Implement modules into node js to integrate with designs and requirements  • Attended day-to- day meeting, status meeting, and strong reporting developed the unit testing scripts using Jasmine for testing the JavaScript code and automation of the tasks with Grunt/Gulp.  • Used Node.js for server side code and Express.js as the framework. Written callback functions for the Restful API.  • Created AngularJS Controller Which Isolate scopes perform operations in UI.  • Used AngularJS framework where data from backend is stored in model and populated it to UI.  • Used services to read data from remote server using React.JS  • Used Node JS to develop the back end components, connect the application with the other web services.  • Used karma test runner and Jasmine for JavaScript unit testing  • Maintained Cross Browser compatibility & implement Responsive Design using Twitter Bootstrap, custom media queries, etc.  • Developing the sites for online trading using E-Commerce such as Electronic Data Exchange.  • Implemented responsive React components for different resolutions.  • Successfully performed the RESTful APIs Integration using XML and JSON.  • We have followed with Agile and scrum development methodologies  • Wrote the controller in Spring MVC which delegates the request from front end to the delegator layer and to make calls with backend systems.  • Created XHTML pages with CSS and the Box Model.  • Created AJAX calls using AngularJS to handle data operations including ordering & filtering.  • Created Gateway for inbound and outbound traffic such as web services (SOAP, REST) including mutual authentication.    Environment: HTML/HTML 5,RxJS, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, JSP, AJAX, JSON, XML, AngularJS, Dreamweaver CS5, SVN, Axure, React JS, Dreamweaver, Photoshop, Fireworks, Visio, Node JS, Wire Frame Works. UI/ UX Developer InfoVision, Inc - Richardson, TX May 2013 to August 2016 Responsibilities:  • Implemented user interface guidelines and standards throughout the development and maintenance of the website using JavaScript, J Query, CSS, and HTML.  • Provide UX expertise to outside groups on Web application development and implementation.  • Perform accessibility evaluations for websites. Create best practice guidelines that meet WCAG 2.0 AA standard.  • Created and maintained mapping files and transaction control in Hibernate.  • Migrating some of the applications from AngularJS 1 to Angular 2 and componentize the code as per the Angular recommendations for better testability  • Ability to rapidly prototype interface designs in hand-coded validating, standards-compliant, and semantically rich code and be aware of cross-browser compatibility and bugs.  • Worked one-on-one with client to develop layout, color scheme and layout for the website and implemented it into a final interface design with the HTML5/Bootstrap & Typescript.  • Worked on Angular 2.0 by consuming Restful web services & Used Angular 2.0 forms like Template Driven forms and Modern Driven (Reactive) forms to perform form validations both on server and client side.  • Created wireframes and designed the entire UI/ UX foundation  • Thorough understanding of the differences and bugs in various browsers and browser versions.  • Understanding of application development lifecycle methodologies.  • Knowledge of human factors and usability, best practices for interface design  • Strong communication, analytical and interpersonal skills working within cross-functional teams.  • Used tr-ng-grid to create data grid/ table Using AngularJS and Bootstrap.  • Developed AngularJS functionality in the application to provide two-way binding to the system.  • Used customized services and directives in AngularJS to develop dynamic and responsive webpages.  • Deep understanding of JavaScript and the J Query framework.  • Created and optimized graphic prototype websites and applications interfaces using HTML and CSS.  • Involved in write application level code to interact with APIs, Web Services using AJAX, JSON and XML.  • Developed Custom Tag Libraries for the use in web pages by using JSTL packages for the development of the Web Pages.  • Involved in close UI/Server Integration using rest calls for grid related get/save call    Environment: HTML 4/5, CSS2/3, JavaScript, jQuery,Java, AJAX, JSON, Angular.JS, Twitter bootstrap, backbone JS, require JS, XML, JSP, Eclipse, React JS,Adobe Dreamweaver, PHP, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Site Catalyst and MS Office. UI Developer SR International Inc - Naperville, IL January 2010 to April 2013 Responsibilities:  • Involved in the development of programming user interface design and front- end (HTML) for the Web application using HTML, Java Script & CSS to the requirements of the client.  • Coordination of project activities and ensure that all project phases are followed and properly documented.  • Developed non-functional HTML, CSS pages from the mock ups and involved in UI review with UI architect and Business Units.  • Involved in developing and designing backend Java beans using OOPS.  • Worked on responsive web design concepts, developed a single responsive website that could be served to both desktop and mobile users using Bootstrap framework.  • Write code to fetch data from Web services using JQUERT AJAX via JSON response and updating the HTML pages.  • Involved in writing application level code to interact with RESTful Web APIs, Web Services using AJAX, JSON and jQuery.  • Developed GUI using JavaScript, HTML/HTML5, AJAX, CSS and jQuery in ongoing projects.  • Used jQuery to make the frontend components interact with the JavaScript functions to add dynamism to the web pages at the client side.  • Created an on -the-fly configuration changes set up, with application saved in node.js.  • Linked web page with social websites with feedback features by using JavaScript.  • Used the responsive utilities of the Bootstrap frameworks to facilitate the design displaying properly on different devices.  • Committed code change into repository by using version control tool SVN.  • Responsible for introducing an increased quality standard for web page design and maintain quality with innovative internal solutions.  • Ensured Web Content is in compliance with W3C and Section 508 accessibility standards.  • Interacted with User Experience teams to understand customer needs to design online user experiences, ensuring ease of navigation and simplicity of design.    Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, JSON, D3.js, Node.js, AJAX, XML, XHTML, SVN, Chrome Inspector, SASS, Angular JS, Bootstrap IE Tester, Jasmine, Firebug, Apache Education Bachelor's Skills C#, C/c++, C++, Git, Javascript, Bootstrap, Json, Php, Subversion, Svn, Vb.net, Visio, Xml, Xsl, Xslt, Ajax, Asp, Cold fusion, Dhtml, Dreamweaver Links http://@Route Additional Information Skills  Ajax (9 years), Bootstrap (9 years), Html5 (9 years), Javascript (9 years), jquery. (9 years)    Technical Skills:    Languages C/C++, Data Structures, PHP 5/4, XML, CSS3, CSS2, JAVA SCRIPT, jQuery, AJAX, HTML5, DHTML,C#,Vb.net.  Web Technologies  HTML4/5, CSS2/3, JavaScript, DHTML, XHTML, Bootstrap, AJAX, JSON, ASP.NET, SPRITES, LESS, SASS, XML, JSON, XSL, XPath, XSLT, and Flex Builder 2.0/3.0, Responsive Web Design, Cold Fusion, Google Analytics, Infogix Assure.    Web/App Servers WebLogic 10/9, JBoss, Tomcat 7/6/5, WebSphere  Web Services SOAP, REST, WSDL, XML, JSON, XSD  Version Control Tools CVS, SVN, GIT, Subversion, Clear Case, SourceSafe, CMS  IDE  Sublime Text, webstrom, Eclipse, Notepad++, XML Spy, Dream viewer, Adobe Dreamweaver CS5, Adobe Contribute CS5, Adobe Presenter and Adobe Captivate    Databases Oracle 9i/10g, SQL Server, MS Access and MySQL  Frameworks Angular JS, Backbone JS, Ext JS, Ember JS, Underscore JS, React JS, Dojo.  Testing Tools Jasmine, Mocha, Karma, Protractor, NPM, Bower, Grunt, Gulp, Testem, Phantom.js, Winn Runner, Load Runner, HP QTP  Desktop Tools Acrobat Writer, MS Office, Photoshop, MS Visio,    Operating Systems Windows, UNIX, Linux, Mac