Front End /Web / UI Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> /Web / UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End /Web / UI Developer - Xenial Charlotte, NC • Senior Front- End Web/UI Developer with more than 7+ years of extensive experience in developing web applications using Web technologies  • 7+ years of experience in full Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) that includes Analyzing, Designing, Coding, Testing, implementation & Production Support.  • 7+ Years of experience in Web Programming specializing in Front- end development (both mobile and web including responsive web design).  • 3+ Years solid experience in AngularJS, AJAX and Bootstrap.  • Extensive expertise in client-side scripting languages like JavaScript, jQuery, AngularJS, AJAX, Bootstrap, Backbone, Require.js.  • Proficient in building Web User Interface using HTML, HTML5, CSS and CSS3 following W3C Web Standards for browser compatibility.  • Capable of building 3-tier architecture sites using various JavaScript frameworks for linking presentation layer to application layer and using JSON or XML as data-exchange format.  • Efficient in designing and presenting multiple concepts and iterations around user interaction models, workflows, wireframes, screen flows, mockups and prototypes.  • Extensive experience in creating style guides, best practices and setting UI standards for enterprise/consumer applications.  • Participation in Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) preparing Requirement Specification documents, design documents, Test cases and Analysis, User Training documents and Technical Help documents.  • Widely used SCRUM / Agile methodology for the software development process.  • Capable of quickly learning and delivering solutions as an individual and as part of a team.  • 7+ Years Web 2.0 application development experience  • 5+ Years bootstrap Responsive design on web development.  • Experience with Web 2.0 User Interfaces; W3C standards and specifications, and user-centered design principles  • 7+ years of experience using Action Script and Java Script frameworks like JQuery  • Self-motivated Team player with excellent interpersonal and communicational skills. Work Experience Front End /Web / UI Developer Xenial - Charlotte, NC June 2016 to Present Xenial brings smartphone ease-of-use and convenience to restaurant and retail management. The complexity of traditional POS transformed into a downloadable, cloud-powered app that can run on lots of different hardware, switch channels at the touch of a button, and won't miss a beat even if the internet goes down.  Responsibilities:  • Involved in full life cycle of the application design, development and testing  • Worked closely with the end users / business analysts to gather the requirements of the project and was responsible for the delivery of technical design document and implementation  • Used front end web development tools HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Typescript, Bootstrap, Angular JS, Angular2/4 to design UI  • Worked in Agile Environment and attended meetings regularly to show the functionalities implemented and worked closely with business analyst and solution architect  • Moved existing AngularJS controllers and services to Angular 2 components for more responsive and less dependency.  • Developed single page applications using Angular 2/4, Typescript, web pack and grunt.  • Hands on Experience on Angular 2 technology for one complete project in rebasing the UI of the application using the techniques in Angular 2  • Designed the architecture and user interfaces as the requirements using use cases  • Worked on Custom Renderers to get the native look and feel for the application  • Created Portable class Library for targeting specific platform and used interfaces to provide platform specific functionalities  • Used different Angular built in services for all data access, encapsulating URLs and Standardizing data access interfaces  • Used Selenium WebDriver for the application testing  • Developed back end web services using Node JS and stored dependencies using NPM  • Added user validations and user permissions by using the Node.js.  • Used Node.js and Express.js to develop the relevant back end REST API  • Knowledge in configuring Cloud platform such as VMs, Azure AD, Web Apps, DB's, Cloud Services, etc.  • Experienced on creating and managing Azure VM, VMware tools, Cloud Services, and Storages.  • Experienced with deployments, maintenance and troubleshooting applications on Azure Cloud.  • Used Node.js and Express.js to develop the relevant back end REST API  • Knowledge in configuring Cloud platform such as VMs, Web Apps, DB's, Cloud Services, etc.  • Experienced on creating and managing Azure VM, VMware tools, Cloud Services, and Storages.  • Creating and managing Azure Web-Apps and providing the access permission or Authorization to Microsoft Accounts.  • Extensively Worked on CSS Background, CSS Positioning, CSS Text, CSS Border, CSS Margin, CSS Sprites, CSS Padding, CSS Table, Pseudo Elements & Classes, and CSS Behaviors in CSS.  • Involved in agile software methodologies using TEST DRIVEN DEVELOPMENT(TDD)  • Involved in deploying the course in the LMS and testing  • Experience in unit testing by using Karma and Mocha  • Worked on Agile methodology with one of the most flexible Agile project management tool JIRA  • Used Rest API's for the communication between SQLite and SQL server  • Involved in testing and fixed the issues occurred during the testing process.  Environment: Angular2/4, AWS, LAMBDA, JSON, Web API, Shell scripting (Bash/ corn), Web Service, Java Script, AngularJS , AJAX LESS, SASS, GRUNT, Jasmine, SVN, GitHub, GitLab, XML Front End /Web / UI Developer Bank of America - Charlotte, NC June 2016 to May 2017 • Bank of America is all about providing people, companies and institutional investors the financial products and services they need to help achieve their goals at every stage of their financial lives.  • The project is to create a web application for banking department. The application implements User login, Customer searching, Customer information, Bill pay, Transfers, open an account, Special Offers & Deals, Tools & Investing, Help & Support and Account Settings. The system satisfied attractive, easy-to-understand screens that appropriate satisfied the basic operation of banking.  Responsibilities:  • Involved in developing Front- end presentation using HTML, CSS3, SASS, HTML5, JavaScript, ES2015, jQuery and AngularJS  • Developed various generic JavaScript functions used for validations  • Developing and designing SPA user interfaces in Angular.js.  • Worked on Front end by using Angular Js, JavaScript  • Used Angular.js for connecting the API's using Angular.js $http service  • Designed dynamic and multi-browser compatible pages using HTML, CSS, Angular.js & JavaScript  • Defined new validations through AngularJS for the form field validation implemented through HTML5  • Used AngularJS multiple in-built directives such as filters, root scope, scope, modal, template, state etc.  • Developed screens using HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, ES2015, JQuery, AngularJS and AJAX  • Used AJAX extensively to implement front end /user interface features in the application  • Worked in all the modules of the application, which involved front- end presentation logic developed using HTML5, CSS3, and AngularJS  • Used AJAX, JSON to send request to the server to check the functionality of the website and the online application by using Core Java (OOPS), JDBC, JSP, Servlets, Web Services  • Parsed JSON data and displayed it in the frontend screens using AngularJS  • Connected server and database to update data information with Node.js and MongoDB  • Used Node.js and Grunt for front end builds  • Created RESTful services with Node.js and Express for Management Services  • Successful integration of the front and back end with server side using Node JS  • Worked with modules like MongoDB and mongoose for database using Node.js to interact with Mongo DB  • Developed Mean Stack from scratch including Mongo DB server setup and Express JS server development  • Worked with Express JS for development of RESTful web services and middleware configurations  • Involved in working with Micro services  • Developed on MVC framework providing very clean division between controllers, flexibility with the use of interfaces and providing thin web layer over business layer  • Developing the RESTful APIs dynamically using Java, Spring rest Template / Spring MVC. JAXB to support XML and JSON response formats  • Used SOAP UI tool to test the REST web service operations  • Worked closely with QA team and fixed QA bugs as well as production issues with a quick turnaround time.  • Used Jasmine & Karma for Unit testing AngularJS  • Focused on Test Driven Development; thereby creating detailed JUnit tests for every single piece of functionality before writing the functionality  • Used Eclipse, Spring Tool Suite (STS) to develop and debug application code  • Experience with Git Extensions and Git Bash  • Worked on Agile methodology with one of the most flexible Agile project management tool JIRA  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, LESS, JavaScript, ES2015, AngularJS, Java, GIT, GIT bash, JIRA, Grunt, Node.js, Express JS, Firebug, Chrome developer tools, TDD, XML, AJAX, Bootstrap, MongoDB, NoSQL, Mongoose, Passport.js, JWT. Front End /Web / UI Developer Rutgers University - Piscataway, NJ March 2016 to June 2016 • The project involved creating the entire Sales Express iPad Hybrid Application with open source initiative. This is internal application including different product developing. The website uses My SQL DB/ JavaScript / JQuery and AJAX / Java features extensively. The Website has rich HTML / CSS / Mobile JQuery.    • Developed fully functional responsive website based on requirements using HTML/HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript and JQuery, AngularJS.  • Enhanced the website using various web technologies like HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, and Angular JS, AJAX, twitter Bootstrap.  • Developed design specifications, website architecture and web application based on the provided functional requirements and design layout.  • Followed Agile Practices for developing the application  • Developed SPA apps using AngularJS.  • Utilized AngularJS to interact with RESTful Web services (JAVA Based API methods) and used JSON for exchanging data.  • Leveraged AngularJS resources for all data access, encapsulating URLs and standardizing data access interfaces.  • Used Jasmin Framework for unit testing AngularJS application  • Used AngularJS Promises for multiple asynchronous operations and exception handling.  • Exercised AngularJS controllers to control and exchange the data to and from backend and AngularJS scopes to display the data.  • Responsible for enhancing page layouts, navigation, animation buttons and icons using AngularJS directives.  • Refactored, re-architected, and enhanced an existing AngularJS application to follow strict MVC patterns for improved source code maintenance.  • Responsible for creating UI using Web 2.0 standards and meeting W3C standards.  • Exercised JQuery for client side validation on multiple web forms.  • Made sure the website is cross-browser compatible.  • Committed code changes into repository by using Git.  • Used W3C CSS validator to check markup validity.  • Conducted unit testing with Firebug, Chrome Debugger, IE Tester and end-to- end testing on supported browsers and devices.  • Communicated with Project Manager, Designing and Marketing Team to understand the requirements for development and specifications.  • Worked on the website from start to finish to give it a new look using HTML5/CSS/JavaScript.  • Responsible for creating the screens with table-less designs meeting W3C standards.  • Developed fast loading images using Adobe Photoshop CS3.  • Developed CSS styles to maintain the uniformity of all the screens throughout the application and positioning of screen objects.  • Applied industry best practices and standards when project requirements are lagging.  • Designed CSS based page layouts that are cross-browser compatible and standards-compliant.  • Used MySQL queries for backend testing. UI Developer Front End /Web December 2015 to March 2016 The project involved creating the entire Sales Express iPad Hybrid Application with open source initiative. This is internal application including different product developing. The website uses HandlebarJs/ SpringFramwork/ Oracle DB/ JavaScript / JQuery and AJAX / Java / JSP features extensively. The Website has rich HTML / CSS / Mobile JQuery.  Responsibilities:  • Involved in writing Spring Configuration XML, file that contains declarations and business classes are wired-up to the frontend-managed beans using Spring IOC pattern.  • Implemented HTML, Java Script for client side validation, designed various web pages for the presentation layer, handled Hibernate to generate the connectivity for the business logic.  • Involved in designing the user interfaces using Struts Tiles Framework, HTML, JSP.  • Designed the Front- end screens using JSF, HTML, CSS.  • Used Java Servlets, JSPs, AJAX, XML, HTML and CSS for developing the Web component of the application.  • Responsible for creating the screens with table-less designs meeting W3C standards.  • Made sure the website is cross-browser compatible.  • Responsible for creating UI using Web 2.0 standards and meeting W3C standards.  • Used the responsive utilities of the Bootstrap frameworks along with CSS media queries to facilitate the design displaying properly on different devices.  • Used AJAX to implement some customizations which required dynamic behavior like controls dependent on user value selection on some other controls.  • Developed web pages using HTML/CSS and JavaScript.  • Software is built as a web app on Node.js with Backbone.js. CSS is compiled with LESS and HTML template engine is Jade.  • Developed single page application with Angular JS.  • Good experience in JavaScript frameworks Angular.js, Node.js, Backbone.js, Require.js, Ext.js, knockout.js and JQuery especially AJAX driven web applications.  • Responsible for the implementation of Web Design based on CSS3, HTML5, and Bootstrap Front- End Framework.  • Worked on the modernization of a legacy and outsourced UI. Technologies used were Backbone.js, Can.js, and JQuery  • Developed the UI panels using JSF, XHTML, CSS, DOJO and JQuery.  • Exercised jQuery for client side validation on multiple web forms.  • Developed static and dynamic Web Pages using JSP, HTML and CSS.  • Built a RESTful API to save and retrieve geolocations using a remote server in Java using spring, MongoDB, Apache CXF, and JAX-RS.  • Design and implementation of desktop, mobile and web applications in Java and HTML5/Javascript using Eclipse, NetBeans, and Xcode IDE's; Swing, GWT, JPA, Hibernate, Phone Gap frameworks; and SVN, git, maven source code environments.  • Using all events on ipad and utilizing all native functionality on iPad using Javascript.  • Used AngularJS as the development framework to build a single-page application.  • Creating web services from sever side Using NodeJS, creating package with NodeJS.  • Utilized AngularJS controllers to control and exchange the data to and from backend and AngulasJS scopes to display the data.  • Committed code changes into repository by using version control SVN.  • Conducted unit testing with Firebug, Chrome Debugger, IE Tester and end-to- end testing on supported browsers and devices.  • Worked on the website from start to finish to give it a new look using HTML5/CSS/Javascript.  • Designed dynamic and browser compatible pages using HTML5/HTML, DHTML, CSS 3.0 and JavaScript.  • Developed fast loading images using Adobe Photoshop CS3.  • Developed CSS styles to maintain the uniformity of all the screens throughout the application and positioning of screen objects.  • Developed page layouts, navigation, animation buttons and icons.  • Designed CSS based page layouts that are cross-browser compatible and standards-compliant.  • Did extensive JavaScript and JQuery programming to give AJAX functionality for the website.  • Followed Agile Practices for developing the application.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, AngularJS, Bootstrap, JSON, MVC, SVN, Web Services, W3C Standards. Front End /Web / UI Developer AT&T - Middletown, NJ February 2014 to November 2015 The project involved creating the entire Sales Express iPad Hybrid Application with open source initiative. This is internal application including different product developing. The website uses HandlebarJS/ SpringFramwork/ Oracle DB/ JavaScript / JQuery and AJAX / Java / JSP features extensively. The Website has rich HTML / CSS / Mobile JQuery.  Responsibilities:  • Developed the frontend of the business application using various web technologies like HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, and jQuery, AJAX, AngularJS and Bootstrap.  • Using all events on ipad and utilizing all native functionality on ipad using Javascript.  • Used AngularJS as the development framework to build a single-page application.  • Responsible for creating UI using Web 2.0 standards and meeting W3C standards.  • Creating web services from sever side Using NodeJS, creating package with NodeJS.  • Exercised jQuery for client side validation on multiple web forms.  • Utilized AngularJS controllers to control and exchange the data to and from backend and AngulasJS scopes to display the data.  • Used the responsive utilities of the Bootstrap frameworks along with CSS media queries to facilitate the design displaying properly on different devices.  • Made sure the website is cross-browser compatible.  • Committed code changes into repository by using version control SVN.  • Conducted unit testing with Firebug, Chrome Debugger, IE Tester and end-to- end testing on supported browsers and devices.  • Worked on the website from start to finish to give it a new look using HTML5/CSS/Javascript.  • Responsible for creating the screens with table-less designs meeting W3C standards.  • Designed dynamic and browser compatible pages using HTML5/HTML, DHTML, CSS 3.0 and JavaScript.  • Developed fast loading images using Adobe Photoshop CS3.  • Developed CSS styles to maintain the uniformity of all the screens throughout the application and positioning of screen objects.  • Developed page layouts, navigation, animation buttons and icons.  • Designed CSS based page layouts that are cross-browser compatible and standards-compliant.  • Did extensive JavaScript and JQuery programming to give AJAX functionality for the website.  • Followed Agile Practices for developing the application.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, AngularJS, Bootstrap, JSON, MVC, SVN, Web Services, W3C Standards. Web / UI/ Front End developer ADP - Florham Park, NJ June 2012 to December 2013 Responsibilities:  • Worked on the website from start to finish to give it a new look using HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, and HandlebarJs  • Created Mobile Web Solutions using Responsive Web Design (RWD), and JQuery Mobile.  • To make the website faster and dynamic, various tools were used such as AJAX, CSS Sprites, browser caching, etc.  • Utilized handlebar.js MVC framework to give structure to the website, by creating models that would talk to the Restful Interface.  • Doing all validation from user input and doing validation as per business requirements.  • Wrote extensive jQuery code to perform validation and CSS manipulation.  • Utilized jQuery UI to create various UI components like accordion menu, Calendar, Progress bar, tooltips and various other animations.  • Resolved Cross-browser compatibility issues.  • Used JIRA tool for task assignment, bug tracking and fixture. Responsible for conceptualization, design and development of the web pages.  • Developed fast loading images using Adobe Photoshop CS3.  • Designed dynamic and browser compatible pages using HTML, DHTML, CSS and JavaScript.  • Developed page layouts, navigation, animation buttons and icons.  • Designed CSS based page layouts that are cross-browser compatible and standards-compliant.  • Worked on the website from start to finish to give it a new look using HTML/CSS/Javascript.  Environment:JavaScript, AJAX, JQuery, jQuery UI, jQuery mobile, HTML5, CSS3, JSON, MVC, RWD, JIRA, W3C standards, cross browser compatibility. Web Developer Verizon - Piscataway, NJ March 2010 to May 2012 Responsibilities:  • Developed the UI user interface pages using HTML, DHTML, CSS, JSON, JavaScript, JQuery, and Ajax.  • Used JQuery core libraries for the logical implementation part at the client side of the website.  • Involved in writing JQuery based Ajax requests using jquery.get (url, data, success, type) and jquery.post (url, data, success, type).  • Used JQuery events to manipulate the elements based on the user interaction like ready (), hover (), click (), mouseover () and keypress ().  • Used JQuery to traverse through the DOM and access the nodes.  • Used JQuery plugins for Drag and Drop, widgets, menus, forms and user interfaces.  • Performed client side validations with customized error messages using JavaScript.  • Debugged the application using Firebug and traversed through the nodes of the tree using DOM functions.  • Used SVN for version control and Clear Quest for defect tracking.  • Successfully executed the entire test cases and fixed any bugs that arose at the test level.  • Participated in bug fixing with QA team, which involved cross browser testing as well as load and performance checking.  Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, Ajax, DOM, JSON, Google Analytics, SEO techniques, UI layouts, Wireframes, FRD specs. Education Masters of Science in Computer Science University of North America Skills AJAX (7 years), CSS (7 years), JAVASCRIPT (7 years), JSON (7 years), UI (7 years), React, Front End, Front-End, Angular, CSS3 Additional Information Technical skills:  • JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, AngularJS, jQuery UI, HTML, HTML5, CSS, CSS3, Bootstrap, HandlebarJs, jQuery Mobile, JSON, XML, SOAP/REST, JSP, JAVA, Spring, MySQL, MVC, Agile Software Development, Responsive Design, Google Maps API, Git/SVN etc.