Front- end Software Developer <span class="hl">Front</span>-<span class="hl">end</span> Software <span class="hl">Developer</span> Leander, TX Front end developer with almost 2 years' experience developing, implementing, and releasing high-quality  responsive applications for one of the fortune 500 company utilizing top tools like Angular and React.  Developed an internal website in tight deadlines supporting 20k users daily, saving company $1 billion+  dollars by providing a landing page for the company's data consumption and reporting purpose. 3 years of  experience as a platform engineer managing a team of 5 people, enabling a content analytical tool that saved  the company $800k per year, increasing productivity by 50%.    Core competencies include Software Development, Product Design, Product Management, Risk  Management, Process Improvement, Project Management, Forecasting, Budgeting, Conflict resolution,  Mentorship, On-call support, and Team Management.    CAREER HIGHLIGHTS  • Lead front- end developer to develop external data licensing platform (a revenue-generating project)  from scratch utilizing React, Material-UI, Bootstrap, and Node.js.  • Deployed an internal custom application primarily using angular that provided $1 billion+ in business  benefit.  • Managed Watson platform saving the company $800k per year, increasing productivity by 50%.  • Implemented an improved process to track and manage the projects, improving the missed deadline  turnover rate by 3%. Work Experience Front- end Software Developer General Motors - Austin, TX November 2017 to Present Primarily responsible to develop and implement highly custom single page applications.  • Built the applications and its features with UI accessibility, performance optimization, cross-browser  compatibility and caching thus, improving user experience and maintaining user-centric design (UCD)  • Worked closely with Product Owner, UX Designers and other developers in a highly-collaborative  environment thus increasing the customer satisfaction rate by 20%.  • Self-starter to learn React and conducted a POC to test its performance against Angular in 3 weeks.  • Delivered an MVP for external customer-facing application within 4 weeks to sanction the project.  • Implemented test-driven development methods, supporting an end to end tests improving bug  turnover rate by 30%.  • Deployed and used libraries and tools such as jQuery, AngularJS/NodeJS, ReactJS, Chart.JS, JSON, XML  • Worked with team sizes from 5-20 people in a highly agile environment.  • Front- end development technologies: Angular (5.0, 6.0), Angular Material, React, ES6, Babel, Material-UI, Bootstrap, TypeScript, JavaScript, CSS3, Saas, CSS Module and HTML5.  • Other tools/technologies: TFS, bitbucket, SSMS, SQL DB, Git, GitHub, Postman, Amazon S3, WinSCP Product Manager General Motors - Austin, TX May 2017 to November 2017 Primarily responsible for establishing a focused shared vision among stakeholders and product owners.  • Focused on aligning priorities, defining new features, improving user experience and driving roadmap  discussions thus driving up the user turnover rate by 33%.  • Worked closely with business users and stakeholders to understand their need, prioritize the backlog  considering the on-time delivery on each release while satisfying business needs.  • Led effort for marketing and promoting the product, driving workshops, educating users on release  contents and defining release scopes, adding additional 10k users within 6 months period.  • Analyzed consumption metrics of each feature/area to measure the success of their deployments.  • Worked with developers during the development cycle by analyzing their wireframes to see if they  have met user acceptance criteria improving successful deployment rate by 2 times.  • Worked with a cross-functional team to integrate new tools/platforms with the product. Lead Platform Engineer General Motors - Austin, TX June 2014 to May 2017 Watson Platform Lead Engineer: 3 years' experience in supporting Watson Explorer Content  Analytics (WEX) software  • Managed a content analytic platform that helped 400+ business users mine unstructured data and get  meaningful insights within an hour or two, saving a million dollars/year for the company.  • Installed and upgraded WEX on 200+ VM's with distributed architecture to support millions of rows of data with application of complex ontologies.  • Worked directly with WEX developers located in Japan to enable multi-tenancy capability along with its integration with Big Insight, Cognos and Teradata thus making the application enterprise efficient.  • Partnered with performance optimization team to expand and customize the vendor proposed  architecture improving performance on the indexing job by 3x.  • Built a disaster recovery environment hitting the 5-star compliance for the application.  • Enabled auto push of the application to user's computer along with Active Directory integration to manage user access achieving 30% reduction in overall support demand.  • Stood up new Watson v12 in Docker containers improving performance by 10x.  • Ingested custom annotations developed in Watson Knowledge Studio into WEX collections thus  providing business more meaningful insight.  • Deployed several custom shell scripts to automate several processes within Watson to enable proper  monitoring system to hit 99.5% uptime every year.  • Mentored new staff members and taught them how to administer and build new environments.  • Met zero breaches consecutively for 3 years under my on-call assignment. Education MBA in Project Management Louisiana State University May 2019 B.S. in Computer Science Texas State University May 2014 Skills Angular, Front End, Javascript, UI, User Interface, React, Front-End, Angularjs Certifications/Licenses Six Sigma Green Belt December 2018 to December 2023