Developer <span class="hl">Developer</span> Developer - Teleflora, OK Jersey City, NJ ? Over 6+years of extensive experience in software development life cycle (SDLC) in developing and designing user experiences of Internet/Intranet applications using HTML5, HTML, XHTML XML CSS, CSS3, PHP, JavaScript, jQuery MeetingW3C standards.  ? Proven track record in Graphic and User Experience Design and Transforming Web/Graphic Designers static prototypes into hand-coded HTML, specifically emphasizing accuracy and efficiency & adhering to W3C-established web standards with respect to maintaining cross-browser/cross-platform compatibility and delivering final page templates, including optimized images.  ? Good knowledge of latest version of object-oriented JavaScript Libraries like Angular.js, Node.js, Bootstrap, EXTJS 4.0, and  ? Extensive use of Angular JS for developing the SPAs (Single Page Applications) for internal application/tool & involved designing in web pages using HTML 5, CSS3, JavaScript, Bootstrap, SASS, LESS, React.js, Redux, Flex, Mongo DB.  ? Created dynamic web pages using AngularJS framework. Worked on two-way, one-way data binding, built-in components and developed single page applications using Angular JS.  ? Created Angular 4 Directives, Components, Pipes, Injectables across the whole system, such as build the custom filter and the main assortment dashboard.  ? Worked on Angular JS features like Two Way Binding, Custom Directives, Controllers, Filters, Services and Project Architecture, React JS features like Components, Lifecycle methods, and unidirectional data flow using the Flux Architecture.  ? Well-experienced with User Experience, Usability, Visual Design, Users, Customers, Communication, Relationship, and Business Value.  ? Experience with Responsive Web Design and Bootstrap.  ? Expertise in designing and developing User Experiences for Web Applications using Web Authoring tools such as Adobe Dreamweaver CS3, Adobe Illustrator, and Adobe Flash.  ? High level of expertise in CSS pixel-level layout, Consistency with browsers, Version and Platform Independence.  ? Expert in working with cutting edge front- end technologies/ framework and libraries like JQuery, Prototype, (X)HTML, DHTML, JavaScript, JSON, DOM, CSS, XML/XSLT, AJAX.  ? Extensive experience in various UI widgets using JavaScript libraries (JQuery) and developing Rich Internet Applications RIA.  ? Worked with Angular 4 features like Router Param Map and Animations.  ? Experienced in data driven-UI component where a single application serves as the website for multiple customers.  ? Good knowledge of using JavaScript testing frameworks, Jasmine, Protractor and QUnit.  ? Skilled at analysing and solving browser compatibility challenges and possesses ability to maintain consistency and well commented HTML and CSS mark-up.  ? Worked with Agile waterfall and scrum methodology.  ? Experience in using Web Services like SOAP protocol in JAXWS and RESTFUL web services Proficient in Object Oriented Design/Development (OOD), Object Oriented Analysis and Design (OOAD), Model View Control (MVC) design pattern and Test-Driven Development (TDD).  ? Configured Karma and Jasmine for the Frontend unit test coverage.  ? Well versed with build tools like Gulp, Grunt, Webpack.  ? Experienced in writing styles using CSS preprocessors like SASS, LESS  ? Understands the front- end dependency managers and used tools like Bower  ? Used React-Router to turn application into Single Page Application & worked in using React JS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, Animations and Flux concept.  ? Created Angular2 Directives, Components, Pipes, Injectables across the whole system, such as build the custom filter and the main assortment dashboard.  ? Proficient in building Web User Interface (UI) using HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript and MVC frameworks - AngularJS  ? Developed the angular application from scratch using Angular-CLI & ES6 features, used babble, web pack with ES5, React js.  ? Worked with Angular 4 features like Router Param Map and Animations.  ? Working Knowledge of Angular 5/7. Work Experience Developer Teleflora, OK July 2016 to Present Teleflora is a floral wire service company which brokers orders to local florists for delivery. It has been a subsidiary of The Wonderful Company since 1979. Headquartered in Los Angeles, California, Teleflora, LLC is a clearinghouse for transmitting and processing floral orders to customers throughout the United States and internationally. As a UI developer I was responsible to enhance existing UI using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Twitter Bootstrap 3, AngularJS, jQuery, Ajax.  Responsibilities:  • Closely worked with business system analyst to understand the requirements to ensure that right set of UI modules been built.  • Wrote application level code to perform client-side validation using JQUERY and JavaScript.  • Designed the front- end applications, user interactive (UI) web pages using web technologies like HTML5, XHTML, and CSS.  • Involved in writing the front- end code for the application using Angular 4.  • Worked on Creating an Angular Application using an MVC framework.  • Utilized Angular framework to bind Angular template(views) to JavaScript object(models)  • Created features like dropdown list, search function and card model by using Angular material.  • Used HTML5 and Angular format the input forms and handled the input validations.  • Designed and developed the Presentation layer using Angular 4 and Angular Material.  • Built factories to utilize AngularJS services such as $http and $resource to consume the Restful APIs for data parsing from based backend server.  • Used AngularJS framework for building web-apps and is highly efficient with PHP framework as well as using Restful services.  • Developed digital card single page application using Angular4, HTML5, CSS3, and Bootstrap, JavaScript, JSON.  • Developed Angular Directives to extend the grammar of the web through reusable HTML elements, attributes, and classes.  • Developed Angular Filters to manipulate text within HTML views.  • Developed Angular services for reusable functionality.  • Designed responsive webpage using Bootstrap grid system to layout contents that fit different devices including mobile, tablet and desktop.  • Developed CSS media queries to make the application responsive website design (RWD).  • Worked on the optimization of the CSS files using CSS pre-processors SASS and LESS.  • Created custom-directives and custom-filters for data manipulations (DOM) and to display data in company standard format in UI.  • Worked with Adaptive web-designing and developing CSS Media Queries in order to make the application compatible with iPad (Landscape and Portrait) and PC.  • Performed UNIT testing with Jasmine.  • Involved in writing application level code to interact with APIs, Web Services using AJAX, JSON and XML.  • Developed a real-time collaborative module in node.js that enabled users to create real-time block diagrams.  • Developed HTML prototypes and UI deliverables, such as wireframes, screen mock-ups, and interface design.  • Experience and expertise in Angular 4 by developing individual components.  • Validating user actions on the client side and providing responsive feedback by using Angular 4.  • Worked on Angular 4 components for the separation of concerns.  • Used React JS for the responsive design in user components.  • Involved in designing mock-ups for the Angular 4 component development.    Environment: HTML5, CSS2/3, JavaScript, JQUERY, Angular 4/5/7, AJAX, JSON, Eclipse, Dreamweaver, HTML 4, JQuery, NodeJS, Angular.JS, Ajax, Bootstrap, JSON, Rest web services. Front End/UI Developer IDB Bank, NY October 2015 to May 2016 Web Developer Sonata Software - IN May 2013 to August 2015 Responsibilities:  • Responsible for Design and development of Web pages using HTML, CSS including Ajax controls and XML.  • Developed UI using JavaScript, HTML, CSS, JavaScript validations and XML.  • Implemented applications in JavaScript, and MySQL.  • Worked extensively with the File management and image libraries.  • Performed Client-side validations using JavaScript.  • Extensive experience with Core Java concepts like Exception Handling, Collections, and Multithreading and with advanced J2EE such as spring and Hibernate.  • Developed the application by using Java, JSP, Spring MVC, Servlets, Hibernate, JDBC.  • Developed entity classes, hibernate mapping files for the object relational mapping while configuring Hibernate, also developed HQLs and Named Queries and wrote Data Access Object (DAO) to handle HQL queries.  • Fixed bugs and provided support services for the application.  • Tested/De-bugged web browser using Firebug.  • Managing and implementing all code changes via SVN. Deploying builds across development, staging.  • Converted business requirements into technical requirements in preparation of High-level design document and Functional specifications  • Implemented a common styling with the help of CSS across entire application that controls color, layout, width, height, font size, images size and accomplished other graphic related features.  • Created both client and server-side validations.  • Design and implementation of new feature or software components for the front- end of a large Web application  • Used MS Visio, Dreamweaver and Photoshop tools for web application development  • Developed front- end UI pages and necessary backend classes to support data access and user authorization.  • Daily SCRUM stand-up meeting and provided demo to the business every Tuesday.  • Extensively worked on designing web pages using HTML, DHTML, CSS, JavaScript and Ajax.    Environment: JavaScript, JQuery, PHP, HTML, CSS, Windows. UI Full Stack Developer Israel Discount Bank 1967 to 1968 established a subsidiary in the U.S. in 1949. The first U.S. branch was opened on New York's Fifth Avenue in 1962. In 1967-1968 it acquired the Hias Immigrant Bank and changed its name to IDB Trust Company. It became the Israel Discount Bank of New York in 1979 IDBNY has historically been tied to Jewish communities in Latin America, with funds from Chile, Brazil, Peru and Mexico accounting for 58% of the bank's deposits. It was ranked the 14th largest bank in New York in 2011.    Responsibilities:  • Worked as UI Full Stack Developer with proficiency in web technologies and web designing Tools.  • Hands-on experience in building cross browser compatibility applications using HTML, CSS and Bootstrap including CSS Pre-Processors like Sass, Less.  • Developed GUI using JavaScript, Bootstrap, HTML/HTML5, DOM, XHTML, AJAX, CSS3, AngularJS, and jQuery as a part of current project.  • Significant experience in designing and developing Single Page Application (SPA) using AngularJS MVC framework.  • Used Angular 4 features, Router ParamMap and Animations for developing an web application.  • Involved in Agile Story point methodologies and full software development lifecycle, that includes designing, coding, testing, debugging and support.  • Experience in web development with MEAN stack (MongoDB, Express.js, Angular, Node.js). Good knowledge on React and Redux frameworks  • Experienced in Angular 4 Template basics, Template directives, Routing and navigation, Components, Services and Data Binding. Advise team on best practices for Angular 4 component driven architecture  • Worked with Angular JS Controllers, Directives, Factory, Services, Events, Angular Routing and UI router.  • Experience and proficiency in developing application using Angular2, Node.js, Express.js, MongoDB and other supporting JavaScript frameworks.  • Extensive use of data visualization tools like D3.js. Utilized JIRA and Bugzilla for bug tracking.  • Proficient in TDD (Test Driven Development), writing test cases using Junit, Jasmine test API and Karma for unit tests and Selenium Web driver, Protractor for E2E testing.  • Designed and documented REST APIs, including JSON data formats and API versioning strategy.  • Experience in web servers like Apache Tomcat 8.x, JBoss 7.x and version control tools like SVN, CVS, GIT and deploying enterprise applications by using Jenkins that provides Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment.  • Self-starter, fast learner and consistent team player with excellent communication skills.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, Sass, Angular2/4, Typescript, Node.js, Express.js, React. JS, Gulp, JavaScript, JQuery2.x, Bootstrap3, D3.js, Mongo DB, Jasmine, Karma, Apache Tomcat 8.x, Jenkins, word press, .net, Agile, Rest API. Education Bachelor's Skills Git, GUI, HTML, JAVASCRIPT, ANGULAR.JS Certifications/Licenses Driver's License Additional Information Technical Skills:    Web Technologies  HTML, HTML5, XML, CSS, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, PHP, AJAX, DOM, DOJO, Core Java, GUI, Responsive Web design, JSON, Gulp, Grunt, SASS, LESS,    IDE & Tools  Web Storm, Notepad++, Adobe Dreamweaver, Adobe Flash Professional + Action Script 2.0/3.0, Microsoft Publisher, Eclipse, Atom, Edit Plus.    Version Control SVN, CVS, GIT, JIRA  JavaScript Libraries JQuery UI, Ext JS 4.0, React.js, Angular.js, Angular js2, AngularJs4,5,7, React.JS, Node.js,  Publishing Tools Adobe PageMaker, MS Office  Wire Frame Tools Adobe Illustrator CS3  Data Access MY SQL, Oracle,