UI Developer,ReactJS Developer UI <span class="hl">Developer</span>,ReactJS <span class="hl">Developer</span> UI Developer,ReactJS Developer - Sports Endeavors Inc Hillsborough, NC • Around 6+Years of progressive experience in all phases of software development life cycle including requirements analysis, applications design, development, Integration, maintenance and testing of various client/server and web applications.  • Good work experience in developing User Interface (UI) Rich web applications, and Web Service Applications covering front- end using the web technologies like HTML5, CSS3, XHTML, JavaScript, J-Query, AngularJS,Angular2,React.JS and other frameworks in JavaScript library.  • Good experience writing Sematic HTML Markup for Accessibility and SEO Best practices.  • Experience on working with CSS background, Layouts, Positioning, Text, Border, Padding, Pseudo Classes, Elements and CSS behaviors in CSS Using Web Standards.  • Sufficient experience in developing responsive web page or application design with Media Query and Bootstrap.  • Expertise in Client Side designing and validations using HTML, HTML5, XML, XSL, Java Script and in making web page cross browser compatible.  • Good knowledge in Angular.js directives to create reusable elements and attributes, along with easy to test and maintain client side interactivity in web applications • Profound knowledge in Document Object Model (DOM) Object Oriented JavaScript • Extensive knowledge in developing applications in a single page (SPAs) using various JavaScript frameworks like AngularJS, Angular 2, ReactJS and Twitter Bootstrap like Grids, Toolbars, Panels.  • Good understanding of Model View Controller (MVC) Pattern and used extensively in web applications implementation.  • Experience in using ReactJS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, plus Redux, Animations and Flux concept • Excellent command on Angular JS components of controllers, directives, creating custom services with factory and service methods, resources, routing, Dependency Injection, Promises, Scopes, Two-way Data binding, filters and handling animated events..  • Good Experience in React JS for creating interactive Ui's using One-way data flow, Virtual DOM, JSX concepts.  • Good experience working with Angular 2&4, Typescript and ES5&6 features.  • Experience in build tools, Gulp, Grunt, NPM, Webpack, Browserify, REST Web Services.  • Expert at building cross-browser, multi-browser and multi-device compatible applications.  • Expertise in implementing view rendering JavaScript using React Js with FLUX and REDUX as architectures • Good understanding of REST API's; extensive experience of integrating services via Ajax using JavaScript, jQuery, Angular.js and React.js.  • Extensively worked on Continuous Delivery Pipeline with Docker, Jenkins and GitHub.  • Developed cross browser compatible pages using Modernizer to ensure proper working of CSS3 and HTML5 features.  • Experience in Node Js for implementing good responsive design.  • Hands on experience on CSS preprocessors such as LESS and SASS.  • Experience working in Agile Development Method.  • Extensive experience using Chrome and Firefox developer tools to run test cases and solve issues • Solid knowledge of complete Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC).  • Expertise in using source code control systems such as GIT, JIRA, and Jenkins.  • Testing application using Jasmine Test Framework, Karma and Grunt JS.  • Experience in using various IDE's, Web storm, Notepad++. Sub lime, eclipse,Visual Studio.  • Involved in daily Scrum meetings to keep track of the ongoing project status and issues. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience UI Developer,ReactJS Developer Sports Endeavors Inc - Hillsborough, NC May 2017 to Present Description: Sports Endeavors, Inc., doing business as Eurosport, operates as a multi-channel multi-sport retail company. It retails soccer, lacrosse, and rugby equipment, apparel, and footwear for men, women, youth, beginners, and teams through its Websites and catalogs. The company was founded in and is headquartered in with an additional corporate office in It has a customer fulfillment center  Responsibilities: • Designed layouts on the front- end and developed web pages responsive for smart phones, tablets and Personal desktops using HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, ReactJs, Redux • Built single page application with modules, graphics and reusable components, forms using React JS • Involved to implement various screens for the front end using React Js and used various predefined components from NPM (Node Package Manager) and Redux library.  • Excellent knowledge in the development of User Experience web and mobile based applications • Created cross browser compatible and Responsive web pages using Bootstrap, Bootstrap models and CSS3.  • Implemented client-side Interface using React Js.  • Experience building cross platform web/mobile applications using React, React native.  • Worked on React Virtual Dom and React Views, rendering using components which contains additional components called custom HTML tags.  • Used React Js for templating for faster compilation and developing reusable components.  • Component for UX-Library consisted of Button, Checkbox, Input, Icons, Toggle Button, Dropdown, Multi-Level Dropdown and many more • Involved in using React js components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, Animations and Flux concept.  • Used Object Oriented Programming concepts to develop UI components that could be reused across the Web Application.  • Worked on to build automation and CI/CD pipelines.  • Created and used Reducers that received said Actions to modify the Store State Tree.  • Experience in building high performance React apps with container vs presentational React components • Develops the flux pattern by using redux framework as a core dependency • Developed single application to render dynamically based on the JSON from the server • Involved in writing application level code to interact with APIs, Web Services using AJAX and Angular resources.  • Implemented react JS code to handle cross browser compatibility issues in Mozilla, IE 7, 8, 9, Safari and FF.  • Called the Restful web service calls for POST, PUT, DELETE and GET methods.  • Used tools like Grunt, Gulp task runners for the build process.  • Used Git for version controlling and regularly pushed the code to GitHub.  • Used Agile Scrum methodology and involved in all the business meetings and status update meetings as a part of scrum.    Environment: HTML 5, CSS3, Sass, JavaScript,Middleware,Ajax,React.js, Redux, Flex, JSON, Git hub, Grunt, CI&CD,Jasmine, AGILE. Web Developer ,Angular Plexus Worldwide - Phoenix, AZ March 2016 to April 2017 Description: Plexus worldwide. In early Plexus Worldwide launched the synergistic product combination of Plexus Slim and Accelerator. Plexus worldwide is committed to providing their Ambassadors a life-changing product and a unique and rewarding business opportunity.My role as a web developer is to develop on a E-com web application using Angular2 and bootstrap,Node js.  Responsibilities: • Developed single page applications using Angular 2, Typescript, HTML5, CSS3, and Bootstrap.  • Extensive experience in implementing Model-View-Controller (MVC) architecture using Angular Framework.  • Used TypeScript to write class, interface, module statements, navigation and refactoring.  • Used AngularJS expressions to implement two-way data-binding to update information between view and model.  • Used Angular 2 for Client-side validations while rendering JSON validation errors in the backend • UI development to create a seamless customer experience for an E-commerce website.  • Created reusable templates using Angular directives and worked with NPM package manager tools (Node JS).  • Built SPA with loading multiple views using route services using Angular 2 and Node.js.  • Good knowledge on creating services with Angular 2 @injectable property, as to make the service available for dependency injection when creating components.  • Developed the Restful Web Services in Node.js and exposed as a Micro services.  • Used TSLint tool that checks Typescript code for readability, functional errors, maintainability.  • Created reusable Components, Pipes, Directives and Services using Angular 4 • Used JIRA as the bug tracking system to track and maintain the history of bugs/issues on Everyday basis.  • Installed and configured a private Docker Registry for internal teams to push and pull containers.  • Developing CSS Style for web page using LESS Structure • Responsible for quality assurance of finished websites including the validation of web forms and links.  • Worked with AngularJS components, pipes, directives, services to generate more modular, reusable code maintaining the ES6 standards.  • Conducted day to day meetings with the product owners to get proper inputs and followed agile methodology during the project.  • Worked on angular test framework to write unit tests using Karma, jasmine and angular mocks.  • Used Bitbucket to do the coding record and version control.    Environment:html5,css3,jquery,angular2,angular4,NodeJs,json,api,docker,BitBucket,Agile. UI Developer UPS - Atlanta, GA April 2015 to February 2016 Description: United Parcel Service (UPS) is an American multinational package delivery and supply chain management company. My role at UPS as a front- end developer to create a single page app using Bootstrap,Node JS, Angular.    Responsibilities: • Working closely with business-side clients to deliver attractive, easy-to-understand screens that appropriate reflected the company's fulfillment workflow.  • Developed applications using HTML5, Bootstrap grid, CSS3 with Pseudo elements, classes, selectors and used JavaScript validation.  • Developed dynamic responsive web application by integrating Angular JS with Bootstrap which is further integrated with web services.  • Implement the JavaScript/jQuery frameworks such as Node JS for MVW/MVC framework • Created a roadmap for UI to migrate into Angular2 considering Typescript, components, directives, services, Observables, routes and router-outlets, dependency injections, versioning, webpack and the build process.  • Used Interactive data binding, filters and animation events using Angular JS.  • Developed Page layouts, Navigation and presented designs and concepts to the clients and the management.  • Used Filters to change modify the data and also to clubbed in expression or directives using pipe character.  • Implemented very user-friendly interface using all the capabilities of UI View,UI View Controller and UI Navigation Controller.  • Managed and coordinated the effort of accomplish the hosting of TDM (Test Data Management) as a Micro-services to consume the Test data by various clients • Created factories & services and then assigned methods to it Involved in using JQuery Validation Plug-in for client side validation.  • Conducted unit testing with Firebug, IE Tester and end-to- end testing on the supported browsers and devices.  • Worked with JSON for data exchange between client and server.  • Daily standup meetings (Scrum), estimation meetings and requirements review meeting to analyze requirements for each story card in a sprint.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Angular JS, Bootstrap, Node JS, JSON, GIT, Agile. Front- End Developer Cox Automotive - Atlanta, GA August 2014 to March 2015 Description: Cox Automotive, Inc. provides digital marketing, software, financial, wholesale, and e-commerce solutions for consumers, dealers, manufacturers, and the auto motive ecosystem worldwide. My Role as a FRONT- END DEVELOPER is to build rich, interactive web applications using Html, CSS, JavaScript, Node JS, React.    Responsibilities: • Design, develop and test HTML5, CSS3, JQuery that meets accessibility and web browser standards for car dealerships websites.  • Worked with Data Structures, Algorithms, and Complexity Analysis. Extensive usage of JavaScript, JQuery, Bootstrap, JQuery/AJAX, JSON, HTML4/5, CSS2/3.  • Utilizing Responsive web design to support usability in desktop, mobile, and tablet environments.  • Making changes to the existing web applications and creating new components using React JS.  • Worked with React JS to implement styling of the application. Used Container Components from Presentational Components.  • Extensive Knowledge in developing Single-Page Applications (SPAs)React, React native.  • Used CSS preprocessor SASS to make CSS more efficient • Creating a Responsive web application integrating Twitter Bootstrap with React JS and media queries.  • Used JSON for data exchange between client and server and also AJAX to reduce the network load and update only certain components of the website.  • Design and Styled Components using JavaScript and React Native • Worked on MV Frameworks like Bootstrap, NodeJS Performs UNIT testing with Jasmine, and develops web-services using RESTful API.  • Developed the application on Node JS platform using JavaScript programming • Added live reload configuration using Browserify and Watchify programmatically with libraries loaded from NPM and Bower.  • Developed the React container and presentational components (as Stateless and Functional components when applicable) • Worked with source version control GIT to manage the code repository • Followed Jira for tracking processes and streamlining Agile planning.  • Experience working in both small and large teams.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, SASS, JQuery, Node JS, React.JS, Bootstrap, Ajax, Web-storm, JSON,GIT, Agile. Web Developer The Brookings Institution - Washington, DC February 2013 to July 2014 Description: The Brookings Institution is an American research group founded on Think Tank Row It conducts research and education in the social sciences, primarily in economics, metropolitan policy, governance, foreign policy, and global economy and development.  Responsibilities: • Involved in various phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) of the applications like Coding, Testing, Design, Requirements and Analysis.  • Very Strong in developing web applications using different web technologies like HTML/HTML5, CSS3, SASS, Bootstrap, JavaScript, jQuery, Ajax, JSON, and AngularJS.  • Involved in designing UI screen, created several mock up Using HTML,CSS and JavaScript • Creating responsive website for smart devices using responsive design and media queries.  • Used AngularJS framework to create a Single Page Application (SPA), which can bind data to specific views and synchronize data with server.  • Developed page layouts, Navigations and presented designs and concepts to the clients and the management review.  • Implemented applications in JavaScript, and MySQL.  • Developed code for AJAX calls to get data from the server and load it into the charts.  • Worked extensively with the File management and image libraries.  • Tested web sites and fixed any existing bugs using Firebug.  • Performed Client-side validations using JavaScript.  • Worked with Jasmine for writing unit test cases along with functionality and integrated test cases.  • Managing and implementing all code changes via SVN. Deploying builds across development, staging and production instances and maintaining code integrity.    Environment: JavaScript, JQuery, Sql,HTML, CSS,SASS,Bootstrap,Angular,AJAX Apache.windows XP. UI Developer AlphaZeta Interactive - Chicago, IL June 2011 to January 2013 Description: At AlphaZeta, we leverage our team of experienced eCommerce business leaders who have driven transformational growth and UX/Development teams who've built high-performance sites    Responsibilities: • Designed business applications using web technologies like HTML, DHTML, XHTML, share point and CSS based on the W3C standards.  • Involved in extensive HTML coding that implements web applications, prototypes, user interface, and websites for clients.  • Involved in redesigning the entire site with CSS styles for consistent look and feel across all browsers and all pages • Responsible for making responsive web pages using twitter bootstrap and media queries.  • Created Images, Logos and Icons that are used across the web pages using Adobe Flash and Photoshop.  • Used jQuery for creating various widgets,data manipulation, data traversing, form validations, implementing AJAX features for the application.  • Developed Web forms/user interfaces using Struts MVC, jQuery.  • Involved in development of single-page application using Models, Views and Controllers of Angular JS as a part of team project.  • Implemented HTML tables to display large amount of data to the user.  • Participated in Code review and Quality Assurance.  • Worked on Browser Compatibility and tested application on popular web browsers such as Internet Explorer, Firefox, Safari, Opera and Chrome • Used Jasmine framework for testing Angular application that makes testing much easier to set up and run.    Environment: HTML, HTML5, CSS, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, JSON, SVN. Education Bachelor's Skills AJAX (5 years), Bootstrap (7 years), HTML5 (7 years), JavaScript (6 years), JSON (7 years) Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:  Languages C, C++, UNIX, LINUX, Java.  Front End DHTML, XHTML, HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript, LESS, SASS, JSON, AJAX, Node.JS.  Frameworks Bootstrap, Angular JS, Angular 2, React JS,Backbone,  Version Control System SVN, GIT  Desktop Tools MS Word, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint, MS Access.  Task Runner Grunt, Gulp  Operating System Windows, Mac OS, Unix  Web/App Servers Web Sphere 8.0(beta), Web logic and Tomcat 5.0/6.0/7.0  IDEs Visual Studio 2015, Web storm, Eclipse, Sublime editor, Notepad++  Methodologies Agile, Scaled Agile Framework and Waterfall