Program Manager/Senior Project Manager PMO Program <span class="hl">Manager</span>/Senior <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> PMO Program Manager/Senior Project Manager PMO - Randstad Woodridge, IL Experienced leader capable of delivering large-scale projects on time, and on budget, by effectively collaborating, facilitating, leading, and coaching multiple development teams. Proven ability to communicate difficult and diverse concepts across the various business teams in order to build consensus and gain alignment.    Demonstrated ability bringing awareness to projects, applying adept judgment to the removal of impediments, keeping teams focused and delivering success in rapidly evolving and dynamic environments. A results-driven professional with strong client-centric skills and an agile approach to project management.    Thorough knowledge of:  ? Cross-functional project management concepts, methods and practices  ? Information technology applications, processes, software and hardware  ? Business systems design and business process management Work Experience Program Manager/Senior Project Manager PMO Randstad - Chicago, IL 2018 to Present Plan, manage and stabilize technology team releases utilizing PM skills and leadership to multiple inter-related projects and programs. Coordinate across global teams to ensure on-time delivery of strategic initiatives. Provided leadership and guidance to staff in Information Technology and Business Divisions.    Key Accomplishments:  • Managed production stability program, which included 4,000+ Linux servers spanning 150+ application teams, resulting in 99% reduction critical incidents.  • Completed Managed RHEL5 remediation program, on time and under budget to mitigate compliance audit points, which included 3,000+ RHEL5 Linux servers spanning over 300 applications.  • Consult with Infrastructure and Business Service Delivery Managers to align lifecycle initiatives with company strategies.  • Established priorities among all internal/external interdependent projects  • Communicated directly with executive level stake stakeholders administering updates, execution and results for every project in my program.  • Coordinated strategic initiatives through cross- project management. Senior IT Project Manager and Change Manager Wilton Brands LLC - Naperville, IL 2016 to 2018 Define processes and tools best suited to each project moving between agile and waterfall approaches. Worked thru project life cycle from idea stage through closure effectively using team interactions by conducting weekly meetings, status reporting, transfer of support ownership, and final acceptance by project sponsors. Conducted lessons learned to audit project outcome, address outstanding issues, and improve processes for future projects.    Key Accomplishments:  • IT Infrastructure Change Manager - Facilitated communications between stakeholders and gained consensus from IT teams. Collaborated with IT partners regarding change management and championed policy/procedure compliance. Decreased migration issues by 35% and reduced migration windows by 20%.  • Managed Sales and IT teams through the development and testing of a new Point of Sale (POS) analysis system utilizing Customer Relationship Management system (Microsoft CRM) and MicroStrategy to provide reporting and enhanced analytics.  • Decreased POS BI Reporting errors to less than 1%, and decreased data extraction and reduced manual processes by more than 75% allowing business intelligence team to focus efforts on sales and marketing analytics.  • Utilized new POS system to proactively identify opportunities for order processing improvements at warehouses and distribution centers reducing overtime by 20% and lead time by more than 50%.  • Led Office365Upgrade Project for 1,000 users, domestic and international, 50 shared mailboxes, 75 conference rooms, group calendars, and distribution lists. Upgrade included Office 2016 Click-to-Run, OneDrive, and Mimecast email archiving and Ediscovery tool implementation. Completed on-time with minimal interruptions to business and within budget.  • Coordinated Infrastructure Upgrade of company retail store, outlet store, and decorating school increasing capacity by 100% with minimal impact to retail operations.  • Consolidated corporate and branch office phone services to a single consolidated Enterprise-wide solution with CenturyLink reducing telecommunication cost by more than 30%, provided redundancy and failover locations, and recovered over $100K in incorrect invoices in less than 6 months.  • Led Back-Orders Processing Automation Project for retailer partners reducing manual intervention by customer service by more than 90% and allowing same day order confirmation. Vice President, Program Manager/Senior Project Manager Northern Trust Bank - Chicago, IL 2012 to 2016 Collaborate with Business and IT management to establish and gain consensus on project scope, goals, objectives and deliverables. Provide direction, guidance, resource forecasting, and oversight to multiple onshore and offshore team members, ensuring proper execution of activities and tasks in accordance with Northern Trust/SDLC methodologies to highly visible strategic projects within multiple work streams utilizing Waterfall and hybrid Agile methodologies with Microsoft Project and JIRA.  Key Accomplishments:  • Defined processes and tools best suited to each project. Moved between agile and waterfall approaches depending on project specifics and client goals, creating detailed project road maps, plans, schedules and work breakdown structures.  • Provided hands-on guidance to PMs and Business Analysts as they led enterprise-wide projects for Wealth Management, Asset Management, Corporate & Institutional Investing, and Shared Services Divisions.  • Provide portfolio prioritization across divisions of the company to align with company strategic goals.  • Led teams across broad technical, financial and business disciplines. Focused teams on business objectives and tracked progress to ensure project milestones were completed on time, on budget and with the desired results. Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Science Northern Illinois University Skills PMI, PMP, Program Management, Project Management Links http://linkedin.com/in/chuckwalle