IT Specialist <span class="hl">IT</span> Specialist IT Specialist - Hennepin County Sheriff's Office Shoreview, MN Highly motivated, responsible, and dedicated individual who seeks the right opportunity to enhance my current skills, develop new skills, and contribute to the success of an organization. Demonstrated an ability to lead and manage projects with diverse teams while mentoring others. Self-starter with excellent communication and problem solving skills, proven ability and willingness to quickly learn new enterprise custom applications and leverage new technologies. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Specialist Hennepin County Sheriff's Office - Minneapolis, MN January 2015 to Present Establishing documentation for current IT processes, and identifying opportunities for improvement, and customer service enhancement. Also on the team evaluating potential replacements for the Computer Aided Dispatch system. Deputy Campaign Manager Julianne.MN - Chaska, MN April 2014 to June 2014 Chaska, MN  Julianne Ortman's U.S. Senate campaign. Responsible for a wide array of tasks including messaging, project management, writing press releases, and managing media contacts. Was also responsible for policy research and analysis, opposition research, and delegate analytics. Test Publisher/ Project Manager VMware - Palo Alto, CA June 2013 to April 2014 Remote)  Planning, development and implementation of assessments for the certification program. This job required working with several teams across the organization to manage projects and pull resources together to complete tasks. Responsibilities included project management, assessment development, and managing localization projects. The position was eliminated after corporate restructuring in April 2014. Test Publisher/ Project Manager Pearson Vue - Bloomington, MN March 2012 to June 2013 Working with clients to create, adapt, and publish their examination content for testing at Pearson Vue Authorized Testing Centers. Workload consists of converting exam content into QTI (IMS Question and Test Interoperability specification), then checking the exam for quality assurance, and publishing the exam into a format that exams can be delivered by our testing centers. 30% Client Relations, 40% Publishing, 20% Project Management, 10% other. IT Help Desk Technician Pearson Vue - Bloomington, MN August 2008 to March 2012 a day working to resolve technical issues within Pearson Vue testing centers, as well as new site installations. Support was equally divided between hardware, software, and publication tickets. I also supported over 20 on-site conference testing events for VMWare, Cisco, Brocade, and other Pearson clients. The high level of client satisfaction led to my promotion to my new position. IT Helpdesk Specialist Thomson West - Eagan, MN October 2007 to January 2008 Contract. Member of the Global Service Desk, supporting the company's 13,000+ employees worldwide. Primary responsibilities were account security, troubleshooting VPN connectivity, and analyzing caller's needs and urgency of the issue, and directing to the appropriate group. I completed about 50 support tickets daily. Ticket resolution was achieved by phone and email support, and occasional remote administration. Bilingual IT Helpdesk Specialist/Desktop Support/Developer CHRobinson - Eden Prairie, MN July 2006 to March 2007 Contract. Our team provided technical and hardware support to the company's 6,000 employees in North and South America. Primary responsibilities were account security, software installation, PC troubleshooting, and supporting the company's proprietary software. I completed around 100 support tickets daily. Ticket resolution was achieved by phone and email support, remote administration, and/or onsite repair/troubleshooting. In addition to this, I also was able to use my web design background to design a web application to streamline our help desk knowledge-base.    Non-Profit / Leadership Experience  Civil Air Patrol  Emergency Services Officer  Civil Air Patrol is the Auxiliary of the United States Air Force. I serve as the Emergency Services Officer of Anoka Squadron, MN. I am responsible for training and testing over 60 people in search and rescue, and disaster relief operations. This position has given me invaluable leadership and interpersonal relationship experience.    Good in the Hood  Board Member  I serve on the Board of Directors for "Good in the 'Hood", a non-profit based in Minnesota that operates food shelves, clothing drives, children's programs, and adult training, education, and job placement. I am in charge of the technical and web aspects of the organization, as well as volunteer coordination, and fostering business partnerships.    Misión Metodista Libre Ecuatoriana  Web Application Developer  I worked with the Free Methodist Church of Ecuador to develop web applications for their "Child Care" program which enables people to sponsor Ecuadorian children's living needs and education. I developed web-based software to help them create and manage student profiles, as well post them on their website. I created several data applications, a knowledgebase, and support system. I also needed to train and support 21 users who would be utilizing the software. Though not part of my intended hiring, I also set up 2 complete computer labs for MMLE schools.    Certifications & Training  • Six Sigma Yellow Belt  • TESOL (Teaching English to Speakers of Other Languages)  • A + Certification  • Bilingual in Spanish (Read/Write/Speak)  • VMware Certified Associate  • FEMA Incident Command System Education Cross Cultural Studies Bethany Global University - Bloomington, MN 2004 to 2007 English La Concordia 2003 to 2004 Skills Microsoft Office (10+ years), Windows (10+ years), Information Technology (10+ years), Customer Service (10+ years), Project Management (5 years), It Service Management (10+ years) Certifications/Licenses VMware CompTIA A+ FEMA ICS Additional Information Technical Skills  Software:  MS Office - Word, Power Point, Excel, Outlook, FrontPage, Access, Publisher, SharePoint, Partition Magic, Internet Explorer, Norton Ghost, Firefox, Chrome, Radmin, Several Help desk issue ticket/tracking software, AVG Antivirus, Norton Suite, Data Rescue, Windows Active Directory, Citrix, Terminal Server, SAP, RSA SecureID, Cisco VPN, Ipass, Adobe Creative Suite, PerForce, XML Spy, VMware Suite    Computing Languages:  HTML, JavaScript, PHP, CSS, C+, XML, AJAX, Visual Basic, .NET, QTI, VBI, TDL    Other Computing Experience:  SFTP/FTP, SQL. TCP/IP, DNS, DHCP, Content Management, Wordpress Developer, ITQA    Hardware:  PC Related Hardware, Dell Notebooks and PCs, HP Notebooks and PCs, HP Printers    Industries:  Information Technology, Government Relations, Private Sector, Non-Profit, Emergency Management    Operating Systems:  Windows 9X-Windows 10 - Windows Server - Linux/Ubuntu