IT Support Specialist <span class="hl">IT</span> Support Specialist IT Support Specialist - Atlantic Health System West New York, NJ Customer focused with diverse industry experience including Information Technology ( IT), Mortgage, Publishing, Digital Marketing, Social Media, and Retail. Proficient in prioritizing and completing tasks in a timely manner, yet flexible to multitask when necessary. A team player who is attentive to detail and able to work in a fast-paced environment and Bilingual (Spanish). Work Experience IT Support Specialist Atlantic Health System - Morristown, NJ April 2019 to Present • Complete and troubleshoot Data Migration from old pc to new pc using the USMT.  • Test and clean PCs, laptops and other related hardware as needed.  • Push software and application from the portal SCCM after the Windows 10 image.  • Maintain, analyze, and troubleshoot software and computer peripherals as needed during the upgrade. Set up, configure and add all required hardware during upgrade.  • Restore all user and configuration data from user's backup USMT.  • Provide resolution of end user's technical issues post migration.  • Provide technical support to end users via telephone or deskside after migration as needed.  • Assure that all tickets requiring follow up work and/or calls are resolved to closure within target.  • Assist in researching and documenting improvements to processes upon discovery.  • Assist coworkers in resolution of end users' technical issues post migration.  • Able to perform in a fast-paced environment.  • Training and troubleshooting Office 365 Desktop Support Analyst Rentokil Steritech North America - Charlotte, NC June 2018 to February 2019 • Customer service-oriented.  • Maintain, analyze, and troubleshoot hardware and software systems.  • Create, respond tickets in ServiceNow.  • Install and troubleshooting Citrix system and applications.  • Resetting password, unlock and create profiles, adding groups deactivating users in Active Directory  • Install and configure Cisco AnyConnect VPN.  • Knowledge of MS Office 2013 and Office365 Product Suite with extensive knowledge supporting Outlook.  • Set up and configure new systems, new applications, and upgrades to Windows 10.  • Provides on-site or virtual technical support services for users in business and corporate environments.  • Mobile devices support (Configuration, Activation/Deactivation, Registration, Termination) using Airwatch.  • Troubleshooting mobile devices and cellphones (Apple and Android).  • Remote installations and troubleshooting using Bomgar.  • Installation and troubleshoot local or network printers IT Repair Technician Honeywell - Charlotte, NC December 2017 to June 2018 • Record requests, incidents, and status information using the firm's ticket handling system. Provide detailed documentation of all customer transactions, troubleshooting, and escalations.  • Support the implementation and deployment of Windows 10 systems and solutions.  • Facilitate the training and support of user  • Diagnose operating difficulties on the scanner device and performs operational checks.  • Performs computerized and electrical diagnostic tests.  • Conducts visual and auditory for quality control.  • Download and update the software and the Windows OS.  • Repair or changes malfunctioning parts in the device.  • Troubleshoots malfunctioning of the device.  • Tests the device before it goes to the customer  • Lan and wireless network troubleshooting.  • Knowledge of MS Office 2013 Product Suite with extensive knowledge supporting Outlook. Installer Dish Network - Charlotte, NC January 2017 to August 2017 • Manages inventory for Dish Network equipment and tools for tracking purposes.  • Interacts with customers during appointments at homes and businesses for installations and/or repairs  • Completes troubleshooting and testing if customer was experiencing difficulties with service  • Completes repairs when needed or replacements if an equipment failure  • Instructs customers on how their system works including channel availability and computer network setup    Victoria's Secret Merchandising Manager Assistant Sawgrass Mills Mall - Sunrise, FL July 2016 to November 2016 • Ensures compelling visual merchandising presentation standards are achieved and maintained, including identifying and driving sell down strategies  • Drives planning and execution of visual changes in partnership with other store management team  members  • Owns and ensures accuracy of the physical inventory process, including planning, delegation and execution  • Analyzes customer experience reports and insights and mobilizes the team accordingly  • Gains business insight and creates action plans that improve execution and results in partnership  with other store management team members Project Manager - Guayaquil, Ecuador Vudu Magix November 2015 to May 2016 • Develop brand and digital strategy in support of key business goals  • Define audience segment and key digital customer scenarios  • Manage and evolve existing sites, web platform and social media  • Analyze website traffic trends and customer feedback data to drive future site iterations  • Devising strategies to drive online traffic to the company website Printer Technician Credit Suisse - New York, NY June 2015 to October 2015 New York    • Diagnostics, installations, removal and retrofits on Xerox equipment  • Perform basic connected installations (Ex. Set up IP addresses, download print drivers, enable scanning functions)  • Perform firmware updates to equipment in the field  • Follow required call handling procedures and update through our help-desk information system  • Complete all required administrative tasks timely and accurately  • Coordinate, and in some contexts lead, a cross-functional team of professionals who are implementing new tools, techniques and operating models for an outsourced account  • Ensure that projects are properly tested, approved and documented  • Manage timeliness, priorities and resources for the project Project Manager - Guayaquil, Ecuador Vudu Magix January 2014 to May 2015 • Develop brand and digital strategy in support of key business goals  • Define audience segment and key digital customer scenarios  • Manage and evolve existing sites, web platform and social media  • Analyze website traffic trends and customer feedback data to drive future site iterations  • Devising strategies to drive online traffic to the company website Education Bachelor's Skills Dhcp, Network connectivity, Tcp, Tcp/ip, Wireless network, Desktop Support, Active Directory, Help Desk, Service Desk, MAC, Desktop Support, Help Desk, Service Desk, Tech Support, Active Directory, MAC Assessments Technical Support Skills — Expert March 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to apply protocols to identify errors and solutions in order to maintain system function. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/wqgti4trbfwsf6md Proficiency with Microsoft Office: Mail & Calendar (Mac) — Proficient August 2019 Measures a candidate’s proficiency in using Microsoft Office Mail and Calendar tools to manage their workload. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/5bmn0bfegaogs0h Email — Proficient March 2019 Measures a candidate’s ability to effectively compose and organize email messages. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/jhzwhtkrok28g7-a Basic Computer Skills — Proficient March 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to perform basic computer operations, navigate a Windows OS, and troubleshoot common computer problems. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/ixyq3lmx-s1brdpz Proficiency with Microsoft Office: Mail & Calendar (PC) — Highly Proficient August 2019 Measures a candidate’s proficiency in using Microsoft Office Mail and Calendar tools to manage their workload. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/qftmd9kw-5jmabuy Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information PROFESSIONAL SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS  • Excellent Communications Skills (Spanish)  • Experience performing Internet research and implementing online marketing programs  • Excellent event planning, project management, oral and written communications skills used to develop Marketing programs from start to finish  • Budgeting skills and the ability to speak comfortably in front of large audiences  • Possessing a strong balance of communication and task-management skills  • Ability to work collaboratively    INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SKILLS  • Troubleshoot Hardware  • Systems Storage knowledge  • Assemble, Upgrade, and Repair Computers  • Troubleshoot and perform maintenance on printers  • Install and configure DHCP & DNS Servers  • Technical Support for End Users    • Basic Network Infrastructure  • OSI Model  • TCP/IP  • Network Infrastructure Services  • Troubleshoot Network Connectivity  • Excellent problem-solving skills  • Installation of Windows XP/ 7/ 8/ 8.1/ 10  • Wired and Wireless Network    • Network Diagnostic & Monitoring Utilities  • Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint, Outlook  • Network Security  • Anti-Virus & Anti-Malware programs  • Can analyze customer technical requirements  • Creating Virtual Machines