Enterprise Architect Enterprise Architect Innovative IT Entrepreneur specializing in designing creative and innovative projects resulting in higher ROI and future capabilities. Dayton, OH IT Entrepreneur, Project Manager and Cyber Security Professional driven by understanding the daily business challenges and operations. Continuous pursuit to establish more cost-efficient and increased productivity leveraging company procedures designed to maximize growth and success. Passionate on minimizing and or eliminating downtime to create a sustained work environment and elite company security and controls. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Enterprise Architect Quantech Services - Wpafb, OH June 2019 to Present DoD IT Project Manager MACALOGIC (WPAFB Contract) - Dayton, OH August 2018 to February 2019 responsible for multiple Tier 1 Service Desk organizations leading 5 technicians supporting nearly 2500 base users. Updated and maintained all Performance of Work Statements (PWS), Standard Operating Procedures, Service Level Agreements, Internal Operations and Processes, and all Project related Proposal Document. Improved both support team's incident resolution percentage from the desired PWS standard of 43% to 100% resolution percentage within the first three months. Created advanced incident analytics to put a dollar value on each incident resolved against the PWS, while using the data to Project savings directly reflecting our team's performance and value. IT Department Manager TOA WINCHESTER, LLC - Winchester, IN January 2018 to March 2018 IT Department Manager hired to develop and implement company wide IT standards along with the review and adjustment of the FY18 IT budget. Successfully reduced the FY18 IT budget by $250,000.00, while creating a 52% savings of $100,000.00 on the company PC Refresh Project. Managed all network infrastructure, Disaster Recovery / Business continuity, AD/GPO, VMware, Backups, Wi-Fi, VPN, and many other network responsibilities. Implemented department and company procedures and standards, while training IT staff to achieve a 95% incident resolution percentage. Worked to develop a workplace environment where all end-users had confidence in IT’s ability to resolve incidents, while showcasing the executive team how the IT department is a valuable company asset and an ROI generator with the right solutions in place. Owner/President VETERAN TECHNOLOGY CONCEPTS, LLC - Bradford, OH July 2017 to January 2018 Provided IT Project Management and Consulting Services within the Small Business community. Managed and evaluated Network structure, security, Design, and restructured the previous Desktop Refresh Project. Maintained Wireless contracts, Design and Implementations phases, completed an entire rebuild to standards within Active Directory/Group Policy and maintained its continued oversight. Planned and implemented Warehouse Technology Projects while Conducting all remote and onsite support 24x7. Assigned as lead MACAULAY-BROWN, INC - Dayton, OH July 2017 to January 2018 DAYTON, OH  JULY 2017 - JANUARY 2018    Updated and Migrated the AFEMS database system for the Air Force, while serving as the lead Linux Systems and Virtualization Administrator. Assigned as lead Red Hat Systems Administrator and Virtualization Administrator for onsite Government Servers and the AFEMS project. Deployed and installed RHEL 7.1, 7.2, 7.3, and 7.4 using STIG Security Compliance. Deployed and Installed RHEL 7.4 Server w/ STIG Security measures that hosted multiple RHEL 7.3, Windows Server 2012 and Windows Server 2016 VMs. Provided general PC and Application support for all office personnel, while creating and updating documentation regarding the Internal Network drawings using Visio. Onsite IT Manager for the Greenville FRAM - Greenville, OH July 2016 to April 2017 OH location while also serving as company IT Project Manager on the Knowbe4 Cyber Security Project. Responsible for all IT and Production related Projects and including Applications, Active Directory / Group Policy management using SCCM. Provided support for in-house Infrastructure hardware and software including, Switches, Routers, Access Points, ERP system, Shop Applications, and all physical and virtual Servers. Assisted all locations with new user on-boarding and orientation to ensure all users were granted and maintained proper permissions. Future Technology Project Manager CROWN - New Bremen, OH September 2015 to July 2016 Project Manager tasked to design and test new Technologies within the Forklift Industry. Highly interactive with customers to help initialize, deploy, and troubleshoot new technologies until they were handed over to the current production team. Traveled to customer locations to deploy systems, troubleshoot systems, and conduct follow-ups with all customers. Established and maintained a constant point of contact with my client’s management to receive product updates and concerns, while also providing the assurance that I was no more than a phone call or a flight away from taking care if any potential problems. technician troubleshooting CROWN - Vandalia, OH September 2015 to July 2016 VANDALIA OH  SEPTEMBER 2015 - JULY 2016  Designed and Managed the Global and America's IT Service Desk project covering 300 US and 400 International end-users. Responsible for IT Project Management, Active Directory/Group Policy Management, Network Hardware, Servers, VoIP management, and Network Infrastructure. Provided in-house and remote end-user support for our US, South America, and Mexico locations. Worked with my International Counterparts to establish best practices and continually improve the IT Infrastructure and Service Desk environments. Conducted all forms of technician troubleshooting, along with management and support for Active Directory and Group Policy. Lead Systems Administrator US ARMY - El Paso, TX April 2010 to February 2013 for all the 1st and 43rd Patriot Battalion at Ft. Bliss, TX. Trained and Certified over 200 soldiers for Deployment, ensuring they were ready and met all deployment standards. Responsible for training crews in tactical electronic intelligence data and engagement operations area of responsibility. Responsible for over one million dollars' worth of equipment and confidential material with a zero-loss record. Served as direct report over 50 soldiers, in which I trained and certified for deployment's job duties while maintaining a perfect soldier service record and 100% deployment rate. Education Cisco Networking Devices 1&2| MCSA Server 2012 | CompTIA Advanced Security Practitioner (CASP) | Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH) | ITIL Foundations v3 | CompTIA Network + & A + | RHCSA | RHCVA | PMP | VMware VTSP Foundation 2017| VMware VSP Server Virtualization | VSP Foundations 2017, and VSP Cloud Foundation 2017. New Horizons Learning Center - Dayton, OH January 2016 to November 2016 None in Business Management University of Northwestern Ohio - Lima, OH August 2006 to July 2007 Sullivan University Security + CE Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/aaronszilagyi/ Military Service Branch: Army Service Country: United States Rank: E-4 April 2010 to February 2013 Lead Systems Administrator for all the 1st and 43rd Patriot Battalion at Ft. Bliss, TX. Trained and Certified over 200 soldiers for Deployment, ensuring they were ready and met all deployment standards. Responsible for training crews in tactical electronic intelligence data and engagement operations area of responsibility. Responsible for over one million dollars’ worth of equipment and confidential material with a zero-loss record. Served as direct report over 50 soldiers, in which I trained and certified for deployment’s job duties while maintaining a perfect soldier service record and 100% deployment rate. Certifications/Licenses CompTIA Security+ August 2019 to August 2022 Additional Information I have completed the following courses but have yet to test;   Cyber Security Management Professional Program Completed Courses include; interconnecting Cisco Networking Devices 1&2| MCSA Server 2012 | CompTIA Advanced Security Practitioner (CASP) | Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH) | ITIL Foundations v3 | CompTIA Network + & A + | RHCSA | RHCVA | PMP | VMware VTSP Foundation 2017| VMware VSP Server Virtualization | VSP Foundations 2017, and VSP Cloud Foundation 2017.