Senior IT Project Manager Senior <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Senior Project Manager: PMP: CSM Dallas, TX * Brought exceptional results on a regular basis under tight timelines and in fast-paced conditions, implementing effective solutions and recommending process changes that best maximize efficiencies and align with the goals of the organization.  * Balanced multiple tasks and prioritized various stakeholder interests for the successful planning, execution, monitoring, control, and closure of Infrastructure IT, Financial, and product development projects.  * Recognized as an essential team player for actively collaborating with leaders on process strategy in order to define a project scope, goals, success criteria and key deliverables.  * Performed all phases of Requirement Management, including gathering, analyzing, detailing and tracking requirements critical to the business mission and using those requirements to design application software.  * Contributed to 60% expansions in market share by making data-driven recommendation to marketing strategies and advertisements. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior IT Project Manager NEXTGEN HEALTHCARE - Dallas, TX 2017 to Present Lead multiple software projects using system and process created by the organization. Oversee all stages of the PDLC and SDLC stages and spearhead the implementation of the Clarizen toolset company wide. Direct installations, configurations, and settings and collaborate in strategizing and leveraging the system to conform to company needs and processes. Collect, analyze and maintain financial forecast information (labor, software), using input from applicable sources.  * Commended for applying skills and leadership to completing projects on schedule, within budget, according to specified guidelines and expected quality of execution.  * Ensure reductions in product time to market by up to 10% as a contributor to PMP Innovation.  * Advance successful Project techniques throughout the organization and assure great outcomes by leading by example and training and mentoring 20 technical personnel.  * Help refine the Portfolio Management Process, documenting procedures and collaborating on the creation and maintenance of departmental best practices and guides.  * Develop, communicate and implement program / project risk / issue management plans and strategies (mitigation, avoidance, transfer, acceptance)    NEXTGEN HEALTHCARE ~~~~.  * Facilitate smooth company-wide implementation of Clarizen by providing guidance and expertise with respect to Support, Configuration, Documentation, and Training, serving as point person across 30 teams.  * Bring exceptional results on a regular basis under tight timelines and in fast-paced conditions, implementing effective solutions and recommending process changes that best maximize efficiencies and align with the goals of the organization. IT Project Manager/ Application Manager (consultant) FASTSWITCH CONSULTING - Chicago, IL 2016 to 2017 Led technical and functional activities for over 60 team members across 5 departments and served as a member of the advisory board that directs and approves PMO Initiatives Company wide. Managed the development, implementation, and success of Clarizen, the project management system, via Support, Configuration, Documentation, and Training. Supported all user and project needs including installations, configurations, and settings. Promoted company needs and processes by helping to strategize and leverage the system to conform. Collected, analyzed, and maintained financial forecast information (labor, hardware, software), using input from applicable sources.  * Balanced multiple tasks and prioritized various stakeholder interests for the successful planning, execution, monitoring, control, and closure of Infrastructure IT, Financial, and product development projects.  * Built a top-performing, cohesive team of professionals by training and mentoring technical personnel in successful Project techniques.  * Refined and improved the Portfolio Management Process, fulfilling requirements of documented procedures as well as sharing in the creation and maintenance of departmental standard operating procedures.  * Successfully mitigated risk and exhibited thoughtful leadership and foresight in developing, communicating, and implementing program/ project risk/issue management plans and strategies (mitigation, avoidance, transfer, acceptance).  * Delivered outstanding results within specified guidelines and expected quality of execution in addition to completing projects on schedule and within budget.  * Reduced product time to market by contributing to PMP Innovations and broad, adaptable expertise.  * Maximized and raised efficiencies 15% by implementing effective solutions and recommending process changes to better align with the goals of the organization. Project Manager, CSM JVM INTERNATIONAL - San Diego, CA 2014 to 2016 Created, implemented, and managed multiple projects throughout the organization from IT, media, marketing websites and applications. Served as Systems administrator for the company's web-based project management tool, Clarizen. Handled and contributed to installation, support, maintenance, license management, resource management, integrations, and project workflows.  * Boosted productivity up to 20% by proactively identifying, analyzing, prioritizing, mitigating and communicating project risks.  * Recognized as an essential team player for actively collaborating with leaders on process strategy in order to define a project scope, goals, success criteria and key deliverables.  * Achieved an impressive record of delivering all projects on time while continually seeking and applying improvements in quality and process efficiency.  * Established a culture of excellence among stakeholders and motivated team members to consistently produce their best work, setting and managing project expectations in a timely and clear manner.  * Targeted opportunities to enhance service excellence, improve donor satisfaction, increase cost savings or further develop productivity and supplied guidance across business lines to achieve goals.  * Produced accurate, complete, and timely reporting by carefully tracking tasks, milestones and action items within all project plans.  * Enhanced efficiency through collecting data and conducting methodical analysis of existing and proposed business processes and dissecting current process into process steps, inputs, outputs, and results. Project Manager/ Business Analyst (consultant) AMERICAN EXPRESS - Phoenix, AZ 2013 to 2014 Supervised the daily activities of portfolio management including reviewing project charters and tracking progress against budget and key milestones. Monitored enterprise-wide project & portfolio progress while creating and maintaining project dashboard for presentation to senior management. Handled risk exception submittals and support underwriting process. Oversaw projects finances and ensured relevant management information was captured and analyzed.  * Increased efficiency 15% by developing and preparing system requirements and initiating procedures to process data.  * Conceptualized and implemented techniques and requirements most feasible for processing the data through careful identification and analysis of functional problems.    AMERICAN EXPRESS ~~~~.  * Successfully delivered solutions by preparing definition of functional problems and makes recommendations for equipment and/ or software.  * Provided crucial assistant to the Program Directors in their daily duties, identifying, effectively communicating, and resolving project issues and risks.  * Consistently delivered superior project outcomes on time and under budget, supporting the assigned project manager with creating detailed project plans and developing, scheduling and tracking project timelines.  * Performed all phases of Requirement Management, including gathering, analyzing, detailing and tracking requirements critical to the business mission and using those requirements to design application software. Project Manager/Analyst (consultant) WR GROUP - Phoenix, AZ 2011 to 2013 Contributed support for an ecommerce platform both domestic and international within the IT Infrastructure. Offered technical expertise, prepared reporting, and clearly communicated CMS directives to execute projects. Tracked and forecasted international marketing and sales trends and analyzed collected data. Informed leadership decisions by measuring the effectiveness of marketing, advertising, and communications programs and strategies. Delivered additional research and analysis as needed on a per project basis. Communicated Project Requirements, Business Issues, Solution and made recommendations.  * Expertly translated complex findings into written text when preparing reports of findings and illustrating data graphically, presenting highly technical information in a way easily apprehended by multiple audiences.  * Contributed to expansions in market share by making data-driven recommendation to marketing strategies and advertisements.  * Facilitated effective implementation strategies as a project coordinator to develop scalable solutions.  * Ensured successful processes and outcomes in developing project scope definitions.  * Coordinated with and reported progress to key stakeholders to guarantee project budget, schedules and resources remained within parameters.  * Known as a decisive and effective team lead, facilitating work between 8 team members, conducting team meetings, developing tasks, and assigning roles and responsibilities.  * Achieved cost savings up to 5% by accurately preparing, tracking, and reporting contractor accruals as well as tracking and monitoring acquisition commitments. Education Bachelor of Business Administration in International Business/Marketing California State University - Sacramento, CA International Business Organization Sacramento Entrepreneurship Academy Center of Small Business of Sacramento State Skills PMP, SDLC, Waterfall, Scrum Master, Program Management, Project Management, PMI Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/ezragebreyesus Additional Information Core Competencies  Business Analysis Product Launch Program Management  Project Management Scrum Team/Agile Projects Relationship Building  Quality Control Risk Management Cross-Functional Collaboration  Healthcare/Pharmaceuticals Banking/Finance Infrastructure  Software Development Lifecycle Global Programs Application Lifecycle Management    Technical Skills  Microsoft (Excel, Project, PowerPoint, Visio, Outlook, SharePoint)/ Clarizen / Asana / Workfront / Wrike / Jira / Trello / Confluence / HP Quality Center / Atlassian / Salesforce CRM / Net Suite CRM / ERPs / Contract management / ServiceNow / Database management / Basecamp