Project Handler <span class="hl">Project</span> Handler Skilled Veteran Raleigh, NC Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Handler Underwriters Laboratories - Research Triangle Park, NC April 2019 to Present • Planning, Executing, and Closing Projects — defining the project, building its comprehensive work plan, and managing to the budget  • Managing Teams — facilitating commitment and productivity, removing obstacles, and motivating team members  • Managing Expectations — aligning projects to business goals, managing stakeholders, and communicating project status, milestones, and unexpected difficulties effectively Military Police Officer Army December 2013 to Present • Officers of the military police lead small police units on installations and advise reservists and National Guard police units.  • During a military installation, military police monitor the gate and entrance activities, control traffic and respond to emergencies on the base. In some instances, they investigate crimes and guard inmates within military correctional facilities.  • While some military police officers start their careers on a base, others start during deployment.  • They supervise mobility operations and provide area security in conjunction with the local police force if necessary. IT Consultant Contracting June 2011 to Present • Troubleshot and resolved PC, mobile and tablet device issues including; connectivity, email setup and new user training.  • Set up, secured, and maintained wireless networks including TCP/IP routing and firewall configuration.  • Updated and maintained virus protection software, performed system scans and removed any detected viruses, spyware and malware  • Installed and updated Windows 8, 7, Vista and Microsoft Office Suite software  • Solved clients IT issues - Determined changes, recommended quality software, projected modifications of software, hardware and networking  • Work indoors and outdoors to install high-speed broadband, Wi-Fi and voice services in homes and offices.   • Connect with our customers to provide first-hand demos of service features and functions so they can apply the latest technologies to their lives Technician Audio Advice - Raleigh, NC June 2017 to December 2018 • Responsible for providing technical hardware and software problem resolution to all end user computer, peripheral equipment, and Audio Visual (AV) hardware to ensure operational excellence across all locations.   • Provides technical support by performing installation, diagnostics, repair and preventative maintenance of all client computing hardware, software, peripherals and AV communication equipment.   • Supports all IT hardware including, but not limited to workstations, laptops, printers, iPads, iPhones, Android phones, and tablets.   • Maintains print queues for both clinical and business users.   • Performs hard drive encryption and degauss surplus hard drives.   • Interacts with other Tier 1 and 2 technical support staff to restore service and/or identify core problems.     • Work indoors and outdoors to install high-speed broadband, Wi-Fi and voice services in homes and offices.  • Connect with customers to provide first-hand demos of service features and functions so they can apply the latest technologies to their lives IT Support Technician Tier 2 Switch Communications - San Jose, CA September 2015 to April 2016 *Company relocated to California   • Deliver amazing service and support to our users by providing fast and accurate responses  • Handle user inquiries ranging from simple product questions to more complex technical support issues  • Troubleshoot technical/customer issues, escalate bug reports, and work cross-functionally to drive issue resolution  • Maintain or exceed our established service levels and productivity standards  • Work effectively with a variety of internal teams, including Sales, Engineering, and Product Management  • Be proactive and identify opportunities for our team to provide better support, educate our users, and scale our support model Computer Lead/ Department Manager Best Buy - Raleigh, NC September 2012 to September 2014 *LEFT WITH MILITARY*  • Be an expert in your respective department and apply holistic knowledge to drive profitable outcomes.  • Deliver on all aspects of the sales experience within your respective department through all touch points with Best Buy inside and outside of the store (eg. Online, Services, Delivery/Installation, Solutions etc.).  • Drive positive outcomes of key sales indicators within your department in support of Revenue, Margin, and NOP goals.  • Integrate partnerships and 3rd party programs specific to sales, training, and customer facing initiatives to ensure seamless experience.  • Engage customers using selling skills to build complex, connected solutions while maintain a balance of high velocity and high service.  • Motivate, coach, recognize, and performance manage employees to reach their full potential.  • Resolve complex customer issues. Education High school South Granville High - Creedmoor, NC February 2004 to June 2007 Skills Low Voltage (3 years), Word (10+ years), Excel (10+ years), Computer Hardware (6 years), Computer Repair (6 years), Powerpoint (10+ years), Networking (3 years), Management (6 years), Leadership Development (6 years), Mac OS (6 years), VOIP (4 years), Money Handling (6 years), Food Service, Order Selector, Food Handler, Food Service, Order Selector, Project Management (5 years), Instructor (10+ years) Military Service Branch: Army Service Country: United States Rank: Military Police January 2014 to Present Officers of the military police lead small police units on installations and advise reservists and National Guard police units. During a military installation, military police monitor the gate and entrance activities, control traffic and respond to emergencies on the base. In some instances, they investigate crimes and guard inmates within military correctional facilities. While some military police officers start their careers on a base, others start during deployment. They supervise mobility operations and provide area security in conjunction with the local police force if necessary. Certifications/Licenses HTSA Certified Technichan September 2018 to Present