Partner Success Manager Partner Success <span class="hl">Manager</span> Partner Success Manager - Salesforce Hillsboro, OR Accomplished IT professional with a passion for customer success and over 15 years of combined IT systems  and applications support experience.    Steadfast leader, mentor, and coordinator with a track record of steering improvement projects by building  and guiding top-performing teams. With a mindset of making an impact and creating a contagious culture  that drives productivity and collaboration to new levels. proven leadership, problem solving and legacy  customer service skills. Work Experience Partner Success Manager Salesforce - Hillsboro, OR November 2015 to Present ? Provide Guidance and advice partners on best practices of Salesforce roadmap to align with the customer's business objectives and assist in solving any issues on the platform.  ? Work collaboratively with the account team and Salesforce Execs, effectively network within accounts from the Executive-Level down, in order to help customers achieve their objectives.  ? Build and nurture executive-level relationships across accounts to solidify the partnership and commitment to the customer.  ? Server as a single point of contact and establish a regular cadence of communication. Application Analyst II Confluence Health - Wenatchee, WA September 2014 to November 2015 Cerner Core/Security Analyst.  ? Ensured compliance of IT Security Policies (HIPAA and SOX) while provisioning access to clinical and non-clinical applications.  ? Built and configured positions, preferences, privileges, and AD group policies and security  roles.  ? Provided functional and implementation support for Cerner Millennium Core applications.  ? Delivered projects and go-live activities. IT Analyst BSA Health System - Amarillo, TX July 2013 to August 2014 Provided functional and implementation support, as primary analyst, for Soarian Clinicals, Soarian EDM, OBIX, Wellsoft, and CareVue.  ? Worked on EHR preferences, privileges, and AD group policies and security roles.  ? Worked with hospital clinicians and clinical informatics to define clinical content necessary  for clinical documentation such as order sets and assessment form building.  ? Coordinated project requests, due diligence and planning according to governance. Identified, documented, built, tested and trained on project deployments.  ? Worked with end users to identify, prioritize, report, and resolve issues abiding by SLA. Project Manager Amarillo Pathology Group - Amarillo, TX August 2012 to July 2013 Defined, developed, tested, and coordinated the implementation of interface projects between the Pathology group's laboratory information system and client EMR or Hospital/Laboratory  systems using the HL7 protocol.  ? Provided ongoing technical support and guidance to clients after interface implementation. IT Technician Lead American Cyber Systems - Amarillo, TX February 2012 to August 2012 Supervised team of desktop support technicians and resources in India for a 450-bed health  system with approximately 3,500 PCs and 12 remote sites.  ? Assisted with the coordination of inbound tickets to help run the deployment of tasks more  efficiently to properly meet the hospital's SLA. Ensured issues were identified, tracked, reported, and resolved in a timely manner. Education BS in Information Technology in Information Technology University of Phoenix 2004 Skills Customer Service (10+ years), Customer Relationship Management (4 years), Salesforce (4 years), Technical Support (10+ years), SOX, Change Management, Project Management (7 years), Program Management (10+ years), SAAS (5 years), B2B (4 years), Agile (4 years) Certifications/Licenses Salesforce Certified Administrator Salesforce Certified Advanced Administrator Salesforce Certified Platform App Builder Salesforce Certified Sales Cloud Consultant