Project Manager / Technical Lead <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> / Technical Lead Reston, VA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager / Technical Lead BRTRC - Washington, DC October 2017 to Present ·        Responsible for and leads teams on large, complex Cybersecurity-related projects.  ·        Ran Vulnerability Scanning with Nessus Professional and imported those results into Splunk and delivered the results to the Network Admin team for remediation. Also built a dashboard for Senior Management for ease of identifying trends.  ·        Analyzed Enterprise Architecture design document and provided feedback for best practices for an Application environment migration.  ·        Scanned Web Application Source Code with Veracode and worked with the development team to mitigate potential security flaws in the source code.  ·        Provided guidance to ISSPM on security decisions within the Change Control Board.  ·        Assessed the configuration of select host operating systems (OS) against standardized configuration baselines.  ·        Ran reports in BigFix and improved the vulnerability reporting process (i.e. automating the Excel vlookups within Splunk) to improve and streamline reporting capabilities to management.  ·        Incident Response - Leveraged Splunk to detect and respond to threats on the USDA FAS network and provided necessary artifacts for incident closure  ·        As a Team Leader on-site I have maintained a good relationship with the client while helping them build a strategic vision for long term success by learning the various tools in the CDM project and aiding USDA FAS transition into the government's IT Modernization initiative.  ·        Provide guidance, leadership, training and technical expertise to the completion of Network Operations, Incident Management, Application Security, and Assessment and Authorization  ·        Security Lead for all ASOD tools including: BigFix, Splunk, ForeScout, Tenable Security Center (Nessus), CDM Dashboard (Archer)  ·        Monitor BigFix reports/status and assist ISSO with Tier 3 compliance  ·        Monitor Two-factor authentication usage and exceptions and assist ISSPM to ensure compliance  ·        Leads a team in the initiating, planning, controlling, executing, and closing Cybersecurity tasks of a project to produce the Cybersecurity solution deliverable  ·        Anticipates future customer, industry, and business trends related to Cybersecurity and applies this understanding to complex computer system problems to meet project objectives and ensure they align with the critical mission areas of the USDA  ·        Analyzes new and complex Cybersecurity project-related problems and creates innovative solutions involving finance, scheduling, computer system technology, methodology, tools and solution components.  ·        Possesses expert knowledge of business processes. IT Coordinator BRTRC - Vienna, VA October 2010 to Present Project Manager and Technical lead for Cyber Security Team.  Leveraged various tools within Continuous Diagnostics and Monitoring to increase Security posture including:  1. Vulnerability Management via Nessus/Tenable & BigFix  2. Risk Management via Splunk  3. Inventory via Forescout & BigFix    Created various SOPs, implemented various policies to enhance Security posture for the business including  • Admin rights audits  • Vulnerability Scanning Cyber Security Engineer BRTRC - Vienna, VA October 2015 to October 2017 ·        Developed and deployed automated Governance, Risk, and Compliance (GRC) solutions for a diverse set of customers supporting Assessment & Authorization, Continuous Monitoring, Risk Assessment, Exception Management, and Vulnerability Management activities.  ·        Created automated workflow processes by leveraging GRC tools to remove paper based use cases by combining structured questionnaires with external data feeds to reduce duplication.  ·        Worked with customers to enhance internal processes, ensure consistency, and remove duplications within workflows.  ·        Developed internal training materials to help other team members become familiar with the GRC tool Rsam and streamline new employee onboarding.  ·        Built SQL queries and leveraged business intelligence reporting tools including Microsoft SQL Server Reporting Services to satisfy customer’s reporting needs including building dashboards with critical information that displayed relevant trends to senior management.  ·        Worked closely with vendors to produce custom solutions to fit the customer’s needs.  ·        Developed Selenium scripts to inventory websites so that scripts could be written to automatically fill out forms on a webpage in bulk to ensure web sites behave as expected. This also ensured the testing was repeatable and reliable.  ·        Completed ForeScout’s CounterAct training course including compliance, controls, and threat protection as well as implementation and management of the virtual appliance.  ·        Experience working in multi-tier environments where work would be completed and gone through a User Acceptance Testing period before the verified code was pushed to a production environment.  Translated customer requirements into formal agreements and plans to culminate in customer acceptance or results. Education Bachelor's in History Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University - Blacksburg, VA August 2002 to July 2008 Skills Comptia, Cyber Security, It Security, Network Security, Siem, Information Security, Nist Certifications/Licenses CompTIA Network+ July 2008 to Present ITIL v3 July 2012 to Present MCTS: Windows 7, Configuration July 2011 to Present