Senior IT Project Manager - Cyber Security, Applications & IT Infrastructure (Consultant) Senior <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> - Cyber Security, Applications &amp; <span class="hl">IT</span> Infrastructure (Consultant) Accomplished IT leader with 23+ years of progressive experience delivering mission-critical IT infrastructure and support services in global Fortune 500 environments. I have a passion for Incident, Problem, Change Management, driving quality and stability based on accurate reporting and metrics. Denver, CO • Well-versed in strategic planning, staffing, budgeting, project management, critical problem-solving, and seamless implementation of robust, secure, scalable IT infrastructure, applications and systems for leading enterprises in the financial services and high-tech industries.  • Authentic, transparent leader by objective with ability to recruit, develop, and engage diverse IT professionals, building team spirit to retain top talent in a competitive marketplace.  • Passion for optimizing value of IT investment, leveraging skills in IT finance, budgeting, procurement, and vendor relations with IT giants (IBM, Microsoft, HP, Dell, Red Hat, and VMWare).  • Respected by senior executive teams for unparalleled ability to implement ambitious applications / programs achieving key goals in alignment with strategy.  • Passion for getting things done. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior IT Project Manager - Cyber Security, Applications & IT Infrastructure (Consultant) TRI-STATE GENERATION & TRANSMISSION - Westminster, CO Present Reporting to the PMO Program Manager, providing IT Project Management using standard project tools, templates providing suggestions, recommendations & improvements for the PMO team. Develop comprehensive communication strategies, project schedules to ensure successful execution of strategies & project deliverables. Define requirements for project intake process and completion of all key documents & artifacts. Maintain monthly project budget process and Providing leadership and guidance to other team members within the PMO. Manager IT Project Management - Vulnerability Remediation (Consultant) Wells Fargo - Consultant - Denver, CO February 2017 to May 2018 Responsible for managing Project Managers within Configuration Management / Vulnerability Remediation Team, ensuring effective project management practices and standards are followed. Working directly with the Program Manager I am responsible for ensuring that my team's Project plans, Risks, Issues and Changes follow company policy and that proper documentation and reporting is provided. I assure that the team is working to meet the required milestones, dates and deadlines for project tasks and deliverables. I am a mentor for new team members, provide overall guidance, direction, structure and support to a team of 14 Project Managers. Manager Systems Administration - UNIX, Linux, Windows, HP Non-Stop West Safety Services / Intrado - Longmont, CO April 2015 to October 2016 Manager Systems Administration for UNIX, Windows and HP Non-Stop, provide direction and leadership to the Systems Administration teams. Responsibilities include overseeing all day-to-day technical activities related to maintaining a reliable, secure and effective systems environment responsive to the needs of our customers and business organizations. Also, responsible for designing and implementing new improved infrastructure, processes and operational policies. Managed relationships of vendors, contracts and overall operating costs for teams.   • DevOps proof of concept   • OS upgrades for HP Non-Stop systems  • Unix, Linux Patching process and policy  • Inventory Audit, saved company in excess of 200K in licensing & support costs  • Weekly reporting and metrics   • RedHat Satellite implementation / automation  • Identity management / single sign on solution  • Change Manager for all critical maintenance  • Streamlined roles and responsibilities via Plan, Build, Run methodology Manager Incident Management First Data Corporation - Greenwood Village, CO August 2014 to April 2015 Manager Government Solutions Incident Management team, work with immediate support teams and stakeholders to successfully manage all incidents and ultimately drive down the number and frequency of incidents. Primary responsibility was restoration of service and to improve service recovery times. Responsible for all external client communications when incidents occur, this includes the inception of the incident through final implementation and resolution. Incident Manager is responsible for coordinating and documenting of post incident review meetings which includes business resources, technology and shared services teams. Manage Problem Management process to ensure that the appropriate support teams determine root cause of incidents, and research reoccurring issues or events and identify areas for improvement.   • Implemented Incidents Communication templates and color coding of the templates based on incident severity, Red, Yellow, Green.  • Worked with the customer to revise the contact and Statement of Work to be current with roles, expectations and deliverables  • Implemented SharePoint centralized documentation  • Implemented daily turnover process between shifts.  • Provided weekly reporting and metrics Incident Management | Operations Supervisor DigitalGlobe - Longmont, CO May 2012 to August 2014 To prevent or minimize the impact of incidents on all business-critical systems and ensure product delivery. Prioritize and evaluate impact of incidents, assign ownership, manage and facilitate the restoration of service. Document, manage and assign Problem Management tickets to the appropriate support teams to determine root cause analysis and eliminate repetitive incidents. Manage daily and weekly operational meetings and communications.   Monitor all production workflow to ensure that IT is meeting customer SLA’s. Manage Technical Operations support team including Application and Infrastructure Technicians. Manage the performance, daily workload, metrics and reporting.   • Assisted with the implementation of ITIL process and methodologies across a large 24 x 7 support team  • Managed and implemented a master application stop and re-start process to be used by all 24x7 staff for incident’s and support of planned maintenance activities.  • Implemented centralized documentation via Wiki / SharePoint  • Identified and implemented the documentation needed for the team to support the most common reoccurring issues. Trained the team on the process.  • Team supports all application code deploys, ground system maintenance and OS level system patching  • Created a career path from the Ops team to more technical roles within the company supporting applications and infrastructure Senior Project Manager Wipro / Infocrossing - Broomfield, CO December 2011 to May 2012 Work with client Project Management and technical resources to ensure scope, requirements, milestones and deadlines are met for production & non-production application integrations and Data Center projects. Manage and coordinate the migration of applications, supporting systems, network and storage to physical, virtual and cloud technologies. Ensure effective change management processes are followed and Customer Service Orders (CSOs) records. Project Management includes monitoring resources, status updates and follow-up of assigned duties and tasks. Provide project updates to senior management and customer stake holders. Ensure effective incident management communication and escalation procedures are followed. Build and maintain strong working relationships with customers, internal stakeholders and IT personnel. Follow company’s project management, ITIL and PIMBOX processes. IT Manager Vertis Communications 2010 to 2011 Responsibilities include, manage and maintain IT Infrastructure for multiple locations, maintain IT service level agreements, vendor contracts, all licensing, project management and implementation of new hardware and virtualization. Coached and mentored staff, worked closely with Senor leadership to identify, recommend, develop, implement, support cost-effective technology solutions. Managed and maintained relationship of hosted Data Center Collocations (SAVVIS / Via West).   • Platform owner for Unix, Windows, Network and Storage   • Implemented VMware ESXi Virtualization as part of Data Center Consolidation project  • Migrated Data Center St Louis, MO (completed Jan 2011)  • Migration of Oracle RAC to 11G cluster running on Sun Solaris zoned platform  • Managed 208 volt / 30amp power migration to improve capacity and efficiency  • Managed Network and Firewall upgrades for multiple Data Centers / locations Education Red Rocks Community College January 2000 Skills AIX, Ansible, AWS, Cisco IOS, CISCO UCS, Continuous Integration, DevOps, Docker, HP 3000/MPE, HPUX, ITSM, Jenkins, Kubernetes, Linux, Netbackup, NonStop, Nutanix Hyper Converged, Openview / BTO, Oracle RAC, Primavera Reporting, Puppet, SCCM, Remedy Service Desk, CA Service Desk, Solaris, Tivoli Workload Manager, VCenter, What’s Up Gold, Windows 2012 Server, Windows 2016 Server and others (10+ years) Links https://www.linkedin.com/profile/public-profile-settings?trk=prof-edit-edit-public_profile Certifications/Licenses Top Secret clearance ITIL v3 Technical Project Management System Administration Cisco Networking Additional Information IT Operations Leader | Manager Systems Administration | Project Manager | IT Manager | Data Center Manager | Incident Manager