IT Management Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> Management Analyst IT Management Analyst Arlington, VA Analyst with 14 years' experience supporting various information technology projects using knowledge of administrative principles and analytical practices; Interacts with all levels of employees to develop and implement project plans, troubleshooting, documentation, and reporting; Provides analytical management assistance by planning, coordinating programs, conducting surveys and studies, and supporting special projects; Fully competent in decision making, time management, and being client focused.    Clearance Level: Secret Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Management Analyst NTT Data Federal Services/ Drug Enforcement Administration - Pentagon City February 2018 to Present • Supports the development of quarterly reports to ensure the alignment with the program and organizational strategic goals  • Aid in the development of high-level business requirements and business functional analysis of Epics and user stories  • Supports administrative functions in stakeholder meetings  • Research Initial Privacy Assessments (IPA) to identify privacy issues and to determine if additional privacy documentation is required to ensure DOJ compliance  • Research Privacy Impact Assessments (PIA) for completion prior to developing or procuring computer systems that contains personal identifiable information.  • Prepare and review acquisition documentation for contracting activities IT Project Coordinator LanceSoft Inc / Purdue Pharmaceuticals - Wilson, NC March 2017 to June 2017 • Coordinated presentations for project managers detailing project scope, progress and results, keeping all entities well-informed of milestones and goals.  • Maintained project schedules by managing timeline and making proactive adjustments.  • Planned and arranged meetings enabling all parties to meet and discuss project progress.  • Worked with SAP development to accomplish technical aspects of projects. License Manager Ampcus / U.S. Army Reserves Command - Fort Bragg, NC May 2016 to September 2016 • Maintained the software asset inventory for all software operated on the Army Reserve Network (ARENT).  • Assisted in the development of acquisition packages for new and renewal of software license contracts.  • Coordinated with the Government Certificate to Operate (CTO) and Certificate of Net worthiness (CON) manager to resolve compliance issue (expired CTO, new software version, or expired CON).  • Provided monthly status reports to Government on software license usage.  • Established product quotes, licensing fees, and purchased software from vendors.  • Facilitated desktop support installation requests (not responsible for software installation) through CA IT Service Desk Manager.  • Drafted Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) (formerly Service Level Agreement) agreements from established templates. Technical Writer Insight Global / Cisco Systems - Morrisville, NC September 2015 to April 2016 • Prepared documents for projects in accordance with project manager, team or client specifications.  • Drafted and finalized run books, policy documents, process documents and operation manuals with the Cloud Services team.  • Manipulated and converted documents to meet needs of individual personnel or projects. Rental Administrative Assistant J & M McRae Rentals - Clinton, NC August 2014 to August 2015 • Organized tenant files and transferred paper records into electronic spreadsheets and word processing files.  • Collected security deposits, rent, and other associated fees.  • Maintained current resident data and distributed renewal notices. Technical Writer NES Associates - Fort Belvoir, VA October 2013 to April 2014 • Collaborated with engineers to complete data center discovery reports.  • Verified facts, dates, and statistic using Army Data Center Consolidation tracking tool.  • Created templates and checklist for the team to use to validate Army Data Center.  • Updated PowerPoint slide decks for kick-off meetings. Technical Writer The CenTech Group - Crystal City, VA June 2012 to September 2013 • Provided documentation support for the Justice Detainee Information System team in detailing the lifecycle of a detainee in Federal custody.  • Edited and formatted training manuals, functional requirements, interface control documents, system  • design documents, version description documents, test plans, security risk assessment, implementation plans, and system user manuals.  • Assisted the project management office with collecting weekly status reports and issuing timesheet reminder per government compliance and created an employee handbook for new employees. Education Master of Business Administration in Human Resource Management Strayer University - Millersville, MD Skills Data collection, Sharepoint, Collection, Strategic planning, Excel Additional Information Skills    • Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Project, SharePoint,  • Organizational Skills and Strategic Planning  • Research, Data Collection, and Analysis  • Communication Skills Problem Solving, and Building Effective Relationships