Clinical IT Product Owner Clinical <span class="hl">IT</span> Product Owner Clinical IT Product Owner - Aveanna Alpharetta, GA Work Experience Clinical IT Product Owner Aveanna February 2019 to Present • Partners closely with Product Development, Quality, Account Management, Client Services, Marketing, and Sales to meet objectives.  • Manages Aveanna's core clinical product stack throughout the lifecycle  • Manages the strategic roadmap for product development  • Works directly with clients, product vendors, business partners, decision makers and internal stakeholders to develop business requirements and define features  • Maintains product requirements  • Acts as stakeholder of specific product backlog items.  • Backlog grooming and management  • Applies detailed knowledge of clinical workflows to assist in product development Project Manager, PMO & Delivery Philips April 2018 to January 2019 • Responsible for the management and leadership for the implementation of telehealth solutions.  • Coordinates all implementation teams including clinical, technical, and integration teams to ensure a successful implementation.  • Creates and maintains project implementation plans to include work breakdown structure, issue management, risk management, scope management and project communication.  • Controls the project budget and project progress, evaluates all change requests as to feasibility, costs/benefits and added value, takes corrective actions when necessary and generates adequate reporting to internal and external stakeholders.  • Manages resource productivity and efficiency (implementation methodology, documentation, toolsets, and individual contributor development).  • Provides input to process improvement activities based on evolving business requirements, customer needs, and regulatory mandates.  • Actively participates in understanding, providing input, and following organizational and departmental changes.  • Collaborates with management and other parties concerned with the customer contract during pre-sales phase to assess the customer site, agreeing on project scope, project risk & timelines, technical project feasibility, pre-calculation of project cost.  • Organizes the internal and external resources to be used (quality, time, budget and information) and specifies the quality standard in the processes. Includes engaging with management and other parties concerned with customer contract.  • Defines the risks (technical and commercial) of the project and develops scenarios to overcome these risks.  • Directs employees and gives them operational guidance regarding content and organization.  • Manages external resources (e.g sub-contractors) related to on-going projects..  • Drives compliance to applicable regulations (Q&R/ H&S) by own organization, third parties and partners in the project.  • Provides a feedback loop on post- project execution.  • Follows up post-implementation to ensure customers are satisfied and takes necessary action if required. Clinical Implementation Specialist/Trainer SPH Analytics July 2015 to January 2018 • Subject matter expert on the principles of the SPHA MDinsight, QMD, PQRS, and QCDR products and services.  • Assisted Product Manager, Project Manager, and SVP of Technology Services with project rollout for 150+ medical clinics.  • Executes project plans, meets deadlines and/or proactively communicates risks to deadlines  • Communicates risks and issues to the Project Manager to ensure implementations remain on track with deadlines  • Drives projects on the clinical level communicating with practices on action items and tasks needed to keep implementation within scope.  • PQRS and QCDR - Monitored monthly quality reporting and performance data to identify areas of weakness to be addressed in addition to monitoring practice's adherence to reporting PQRS and MIPS Quality Measures.  • Perform user testing of new releases to the MDI, QMD, PQRS, and QCDR applications.  • Assisted practices with selection of PQRS and QCDR quality measures for performance reporting.  • Provide feedback on application development.  • Responsible for training of payers and providers on the technology platforms and management of population health information systems.  • Understands the workflow of each practice including the impact of payer reimbursement methodologies and regulatory bodies and analyzes provider and payer data to provide feedback on program development and use of SPHA's products and services.  • Works with the data operations and implementation departments to ensure optimal client implementation including serving as liaison in the clinical data discovery and data revision processes  • Assists with development of standard training materials for clients and internal departments  • Stays abreast of current quality/practice guidelines as it relates to quality and the clinical metrics relevant to SPHA's products and services including research and report changes in national guidelines, assist in development of new and maintenance of current clinical suites  • Prepares and conducts presentations for clients/clinics  • Ensures high level of client satisfaction by executing on time, and on budget implementations  • Establishes strong business relationships with customers  • Participates in weekly customer calls and ensures all client documentation is updated Associate Project Manager Allscripts March 2013 to September 2014 Contract)    • Management of 200+ Follow My Health patient portal implementations and Pro Suite EHR upgrade projects.  • Performs project management and implementation duties to support the completion of projects.  • Set and continually manages project expectations with team members and other stakeholders.  • Effectively communicates project expectations to team members and stakeholders in a timely and clear fashion.  • Plans and schedules project timelines and milestones using appropriate tools.  • Tracked project milestones, budgets, costs, forecasts, and deliverables.  • Effectively works both independently and in a team-oriented, collaborative environment.  • Conducts research into project-related issues and products.  • Help resolve project conflicts, identify resource requirements and align the project team on project scope.  • Documents project life-cycle progression and results in designated Clarity project management software. EHR Implementation Specialist/ Project Manager /Trainer Encite, Inc December 2011 to March 2013 • Engagement responsibilities include EHR implementation planning and needs assessments, project management from kick-off to Go-Live, upgrade coordination and testing, custom programming, work flow redesign.  • Participates and supports implementations and go-live activities at assigned sites, including support of new practices, software customizations, and training go-live support for new providers joining existing EMR sites.  • Provides high-level consulting to physicians, practice clinicians, and office managers to identify workflow, information, and medical documentation needs. Understands clinical and/or business operations supported by EHR applications.  • Provides training for Meaningful Use (MU) and PQRS workflows for physicians  • Provides MU configuration adjustments for application regulatory recommendations associated with application upgrades.  • Determines technology competency expectations for end users and develops associated course objectives. Writes and adapts training materials. Develops course schedules and coordinates training sessions.  • Delivers hands on instruction and provides training to providers, super users, and end-users on ambulatory EMR application functionality  • Travels to remote sites for the delivery of EHR and IT-related training. Participates in system upgrades, patch releases and updates as an EHR Team member. Documents EMR functionalities and processes for internal IT use.  • Provides excellent post go-live support for all personally trained physicians, clinicians, and office management personnel. Acts as first point of contact for EMR software support questions following the ambulatory EMR application go-live at assigned sites.  • Supports ongoing use of standard and customizable content, clinical integration, and optimization activities.  • Develops, executes, and supports tools and resources focused on clinical initiatives.  • Plans, documents and executes post-implementation optimization plans for assigned sites.  • Works with enterprise subject matter experts and integrated support team resources in managing resolution of ambulatory EMR application issues and requests.  • Works with integrated support team to provide support for software functionality, content and defect resolution updates.  • Works with the integrated support team to define clinical application reporting standards and works with facilities to implement the standards.  • Troubleshoots basic wireless/network/computer issues and works with integrated support team for resolution. Occupational Health Nurse Medcor - Target Distribution Center March 2009 to December 2011 • Electronic Medical Record Documentation and Information Management  • Operation of employee health clinic Education Master's Degree in Healthcare Informatics Purdue University Global Bachelor's Degree in Business Administration American Intercontinental University Associates Degree in Health Information Technology Kaplan University Diploma in Practical Nursing Albany Technical College Skills Application project management, Ehr, Coding, Ms project, Emr, Sharepoint, Web-based, Hippa, Operations, Problem solving, Workflow, Training, Cpt, Cpt coding, Executive level, Excel, Ms word, Word, Clinical operations, Healthcare Additional Information AREAS OF STRENGTH    • Ability to strategically manage multiple projects simultaneously. • EHR/EMR and Population Health Application Project Management/Clinical Training/ Implementation / (Web-based & Onsite) • Strong executive level communication, presentation, and negotiation skills to effectively engage with C-Suite level professionals. • Proficient in Microsoft Power Point, Excel, MS Word, Clarity, SFDC, MS Project, SharePoint • Leadership/Teamwork • Strong knowledge of healthcare/clinical operations and workflow  • Problem Solving/Decision Making • Nursing. ICD10, CPT Coding, CPOE, QCDR. Knowledge of HIPPA.