Technology Manager/Sr. Business Analyst Consultant Technology <span class="hl">Manager</span>/Sr. Business Analyst Consultant Technology Manager/Sr. Business Analyst Consultant - Ford Direct/Dealer Direct Lansing, MI ? Over years 09 of extensive experience working as Delivery Lead/Product Manager/ Project Manager using RUP, Agile, SAFe (Scaled Agile Framework), SCRUM, Kanban, XP, Crystal, FDD Waterfall project methodology, and project management in Automotive, Finance, Banking, Insurance, Credit Card and Health care domains.  ? Experience facilitating Scaled Agile and Scrum ceremonies including Program Increment (PI) planning, sprint planning, sprint reviews, team demo, estimating, sprint retrospectives, backlog grooming and Lean Management (Lean Management Metrics, Daily Huddle, Lean Retro, and Kanban Board Management);  ? Leading and driving Digital/Cloud transformation projects for large Automotive OEMs and implementing them using DevOps, CI/CD & TDD concepts.  ? Successfully managed multiple projects involving Implementation and Production Support in Cloud Technologies, Datacenter Management, IT Infrastructure Planning (Database, Server & Network Management), ITIL, IT Services Management (ITSM), Methods, Processes, Strategic Technology & Developing Cost Effective Solutions to meet customer / business requirements.  ? Planner and data analysis experience in Lean Six Sigma, continuous improvement and flow chart experience in Ford's Parts and Services.  ? Led, Planned, scheduled, monitored and tracked progress and delivered diversified projects adhering to prescribed standards (EPMO) and budget. Highly effective management and organizational skills with ability to prioritize. Extensive diversified experience in healthcare, life insurance and financial services industry.  ? Experience with IT Project Management, Planning, Technology & People Management, Vendor management, Network Administration, System Administration (UNIX & Windows) and Oracle Database Administration on UNIX & Windows systems.  ? Experience in Automation Test development, Automation Framework design, API/Web Services testing and testing Multi-Tier applications, supporting Configuration Management tools including: IBM Rational ClearCase (CC), ClearQuest (CQ), Requisite Pro (RP), Rose, Rational Software Architect (RSA), Functional and Performance Tester (RFT & RPT), Test Manager (RTM) and Robot, Work soft, Selenium, Test Director, HP Quality Center, HP UFT/QTP, SQA, Taurus/JMeter, Blaze meter, Jenkins and Work soft  ? Experienced in collaborating with business, marketing, technical and design teams to develop requirements, communication prioritize enhancements, translate into User stories (Product and Sprint backlog), Business Requirement Documents (BRDs) and Functional Requirement Documents (FRDs) and drive projects to completion. Prepared Use Case Specifications, Requirements Traceability Matrix and testing documents, User Stories, Data Flow Models and QA Methodology including test plan and test cases.  ? Experience developing/designing web-based applications, client/server applications, windows and web services using .Net Framework, VB.Net, ASP.net, ADO.Net, Java, C#.Net, XML, MS SQL Server, Salesforce and AWS Cloud based. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Technology Manager/Sr. Business Analyst Consultant Ford Direct/Dealer Direct - Dearborn, MI July 2018 to Present Responsibilities:  • Define, organize, manage, and lead multiple programs implementations in a fast-paced IT environment across multiple geographic regions managing large scale, cross functional projects and initiatives, end-to-end implementations and deployments across functional teams.  • Analyzing, designing, managing, implementing, and testing software products/ projects. Involved in Business Process Re-engineering, Business Process improvement, elicitation, requirement analysis, planning, monitoring, change management and writing functional and system requirements validation using various tools and techniques.  • In-depth understanding of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) using Waterfall, Rational Unified Process (RUP) and Agile methodologies including Scrum, Kanban and other methods.  • Extensive experience in Requirements Gathering, Surveys/Questionnaire Development, Business Requirement Documents (BRD), Functional Requirement Specifications/Documents (FRS/FRD).  • Manage a technical team comprising of system administrators, DBA's and consultants to bring in projects/tasks on time and within budget.  • Lead and managed multiple projects throughout the entire lifecycle (requirements gathering, analysis, design, development, delivery, post-deployment support) ensuring alignment with business and customer goals.  • Provide leadership and direction on customer issue resolution. Led the collaborative, dynamic planning process - prioritizing the work that needs to be done against the capacity and capability of the team.  • Establish, implement, and maintain best practices and operational procedures governing the development, use, and administration of enterprise recovery technology products and solutions.  • Direct the work of cross-functional teams to identify business requirements; align development and implementation deliverables with project management and IT development strategies.  • Successfully managed and delivered the implementation of Enterprise wide Service activation SOA projects ($10M), spanning across multiple organizations (35+ resources geographically dispersed) covering J2EE applications and Web services.  • Led the Agile transformation effort which involved working with the Leadership, enabling them to understand benefits of delivering product increments and steering the engineering team in improving the delivery predictability by 80% and productivity by 40%.  • Directed stakeholders through quarterly and yearly planning activities, helped develop an intake process for new work requests.  • Defined and developed and operationalized a ground up process for strategic portfolio management.  • Manage internal projects to support existing products & for the development of new products.  • Tested development work in SOAPUI following the end of each iteration. Reviewed previous iteration work to upper level business owners in order to demo technical accomplishments in a business-friendly way.  • Managing multiple application development projects and upgrades to move from legacy internal built software to newer technology. Worked with the business side to understand and develop requirements to deliver to the IT development units. Managed entire project team from requirements thru development, testing, training, implementation, and closure  • Helped in Developing database objects like Stored Procedures, Functions, and Packages using PL/SQL. Experience with Data flow diagrams, Data dictionary, Database normalization theory techniques, Entity relation modeling and design techniques.  • Developed templates for Code Reviews, Unit testing and System Integration testing. Experience in Object oriented (OOPS) design and development, database programming, web programming and GUI development using Java, JSP, Struts, Spring, Oracle, QC.    Environment: Salesforce (Service Cloud and Marketing Cloud), Java/J2EE, JavaScript, VB, VB Script, C, C++, HTML, Oracle, Test Director, Win Runner, Windows, Win NT, MS Office, Unix, MS Project, ASP.NET MVC, ASP.NET Web API, SQL Server, Oracle 11g, OBIEE, Cognos, SQL Developer, PL SQL, SQL*LOADER, PL/SQL Guidewire Suite, Developer tool, Oracle Job Scheduler, Tableau Reporting, Hadoop, HDFS, Hive, HBase, Oozie, Sqoop, AccuRev, ALM, Putty, Selenium WebDriver, Soap, Soap UI, JIRA, SAP, SAP-ARIBA, ARIBA P2P, SAP-ARIBA Configurations, FISCAM / COBIT / COS UNIX / Linux OS / Microsoft OS PCI - DSS / HIPPA / NIST / OWASP, Splunk / Wireshark / NMAP Rational Quality Manager, Rational Clear Quest, Rational Requisite Pro, and Quality Center. Project Coordinator/QA Manager Ford Motor Credit Company - Dearborn, MI June 2016 to July 2018 Ford Credit - Online Vehicle financing is an Internet- Based Credit Application for Ford family vehicles and their trusted Marks and Dealers groups. The Application functionality involves calculating Retail/Lease Payments for the vehicle selected, Online Loan Approval, Dealer Selection, Vehicle Selection and Decision Retrieval Process  Responsibilities:  • Facilitated requirement gathering and analysis with functional leads including the development of Business Requirement Documents (BRD). Consulted with designers and architects to come up with technical solution and conducted design reviews (CSD) with business.  • Coordinated estimates and schedules, created project plans, ensured all documentation is accurate and thorough and coordinated handoffs between all appropriate internal and external departments.  • Managing multiple application development projects and upgrades to move from legacy internal built software to newer technology. Worked with the business side to understand and develop requirements to deliver to the IT development units. Managed entire project team from requirements thru development, testing, training, implementation, and closure  • Tracking team member performance against schedule and targets, providing feedback, resolving issues, and coordinating changes to enhance project performance.  • Developed database objects like Stored Procedures, Functions, and Packages using PL/SQL. Experience with Data flow diagrams, Data dictionary, Database normalization theory techniques, Entity relation modeling and design techniques.  • Developed templates for Code Reviews, Unit testing and System Integration testing. Experience in Object oriented (OOPS) design and development, database programming, web programming and GUI development using Java, JSP, Struts, Spring, Oracle, QC.  • Performed Automated and Manual tests on the application. Involved in end to end integration testing, which includes Unit, System testing, Pilot and UAT for all the releases and verification of the data quality.  • Worked on testcase optimization for various components like Security, Install, JIT (Just in Time compiler), VM (Virtual Machine)  • Worked on SQL Server backend database changes which entailed creation of Transacts SQL stored procedures for add, delete or modify data in databases and stored procedures for Production Process.  • Supporting strategic planning, including opportunity identification, and effort assessment and scoping.  • Conducted integration testing of WEB- based Internet applications for variety of customized on-line Service Centers. Responsible for writing formal test plans. Developed test plans and procedures for black box functional testing on on-line Ford Financial Applications.  • Created, Modified and Debugged the test Scripts and Performed Data Driven Testing. Supported product converted from SQL Server to ORACLE.  • End-to-end responsibility for delivery of test requirements for a major Interactive Voice Response (IVR) project.  • Written UNIX shell scripts for testing the application and writing the SQL queries for Sybase database.  • Used Rational Rose for Database and object modeling and Clear Case as file handling tool.  • MSI package for any QA issues and produced a web-based report for engineers to use for troubleshooting.  • Understanding project requirements documents, Prepared and executed detailed test scenarios from test plans.  • Analyzed user requirements, developed test plan, test cases, test scripts, and fixing the test priorities. Evaluate result from Unit Testing, System Testing, and Integration Testing for new and modified applications.  • Prototyped test automation for new Java/Swing-based GUI technology. Identified and researched testability issues, providing recommendations on component redesign.  • Recording of test scripts was performed using TSL, C language designed for creating scripts and a create, debug and execute Mercury WinRunner TSL scripts.  • Tracking & Reported software bugs and involved in fixing the defects.  • Developing, documenting and implementing a Quality Assurance methodology and Company standards.  • Administered, customized and maintained PVCS defect tracking database and Maintained Source Safe code repository using PVCS.  • Gathered user requirements and evaluate technical and process solutions.  • Understanding the environmental factors that make enable a process to achieve its objectives. These include process procedures, standards, training, and equipment.  • Writing detailed test plan for the Functional, Security, Performance, Navigational requirements and test design specifications.  • Understanding project requirements documents, Prepared and executed detailed test scenarios from test plans using QA Run.  • Performed Regression test of RMI software by using SQA Suite Rational Software Testing Automation Tool.  • Performed Integration testing of People Soft Application in the following modules: Purchasing, Payables and Customer Connection.  • Plan all resources and schedules for functional and performance QA work for new and ongoing CRM software projects used by over 4000 auto dealerships.  • Coordinated test projects with Project Managers, Development, and Client Services & Operations.  • Developed database objects like Stored Procedures, Functions, Packages and Triggers using SQL and PL/SQL  • Executed the Test Scripts using QA Run & Astra Quick Test testing tools and analyzed the results. And Created SQL Statements for backend testing.  • Prepared business requirements and technical documentation.  • Performed different types of tests such as Integration Tests, Regression Tests, Functional Tests, User Interface Tests, Volume Tests and Performance Tests were performed on the application.  • Developed automated software-testing solution using Rational QA Suite.  • Analyzed user requirements, developed test plan, test cases, test scripts, and fixing the test priorities.  • Created packaging and deployment applications using InstallShield 5.0 - 6.5 and Windows Installer (MSI)  • Mentored QA team test engineers for the application functionality, testing procedures and the test scripts.    Environment: Java/J2EE, JavaScript, Cold Fusion, VB, VB Script, C, C++, HTML, DHTML, CSS, MQSeries, Oracle, Test Director, Win Runner, Load Runner, Quick Test Pro, QA Run, Rational Clear Quest, LoadRunner, Win 9x, Win NT, Visual Source Safe, PVCS, Clear Case, Lotus Notes, MS Office, Unix, Cobol, CICS, OS2, AS/400, Visio, Bounds Checker, Visual Test, MS Project and People Soft Hyper Station. Project/Product Manager/Delivery Lead Ford Direct/Dealer Direct - Dearborn, MI May 2014 to June 2016 The Ford Direct is an Internet e-channel for Ford division vehicle sales and financing to consumers in the USA. Ford Direct is a dealer-controlled joint venture between franchised dealers and Ford Motor Co. It was started by dealers on the Ford National Dealer Council in August of 2000 to help dealers capture the online market and sell more cars and trucks. Today, there are more than 4,700 dealers who participate in Ford Direct marketing services. With the success of this venture, Ford Motor Company transitioned control of Dealer Connection websites to Ford Direct. Since the transition, Ford Direct has been investing in the platform and working with Ford Motor Co. to enhance site with more customization, a better user experience and ultimately more referrals and sales for dealership.  Responsibilities:  Delivery Lead/Scrum Master  • Created product roadmaps, product plans, and project schedules, supporting development, operational policies and procedures.  • Managed multiple development teams simultaneously. Project management, design, requirements definition and specification, budgeting and project control with ability to support multiple simultaneous projects.  • IT Service Management (ITSM) functions and processes covering strategy, design, transition and continuous improvement of IT services using best practices ITIL, lean and six sigmas.  • Responsibilities include project initiation and definition, scope, plans, project management, configuration management, business analysis, data center build, Communication Plan, Quality Plan, Documentation Plan and Data Migrations.  • Served as a Proxy Product Manager for mobility team that supports mobile application enhancement and new functionalities for Dealer's shopping tools and other applications  • Gathered requirements from clients, analyzed inputs, translated them into user stories, create mockups and get client buy-in solutions.  • Implement Enterprise Scaled Agile Framework (SAFe/OSAM) Agile/SCRUM process (converting from waterfall and hybrid iterative/agile processes), organizing and implementing a sprint cadence for Product Increment (PI) sprints and planning sessions. Creation and presentation of training materials to product groups. Lead and facilitate Program Increment (PI) planning and scrum-team breakout sessions for accurate team planning.  • Led daily Agile Scrum meetings for multiple projects involving new integrations/development related to Vendor products and applications spanning multiple businesses and lines of business.  • Applied full system development life cycle methodology, including requirements gathering, development of use cases, process maps, functional specifications, storyboards, wireframes.  • Developed and followed agile project management plan (Agile Ceremonies). Facilitated build requirements log (product backlog) with cost estimates and priority.  • Conducted Grooming meetings, Scrum Daily standup, Product backlog, Sprint Planning, Sprint Review & Sprint Retrospective meetings, Determined the team capacity (velocity) from historical data.  • Take charge of providing projects, products, and releases involving indirect procurement solutions and act as focal point of contact in resolving internal customer inquiries and concerns.  • Efficiently interface with project managers and business leads in determining roadmaps for live and new solutions.  • Guarantee the accuracy and quality of current releases in accordance with business requirements and agreed timelines.  • Acquired lead role in charge of launching the initial part of a new Indirect Procurement solution which included efficient and automated process for supplier onboarding and item sourcing that substantially reduced cost of procurement throughout the company.  • Enterprise Technology Product Strategist and communicator--producing hardware roadmaps, strategic plan, support documents, hardware deployment plan and project management strategies.  • Facilitate Executive Business Reviews on a Quarterly basis with IT Stakeholders, Project Managers and Executives to analyze present state operations, resolve issues, IT Funding, and overall Software/Hardware Governance.  • Guide product teams to deliver software frequently while embracing eXtreme Programming XP values  • Monitor key metrics daily and weekly to gauge team progress (metrics tracked are Velocity, Daily burned hours, committed vs Delivered velocity, Story and task progress status, Impediments & Defects/Bugs Raised per Sprint).  • Project Coordinator for InfoSec Department, managing multiple larger transformation and shorter-term projects.  • Involved in Transformation to the AWS Cloud; Managing AWS Security Epics. Managing transformation to outsourced Security Operations Center.  • Assessed third party security products and worked with vendors to implement security tools. Maintained network and server security - made sure firewalls and servers were appropriately configured and patched.  • Managed R&D efforts within the Big Data Program, including a variety of cognitive computing, machine learning and data science projects using agile/scrum project management methodologies for business applications.  • Manage all CRM program communications around project status, wins, milestones, and issue mitigation across all teams and regions; ensuring project health, and fostering openness.  • Oversee the team's execution of operational tasks including email HTML coding, forms, landing pages, consent settings, scheduling / deploying campaigns, and pulling custom lists via SQL.  • Ensure the presence and integrity of data from various third-party ticketing sources to utilize for CRM.  • Provide strategic direction, research and develop features for inclusion in solutions leveraging Veeva's core CRM as well as advanced capabilities including Suggestions and Insights.  • Lead the design, development, implementation, and administration of the Marathon data warehouse. The data warehouse integrates inputs from the Veeva CRM system and all core sales and prescription status data feeds from Marathon's specialty pharmacy distribution partners. Responsible for ensuring data quality, integrity, migrating data and resolving interface issues.  • Applied and Aligned ITIL services methodology (Transition Phase) to Professional Services Lean methodology (Deployment Phase). Integration of Services Support projects, evaluating integration of DevOps culture into our support model to simplify processes and customer experience.  • Tasked with applying working knowledge of Lean Six Sigma methodologies to define, measure and analyze current state processes.  Responsible for executing client facing Black Belt Projects in Finance & Accounting domain such as Accounts Receivable, Account Payable, Closing and Reporting etc.  • Lead process improvement projects for cost savings, agility and speed to market. Provide Lean Six Sigma (LSS) consulting and training services  • Serve as role model, mentor, and agent of change for development and refinement of LSS projects.  • Develop and execute strategy for deploying Lean Six Sigma to improve business performance and increase people's lean competency  • Mentoring green belt projects that drive productivity and process improvements using Lean and Six Sigma tools such as Kaizen events, Value Stream Mapping, FMEA, etc.  • Experience working in matrixed, complex and constantly changing environments. Well-versed in current and emerging technologies including Multi-Cloud, Cognitive Technologies, Edge Computing and blockchain.  • Responsible for Data Quality Management, Data Security Management, Database Management, Data Governance and overall Data Architecture, Analysis and Design.  • Managed the servers, file server, AD, SQL migration from local data center to Azure.  • Managed the migration project of the firm's user accounts, machine objects, and relevant data from parent corporation Cendant utilizing the Quest Migration Manager tool suite and Microsoft Project server to record milestones and update executives of status.  • Interface with executives, project managers, offshore consultants, and third-party migration specialists to record daily issues and implement system wide changes and scheduled releases.  • Provide design and support for Data Modeling, Metadata Management, Master Data Management, database technologies.  • Directly supervised a team of both onshore and offshore Business Analysts, Senior Business Analysts, and Product Managers, for service delivery to our Infrastructure Technology Outsourcing (ITO) clients in India and Canada. Responsible for maintaining existing base of revenue/cost and work with sales team to identify new revenue growth opportunities.  • Responsible for managing multiple integrated project teams to ensure backend readiness for UI consumptions, and Interfaces with upstream and downstream application teams. Comprised of tracking progress & constraints, development, data migration, environment readiness (Infrastructure), UAT/PROD Deployments.  • Coordinating Business requirements across Ford IT, 3rd Party Vendors PD, and vendor teams Assisted teams in achieving Agile success through Agile/SCRUM activities (portfolio planning and iterative accomplishments)  • Responsible for the day-to-day management and administration of CA Agile Central/Rally; workflow, user accounts; application changes such as custom fields/values, dashboards, reports; security, monthly account maintenance around external application connections and disabled/inactive user accounts; and hierarchical changes in the application to align with the organizational structure, including project (container) creation for new teams.  • Worked with ITO and Server Ops teams to track and monitor on-time delivery and validation of servers to prepare for release launches  • Management of projects using Clarity and Rally PPM project management systems, HP ALM Quality Center, Version one, MS project, SharePoint, DORF and FRT  • Assisted team in implementation of DevOps, CI/CD and TDD concepts while migrating the legacy application to the Cloud.  • Excellent working knowledge of Rally (CA Agile Central), Clarity, DORF and FRT (a Ford financial tool)  • Establish and apply IT Policy for SDLC phase, conduct process compliance audit for Supply management, Quality assurance process, and IT security standards. Maintain project documents in SharePoint to share with Global Team.  • Provided and managed resource allocation for projects; managed the scope of project budgets ranging from $20,000 to $5 Million per project  • Data Quality Issue management and resolution; facilitate and monitor the timely remediation of data quality issues, root cause analysis of critical data elements and corresponding data quality metrics and key performance indicators.  • Conduct trend analysis; build and deliver corresponding metrics and reports; analyze extracts and present status to Senior Risk Managers and key stakeholders.  • Worked on ASP, .Net, Salesforce, AWS, Java & J2EE technologies using Core Java-Collections, Exception Handling, Serialization & Multi-threading, JDBC, Servlets, JSP, EJB, Web services - SOAP & REST, Frameworks Spring, Struts and Hibernate.  • Well versed at giving walkthrough and creating Unified Modeling Language (UML) diagrams for Business Process Modeling like Use Case Diagrams, Behavior Diagrams, Sequence Diagrams and Activity Diagrams based on the UML Methodology.  • Managed the intake process for non- project work items by analyzing requests from business, gathering additional requirements, and logging and assigning requests to other Business Analysts to produce weekly metric reports for management and IT and efficiently stay on top of workload.  • Supervising QA Automation and assisting in Black Box Testing, Functional Testing, Integration Testing, System Testing, Regression Testing, Performance Testing (Load/Stress), and User Acceptance Testing (UAT).  • Ensured cyber security policies are adhered to and that required controls are implemented.  • Created information system's System Security Plan (SSP) to ensure NIST control  • Perform risk assessments, help review and update, Plans of Action and Milestones (POA&M), Security Control Assessments, and specific security documentation. IT Product Manager/Agile Coach Department of Defense April 2012 to May 2014 • Develops problem solutions by describing requirements in a work-flowchart and diagram; studying system capabilities; analyzing alternative solutions; preparing system specifications; writing programs.  • Develops and maintains an integrated master schedule at an enterprise-scale in a Department of Defense (DoD) Information Technology ( IT) environment.  • Monitors and reviews all project schedule metrics, resources and risk. Plans, schedules, monitors, and reports on activities related to the project.  • Develops project control and reporting procedures and manages changes in operational schedule. Undertakes status review meetings among project team members and clients.  • Works with management on project schedules. Advises team members to accomplish project goals, meet established schedules, and assist in resolving scheduling issues.  • Understands project requirements, scope, and change management issues. Performs scheduling using established metrics for measuring key project criteria.  • Analyzes needs and recommends appropriate planning concepts and tools to be used for all facets of planning, scheduling, and tracking projects.  • Maintains visibility on standing and emergent scheduling issues and conflicts. Integrates and uses project management methodologies, software, and tools.  • Creates and/or uses communication plans, ensuring that appropriate information is exchanged among key stakeholders.  • Advises senior management on project management capability and risk. Maintains awareness on emerging technologies and project management techniques. Responsible for notification and escalation of scheduling issues.  • Design, Develop and implement Comprehensive Data ware house Solution to extract, clean, transfer and load manage quality/accuracy of data from various sources to EDW Enterprise Data Warehouse.  • Privileged Access Management - Managed the rationalization of privileged accounts and migration to a SAML/MFA solution for all AWS Console Access.  • Auditing - Managed the implementation of Guard Duty, Cloud trail and AWS Config with events forwarding to Splunk for alerting and reporting.  • Owns customer operational health, working closely with the AWS development teams and customer project and management teams.  • Work across the AWS services portfolio and with AWS solutions architects to define detailed customer project requirements and to generate feature requests.  • Iteratively deliver AWS product and service roadmap transparency and advocate for enhancement requirements against AWS service MVP and roadmap specifications.  • Provide guidance and technical resolution to issues originating from or affecting PaaS and/or IaaS orchestration, reporting, process failures and implementation challenges.  • Interface with customer project managers and technical owners to understand requirements and deliver product releases.  • Experienced with AWS and Azure stack and have been involved in 2 migrations of application/data stack to AWS, Azure, created alerts, Metrix to maintain monitoring from it in Azure.  • Migrated existing batch processing to Azure automation, Data factory based on Azure. Knowledge on using Amazon AWS API tools like Linux Command line, puppet integrated AWS API tools.  • Experience on Amazon AWS IAM Service: IAM Policies, Roles, Users, Groups, AWS Access Keys, and MFA  • Experience in AWS provisioning of AWS services like EC2, S3, Glacier, ELB, RDS, Autoscaling groups, Cloud Formation, Ops works, SNS, and SQS.  • ERP Cloud Computing/Migration, Production Support, Compliance and Infrastructure Logistics upgrades. Cloud Implementation - Migrated Web based applications to AWS platform.  • Maintenance of the Git repositories and use them in Azure DevOps to manage the CICD pipelines.  • Transitioned the team from waterfall MS Project management to Agile Kanban methodology. Technical Project Manager/Sr. Business Analyst March 2010 to April 2012 • Created product roadmaps, product plans, and project schedules, supporting development, operational policies and procedures.  • Managed multiple development teams simultaneously. Project management, design, requirements definition and specification, budgeting and project control with ability to support multiple simultaneous projects.  • Facilitate as Agile coach Sprint Planning, Daily stand up, Sprint Grooming, Demo, Scrum of Scrum and Sprint retrospective ceremonies.  • Metrics tracked are Velocity, Daily burned hours, committed vs Delivered velocity, Story and task progress status, Impediments & Defects/Bugs Raised per Sprint.  • Develop a clear and concise road map for National and Regional Ford's Digital Marketing email campaigns, and how key improvements will translate to increased revenue  • Be engaged with industry trends, events, announcements, and emerging technologies to constantly improve Harry's email marketing presence and performance  • Pull and analyze reports measuring the performance of email campaigns and advising on improvements to subsequent campaigns and/or email products  • Establish email performance benchmarks and summarize key metrics on a weekly and monthly basis  • Assess and project manage new email requests and provide recommendations as well as determining priority  • Assist in the development of campaign and targeting strategies including dynamic content personalization, behavioral targeting and re-engagement campaigns  • Oversee day-to-day execution of email campaigns from creative setup and html coding/tagging to testing and deployment via email service provider  • Project Delivery Manager for Global Delivery. Main point of contact for any product and/or system enhancements and/or product changes.  • Accountable for the overall leadership for the technical deliverables for their assigned program and/or projects.  • Accountable for accuracy and reporting of the project schedule and status (relative to time, cost and scope) to the assigned Program/ Project Manager.  • Engage with engineering team for technical components to define work estimates throughout the project life cycle.  • Manage technical resource budgets to plan. Analyzes and justifies resource burn rates and escalate to the Program/ Project Manager as appropriate.  • Worked with data analysts to set up analytical product usage analysis including SQL queries of product logs to pull relevant usage reports  • Managed and delivered on time, a strategic and very rapid time-to-market project addressing a recent change in the marketplace realizing $3M annual incremental revenue. Managed mobile App product / feature releases of native iOS and Android to the market. Education MBA Southern Columbia University - Orange Beach, AL MS Northeastern Illinois University of Chicago - Chicago, IL BS in Automotive, Insurance Andhra University - Louisville, KY Skills database (5 years), Java (5 years), metrics (6 years), project management (7 years), Sql. (7 years) Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) Driver's License Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS    Languages: VB, C/C++, JavaScript, VBScript, Python, HTM, DHTML, ASP, SQL, PL/SQL, SQL*PLUS, UNIX shell scripting, Java, XML, UML, XSL and WPF.  Tools: PL/SQL Developer, TOAD, SQL Loader, SQL *PLUS, MS Visual Studio, Visual InterDev, Visual SourceSafe, PVCS, ClearCase, AccuRev, Lotus Notes, MQ Series, Visio, RUP, Salesforce, SSIS, Tableau Desktop 8.2/9.0,9.3,10.2, 10.3, Tableau server10.2, SSRSMS Project, Microsoft Office Suite, MS Office, Guidewire Suite, EMR, CA PPM and changepoint, Microsoft Dynamics D365 CRM 4, 2011, 2015, 2016, and CRM 365, Scribe Insight and Online, Microsoft Visual Studio 2015, MS Office 365  Test Tools: WinRunner, Test Director, HP Quality Center, HP UFT/QTP, Load Runner, Rational ClearQuest, Rational Quality Manager (RQM), Rational Team Concert (RTC), Rational Test Manager, Rational Performance Tester (RPT), Rational Functional Tester (RFT), Rational Administrator, Rational Robot, Rational Rose, Selenium, JMeter, Protractor, Cucumber.  ETL tool: Informatica 8.6, Attunity Replicate  Hadoop/Big Data: Hadoop, HDFS, YARN, MapReduce, Hive, Oozie, HBase, Sqoop, Spark, Flume, Yarn Kafka and Hue  RDBMS & NoSQL: Oracle 8i/9i/10g/11g, Oracle EBS, My SQL, MS SQL Server,  Teradata, IBM DB2, Oracle reports and Forms 11g and Microsoft Access.  Oracle EBS 11i, FAH, OBIEE/OBIA, BICS (Business Intelligence Cloud Service),  MDM/Hyperion/DRM 11.1.2.4.341, API, Oracle Middleware/Web Services, ERP  Cloud 2x,13x Financials, Procurement, AHRCS, OTBI, Oracle Database 11gR2,  Oracle Database Upgrade to 12c, HCM (Cloud), Cognos. Collibra DGC Informatica,  Alation, Infogix.  O. S.: Windows, XP/2000/2007, 2010, Win NT, Linux, UNIX, OS2, AIX 5.2F, OS/400 v5.3,  Mainframe, VMWare, Android, Mac and Solaris.  Servers: IIS, MTS, Web logic, Nginx, Apache Tomcat, JBOSS, Apache.  SAS Tools: BASE SAS, SAS/SQL, SAS/MACRO, SAS/ACCESS, SAS/CONNECT, SAS/ODS, SAS/EG  SAP: FICO, Accounts Payable, Accounts Receivable, Banking, Controlling, Cost Center  Accounting, Profit Center Accounting, Internal Order Accounting,  Product Costing, Profitability Analysis, Project Management, Vendor  Management.  Amazon Web Services: AWS, EC2, VPC, IAM, IAM, S3, Cloud Front, Cloud Watch, Cloud  Formation, Glacier, RDS Config, Route 53, SNS, SQS, Elastic Cache,  Salesforce technologies: Salesforce CRM, Salesforce SFA, Apex Language, Apex Classes/Controllers, Apex  Triggers, SOQL, SOSL, Visualforce Pages / Components, Apex Web Services, AJAX,  Workflow & Approvals, Dashboards, Analytic Snapshots, Case Management  Automation, Custom Objects, Lightning, Veeva CRM.  Agile Tools Jira, Bugzilla, Version One & Rally  Agile techniques: SAFe, Scrum, Kanban, ATDD, TDD, CI, XP, Pair Programming, Agile Game  Analytics: Omniture/Adobe, Google Analytics, KISS Metrics, Salesforce CRM Dashboard  Reporting, KPI Metrics