IT Assistant <span class="hl">IT</span> Assistant Haymarket, VA Former construction project manager looking to embark on a new career in Information Technology. Certified in CompTIA A+ and currently studying for the CompTIA Security+. Certificate of completion for Cisco router and IP routing protocols, networking fundamentals, network security and virtual private networks. Exceptional ability to establish rapport with clients, and to gain trust. Work Experience IT Assistant On the Level Contracting - Chantilly, VA November 2012 to Present • Assisted in removing ransomware from company network PCs.  • Upgrade PCs and install new OS.  • Home office was struck my lighting: Replaced switches and routers, added UPS to network closet and office PC. Project Manager MAC Design and Build - Ashburn, VA October 2018 to May 2019 Coordinated efforts to optimize company profitability and reputation of projects averaging over $10M annually. Provide constructive input for development of process improvements to streamline operations. Manage projects using software Builders Trend.  • Managed projects ranging from $40,000 to $300,000 including Additions, kitchens, bathrooms, windows, doors, and appliance installations.  • Conducted onsite pre-construction meetings and quality control inspections for work in progress; ensured permitting requirements with respective cities and counties for Northern Virginia.  • Provide direct communications with new clients for in-home renovations, keeping clients updated daily throughout the remodel.  • Purchase all material and document all receipts.  • Process Change Orders with client.  • Processed documents for completed projects and payment processing.  • Scheduled 10-20 individual tradesmen and contractors on daily basis. Store Manager - Technician McLean Pharmacy - McLean, VA August 2016 to October 2018 Direct day-to-day operations of 5,000 sq. ft. store generating more than $2 million in annual revenue. Train new pharmacy technicians in processes and store operations. Mentor and manage, ensuring continuous delivery of outstanding customer service. Increase outreach to local medical professionals to promote business. Supervise both the retail and drug prescription departments with pharmacist.    • Create strategies to streamline inventory management, update computer hardware and software applications to streamline retail sales, and inventory management. Increased merchandise ordering by 200% from 35 vendors, dramatically increasing productivity. Merchandise purchases ranged from $45-60K monthly.  • Developed first Loyalty Reward Program to increase and retain customers. Efforts reflect an increase of approximately 250 customers registration within first six months of program initiation • Developed first Loyalty Reward Program to increase and retain customers. Efforts reflect an increase of approximately 250 customers registration within first six months of program initiation.  • Train pharmacy interns in policies, privacy, procedures, and health insurance payments. Project Manager On the Level Contracting - Chantilly, VA November 2012 to January 2016 Coordinated efforts to optimize company profitability and reputation of projects averaging over $6M annually. Provide constructive input for development of process improvements to streamline operations. Manage projects using software Builders Trend.    • Charged with managing a range of residential projects as a sub-contractor for a Fortune 500  Company, Home Depot. Tasked with overseeing projects from start to finish.  • Provide direct communications with new clients for in-home renovations, office work transactions average 2,500 monthly.  • Conducted onsite pre-construction meetings and quality control inspections for work in progress; ensured permitting requirements with respective cities and counties for VA, MD and DC regions.  • Processed documents for completed projects and payment processing.  • Scheduled 15-25 individual tradesmen and contractors on daily basis.  • Managed projects ranging from $2,500 to $150,000 including kitchens, bath, window, doors, and appliance installations.  • Managed warehouse operations for projects goods incoming/outgoing. Pharmacy Technician CVS Pharmacy - Gainesville, VA December 2011 to November 2012 • Assisted customers in data entry, prescriptions processing, and inventory control.  • Prepare compound medications with pharmacist over-site.  • Maintain privacy of patient records.  • Provide highest level of overall store cleanliness and appearance.  • Client assistance in selecting merchandise, answering questions, and quickly resolving concerns.  • Participated in ongoing training and customer care clinics. Education Associate's Degree in Information Technology NOVA Community College - Manassas, VA Certifications/Licenses CompTIA A+ July 2019 to July 2022 Additional Information • Certified in CompTIA A+ with an Associate's Degree in Information Technology  • Over 10 years of outstanding customer service  • Provide troubleshooting for hardware/software for PC, network devices, printers, and POS  • Able to manage projects on time and within budget  • Some experience in Active Directory and ticketing systems  • Quickly learn and master new technology and software