Mobile Engineer Tier Mobile Engineer Tier Mobile Engineer Tier 3 - COUNTRY Financial Minneapolis, MN Work Experience Mobile Engineer Tier COUNTRY Financial - Minneapolis, MN February 2019 to Present • Designing, implementing, building, and supporting Mobile IT solutions.  • Verification and support of new and existing IT infrastructure and platform environments to ensure continued success for security, availability, and functionality.  • High level understanding and creative problem solving techniques to improve, fix, and ensure stability and functionality with EMM/EDM and MDM platforms, including Microsoft Intune, Mobile Iron and Microsoft Azure.  • Support, management, deployment, and configuration of mobile device hardware with Intune, Mobile Iron, Android for Work, Android Enterprise - supporting 3,000 varied iOS devices as well as Android.  • Utilization of virtual machines/VDI for testing environments and ensuring maximum control over all changes and platform fixes/improvements.  • Work with Developer teams to ensure project successes as well as functionality and troubleshooting of in-house developed mobile applications.  • Providing advanced support and troubleshooting on problem tickets and issues that were unresolvable by Tier 1 and Tier 2 support spanning over all environments IT Support Specialist Volunteer Support Forums & IRC Live Chat June 2013 to Present • Answering questions on a real-time chat service helping people around the world with technical questions and troubleshooting.  • Supporting over thousands of unique visitors on a monthly basis.  • Handling support tickets from troubleshooting complex hardware and software issues, to walking through the process of building a computer from scratch.  • Research, problem solving, and patience to further knowledge of a variety of technology related areas. Deskside Engineer (Advanced IT Support Level 2) Korn Ferry - Minneapolis, MN September 2017 to February 2019 • Overview, management, and support of 1000+ enterprise devices, including namely HP enterprise hardware; laptops, printers, docking stations, monitors  • Understanding and support of successful wide area deployment using Active Directory, Microsoft SCCM, group policy, and Microsoft Server utilities  • Working with and developing working strategies with existing Level 1 Help Desk support to provide successful Level 2 troubleshooting and support with the end goal on the customer service experience  • Support, management, deployment, and configuration of Apple technologies including iPhones, iMacs and Macbook Pros  • Advanced understanding, troubleshooting and support of Microsoft Office products such as Office 365  • Utilizing Service-Now ticket system to manage large workflow and multitasking Project Manager/Lead IT New Horizon Companies - Plymouth, MN December 2012 to September 2017 • Complete management, overview and support of over 2,000 mobile devices in Kids Quest & New Horizon child care centers around the country.  • Direct management of a small IT team in delegation of work, escalation assistance, and leading to maximize effectiveness and efficiency.  • MDM systems such as Meraki, JAMF, with a wide variety of hardware including: all generations of iPads, Android Devices, Microsoft Surfaces, and more.  • Creating and maintaining efficiency, reliability, and return on investment of deployed mobile technology across parent and sibling companies under the New Horizon moniker -- throughout the US.  • Direct support for over 1000 end-users across parent and sibling companies; providing direct IT support for 200+ end users for 800+ remote users and clientele.  • Knowledge and talent in many hardware and software environments; Windows OS/Exchange, Mac OS/integration, iOS, Android, Linux, VMware Virtualization, TeamViewer, Aerohive Networking, and Cisco Networking along with much more.  • Remote and local technical support for technology; supporting corporate staff including day-to-day operations and center projects.  • Moderate involvement and servicing of virtual servers in the VMware environment.  • Leader in special projects to increase business at Kids Quest locations; developing security measures to implement new attractions safely and efficiently.  • Low voltage related work; building and maintaining network infrastructure, pulling wire and terminating for network environments at locations new and old.  • Shooting, producing, developing and editing video content for Marketing and Development purposes. Have created content which resulted in securing large amounts of new business.  • Thorough and ever-expanding knowledge of many encompassing technologies, programs, and procedures throughout IT.  • Microsoft exchange server knowledge and maintenance encompassing 21 and growing field locations across the country. Loan Documentation Specialist Wells Fargo Home Mortgage - Minneapolis, MN February 2012 to December 2012 • Managing and operating copious amounts of incoming and outgoing information pertaining to many different types of loans including FHA and VA products.  • Directly supported over 100 unique clients a month.  • Maintaining extremely large amounts of individual financial data, and working with each client on a one-on-one basis.  • Acute understanding of the MS-DOS based information loan management system.  • Retaining outstanding levels of customer service.  • Demonstrated prowess in the mortgage industry by using multitasking ability as well as prioritization.  • Working with TIL disclosures, GFE's, Settlement Statements, Appraisals, Credit Reports, and employment documentation.  • Daily computing of HUD's, preparing final loan amounts, and representing and explaining complex mortgage processes with customers.  • Following and abiding ever-changing, specific requirements for each loan on a federal and company level.  • Receiver of several customer service and processing technology awards. Education Normandale College 2007 to 2010 Diploma Eden Prairie High School 2003 to 2007 Skills Cisco, Android, Mobile devices, Mdm, Linux, C++, Html, Java, Imaging, Customer service, Excel, Outlook, Word, Photoshop, Windows xp, Premiere, Integration, Javascript Additional Information Technical Skills    Software:    • Adobe Suite: Premiere Pro, Photoshop    • Microsoft: Windows XP, 2000, 7, 8, 8.1, 10 / Office Suite: Word, Excel, Outlook, Remote Desktop    • Linux: Ubuntu, & many subsidiaries    • Apple: Apple Configurator, Apple Remote Desktop, OS X Server, Bootcamp, Logic Pro X, Windows & Domain integration    • MDM: Meraki Cisco Solutions, Advanced understanding and implementation management    • Above average knowledge of Java, HTML, C++    • Have understood, developed, and worked with many 3rd party proprietary in-house company software    Hardware:    • Building, reformatting, upgrading, troubleshooting Windows, Macintosh, & Linux devices.    • Fixing, re-imaging mobile devices and troubleshoot hardware software issues with Manufacturer software tools    • Real-world implementation and installation of most 3rd party hardware (Apple, Windows, Linux, Android, AMX, etc..)    Other    Words Per Minute (WPM): 110  Customer Service Awards: 90% Loyalty Program - Wells Fargo