IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager - Prosum Inc Long Beach, CA Project Manager skilled in streamlining operations and maintaining a strong track record of executing project deliverables. Expert presenter, negotiator, creative and innovative professional; able to forge solid relationships with strategic partners and build consensus across multiple organizational teams and resources. Adept at working in fast paced environment, employing strong organizational skills while maintaining a diverse project portfolio. Work Experience IT Project Manager Prosum Inc August 2016 to Present El Segundo  • Oversee all IT managed services client projects across all phases of development  • Managed budgets of up to $1M and cross function teams of 25 Technical Managers, Architects, Sr. Engineers, and Tier 1-3 Engineers.  • Drove technical engagements for enterprise wide implementation and network infrastructure projects  • Led teams across broad technical, financial and business disciplines. Focused teams on business objectives and tracked progress to ensure project milestones were completed on time, on budget and with the desired results.  • Mitigated risk factors through careful analysis of financial and statistical data. Anticipated and managed change effectively in rapidly evolving global business environments.  • Defined processes and tools best suited to each project. Moved between agile and waterfall approaches depending on project specifics and client goals, creating detailed project road maps, plans, schedules and work breakdown structures. Project Manager Info 2 Extreme, Inc - Los Angeles, CA January 2016 to August 2016 • Provide strategical management and operation oversight of technical teams while maintaining responsibility for client relationships and overall profitability.  • Manage all aspects of client relationship and is the primary point of contact for sales, daily operations, networking projects, and quality assurance.  • Manage customer service and performed sales and support calls for all clients.  • Direct a wide array of ongoing business development projects  • Oversaw the development of operational and technical documentation and business process reengineering processes used for managing large clients, performing quarterly business reviews, maintain profitability, and increase revenue. Project Coordinator Honda Accessory America, LLC - Torrance, CA January 2015 to July 2015 • Independently contracted to provide leadership and overall project control for new model accessories.  • Negotiates cost and schedule control with multiple suppliers to maintain target costs throughout the development cycle.  • Proactively identifies gaps in plan versus budget and leads the development team to create effective countermeasure plans in weekly meetings.  • Evaluates process and performance within the procurement cycle.  • Administers and manages bid solicitation process and acts as primary resources for RFQ's and contract interpretation.  • Ensures all purchasing terms and conditions set forth by the procurement department are followed by suppliers.  • Coordinates supplier schedules through MS Project.  • Performs data manipulation in Excel to understand variations in supplier cost.  • Reviews 2D/3D engineering data and drawings to understand changes that will affect cost and supplier capability throughout the manufacturing development cycle. Project Manager EMC Corporation - Irvine, CA August 2014 to January 2015 • Independently contracted to coordinate IT infrastructure projects for Kaiser Permanente in excess of 10MM.  • Coordinate project activities and ensures all project phases are accurately reported and documented appropriately.  • Coordinate with the delivery team to perform project accounting and financial forecasting of WBS in Salesforce and Excel.  • Build project dashboards and Compile project status reports using Excel and SAP systems.  • Coordinate project schedules using MS Project and Clarity.  • Lead project meetings, and identify and report status and trends to executive management using Power Point presentations. Project Analyst Innovative Housing Opportunities - Newport Beach, CA February 2014 to July 2014 • Independently contracted to perform land evaluation and project management for all multi-family new development, acquisition, rehabilitation, and preservation deals.  • Perform initial pro forma analysis to determine project feasibility using Excel.  • Identify developable property using CoStar, complete all due diligence, interpret contracts of sale, and determine budget.  • Coordinate with Investors to secure acquisition financing and satisfy investor guidelines. Project Analyst Promontory Financial Group LLC - Orange, CA November 2012 to January 2013 • Independently contracted to perform risk management and regulatory compliance.  • Analyze residential mortgage loans that resulted in default to validate all federal and state laws were followed throughout Loss Mitigation, Bankruptcy, and Foreclosure procedures.  • Audit loan history data and analyzed findings to perform underwriting calculations in accordance to federal and state guidelines.  • Draft compliance/non-compliance write-ups for borrower financial remediation committee to review and determine fault. Education Bachelor of Arts in Business Administration and Management University of La Verne Additional Information Technical Skills:    • Resource Planning  • Requirements Gathering/Analysis  • Process Improvement  • Skilled Negotiator  • Knowledge of Design and Development  • Cross Function Supervision  • Costing/Budgeting  • Relationship Management  • System Migrations/Integrations  • Enterprise Implementations  • Network and System Engineering  • Testing/QA/Implementation/Support