Senior Information Technology Project Manager Senior Information Technology <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Proven Senior Project Manager Hollywood, FL MANAGEMENT COMPETENCIES    • Scope, Schedule, and Cost Management   • Change, Risk, and Issue Management  • Performance, Proposal, SOW, and Plan Writing   • POA&Ms, Ex 53, 300, Weakness Reporting  • Third party and Vendor Management   • EVM, Balanced Scorecard, Budget Tracking  • Large and Complex Project Delivery   • Project Integration Management    DOMAIN EXPERIENCE    • Integration and Infrastructure   • Enterprise Project Management and PMOs  • CMMI, Enterprise SDLC, ITIL and Service Development   • Enterprise Software Development and Mobility  • Program and Portfolio Management   • Security and FIPS  • Process Lifecycles   • SOW and RFP criteria satisfaction  • CIO Offices   • GWAC, IDIQ, T&M, FFP, Award Fee Contracts  • Government and Corporate contracting   • Information Technology    ACCOMPLISHMENTS    Information Technology Leadership    Technology leader with 10 years of IT SDLC, Agile, and PMBOK management experience delivering over 30 software and infrastructure projects comprised of strategic initiative efforts, steady-state, and initial rollout that resulted in high quality, low number or no post-deployment issues, all of which had zero deployment rollbacks.    Realize organization’s target state strategic benefits and achieve roadmap segments through the delivery of mobile, web, and desktop applications into enterprise technology environments for user groups 2,500+.    Benefits Realization Management    Ensure business goals align with project objectives through business case analysis and clear direction to application owners and portfolio managers concerning misaligned and broken portfolio setup in order to bring portfolio work streams into their appropriate enterprise frameworks.    Led Program Directors and Senior Managers to establish metrics and key performance indicators that demonstrate how their programs are satisfying alignment to the PMI Strategic Plan, the PMI Operational Plan, and the PMI WDC Chapter Strategic Plan, as a PMI Washington DC Chapter volunteer.    Project Management Office Experience    Seasoned senior manager utilizing enterprise PMO processes and templates as well as defining plans and documents for project delivery, including using PMO tools such as Project Web Access and PPM tools.    Full competency in delivering portfolio-level reviews, executive statuses, and cross-team issue resolution.    Team Building    Decrease learning curve and increase efficiencies of senior and junior staff concerning relationship building, Agile concepts, generating roadmap completeness, and project management processes.  Increase PMO employee’s performance and project delivery output by coaching, mentoring, developing, and growing individual’s project management capabilities, PMO requirements knowledge depth, escalation channels, and general management skills. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior Information Technology Project Manager Insight Global - Hallandale Beach, FL March 2019 to May 2019 • Planned, coordinated, and delivered program objectives within the cloud IgnitePro point of sale program; developed a comprehensive program plan spanning multiple business segments to achieve desired outcomes.   • Led a cloud Salesforce, a cloud Domo business intelligence, a cloud enterprise data warehouse, and a cloud IBM Planning Analytics initiatives with offsite, onsite, and offshore vendor and internal staff; set plans, resolved issues, and communicated escalations to deliver business value to the organization. Senior Project Manager Software Specialists - Columbia, SC September 2017 to January 2019 • Planned, coordinated, and delivered project objectives within the Master Cloud Program; managed teams and diverse management staff to verify budget was adhered to, portfolio work queues were prioritized, all communications were clear, change control requests were approved, and escalations delivered appropriately.  • Ensured Agile projects supported the achievement of business initiatives by prioritizing the project’s business objectives to meet the customer's highest priority value proposition in all projects and sprint goals.  • Controlled scope, budget, and timeframe elements to enable objective achievement for program, portfolio, and project needs. These efforts spanned an executive, customer, and team breadth that met strategic organizational needs.   • Enabled a BCBSSC secondary site to provide full recovery from the primary FEPOC site through finalization of a Dell Unity Recovery Point Appliance project through management of SAN, VMware, and vendor teams.  • Facilitated communication among stakeholders and project team members to ensure that business needs were being fulfilled and that all tasks and activities were progressing and being completed as scheduled.  • Maintained accurate and up-to-date Disaster Recovery Exercise task progress and issue information during an off-shift, overnight capacity to escalate critical issues and submit four-hour executive statuses. Project Manager Kforce - Alexandria, VA August 2017 to September 2017 • Met iNova Hospital’s critical finish date for their Epic software upgrade by replacing 2,000 monitors and   in-place upgrading firmware on 1,200 production terminals by leading a six region team of a 25 member technical staff, six technical leads, and six business relationship managers to deliver product according to a facility-prioritized and crucial-floor deployment plan that ended with acceptance signoff from hospital staff. Senior Project Manager Mastech - Herndon, VA May 2013 to June 2017 • Delivered a high-risk, high uncertainty, externally facing application re-write project to 2,500 users cleanly into production with no production or user issues following deployment without regressing functions or data sets.  • Decrease project slippage, scope creep, and cost overruns by identifying issues while monitoring and controlling project activities, surveilling risk, and using the project’s change control processes.  • Increased inter-team communication, decreased upstream and downstream application delays, and identified issues and risks earlier by establishing a portfolio-level, application team and leadership structure that joined three separate asset teams within the Finance portfolio asset group.  • Achieved on time milestone acceptance dates set for the successful delivery of seven database server instances, that were both physical and virtual, spanning the system and production environments, through tactical vendor management practices over enterprise support delivery management teams, using competencies such as negotiating milestone delivery dates, holding regular status and delivery update meetings, and avoiding risk triggers, as part of an application upgrade’s scope.  • Identified and communicated outcome-based program framework management strengths, weaknesses, shortcomings, and opportunities to the Fannie Mae outcome-based Program Manager after managing the Capital Markets outcome-based pilot project. Recommendations included: vendor performance standards to include monitoring and assessment, expectation establishment; program maturity road mapping; statement of work and contract type preferences; and immediate need implementations for upcoming projects.  • Designed and implemented a Portfolio Project Change Management Process for five portfolio applications that included a process flow, job aide, financial change request integration, and governance committee charter.  • Managed 5M – 7M in annual project budget spread over 60 resources for concurrently running projects. Project Manager Dell - Rockville, MD October 2011 to March 2013 • Completed an enterprise-class storage assessment project that created a net-new 7M contract award which directly satisfied the NRC’s ITIM strategic plan and contributed toward the agency meeting the federally-mandated data center consolidation objective. The storage implementation award utilized assessment project recommendations such as a five-year ROI delivery roadmap; a director level storage architecture, network performance improvements; SAN strategies, WAN acceleration, and operational efficiencies.  • Implemented a two phase, two release enterprise BYOD project that provided new information access capabilities to NRC employees resulting in increased communication methods while meeting stringent security requirements. Phase I research, policy, and ROM delivery was awarded with a 600k follow-on work award. Phase II successfully delivered a two-release FIPS 140-2 compliant email, calendar, and contact solution to NRC employees personally owned mobile device to conduct agency business from their Exchange account.  • Generated revenue for Dell’s contract size and billing value by completing a physical and virtual Secure LAN and Electronic Safe asset upgrade project through an asset transfer and ownership plan which included outgoing vendor management, engineering upgrades, and an asset lifecycle deployment process.  • Fulfilled contract-mandated project delivery by managing a workload of one to six concurrent projects that were small to large, had budgets from 40k to 500k, utilized two to thirty resources, lasted three to twelve months, and had eight to 21 internal and external stakeholders, on a 252M government contract.  • Enabled transition to the customer’s target state ITIL environment by delivering projects that embodied ITIL components: creating self-service, service catalog entries fulfilled through the Service Request Management System bound by Service Level Agreements with underpinning Operational Level Agreements; defining an operational delivery and decommissioning process that integrated with the asset management system which allowed billing to occur after asset transition and product upgrade.  • Increased PMO and contract governance capabilities by writing a Program Risk Management Plan for the ITISS contract that included governance definition, role breakouts, an online risk register, and reporting capabilities.  • Lessened new project manager’s learning curve by training and leading them on the Dell Enterprise Project Management Methodology, ITISS contract and statement of work, and required project deliverables.  • Earned 700k of new work by authoring a proposal that provided transitional workstations to NRC employees. Business Analyst - USDA - FSIS, LPPD, OCIO, PMO Contracts DKW Communications, Inc - Washington, DC October 2010 to June 2011 • Met contract delivery and deliverable requirements using USDA PMO templates and enterprise guidelines to create artifacts: Monthly PM hours, budget, and CPI and SPI EVM metrics calculations, Performance Management Plan, Project Management Plan, Balanced Scorecard metrics, Plan of Action and Milestones Guidance Document, Deployment Plan, and a Scoping Document with proposed server architecture diagram.  • Decreased onboarding learning curve by training a Project Manager concerning Earned Value Management, Balanced Scorecard, and Monthly reporting requirements for past, current, and future months. Consultant - OCIO Office - HUD IT Transformation Initiative Powertek Corporation - Washington, DC August 2010 to September 2010 • Completed HUD OCIO Program, Portfolio, and CPIC management support for compliance governance monitoring on many General Accounting Office's (GAO) Spend Plan programs with different levels of compliance maturity for compliance items such as mission benefits, functional and performance capabilities, WBS’s, and Enterprise Architecture.  • Identified HUD SLCD compliance shortcomings and required remediations through auditing the GAO designated watch-listed programs and providing compliance reports for OCIO use.  • Measured accuracy and efficacy of HUD OMB Exhibit 300 reporting by assessing HUD program benefit realizations through scope satisfaction, budget variances, and program delivery accomplishments. Education M.S. in Information Systems Technology THE GEORGE WASHINGTON UNIVERSITY - Washington, DC January 2009 to January 2012 B.A. in English EASTERN CONNECTICUT STATE UNIVERSITY - Willimantic, CT January 1999 Information Technology Classes NORTHEASTERN UNIVERSITY - Boston, MA Skills Estimating (7 years), budget (7 years), Outlook, Scheduling, Microsoft Project, Program Management, Project Management, PMI Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/hjwicko/ Certifications/Licenses CSM February 2017 to February 2019 Groups Beta Gamma Sigma May 2012 to Present International honors society for business schools. This society is lifelong and is the equivalent of Phi Beta Kappa in the Liberal Arts.