Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager East Lansing, MI Work Experience Project Manager Allen Brothers Inc - Rochester Hills, MI 2013 to 2015 Acted as on-site quality control and made sure contractors understood company expectations  ? Identified and hired the best subcontracting crews based on the needs of the project  ? Coordinated schedules of various contractors on project sites  ? Spearheaded all large scale historical renovation contracts  ? Consistently met the essential project deadlines  ? Routinely met with each of the project contractors to track of forward progress  ? Tracked the efficiency of each team to get the maximum output  ? Provided weekly updates of project progress and communicated any problems or possible project delays when necessary  ? Ensured clear and effective communication between the client and the upper management  ? Led and mentored new employees on the jobsite  ? Managed multiple project budgets IT Director 2009 to 2015 Worked closely with upper management to adopt technology to improve company work flow and management  ? Developed a customer database (CRM) to effectively manage construction projects and the contractors working on each  ? Ensured the integrity of the data by monitoring the input of information at all times  ? Created a training program for customer database, which included a training manual as well as in person workshops as needed Marketing Director 2009 to 2015 Enhanced company's online platform through website redesign, user-centric functionality upgrades, targeted social media  ? Analyzed primary customer base to ascertain the best ways to promote Allen Brothers services  ? Created and deployed strategic marketing materials for each customer base using the customer data and feedback previously collected Marketing Director/Communications Manager LUMA Resources Solar - Rochester Hills, MI 2007 to 2015 Advised company owners on technology, marketing and design of publications and website  ? Spearheaded political marketing campaign that resulted in President Obama referencing LUMA Resources at the 2011 State of the Union Address  ? Leveraged company's State of the Union fame to market LUMA Resources to a national market  ? Managed all media contacts and prioritized which contacts to engage  ? Designed and created promotional videos and PowerPoint Presentations geared toward potential customers and investors  ? Organized and scheduled speaking engagements or presentations for the President of LUMA Resources to promote and educate people about the solar industry and LUMA products  ? Researched pertinent industry expos, trade shows, and conference appearances to showcase LUMA Products and Services  ? Registered the company  ? Booked appropriate employees to attend  ? Designed the company Booth and materials for each expo Education Bachelor of Science in Sociology Michigan State University - East Lansing, MI December 2018 Skills MARKETING, CONTENT CREATION, DATABASE, CRM, CSS, DREAMWEAVER, HTML, JAVASCRIPT, FLASH, PHOTOSHOP, ILLUSTRATOR, PREMIERE, SALES PEOPLE, PURCHASING, INVENTORY, ACCOUNTING, INDESIGN, DATABASE MANAGEMENT, Maintenance, Estimating, Outlook, budget, Scheduling Certifications/Licenses Driver's License