Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager Atlanta, GA A skilled Project Manager proficient at communicating business requirements, task tracking, and piloting projects throughout the entire life cycle. Talented at achieving results through collaborating with management and stakeholders to accomplish outlined goals. Experienced at cutting costs, meeting deadlines, and improving productivity. Work Experience Project Manager HPE - Austin, TX June 2018 to June 2019 • Acted as owner of the FDS (Functional Design Specifications) for HPE Next Gen Installation project. Created documentation to track the daily status and sign-off for each planned release. Utilized SharePoint to publish project reports and metrics  • Partnered with the Order Management team as a consultant. Collaborated with stakeholders to identify and translate business needs into developmental design specifications.  • Managed and assessed variances from the project plan to create an up to date burndown chart. Created presentations with MS Power Point based on the burndown chart data.  • Worked as part of the PMO to communicate and track project milestones.  • Facilitated weekly core team calls, presented status of project release issues, milestones and blocks. Collaborated with various teams on daily war room calls to update FDS status on a daily basis IT Project Coordinator, Emerson Austin, TX February 2017 to June 2018 • Acted as owner of the Instance Downtime plan for the R12 upgrade project  • Scheduled all stages of enterprise software and system implementations effort.  • Assessed business implications for each project phase and monitored progress to meet deadlines and standards.  • Facilitated daily bridge calls to review project issues  • Engaged with the technical team to obtain updates and bring issues to a resolution.  • Tracked the status of new and ongoing issues with Jira  • Excelled in guiding the work of technical teams.  ? Articulated project goals and scope  ? Translated business needs into technical terms  ? Prepared detailed work breakdown structures (WBS) and instilled shared accountability for achieving project milestones. Business Analyst Golfsmith - Austin, TX November 2014 to January 2017 • Created and maintained project documentation: Meeting minutes, agendas, risks, issue and change control procedures and logs.  • Provided executives with analytics and decision-support tools used as the basis for reorganization, consolidation, and relocation strategies.  • Partnered with developers to automate previously manual processes to save time and money while decreasing errors.  • Created PowerPoint reports, with the use of SAP Analytics, for monthly steering committee meetings.  • Managed the Purchase Order process and documented all purchase requests through Jira.  • Worked with key program team members, stakeholders, and project managers in planning and developing program/ project work plans and budgets  • Developed budget reports based on past spending for accurate financial forecasting  ? Report types:  * Plan VS Actual with variance analysis  * Workforce labor modeling VS actual  * Service level modeling and variance analysis.  • Collaborated with stakeholder groups across the organization to ensure business and technology alignment. Proposed solutions that met defined technical specifications and business needs.  • Performed quality assurance, system integration, and user acceptance testing that facilitated on-time results within budgetary constraints. Office Manager I-FLY - Austin, TX May 2014 to September 2014 • Supported day-to-day operations of office  • Coordinated executive travel  • Managed building maintenance.  • Managed vendor relationships for office supplies and office contracts.  • Created budgets and coordinated logistics for team-building events.  • Summarized credit card transactions and provided daily reporting to accounting for expense reconciliation. Project Coordinator Indeed - Austin, TX September 2012 to April 2014 • Directed the installation of all conference room AV equipment.  • Managed logistics and communications between vendors and internal teams  • Prepared SOW for installation needs, compared price quotes from various vendors, and created the budget for projects  • Managed special projects inclusive of creating the SOW for facility relocation.  ? Supervised interior designers and furniture consultants.  ? Procured furniture from various vendors and established operational standards.  ? Managed move in process in addition to coordinating furniture orders and staff re-locations.  • Designed a preventative maintenance plan for the HVAC.  ? Secured quarterly maintenance bids from HVAC vendors  ? Presented the bids to the project sponsor for approval  ? Scheduled maintenance with the selected vendor.  • Directed the installation of all the interior/exterior secured door panels.  ? Managed logistics and communications between all parties involved. Facilities Coordinator Electronic Arts - Austin, TX August 2010 to August 2012 • Managed accounts payable for the facilities department  • Developed budgets and approved invoices for payment.  • Managed special projects inclusive of creating the SOW for facility relocation.  ? Supervised interior designers and furniture consultants.  ? Procured furniture from various vendors and established operational standards.  ? Designed a move plan with the relocation vendor  ? Created a spreadsheet system to track employee personal items with their relocated desk assignment  ? Leveraged building CAT file blueprints to develop design/move plans  • Created site procedures manual to serve as a facilities document registry.  • Collaborated with systems administrators to upgrade software and applications.  • Managed logistics and communications between all parties involved.  • Supervised interior designers and furniture consultants Skills MS PROJECT, SHAREPOINT, TABLEAU, VISIO, POWER BI Certifications/Licenses Certified ScrumMaster (CSM) November 2018 to November 2020 Additional Information Software Skills  Microsoft Office, Excel, PowerPoint, V-Lookup, SharePoint, MS Project, Power BI, Oracle, Pivot Tables, Visio, Tableau, Oracle