Agile Coach Agile Coach Agile Coach - AIG Houston, TX Certified Scrum Master, SAFe Agilist and Agile Coach with experience driving value delivery through program/ project delivery. With a formal education in both Project and Business Management, I have extensive experience handling distressed initiatives by providing direction and strategy. I am a hands-on leader who motivates, trains, and provides guidance to teams to ensure consistent results. An organized self-motivator who's earned a valued reputation through a proven record of achievement. Strategic problem-solver with ability to work across all levels of an organization. I maintain a level-headed demeanor during crisis situations and am able to engage stakeholders at all levels. I also have excellent organization and communication skills, can keep necessary parties well-informed of critical situations and direct multiple resources to work as a unified team. Work Experience Agile Coach AIG January 2019 to Present • Coaches 4 assigned teams and other teams within AIG to deliver all projects using Agile Methodology.  • Focused primarily on training the teams to write good user stories, prioritize the work based on business value and handling of the tasks by the team. Placed substantial efforts on team member role training, time-boxing and providing strong metrics for all players.  • Brought in Agile best practices such as continuous integration, code/design reviews, transparency, accountability, rally tracking, product visioning, technical debt reduction, self-management, empowerment and role training resulting in realized velocity improvement and value delivery.  • Coached and assisted the team with relative story sizing/estimation, task definition and Readiness, Acceptance and Doneness criteria. Scrum Master/Agile Coach CHEVRON February 2018 to January 2019 • Supports project team on meeting facilitation, continuous improvement, and team productivity in terms of deliverable quality, velocity and value to the business.  • Exhibit leadership through Agile behaviors and mindset.  • Coaches teams in Agile Scrum principles, methodology and technology.  • Provide feedback and advice to new Agile project teams.  • Supports both the Agile and IT PM Communities of Practice.  • Provide feedback and advice to new Agile project teams  • Coach individuals in Agile principles  • Provide leadership, direction, and coaching to scrum teams and Scrum Masters  • Ensure cross-value stream coordination and collaboration  • Serve as an escalation point for impediment removal for and scrum teams  • Maintain metrics that provide visibility to stakeholders on team-level plans, progress and quality Sr. Project Manager/SCRUM Master - Integration, Infrastructure, Deployment GERMANIA INSURANCE May 2016 to February 2018 Tasked with the delivery of an integration strategy and architecture and guiding the development team in producing system integration applications and frameworks in support of strategic initiatives.  ? Manages changes to the integration architecture, enterprise level API and web services, service-oriented architecture, hardware updates and installation, the development of management processes to govern the integration layer and will manage the deployment of the application suite.  ? Manages delivery, scope and resource planning, budgeting and agile project management.  ? Acts as SCRUM Master for the team.  ? Communicates with both technical and non-technical audiences.  ? Develops roadmaps and migration plans for integration of vendor data, business applications, and system infrastructure to streamline interfaces, reduce redundancy and business costs.  ? Synchronizes the efforts of the development team with other project teams and removes any obstacles that may arise to maintain the team's high level of performance.  ? Maintains the team's schedule and work assignments.  ? Facilitates Scrum events:  ? Daily standups  ? Sprint planning  ? Sprint reviews  ? Sprint retrospectives  ? Grooms the backlog  ? Coaches teams on Agile processes and self-organization  ? Collaborates with Product Owner, assisting with backlog refinement, story development and communicating vision to others  ? Protects teams from interruptions  ? Removes team impediments  ? Ensures progress is tracked via available tools  ? Working knowledge of Rally  ? Understands user stories, definition of done, and acceptance criteria Sr. Technical Program/ Project Manager/Scrum Master - SAP SYSCO FOODS - Houston, TX July 2014 to December 2015 Successfully managed the delivery and enterprise-wide roll-out of the Pre-Determined Pricing Engine, a customized SAP Enterprise Resource Program application purposed with detecting cost/price changes and saving the updated cost/price with teams in multiple US and India locations.  ? Application supports sales and marketing by storing commodity price generated via SCM and CRM databases and pricing procedures to optimize catalog population, Order Management Express (eCommerce application) search response times and mobile application availability.  ? Project initiated in 2010 and was in distress from2012 to 2014 with a cost of $36M.  ? In 18 months:  ? Project Management methodology was migrated to Agile/SCRUM (requiring coaching and training of project resources) and MS Project Plan realigned;  ? Led daily stand-ups, worked with product owners to groom the backlog and plan sprints, and utilized agile boards/dashboards to motivate the team's migration from waterfall to agile.  ? Application delivered in 3 phases and is currently 99.99+% accurate at a total cost of $42M.  ? Project spend managed via forecast and cost modeling activities to predict and report on monthly estimate and actual spend.  ? Performs project management responsibilities relating to information technology implementations and integrations.  ? Responsible for coaching and enabling an agile scrum team delivering software features and integrations over consecutive sprints. Responsible for utilizing and improving established processes to enhance productivity, improve product quality and promote a high performing team.  ? On a day-to-day basis, removes impediments, shields the team from external interferences and facilitates intercompany interactions with the team. Continuously improves product quality and process efficiency while enabling a self-managed team. Sr. IT Project Manager/Scrum Master ACADEMY SPORTS + OUTDOORS - Katy, TX June 2013 to June 2014 PMO LEAD (eCommerce/Omnichannel)  ? Accountable for managing service delivery of technology solutions by providing focused SLA management to ensure customer satisfaction across the relevant customer and stakeholder base to increase sales by refining the firm's digital footprint and impact.  ? Delivered nine sustainable eCommerce, peak-time readiness and/or functional optimization services solution projects to fulfill business needs within the current sales, marketing and technology environments focused on transforming and growing the business by directing separate, geographically disbursed cross-functional project teams. All efforts utilized Agile/SCRUM methodologies and JIORA to assist in managing delivery where PM doubled as SCRUM Master by leading daily stand-ups, removing obstacles and motivating the team's performance.  ? Worked with the Product Owners and key stakeholders to groom the backlog and develop the sprint plan via JIRA.  ? Delivered a data management project where pricing procedures, conditions and records were migrated to the cloud (Amazon AWS) for quick processing and delivery.  ? Planned and delivered an Analytics (Google Analytics, Omniture) project to reveal performance drivers and develop resolutions to eCommerce sustainable sales and marketing concerns.  ? Worked alongside Technology and Business partners to forecast cost and acquire resources necessary to staff and complete projects (US/India).  ? Led enterprise-wide awareness of impacts and change as a result of project execution  ? Continually developed strong business relationships (internal and external to IT) and teams to foster successful delivery of high-quality technology solutions to complex marketing and sales verticals.  ? Demonstrates assertive yet tactful project management authority without having direct authority over project team  ? Manages, resolves, and escalates project risks and issues appropriately to ensure high quality deliverables.  ? Coordinates meetings with vendors and suppliers and maintaining relationships.  ? Motivated, developed and mentored other service delivery employees and managers.  ? Mentors less experienced Project Managers to develop a stronger project delivery team by providing process leadership and threat/risk mitigation strategies. Education Master of Business Administration in Project Management Keller Graduate School of Management - Chicago, IL 2008 Bachelor of Science in Computer Information Systems DeVry University - Chicago, IL Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/bernardcale Additional Information Database DB2, IMS, MS Access, Oracle, PeopleSoft, SAP  Programming ANSI X12 (EDI), ASP, C#, C++, HTML/XHTML, JAVA, PL/SQL & SQL, VB6, VB.net, XML  Software and Methodologies  Agile, Cognos 8, CRM, Continuous Programming, HP Quality Center, IBM Rational (ClearQuest, ClearCase, Insight, RequisitePro), IBM WebSphere Data Interchange, IRISE, J Creator, JIRA, ALM Microsoft (Office, Project, SharePoint, Visio), Oracle 9i, Process Analysis, Process Definition, Process Re-Engineering, Rally, SAP ((MM - Materials Management, SD - Sales and Distribution, CS - Customer service, WM - Warehouse Management, CRM and Financials), SCRUM, SwimLane Diagramming, RUP, Unica, UML, Use Cases