SAP Plant Maintenance Business analyst (Consultant) SAP Plant Maintenance Business analyst (Consultant) SAP Plant Maintenance Business analyst (Consultant) - US Army Medical Material Agency (USAMMA)/IndraSoft Washington, DC Experienced Project Manager with almost 10 years of experience performing multi-function management and business analysis for various projects. Analytical and proactive Program Manager with almost 10 years of experience managing infrastructure and software development and SAP projects, with budgets ranging from $500K to $5.5M. Work Experience SAP Plant Maintenance Business analyst (Consultant) US Army Medical Material Agency (USAMMA)/IndraSoft - Fort Detrick, MD December 2018 to Present * Perform systems analysis of TEWLS in the SAP Plant Maintenance (PM) Module.  * Serve as the Plant Maintenance consultant and provide technical support in the realization and configuration of TEWLS in this module.  * Conduct information and knowledge transfer with the TEWLS staffs.  * As a part of the configuration the contractor shall develop a test and evaluation program to ensure that all services, deliverables, and documents meet the requirements of USAMMA M3D.  * Provide all required plant maintenance capabilities to enhance the delivery of a fully functional and integrated wholesale maintenance system with all USAMMA TEWLS SAP production modules.  * Ensure 100 % validation and testability of the defined plant maintenance capabilities.  * Demonstrate expertise in the processes of these modules, including but not limited to, the following Plant Maintenance processes to include: Maintenance Orders; Maintenance Notifications; Capacity Planning; and Spare Parts availability.  * Provide complete understanding in the various SAP modules that interface and support plant maintenance, to include but not limited to the following Inventory Management, Warehouse Management, Production Planning, and assemblage management.  * Provide evaluation and recommendation to fully integrate SAP Plant Maintenance into current and future DEPOT maintenance operations.  * Provide all required regulatory reports, as well as reports that support the management of maintenance operations and ISO 9001 management reviews.  * Evaluate existing, revised, and new Plant Maintenance software functionality delivered by primary software developers for ease of use by typical end users that use the deployed software application.  * Provide process improvement of the Plant Maintenance Module in the areas of Maintenance Orders; Maintenance Notifications; Capacity Planning; and Spare Parts availability.  * Coordinate support for configuring the interface between Inventory Management, Warehouse Management, Production Planning, and Plant Maintenance systems.  * Possess expertise to provide for the configuration of Plant Maintenance that will fully support DEPOT maintenance operations.  * Develop maintenance reports in support of current reporting requirements using standard SAP reports.  * Evaluate existing, revised, and new Plant Maintenance software functionality delivered by primary software developers for ease of use by typical end users that use the deployed software application.  * Assist in the development, evaluation, and determination of corrective alternatives, including solutions involving software applications and functional practices. Program Manager, IT Infrastructure & ERP Solution Millennium Challenge Corporation (MCC)/QuiaCle Technology Solutions - Washington, DC April 2016 to December 2018 * Manage and maintain the Millennium Challenge Account (MCA) MIS Prototype solution in the D.C. area  * Provide support to upper management during a ServiceNOW implementation  * Provide recommendations on ServiceNOW configurations to support operational and organizational functions and goals  * Plan and support the implementation of the IT infrastructure and business solution for MCAs overseas  * Provide management support for the MCA MIS Program, including management of the MCA MIS prototype, MCA implementations and integration with other MCC IT initiatives, such as the MCC MIS  * Develop and maintain an integrated Project Plan that includes interdependencies between multiple efforts under the MCA MIS programs, such as concurrent MCA MIS implementations at multiple MCAs  * Responsible for communications, including status reporting, risk management and escalation of issues that cannot be resolved by the team  * Manage the core set of functional and technical requirements for the MCA MIS solution  * Ensure that MCC and MCA requests for changes are vetted, approved and documented according to process  * Manage project-related training materials in a training portal and ensure appropriate and adequate training materials are available for MCA MIS users  * Coordinate MCA MIS activities with other MCC IT initiatives, including the MCC MIS  * Collaborate with the MCC MIS Team, technical experts and other key stakeholders to identify areas for integration among the MCA and MCC applications  * Help to identify and secure the appropriate combination of resources (e.g. ERP integrator/architect and MCC MIS technical staff) required for completing the integration work  * Provide consistent Program messaging to ensure that key stakeholders are well informed of current and upcoming MCA MIS initiatives  * Conduct introductory meetings and prepare informational briefings for new Compacts and Country Teams so they have a complete understanding of the program, including scope, commitments, timelines and cost estimates  * Develop a standard MCA MIS informational package that includes a comprehensive overview of the program, from program vision to business and technical requirements to implementation strategies, costs and schedules  * Help with the development of documentation that can be used to help codify the MCA MIS Program into Compact Development Guidelines and other planning documentation  * Help to organize MCA MIS Site Assessments of new Compacts to collect requirements that are unique to each MCA  * Facilitate communications among the MCAs and selected vendors and to help foster relationships  * Support efforts to ensure that implementation activities are scheduled and executed as planned  * Work with the selected ERP integrator to validate the MIS standard configuration against the MCA-specific business needs and requirements and help to identify any gaps  * Work with the vendor and the MCA to determine the best approach for addressing gaps  * Responsible for collaborating with designated MCA resources to update MCA MIS Project Management Plans to include MCA-specific detail Project Manager C2 Solutions Group - Washington, DC January 2015 to April 2016 * This was a 12-month contract position that was extended.  * Manage a team of SharePoint Developers, Business Analysts, and BPM Analysts responsible for gathering requirements and developing use cases, and continue development of MCC systems such as the Management Information System (MIS), HRIS, and other SharePoint systems owned by MCC HR; ensure clear communication amongst the team; define and establish requirements for all BPM-related activities for assigned projects:  ? Ensure that business requirements team for each project fulfill stated requirements  ? Work with external and internal customer to elicit requirements using interviews, document analysis, requirements workshops, business process descriptions, uses cases, scenarios, test cases, business process models, Graphical User Interface (GUI) screens, interface designs and a Requirements Traceability Matrix (RTM)  * Lead all enterprise technical architecture activities, to include: conceptual and logical modeling and analysis of complex systems environments, technical infrastructure, and other components of MCC technical environment  * Oracle e-business, gov appointed end users, 12 people, customized applications based on department. Access management, onboarding, help desk.  * Stress Testing  * Repudiation.  * Cost analysis, Procurement (invoicing)  * Provide technical/management leadership on major tasks or technology assignments  * Apply domain and technical knowledge/expertise as a key decision-making authority  * Initiate and promote technical guidance, design patterns, and standards in collaboration with IT project stakeholders to implement EA-compliant technical solutions.  * Drive technical teams in investigating, analyzing, defining, tailoring, and implementing technology solutions that promote alignment between technology and mission objectives  * Collaborate and manage team members in a Service-Oriented Architecture driven organizational framework to create and deliver end-to-end business architecture for our clients.  * Provide oversight for all projects for the business requirements process, Business Process Mapping (BPM), modeling, and data capture efforts. Develop scope, project plans, requirements, budgets and Life Cycle Cost Estimate (LCCE) for several systems such as Learning Management System (LMS), Human Resource Information System (HRIS)  * Evaluate information gathered from multiple sources, reconcile conflicts, decompose high-level information into detailed sources, abstract up from low-level information to a general understanding, and distinguish user requests from the underlying true needs and develop/propose solutions based on users' needs  * Lead various meetings (i.e. interface meetings with clients, team meetings)  * Meet with decision makers at management/executive levels to discuss business needs, alternatives or findings  * Report project progress, issues and risks thorough project status report using a PowerPoint Quart Chart Senior Consultant, Finance QuiaCle Technology Solutions, Inc - Frederick, MD January 2014 to January 2015 * This was a 12-month contract position.  * Acted as a senior budget analyst for the Millennium Challenge Corporation (MCC) and lead adviser to the Budget Officer and CFO.  * Principal advisor for the formulation and execution of Annual, Multi and No-Year budgets.  * Prepared and finalized the formal budget submission and ensures that proper justification is provided for any increases.  * Responsible for developing budget strategy information to be used to justify budget requests to Congressional Staff that was consistent with existing legislative and regulatory guidance.  * Monitored status of funds at the budget and sub-budget activity level, ensuring that the proper Object Classes are being used.  * Team lead for review of all MCC Memo and Budget Data Request submitted to MCC.  * Planned and coordinated the presentation of annual and long-range budgets.  * Reviewed spending/obligation trends on an ongoing basis.  * Compared expenditures with available fiscal year balances. Coordinated with managers as needed to gather justifications and any other additional information needed. Provided subject matter expertise to managers regarding ongoing budget and financial management operations.  * Provided advisory recommendations on the phases or systems of budget administration associated with the performance of formulation of budget and estimates, review and evaluation of budget requests and controls, and reporting of obligations and expenditures.  * Generated, recommended, and implemented new and revised financial management concepts, internal controls, methodologies, policies, and strategies in support of the organization's programs.  * Directed and/or performed program execution reviews, analysis, and appraisal of the major operating and support programs within the organization. Project Management Consultant ICF International - Fairfax, VA July 2013 to January 2014 * This was a 6-month contract position.  * Supported and managed the development of use cases to define the functionality and requirements for a Mail Tracking System called Informed Visibility, a product of USPS.  * Addressed requirements to securely automate business processes.  * Facilitated Enterprise Architecture Review Board (EARB) meetings that track all control gates during a project.  * Created and maintained document templates that support the overall process (i.e., MS project plans, phased requirements, detailed design, and risk matrix documents).  * Used Rational Unified Process (RUP) and Agile methodologies to develop Use Case Flows, and Activity Flow Diagrams. (business object)  * Managed a team of Systems Analysts to develop Business Intelligence (BI) Use Cases. from scratch (interviewing SME, reviewing documentation to create flow charts to estimate how the process will flow with Visio, Microsoft project, Jira for the scrum. Forecasting to provide different options.  * Scheduled and tracked projects, working closely with the project managers to ensure continual work across all programs, and the effective use of resource to meet agreed milestones.  * Developed and executed comprehensive project plans, Integrated Master Schedule (IMS), negotiated project scope, and project deliverables  * Worked with stakeholders to establish goals, deliverables, resources, budget and training  * Analyzed and reported project status and research information, monitor project performance to maintain the quality of services, deliverables, and content  * Identified and eliminated obstacles to solution plans, business goals or implementation.  * Provided day-today technical direction to project staff. Managed day-to-day client relationships, ensured client satisfaction and works to develop long-term relationships  * Ensured project work is completed within budget and meets profitability target  * Supported and managed program maintenance through document development, data analysis and communication management ( IT) Project Planner/Risk Manager (Consultant) Systems Made Simple (SMS) - McLean, VA November 2012 to July 2013 * Edited, reviewed System Test Plans with our Quality Assurance team, and made presentations on software materials to executive managers.  * Defined project milestones, phases and elements; coordinated with a Sr. Business Analyst to create User's Guides and training materials.  * Facilitated/lead new project planning/scheduling sessions and periodic reviews of established plans, schedules with SMS management and government customers to develop/maintain schedules, identify issues, and preclude impact to project milestones and objectives.  * Supported projects by proactively implementing processes and methodologies related to planning, scheduling, cost analysis, estimating/forecasting estimate at complete data, risk assessment, cost and schedule performance and resource requirements, capacity and productivity analysis.  * Utilized trend analysis of cost and schedule performance to identify areas of concern to proactively implement corrective actions.  * Used documentation, presentation and project management/Agile tools such as Requirements Analysis, Business Process Analysis, Quality Management, MS Project, JIRA, Dynamics, MS Visio, SharePoint, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint to develop advanced scheduling that gives continual work flow for the overall work program ensuring all components of the project are completed within the expected delivery timeframes.  * Advised and supported the PMO, Project and Program Managers to meet their Customer, Delivery, and Safety, and Quality objectives through efficient scheduling using EVM analysis. IT Business Analyst (Consultant) Chenega Federal Systems/ DoD High Performance Computing Modernization Program (HPCMP) - Lorton, VA February 2012 to July 2012 * Documented current systems, reorganizing and rewriting Software Requirements Specifications for current software applications. Created and reviewed Story Cards that software developers have created as part of an Agile process.  * Advises on selection of technological purchases with regards to processing, data storage, data access, and applications development. Sets standards for the client/server relational database structure for the organization (SQL, ORACLE, SYBASE, etc.).  * Implemented and integrated an enterprise change control system including the creation of a change control board (CCB) and configured a change management system using Request Tracker (RT). Developed and implemented a CCB process (using Visio) to monitor and control changes effectively. Lead Systems Analyst TeAM Inc - Falls Church, VA July 2010 to December 2011 * Promoted to project lead role to plan, schedule, and execute all stages of infrastructure, hardware and system implementations. Assessed business implications for each project phase and monitored progress to meet deadlines, standards, and cost targets.  * Lead system design activities and/or reviews system designs to assure that applications solutions will exhibit expected levels of performance, security, scalability, maintainability, appropriate reusability and reliability upon deployment. Advised of feasibility of potential future projects to management.  * Created detailed Project Work Breakdown Structure; developed Level of Efforts and resource plans based on interactions and negotiations with cross-functional teams for the infrastructure program.  * Guided technical teams, articulated project goals and scope, translated business needs into technical terms, prepared detailed work breakdown structures and instilled shared accountability for achieving project milestones.  * Created cost-benefit analyses, return-on-investment (ROI) assessments, business case analysis (BCA), and economic analysis (EA) that were used as the basis for decision-making on proposed infrastructure implementation projects.  * Managed a project consisting of system LAN upgrades with a yearly budget of $12M, part of MCiS top-priority program. Worked closely with the vendor's project managers to ensure that the program came in ahead of schedule, exceeding specifications, while meeting budget (including approved changes).  Cost Analyst  * Supported the Defense Health Information Management Systems (DHIMS)-Engineering Management Services (EMS) team by using the Defense acquisition methodology and tools that include the oversight of software and applications projects under the Defense Program Management Office (PMO).  * Tracked requirements with baseline tools and created use cases to decompose those requirements and allocate costs. Used data provided by product developers to generate Life Cycle Cost Estimates for automated information systems (software, hardware). ( IT) Project Analyst (Consultant) Palladian Partners - Silver Spring, MD October 2009 to July 2010 * Used a variety of project management tools including risk management tools such as, SharePoint, Request Tracker, Risk Analysis to provided project management, integration services, and business solutions covering all aspects of design and development of Web site's editorial voice and style, and the daily content programming and production of the Web site.  * Managed up to 26 developers: allocated tasks, and tracked their work using MS Project. Participated in a benchmark analysis meeting with clients to determine strategic goals and metrics.  * Wrote requirements specifications according to standard templates using natural language simply and concisely.  * Presented weekly status reports for the above program to senior management (directors and assistant vice presidents), covering project accomplishments, risks, issues, changes, and earned value-based cost / schedule performance. Education MBA in Leadership Georgetown University July 2018 Master Certificate in Systems Design and Project Leadership eCornell University 2017 Master's in Systems Engineering in Systems Engineering George Washington University 2008 Bachelor of Science in Finance in Finance SUNY Plattsburgh 2006 Associate of Science in Business Administration and Management in Business Administration and Management Clinton Community College 2004 Skills REQUIREMENTS ANALYSIS, VISIO, SAP, CMMI, MICROSOFT SHAREPOINT Additional Information Areas of Expertise    * Project Management  * Agile methodologies (Scrum)    * ServiceNow  * Business Process Analysis  * Learning Management Systems (LMS)  * Client Management  * CMMI Audit & Compliance  * EVM Analysis and Cost Analysis  * Knowledge Management    * SAP Plant Maintenance  * Risk Management  * Business Intelligence  * Requirements Analysis  * Best Practices Analysis  * Quality Management  • Resource Management    Technical Skills  * Microsoft Office 2003, 2007, 2010, and 2013 (Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint, Visio, Project)  * Microsoft SharePoint 2010, 2013  * Mind Mapping  * JIRA, Confluence, Gliffy, HipChat  * Textura Construction Payment Management