IT Project Manager II <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> II IT Project Manager II - Dycom Inc, Palm Beach Gardens Palm City, FL Self-Motivated Project Manager with a focus on team leadership and collaboration to support the organization's mission.    ? PMP Certified (I.D. 2556368)  ? Bachelor's of Science in Business (with additional Master's coursework completed)  ? Six Sigma Yellow belt certified  ? ITIL certified (Est. August 2019) Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager II Dycom Inc, Palm Beach Gardens March 2018 to Present Summary of role. To plan, execute, and close projects according to strict deadlines and within budget. This includes acquiring resources and coordinating the efforts of team members and third-party contractors or consultants in order to deliver projects according to plan. I also fill the roles of Business Analyst and Resource Manager on several projects.    Given "Exceeds expectations" on all monthly reviews to date.    Dycom Projects  Generally Iterative (Agile/Waterfall in nature), projects are all enterprise-wide efforts, impacting 15,000+ employees across 42 subsidiaries  Payroll Conversion Program (Closed successfully)  ? Project: ADP to Ultipro data conversion. Regular communication with 75+ stakeholders. Coordination with Internal /external vendors to ensure all deadlines were met. Interface with Senior management regularly to provide status updates.  ? Project: Account length standardization. Uniformity for length of GL for payroll conversion.  ? Project: File Number to Enterprise Employee ID. Adopting unique employee identifier across all subsidiaries  ? Project: Job Costing Migration. Custom MDSL module creation to replace ADP's solution  Common Chart of Accounts Program  ? Project: Area to State mapping. Standardization of all fields used for state payroll tax identification  ? Project: Archive and purge. Coordinate procurement of additional server to store all GL data. Purge historical data from production server to allow conversion to occur smoothly and quickly  ? Project: Common Chart of Account conversion. GL standardization across entire enterprise. Requires Integration Management to ensure all projects in program create a concerted effort.  ? Enterprise-wide UTA Migration (Ultipro Timekeeping)  ? Procure to Pay  ? Microsoft Solomon (MDSL) Upgrade Project Manager I G4S Solutions USA - Jupiter, FL June 2016 to March 2018 Summary of role. Responsible for the Smart safe conversion of multiple big-box retail locations, including all 5000+ Walmart locations. PM for multiple projects under the umbrella of the cash management portfolio.  ? Initiating, Planning, Executing, Monitoring and Controlling, and closing of multiple projects  ? Regular interaction with Walmart/Target senior management  ? Meetings, presentations, and status updates to stakeholders  ? Risk assessments and exploitation of opportunities  ? Coordination and collaboration with 3rd party vendors and customers across the country- including Garda, Loomis, Walmart, Target, Jack in the Box, and many others.  ? Involved in operational training and transition  G4S Projects  Projects completed were primarily Waterfall in nature and ranged from construction, financial systems, telecommunications, and process betterment. Go-live schedule on large-scale deployments involved multiple parties (including banks and 3rd party vendors). For many of the project I was lead Project Manager, Business Analysis, Resource Manager, and IT Support resource.    Walmart Recycler Program (Closed Successfully)  ? Project: Cash Recycler Deployment- Nationwide rollout to 5000+ Walmart locations. Go-lives would occur in groups on a weekly basis.  ? Project: Modem Deployment- Nationwide audit of the current modems in the field. Negotiations with multiple vendors to determine the best option. Modem recovery and replacement with upgraded unit.  ? Project: Key and lock deployment- Root cause of key issue occurring in field using various data analysis methods. Determination of the best resolution, execution of solution.  ? Project: Wells Fargo software integration- Coding to allow Wells Fargo's communication with the recycler unit  ? Project: Walmart register process- Walmart introduced new type of check-out system that required software solution. Led team that implemented solution. Payroll Specialist Paychex, Inc. - West Palm Beach, FL December 2015 to June 2016 Pilot Connectivity- Responsible for root-cause analysis of connectivity issues at our Target pilot. Led team in finding an internet solution which ultimately resulted in G4S winning Target as a client.  ? Project: Jack-in-the-Box Connectivity- Brought on to solve large-scale connectivity issues being experienced. Presented findings, determined and deployed large scale solution which was iteratively adopted to future process.  ? Project: Virus mitigation- I led team to root-cause and implement solution, as well as negotiate credits from the providers.    Paychex, West Palm Beach - Payroll Specialist  Dec 2015 - June 2016  ? Remote account management as single point of contact for assigned client base  ? Payroll processing  ? HR onboarding  ? Assist in implementing new software pushes  ? Technical support  ? Maintain the highest rating of client retention possible  ? Offer solutions to client needs by coordinating with multiple departments IT Systems Specialist PrimePoint - Mount Holly, NJ July 2014 to November 2015 Remote Technical Support  ? Payroll processing  ? Commanding knowledge of Kronos Workforce Ready (formerly SaaShr)  ? Windows, Linux, Mac OS, Android, iOS, and Blackberry troubleshooting experience  ? Communication with development team and other departments    PrimePoint Projects  ? SaaShr UI refresh to Kronos Workforce Ready  ? Migration from SQL to PostgreSQL Solutions Specialist Verizon Wireless - Hamilton Square, NJ February 2011 to July 2014 Technical support and troubleshooting  ? Implementation and use of proprietary software  ? Use of Microsoft Office: Excel, Word, Outlook, and PowerPoint  ? Contract management  ? Received "Red Carpet" Award for outstanding customer service  Verizon Projects  ? Delphi Fleet Tracking deployment Education Bachelors in Science in Business Liberty University - Lynchburg, VA 2004 to 2009 Skills Deployment, Migrations, Technical project management, Kronos, Adp, Information Technology, PMP, Project Management, PM, SDLC, Waterfall, Itil, Software Development Certifications/Licenses PMP March 2019 to Present