Job Seeker Project Manager Professional/Cyber Security Stafford, VA ASPIRING PROJECT MANAGEMENT PROFESSIONAL    To secure a position in Corporate America, or Department of Defense (DoD) to effectively utilize my undergraduate degree in Marketing, and graduate degree in Project Management to improve an organization's overall performance in revenue and profit. Specifically, leverage my Project Management Institute's "Gold Standard for Project Management Professional (PMP) Certification" to assist a corporation, or DoD Agency achieve their goals IAW Cost, Schedule, and Performance objectives; for optimal program success. Work Experience U.S. Army National Guard - Bowling Green, VA June 2018 to Present 22427 (Part-Time)    • Perform cyber attacks/defenses  • Perform cyber intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance actions on specified systems and networks  • Conduct network terrain audits, penetration testing, basic digital forensics data analysis, and software threat analysis  • React to cyberspace events, employ cyberspace defense infrastructure capabilities, collect basic digital forensics data, provide incident response impact assessments and produce network security posture assessments Project Manager/Business Process Reegineer U.S. Army National Guard - Fort Belvoir, VA January 2019 to June 2019 22060 (Full-Time)    • Conduct Business Process Re-engineering (BPR) assessments of the client's contracting/procurement processes to assess weaknesses, identify gaps, and opportunities for streamlining and improvement.  • Identify non-congruence between the client's procurement-related policies, directives, instructions, and Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs).  • Conduct user role mapping analysis to validate appropriate Separation of Duties (Sods) across end-users and super-user population, including risk mitigation strategy and monitoring controls where SODs cannot be avoided.  • Identify misalignments between job functions and user-roles as indicated in role mapping and SOD analysis.  • Facilitate/support efforts to analyze, define and map client's procurement-related policies, directives, instructions, and standard operating procedures.  • Develop elements of systems design deliverables, including data capture/migration rules, business rules, wireframes, or other detailed deliverables (documentation, SOP, Training materials, Test Plans)  • Serves and the identity and access management business process reengineer supporting the government project lead. Provide key mission critical functions to support all task under the portfolio. Cyber PM/Cyber Security Risk Manager U.S. Army National Guard - Washington, DC September 2018 to January 2019 20006 (Full-Time)  Demonstrate proven thorough knowledge and success with completing and supervising various work streams on client engagements involving conducting evidentiary analyses of network penetrations and data theft, including:  • Firewalls  • Intrusion Detection/Prevention Systems  • Proxy Servers  • Log Aggregation Technology  Demonstrate proven thorough competency and success with analyzing evidence collected during a cyber attack investigation, including:  • Memory Collection and Analysis tools  • Network Traffic Collection and Analysis tools  • Sandboxing and other Dynamic Malware Analysis tools  • Static Malware Reverse Engineering Analysis  • Computer, Forensic analysis, Windows, Linux, Mac OS and file systems  • Computer Programming: C++, Python, Perl, PowerShell, .NET, VBScript Cyber Program Manager U.S. Army National Guard - Arlington, VA September 2017 to January 2019 22202 (Full-Time)  Successfully implemented a custom JIRA and Confluence solution. As a result communications are now streamlined throughout the ODCFO organization which increased productivity and greatly reduced pit falls.  • Oversaw the design and development of software solutions that adhere to applicable policies and comply with information security requirements  • Supervised the implementation of Role Based Access Controls (RBAC) for the JIRA and Confluence solution.  • Lead Identity and Access Management (IAM), including those involving Authoritative Source, Identity Management, Provisioning, Authentication, Authorization, Monitoring and Certifications, and Auditing and Reporting  • Expressed technical information to leadership and staff to ensure proper IT operations.  • Managed and provided oversight of the methods or tools for developing, scheduling, coordinating projects and resources, including monitoring and inspecting costs Cyber Project Manager United States Department of Defense (DSS) - Stafford, VA June 2016 to September 2017 22554 (Full-Time)  Implemented new policies, procedures, and project documentation while simultaneously leading projects to their successful completion, clearing 50% of the organizations project workload. This allowed the organization to free up many resources throughout the organization.    • Oversaw and managed the operational aspects of ongoing IT Cyber Security projects and served as liaison between Gov Program Management Office (PMO)  • Ensured the integrity and protection of networks, systems, and applications by technical enforcement of organizational security policies, through monitoring of vulnerability scanning devices.  • Oversaw the development and implementation of information assurance/ DoD security standards and procedures  • Worked with internal and external clients to ensure proper operation of IT systems.  • Designed, implemented, and deployed functional, resilient, and secure IdAM solutions  • Accurately characterized risk and helped to lead remediation efforts  • Oversaw Project Managers and the development, implementation and execution of multiple (or large scale) project plans  • Performed analysis of systems and reviewed processes for improvement or new proposed systems.  • Planned, developed, analyzed and implemented security designs for new or existing systems Cyber Program Manager United States Department of Agricultural - Washington, DC January 2016 to September 2017 Through a very successful Cyber Security implementation within one division under my leadership, USDA decided to implement these services across several other divisions within USDA.    • Supported all efforts necessary to ensure all information systems maintained security standards/regulations according to NIST SP800-53.  • Supported patch management and vulnerability assessment  • Reviewed, and monitored the proper use and implementation of the departmental Risk Management Framework (RMF).  • Oversaw the technical lead for the creation and tailoring of NIST 800-53 control baselines and overlays.  • Acted as liaisons to third party vendors (or PAS/Platform as A Service) to review and ensure proper security applications pertaining to the ISSO.  • Managed the review and submission of all necessary documents provided to the OCIO as a means to obtain the systems ATO (authority to operate).  • Coordinated with ISSO to lead efforts to remediate POA&M items through continuous monitoring and use of vulnerability assessment tools and processes  • Identified problems and determined appropriate system changes, upgrades or design to ensure proper function.  • Worked with Security Control Assessment (SCA) engineers to identify and mitigate system vulnerabilities  • Worked with the Third party (PAS) to mitigate system deficiencies (POA&M's) required by both the CIO and OCIO of USDA.  • Ensured that the program activities complied with all relevant legislation and professional standards  • Performed risk analysis, audit and compliance. IT Program Manager Futron Incorporated - Woodbridge, VA January 2015 to December 2015 22193 (Full-Time)  Effectively led over 16 projects and their teams simultaneously, improving the company's overall performance. This allowed the company to expand throughout several agencies and win new work within others.  • Performed as the Program Manager for the implementation of security components  • Oversaw and supported penetration testing of systems  • Contributed to development of enhancing systems defensive capabilities  • Ensured that an adequate IT Security Program is in place (SOPs, User Guides, Training, STIG and IAVM compliance etc.)  • Oversaw identifying and resolving software and network vulnerabilities  • Ensured all security standards/regulations are maintained according to NIST SP800-53  • Developed Organizationally Defined Values in support of Agency Risk Tolerance and NIST 800-53  • Managed teams of diverse operations including Systems Analysts, Helpdesk, Systems Administrators, Network Engineers, and Server Administrators.  • Oversaw installing, hardening, deploying, documenting, and troubleshooting of network perimeter security technologies.  • Conducted overseer review and provided recommendations on various types of contracts, techniques for contracting or procurement, and contract negotiation and administration.  • Coordinated with third party (Cisco), to ensure patches were current and compatible  • Oversaw the development of Plans of Actions and Milestones (POA&Ms) to address security control deficiencies  • Established and maintained liaison relationships with government and contractor personnel to ensure effective coordination of all project efforts  • Oversaw implementation and testing of patches to ensure all virtual machines were running properly.  • Quantified risk and briefed varying levels of stakeholders on risk  • Directed and coordinated activities of designated projects to ensure that the goals of projects were completed within a specific time frame Cyber Project Manager Virginia State University - Petersburg, VA January 2014 to December 2014 23806 (Full-time)  At my own direction, successfully created new Project documentation for each Knowledge area & Process group for the PMO which was fully adopted and implemented replacing the current standard throughout the organization.    • Along with the CISO, successfully lead a software upgrade (Blue Coat) to effectively manage web content throughout the university.  • Managed the Vulnerability Management Process via the Enterprise Mission Assurance Support Service (eMASS).  • Recognized potential, successful, and unsuccessful intrusion attempts and compromises thorough reviews and analyses of relevant event detail and summary information  • Lead efforts to certify and accredit newly implemented technological resources based on the desired security posture of the organization  • Managed the development of information security plans, to prevent information systems vulnerabilities, and provided or restored security of information systems and network services.  • Oversaw periodic and on-demand system audits and vulnerability assessments, including user accounts, application access, file system and external web integrity scans to determine compliance  • Ensured that the proper security standards were in place and maintained in case of emergencies, i.e. fail-safe, fail-secure during emergencies.  • Translated architecture and typology of software, hardware, and networks, including LANS, WANS, and telecommunications systems, their components and associated protocols and standards, and how they operate and integrate with one another and with associated controlling software.  • Prepared project documents such as project charter, cost analysis, risk assessment, agency procurement request, project organizational structure, project close-out, and project plans.  • Maintained and updated the overall project schedule, with input from other team members. Provided the Project Management Office with periodic status information, based upon the schedule, including schedule variances.  • Contributed to the analysis of design constraints to identify necessary lifecycle support.  • Maintained risks and issues tracking log and generate periodic project performance metrics, in coordination with the Project Management Office. Jr. Project Manager United States Marine Corps January 2009 to January 2011 USMC) Semper Fit, 2073 Barnett Ave, Quantico, VA 22134 (Full-Time)    • Informed, and interfaced with all relevant parties on a needs-basis ensuring they are aware of project progress  • Contributed to improving the project management methodology by sharing lessons learned.  • Defined the responsibilities of project members in partnership with line management motivating team members, providing regular feedback, positive recognition.  • Provided project management and strategic planning support to the Sponsor  • Assisted in monitoring, enhancing, and continuing to develop and mature the Portfolio Management and Project Management Review process  • Assisted in developing new programs and maturing existing programs, including; reviewing, updating, and/or revising current needs assessment, procedures, and documents based on customer feedback Education Masters of Science in IT Project Management University of Virginia - Charlottesville, VA December 2013 Masters of Science in IT Project Management Virginia State University - Petersburg, VA December 2013 Bachelors of Science in Business Management Virginia State University - Petersburg, VA December 2012 Skills Microsoft project, Time management, Risk management, Quality control, Budget management, Marketing, Budget, Communications management, Quality control management, Microsoft powerpoint, Powerpoint, Personnel management Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) PMI-ACP CEH CASP Security+ CNDA Additional Information SKILLS & EXPERTISE   • Marketing • Budget Management  • Project Scope Management • Project Time Management  • Cost and Schedule Management • Project Quality Control Management  • Personnel Management • Communications Management  • Microsoft Project • Systems Authorization & Accreditation (A&A)  • Risk Management Framework (RMF) • Microsoft PowerPoint