Project Delivery Specialist II <span class="hl">Project</span> Delivery Specialist II Project Delivery Specialist II - Deloitte Consulting, LLP Washington, DC Results-oriented Information Technology professional with a proven ability to deliver products and services that exceed customer expectations. Analyzed, recommended, and performed updates to government's IT catalog; with a focus on end-user devices and infrastructure devices. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Delivery Specialist II Deloitte Consulting - Washington, DC January 2019 to Present Provide IT consulting services to the Department of State  Project manager for data center transition activities and optimization Program Analyst Peridot Solutions, LLC - Stafford, VA January 2018 to Present • Deliver analysis of documentation in support of meeting program goals and objectives.  • Assist the customer, Marine Corps System Command, with IMS and procurement scheduling  using Microsoft Project.  • Ensure documents follow all mandatory DoD, DoN, and MCSC policies, directives, and regulations.  • Provide IT analysis and insights to customer.  • Update and maintain Standard Operating Procedures (SOP).  • Develop and update documentation in preparation for key milestones (such as Acquisition  Decision Memorandums and Acquisition Program Baselines). Capacity Manager SHR Consulting, LLC - Arlington, VA March 2018 to January 2019 • Utilize vRealize Operations (vROps) and Nutanix Prism Element for the extraction, manipulation, analysis, and reporting of performance and capacity metrics.  • Develop system baseline performance and capacity metrics from CPU, memory, and storage.  • Apply critical thinking and analytical skills to the variety and volume of data in response  to ongoing metrics across a wide range of systems.  • Perform trending analysis of performance data.  • Create and distributes performance data reports.  • Develop capacity forecasts based on upcoming project initiatives.  • Communicate solutions and potential risks to teams and management.  • Gather enterprise resource utilization data (license usage and hardware utilization).  • Execute scripts using PowerShell to automate the task of finding data on vROps.  Engineer II Geodesicx, Inc - Stafford, VA June 2014 to January 2018 • Provide IT support for the customer's engineering team to make critical changes and updates to computer configuration sheets.  • Utilize configuration management principles to ensure the integrity and accuracy of catalog  configurations.  • Research identified IT technologies to update equipment on an online catalog.  • Assist in transition and integration efforts for the customer's imaging facility.  • Perform analysis and evaluation throughout different stages of the system development life-cycle.  • Provide engineering services as requested based on emergent requirements which includes:  system requirements development, technical requirement analysis, technical drawings, data  dictionaries, network design, and system upgrades.  • Repurposed servers to perform new tasks, such as imaging devices and providing file services.  • Hardened devices to comply with government security standards, using the STIG (Security  Technical Implementation Guide) put together by DISA (Defense Information System Agency). IT Technical Intern BAE Systems - Enterprise Shared Services - Herndon, VA May 2013 to January 2014 Implemented a virtual testing environment for the Application Team, as a Project Lead, utilizing  Microsoft Server 2012's Hyper-V to create and manage Virtual Machines.  • Provided documentation to support long term project - scope, requirements, statement of work  and network diagram.  • Installed software components such as Dell's HIT Kit to enhance Microsoft's Failover Cluster.  • Administered accounts over a network using Microsoft Active Directory to allow or deny access  to individuals and groups.  • Diagnosed problems in order to research solutions throughout the project such as network  problems, compatibility issues, and firewall limitations.  • Instructed supervisor on the progress and details and presented implementation of the project to executives and staff at BAE. Delivery Driver Domino's Pizza - Quantico, VA May 2011 to January 2013 • Secured over 500 dollars every week  •Reported money received through orders at end of each shift  •Ensured pizza is delivered on time   •Strengthened crew by becoming a trusted employee  •Contributed to building a team work atmosphere  •Maintained even-tempered manner in stressful situations  •Answered multiple phone lines to take orders  •Represented Domino's through providing friendly customer service  •Trained new drivers in accordance with Domino's Pizzas' training methods and rules  •Committed employee who completed all tasks assigned  •Developed time management skills that helps the team of drivers maintain organization  •Operated tools, ovens, and computers to successfully complete all customers orders  Education Bachelor of Science in Business Administration in Information Systems & Security Longwood University - Farmville, VA May 2014 Skills Hyper-V (Less than 1 year), Linux (Less than 1 year), Mac (Less than 1 year), Mac OS (Less than 1 year), Microsoft Office (Less than 1 year), DOD, Excel Additional Information Operating Systems: Windows 7, Windows 8, Windows Server 2012, Mac OS X, Linux (Ubuntu)  Applications: Microsoft Office Suite, Microsoft (Visio & Project)  Cloud: Microsoft Hyper-V, Failover Cluster, VMware vSphere