IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Atlanta, GA Sponsorship required to work in the US Work Experience IT Project Manager Responsemine Interactive - Atlanta, GA August 2012 to May 2017 Brought on to lead a new department responsible for the technology infrastructure of this fast-paced media and marketing company. The immediate challenge was to build a, highly available and easily scalable infrastructure that would be versatile enough to handle web hosting and internal functions while maintaining various compliance standards including PCI and HIPAA. Concurrently, the company had systems in place but no i.t. oversight or direction and was reaching the limit of its on-premises corporate infrastructure. Expansion was necessary to support its quickly growing work force.      ·        Built a cost-effective, reliable, elastic production infrastructure using several services from Amazon Web Services (VMWare, Jungle Disk Storage, Elastic Load Balancing).  ·        Executed the migration of on-premises Exchange environment to Hosted Exchange and Office 365 with single sign-on using Directory Synchronization and Active Directory Federation Services.   ·        Managed a team to handle the day-to-day operations/support of internal and customer-facing systems for all locations, develop best practices to enhance employee productivity through the use of ITIL, continually manage vendor relationships to lower costs and increase ROI, keeping the company Tech forward.  ·        Installed and administered SharePoint 2013 for internal use with an emphasis on collaborative apps and file distribution.  ·        Manage GPO’s applying proper permissions to certain groups further enforcing compliance standards and security.   Field Systems Engineer Delta Airlines March 2011 to August 2012 Systems Analyst Varec, Inc October 2008 to March 2011 Education High school or equivalent Skills ITIL, SDLC, Process Improvement, Project Management, Leadership, Risk Management, PM Methodologies, Agile, Kanban, Client Relationship Management, Budget Planning, Negotiation, Microsoft Project, Trello, Agile, Scrum, Kanban, Wrike, Slack, Podio, Liquid Planner, Control Scan, Hively, Jungle Disk, Sonic Wall, Microsoft VLSC, Basecamp, Mailchimp, VMWare, Spiceworks, Meraki Wireless, Firehost hosting service, SharePoint Admin, Windows Server Hyper V, Exchange Admin, O365 Admin, Various CRM’s, WebEx, Cisco AnyConnect, VPN, Jira, Asana, Microsoft Suite, (7 years), PM, SDLC, Scrum Master, Waterfall