IT Support Specialist <span class="hl">IT</span> Support Specialist IT Support Specialist - Carters - Oshkosh B'gosh Alpharetta, GA A result-driven IT Professional with more than 3 years of  experience and knowledge within the corporate IT environment.  Established experience in LAN, MAC OS and Windows  systems initiatives while executing the planning, analyzing, and    implementing solutions for many clients to support their  ? business objectives. Work Experience IT Support Specialist Carters - Oshkosh B'gosh - Braselton, GA September 2017 to Present Installed and maintained the company's computer systems and network which also includes upgrades and security. Performing in and outbound calls providing technical  assistance which includes a step-by-step walkthrough of technical problems while remote access is enabled. Crash assistance with remote retail location's server and  network outages that might prompt coordinating a tech dispatch. Systems Administrator - Manager Nova Games - Freehold, NJ January 2017 to September 2017 Developed network infrastructure and connection to sister store. Installed and maintained all sales driving software including POS and social media platforms. Held  connections with local distributors and procured all monthly stock shipments. Project Management - Internship Caret Corporation - Little Falls, NJ March 2016 to December 2016 Created cloud based solutions to an already existing architecture. Developed training  materials and procedures for all new systems and data schemes. Oversaw individual  projects and aided Senior project managers in tasks. Store Manager Easy Spirit - Freehold, NJ May 2015 to June 2016 Led a team day to day and consistently met sales goals and quotas. Met all goals except for two months in overall sales and online orders exceeding all locations in the same  district. Performed employee trainings and evaluations monthly which led to a winning  sales team. Tech Manager Sprint - Freehold, NJ September 2012 to May 2015 Answering user inquiries regarding computer software and hardware operation.  Installation and performed repairs to hardware, software and peripheral equipment,  following design and installation specifications. Conducted computer diagnostics to investigate and resolve problems and provide technical assistance and support.  Developed training materials and procedures. Provided recommendations for resolving defects. Education Bachelors in Computer Science in Computer Science Montclair State University - Montclair, NJ September 2012 to May 2016 Associates Brookdale Community College - Montclair, NJ September 2008 to May 2010 Skills Help Desk, Service Desk, Desktop Support, MAC, Active Directory Additional Information Skills    ? Work well independently or in a group setting providing all facets of  computer support such as troubleshooting, installations, and maintenance.  ? With strong in-depth knowledge and understanding of numerous client  enterprise intelligence programs with defined expertise with Windows  systems along with knowledge of SQL, Linux, and Swift.  ? Heavy emphasis of network and software support for retail and corporate  locations.  ? Strong leadership skills in a goal oriented, high-pressure team  environments of technical professionals while maintaining quality and  efficiency.  ? Expertise includes identifying cost savings through partnering with  vendors and contract professionals.  ? Ability to solve technical issues and communicate highly technical  information to a non-technical audience.  ? 2+ years of technical experience working in various Windows Systems  with an emphasis on network design, project management, and Software  and Hardware Consulting.  ? Extensive experience working with and Troubleshooting with network and  hardware design.    ?