Sr. Business Information Analyst Sr. Business Information Analyst Sr. Business Information Analyst - NATIONWIDE INSURANCE Columbus, OH Work Experience Sr. Business Information Analyst NATIONWIDE INSURANCE - Columbus, OH July 2018 to Present COLUMBUS, OH July 2018 - current  An insurance and financial services company that currently holds $157 billion in assets, which makes them one of the largest of these types of companies in the world.    Sr. Business Information Analyst  * Work with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging company data to drive business solutions.  * Mine and analyze data to drive the optimization and improvement of product development, marketing techniques and business strategies.  * Staying up-to-date on the latest process and IT/BI advancements to automate and modernize systems.  * Evaluate, test and recommend new opportunities for enhancing our software, hardware and IT processes  * Leveraging business intelligence (BI) applications to generate internal and external reports.  * Organizing executive meetings and using Data Storytelling to convey information.  * Provide documentation support for requirements gathering, process and gap analysis, and many more.  * Providing leadership, training, coaching, and guidance to junior staff. IT Leadership Intern ( Project Manager/Business Analyst) I.C.STARS - Columbus, OH April 2018 to July 2018 *COLUMBUS, COLUMBUS, OH April 2018 - July 2018  A rigorous 4-month (1000 hour) technology-based workforce development and leadership training program which focuses on leadership in technology using a project-based learning method, and full immersive training.    IT Leadership Intern ( Project Manager/Business Analyst)  * Planned, budgeted, oversaw, and document all aspects of the assigned project.  * Delegated tasks using JIRA, Trello, SharePoint platforms to maintain an Agile, collaborative environment.  * Managed the communication and clarification of requirements between the business and the dev teams.  * Analyzing documents and constructing FRD's to highlight technical specifications.  * Designed wireframes, use cases, and storyboarding for UI/UX front-end development.  * Preformed web, unit, and database testing to consistently to ensure functionalities of applications.  * Identified growth & utilization trends using data analytics.  * Generated reports using Business Intelligence tools.  * Maintained systems to track/monitor compliance. AT&T Technical Support VXI - Akron, OH December 2013 to December 2017 One of the top 50 telemarketing companies in the United States specializing in call center and BPO services, multilingual support, software development, quality assurance testing, and infrastructure outsourcing.     AT&T Technical Support  * Use of emotional intelligence to de-escalate and handle irate customers.  * Listening to the customer to gain an accurate understanding of the situation.  * Independent problem solving and critical thinking to determine new or existing solutions to technical problems. Produce accurate, detailed documentation throughout all phases of troubleshooting.  * Dispatch technicians for onsite diagnostics and installations. Education education EASTLAND CAREER CENTER - Groveport, OH August 2010 to May 2012 Business Administration KENT STATE UNIVERSITY - Kent, OH Skills .NET (Less than 1 year), Application Development (Less than 1 year), Architecture (Less than 1 year), BI (Less than 1 year), Bootstrap (Less than 1 year), business intelligence (1 year), C# (Less than 1 year), CSS (Less than 1 year), Documenting (Less than 1 year), HTML (Less than 1 year), JavaScript (Less than 1 year), jQuery (Less than 1 year), Microsoft Office (Less than 1 year), Microsoft Visio (Less than 1 year), MicroStrategy (Less than 1 year), MODEL VIEW CONTROLLER (Less than 1 year), MODEL-VIEW-CONTROLLER (Less than 1 year), MS OFFICE (Less than 1 year), MS SQL Server (Less than 1 year), testing (4 years) Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/casmary-martinez-051a4b162