Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager Bellevue, WA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager Kelly Mitchell Group for Microsoft - Bellevue, WA March 2019 to Present Managed various internal cognition projects in the Artificial Intelligence Cognition Group. Project Manager/Solutions Architect AT&T/Insight Global March 2018 to July 2018 • Scrum Master and Project Manager managing a global team and global contact center research project using Agile Methodologies and Scrum Framework including heading up discovery meetings and managing team schedules.  • Created User Stories, documented them and managed team's user stories - over 1,400 on recent telecom/WAN project.  • Setup sprints, managed backlogs, held daily Scrum Meetings and maintain current Secret Clearance.  • Investigated top market solutions of CISCO, AVAYA, Genesys, Interactive Intelligence, SKYPE and others.  • Hold Certification from Interactive Intelligence/Genesys for Project Manager and Sales Engineer.  • Understand ASPECT call control tables, AVAYA Vectoring, Genesys Call Flow Handlers, IVR, ACD, CRM data dips and screen pops, integration with workflows, scheduling and reporting. Account Executive AVTEX - Seattle, WA January 2016 to June 2017 Cloud/Contact Center Solutions/Microsoft CRM/SharePoint  • Territory Account Manager for the West Coast Region, AK, HI and International locations.  • Selling Cloud Contact Centers, on premise and hosted with integrated CTI/API CRM's and database solutions.  • Specialist in CX, Interactive Intelligence, ASPECT, Cloud Contact Center Solutions, Skype for Business, UC solutions, Multi-channel, omni-channel and CX solutions for F1000 National and Global companies. New Acquisitions Account Executive CENTURYLINK - Seattle, WA March 2015 to December 2015 • Execute prospecting duties via cold calling, networking events, email marketing, product webinars, and face-to-face appointments to sell Cloud applications, Cloud IaaS, Cloud Saas, Cloud contact center solutions, Hosted VoIP, Cloud security and business continuity, and network MPLS.  * Manage sales funnel to analyze and coordinate pipeline activity and to monitor against assigned quotas.  KEY ACCOMPLISHMENTS  * Built new revenue selling telecommunications products and services including cloud contact center solutions to small, medium, and large account base.  * Generated an average MMR of $3K monthly with 36-60 year renewable contracts averaging $3K to $ 22K monthly depending on bundle solution. President/Owner SUMMIT SOLUTIONS LLC - Maple Valley, WA May 2010 to December 2013 * Delivered computer consulting, network installations, configurations, maintenance and optimizations on Microsoft Small Business Server 2008 as owner and operator.  * Managed all aspects of business - from consultation services to financial and accounting management, human resources, and awareness marketing.  KEY ACCOMPLISHMENTS  * Opened a computer repair shop storefront, managing a staff of four and maintaining business from opening to closing.  * Earned a Better Business Bureau A+ rating. Project Manager - IT-Telecom MICROSOFT - Sammamish, WA August 2009 to April 2010 * Developed project plans completing end-to-end phase management tasks such as predecessors, dependencies, constraints, and timelines.  * Led cross-functional meetings with stakeholders from various departments to ensure compliance to budget and timing deadlines.  KEY ACCOMPLISHMENTS  * Managed three major internal confidential Microsoft TLC projects using AGILE and Light Waterfall methods. Business Development Executive FRONTLINE SELLING - Atlanta, GA April 2009 to July 2009 Executed promotion and sales of a "Demand Creation" process to Fortune 500 companies, an outsourced selling solution process, incorporating contract maintenance.  * Utilized enterprise selling methodologies such as strategic selling, target account selling, solution selling, and consultative selling.  KEY ACCOMPLISHMENTS  * Opened and closed contract sales agreements worth more than $6M in sales.  * Developed a robust sales pipeline by creating demand for proven predictable, repeatable, and measurable processes. Service Delivery Manager MICROSOFT - Redmond, WA September 2008 to December 2008 * Managed the sales and marketing of outsourced vendors chosen for various internal marketing divisions.  * Coordinated and managed weekly vendor and cross internal business units' meetings to process correlated SLA and work scopes properly and successfully meeting both parties' metrics.  KEY ACCOMPLISHMENTS  * Appointed key point contact for internal Microsoft Marketing Managers and selected vendors to manage, mitigate and process joint telemarketing and telesales contracts successfully. Business Development Executive AVANDE - Seattle, WA November 2007 to September 2008 * Executed solution sales and management of all Microsoft Enterprise Server and Office Solutions and Technologies to Fortune 500 companies.  * Developed frontline strategies for engaging initial sales and managed the tracking and closing of all US Central Region accounts, contacts and sales details within Microsoft Dynamics CRM.  KEY ACCOMPLISHMENTS  * Maintained top 20 of F500 Central State account base. Education Pending in Business Admin Liberty University - Lynchburg, VA June 2014 to December 2014 Pending AA in Business Admin in Business Admin Bellevue University - Bellevue, WA June 1986 to November 1987 Pending AA in Business Admin in Business Administration Highline Community College - Des Moines, WA September 1982 to November 1984 Skills Acd, Aspect, Avaya, Genesys, Ivr, Mitel, Voip, Crm, Active directory, Cisco, Network cabling, Tcp, Tcp/ip, Exchange, Visio, Saas, Sharepoint, Microsoft project, Sql server, Sql, Maintenance, Scheduling, Outlook, budget, Estimating, Scheduling, Outlook, budget, Estimating, Maintenance, Word, Customer Service, Sales Certifications/Licenses Driver's License