Marketing Director Marketing Director Marketing Director - Kraby Marketing & Associates Chicago, IL Experience ranges from small business to corporate and even entrepreneurial  settings. Included in this list are local, state, and federal government  environments.    Clients looking to improve their ROI seek professional counsel in the areas of  organizational management, technology and marketing. Also serve as a sounding  board and advisor to clients when creating unique opportunities and specific  marketing programs. Key areas of talent and expertise include:    Website design and maintenance, Graphic and logo Design, Email  Marketing, Video Production and Editing, Brand Identity & Promotion,  Grant Writing, Social Media Management, Storytelling and Content  Marketing, Media Relations, Public Relations, Market and Consumer  Research Analysis, Event Marketing, Tradeshow Management and  Production, Google Analytics, and SEO.    Self-motivated and goal-oriented accompanied by a collaborative leadership style  with the added skillsets of project management and organizational expertise via  agile methodologies. These compounded capacities allow for adaptive innovation  and a keen sense of know how when working alone or with a team. Work Experience Marketing Director Kraby Marketing & Associates - Chicago, IL 2018 to Present Responsibilities include develop and deliver strategic marketing plans aimed at increasing brand awareness, market share and achieving growth goals by working with client's leadership and managing partnerships that provide marketing and other creative resources. Duties include, but are not limited to, program design, budget management, strategic planning, goal setting, direct supervision, and partnership development.  It involves collaboration with client team members and stakeholders.      Short list of Kraby clients:   •      Saga Empowerment Services Coalition, Inc. a not-for-profit organization, currently managing their 1st Annual 5K Hike for the Homeless. Event date: August 11, 2019.  •      Chicago Greek Step Classic 10,000 first grand prize to be held at the Wintrust Arena. Assisting with sponsor acquisition and social media management. Event date: September 13, 2019. Program Manager The Dawn Haley Tour - Calumet City, IL 2015 to 2018 Defined project tasks, roles, budgets and milestones, created and maintained  project documentation, facilitated and coordinated meetings with sponsors.    • Implement and tracked direct marketing activities  • Expanded product and company recognition by 65%.  • Designed and produce graphic design and web-design, and over 70+  advertising mediums, including all point of sale materials.  • Developed annual and bi-annual corporate communications and programs  strategies, including timelines.  • 41% grant success rate. Communications Manager Village of Riverdale - Riverdale, IL 2014 to 2015 Organized and implemented successful Job Fairs, where 3% of job seekers  were hired.  • Increased communications in the Village by 80% through the creation of a quarterly newsletter. Advertisements enhanced the newsletter and  increased its value of communication by 90%.  • Recommended document imaging and storage software to empower the Village so it could go paperless and deliver better online services to its  citizens and staff. Spearheaded this initiative to understand each  department's requirements. Project Manager | Juvenile Liaison Village of Riverdale - Riverdale, IL 2013 to 2014 • Worked closely with the ED Director and residents to gather data used for the Village's 2013 Comprehensive Plan.  • Recruited, supervised and mentored 75+ volunteers to assist with data  collection.  • Designed and organized the Juvenile Justice Court - Thought Leadership,  Mentor Project. Raised $10,000 for this project. Consultant/ IT REMOTE Project Manager DSSA Strategies, Inc - Lake Forest, IL 2009 to 2013 Education Master of Arts in Public Relations in Media and Communications Full Sail University - Winter Park, FL Master of Science in Organizational Leadership in Leadership and Continuing Dominican University - River Forest, IL Bachelor of Arts Northeastern Illinois University - Chicago, IL Skills SEO, Social Media Marketing, Google Analytics, Marketing Strategy, MS Office, Customer Service, search engine optimization, Salesforce Links http://www.linkedIn.com/kathyraby http://www.krabymarketing.info Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  • Languages: HTML5, CSS, jQuery, AJAX; PHP, ASPX, JSP, Java, SQL, XML  • Databases: MySQL, Microsoft Access  • Other tools: WordPress, Joomla, Microsoft Project 2013 1 & 2, SharePoint, gServ,  Gradle, Bootstrap, Genymotion, Android Studio, PrestaShop, osCommerce,  Shopify, Mailgun, Constant Contact, iContact, Exact Target, Zoho, HubSpot;  Adobe Creative Suite, Microsoft Office Suite, Asana, Slack, Treeno, SeamlessGov