Senior IT Project Manager Senior <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Senior IT Project Manager - Florida Blue Work Experience Senior IT Project Manager Florida Blue 2019 to Present • Manage projects with internal and external dependencies, moderate scope, risk of moderate severity & impact, integration within functional capabilities, moderate cost and typically longer duration within more than one team of resources.  • Identify & resolve discrepancies in planned costs versus actual cost and overall financial management for assigned projects.  • Responsible for developing and reviewing/validating multiple project plans and approving plans.  • Understands the need for Business Case/ROI and ensures its completion.  • Participates in change initiatives including tasks and initiatives outside of specific job duties such as BRM workgroups.  • Responsible for developing and reviewing detailed project plans and tracking financial information.  • Communicate project status to project team, stakeholders' leadership and Program Managers associated with other projects.  • Advise project team, customers, and staff on tactical solutions to dealing with barriers within a project.  • Accountable for active facilitation of project issue resolution, change, risk and dependency management.  • Accountable for project delivery including meeting time, budget and quality standards and customer expectations.  • Leads project meetings.  • Creates and maintains relationships with stakeholders and team members in order to achieve mutual goals. Principal Project/Program Manager Optum Technology 2010 to 2019 * Manage the delivery process and solutions to ensure customer needs are met by establishing scope and vision.  * Communicate cost estimates for solutions, services and labor force, working continuously with all impacted groups.  * Ensure quality in delivery and expectations. Value driven discussions around needs and expected outcomes, while anticipating future needs of the customer. Consider the customer experience in all aspects of decisions and actions  * Solve problems balancing quality, speed and cost.  * Agile Program Manager  ? Serve as Agile Coach for Program Scrum Teams managing adoption of Agile values, principles, methods and practices  ? Facilitate collaboration among Scrum teams within Program as well as external teams  ? Work to improve adoption and Agile practice through continuous improvement methods  ? Overall Program Management for Agile Program  Senior Software Engineering Project Manager  * Manage Agile Projects as Scrum Master  ? Mentor Scrum team and other Scrum Masters in Software Engineering Services on best practices  ? Work with Scrum teams to remove impediments blocking the completion of work or commitments  ? Form partnerships with Product Owners, team members and other stakeholders to ensure consistent communication and prioritization cross teams  ? Perform all Daily/Weekly/Release Ceremonies  * Agile Trainer and Coach, delivering best practices for Agile and Scaled Agile Framework to the organization  * Manage Sprint Cycles and Releases into all environments (dev, test, production)  * Seamlessly move between Waterfall/SDLC Projects and Agile projects as deliverables and priority demand.  * Manage development resources of Microsoft suite of technology (Azure, .NET, SQL) as well as cloud migration  * Translate highly complex concepts in ways that can be understood by a variety of audiences.  * Influence senior leadership to adopt new ideas, products, and/or approaches.  * Participate in the development of business strategy and develop and manage business plans that involve cross functional/segment teams. Senior Project Manager UHG-IT 2010 to May 2012 * Develop and manage work breakdown structure (WBS) of information technology projects.  * Develop or update project plans for information technology projects including information such as project objectives, technologies, systems, information specifications, schedules, funding, and staffing.  * Manage project execution to ensure adherence to budget, schedule, and scope.  * Prepare project status reports by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing information and trends.  * Assign duties, responsibilities, and spans of authority to project personnel.  * Coordinate recruitment or selection of project personnel.  * Develop implementation plans that include analyses such as cost-benefit or return on investment (ROI).  * Direct or coordinate activities of project personnel, and Establish and execute a project communication plan. Senior Project Manager Follett Software/Tetradata 2008 to 2009 • Managed Data Warehouse and Teacher Dashboard development and implementation for as many as 7 different K-12 School Districts.  • Client Relationship Manager for as many as 7 individual Clients, taking on full accountability for delivery and client satisfaction, as well as project implementation and delivery.  • Lead projects that require coordinating resources for data acquisition, profiling, & loading, hardware configuration, training focused on critical software implementations for key customers. Education Bachelor of Science in Information Technology University of Massachusetts - Lowell, MA Skills Business Process Improvement (Less than 1 year), Coaching (Less than 1 year), Data Science (Less than 1 year), Interface Design (Less than 1 year), Mentoring (Less than 1 year), Process Engineering (Less than 1 year), Process Improvement (Less than 1 year), Program Management (9 years), Project Management (9 years), UI DESIGN (Less than 1 year), User Experience (Less than 1 year), User Interface (Less than 1 year), User Interface Design (Less than 1 year) Links http://linkedin.com/in/shawnstarbirdpmp