Test Coordinator @North West Natural Test Coordinator @North West Natural Test Coordinator @North West Natural Portland, OR • Over 8 years of IT experience in all phases of life cycle, including requirements gathering, risk analysis, process analysis, project planning, scheduling, testing, defect tracking, management, and reporting.  • Experienced Scrum master, Project Manager and QA Analyst.  • Strong liaison with stakeholders on all levels, incl. Program managers, Product owners, developers, business analysts, and user representatives.  • Skilled in developing Project and test plans, test cases, and user requirement specification documents.  • Excellent personal, communication and presentation skills, strong analytical and problem solving mind.    Goal  To help a team and individuals excel. I want to make a positive impact on the organization by using my passion, skills and knowledge. I aim to help the company, my team and myself to grow. Work Experience Test Coordinator @North West Natural North West Natural May 2019 to August 2019 Organization;  NW Natural is a publicly traded utility headquartered in Portland. Primarily a natural gas distributor, the company services residential, commercial, and industrial customers in the Pacific Northwest.  Role As a test coordinator I supported several projects simultaneously to bring structure and predictability to the testing efforts of these projects.    Achievements;  - Coordinated a several projects simultaneously.  - Reviewed and validating requirement documentation, test strategies, test plans and reporting.  - Wrote test strategies, test plans and test reports. QA Project Coordinator for SYSQA (NLD) Nautilus, Inc September 2017 to February 2019 is a maker of fitness equipment, sold globally through various methods to end-consumers, retailers, specialty stores and fitness centers.  Role As a (new) solution owner (July 2018) I was responsible for shaping and developing my scrum team. From organizing ceremonies to assisting team members to better understand their role and agile processes.    Achievements;  - Transformed a group of people into a scrum team.  - Facilitated and hosted Scrum Ceremonies (Planning, Demo, Retro and daily stand-ups).  - Supported DoD, Scrum Of Scrums and working agreements.  - Continuously looked to improve and fine-tune team work.  - First and only scrum master to successfully deliver a cross-squad project.  - Managed relations with stakeholders to remove impediments and grow synergy.  - Successfully trained and supported Product Owner in backlog grooming.  - Prevented impediments from occurring or resolved impediments promptly.  - Coached my and other Scrum Teams in agile methods and principles.  QA Project Coordinator for SYSQA (NLD) 2011-2017 (See projects below for details)  IT Project Manager @PGGM/PFZW Jul 2015 - Jan 2017  Organization; PFZW is a large Dutch pension fund for the healthcare sector and is responsible for the pension of more than 2 million customers.  Project The implementation of an (national) XML standard for employers and administrative offices to share wage information. The aim was to reduce costs and improve cash flow; both targets were achieved on time and under budget. Used agile methodology (scrum) to achieve goals.    Achievements;  - Managed the implementation of a XML standard to fully automate the process between employers/administrative offices and pension funds.  - Supported several scrum teams with backlog grooming and removing impediments.  - Supported Product Owner with writing user stories, backlog grooming and defining minimal viable product.  - Managed the internal organization to acceptance new software and work processes.  - Managed and guided 30+ external software suppliers.  - Developed and maintained project schedules and milestones.    Business Analyst @ Nederlands Loodswezen Mar 2015- Jun 2015  Organization; Nederlands Loodswezen is the Dutch Pilot Organization; their task is to guide 90,000+ vessels a year into and out of the Dutch and Flemish seaports.  Project goal was to pass audit; audit passed and efficiency improved after implementing the new workflows.    Achievements;  - Analyzed and optimized work processes in conjunction with departmental heads.  - Implemented the improved workflows and trained staff on these work processes.  - Successfully prepared organization for IT Audit.    IT Specialist @ ZVK Aug 2013- Aug 2014  Organization; BES healthcare insurance is a general healthcare insurance for all lawful residents on the islands of Bonaire, St. Eustatius and Saba.  Project goal was to improve employee efficiency/professionalism, reduces costs, and improve data quality; targets were met.    Achievements;  - Managed the implementation of new software for the health insurance office on Bonaire, St Eustatius and Saba (BES islands).  - Conducted (user) acceptance testing,  - Trained both internal staff and external users (doctors and nurses).  - Analyzed gaps in the system/workflow and managed/wrote and prioritized the request for changes.  - Strong stakeholder management with internal staff, healthcare providers and software supplier.    QA Lead/ Project Coordinator @ Rijkswaterstaat 2011-2013 and 2014-2015    Organization; Rijkswaterstaat is part of a Dutch Ministry. Its role is the practical execution of the public works, i.e. construction and maintenance of waterways and roads.  Projects were aimed at increasing road safety and staff efficiency. Results varied due to (poor) requirements and/or lack of commitment from suppliers; most projects completed successfully.    Achievements;  - Coordinated a multiple projects simultaneously.  - Reviewing and validating requirement documentation, test strategies, test plans and reporting.  - Performed complex end-to-end testing of systems that included multiple stand-alone systems.  - Contributed to road safety in The Netherlands IT Project Manager @PGGM July 2015 to January 2017 Organization; PFZW is a large Dutch pension fund for the healthcare sector and is responsible for the pension of more than 2 million customers.  Project The implementation of an (national) XML standard for employers and administrative offices to share wage information. The aim was to reduce costs and improve cash flow; both targets were achieved on time and under budget. Used agile methodology (scrum) to achieve goals.    Achievements;  - Managed the implementation of a XML standard to fully automate the process between employers/administrative offices and pension funds.  - Supported several scrum teams with backlog grooming and removing impediments.  - Supported Product Owner with writing user stories, backlog grooming and defining minimal viable product.  - Managed the internal organization to acceptance new software and work processes.  - Managed and guided 30+ external software suppliers.  - Developed and maintained project schedules and milestones. Business Analyst @ Nederlands Loodswezen Nederlands Loodswezen is the Dutch Pilot Organization March 2015 to June 2015 Organization; Nederlands Loodswezen is the Dutch Pilot Organization; their task is to guide 90,000+ vessels a year into and out of the Dutch and Flemish seaports.  Project goal was to pass audit; audit passed and efficiency improved after implementing the new workflows.    Achievements;  - Analyzed and optimized work processes in conjunction with departmental heads.  - Implemented the improved workflows and trained staff on these work processes.  - Successfully prepared organization for IT Audit. IT Specialist ZVK August 2013 to August 2014 Organization; BES healthcare insurance is a general healthcare insurance for all lawful residents on the islands of Bonaire, St. Eustatius and Saba.  Project goal was to improve employee efficiency/professionalism, reduces costs, and improve data quality; targets were met.    Achievements;  - Managed the implementation of new software for the health insurance office on Bonaire, St Eustatius and Saba (BES islands).  - Conducted (user) acceptance testing,  - Trained both internal staff and external users (doctors and nurses).  - Analyzed gaps in the system/workflow and managed/wrote and prioritized the request for changes.  - Strong stakeholder management with internal staff, healthcare providers and software supplier. QA Lead/ Project Coordinator Rijkswaterstaat 2011 to 2013 and 2014-2015    Organization; Rijkswaterstaat is part of a Dutch Ministry. Its role is the practical execution of the public works, i.e. construction and maintenance of waterways and roads.  Projects were aimed at increasing road safety and staff efficiency. Results varied due to (poor) requirements and/or lack of commitment from suppliers; most projects completed successfully.    Achievements;  - Coordinated a multiple projects simultaneously.  - Reviewing and validating requirement documentation, test strategies, test plans and reporting.  - Performed complex end-to-end testing of systems that included multiple stand-alone systems.  - Contributed to road safety in The Netherlands Education Bachelor in International Business Administration University of Portsmouth - Portsmouth Rotterdam University of Applied Sciences Skills USER ACCEPTANCE, ACCEPTANCE TESTING, USER ACCEPTANCE TESTING, TRAINING, Quality Center, QA Links http://@North http://@North Additional Information Skills  Finding Consensus, Communication, Backlog grooming, Requirement elicitation and validation, Hosting and leading meetings, End-to-End testing, User Acceptance Testing, Training, Proactive, Critical Thinking, Dutch and German language.