IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager Orange County, CA My goal is to find a challenging and interesting project management position within a reputable organization. I would like to have an opportunity which would allow me to utilize and build upon my current experience, skills and abilities while also enhancing my personal and professional expertise. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager AmerisourceBergen Specialty Group November 2014 to Present • Responsible for the implementation of the overall schedule, budget and quality for mid-sized projects ranging from $800,000 – $3 million in the eCommerce service platform.  • Managing website and mobile application specific projects which include content migrations, revamps and back end logic changes according to business requirements and expectations.   • Managing project teams to ensure they adhere to the project requirements, defined schedule and providing the necessary support and leadership to enable project success.   • Helping the project team resolve conflicts within the team, business, upper management, vendors and other cross functional teams.   • Communicating directly with business to understand priorities and work with other IT teams including but not limited to Data Warehouse, Baan (ERP), Replication and Salesforce to ensure the projects are delivered according to business expectations.   • Collaborating with service and resource managers to understand BA, Delivery and QSO priorities to make sure they are appropriately allocated to eCommerce and ERP projects.   • Coordinated the implementation of the SDLC process for the Enterprise IT impacting 500 projects, 800 associates and 250 contractors. Responsibilities included capturing, analyzing and communicating SDLC Pilot team feedback, helping EIT adapt to the new SDLC process and adjust current reporting systems in place to meet the new standards.   • Consolidated various PMO Onboarding processes into one enterprise process. Created PMO sites using Sharepoint 2010 for Onboarding and SDLC management. Associate Project Manager - Professional Services Verizon Communication - Global Consulting Integrated Service April 2014 to November 2014 • Captured total of $541,000 of lost revenue by creating technical reports including resource forecasting and customer invoice summary reports.  • Managed small sized projects and executed all phases of the SDLC while delivering all expected requirement items to the business.   • Used various tools to retrieve data including but not limited to SAP, GSS & GPS Portals (SOW Portals), Clarity & SharePoint.   • Assisted Senior PMs in monitoring projects by creating various Project Charters, Verizon PMO Workbook, meeting summaries, status reports and excel reports to ensure effective and continuous communication across all team members. Intern - IT Project Management Team Sabre Holdings - Enterprise Services May 2013 to August 2013 • Created and captured responses for the business customer satisfaction survey and helped analyze the results for the project management team. Assisted the manager with the implementation on some of the new processes which were created per the feedback received through the survey.  • Managed entire testing effort for SharePoint 2007 to 2010 migration using Agile methodology.  • Assisted multiple PMs in different phases of the SDLC by using various Project Charters, monthly JIRA reports, meeting summaries, status reports, creating and/or updating workflow process and excel reports, to ensure effective and continuous communications across all team members.  • Researched and analyzed the technology travel company and as part of the internship program provided feedback to the leadership on industry best practices and identified gaps in which the company could be improving on. Intern - IT Project Manager AmerisourceBergen Specialty Group May 2012 to August 2012 • Designed and updated SharePoint website by enhancing user experience and reducing per user clicks for most frequently used reports by 75%. Enabling PMs to quickly access critical reports. Received Values in Action Award for “Save the Day” category for this effort.   • For the Data Exchange project, I assisted Senior PM in maintaining project schedules by using Clarity PPM tool, work breakdown structures (WBS), issue/decision logs, meeting summaries and status reports to ensure effective, ongoing communications across all team members. Education BA in Corporate Communications & Business Information Systems The University of Texas at Arlington December 2013 Skills Project Management, MS Project, Sharepoint, TFS, SAP, Salesforce, Communications, Leadership, Openworkbench, Visio, JIRA, SAP, ChaRM, Clarity, Ecommerce, CRM, Business Analysis (1 year) Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/seherfadwani Certifications/Licenses ITIL v3 Present Project Management Professional (PMP) October 2026