Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Catonsville, MD Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager Total Environmental Concepts - Hanover, MD July 2019 to Present • Review of various types of projects based on technical specifications, scope of work and drawings.  • Primary Point of Contact with the client for the project.  • Manages day-to-day operation of assigned construction projects.  • Review subcontractor proposals and material suppliers to ensure compliance with project requirements.  • Secure materials in a planned and coordinated manner.  • Procure subcontractors utilizing standard subcontract agreements.  • Resource planning of personnel to execute project work plans, schedule, and revises as appropriate to meet changing needs and requirements.  • Ensure projects are delivered on time, within budget, adhere to high quality standards and meet customer expectations.  • Coordinate project close-out; to include obtaining required documentation, assisting in pre-final inspections and any As-Built drawings.  • Manages project budget, forecasting, profitability and percent of completion of assigned projects.  • Ensures timely and accurate invoice approvals. Air Defence Project Manager United States Air Force - Dover, DE April 2013 to June 2019 Project Manager for civil engineering flight, leading 8 junior enlisted members during normal ops and 52 under deployed conditions.   • Responsibilities include: Reading blueprints, developing weekly course of action to remain on task, altering blueprints (with approval), conducting spot inspections for quality assurance and safety adherence, operate and maintain equipment alongside junior enlisted members to complete projects early and under budget. Coordinate building material purchases, pickups, and contractor selection.   • Military Crane Certified (With Documentation) and 1 years experience slinging steel for 2000 square foot tactical support structures and moving equipment from location to location (lifting heavy equipment onto flatbeds)  • 2 time deployer.  • Total electrical experience: 1.5 Years  • OSHA 30 Certified, Climbing Trained/Certified  • Heartsaver Certified Instructor for entire base (3000+ Military Members/Civilians) Installation Tech Link Solutions Incorporated - Aberdeen Proving Ground, MD January 2012 to April 2013 Install various electronic equipment through Aberdeen Proving Grounds  Supported Army and Army National Guard resources  Maintained Secret Clearance   Main duties were to head the change over to windows 10 on all systems, as well as install new hardware for end users and configure security protocols to match US Army regulations. IT Specialist II DH-Vision Incorperated - Aberdeen Proving Ground, MD March 2010 to December 2011 • Maintain Company Network Infrastructure Systems  • Provide timely customer support to both internal and external employees  • Manage and direct a team or 12 subordinate technicians  • Issue corrective action directives according to company regulations and policies.  • Disassemble, troubleshoot, solder, wire, resemble company products. Education Associate in Construction Technology Community College of the Air Force - Colorado Springs, CO December 2013 to April 2015 Bachelor's in Business Administraion Purdue University Global (Online) August 2009 to June 2013 High school or equivalent in General Studies Catonsville High School - Catonsville, MD July 2005 to June 2009 Skills Heavy Equipment (5 years), Blueprint Reading (5 years), Electrical (2 years), Management (3 years), Sales Management (3 years), Microsoft Office (8 years), Project Management (3 years), Estimating, Scheduling, Cellular Tower Systems Integration (1 year), OSHA 30 (3 years), Outlook, Sales, budget, Word, Customer Service Military Service Branch: United States Air Force Rank: TSgt April 2012 to June 2019 Commendations: AF Commendation Medal  Bronze Star (Army)  Marksman Level III (M9 & M4)  AF Good Conduct Medal  Honor Graduate (Basic) Certifications/Licenses OSHA 30 March 2016 to Present Driver's License