Technical Product Manager (Long Term Contract) Technical Product <span class="hl">Manager</span> (Long Term Contract) Seattle, WA Work Experience Technical Product Manager (Long Term Contract) Expedia Group - Seattle, WA November 2018 to Present * Takes ownership in driving new feature development through every stage of the product life cycle and deliver incremental value using validated agile methodologies.  * Communicate, influence, and work with stakeholders both inside and outside of Expedia to ensure seamless customer experience.  * Evaluates every feature request, gathers detailed business requirements from partners and works closely with business development staff to translate requirements into user stories for consumption by Dev team.  * Works with the Dev team through development cycle to ensure features developed met the desired business goals.  * Collaborates with the Dev team to evaluate technical options, conducting build versus buy analysis.  * Works collaboratively with Dev leadership to plan sprints and deliver on projects.  * Identifies gaps or conflicts in requirements, handles risks & UAT defects and drives toward resolution.  * Validates projects after deployment to ensure they met all operational and business requirements and drives maintenance and problem resolution, as required.  * Liaise between product development, reporting, training, and business owners to ensure clear communication, understanding of product offerings at all times and ultimate project success.  * Owns team roadmap. Works collaboratively with Product owners on their roadmaps, specifically where they have dependencies on my team.  * Provides visibility into status of upcoming improvements to partners.  * Monitors and tracks product feedback to help in the prioritization of development projects.  * Refines and builds the assigned product offering over time.  * Leads complex projects and deliver simple, elegant solutions.  * Leads team by using best agile practices, driving continuous improvement. IT Project Manager/Business Analyst University of Southern California - Los Angeles, CA September 2017 to November 2018 * Support project and enhancement solutions to Cognos, Workday, and Kuali Deliverables  * Define project schedules in units of trackable work that are understandable to business sponsors and as well as technical team members.  * Manage project communications to include the sharing of team meeting minutes, project status reports, and issue/risk logs.  * Manage costs, budgets and vendor contracting per need.  * Monitor project schedules - identifying and addressing project issues; escalating to management/administrative roles when necessary.  * Establish and enforce change management.  * Ensure key project documents remain up-to-date throughout the project life cycle  * Create and implement detailed Go Live Plans  * Manage transition of project products from project teams to support teams  * Meet with customer groups to determine IT business requirements  * Elicits requirements using interviews, document analysis, site visits, business descriptions, use cases, scenarios, business analysis, and task and workflow analysis.  * Builds and supports central communication and workflow platforms, such as team/site hierarchies for documentation and service catalog content.  * Assist and facilitate knowledge transfer, such as documentation and standard operating procedures.  * Provides information to developers and subject matter experts for the establishment of the technical vision and performance needs.  * Serve as the conduit between the customer community (internal and external customers) and software development or business process re-engineering team through which requirement flow  * Incrementally test systems in all stages of product development - using results to validate and refine development approach or business needs.  * Develop requirements specifications according to standard templates.  * Participate in project meetings to review project deliverables and timelines.  * Participate in testing developed software or new process flow  * Build custom Workday reports  * Perform business analysis using data queried via Structured Query Language (SQL)  * Build Workday candidate/employee dashboards  * Develop reporting and metrics that further the understanding of datacenter logical and on-promise business problems or programs to define continuous improvement.  * Conduct user acceptance testing Business Systems Analyst (Short Term Contract) AMAZON - Global HR Solutions - Seattle, WA February 2017 to June 2017 * Support project and enhancement solutions to PeopleSoft 9.2. Deliverables  * Produce written business requirements for project efforts and enhancements  * Process diagrams detailing current and future flows  * Prepare/execute user acceptance testing  * develop use case models, system objectives, interface requirements,  * integrity requirements, performance and operational requirements  * Review enhancement request backlog, gathering problem statements, impacts, and benefits  * Perform impact analysis in order to prioritize work efforts required skills  * Collaborating with HR analytics, HR services, and PeopleTech to build an integration, which automates the process of sending candidate/employee data to Amazon's I-9 vendor  * Create user stories for project sprints  * Perform business analysis using data queried via SQL, SAS, Excel, Access  * Provide project planning, execution, risk assessment and system availability  * Lead in a fast-paced, rapidly changing environment by working directly with leadership across different locations  * ERP implementations  * Conduct root-cause analysis  * Work closely with software engineering teams to drive real-time rule implementation and features  * Track general business activity to provide clear, compelling metrics reporting on a regular basis  * SQL scripting/writing queries  * Build email templates for Salesforce and iCIMS to enhance Amazon's candidate experience  * Serve as a liaison between business stakeholders, vendors, and technical team during projects of high complexity  * Collaborate with the iCIMS team to build candidate/employee dashboard  * Configure and maintain different inbound/outbound integration between PeopleSoft and different system such as: Salesforce, I-9 Advantage, Hire right, and ICIMS. Functional Analyst NTT DATA CONSULTING - Seattle, WA April 2016 to February 2017 • Workday HR system integration developer  • Deliver high level scope analysis and solution design of the processes/systems impacted and work plan for each project assigned  • Translate business requirements into process / system impacts and functional and technical requirements, and identify/assess potential data sources  • Create solution options based on research of (current and future) system capabilities, standard processes, and high-performing companies  • ERP implementations  • Implemented and configured Kronos Accruals, Attendance, and Timekeeper.  • Maintained security related configuration in Kronos Workforce Central (function access and data success profiles)  • Perform configuration of workday modules and other packaged software (Business Solutions only)  • Coordinate and/or create process playbacks and prototype reviews with business owners and internal review team  • Created test scenarios for our HR projects  • Participated in on-going testing of T-Mobile's HR system (Workday) to ensure deployment of stable experiences to stakeholders.  • Participated in end-to-end testing  • Define, build and implement enhancements to HR processes and structure that will improve the HR function's alignment to business objectives and ability to help drive business results  • Configure and maintain different inbound/outbound integration between Workday and different system such as: Kronos, ADP, Field Glass, Cornerstone, SAP,and Kenexa Business Analyst NTT DATA CONSULTING June 2014 to February 2017 NTT DATA is a Global IT Innovator delivering technology-enabled services and solutions to clients around the world. The company provides consulting services" Project Manager NTT DATA CONSULTING - Columbus, OH October 2015 to March 2016 • Created an IT application that reduces customer friction experiences in order to increase the company's ecommerce  • Assigned the lead role for technical/functional development and support of IT applications in various areas of responsibility  • Planned, designed, and implemented efficient IT systems in support of assigned organizational functions  • Communicated and resolved system issues in order to maximize the benefit of IT system investments  • Managed medium to large sized projects with planning, development and implementation of system solutions  • Provided direction to contractors/consultants on tasks assigned Project Manager NTT DATA CONSULTING - Durham, NC October 2014 to October 2015 • Focused on all aspects related to quality improvement and quality control.  • Created cost-benefit analyses and ROI assessment that were used as the basis for decision making on proposed IT implementation projects  • Resolved numerous project issues including staffing shortages, tactical matters, scope creep and divergent business and user needs.  • Responsible for organizing meetings, updating project schedules, and meeting critical deadlines  • Exceeded work standards by following production productivity, quality, and customer service  • Resolved operational problems and identified work process improvements and solutions.  • Worked in a team environment to ensure requirement coverage and strive to meet our SLA's with the business.  • Enhanced job skills by participating in educational opportunities and actively reading professional publications.  • Managing project risk, including the development of contingency plans  • Monitoring overall process and use of resources, initiating corrective action where necessary  • Adopting and applying appropriate technical and quality strategies and standards  • Identifying and obtaining support and advice required for the management, planning, and control of the project. Business Analyst NTT DATA CONSULTING - Louisville, KY June 2014 to October 2014 • Gathered business requirements from stakeholders  • Defined and documented customer business functions and processes.  • Analyzed the feasibility of, and develops requirements for, new systems and enhancements to existing systems; ensured the system design fitted the needs of the users.  • Tested, implemented and documented new internal tools and reports  • Created ad hoc SQL-based reports for Localization Team  • Generated Excel pivot tables for Finance area, related to assessment of overall spend    Software Knowledge  * Developer Languages/Tools: SQL, Java, HTML, JavaScript, XML, XSLT  * Microsoft Office Suite: Word, Excel (advanced), PowerPoint, Project, Outlook, Visio, Access  * Windows: SharePoint 2010 administrator role, SQL Server  * Project Tools: CA Rally, Microsoft Project, JIRA, HP Quality Center, Product Studio, ServiceNow  * HR Related databases: Working knowledge of Workday, AON, Kronos, Field glass, ADP, Cornerstone, PeopleSoft HCM 9.2, SAP Education University of Southern California 2018 BA in Communications Coastal Carolina University - Conway, SC 2013 Skills CHANGE CONTROL, CHANGE CONTROL MANAGEMENT, GAP ANALYSIS, PROJECT LIFECYCLE, HTML