IT Manager/System Administrator/Network Administrator <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>/System Administrator/Network Administrator It Manager/Systems and Network Administrator Stevensville, MD IT professional with Bachelor of Science in Information Systems With a Concentration in IT Project Managemen and certificates in ITIL-Expert, Oracle 12c PL/SQL, Linux +, MCSA Azure Administrator, MCSE Enterprise 365 Expert, CompTIA A+, Net+, and Security+, Energetic and self-motivated individual with extensive experience in TCP/IP Networking, Dell SonicWall, Cisco, Sophos Firewalls, Windows Server Management, Window's VM environments and Operating Systems. Strong aptitude for correctly managing sites and user end support teams. Superb ability for adapting to new systems and not afraid to ask questions. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Ability to manage shifting priorities on multiple projects while maintaining quality of work product. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Manager/System Administrator/Network Administrator Ops Consulting - Hanover, MD October 2018 to Present • Maintain IT infrastructure for federal contractor and building it resides in  • Streamline IT department  • Network Management  • Firewall installation and configuration  • WAN configuration and installation  • New computer and desktop set up/purchase license deployments and management  • Inventory maintain and distribute all aspects of IT in department  • Microsoft 365   • Server and Data migration to cloud based computing  • Phone System management  • Hardware management and installation  • Troubleshooting issues with Network printers and migrating print servers  • Group Policy management  • AD Management/Microsoft AZURE  • Sharepoint creation and management  • DHCP Server management  • Switching and Routing  • Oracle 12c PL/SQL Administration  • Peoplesoft Migration and administration  • Azure Architecture and Storage  • Oracle VCN environment build out, migration, maintenance IT Manager/Systems Administrator/Network Administrator/ Project Manager Global Public Safety - Hanover, MD December 2016 to Present • Recommend, build, quote and install Full IT/Server/NAS solutions for police and state departments in Maryland and surrounding areas.  • Streamline IT department  • Network Management  • Firewall installation and configuration  • WAN configuration and installation  • New computer and desktop set up/purchase license deployments and management  • Inventory maintain and distribute all aspects of IT in department  • Microsoft 365 migration  • Server and Data migration to cloud based computing  • Phone System management  • SIP Trunk management  • Hardware management and installation  • Troubleshooting issues with Network printers and migrating print servers  • Group Policy management  • AD Management/Microsoft AZURE  • Sharepoint creation and management  • DHCP Server management  • Switching and Routing Systems/Network Engineer Agency Holding Company - Elkridge, MD October 2015 to Present Responsibilities  Resolve escalated problems with Local Area Networks (LAN), Wide Area Networks (WAN).  •As400 maintenance   •As400 daily/monthly/weekly backups  • Upgrade users pcs to run more efficiently   • Maintain user accounts within Active Directory to ensure users can log in remotely to servers  • server log in errors  • Perform system and network back ups daily  • Maintain and record computer usage and activity, daily.  • Coordinate with developers to gain feedback on users Web experience   • Follow up with support team for feedback on systems   • Gain feedback from customers about computer usage.  • Run reports to determine malfunctions that continue to occur.  •develop feedback for company website  Accomplishments  coordinate with web developers in the upgrade of departments computers to run applications specific to giving insurance agents an easier experience writing policies and managing insurance policies. IT Infrastructure Engineer Wilmer eye institute at Johns Hopkins - Baltimore, MD October 2014 to October 2015 Responsibilities  Analyze technical issues that come in via point on jira. Coordinate with central & Network IT to execute the many needs of running the Eye center which but we're not limited to  •Server Migration  •Systems/software support (escalated)  •Production system roll outs  •Budget planning  •Network Backups    Accomplishments  coordinate with central it the upgrade of departments computers to run applications specific to giving users/doctors an easier experience. Server migration 2003 to 2008. Regional systems engineer Seasons healthcare management - Glen Burnie, MD June 2012 to October 2014 Responsibilities  System IT infrastructure to support nurses and doctors to provide the best end of term life support possible. Headed up 10 different sites up the north east corridor. Maryland to Boston.    Accomplishments  Provided and implemented systems techniques for nurses and doctors. I was the escalated go-to for all IT needs. Active directory, Microsoft SQL management, Sybase database remote management as well as LAN support for all sites. Project management and deployment I coordinated with headquarters in Chicago to develop and roll out systematic changes in the IT infrastructure.    Skills Used  Active Directory, SQL, Sybase manahement. Cisco routers and Fortinet firewall support and ATT Lan support. Provided day to day management for all sites. Help Desk III Rogers Technical Services, Inc February 2011 to June 2012 Installed and maintained various operating systems including Windows 7, Windows server 2007  • Applied knowledge learned from troubleshooting various issues with client systems to fix problems normally found on the ordinary work system  • Guided employees through detailed instructions to streamline the ticketing system via phone call  • Repaired systems in facility to always be running at optimal performance levels  • Simple printer fixes/Computer hardware issues technical assistance and support for incoming queries and issues related to computer systems, software, and hardware.  • Respond to queries either in person or over the phone.  • Write training manuals.  • Train computer users.  • Maintain daily performance of computer systems.  • Respond to email messages for customers seeking help.  • Ask questions to determine nature of problem.  • Walk customer through problem-solving process.  • Install, modify, and repair computer hardware and software.  • Clean up computers.  • Run diagnostic programs to resolve problems.  • Resolve technical problems with Local Area Networks (LAN), Wide Area Networks (WAN), and other systems.  • Install computer peripherals for users.  • Follow up with customers to ensure issue has been resolved.  • Gain feedback from customers about computer usage.  • Run reports to determine malfunctions that continue to occur. Support Technician Cathedral Stone Products - Hanover, MD June 2010 to February 2011 Used open ended discovery questions to determine customer wants and needs, then applied the knowledge and information gained to meet and offer customer services/products that fulfill the customers desires.  • Prepared data for output to a variety of devices in printed and electronic media  • Processed marketing data according to client requirements, established specifications and procedures  • Assisted Chief Operating Officer in daily routines to achieve creative and efficient solutions to client objectives  • Installed and maintained various operating systems including Windows Xp, Windows 7, Windows Server 2007, Mac Osx  • Maintained accurate and up-to-date documentation of project details  • Systematically cross-trained with other team members on all ongoing programs and projects, assessed current approach and suggested improvements when appropriate  • Assisted Chief Operating Officer by troubleshooting errors commonly found on workplace computers Education Bachelor's in Information Systems Management Strayer University-District of Columbia - Stevensville, MD January 2017 to June 2019 ems in Computer Information Systems TESST College of Technology - Baltimore, MD 2008 to 2010 Certifications/Licenses Network+ Certification A+ Certified CCENT Security+ Microsoft Certified 365 Expert Oracle SQL/12c MCSA Azure Administrator Linux+ Oracle Certified Associate Additional Information Experienced IT professional, efficient, self starter who works great in a team environment or individually.