IT Support <span class="hl">IT</span> Support IT Support Franklin Park, NJ Experienced professional and US Green Card Holder with a demonstrated history of working in the IT network system admin industry. Skilled in Network troubleshooting, Attack handling, Centralize Storage Management, Microsoft Office, Active Directory, Windows Server and Sales. Cyber/Network security skills. Possess impeccable written and verbal communication skills and excellent interpersonal skills. Work Experience IT Support Payal Hotel LLC - Boston, MA April 2018 to March 2019 USA  • Develop, refine, and tune integrations between applications.  • Collaborated with other software developers, business analysts and software architects to plan, design, develop, test, and maintain web- and desktop-based business applications built on Microsoft technologies, PHP.  • Package and support deployment of releases.  • Assess opportunities for application and process improvement and prepare documentation of rationale to share with team members and other affected parties.  • Routine system maintenance and data backup. Project Manager Ksquare Technology January 2017 to March 2018 • Provided technical leadership to teammates through coaching and mentorship.  • Collaborated with other software developers, business analysts and software architects to plan, design, develop, test, and maintain web- and desktop-based business applications built on Microsoft technologies, PHP.  • Package and support deployment of releases.  • Develop, refine, and tune integrations between applications.  • Assess opportunities for application and process improvement and prepare documentation of rationale to share with team members and other affected parties.  • Adhere to high-quality development principles while delivering solutions on time.  • Provide third-level support to business users. IT Solution Consultant Yazad Computers November 2014 to December 2016 • Designed IT systems and networks ensuring the right architecture and functionality  • Extensive experienced in deploying, maintaining and customizing Active Directory, Exchange, SQL, SharePoint, and Office365 environments  • Extensive experienced in implementing and maintaining NAS from various vendors.  • Virtual Machines Installations, Management and Maintenance.  • Designed and implemented optimal backup strategies and Solutions  • Implemented group policy standards throughout managed services installed client base  • Responsible for: Root Cause Management, Server Management Tools, Network Security Technical Executive Niket Com. & Sec. Systems December 2012 to October 2014 • Worked on Video Surveillance installation, configuration and support. (IP & Analog)  • Designing, Implementing and Managing Access Control and Video Surveillance systems  • Worked on large projects including design build and configuration  • Worked with Access Control head end terminations and controller/panel configuration.  • Video Management Software Installation, configurations and Maintenance. SYSTEM ENGINEER ARTEX ENGINEERS PVT. LTD July 2011 to November 2012 • Provide technical support to organization's employees.  • Managed daily operations of the IT department.  • Set up workstations with computers and necessary peripheral devices  • Protected organization's data from outside infiltration through encryption, secure data storage.  • Designed systems and assess effectiveness of technology resources already in use or new that are being implemented.  • Scheduled upgrades and maintenance without deterring others from completing their work.  • Managing and understanding with several programming languages as well as a range of software and hardware types.  • Conduct network backup operations.    TRAINEE SIDMAK LABORATRIES (I) PVT LTD 7 MONTHS  • Worked on Active Directory Server. Installation and Configuration of Active Directory.  • Active Directory user, group and policies configuration and Implementation.  • Worked on Water HPLC System Used in Pharma R&D.  • Taken care of Water HPLC System data schedule Backup  • Monitored and Maintained firewall and Network Traffic.  • Maintain and Monitored High security data environments for Clinical Research and Development.  • Perform general system maintenance of all Departments within an Organization. Education MASTER OF E in BUSINESS S.P. UNIVERSITY BACHELOR OF COMMERCE in COMMERCE S.P. UNIVERSITY Skills Maintenance, Active directory, Microsoft windows, Help Desk, Desktop Support, Tech Support, MAC, Service Desk Certifications/Licenses A valid IT Specialist certification Additional Information Skills and Abilities  Technical skills  • Systems Supports, Maintenance, Trouble shoot and Solutions.  • Microsoft Windows Server, Active Directory, Implementation and Management  Network Central Storage Implementation and Management.  Abilities / strength  • Ability to work in a team, as well as independently with high pressure condition.  • Hard Working and Rapid learner