E- Commerce Process expert E- Commerce Process expert E- Business Manager - Cintas Corporation Chicago, IL ? Six Sigma yellow belt, Google Advance Analytics & AdWords Certified having 7+ years of IT, E Commerce, Digital Merchandising Experience and managed multiple high-profile projects.  ? Advanced knowledge of Marketing Automation, E commerce Automation, A/B Testing & Social Add Campaigns Work Experience E- Commerce Process expert Cintas Corporation - Chicago, IL January 2019 to Present • Optimize B2B channels on Hybris Ecommerce Web Performance including Southwest, United Airlines, Verizon, Coco Cola, Henry Ford, JB Hunt, Courtyard Marriott and several other.  • Maximize web store performance (i.e., conversion rate, average order value, units per transaction), with particular focus on making continuous improvements in: online customer experience, site shopability, site search, search engine optimization and product optimization.  • Monitoring and analyzing the overall health of client eCommerce channels as well as the performance of KPI's.  • Researching and troubleshooting client website analytics and analyzing the data.  • Using research and analysis findings to present clear and concise insights to Internal Team at weekly and monthly meetings.  • Performing Manual A/B testing of B2C Hybris Site elements and events to improve website functionality and overall success.  • Regularly perform a variety of SEO auditing tasks & Identify opportunities to improve search engine rankings based on technical recommendations. E- Commerce Manager Radionics Industries - Chicago, IL February 2017 to January 2019 Radionics Industries, Inc. was founded in 1982 in USA. And has enjoyed many years of success and continued growth. We are well respected in both the electronic and electrical industries. This success is due to our customer support, strong National Representation and a staff of professional Marketing, Sales and Engineering personnel.    Responsibilities:  • Manage Categories & Optimize Products Title, Meta tags & Descriptions, 360° Photography, Inventory and Promotions for our online business including Amazon (using amazon Vendor & Seller Central), Way fair, Home Depot, EBay, Overstock, Unbeatable, Lowes, Menards, Grainger & Mc Masters Including of Our Existing E Commerce Websites.  • Built relationships with Lighting Manufacturers, Merchants & Dropship Vendors to Ensure all Products Contents, Images & Prices Uploaded on Sites and Marketplaces with updated Price and Keep track on Competitors Pricing.  • Improved paid search program, display advertising, Shopping campaigns and SEO strategy to drive online ordering sales. Manage asset production for SEO/SEM, retargeting and Video ads using Google AdWords and Facebook Ad Manager.  • Oversaw redesign of Existing websites, Improved Product Display, website functionality, Landing Page and A/B testing which led to improve the customer experience & significant increases in email open rates and click through rates. Establish a rigorous, data-driven roadmap to ensure continuous improvement across all global sites.  • Manage and grow monetization and selling opportunities for products through online platforms working with Internal team to create content rich experiences, identifying innovative ways to connect with buying audiences, reviewing and maximizing partnership models, model and pilot new business models and online programs with partners.  • Utilize strong Web analytical ability to evaluate end-to-end customer experience, highlighting opportunities to improve conversion rates, Measure and report performance of all digital marketing campaigns using Google Analytics  • Maintains integrity and proper segmentation of B2B (Grainger and MC Master) and B2C Supports B2B e-commerce website and promotions as needed.  • Maintaining a deep understanding of the functionality available within channels. Studying client desires, behaviors and needs, develop strategies to improve the user experience, and ensure that the experience is consistent across all channels.  • Day-to-day management of web development team within established budget. Serve as point person for all site outages, Issues, Maintenance & Optimization.    Achievements at Radionic Industries  ? Integrate amazon seller central and vendor central, Wayfair (EDI), Home depot (EDI), Houzz.com, Big commerce, Woo commerce to Centralized E commerce Automation System (SellerCloud) ( Project Initiated by me from Starting to End) which include Automated Order management, Inventory and & product management include 90,000+ SKUs.  ? Introduce 3 giant Lighting MFG Vendors to Radionic Industries which includes more than 5000 Skus which increase 40% Sales. IT Project Manager Ostrich Network February 2013 to November 2016 OSTRICH NETWORK was founded in the year 2001, which specializes in web development, website design, ecommerce development, Web Application, Custom Development, flash and SEO.    Responsibilities:  ? Managed 25+ Offshore E commerce web Development & redesign projects including web apps.  ? Lead the development of website initiatives that reflect the brand strategy, while making it easy for consumers to discover and purchase products through a B2C ecommerce experience for multiple channels.  ? Lead, develop, and deliver digital marketing campaigns that increase brand awareness and drive qualified traffic to the company websites.  ? Lead internal project team meetings and meetings with the client.  ? Responsible for team management with having 12 people to look after their productivity outcomes, improving their skillset and project monitoring.  ? Lead paid media campaigns and channel planning oversee campaign execution by a third party.  ? Plan and maintain the budget for all digital marketing programs; measure ongoing effectiveness and ROI for all campaigns  ? Develop an email acquisition program and email promotional campaign program to engage customers on an ongoing basis.  ? Nurture the social media strategy to increase customer engagement and brand awareness  ? Identify and manage third-party providers, in collaboration with other departments, to deliver the best results at the best value.  ? Continuously monitor emerging ecommerce trends to understand market dynamics  ? Partner with the Marketing team to lead the development of ecommerce creative and manage the integration of company-wide marketing and brand campaigns into the ecommerce experience.  ? Identify new areas of ecommerce opportunity beyond current organizational thinking.  ? Establish clear goals and expectations, hold myself and others accountable, and cultivate staff for the benefit of the employee and the company. Web Developer Vertex Technologies September 2010 to February 2013 Vertex Technologies Pvt. Ltd. is a leading IT solutions and service providing company. We are technically advanced and ready to serve even the toughest challenges. Along with providing IT solutions in terms of Hardware, Software, Networking, Security Products & Solutions, Projects and other IT Services.    Responsibilities:  ? Develop and maintain 35+ E commerce websites using WordPress, Magneto, Joomla, Prestashop, Code igniter, Cakephp, Yii and specialized plugins for SEO.  ? Find, diagnose and fix website problems, including broken links, typographical errors, and formatting inconsistencies.  ? Created PPC Campaigns to run Google AdWords and other ad networks.  ? Tracked campaign results using Google Analytics and Stat Counter.  ? Coding of custom theme and template files using HTML, HTML5, CSS, PHP and Bootstrap 3 framework.  ? Deployment from local environment to staging then to production using Git and a private repo on Bit Bucket  ? Use of custom post type, custom field type, and jQuery to create testimonial carousel.  ? Maintain and update website graphics  ? Develop and design user-friendly interface for different screen resolutions (Responsive Design)  ? Schedule and conduct meetings with Co-developers and designers in team.  ? Provide Web Troubleshooting and updating support.  ? Managing MySQL Databases and backend Cpanel. Trainee Six month Training Program February 2010 to August 2010 Diploma Project (Trainee Management System with Asp.net, C++ & JAVA ) (Six month Training Program)    ? Develop a project on Transport management system.  ? Manage Modules according to the plan and create documentation with multiple diagrams.  ? Lead and manage the project team and complete project in given time period.  ? Determine the methodology used on the project.  ? Establish a project schedule and determine each phase.  ? Assign tasks to project team members.  ? Provide regular updates to Project Co-Ordinator. Education Engineering & Technology Campus-Parul Institute of Engineering November 2012 Diploma in Information Technology in Technical Examination Board-Gandhinagar Campus-Sankalchand Patel College of Engineering Bachelor in Information Technology in Information Technology Gujarat Technological University Skills Sem, Seo, Marketing, Ajax, Css Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/janak-chapaneri-25505371