IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager (PMP, CSM) Rockville, MD ? An accomplished IT Project Manager with over 6 years’ experience in contract management and project leadership for various federal agencies including but not limited to, NCI, SAMHSA, USDA, DOL, NIH and EPA. My project experience is primarily focused in software applications development, cloud infrastructure and migrations, database and data warehouse designs, server architecture and infrastructure, operations and administration, mobile technology and web site development and maintenance.    ? I am experienced in managing and controlling a diverse work force of technical and non-technical staff from conception, through design, implementation and quality assurance to deployment ensuring full life cycle delivery costs are within the estimated delivery costs.    ? Highly experienced in agile and waterfall project management methodologies. Work Experience IT Project Manager ICF International, Inc. - Rockville, MD June 2019 to Present ? Led/Supported multi-disciplined project teams in the delivery of high-quality IT products and services (on time and in budget).  ? Managed full life cycle web solutions, software development and cloud-based projects.   ? Managed medium to large remote cross-functional teams creating and maintaining web applications using the latest technologies   ? Lead an integrated consulting team delivering interactive and creative solutions to clients (Modern technologies, Mobile, Responsive web design, APIs, CMS, Agile processes, UX and visual design, Behavior-changed focused websites, Teamwork with Marketing)   ? Ensure that all project goals are accomplished according to specifications and business objectives  ? Lead a team of Infra & DevOps engineers supporting cloud hosting infrastructure utilizing IaaS, PaaS, DevOps, and various security framework architectures in both Microsoft Azure and Amazon AWS cloud providers.  ? Managed and lead client software releases leveraging Agile SDLC processes, tools and templates  ? Worked closely with government stakeholders to effectively manage customer expectations for all software releases.  ? Prepare project plans and project schedules, manage project team assignments, track milestones, and ensure seamless integration with software release plans.  ? Track action items and actively identify and mitigate risks.  ? Manage requirements backlogs and engineering priorities  ? Coach and promote Project Management best practices across project teams to reach their highest potential Project Manager/Scrum Master DEALERON INC - Rockville, MD January 2018 to May 2019 ?Led cross-functional project teams, managing all project lifecycle activities that are medium to high in risk, scope, complexity.  ? Record detailed customer requirements, constraints, and assumptions with stakeholders to establish the project deliverables, using requirement-gathering techniques (e.g., planning sessions, brainstorming, focus groups) and the project charter.  ? Under limited supervision, manages multiple projects and ongoing operational responsibilities while monitoring, summarizing, communicating, and reporting status to executive management.  ? Drive delivery of all project deliverables including business case, requirements, project planning, testing, implementation, and closing  ? Conducted Agile Ceremonies: Scrums, Backlog Grooming, Sprint Planning, Sprint Review and Sprint Retrospective  ? Acts as a strong leader/facilitator in the development and implementation of work processes with current business units for identifying, sharing, and making recommendations to create and institutionalize operational best practices across the organization. Includes follow-up and tracking procedures to ensure best practices are implemented.  ? Assigned responsibilities and project objectives for project teams, set deadlines, assist with impact analysis and track changes to requirements. Ensure that changes to projects are documented. Work with customers to understand and articulate end-user problems that we are uniquely positioned to solve.  ? Coordinated with the Product Manager to maintain the product backlog to ensure designers and developers always have clear acceptance criteria for upcoming work. Project Manager ADVENTIST HEALTHCARE INC - Gaithersburg, MD November 2013 to June 2018 ? Led end-to-end Workday implementations for the in-scope processes throughout various Adventist Healthcare departments   ? Responsible for on time delivery of functional designs, specifications, gap analysis and fit-gap documentation  ? Engage with the IT partners defining strategies and requirements, guiding stakeholders through the implementation process, configuring the application according to customer requirements, developing system interface and data conversion plans  ? Defined project scope, goals, and deliverables in collaboration with management and stakeholders.  ? Contributed in preparation of initial project timelines and cost estimates; benefits; feasibility; and priority for PMO review.  ? Developed full-scale project plans for approved projects and associated communications documents.  ? Proactively manage changes in project scope, identify potential risks, and develop contingency plans.  ? Developed and deliver progress reports, proposals, requirements documentation, and presentations.  ? Facilitated definition of project success criteria, obtain approval from sponsor, and disseminate them to involved parties throughout project life cycle. Project Accountant Adventist HealthCare - Gaithersburg, MD May 2013 to November 2013 ? Owner of the PeopleSoft “Billings and Contracts” modules for individual projects   ? Developed and maintained both revenue recognition and management of Estimates to Complete (ETCs), Estimates at Completion (EACs), burn rate analyses, and related cost analysis.   ? Responsible for accurately updating and generating reports and schedules used by Business Partners, and Operations to financially manage projects.  ? Work alongside Project Leads to maintain project budgets including monthly budgeted vs. actual cost analysis; create financial forecasts.  ? Carried out month-end close procedures including preparation and/or review of account reconciliations and preparation and posting of monthly general journal entries. Senior Financial Analyst GENERAL DYNAMICS-MISSION SYSTEMS - Fairfax, VA December 2010 to May 2013 ?Prepared monthly reports for senior management which include analysis of key operational and financial performance measures  ?Collaborated with finance and plant management team to gather and analyze data for reports needed  ?Participated in month end and year end process including confirmation of actuals  ?Analyzed, organize and evaluate substantial amounts of data in short periods of time  ?Forecasting model maintenance and development: work with team to create and improve business forecasting processes. As well as good spreadsheet and database development skills, the ability to assess and rationalize results are a key requirement of this candidate.  ?Assisted with the development of business cases and/or develop fully documented, accurate cost and funding models for proposed projects.  ?Helped determine funding approaches/recommendations compliant with management and franchise agreements.  ?Worked with the business and/or other internal groups to provide financial support and analysis of proposed projects.  ?Developed an understanding of business needs and long term impacts of project decisions to highlight potential risk for management review. Education Bachelor of Science in Financial Economics in Financial Economics UNIVERSITY OF MARYLAND - Baltimore, MD December 2010 Skills WORKDAY, HYPERION, MICROSOFT PROJECT, JIRA, PEOPLESOFT, estimating, scheduling, budgeting, Project Management, Program Management, Agile Scrum, Certified Scrum Master, Kanban, PMP, Scrum, Scrum Master, PM, CSM Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) Certified ScrumMaster (CSM) Additional Information CORE COMPETENCIES  ? Critical Thinking  ? Collects and structures the available data impacting the project  ? Advanced Microsoft Office & Project skills  ? Motivate and inspire team cohesiveness  ? Prioritize tasks that change frequently  ? Manage unexpected demands  ? Understand industry trends and their impact  ? Employs strong organizational skills    ADDITIONAL SKILLS    ? Proficient in Microsoft Office (PowerPoint, Outlook, Word, Excel, Access)  ? Proficient in JIRA, Microsoft Project, Confluence, Hyperion Planning, PeopleSoft, Workday