Product Owner/Sr. Business Analyst, Media Technology Project Management Product Owner/Sr. Business Analyst, Media Technology <span class="hl">Project</span> Management Seasoned IT Product/ Project Manager seeking opportunities in Cyber Security Ridgefield Park, NJ Work Experience Product Owner/Sr. Business Analyst, Media Technology Project Management Home Box Office, Inc. (HBO) - New York, NY February 2013 to Present Develop roadmap and strategy for custom web applications and digital asset protection products to prioritize (features, bugs and risks) and to plan to meet future requirements.    Secure buy-in on proposed roadmaps and strategies with Senior Management to ensure enterprise alignment.    Collaborate with clients, cross-functional engineering teams, subject matter experts and other stakeholders worldwide (US, Europe, LATAM and Asia) to understand the opportunities the products would make accessible.    Partner with Sales, Marketing and Operations teams to grow brand awareness for HBO assets.  Monitor, survey and analyze feedback from users to improve the overall experience while interacting with the product.    Update B2B applications with 10,000+ international users to ensure compliance to data and privacy protection policies such as GDPR, encryption, access controls and resilience.    Define and groom use cases, user stories and requirements as a Product Owner to communicate requirements to agile development teams.    Launched 6 separate web products on AWS from inception to hypercare in the 5 years in the capacity of Product Owner.  • Promotional Materials Distribution web portal and delivery service application  • Web dashboard for monitoring the Global Media (Asset) Supply Chain  • Media workflow job request web portal  • Web portal and services integrating Okta as the enterprise IAM solution  • Web Application for digital Asset encryption and forensic watermark protection software for pre-air streaming  • Web Application for digital Asset protection software for live streaming near-live broadcasts to Senior Executives Project Manager/Business Analyst, IT Application Development Home Box Office, Inc. (HBO) - New York, NY December 2011 to February 2013 Managed project budget, scope and requirements, timeline, milestones and reports for B2B and Intranet applications.    Facilitated project kick-off, status and requirement gathering meetings with stakeholders to provide context and to bridge gaps among the various stakeholders and sponsors.    Worked with agencies to implement custom workflows and forms to accommodate the transition to the new SaaS CRM  provider from custom built solutions.    Documented and maintained technical documents and UML model such as Use Case Diagrams, Sequence Diagrams, Activity Diagrams, State Machine Diagrams, Class Diagrams, Component Diagrams and ER Diagrams using software development and design tools, as well as, detailed Statements of Requirements, Functional Requirements, Traceability Matrices, RACI Matrices, Training/User Guides, Gantt Charts, Project Plans and Risk Registers.    Conducted User Experience (UX) Review sessions with customers and provided User Interface design recommendations based on feedback analysis  and industry research. Jr. Business Analyst, IT Project Governance and Enterprise Architecture Home Box Office, Inc. (HBO) - New York, NY October 2010 to December 2011 Researched best practices from industry and from staff to recommend to Senior Management team to establish IT Application Development department-wide Project Governance and Enterprise Architecture policies.    Performed build-vs-buy, cost-benefit and risk analysis to support the business case, RFP and SOW documentation to vet vendors.    Facilitated the adoption and rollout of TOSCA Test Suite for testing automation.  Worked with  Software Project Advisors to support evaluations of ongoing engagements and upcoming initiatives.    Trained all IT Application Development staff on new processes to ensure compliance with newly established governance and compliance policies.  Invited to participate as a panelist at the 2012 CIO Leadership Conference. Quality Assurance Script Tester, IT Application Development Home Box Office, Inc. (HBO) - New York, NY November 2009 to October 2010 Executed functional, regression tests and defect analysis against builds for a metadata management application.    Enumerated critical path and edge scenario test cases. Education M. S. in Business in Computer Information Systems Baruch College, Zicklin School of Business - New York, NY September 2009 to May 2011 Bachelor's in Operations Research & Information Engineering Cornell University, College of Engineering - Ithaca, NY August 2005 to May 2009 Skills REQUIREMENTS ANALYSIS, DATA ANALYSIS, OPERATIONS, Agile Scrum, Scrum (6 years), CSM (5 years), Jira (10+ years), Rally (2 years), Security (4 years) Links http://linkedin.com/in/taekk Certifications/Licenses Certified ScrumMaster (CSM) May 2015 to May 2021 SAFe PO/PM July 2019 to July 2020 CompTIA Security+ August 2019 to August 2022