Systems Analyst Systems Analyst Pittsburgh, PA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Systems Analyst UPMC - Pittsburgh, PA September 2018 to Present • Analyze needs in electronic health records for behavioral health outpatient offices to improve workflow  • Develop end user training for EpicCare software and perform conduct gap analysis on existing training documentation  • Lead team in new projects and offer solutions and insights into issues that arise  • Work closely with doctors, nurses, and therapists in training and supporting new EpicCare technology  • Build and modify EpicCare software to the needs and specifications of different departments  • Adhere to tickets submitted by end users and solve their issues in a timely manner PC Consultant UPMC - Pittsburgh, PA August 2018 to Present ?      Administered technology deployment throughout the hospital network, distributing various platforms to meet network demand  ?      Developed and ran Powershell scripts to obtain PC data and meticulously transferred the information from spreadsheets into a departmental database  ?      Created PC refresh projects from collected data for the department to adhere to  ?      Successfully back-upped data from antiquated PCs and then restored it to a new device or platform  ?      Supported users by imaging new computers to their specifications Bucco Brigade, In- Game Entertainment PITTSBURGH PIRATES - Pittsburgh, PA July 2017 to Present ? Responsible for creating a fun and enjoyable atmosphere by performing in-game entertainment for fans  ? Engaged fans in conversation ensuring a personable and enjoyable experience at PNC Park  ? Assisted company and players in community related events, such as Pirates Fan Fest Tour Guide SEGWAY PITTSBURGH - Pittsburgh, PA April 2014 to Present Provided historic and entertaining Segway tours throughout the city of Pittsburgh  ? Communicated with both domestic and international customers on how to safely ride a Segway  ? Oversaw social media accounts and used web analytics to strategically market the company IT Intern UNIVERSITY OF PITTSBURGH ATHLETIC DEPARTMENT - Pittsburgh, PA October 2015 to April 2017 ? Supported day-to-day operation of Pitt's Athletic Department technology, including Mac OS X and Windows  desktop computers, software and related devices, installations, diagnostic activities, and a triage of related  software and hardware malfunctions  ? Creatively and promptly used problem solving strategies to resolve technological issues for coaches and athletes Project Manager/ Consultant STUDENTS CONSULTING NON-PROFIT ORGANIZATIONS - Pittsburgh, PA September 2015 to April 2017 Project Manager/ Consultant  ? Designed a database schema that was implemented using mySQL to create a dynamic database for G-Tech  Strategies  ? Developed a standardized operating procedure for The Rukmini Foundation  ? Revamped and reorganized Focus on Renewal Sto Rox's Website using data analytics to help reach their target  market Education B.S. in Information Science UNIVERSITY OF PITTSBURGH - Pittsburgh, PA April 2017 Skills MAC OS (10+ years), ACCESS (2 years), EXCEL (4 years), HTML (2 years), testing, Business Intelligence, SQL, MS Office, Microsoft Office, Powerpoint Assessments Data Analysis — Proficient August 2019 Measures a candidate's skill in interpreting and producing graphs, identifying trends, and drawing justifiable conclusions from data. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/rgqzqqfo9fkfiztl Problem Solving — Highly Proficient August 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to analyze relevant information when solving problems. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/by6pldnkeirrpb-z Research — Highly Proficient August 2019 Measures a candidate’s ability to follow protocols, interpret statistics and graphs, identify errors, and choose research methodology. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/e1m1wphxpmzazxg2 Social Media — Expert August 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to create content, communicate online, and build a brand's reputation. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/pv00ql3dccr0iqpn Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information Skills    Programming Languages: Proficient in Java, JavaScript, HTML, SQL, Powershell    Operating Systems: Windows 7, 10; Mac OS Sierra  Programs: Proficient in Microsoft Excel, Access, Google Analytics, Salesforce