Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Tamarac, FL Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager Cintas - Miami, FL March 2019 to Present Hire fit team employees to travel to different states to do new uniform fittings for United Airline employees as well as different Hospitals around the United States fitting nurses for new scrubs. Delegating the set up and breakdown of the fit tours. Processing orders daily, correcting orders, tabulating total number of employees who complete the fit tour daily in multiple states. IT Technician Supervisor of Elections - Lauderhill, FL July 2018 to Present Assist in setting up voting machines as well as troubleshooting voting machines for the Broward County Supervisor of Elections. Conduct admin duties, data entry, quality assurance and also light warehouse duties. Behavioral Health Technician The Watershed - Boynton Beach, FL January 2017 to July 2018 Facilitate patients through substance abuse program, assisting and redirecting patients with various behavioral difficulties. Implementing individual treatment plans, record patient  behavior, program and activity management. Fraud Analyst Capital One - Pompano Beach, FL August 2016 to February 2017 Investigate forgery and theft within customers' accounts and transaction history. Verified,  investigated and finalizing fraud claims. Resolve queued transactions within the service level  agreements to reduce potential revenue losses. Resolve customer issues within the scope of existing service level agreements.  • Recommend new software tools used for fraud detection, prevention and reporting activities.  • Preparing and editing correspondence, reports, and presentations  • Managing projects and conducting research  • Maintain fraud analysis models to improve efficiency and effectiveness of company systems  • Providing quality customer service Vacation Counselor Eccentry Holidays - Sunny Isles Beach, FL June 2012 to April 2014 Educate members on the benefits, assisting with all traveling needs. Putting together trips with basic budgeting and itinerary coordination. Customized route planning tools that  indicate points of interest.  • Solid communication and interpersonal skills  • Comfort providing sales through service  • Ability to meet sales goals and/or requirements  • Flexible and comfortable working in a team setting  • General geographical knowledge Store Manager Foot Locker - Coral Springs, FL June 2008 to April 2014 Handled all store operations including employee training. Recruiting, supervising and appraising staff, managing budgets, maintaining statistical and financial records. Education B.S. in Criminal Justice Florida Memorial University 2008 Skills Calendaring (Less than 1 year), Database (Less than 1 year), Database Administration (Less than 1 year), Excel (Less than 1 year), Executive Support (Less than 1 year), Behavioral Health, Mental Health, Customer Service, Maintenance, Microsoft Project, Scheduling, Word, Maintenance, Scheduling, Sales Certifications/Licenses First Aid CPR AED January 2017 to January 2019 Driver's License Additional Information Key Skills  Office Office Management Spreadsheets/Reports Project Management  Skills: Records Management Event Management Executive Support  Database Administration Calendaring Travel Coordination  Computer MS Word MS Outlook MS Publisher  Skills: MS Excel MS Access FileMaker Pro  MS PowerPoint MS Project Windows