Business Development Project Manager Business Development <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Business Development Project Manager Alpharetta, GA Work Experience Business Development Project Manager American Express 2017 to Present • Partner with Clients to strategize and implement campaigns designed to increase revenue and merchant satisfaction.  • Support all merchant sales channels by being the liaison on behalf of the Client/Buyers.  • Assist clients with conducting projected growth and finance analysis.  • Train and educate sales channels on Client's expectations, sales strategies, and value  propositions.  • Build and manage internal and external staff to ensure Client's expectations are being met.  • Monitor sales cycles and address aging accounts with sales staff and higher leadership.    Thank you for reviewing my resume. My cover letter is attached on the final page.    -1-  (512) 720-2024  Alpharetta, GA 30004  emmanuel.harris3190@gmail.com  LinkedIn: linkedin.com/in/emmanuel-harris-4b5a5218b/    • Conduct business reviews with Clients to discuss results, address supplier issues, and communicate feedback from sales channels.  • Partner with Clients to conduct kick-off meetings designed to promote campaigns, decrease  sales cycles, and improve the Merchant experience.  • Assist client with monitoring Merchant performance to bridge any gaps between estimated and actual volume.  • Management of multi-million-dollar, multi-location programs, responsible for revenue, and business growth. IT Infrastructure Project Manager Pruitt Health 2016 to 2017 Contract Position)  • IT Project Manager for Pruitt Health. Charged with IT Infrastructure development of 34 new  locations in Southeast (GA, SC, NC, & AL). Installing and maintaining the new sites networking  systems, telecommunications, CCTV, and Cabling.  • Managed project life cycle tasks from initial quoting through post project maintenance.  • Responsible for project charter and scope definition and change control management.  • Ensured creation and completion of all project documentation. Including, creation of business  requirements, functional and non-functional requirements, quoting, test plans, and project  scope.  • Monitored and maintained resource hours, project personnel, and budgeting.  • Led a 16-man team comprised of Business Analyst, Developers, and QA Technicians for Pruitt  Health's IT infrastructure projects. IT Implementation Manager Ebix Inc 2016 to 2016 Contract Position)  • Client Facing Project Manager charged with development and customization of a SAAS platform  for several high-profile clients.  • Led a team of Developers, QA Testers, and Business Analysts through the Software  Development lifecycle on all SAAS projects.  • Managed project life cycle tasks from definition through post implementation.  • Responsible for project charter and scope definition and change control management.  • Ensured creation, identification, prioritization and sign off of business requirements.  • Monitors design, development, test case design and execution.  • Assured project planning and financial monitoring.  • Coordination of cost estimates; resource planning and management, identification of and securing of resources.  • Facilitated project communication including risks, issues and deviations from plan.  • Confirms achievement of objectives, verifies and documents project results to formalize  acceptance by the sponsor.  • Coordinates production, post implementation tasks, and post project review.  • Ensures proper transition to production support team and impacted business areas.  • Projects methodology and execution adhered to Agile principles. Business Systems Analyst Primerica - Alpharetta, GA 2015 to 2016 30004  emmanuel.harris3190@gmail.com  LinkedIn: linkedin.com/in/emmanuel-harris-4b5a5218b/    • Served as a liaison between developers, users, clients, and IT/ Project management. Finding  balance between individual wants and company needs. Interacting with various personality  types with professional persuasion skills.  • Responsible for creation of business rules and requirements, functional and non-functional  requirements, test plans, and post project review documentation.  • Planning the project scope, directing staff members, and handling change requests when handling project work. Projects were handled using Waterfall methodology.  • Consultant to department project managers and advisor to developers. Used in a wide variety of business matters.  • Maintaining relationships within a department and with external partners while working as a Business Analyst/ Project Manager.  • Project and reporting documentation, filing, and archiving.  • Analyzing data, documents, user input surveys and workflow to determine which course of action will correct the business problem.  • Able to handle frequent and random changes and resolve problems to move towards a project  successful completion.  • Analyzing data, documents, user input surveys and workflow to determine which course of action will correct the business problem. CNO Financial - Chicago, IL 2014 to 2014 CNO Financial - Duluth, GA 2014 to 2014 CNO Financial - Marietta, GA 2014 to 2014 Week Sales Agent Success Training CNO Financial - Duluth, GA 2014 to 2014 GA Resident Insurance Licenses 2014 to 2014 Product Manager CNO Financial 2013 to 2014 Managed daily operations of an Insurance/Investment solutions sales team generating $728,573  of premium for the company from January 2014 to December 2014. Provided field sales  leadership and supervised up to 17 Sales Representatives and Financial Advisors. Rapidly  promoted in the company from initial Sales Associate position to Field Trainer to eventually Unit  Field Director all within under 2 years.  • 2nd Place for Regional Rookie of the Year for generating $57,400 personal sale commissions in 8  months.  • Series 6, 63, & 7 FINRA finance licenses.  • Recognized for ability to quickly establish rapport with customers, up-sell products, and build a loyal customer base while at CNO.  • Excellent knowledge of Life Insurance, Health Insurance, LTC, Disability, and Annuity products.  • Excellent interpersonal, communication and relationship-building skills. Ability to listen  attentively, persuasive communication, and following through diligently.  • Proactively contacted potential new prospect through cold and warm sales calls.  • Met clients in home and conduct needs-based product presentations and provide financial  solutions to client.  • Identifying potential customers through personal referral and lead generation. CNO Financial - Marietta, GA 2013 to 2013 Supervised a crew United States Marine Corps 2011 to 2013 of up to 45 in military daily operations, including evaluation and discipline - efforts led to a high level of excellence in conduct and efficiency in daily operations.  • Planned, developed, guided teams to maintain quality standards and success during professional  and community service events during time in service.    Thank you for reviewing my resume. My cover letter is attached on the final page.    -3-  (512) 720-2024  Alpharetta, GA 30004  emmanuel.harris3190@gmail.com  LinkedIn: linkedin.com/in/emmanuel-harris-4b5a5218b/    • Performed various duties and tasks related to the control of air traffic and vehicles within the designated areas aboard an established airport control zone, expeditionary airfield, or remote  area landing site.  • Performed duties on operational positions in control towers and radar air traffic control facilities  less local control, radar arrival/departure control and radar approach control. USMC - Beaufort, SC 2012 to 2012 USMC Advanced Leadership Tools & Military Principles/Ethics - Beaufort, SC (2012) Store Manager GameStop 2010 to 2011 Provide best-in-class customer service: Respond to customer concerns quickly and ensure all  store associates consistently provide best-in-class customer service.  • Recruit, hire, assess, develop, and retain people committed to outstanding customer service.  • Schedule store associates to achieve optimum customer service levels, and delegate store tasks  to ensure proper completion in an environment that puts the customer first.  • Provide timely and appropriate feedback to all store associates concerning performance, including daily coaching, conducting performance coaching discussions as appropriate, and  writing and presenting annual performance appraisals.  • Communicate clearly and regularly with store associates, other Store Managers, the store  support center, and multi-unit leaders to ensure that all GameStop store initiatives are  implemented according to plan.  • Protect company assets through effective inventory control and loss prevention practices.  • Lead store associates in meeting sales, profit and shrink goals.  • Count, balance and reconcile daily business transaction totals correctly and accurately in the POS system.  • Manage all in-store merchandising activity and stock levels; communicate all shortages, record  discrepancies and out of stock issues to the District Manager and Regional Loss Prevention  Manager.  • Train store associates on all aspects of their jobs, including all company/store policies, procedures and guidelines.  • Ensure all Affirmative Action Program initiatives including proper completion of additional  paperwork, document retention, and employment procedures and practices are adhered to. Sales Representative Vector Marketing 2008 to 2009 • Presenting Cutco products for sale direct to the consumer, through preset appointments.  • Filling and submitting customer orders.  • Identifying potential customers through personal referral and lead generation.  • Scheduling appointments.  • Reviewing personal performance with the local office manager at weekly meetings.  • Attending advanced training workshops and conferences on personal sales techniques, consumer behavior, time management, and effective communication.    Education, Certifications, & Training  • Mercer University Computer Science B.S. Business Management B.B.A  • Alison Project Management Certification (04/2105)    Thank you for reviewing my resume. My cover letter is attached on the final page.    -4-  (512) 720-2024  Alpharetta, GA 30004  emmanuel.harris3190@gmail.com  LinkedIn: linkedin.com/in/emmanuel-harris-4b5a5218b/ Greetings Hiring Manager, First Vector Marketing - Norcross, GA 2008 to 2008 I would like to take the time to thank you for viewing my cover letter. I'd describe myself as a highly motivated, adaptable team player, with excellent interpersonal and customer  relational skills. I am a proven communicator and self-starter with solid leadership qualities.    I have experience in the roles of IT Project Management, Business Analysis, Business  Development, along with a military background. I have six years of combined experience within these roles and believe this makes me an excellent candidate for this position.    Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to discussing this opportunity with you.    All The Best, Thank you for reviewing my resume. My cover letter is attached on the final page. Education Bachelor's Skills Sales management, Account development, Account management, Consumer sales, Coaching, Gap analysis, Data modeling, Sdlc, Uml, Networking, Database, Sql, Html, Xml, Change management, Uat, Qmf, Finance, Risk management, Black box, Sales, Cold Calling, Data Entry, MS Office, Salesforce Links http://linkedin.com/in/emmanuel-harris-4b5a5218b Military Service Branch: United States Marine Corps Rank: Corporal Certifications/Licenses Life and Health Insurance Additional Information Skills    Agile, Waterfall, SDLC Processes, SDLC Standard Methods, Software  Readiness, Creating Business Requirement Documents, Functional  Project Management  Requirement Documents, Designing Software Requirement  Specifications, Data Modeling & Change Management  UML, HTML, SQL, XML, Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint,    General Skills  Networking Equipment, Excellent Troubleshooting For Complex  Software/Hardware Issues, Data Entry, & Database Management  Inside & Outside Direct Consumer Sales, Client Relationship Building,  Sales & Client Services B2B Client Management, B2B Account Management, Buyer & Supplier  Account Development, B2B Leads & Sales Development,  UAT, White Box, Black Box, Grey Box, Maintaining Traceability Matrix,  Testing Protocols  Test Planning, MIRA Finance Reporting, Risk/Gap Analysis, & QMF  Risk Management, Client Integration Service, Team Building, Coaching,  Management/Leadership  & Field/Tele Sales Management