ICT Systems Engineer - Company ICT Systems Engineer - Company ICT Systems Engineer - Company Boynton Beach, FL High skilled Information Technology and Network Engineer seeking a Technical Project Manager position with a company that will use of management skills and technical knowledge in supervision to benefit the organization. Work Experience ICT Systems Engineer - Company British Telecom - AU June 2012 to July 2016 Australia  BT is one of the largest telecommunications services companies in the world, operating in over 170 countries. It is a multinational company headquartered in London, United Kingdom.  Responsibilities  • Responsible for ensuring that all ICT and Network related issues are proactively resolved, followed up and closed accordingly in a timely manner - Administers and maintains Infrastructure devices such as servers, hosts and networking devices router, switches, APs, WLC to ensure proper operation and availability; coordinating installations, moves, and repairs with 3rd party vendors where necessary - Delivering quality onsite and remote technical engagements and ensuring excellent client satisfaction.  • Perform Documentation and compliance procedures as requested. Junior IT Project Manager - Company Desca - VE June 2008 to November 2008 Venezuela  Responsibilities:  • Responsible for coordinating and documenting project meeting including meeting agendas, minutes, and list of action items.  • Assist the Senior Project Manager in preparing and updating project plans, deployment plans, resource management, etc.  • Oversee full life cycle of projects by defining project scope, goals and deliverables that support business goals in collaboration with senior management and stakeholders  • Serve as a liaison between the de staff, and the client during the life cycle of a project  • Develop and deliver progress reports, proposal, requirements documentation, and presentations. IT Technical Support / IT Support Team Leader Desca - VE February 2006 to May 2008 Venezuela  Responsibilities:  • Coordinated and assisted internal and external clients with IT requests and delegating to different IT members within the team.  • Coordinated and provided L1/L2 IT support and resolve issues with network equipment, operating systems, software applications and hardware equipment.  • Responsible for preparing monthly status reports for Management.  • Managed and liaised with suppliers, vendor and third-party contractors.  • Delivered users training, testing and handover Video Conferencing Technical Support CAF Development Bank of Latin America November 2004 to January 2006 Company: Outsourcing Desca - Venezuela  Responsibilities:  • Provide first tier support for all video conferencing system. Monitor video conferences to ensure proper operation and reliable connectivity, work with coordinators and customers to resolve issues with minimal disruption to ongoing conferences. Coordinate with customers, distributed-techs and service providers to schedule connections requests, reduce service disruptions, and new equipment deployment. Education Bachelor's Degree in IT Systems Engineering in IT Systems Engineering Polytechnic University Santiago Mariño Certificate IV in Information Technology Holmesglen Inst of T.A.F.E Diploma of Graphic Design in Graphic Design Holmesglen Institute of T.A.F. E Skills PMP, PRINCE2, PROJECT MANAGEMENT, VISIO, ITIL Additional Information KEY SKILLS & COMPETENCIES  • Bachelor's Degree in IT Systems Engineering.  • Knowledge of key operational concepts, procedures and practices applicable to Project Management.  • Knowledge of Essential frameworks and Methodologies to maximize the value of Information Technology: ITIL, COBIT, PMP, PRINCE2, Agile, Scrum, ITSM, Lean Six Sigma.  • Skilled in Microsoft Office suite (Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Visio, Microsoft Project, SharePoint, etc)  • Excellent Analytical Skills. Able to analyse requirements, recognize patterns, and develop creative solutions.  • Ability to work autonomously or as a part of a team.  • Responsible, honest, creative, great interpersonal and communication skills. Confidence dealing with all levels across organizational structure including senior management and customers.  • Organized, highly motivated and strong detail oriented.  • Strong commitment to customer service