IT Project Manager/Business Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>/Business Analyst IT Project Manager/Business Analyst Tampa, FL I am a detail-focused and self-motivated IT Project Manager with advanced education in both  management and business administration. Above all I am a people-person who enjoys working in challenging and dynamic organizations with a positive culture. I have over 20 years of IT experience with the U.S. Government and look forward to expanding my horizons in the private sector. I am currently located in Germany, but looking to move back to the U.S within the next 120 days.     My capabilities include: Team management, IT acquisitions, change management, stakeholder and requirements management, business relationship management, contacting and business analysis. Work Experience IT Project Manager/Business Analyst U.S. Army/NATO - Wiesbaden June 2016 to November 2017 I worked in dual roles as Business Analyst and Project Manager for multiple IT projects for U.S.  Armed Forces in Europe, including individual based projects to deliver customer-facing IT solutions  to over 30,000 customers throughout Europe and Africa.    As Business Relations Manager, I was the primary conduit between customers, project managers  and engineers for the organization. I cultivated relationships with customers and key management  stakeholders to ensure superior delivery of IT services.    I Managed cross-cultural and cross-functional project teams including members from Research &  Development, Quality Management, and Systems Engineers. I prepared and delivered detailed  briefs to senior management regarding statuses of ongoing and future IT projects.    I helped facilitate the Change Management (ChM) and Continual Service Improvement (CSI)  processes through the receipt of Requests for Change (RFC) and development of Service Level  Agreements (SLA), which ensured our customers received top-notch and reliable IT services.    Organized business conferences, which strengthened the commercial relationship with our clients.  Improved the performance metric measuring process, which reduced the information availability  waiting time in half and provided more accurate information to systems engineers. Senior IT Manager 10 AAMDC U.S Army/NATO - Kaiserslautern January 2014 to May 2016 Worked as the Senior IT Manager for an organization of over 250 personnel ensured the alignment  of organizational IT objects with business objectives. I supervised a diverse section of 35 multidisciplined  employees.    I managed a Service Desk that provided Systems Administration, Network Administration, VOIP and  Video Teleconferencing services. During this time I helped reduced aging issues by 20% by  improving metrics reporting procedures along Incident and Problem Management process for the  organization.    Facilitated the change management, requirements management and creation of service level  agreements for entire team. I ensured that we effectively communicated expectations to customers  regarding response and resolution times.    I assisted with the planning and delivery of services, including coordinating projects, scheduled  imaging services, and ensuring the appropriate number of technicians were available to effectively  perform daily projects.    Ensured secure, robust infrastructure systems, including DNS, email, VPN, wireless networks,  firewalls, & enterprise authentication, by performing efficient troubleshooting. Education Master's in Business Administration University of Maryland - Adelphi, MD April 2016 to September 2018 Master's in Management Excelsior College - Albany, NY January 2014 to February 2016 Bachelor's in Applied Management Franklin University - Columbus, OH June 2009 to December 2013 Skills IT Project Management (3 years), Change Management (3 years), Requirements Management (2 years), IT Management (10+ years), Personnel Management (10+ years), PMP, PM, Waterfall Links http://linkedin.com/in/daniel-moore- Military Service Branch: United States Army Rank: Sergeant Major Awards Legion of Merit 2016-06 The Legion of Merit (LOM) is seventh in the order of precedence of all U.S. military awards   and is a military award of the United States Armed Forces that is given for exceptionally meritorious conduct in the performance of outstanding services and achievements. The decoration is issued to members of the seven uniformed services of the United States as well as to military and political figures of foreign governments. Certifications/Licenses ITIL June 2009 to Present CompTIA A+ Present CompTIA Security+ Present