Semeion Limited Abuja Nigeria/ IT & Project Manager Semeion Limited Abuja Nigeria/ <span class="hl">IT</span> &amp; <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Semeion Limited Abuja Nigeria/ IT & Project Manager US I am a medical doctor by training and currently work as IT professional with over 12 years of experience. I have worked at different times in different capacities as Project Manager, Project Office Manager. I have profound knowledge in the areas of web development and portal systems designs including intranets, extranets and development of sector specific management systems. I have experience that cuts across the public and private sectors including: arts, culture and heritage; medical; government and governance; and the financial sectors. I am motivated by the need to resolve IT challenges and issues and can work under pressure. I am a team player with great interpersonal relationship and have proven leadership skills. More recently I have shifted my focus to designing and developing enterprise business applications using python, and PHP in object oriented MVC projects. Work Experience Semeion Limited Abuja Nigeria/ IT & Project Manager NimoSource Limited March 2012 to August 2014 Software development Lead & Manager  Develop business cases; business documents including business plans and proposals, risk analysis and management plans; application business components; application documentation including use cases, UML diagrams; Make presentation to clients; implement change management on projects including training and retraining    March 2012 - Semeion Limited Abuja Nigeria/ IT & Project Manager  Manage Company Business Projects using PMI PMBoK principles; Provide IT - Business Knowledge to Semeion Consulting Team Develop Business Plans and Cases. Abuja Nigeria / Project Office Manager& Business Process Consultant NNICHE IT Limited March 2011 to December 2012 Establishing, implementing, developing, and controlling best practices for IT project management throughout the organization; Review budget proposals, and recommend subsequent budget changes where necessary; Assess and approve/disapprove need for additional staff or consultants and make the appropriate recruitments if necessary during project's lifecycle; Coach, mentor, motivate, and supervise new project team leads, team members, and contractors, and influence them to take positive action and accountability for their assigned work; Identify and resolve issues and conflicts within and between various project teams. Practice Tests 2012 to 2012 CBT engine with a work flow that allows for paid use of the test engine to practice for JAMB exams.  Barian Systems Petroleum Trust Development Fund (PTDF) Ex Scholars Portal http://sp.ptdf.qov.nq 2012 Owner Zedek Framework March 2008 to March 2009 2.0  http://github.com/djynnius/zedek2.0    Self  PHP Object Oriented Model-View-Controller Web Development framework for rapid web applications development using the DRY principle compatible with MySQL and SQLite3. Includes a theme rendering engine which introduces basic looping logic into markup, and a database Object Relational Mapper (ORM) all developed de novo. On going.    SmartGov Billing System SmartGov/Cross River State Government. Cross River State and Interswitch Joint venture as part of eGovernment Service portal.  UNDP sponsored Nigerian National Assembly Review of Information Sharing mechanisms Internal and External  Nigerian National Assembly (Nigerian Parliament)    Review of information sharing mechanisms and implementation of an eParliament application (Bungeni) and the use of the Akoma Ntoso standards for formatting parliamentary documents. ( project is Ongoing) Nniche IT 2009 to 2009 2009 Education Certificate in Medicine and Surgery University of Calabar 1997 to 2004 A-Level College of Arts & Science 1995 to 1996 Certificate Air Force Secondary School 1988 to 1993 Certificate in Management Systems Air Force Primary School 1983 to 1987 MBBCh in Adobe suit University of Calabar