IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Business Analytics | Technology Consulting and Project Management Washington, DC Ahmad started his career at Bank Audi in Lebanon - accumulating 6 years of professional experience on IT based national and international projects from analysis to design and implementation of complicated, big-scale, distributed, real-time on-line systems as a system engineer, database administrator, consultant, technical support, team leader and project manager.    Ahmad recently graduated from American University in Washington, DC with an MBA and a certificate in Analytics. He also has a B.S. in Computer Science from American University of Beirut.    Ahmad is passionate about technology and is looking to leverage his expertise to pivot to consulting and project management. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager American University - Washington, DC November 2018 to May 2019 Led implementation of technology solutions to support risk management and governance by collaborating with vendors and IT resources to ensure projects are delivered on time and within budget.  ? Agile Transformation – Organized a 3-day workshop to review agile methods and processes to provide more flexibility in leading future projects.  ? Risk Management – Created sprint schedules to facilitate migration of 1600+ credentials to a cloud-based password management solution to mitigate risk of storing critical data on an unsupported system.  ? Data Analytics – Collaborated with consultant to perform analytics audit and design new implementation to maintain data integrity and quality, allowing American University to make strategic and tactical decisions.  ? Business Analysis – Conducted requirements gathering sessions followed by market research to assess overall feasibility of implementing new project management platform to plan, track and manage projects in real time. MBA Intern Bounce Fitness - Washington, DC June 2018 to August 2018 Partnered with co-founders to launch mobile app “Send Me a Trainer" enabling expansion in the United States.  ? Product Management – Provided leadership team with an action plan for handover process from offshore to on-site development team while preparing a go-live checklist, including drafting legal documents for product launch.  ? Resource Management – Identified need for additional resources and hired and supervised 5 developers to create high- and low-level designs, establishing testing environment on Google Cloud Platform to address tier 1 issues. IT Service Delivery Manager Bank Audi - Beirut, LB November 2011 to January 2015 Managed Oracle databases, fusion middleware applications, MS SQL Servers and IBM core banking system to ensure highest service levels and operations while supporting digital transformation projects to revamp IT infrastructure.  ? Project Management – Recognized urgent business need and created solutions team to implement a consolidated reporting system for audit; managed all aspects of project lifecycle within an accelerated 30-day timeline.  ? Technical Leadership – Presented cost-benefit analysis and functional assessment of a new product; led technical team of 5 in product installation and configuration to deploy new queuing system for 80+ branches in Lebanon.  ? Cloud Migration – Evaluated 3 cloud service providers and developed proof of concept with vendors to test capabilities; initiated migration to Oracle Cloud, resulting in reduced infrastructure and operations costs.  ? Operations Management – Generated documentation for complex procedures to delegate 50+ tasks to IT Monitoring team and developed IT Service Desk tools to streamline productivity reducing incidents by 90%.  ? Process Improvement – Enhanced performance of “legacy” core banking system by reorganizing data, running cleanup scripts and upgrading hardware thus ensuring end of month process was completed on time.  ? Business Continuity – Assisted IT team of 200+ employees to establish a disaster recovery site and prepared DR procedures for all critical applications and databases, which guaranteed uninterrupted bank function. Education Master of Business Administration in Business Analytics American University - Washington, DC August 2017 to May 2019 Bachelor of Science in Computer Science American University of Beirut - Beirut March 2011 to September 2011 Skills Project Management (4 years), Vendor Management (1 year), Operations Management (3 years), Process Improvement (2 years), Product Management (Less than 1 year), Resource Management (Less than 1 year), Consulting Certifications/Licenses ITIL June 2013 to Present CSM July 2019 to Present Additional Information Technical Skills: Java, SQL, HTML and XML. MS Excel, Visio and Project. IBM SPSS, R, RapidMiner and Tableau.  Volunteer: AUB Red Cross, Bank Audi Corporate Social Responsibility Group, and IAESTE volunteer.  Interests: Traveling (20+ countries), Soccer (Started Juventus Club DC), Running Half Marathons, and Hiking.