Systems Administrator Systems Administrator System Administrator Las Vegas, NV A dedicated IT specialist who brings excellent skills in cyber security, desktop/network support, and windows systems administration. Currently holds industry certifications and an active Secret Clearance. An expert in DoD windows system administration. Great adaptability to learn any new system. Work Experience Systems Administrator AECOM - Las Vegas, NV March 2019 to Present • Provided system administration to DoD logistics center to include desktops, switches, printers, scanners, and logistics software for 60+ end users.  •  Maintained accountability of over $100K of computer systems and IT equipment.  • Provided CSA (Client System Administrator) duties for specific mission systems and software.  • Managed Active directory by creating groups, roles, and permissions.  • Performed Cybersecurity Liaison (CL) duties by training new users and maintaining supporting documentation.   IT Project Manager Intern Caesars Entertainment - Las Vegas, NV January 2019 to March 2019 • Analyzed competing priorities, financial/resource constraints and schedule considerations to determine costs and benefits of change requests.  • Worked collaboratively with internal and external teams to ensure successfulness of the project.  • Assisted PMs in developing project scope, budget, and schedule for IT project initiatives.  •  Evaluated stakeholders needs and translated them to the business to develop project budget and charter. Technical Specialist U.S. Air Force - Las Vegas, NV February 2015 to January 2019 • Managed DoD logistics software by creating user profiles, assigning roles, updating training, and complying with system updates.  • Oversaw 28 workstations, printers, scanners, and systems as the IT administrator.  • Led the creation of new work center project which included new IT infrastructure.  • Trained employees across multiple departments on system operations including log in procedures, permissions, printing issues, security and us of software.  • Troubleshot multiple desktop, network, and system tickets. Education B.S. in CLOUD AND SYSTEMS ADMINISTRATION WESTERN GOVERNERS UNIVERSITY Present Skills Networking, Html, Javascript, Python, It project management, Active Directory, System Administrator, System Admin Links http://LINKEDIN.COM/PATRICK-J-MCKEE Military Service Branch: Air Force Service Country: United States Rank: E5 February 2015 to January 2019 Certifications/Licenses Security+ May 2019 to May 2023