IT Specialist <span class="hl">IT</span> Specialist Boston, MA Work Experience IT Specialist Oxfam America - Boston, MA November 2018 to Present ? Promoted into IT Specialist Role after 6 months, continued T.I.M coordinator duties on top of new role  ? Deployed multiple new softwares organization wide(MS Teams and Zoom), managed projects  from scope definition to completion  ? Over 500 hours successfully managing large scale cross-functional projects  ? Extensive sys-admin experience, managing our information systems and AWS instances  ? Provided above and beyond support to country offices (Ethiopia, Senegal, Sudan, El Salvador and Peru)  ? Executed an infrastructure refresh for remote offices  ? Migrated local storage to AWS IT Coordinator Oxfam America - Boston, MA May 2018 to November 2018 ? Acted as the coordinator for the Technology and Information Management Group, coordinating  the shared services and information technology teams' calendars and workflows.  ? Extensive experience as SCRUM master for our agile project management environment  ? Ran daily standups, backlog scrubbing, and sprint meetings  ? Managed vendor relationships and created tracking reports for FY-2020 budget  ? Lead laptop refresh project, extensive experience creating Windows 7 and 10 images  ? Gained insight into how network infrastructure, comfortable with networking math and architecture  ? Took a leadership role in a 90 Day Stabilization Plan, acting as SCRUM master for my teammates  agile methodology  ? Crafted multiple high-level reports and dashboards for C level executives LAMP Stack Capstone Suffolk University - Boston, MA January 2018 to May 2018 ? Created 3+ full stack websites  ? Migrated and built database architecture  ? Took a leadership role and lead a seven-person team to create a successful online Art Gallery TEDx Event Leader Suffolk University - Boston, MA January 2018 to May 2018 Used networking skills to recruit high level speakers  ? Executed community outreach obtaining sponsorship from local business  ? Utilized extensive event planning and project management skills Project Manager Survey.com - Boston, MA May 2016 to September 2017 ? 1,500+ hours of project management experience  ? Managed hundreds of Brand Ambassadors across the US  ? Had multiple projects at 200+ retail locations, successfully recruited and built up reliable teams  ? Created high level reports for clients using Excel and SQL in tandem  ? Helped grow the start-up enabling a successful series C round of funding  ? Rented and staffed a warehouse to meet shipping demand  ? Built "Command Center", one custom built PC running three 50' TVs with multiple custom dashboards Boston Red Sox Marketing Consulting Suffolk University - Boston, MA January 2015 to May 2015 ? Extensive consumer behavior research  ? Created and presented marketing plan to Red Sox marketing executives  ? Mastery of IBM SPSS Data Analytics software Website Content Manager Hope Partnership - Old Saybrook, CT December 2014 to January 2015 ? Edited and generated website content using Wordpress, HTML  ? Designed Pamphlets and Flyers in Adobe Photoshop and Adobe Illustrator Education Information Systems/Global Business Suffolk University - Boston, MA September 2014 to May 2018 Skills Risk management, Agile Project Managment (4 years), Kanban (2 years), Leadership, managing teams and completing projects on time (4 years), SQL (2 years), SEO (4 years), PHP (2 years), Powershell (2 years)