IT Consultant <span class="hl">IT</span> Consultant Brighton, MA Work Experience IT Consultant BU IT Help Center - Boston, MA September 2018 to Present • Resolve over 20 ServiceNow tickets daily and perform software troubleshooting using Bomgar remote software  • Implement root-cause analysis to support students, faculty and staff  • Support account creation, and resolve email account issues  • Trained and supervised 5 student hires in troubleshooting protocols, and client service best practices Account Manager/Sales AT&T - Indianapolis, IN January 2017 to January 2018 • Direct sales and Face-to-Face Marketing; Daily use of CRM Salesforce technology.  • Completed account management training program; managed multiple customer accounts and client leads.  • Managed various territories in Indianapolis area, Catered Sales to fit customers' needs.  • Recruited and Trained people to meet weekly sales goals;  • Conducted daily enrichment meetings for entry level account managers.  • Consistently met weekly sales goals ($700- $1050).  • Exceeded customer retention expectation. Banker CITIBANK - Abidjan, CI June 2016 to August 2016 Abidjan, Ivory Coast June 2016 - August 2016  • Translated balance sheet and income statement from French standards into English standards before analysis  • Filtered and verified potential clients' information by performing thorough research on business history  • Analyzed clients' financial statement and ability to face their debts in order to upgrade their line of credits  • Assist Relationship Manager in setting up credit analysis process  • Ensured that effective implementation of credit lines is granted to customers  • Assisted in account openings for new clients (Lubrizol Corporation & Rina) Investment Analyst project- Portfolio management Rotary Club of Indianapolis - Indianapolis, IN August 2015 to December 2015 • In charge of the diversification of portfolio for the Rotary Club of Indianapolis.  • Compared stocks and bonds revenues and risks of investments in order to maximize return with reasonable risk.  • Preserved purchasing power and provide stable growth.  • Provided best asset mix to reach optimal amount of risk and return, and recommended funds that offer high risk adjusted return vs.  the benchmark  • Exceeded the return of the market benchmark by 2%. Education Master of Science in Financial Management with concentration in Investment Analysis Boston University - Boston, MA August 2018 to Present Bachelor of Science in Finance University of Indianapolis - Indianapolis, IN August 2013 to December 2016 Skills CRM, PYTHON, BUDGETING, EXCEL, POWERPOINT, Financial Analysis, Financial Reporting, Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, accounting, Analytics Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/alanbrou