IT Specialist <span class="hl">IT</span> Specialist IT Specialist Wilkes-Barre, PA To find a full time position working hands on as a helpdesk support technician or desktop support technician. i would like to also expand my knowledge and learn new things dealing with Active Directory and also learning how to manage accounts from the server side of business. I want to be able to develop my skills so that i may be better able to be a server administrator one day. Work Experience IT Specialist Farmingdale State College February 2015 to June 2016 • Troubleshoot all hardware and software issues for all 3 sites  • Install network hardware as needed(switches, routers, firewalls)  • Image computers, install computers, replace computers  • Manage access to Banner and Argos as well and print reports as needed  • Install printers, fax machines, scanners as needed.  • Acted as the admin for Google Apps for Education(managed user accounts, assisted with google classroom issues, Project Support Specialist Farmingdale State College August 2014 to November 2015 Assist teachers in lesson plans via technology  ? Troubleshoot issues with mobile stem lab and peripherals  ? Assisted in design of STEM website for the program Desktop Support Technician Farmingdale State College Install Computers April 2012 to December 2013 • Troubleshoot hardware/software issues  • Install Computers, Fax Machines, Printers, etc.  • Hookup mobile devices to the School's wireless network  • Reset passwords for Students email and OASIS accounts  • Reset passwords for Faculty email, Banner, and OASIS accounts. Web Product Manager Tiger Supply Inc August 2013 to November 2013 Update products through a back-end ASP.net interface called nopCommerce.  ? Post new products on the website through the interface  ? Update existing products on the website to reflect changes to products and prices  ? Put all manufacturer names and categories into alphabetical order by first name. Internship Arnouse Digital Device Corp February 2013 to May 2013 • Helped develop "JEnglish" which dynamically creates web pages in Javascript  • Used Javascript to allow objects to be added to webpage dynamically  • Used Javascript also to label the objects dynamically  • Worked with a team of programmers to make new changes to application as needed Education Bachelors in Computer Programming/Information Systems Farmingdale State College - Farmingdale, NY December 2013 Associates in Liberal Arts and Science Suffolk County Community College - Brentwood, NY December 2011 Additional Information Personal Skills: Excellent communication skills, Capable of communicating with all levels of personnel; Excellent interpersonal skills; Dedicated to producing high level products; Punctual, high energy, self starter with excellent organizational skills. Excellent working with a team of personnel. Very good at paying attentionto detail.  Technical Skills: Proficient in C++, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, SQL and Design Sense; Knowledgeable in Microsoft Office programs (Word, Excel, Access, Outlook, PowerPoint), Programming with Visual Basic.net., UNIX/Linux, Fluent in Spanish, SEO, Web Server Administration, XML, Adobe Dreamweaver CS6, Adobe Photoshop CS6, PHP, MySQL, Java, Flash, Advanced Programming in SQL (Oracle SQL Developer), jQuery