Lead Access Coordinator Lead Access Coordinator Project Manager - Client Service Representative Covington, KY Goal oriented self-starter with 5 years of team management experience and proven project implementation. Awarded for achieving the highest level of customer satisfaction through efficient account management, receiving a 98.3% average on key performance indicators. Most recently implemented the redesign and restructure of Revenue Cycle training materials, increasing patient and project throughput. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Lead Access Coordinator The Christ Hospital Health Network - Cincinnati, OH July 2017 to Present • Supervises 35 team members, managing staffing, labor and PTO, conducting monthly KPIs and the coordination of new hire training.  • Monitors finance and collections reports ensuring maximum reimbursement for billable services.  • Coordinates the creation and implementation of tests- of-change to measure the effectiveness of proposed departmental procedures. Liaisons with other departments and contractors to ensure functionality at implementation. Enrollment Specialist, Project Coordinator - StudentWorker University Of Cincinnati - Cincinnati, OH September 2016 to December 2016 • Responsible for electronically entering prospective student enrollment information.  • Prepared applications and digital files for corresponding departmental review.   • Coordinated the transition between paper and electronic alumni records. IT/ATF - E3 Trainee U.S. Navy - Chicago, IL March 2016 to December 2016 • Created a new method to track fitness programs for the Special Programs Recruit Division.  • Coordinated with senior and junior level personnel to ensure all program deadlines and goals were met. Team Manager Graeter's Ice Cream - Cincinnati, OH May 2013 to November 2016 • Managed customer service by training staff, overseeing operations, and resolving performance issues in a timely manner.  • Consistently received company-wide customer service awards with excellent feedback.   • Forecasted, scheduled, and monitored labor to be consistent with store traffic and meet target profit margins. Education Bachelor's in Electronic Media and Information Technology University of Cincinnati-Main Campus - Cincinnati, OH August 2013 to August 2017 Skills Project Management, Training & Development, Brand Development, Detailed Claims Analysis, Report Generation, Cross-Functional Team Leadership, Optimizing Social Media Content Assessments Social Media Skills — Expert February 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to create content, communicate online, and build a brand's reputation. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/e-z24jwn-smv1yht Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Groups Prepare Affair Matthew 25 Ministries Hoxworth Blood Drive Habitat For Humanity Additional Information SOFTWARE   • Adobe Creative Cloud  • EPIC  • HTML/CSS  • Microsoft Office  • SQL Server