Freelance IT Analyst Freelance <span class="hl">IT</span> Analyst Freelance IT Analyst Arverne, NY Self-motivated, energetic and agile IT Professional with strong background in professional service environments with over 7 years’ experience in customer service roles. Work well with all levels of management and outside stakeholders; known for approachable, diplomacy and calm demeanor. Strong troubleshooting and logical problem-solving skills. Seeking a stimulating and challenging IT role where I can utilize my skills, take on responsibility and contribute to the success of a business Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Freelance IT Analyst NetCom Plus Wireless - Eastchester, NY February 2018 to March 2019 • Developed and interpreted organizational goals, policies, and procedures.  • Tested and applied patches/upgrades on a regular basis working closely with end-users.  • Monitored existing system integrations, troubleshot and resolved issues  • Liaised with vendors that support related systems; reviewed vendor invoices to verify billing accuracy for delivered services.  • Ensured all processes were automated, with appropriate error reporting and redundancy systems.  • Developed, implemented and ensured adherence to user permission policy.  • Analyzed, implemented and supported both new and existing system modules, integrations, and related business systems and processes. Senior Seminar IT Group Project Bronx, NY January 2018 to April 2018 • Project: Converted Fossil Waterpark from manual marketing and ticket purchasing system and hardware to a digitalized, easy to use system and application to track sales data and other activities within the park.  • Developed a database; created webpages and application using Android Studios. Project Manager Darren's Gourmet Restaurant - Bronx, NY January 2018 to April 2018 • Project: Converted Darren's Gourmet Restaurant from a manual to a digitalized system using Microsoft Access  • Developed a database, adding features for easy system manipulation to benefit employees. Tech Specialist Intern NetCom Plus Wireless - Eastchester, NY October 2017 to January 2018 • Installed commercial and residential data network hubs; set up and troubleshot wireless network routers, access/access points.  • Installed televisions and TV mounts on walls or stands; set up security cameras. Data Entry Supervisor Savings & Loan Assoc - New York, NY May 2011 to December 2012 • Supervised 12 Floor Team Leaders and other staff; scheduled shifts; resolved conflicts.  • Planned and conducted audits of data processing systems and applications to safeguard assets of Flatbush Federal Savings account holders and other affiliates. QA Tester - Contractor Israeli Discount Bank - New York, NY June 2010 to November 2012 • Analyzed and reviewed the user/business requirements and functional specs documents.  • Generated test cases for complex business applications, plans for project, test plans, schedules, workflows, and all documentation to complete testing in UAT.  • Understand and documents all business requirements for projects.  • Report status of testing projects. Identify report, retest and track all defects.  • Coordinated with Team Lead and other project managers for weekly status reports.  • Responsible for writing new scripts for change controls as new changes are made.  • Attended business meetings for update to evaluate that targets are achieved on time. Education BS in Computer Information Systems Monroe College - Bronx, NY August 2018 Skills WIRELESS, MS ACCESS, SQL, IT PROJECT MANAGEMENT, CISCO, SOFTWARE ENGINEERING, C#, C++, HTML, CSS, DREAMWEAVER, WEB DESIGN, NETWORK SECURITY, NETWORKING, LINUX, UNIX, UNIX/LINUX, FILENET, EXCEL, Quality Assurance, QA, SECURITY Certifications/Licenses Driver's License Additional Information Self-motivated, energetic and agile IT Professional with strong background in professional service environments with over 7 years' experience in customer service roles. Work well with all levels of management and outside stakeholders; known for approachability, diplomacy and calm demeanor. Strong troubleshooting and logical problem-solving skills. Seeking a stimulating and challenging IT role where I can utilize my skills, take on responsibility and contribute to the success of a business.    TECHNICAL SKILLS  Databases: MS Access, SQL, FileNet Content Manager  Languages: C, C++, C#, HTML, CSS, Visual Basics  Operating Systems: Unix/Linux, Windows 7-10  Networking: Cisco I, II, Wireless Technology, Network Security  Software Applications: MS Excel, Word, Outlook, PowerPoint, Access; Adobe Photoshop; Dreamweaver  Management: IT Project Management, Web Design & Development, Advanced Web Design, Fundamentals of Software Engineering