IT PMO- Project Manager/ Business Analyst/ Implementation Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> PMO- <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>/ Business Analyst/ Implementation <span class="hl">Manager</span> Consulting Sr. IT PMO- Project Manager/ Sr. Business Analyst/ Implementation Manager Katy, TX Fourteen (14) years of Project Management 12 years of Business Analyst experience. Achieving project goals by keeping projects under or/on budget and on schedule. Excellent communication and problem-solving skills, KPI. Working in and with Human Resources, managing 10k to multi-million projects. Managing multiple client projects, exploration and production skills. Time management. Utilizing ERP skills and heavily involved with integrations and implementations. International experience. Possessing excellent research and development skills. Vendor management skills. Manufacturing and logistics experience. Work Experience IT PMO- Project Manager/ Business Analyst/ Implementation Manager Kia & Associates - Remote Present ·        Overseeing management of the PMO office by leading the project management teams, mobilizing and managing process definition and execution   ·        Executing the project plans and activities following project management best practices ensuring quality and integrity of the information throughout the entire life cycle of the project. Interacts with stakeholders across the organization including Sr. Leadership and Executives.  ·        Initiation through post deployment phases, status and metrics reporting, project plan management, milestone and deliverable tracking, resource management,   ·        communication management, finance management, time and expense management etc.  ·        The in-house lead trainer and in the field, training clients on new software programs, while implementing and deploying projects.  • Implementing SDLC best practices to ensure projects follow pertinent functional and process design, prototyping, configuration, development, quality assurance, training, change management as well as system support.  • Serving as a direct liaison to functional Business Owners in order to translate and prioritize requirements for assigned area project and maintenance work for Operations.  ·        Utilizing Agile and Waterfall methodologies during projects  ·        Responsible for creating, maintaining and negotiating contracts with suppliers and vendor  • Providing leadership across the entire portfolio of projects, including enterprise financial, order processing, product lifecycle management, supply chain, software development, BI, logistics and partner connectivity systems.  ·        Work with client payroll team and IT stakeholders to gather business requirements and make sure that developed solutions meet those business needs  ·        Analyzing the business requirements and document the requirements thoroughly on business process flow   • Setting the standards for project communications and governance to manage expectations with project stakeholders and quickly resolve conflict when it arises.  • Ensuring business value realization by developing business cases and managing expectations while identifying opportunities to add value.  • Leading executive-level steering committees, produce and deliver communications to the executive level ensuring business vision, strategy alignment as well as prioritization of investment, business value and delivery.  • Reviewing performances to ensure the success of business change initiatives and provide stakeholders with insights into the results of business change and initiatives.  • Leading change management activities by applying structured methodology and assessing change impact to develop strategies that foster adoption and usage  ·        Performing system maintenance tasks and troubleshoot production issues related to payroll processing  ·        Working with client’s payroll team and IT stakeholders to gather business requirements and make sure that developed solutions meet those business needs  • Engaging with key stakeholders, define and coordinate activities, communicate changes and progress, build commitment, overcome resistance, and lead project team.  • Collaborating with IT management and staff to develop, define, and document technical systems and operational requirements and critical success criteria.  • Integrate business and technical issues management to deliver forecasted results according to schedule and budget.  • Working directly with business leaders and operations controller to articulate business unit financial results and provide forward looking view.  • Understanding, analyzing financials and explaining sales and operating income variances.  • Interacting with personnel to understand results and properly classify costs.  • Performing month end close journal entry requests, monthly reporting and analysis.  • Maintaining data in various systems and develop analytical tools as needed to better monitor the business performance.  · Responsible for change management creating and maintaining accurate project plans in conjunction with the ERP Vendor and Project Delivery Team Establish project governance and deliver projects to a successful conclusion Keep project information consolidated and up to date Preparation of project reviews after each major phase and or on the completion of a project Provide status reports to project sponsors and stakeholders Consulting Senior Business Analyst/ Sr. Project Coordinator Shell Technology Center - Houston, TX March 2013 to September 2013 • Responsible for coordinating requests for new services and contract changes  • Worked as the project management teams and project master scheduler  • Strong analytical skills  • Used Primavera P6 manager to schedule daily projects  • Experience preserving the value of onshore and offshore capital project investments around the world  • Interfacing with applications, assisted with the design and implementation of ongoing support arrangements for delivered systems  • Utilized IQN and SAP to track financials for the budget  • Responsible for all aspects of the budget and scheduling of projects and contracts as well as the lifecycle of several projects simultaneously  • Prepared financial worksheets such for the budget and special reports and presentations  • Analyzed the business objectives of the stakeholder and develop solutions for the business issues  • Utilized Workday for time and payroll purposes to accommodate the staffing agencies.  • Acted as a liaison between technology teams, support teams, and business units.  • Created a strategic perception of Ta Cit.  • Assisted in managing logs of critical and escalated issues, actions, risks, and service change tickets  • Responsible for time writing in IQN for other departments  • Assisted in government contracts, Responsible for time writing, finance reporting  • Assisted departments in Canada and several foreign countries on budget and contracts Consulting Project Manager / Sr. Business Analyst/ Implementation Manager Kia & Associates Consulting - Remote December 2011 to March 2013 • Collaborating with IT management and staff to develop, define, and document technical systems and operational requirements and critical success criteria.  • Integrate business and technical issues management to deliver forecasted results according to schedule and budget.  • Working directly with business leaders and operations controller to articulate business unit financial results and provide forward looking view.  • Understanding, analyzing financials and explaining sales and operating income variances.  • Interacting with personnel to understand results and properly classify costs.  • Performing month end close journal entry requests, monthly reporting and analysis.  • Maintaining data in various systems and develop analytical tools as needed to better monitor the business performance.  ·        Responsible for change management creating and maintaining accurate project plans in conjunction with the ERP Vendor and Project Delivery Team Establish project governance and deliver projects to a successful conclusion Keep project information consolidated and up to date Preparation of project reviews after each major phase and or on the completion of a project Provide status reports to project sponsors and stakeholders  ·        The in-house lead trainer and in the field, training clients on new software programs, while implementing and deploying projects.  • Implementing SDLC best practices to ensure projects follow pertinent functional and process design, prototyping, configuration, development, quality assurance, training, change management as well as system support.  • Serving as a direct liaison to functional Business Owners in order to translate and prioritize requirements for assigned area project and maintenance work for Operations.  ·        Utilizing Agile and Waterfall methodologies during projects  ·        Responsible for creating, maintaining and negotiating contracts with suppliers and vendor  • Providing leadership across the entire portfolio of projects, including enterprise financial, order processing, product lifecycle management, supply chain, software development, BI, logistics and partner connectivity systems.  ·        Work with client payroll team and IT stakeholders to gather business requirements and make sure that developed solutions meet those business needs  ·        Analyzing the business requirements and document the requirements thoroughly on business process flow.    IT & Finance Project Manager / Business Analyst / Contract Administrator MJ - Houston, TX May 2008 to November 2010 • Responsible for the scheduling, pricing, and technical performance of organizational programs  • Implementing and deploying Workday and Dynamics Nav projects and working them end to end. specifications and financial terms of the contract  • Communicated with business unit on an as needed basis to assist with strategic plans  • As a finance project manager, I would develop and oversee a variety of projects related to an organization's revenue, from annual statements to investment vehicles. This role combines the financial oversight duties of an accounting professional with the team leadership and coordination of a project manager.  • perform several duties during the project lifecycle, including data gathering and analysis, cash flow monitoring and reporting, tax compliance, and working with staff members in accounting and sales departments to complete projects according to business needs and internal and external deadlines. This role requires an excellent balance of financial expertise and organization skills, as well as the ability to set schedules and drive team member performance.  • Tracked all key tasks and milestones on projects, full life cycle testing, and enterprise resource planning  • Worked on new projects from beginning to end, keeping track of financial status and records  • Responsible for creating, maintaining and negotiating contracts with suppliers and vendors, responsible for proposal preparation, which may include assisting with plans,  • Tracked all financial transactions, responsible for all aspects of the budget and scheduling of projects and contracts  • Interacted with vendors and managing their clients on a regular basis Education Bachelor of Science in Business Management in Business Management University of Phoenix - Houston, TX Associate of Science in Business Administration in Project Management Training Remington College - Houston, TX Skills PRIMAVERA, EBS, INNOTAS, MICROSOFT DYNAMICS, DYNAMICS, Project Management (10+ years), Project Planning (10+ years), Product Management (10+ years), Leadership Development (10+ years), Leadership Training (10+ years), Implementation (10+ years), Risk Management (10+ years), Time Management (10+ years)