IT Portfolio Management/Business Services Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> Portfolio Management/Business Services Analyst IT Portfolio & Vendor Management Cleveland, OH Strategic problem solver offering 19 years of professional experience in the P&C insurance and Engineering industries. Strong utility player skillful in Information Technology, SDLC, Agile/Scrum methodologies, Portfolio/Demand/Capacity Management, Program and Project Management, Business Analysis, Process and Knowledge Management, Training and Customer Service. Motivated team member with solid interpersonal skills and the ability to provide direction and assistance to others. Resourceful problem solver able to conceptualize solutions and see the bigger picture in challenging situations. Customer focus and continuous improvement mindset. Articulate communicator across diverse groups and at all management levels. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Portfolio Management/Business Services Analyst The Babcock & Wilcox Company - Barberton, OH 2018 to Present • Ensures the overall health of the Portfolio meets KPIs  • Continuously improve the demand, resource and portfolio mgmt. processes  • Vendor Management  • Assist in managing the supply portfolio ensuring transparency of spending  • Analyze and calculate costs of procurement and suggest methods to decrease expenditure  • Cooperate with stakeholders to guarantee agreement on terms and processes  • Perform cost and scenario analysis, and benchmarking  • Discover and partner with trustworthy vendors and suppliers  • Determine quantity and timing of deliveries IT Portfolio Operations Manager/ Project Manager II AmTrust Financial - Cleveland, OH May 2018 to December 2018 • Liaison between business and IT processes (Requirements vs Capacity and Capability)  • Develop, document and update processes and procedures to accommodate portfolio growth and quality service delivery  • Develop quality and performance metrics around demand and portfolio value delivery including cost of delay  • Ensure the overall health of the business unit portfolio and supports the Global Demand and Portfolio Management Director allocating time across IT Portfolio Mgmt, Demand Management, Resource Capacity Management, and Portfolio Reporting.  • Coordinate with project delivery and aid in communication with the business - helps re-plan those activities that fall into the next portfolio cycle  • Continuously improve the demand, resource and portfolio mgmt. processes Scrum Master/Business Systems Analyst II AmTrust Financial - Cleveland, OH April 2017 to May 2017 • Liaison among stakeholders to elicit, analyze, communicate, validate and document requirements for changes to business processes, policies and information systems.  • Define, prioritize, communicate, and foster shared understanding of project objectives and scope.  • Collaborate with stakeholders to elicit, prioritize, validate, and document testable, developer-ready business requirements.  • Collaborate with technical team members to ensure the solution design satisfies project objectives and business requirements.  • Serve as a critical resource and liaison between subject matter experts and technologists throughout the project lifecycle. Portfolio Coordinator/Senior IT Process Analyst - Personal & Commercial Auto Insurance Nationwide Insurance - Highland, Hills, Ohio 2013 to 2013 • Collaborate in integrated business/ IT project planning to identify and manage portfolio risks, issues and changes at the portfolio level across Business Solution Area (BSA)/ IT area portfolios.  • Create visibility into BSA/ IT area portfolio health by providing dashboard reports of active, planned and completed projects within all programs.  • Coordinate portfolio prioritization reviews, incoming demand and estimate requests.  • Support people leaders by ensuring the assignment of project leads to the project team and key resources are available before initiating projects.  • Assess the ability to deliver on resource capacity requests, escalating to the Portfolio Leader if assessments indicate a release is at risk. Senior Process Analyst - Personal & Commercial Auto Insurance Nationwide Insurance - Highland, Hills, Ohio 2007 to 2010 • Responsible for business process analysis, design, implementation, and operation of foundational to medium complexity requests.  • Analyzed existing processes and procedures to ensure and promote effective business operations and process execution through standardization, improvement, simplification and/or discontinuance.  • Championed Continuous Improvement initiatives. Education Associates in Business Information Systems Indiana Wesleyan University 2008 Certificate Cleveland State University 2006 License Hondros College 2001 None in Business Notre Dame College of Ohio 1996 Skills Business analysis (10+ years), Vendor management (3 years), Strategic planning (6 years), Six sigma (10+ years), Web design, SDLC (6 years), Visual studio (2 years), Knowledge management (7 years), UAT (4 years), Procurement (Less than 1 year), Capacity management (6 years), Process improvement (10+ years), Estimation (6 years), Training (10+ years), Test planning (1 year), Microsoft office (10+ years), Documentation (10+ years), ITIL (3 years), Agile (6 years), Scrum (6 years), Facilitation (10+ years), Presentation Skills (10+ years), Training & Development (7 years), Project Planning (6 years), Strategic Planning (6 years), Project Management (6 years), Requirements Gathering (8 years), Vendor Management (Less than 1 year), Azure DevOps (1 year), TFS (1 year) Links http://linkedin.com/in/deannamcnutt Certifications/Licenses Professional Scrum Master (PSM1) December 2018 to Present Stanford Advance Project Management February 2017 to Present ITIL v3 January 2017 to Present Lean Six Sigma White Belt 2010 to Present Certified Trainer 2006 to Present Obtained through Cleveland State University Ohio P&C License 2001 to 2013