Associate Project Manager Associate <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Township of Warren, NJ Work Experience Associate Project Manager Somerset, NJ July 2018 to Present - Traffics projects through internal teams for review and approval.  - Manages projects that include website development, website and graphic design, SEO, content development, etc.  - Responsible for supporting other project managers.  - Maintains a log of open tasks and bugs using Zoho Project.  - Creates daily and weekly updates of status reports.  - Assists developers with front end quality assurance.  - Communicates with clients on the status of projects.  - Assists developers and copywriters with content and development changes based on client feedback. Office Assistant Edward Leske Company - Union, NJ January 2015 to May 2018 Performed general office work using Microsoft Excel and various other software specific to the company. IT Application Services Intern Johnson & Johnson - Raritan, NJ June 2017 to August 2017 - Consolidated and edited Application Services Q2 goals & objectives status for senior management reporting.  - Was selected to participate in the Skype for Business phone pilot experiment.  - Negotiated and partnered with various members of the Application Services Leadership Team to organize monthly and weekly Leadership Team meetings.  - Worked with Application Services Chief Applications Officer to get approval on Leadership Team meeting topic priorities  and agendas.  - Partnered with a team of members from AS and GTS to plan and organize collaborative ITAS and ITGTS Summer Picnic  event. IT Intern Janssen Pharmaceuticals - Titusville, NJ June 2016 to August 2016 Built and designed multiple SharePoint sites for a variety of internal teams using SharePoint 2013 and SharePoint  Designer.  - Managed and coordinated iPad inventory and deployed iPads to the sales representatives in the field.  - Managed Janssen Mobility - cellular Verizon and AT&T accounts.  - Added user stories to backlog in Jira for updates on Janssengrasp.com. Education Bachelor of Business Administration in Management Information Systems Loyola University Maryland - Baltimore, MD 2014 to 2018 Skills Ms project, Sharepoint, Sas, Css, Jira Additional Information SKILLS  Technical Skills: MS Office Suite, MS Project, SharePoint, SharePoint Designer, Adobe Creative Suite, Jira, SAS Enterprise Miner,  SAP, Google Analytics, Zoho Projects, WordPress, DNN, Joomla.  Languages: Proficient in HTML, CSS. Experience with JavaScript, SQL, Python.