Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Versatile and Adaptable IT Professional | Leverage Skills to Meet Project Needs Carbondale, IL Creative problem solver with demonstrated strengths in communicating, listening, and interpreting needs to create actionable solutions. Organized, thorough, and detail-oriented thinker who connects people to technology. Possess entrepreneurial spirit and thrive in environments fostering invention and innovation.  Areas of Expertise:  Agile | Design Thinking | Customer Service | Training  Large Project Management | Troubleshooting Computer Issues Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager IBM - Columbia, MO 2017 to 2018 Supported various multimillion dollar US-based IBM GTS projects with global interests. Worked with virtual project team members in US, India, and Latin America.  ·      Managed TKLM / SKLM Encryption Server replacement and build for international hotel chain, improving cybersecurity and communications abilities.  ·      Streamlined procurement administration process, using Source tool and PgMP, for American multinational engineering firm. Communicated with, and updated vendors, followed purchase orders to completion while training 4 Brazilian offshore replacements. End User Device Administrator Cerner Corp / Yavapai Regional Medical Center - Prescott, AZ 2014 to 2016 Managed and maintained hospital systems hardware, software, and virtual machines. Utilized Remedy IT Service Management.  ·      Implemented LifeNet Systems at both Yavapai Regional Medical Center campuses, linking ambulance EKG information to Emergency Department (ED) system, and providing real-time patient information to physicians:  • Collaborated with LifeNet to link with other hospitals.  • Installed and set up software on ED doctors’ computers.  • Trained ED physicians on new software.  ·       Project Managed new Infusion Center and operated as Lead Technical Support on transferring existing technology:  • Worked with Infusion Center Director, identifying hardware needed.  • Inventoried existing hardware, and ordered new equipment.  • Worked with contractors and network team, ensuring timely delivery and installation.  • Installed and tested new hardware, including monitors, computers, hand scanners, printers, and fax machines.  ·      Recognized by Infusion Center Director and Director of Emergency Services for role in transfer to new Center and new ED system. IT Manager Northpoint Expeditionary Learning Academy - Prescott, AZ 2013 to 2014 Managed and maintained all systems hardware, software, servers for charter high school. Repaired MacBook hardware.  ·      Created policy for printer use and upkeep, saving paper and improving printer performance.  ·      Helped develop 2014 plan transitioning all students from outdated MacBooks to Chromebooks. IT Manager Computer Network Solutions - Prescott, AZ 2012 to 2013 Managed and maintained all systems hardware, software, VoIP, and servers for 50-person medical office. Provided user support for all technical issues.  ·      Saved $900 / year in office expenses by helping transition to eClinicalWorks ePayment system.  ·      Implemented inventory system and made new office space available by consolidating and stacking unused hardware.  ·      Assisted with implementation and monitoring of HIPAA IT regulatory practices, ensuring compliance with Federal law. Education EMT Scottsdale Community College - Scottsdale, AZ Digital Media Technology Columbia College - Chicago, IL Philosophy Southern Illinois University - Carbondale, IL Skills Communications: D3, Trello, Slack, Sametime, Jabber, WebEx, Mural IBM Badges: Agile, Design Thinking OS: iOS, OSX, Windows 7, 8, 10, Linux Network and Server Administration: VPN, Allworx VoIP, Microsoft Server 2008, Microsoft Active Directory, VM Ware/Virtual Machines Software: Microsoft: Excel, PowerPoint, SharePoint, Word, Microsoft Office 365, QuickBooks, Remedy Service Management Platform, Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign CMS: WordPress, SharePoint Languages: HTML (6 years), Customer Service, Scheduling, Word, Outlook Certifications/Licenses Agile June 2017 to Present IBM Agile Methodology Design Thinking September 2017 to Present IBM Agile Design Thinking Additional Information VOLUNTEER SERVICE:  Worked with various animal rescue groups in Chicago, IL., Phoenix, AZ.,Prescott, AZ  Mesa Fire Department Connector Program   Disaster preparedness, Red Cross Grand Canyon Chapter