Scrum Master/ IT Project Manager Scrum Master/<span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Scrum Master/ IT Project Manager Dallas, TX Work Experience Scrum Master/ IT Project Manager Wilson Amplifiers/ Signal Boosters - Houston, TX December 2017 to June 2019 Interfaced with cross-functional teams to complete software development projects from Waterfall to Agile using different methodologies like scrum, Kanban, Pair Programming, TDD, ATDD and XP within budget and ahead of schedule. Collaborated with cross-functional teams to manage all aspects of project planning from the definition of scope, acceptance criteria, testing, to documentation. Defined scrum team objectives and published project status for business and all team members. Directed and facilitated scrum ceremonies like the Sprint planning, daily stand-ups, sprint reviews, retrospectives and other demos. Mitigated risk through provision of appropriate resources, guidance and escalation. Coached and mentored organization and development teams on Agile best practices. Fostered and maintained a positive working relationship across the organization.  Key Projects:  * Successfully transitioned teams and organization from waterfall to agile  * Spearheaded all team's velocity from 12 user stories per sprint to 26-30 per sprint.  * Managed the marketing e-commerce analysis of financial performance and key metrics including project spend, ROI, income with Pay-per-Click, Google analytics, BigCommerce, Excel Sheet, and Google AdWords  * Led research and tracking of keywork research, click through rates, and call to action buttons which helped in using quantitative data to understand customer behavior  * Supported creation of user stories and acceptance criteria by assisting Product owner in effective product backlog management  * Continuously worked one on one with data analyst to collect, cleanse and provide modeling and analyses of structured and unstructured data used for major business initiative which led to a positive outcome in increasing online sales (up to 25% per product) and lowered cart-abandonment rate by 40% Scrum Master Bank of America - Charlotte, NC August 2016 to November 2017 Served as the servant leader for three Scrum Teams practicing SAfe. Directed design, implementation, QA, and validation of the mortgage online credit application. Attended PI planning workshops and facilitated system demo, inspect and adapt workshops for future PIs and Release Management meetings. Facilitated Sprint Planning meetings, Daily scrum, sprint review, product backlog refinement meetings and sprint retrospective meetings. Communicated with other scrum masters at the scrum of scrums meetings to monitor project progress and resolve issues with other teams working on the same projects. Partnered with Product and Development teams to plan sprints, track product backlog, and remove expedients against user stories. Successfully removed risks and maximized productivity using burn down and burn up charts to track velocity. Delivered all software lifecycle projects on time and in budget. Recommended solutions to remove impediments. Built strong relationships with stakeholders, users, and business owners.  Key Projects:  * Led design and implementation of Pair Programming, Scrum Boards and Kanban methodology to reduce sprint cutting cycle time by 25%.  * Helped the team to write and split User stories, breakdown Epics.  * Used JIRA to maintain product backlog and sprint backlog to create and track user stories, Sprint planning, tracking and managing sprints, created Scrum and Kanban boards, status reports and burn down charts.  * Built a network of Scrum Masters, Product Owners and Technical Leads within Scrum Team to resolve complex infrastructure issues and maximize product development opportunities.  * Worked on SAFe framework with other scrum teams, Attended Scrum of Scrums to coordinate dependencies across various other scrum teams in Agile Release train, worked with Release Train Engineer, System Architects and system Team for Infrastructure requirements and to support integration testing,  * Mitigated impediments during the sprint in terms of issues and risks  * Had regular meetings with offshore team to understand progress, challenges and remove blockers for the team. Provide guidance and direction to offshore and onsite team.  * Training and mentoring the team on enforcing agile operations and scrum principles Scrum Master Alltech, New Carrolton, MD May 2015 to August 2016 Oversaw ongoing project facilitation and coaching in an Agile development. Ran all aspects of key agile ceremonies from daily stand-ups, backlog grooming, sprint planning and sprint retrospectives to actively managing risks and external dependencies. Partnered with cross-functional teams to mitigate risk, capture meaningful metrics, and resolve productivity issues. Managed and tracked metrics on team performance using velocity and burn-down charts for sprint release progress and Rally for metrics on user stores and defects tracking. Delivered all projects on time and within budget. Identified and recommended ways to improve workflow around Scrum best practices. Fostered and maintained positive working relationships with colleagues at all levels of the organization.  Key Achievements:  * Delivered project over $400.000 under budget.  * Played a pivotal role as the Servant Leader to the Scrum Team by designing and implementing Agile best practices.  * Helped PO/BA to ensure stories are small enough to be implemented in one sprint.  * Identify and remove impediments, prevent distractions that interfere with the ability of the team to deliver the sprint commitment Front End Developer Alertus Technologies - Beltsville, MD November 2014 to May 2015 Developed new user interface features for interaction of websites and web applications (HTML, CSS, JavaScript). Collaborated with cross-functional teams to understand functional and user requirements. Managed development of code to display new features across multiple interfaces. Built reusable code and libraries. Ensured technical feasibility of UI/UX designs. Analyzed and resolved bugs and technical issues to optimize performance.  Key Achievement:  * Recommended improvements to design based on customer behavior that resulted in 15% boost to profit earnings.  * Demonstrated robust analytic thinking skills with the ability to identify, debug, and resolve technical issues through QA using QTP/UFT software  * Supported in Building websites/web applications using HTML, CSS and added interactivity with JavaScript  * Provided technical support to other web design team members as directed and when needed    Technical Proficiencies  Platforms: QTP/UFT, Solaris, Windows 10, Mac OS  Tools:  SQL, CSS, HTML, Jira, Confluence, Rally, Version one, TeamGantt, Monday, Asana, Harvest, Wrike, Smart sheet, MS office, MS project, Excel, Google sheets, Google analytics, Google Ad Words, Big Commerce Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Science and Information Systems in Computer Science and Information Systems University of Yaoundé 2012 to 2014 Bachelor of Science in Information Systems in Information Systems University of Maryland University College - Adelphi, MD Skills Qtp, Uft, Jira, Rally, Team management, Application development, Html, Ms project, Data analytics, Sql, Css, Sdlc, Ux, Solaris, Ms office, Ui, Excel, Mac, Mac os, Windows 10 Links http://Linkedin.com/in/cecile-kwekam-38a93a129 Additional Information Core Competencies:  • Software Project Management (SDLC)  • Agile Development Methodology  • Website and Web Application Development  • Relationship Management  • Data analytics    • Quality Assurance and Testing  • UI/UX Design Architecture  • Problem Resolution / Troubleshooting  • Scrum Team Management  • Fast adaptability to new software