Communication Planner Communication Planner Kissimmee, FL Work Experience Communication Planner USARNORTH 2017 to 2018 Plans/Policy - Freedom of Information Act (2017 - 2018)  Direct the day to day operations of the Records Management Program including analysis, evaluation, and reporting of the information mission of records management programs FOIA (Freedom of Information Act), Privacy Act, and PII  (Protection of Identifiable Information) programs.    continued  Page Two    Selected Contributions:  • Provide training and development in records management and analysis for a wide array of individuals including  managers and key officials as well as advice and guidance to Army North Organizations regarding policies and procedures for the FOIA and PA programs.  • Execute the review and analysis of Freedom of Information Act/Privacy Act requests and the records response to such requests and consults with SJA (Staff Judge Advocate) regarding concerns they may have about the release  of those records.  • Collaborate with local and HQ Army public affairs office, the legal office, and other relevant offices to resolve  conflicts and differences of opinion on the release of information.    • Commander's Senior Enlisted Advisor of the Head Headquarters Detachment conducted support to Homeland  Defense (HD) missions, Defense Support of Civil Authorities (DSCA) operations, and Theater Security Cooperation  (TSC) for Canada and Mexico. Investigative Detachment Sergeant 5TH MILITARY POLICE BATTALION 2016 to 2017 Selected Contributions:  • Developed, planned, implemented, and synchronized dozens of significant military training projects for a 591  employee preparation for overseas support of combat operations.  • Supported the Organization in all mission essential tasks and requirements. Maintained accountability and readiness for equipment valued in excess of $92M including 35 weapons, 33 vehicles to include two OCONUS  JWICS Mobile Integrated Communications Systems (CJMICS), 10 Emergency Response Vehicles, trailers, and critical communication devices.  • Directed the training, development, discipline, and safety procedures of 70 Soldiers, Department of Defense  Civilians and Contractors and their families in compliance with U.S. Army's Requirements. Battalion Operations Supervisor/ IT Project Manager 5TH MILITARY POLICE BATTALION 2015 to 2016 Placed as Non Commissioned Officer in Charge of Operations (S-3) assigned to one of the U.S. Army's one the active  duty Interrogation Battalions capable of world-wide deployment in support of Joint Interrogation and Debriefing  Center operations for the Theater Intelligence Group (TIG), consisting of 320 Soldiers, and Civilians, and served as the TIG Commander's principal advisor for all voice and data communications related matters. Additional responsibilities  included the Information Management Officer, Information Assurance/Security Officer, and Network Administrator for the Theater Intelligence Group.  Selected Contributions:  • Facilitated the setup, automation, maintenance, distribution and troubleshooting of information systems and devices valued in excess of $2.5M. United States Army Recruiter UNITED STATES ARMY RECRUITING COMMAND (USAREC) 2013 to 2015 Controlled and commanded the operations of contracting men and women service members that meets the United  States Army requirements. Education Master of Public Administration in Public Administration CAPELLA UNIVERSITY - Minneapolis, MN Bachelor of Arts in Criminal Justice in Criminal Justice SAINT LEO UNIVERSITY - Saint Leo, FL Skills Missile Military Service Branch: United States Army Rank: MSG/E8