Customer Service Team Leader Customer Service Team Leader Customer Service Team Leader - ZSI-Foster Dearborn, MI Work Experience Customer Service Team Leader ZSI-Foster - Canton, MI October 2018 to Present ? Supervise and coach the customer service team of the clamp division, as well as working  on my previous customer service representative duties  ? Manage remote stocking location orders and inventory   ? Resolve customer issues using company processes and policies, and provided updates to customers via phone or email.  ? Manage Amazon Seller central and Vendor Central, by processing orders, updating inventory levels and any other inquiries. Customer Service Representative ZSI-Foster - Canton, MI June 2017 to October 2018 ? Manage EDI system, process orders to company's Macola system.  ? Market new products to the customers and give a brief description of what's new to offer.  ? Resolve customer complaints and discrepancies received via phone and email, investigate  the problem and have corrective actions done.  ? Resourcefully respond to customers requests for products, services and information.  ? Answering an average of 50 calls per day, addressing customer inquiries, solving  problems and providing new product information.  ? Manage Amazon seller central account, by processing orders, updating inventory levels  and any other inquiries. Office Manager Healthcare DME - Dearborn, MI November 2016 to May 2017 Greeted patients and collected their prescriptions to dispense their medical supply.  ? Entered patient's demographics and insurance information, along with checking their  insurance agility.  ? Answered phone calls, follow-ups, scanning, and faxing.  ? Marketed the company to Physicians around the Wayne County area.  ? Assisted in interviewing candidates for employment. IT Manager Administrative Assistant Amman Academy - Amman, JO October 2015 to September 2016 Amman, Jordan  ? Organized & scheduled meetings and appointments for the IT Manager.  ? Offer support for the IT department and a sister company.  ? Developed & maintained a filing system.  ? Offer recruiting staff support in the hiring process.  ? Managed the development and data entry for an education application developed for the school. Project Coordinator/Administrative Assistant AllWorld Network - Amman, JO October 2014 to January 2015 Jordan    ? Implemented a comprehensive communication and customer service plan.  ? Informed and implemented the AllWorld Network selection process, working closely  with the ranking program winners, new applicants, and potential candidates  ? Implemented strategy to retain confirmed participants through mailings, social media  management, and general customer service  ? Managed applicant files to ensure AllWorld Network compliance Education B.S. in Business Administration Princess Sumaya University for Technology - Amman, JO October 2010 to June 2014 Skills Customer Service (3 years), EDI (2 years), Macola (2 years), Customer Care (3 years), Operation (2 years), Team Lead, Coaching, Social Media, Email Marketing, Digital Marketing Certifications/Licenses Systems for Success November 2017 to Present Supervisor Leadership Skills Training December 2018 to Present Additional Information Skills    Microsoft Office software, Outlook, Macola, EDI, Bilingual: Fluent in English and Arabic,  Customer Service, , Marketing, E-commerce, Recruiting and interviewing applicants.