IT Manager Client Service <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Client Service IT Manager Client Service - Albuquerque Public Schools Albuquerque, NM Sponsorship required to work in the US Work Experience IT Manager Client Service Albuquerque Public Schools October 2016 to Present • Managed end user support for Enterprise level LAN, WLAN, & WAN for 100,000 customers with coordination of Tier 1, Tier 2, and Tier 3, support.  • Key contributor to the reorganization the Technology Client Services Department from 14 employees to 50+. Meeting the demands of an Enterprise level company.  • Centralized the Technology Client Services Department into a hybrid Service Management Department with user management as the primary focus.  • Upgraded the Service Management System, while implementing new work flows for company.  • Developed and implemented new process and procedures.  • Maintained multiple IT projects for system and program creation and development.  • Partner with the State of New Mexico to develop and establish professional IT custom programs, to meet progressing requirements of the industry.  • Responsible for purchase, distribution, configuration, support, and troubleshooting of client hardware, software, peripherals, and processes including; desktops, laptops, mobile devices, cloud resources and a variety of other network hardware and software.  • Maintaining budgets of over $2M for staff salaries. Project Manager/ IT Consultant The New Fit - Albuquerque, NM 2013 to Present • Instrumental in defining and building the branding project from conception to implementation.  • Evolved business plan as growth and expansion occurred.  • Lead a group of individuals consulting on IoT and key projects to boost the brand's profitability and efficiency.  • Conduct studies to best understand the target audience and the local competition. Review the current operations to identify opportunities for improvement and to build long-term strategies.  • Consult on all technological implementation, concerns and concepts.  • Developed brand from conception to delivery, business plan, technology plan, and structural layout designs.  • Conducted operational studies resulting in the redistribution of manpower and space value to better optimize the concept and rental area.  • Planned, organized, and conducted operations analysis activities of the company structure to maximize efficiency.  • Consult by providing direction for scheduling clients and employees, establishing goals and projecting outcomes for development and long-term improvement.  • Analyzed such areas as, personnel and equipment utilization, forms design and functions, systems, procedures, and policies to determine necessary base line for modifications and/or improvements over time. Education B.S. in Information Technology Western Governors University February 2018 Certificate University of Phoenix M.Ed. in Instructional Design Technology American Intercontinental University B.A. in Psychology/Criminology and Criminal Justice University of Maryland at College Park - College Park, MD Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/SeanCEndler http://www.cybersud0.com