PROJECT TEST MANAGER <span class="hl">PROJECT</span> TEST <span class="hl">MANAGER</span> San Francisco, CA Business Analyst with a background in testing and business requirements analysis. Ability to successfully deliver on projects by understanding and meeting business objectives and translating them into requirements. Adept at improving key business processes, coordinating project activities and team collaboration. Work Experience PROJECT TEST MANAGER BMM NORTH AMERICA INC - Las Vegas, NV 2018 to 2019 • Managed a team of test engineers, assigning projects based on priorities, assisting with technical issues and troubleshooting, reviewing reports and ensuring client satisfaction. Maintained all project data.  • Led weekly client meetings to review in-house projects, focusing on timeline, unresolved JIRA issues and upcoming projects.  • Optimized game software test process by analyzing past projects which did not meet deadlines, leading to an increase in timely delivery of projects from 84% in Q3 to 98% in Q4.  • Cleared backlog of over 95% of projects while coordinating with global BMM locations and assigning projects to team.  • Assisted with revision of SLA with clients that helped increase revenue by 20% per lottery project.  • Released over 50 projects following schedule, budget and software quality requirements, overseeing work of the team.  • Streamlined and coordinated team communication using Basecamp, in order to resolve technical issues and improve visibility within the team.  • Oversaw project planning and analysis, schedule and prioritization of tasks, risk management, resource management, test environment availability, communication of test status, and networking to coordinate test activities. SENIOR TEST ENGINEER 2018 to 2018 • Assisted with automating the certification report generation process, saving over 80% of initial estimated project hours.  • Compiled test data for over 30 jurisdictions eliminating redundant test cases that decreased project testing by 20%.  • Participated in the creation of testing SOWs of approximately 30 projects with the technical manager.  • Provided direct technical and testing guidance to over five test engineers.  • Developed test scripts, resolved testing issues, attended project meetings, and prepared weekly status reports. TEST ENGINEER 2016 to 2018 • Reviewed gaming devices and systems' source code in C#, C, or C++.  • Prepared recommendation letters highlighting software characteristics and compliance with regulations and status reports outlining project progress. This provided project progress visibility to the client, and prioritization of projects based on client feedback.  • Assessed gaming technology integrity, accountability and functionality. PROGRAMMER ANALYST FDM4 AMERICA INC - Las Vegas, NV 2016 to 2016 • Developed ETL pipelines for data ingestion and transformation of the server-side application data, using Python and Spark.  • Created various reports and views for daily reports using Tableau.  • Extracted data using SQL from Oracle database to test ERP/Web/CRM applications for data quality.  • Fixed bugs found in data quality checks for applications using HTML. SYSTEMS AND DATA ANALYST UNIVERSITY OF NEVADA - Las Vegas, NV 2015 to 2016 • Analyzed graduate student database containing records of over 15,000 students. Created reports using Tableau and designed relational databases in Microsoft Access.  • Worked on back-end of University's PeopleSoft application - MyUNLV to keep data up-to-date and run reports to determine funding and degree auditing.  • Managed degree auditing, admissions, active students report, degree provisions and university surveys. IT PMO INTERN LAS VEGAS SANDS CORP - Las Vegas, NV 2015 to 2015 • Developed a resource assignment model using advanced Excel skills, including v-lookup, pivot tables and macros. The model provided resource visibility to upper management for decision making on assignments.  • Recommended solutions to potential challenges that may disturb resource allocation during an ongoing project.  • Provided solutions to create transparency between the project level and governance level. Education Master of Science in Information Technology Management in ECD CAMPBELLSVILLE UNIVERSITY 2021 Master of Science in Management Information Systems in Management Information Systems UNIVERSITY OF NEVADA - Las Vegas, NV 2016 Bachelor of Technology in Information Technology in Information Technology GURU GOBIND SINGH INDRAPRASTHA UNIVERSITY - Delhi, Delhi 2014 Skills Data analysis, Database, Database design, Ms access, Oracle Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/anjali-bansal Certifications/Licenses Tableau Certified Desktop Associate April 2019 to April 2021 Additional Information TECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES  Database Design and Management, Information System Planning and Strategy, Business Intelligence, Data Analysis, Visualization of Data Insights  LANGUAGES: Oracle SQL, Progress OpenEdge ABL, C#, Python  TOOLS: Tableau, Eclipse, RapidMiner, SAS Visual Analytics, MS Access, Visual Basic, MS Visio, MS Excel