Project Manager I (Technology) <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> I (Technology) Project Manager I (Technology) - Fidelity National Information Services (FIS) Saint Petersburg, FL Work Experience Project Manager I (Technology) Fidelity National Information Services (FIS) - Saint Petersburg, FL January 2019 to Present ·        Serve as a communication liaison between clients, project teams, and other FIS department managers to help drive all necessary aspects of the projects to their completed objectives and purposes.  ·        Perform tasks such as create project schedules, project performance information, risk and issue logs, arrange meetings and conference calls, develop agendas, create meeting minutes, prepare correspondence progress reports and participate in on-site event coordination.   ·        Assisted on a software development project budgeted at 14 million dollars. This Agile development project created an automated system that allows funds to be moved between banks, primarily direct deposits and payments.  ·        Led the reconstruction of FIS’s Business Project Methodology governance system to now support both Waterfall and Agile Life cycles.  ·        Led the implementation of FIS’s Code Connect website, Code Connect is an API Catalog used by clients in the banking industry to discover FIS’s APIs to enrich their customer experiences and innovative banking solutions. Statistics for Business Decisions- Teacher Aide Warrington College of Business - Gainesville, FL August 2017 to December 2018 • Chosen as one of three TA's to assist over 750 students, averaging five tutoring services per week in person, over the phone, and over email, resulting in a better understanding of the concepts to help students outperform their previous exam grades.  • Instructed students in need on how to properly install required class's software JMP, MiniTab and Megastat.  • Help monitor exams and assist students who faced problems while taking their exams online.  • Attended weekly meetings with the professor on how to improve the course's structure and tutoring service.  Leadership and Involvement Data Analytics Intern Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Florida - Jacksonville, FL May 2018 to August 2018 • Worked on Florida Blue's Metrics team. Focusing primarily on inhouse data analytics for Florida Blue's IT Infrastructure Department, our team developed customized dashboards to automate and optimize daily job functions.  • Gained holistic IT experience working along Business Intelligence Designers, Developers, Data Scientists and Procurement Specialists.  • Helped design and create Business Intelligence Metrics using tools such as Tableau, Visio, Toad, SQL, Adobe Dreamweaver, Python, CSS and HTML to complete these tasks.  • Constructed a new intern hiring process plan that was presented to the CIO board which was approved and is now a fully funded project in the works for the following summer's internship program. Sales and IT Support Intern Integrity Express Logistics - Tampa, FL May 2017 to August 2017 • Held daily responsibilities in logistic sales that included price negotiations, daily update calls, dispatching and new carrier setups.  • Developed a fast pace work ethic while working for the top sales team which had over 100 clients.  • Built strong relationships with clients through daily communication and outstanding customer service to help create long term business for the company at large.  • Managed numerous IT responsibilities included maintaining server room, tracking current inventory of hardware, assembling new desktop stations, helping resolve employee issues in Excel, Outlook, IEL’s logistics software and collected and voiced employees concerns about the new design of the company’s software.   Education Bachelor of Science in Business Administration in Information Systems and Operations Management University of Florida, Warrington College of Business Administration - Gainesville, FL December 2018 Skills Jira (Less than 1 year), Linux (Less than 1 year), networking (Less than 1 year), open source (Less than 1 year), IT Management, Excel, Microsoft Excel, Word, Access, Project and Powerpoint, Tableau, Strategic Planning, Customer Service Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/Jake-Sams Additional Information : troubleshooting common pc problems, open source tools (Linux and R), Windows 10 networking fundamentals, Anaconda, JIRA and Juypter Notebook.