Desk Manager Desk <span class="hl">Manager</span> Desk Manager Clifton, NJ Seeking a position as an Applications Engineering Assistant within RAB Lighting where my technical knowledge,  managerial experience, and leadership skills can be utilized and further expanded for the betterment of the company. Work Experience Desk Manager New Jersey Institute of Technology - Newark, NJ May 2010 to May 2012 Managed a team of 15 direct and 45 indirect reports of Desk Attendants  ? Responsible for the approval of contracts under $10,000K submitted by Desk Attendants  ? Aided in the development of a new testing procedure that effectively selects Desk Attendants candidates  ? Administered on the job training modules to acquaint Desk Attendants with their job responsibilities  ? Coordinated and approved the work schedules and payroll for Desk Attendants    60 Yereance Avenue, Clifton, NJ, 07011, Mobile: 862-571-5628, lh23@njit.edu IT Project Manager - Intern Quintiles-INNOVEX - Parsippany, NJ June 2009 to August 2009 Processed and formatted data utilized by engineers and managers to formulate basis for complex risk decisions  ? Developed additional enhance features in a computer aid tracking software utilized by project managers IT Internal Auditor - Intern Prudential Financial - Newark, NJ June 2008 to August 2008 Conducted specification compliant audits on the Risk Management Department under the guidance of the Audit Manager and present findings to Senior Management  ? Performed audit reviews and data retention maintenance for various IT organizations    Activities  ? Susan G. Komen Breast Cancer Walk  ? Project Africare  ? Volunteer for NPHC Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority INC. Coat Drive Education Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering New Jersey Institute of Technology - Newark, NJ May 2012 Associate of Science in Engineering Science Passaic County Community College - Paterson, NJ December 2006 Additional Information Software Applications  ? Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft PowerPoint, Java, Simulink, and PSPICE