Assistant Manager Assistant <span class="hl">Manager</span> I am a dynamic and motivated professional with a proven track record of generating and building relationships, while also managing projects from concept to completion. San Antonio, TX Dynamic and motivated professional with a proven record of generating and building relationships, managing projects from concept to completion. Skilled in building cross-functional teams, demonstrating exceptional communication skills, and making critical decisions during challenges. Adaptable and transformational leader with an ability to work independently, creating effective presentations, and developing opportunities that further establish organizational goals. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Assistant Manager The Wash Tub - San Antonio, TX July 2019 to Present Project Lead/Business Analyst Sirius Computer Solutions - San Antonio, TX February 2019 to June 2019  -Partnered with the business sectors to understand key success factors, critical needs and what is needed to make the business unit successful.   - Evaluated needs and provides business / technical solutions. Sought after opportunities to increase customer satisfaction and deepen client  relationships. Managed client expectations with possible results.   - Managed projects through the use of proven Software Development Life Cycle processes, procedures and tools to include planning,  coordinating all project activities, project status meetings, system specifications design and review, technical review, system testing,  system implementation, post implementation review.  - Developed and maintained detailed project plans. Responsible for reporting project status to IT Management, business unit project sponsor  and other key business leaders as needed.  - Provided day-to-day project coordination, planning and implementation of multiple projects across all product lines. - Responsible for collecting, understanding and documenting business requirements and translating those into  functional and system design specifications.  - Worked with the business unit on long term strategies to better use technology and to promote / champion process improvement  initiatives.  - Worked with software development to review / understand requirements and specifications for technical design, obtain information on  system capabilities, limitations and performance requirements of each Wave. Account Director Talbott, Adams & Moore - San Antonio, TX August 2018 to February 2019 • Overall growth and development of accounts in the company.  • Developed and created marketing material.( i.e.: website content, eBooks, flyers, brochures, etc.)  • Be sufficiently informed and personally involved, ensuring sound planning, good service and a solid client/agency relationships.  • Complete all administrative duties daily, weekly and or monthly. (Phone calls, Mail, TransUnion Credit Reporting, Confirmations of Debt, etc.)  • Keep management informed of the status of accounts, problems, plans and meetings, as well as involving Management personnel at key times.  • Insure the timely development and execution of plans, campaigns, and projects to assure earnings, growth, and profit goals are achieved.   • Provide account team leadership, and convey the specific requirements for multi-functional support to the appropriate functional regional management on a timely basis.  • Plan, develop, and defend budget recommendations, work goals, measurements, and training requirements necessary to provide both quality and profitable service to Clients.  • Assign duties, goals, and supervises the account activity.  • Execute duties and assignments as directed in compliance with corporate guidelines and objectives.  • Maintain awareness and control situations which may lead to the risk of lawsuits.  • Maintain open and complete communications of Client issues with functional leaders and corporate management.  • Provided leadership/motivation and conveys the vision and values of the Agency to the assigned staff.Insure that the staff works in conformance with Agency policies and procedures and public law.  • Update Credit Bureaus of any account status changes or deletions.  • Oversee all HR responsibilities. (Employee/Company Relationship Manager) IT Specialist IBEX Global - Frontier Communications - San Antonio, TX July 2018 to September 2018 - Working with customers/employees to identify computer problems and advising on the solution.  - Logging and keeping records of customer/employee queries.  - Working with field engineers to visit customers/employees if the problem is more serious.  - Testing and fixing faulty equipment.  - Troubleshooting different computer issues.  - Configuring computer networks and IP issues. Project Manager Elite Roofing Solutions - San Antonio, TX February 2018 to August 2018 • Generate my own leads and schedule appointments.  • Inspect homes and create proposals for the clients.  • Order parts and materials for each specific project, taking into account profit margins and gross projections.  • Evaluated and hired independent contractors for each individual project.  • Continued education by attending Manufacturers Product Training and Financial Sales Classes.  • Hosted several Elite Roofing company booths at Conventions, Job Fairs and Seminars. Generating leads and establishing rapport with prospects and vendors.  • Follow up and check on projects to make sure the timelines are on schedule, job sites are organized and the resources are within the projected budgets.   • Close projects and collect finances from the Clients. Followed up periodically to make sure clients were happy and satisfied. Administrative Assistant/Receptionist American Homes 4 Rent February 2016 to January 2018 General Property Management Admin work.  Late Rent - 1st party Collections  Front Desk Responsibilities   Please Inquire for more detail Education Associate in Chemical Engineering SAN ANTONIO COLLEGE Skills Sales Force - CRM (1 year), OFFICE ADMINISTRATOR (1 year), MAC, Adobe (4 years), Information Technology, It Specialist, Desktop Support, Cisco, Help Desk, Network Support, Computer Repair, eOscar - TransUnion Credit Bureau Reporting System (1 year), Website Design (2 years), Content Creation (3 years), Account Reconciliation (1 year), Motivational Interviewing (2 years), Employee Relations (2 years), ACT (1 year), Video Editing (2 years), Human Resources (2 years), Scheduling, Microsoft Office, Payroll, Marketing, training, Arcgis (Less than 1 year), Microsoft Azure (Less than 1 year) Additional Information Software: Yardi Voyager, CRM  Dynamics, Microsoft   Office, Adobe, Outlook,  Widows OS, MAC OS