Behavior Technician Behavior Technician MBA | Behavioral Health Specialist Sacramento, CA Ambitious and goal-oriented team player with a decade experience in consulting, combined with communications and learning & development experience. I currently have expanded my consulting skills with obtaining field skills in behavioral health, which I have much passion in making a difference. My interests are in direct interaction and advocacy for the disabled, oriented towards furthering my experience in utilizing analytics in behavioral treatment. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Behavior Technician Learning Arts - Sacramento, CA January 2019 to Present Provide a wide variety of services to best meet the needs of the Sacramento community of developmentally disabled children and their families. As the technician I work 1-to-1 with the patient in the clinic. I have (3) kids, whom I provide Applied Behavior Analysis. Duties include:    • Assist in developing Applied Behavioral Analysis treatment plans  • Provide individual counseling  • Provide case management  • Provide crisis intervention  • Perform risk assessments  • Consult with Specialists and BCBAs to coordinate care  • Participate in crisis response to events that occur in clinic  • Document daily notes of mental health treatment provided  • Participate in staff meetings  • Participate in staff training Founder / Project Manager Wevelop Games - Sacramento, CA June 2018 to Present This project was formed to address social and emotional development for youth in K-12 and Charter school education. We are developing a Social and Emotional (SEL) Recognition Game Platform. We aim to help students build character traits, create positive classroom culture, enable student voices, and socialize their experiences with their peers. As program and project manager I manage the team to be aware of the vision, stay on track with development milestones, and grow business development. Founder / Independent Brand Consultant Radlab Consulting - Sacramento, CA January 2010 to Present As principal founder and Independent Brand Consultant I help clients build and develop go-to-market strategies, lead generation and content brand creation for their product offering. This includes working with client C-suite, founders, and executives to develop a media mix of digital marketing activities, while procuring efforts among cross-functional teams. Over the years I have developed a dozen clients to develop a step-by-step branding strategy to achieve positive results, that have affected their bottom lines in positive ways. IT Learning & Development Consultant Hewlett Packard Enterprise - Roseville, CA May 2016 to May 2018 As a consultant in the Communications and Engagement team, I led internal campaigns in communications, social marketing, and video production company wide. I advised and led projects that includes partnering with business units across the company. Our team facilitated planning processes, program governance, change management, and was keen on process improvements for operational excellence and aimed to harness culture development. Education Master's in Business Administration University of California - Davis, CA August 2014 to June 2018 Bachelors of Arts in Graphic Design California College of Arts - San Francisco, CA 2004 Skills Social Marketing, Digital Marketing, Communications, Branding, Promotions, Advertising, Growth Hacking, Lead Generation, Reporting, Market Analysis, Creative Services, Brand Identity, Marketing Strategy, Social Campaigns, Customer Engagements, Change Management, Planning Process, Cross-Functional Collaboration, Driving Strategic Initiatives, Leadership., Autism, ABA, Child Care, Psychology Certifications/Licenses Foundations in Design Thinking September 2018 to Present https://www.credential.net/7w2shnyy Driver's License CPI Training May 2019 to May 2020 Specialization in nonviolent crisis intervention and workplace violence prevention. The CPI serves the needs of professionals who need to deal with emotionally distraught, disruptive, or violent people.  Additional Information SPECIALTIES: Social Marketing, Digital Marketing, Communications, Branding, Promotions, Advertising,  Growth Hacking, Lead Generation, Reporting, Market Analysis, Creative Services, Brand Identity, Marketing  Strategy, Social Campaigns, Customer Engagements, Change Management, Planning Process,  Cross-Functional Collaboration, Driving Strategic Initiatives, Leadership.  ATTRIBUTES: Ambitious, Collaborative, Effective, Goal-Oriented, Excellent Interpersonal Skills, Agent of  Change  TECHNOLOGIES: Microsoft Of ce Suite, Adobe Creative Suite, Data Analytics [SPSS, R, SQL Server, Tableau,  Power BI], Project management tools [Trello, Slack], Video production - DSLR cameras.