Product Manager & Product Owner Product <span class="hl">Manager</span> &amp; Product Owner Product Manager & Product Owner - Paychex Rochester, NY I build and ship game-changing products.    Qualifications and Experience    • 3+ years in technical product management and 15+ years in an Agile environment  •3+ years of direct experience building successful text conversational bots in Amazon Lex, Google Dialogflow and the Microsoft Bot Framework  • 2+ years leading products related to machine learning and natural language processing applied to consumer web.  • Track record of delivering best-in-class consumer experiences  • Vast conversational UX design experience  • Comfort operating in global environments across cultures, locations, and time zones  • Analytical and comfortable making data-driven decisions  • Strong communication skills and collaborative in nature    Strengths and Passions    • Creating deep connections to who product users are, their needs and issues across their customer journey  • Excellent leadership and communication skills across all levels of the organization  • Technical savvy to be a strong collaborator with developers, understanding their technical capabilities and constraints  • Real passion for amazing customer experiences  • Team player: ability to build strategic relationship across organization and levels  • Ability to meet tight deadlines, handle a dynamic environment, and have good judgment  • Proven growth mindset. Ability to think creatively and challenge the status quo.  • Exercising good judgment in balancing between innovation and robust operation, able to optimize productivity and efficiency when working with partners. Work Experience Product Manager & Product Owner Paychex - Rochester, NY 2018 to Present • Currently leading three software development teams to build AI solutions on one of the world's leading payroll and human capital management (HCM) platforms,  • Responsible for launch of the Paychex Assistant, Paychex's first automated assistant.  • Within the first year of launch, the Paychex Assistant has saved over $2MM in operational expenses by decreasing the need of live agent support by handling the most common customer requests via automation. Product Manager & Product Owner Thomson Reuters - Rochester, NY 2016 to 2018 • Pitched and convinced company CEO Jim Smith for $100k seed money to build Thomson Reuter's first customer service chatbot (AVA) for use on WestlawNext.  • Utilized lean startup methodology to form hypotheses, run experiments to test assumptions with Westlaw customers, all while focused on KPIs to measure success and failures. Led a distributed and talented group of product, development, architecture, cognitive computing/data science, and UX/UI teams.  • Partnered with Sales teams to automate software subscription renewals using artificial intelligence to set optimal pricing and suggest/upsell add-on packages. IT Project Manager & Scrum Master Thomson Reuters - Rochester, NY 2014 to 2017 • I worked for Thomson Reuters in the Legal - Corp/Govt/Research Solutions division on the CLEAR product lines. Supervised multiple project across all phases of development.  • Responsible for a portfolio of software development projects with a total budget of $3-4MM per year.  • Made vital decisions and drove decision-making across projects while implementing best practices. Education Business Administration and Information Technology Rochester Institute of Technology Bachelors of Communications & Journalism in Marketing St. John Fisher College Skills Product Management, Product Development, Business Analysis, Agile, Jira, Scrum, Photoshop, Marketing, Data Analysis Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/gregorylfisher