Warehouse Surge Team Personnel Warehouse Surge Team Personnel Savage, MD Experienced Project Coordinator with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Interested in acquiring an analyst job position in an organization where I can convey great value while developing upon my learning and capability. I am in search of full-time employment, with an opportunity for growth. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Warehouse Surge Team Personnel LifeScience Logistics - Columbia, MD January 2017 to Present • Attend mandatory 4hour emergency response training during surge week and respond to routine Activation drills in the required time frame.  • Trained on warehouse equipment and system including Pallet Jack, RF Guns/Scanners.  • Ensure warehouse practices are maintained according to cGMP and LSL standards. Project Coordinator Leidos, Subcontractor to BETAH Associates - Gaithersburg, MD March 2017 to August 2017 • Contract assignment supporting the U.S department of Justice programs, National Institute of Justice Peer Review Support Services.  • Coordinate and interact with subject matter expert (SME) reviewers for peer review assignments to ensure adherence to project compliance schedules/timelines and government guidelines.  • Tasked primarily with assisting the processing of Office or Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention (OJJDP) and Bureau of Justice Assistance (BJA) grant applications submitted for Federal funding. Project Manager Victoria Island - Lagos, NG December 2015 to October 2016 Nigeria)  • Plan, manage and coordinate projects to ensure desired outcome is achieved.  • Document project timeline, requirements, scope, processes and guidelines.  • Schedule and Attend project initiation and update meetings Junior Programmer Analyst Loyola University - Baltimore, MD September 2015 to October 2015 • Worked with senior programmer analyst in switching from Unidata database Application to SQL database environment.  • Performed various duties including Transferring, exporting, generating and submitting data and codes into SQL database environment. Enrollment Outbound Specialist Connections Education - Columbia, MD June 2015 to September 2015 • Assisted Caretakers via phone and email in completing enrollment process (stage 1-4) for the following school year.  • Provide excellent customer service experience while managing time efficiently in assisting caretakers.  • Responsible for creating IssueAware tickets, sending webmail's, making over 100 calls per day and create a log for each outbound call. IT Helpdesk Laboratory Technician Salisbury University - Salisbury, MD August 2012 to May 2015 • Provided troubleshooting assistance, managed computer facilities serving student users, faculty and staff in solving technical issues.  • Responsible for reporting all hardware/software/network problems to Consultant or Lab Manager and submitting support tickets into iSupport ticketing system. Education B.S in Information Systems Salisbury University - Salisbury, MD August 2012 to May 2015 A.A in Business Administration Howard Community College - Columbia, MD June 2010 to July 2012 Additional Information Skilled in Visual Basic, Microsoft Excel, Customer Service, Microsoft Word, and Data Entry. Strong program and project management experience with proven attention to detail. Harnessed excellent working ethics and have strong verbal and written communication.