Sr. Security Analyst Sr. Security Analyst Sr. Cybersecurity Analyst - Moody's Corporation New York, NY Security Engineer -- Penetration Testing -- Information Security Analyst -- Threat Hunting -- Incident Response  GIAC GWAPT (SEC542) Application Security Capture the Flag Winner Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr. Security Analyst Moody's Corporation - New York, NY March 2019 to Present • Engage in threat hunting and red teaming activities to proactively discover and remediate advanced threats, security misconfigurations and other complex sources of security risk. Collaborate with other members of the threat hunting team to develop homegrown security tools and automation solutions to support threat hunting initiatives.  • Manage penetration testing and bug bounty programs for critical web applications, including hands-on web application testing against OWASP Top 10 (and others) as well as the coordination of penetration tests and security assessments with external vendors. Responsibilities also include penetration testing documentation, vulnerability metrics, tracking and remediation efforts.  • Primary for all digital forensics and eDiscovery requests, including Legal and Compliance investigations, in addition to providing ad-hoc support to the Incident Response team in the investigation and resolution of security events and incidents.  • GWAPT certified Cybersecurity Analyst Moody's Corporation - New York, NY January 2017 to March 2019 • Core member of the Red Team and Threat Management program. Responsible for penetration testing, threat actor monitoring, threat intelligence developments and red team exercises.  • Assist Cyber Incident Response team in responding to security incidents, forensics and investigations. Identify anomalies and indicators of compromise via host and network based analysis using industry standard investigation tools.  • Created, developed and maintained Jira project management instance for the Information Risk & Security line of business. Project Coordinator Moody's Corporation October 2016 to January 2017 • Assist management with documentation, tracking and execution of penetration tests against core web applications. Manager, Digital Operations Greensbury Market Corp - New York, NY January 2016 to October 2016 • Owned end-to-end planning, implementation and management of all core digital technologies, infrastructure and strategic initiatives. Acted as communication liaison between internal and external management, agencies, affiliates and support teams. Facilitated workgroup alignment and worked closely with cross-functional teams to drive current projects, development and procedural implementations to completion.  • Directed the secure migration of core product, services and databases across hosting platforms  • Designed and implemented data, analytics and reporting systems infrastructure Associate Consultant, IT Risk Management JCW - New York, NY July 2015 to December 2015 • Headed the IT Risk Management resourcing for the financial services division. Interfaced with client senior hiring managers to identify, define and document requirements for critical information technology and risk management projects. Sourced, assessed and trained prospective hires throughout the interview, onboarding and integration processes. Clients included Citigroup, AIG, Deutsche Bank and Ernst & Young.  • Led North American branch for highest number of client engagements in Q4    COURSEWORK + CERTIFICATES  ? Cybersecurity & Data Privacy - University of Maryland, College Park  ? Usable Security - University of Maryland, College Park  ? Software Security - University of Maryland, College Park  ? Python Data Structures - University of Michigan  ? Using Python to Access Web Data - University of Michigan  ? Using Databases with Python - University of Michigan  ? Data Science - Johns Hopkins University  ? Introduction to Big Data - University of California, San Diego  ? Mining Massive Datasets - Stanford University  ? Introduction to Linux - The Linux Foundation Education Master's in Software Engineering, Extension Studies Harvard University - Boston, MA June 2019 to Present Bachelor of Science in Legal Studies National Paralegal College November 2013 to September 2015 Business Texas A&M University August 2009 to April 2012 Skills Information Security (6 years), Security Analysis (5 years), Penetration Testing (3 years), Incident Response (3 years), Python (2 years), Cyber Security (6 years), Splunk (2 years), Microsoft Office (10+ years), JIRA (2 years), GWAPT (1 year), Threat Hunting (2 years), Red Team (1 year), Security Engineering (1 year), security Awards SANS SEC542 Capture the Flag Winner 2018-08 Won the team-based capture the flag challenge for SANS SEC542 Web Application Penetration Testing in SANS Boston 2018. Certifications/Licenses GWAPT November 2018 to November 2022 Web App Penetration Testing and Ethical Hacking  https://www.giac.org/certification/web-application-penetration-tester-gwapt    • Cross Site Request Forgery, Cross Site Scripting and Client Injection Attack  • Reconnaissance and Mapping  • Web Application Authentication Attacks  • Web Application Configuration Testing  • Web Application Overview  • Web Application Session Management  • Web Application SQL Injection Attacks  • Web Application Testing Tools Additional Information CORE SKILLS  • Web application security  • Penetration testing  • Threat hunting  • Threat intelligence  • Incident response  • Security Analysis  • Cyber forensics  • Security scripting  • Reporting & metrics    SYSTEMS + SOFTWARE + SCRIPTING  Penetration Testing  • Kali Linux, Burp Suite, ZAP, w3af, Tenable SC, Metasploit + msfvenom, nmap, dig, recon-ng, dirb, sqlmap, nikto, BeEF, netcat… it’s best to just ask  • Python 3.x, Bash scripting, Reporting  • GIAC GWAPT Certified (Web Application Penetration Testing)  • GWAPT Capture the Flag winner (SANS Boston 2018)  Security Analysis  • Splunk (SPL), CrowdStrike, Tenable SecurityCenter, Volatility  Management + Reporting   • Jira & Jira JQL, Tableau, Vizio, PowerPoint  Environments  • Windows 7/10, Linux (Ubuntu, Red Hat), AWS + Serverless, macOS, Kali