IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager - PASCO Commerce City, CO Project management professional motivated to develop and implement project plans that meet project guidelines. Ten-year military veteran with a strong foundation in Agile project management methodologies. Qualifications include:    • Adaptability  • Interpersonal/Analytical Skills  • Six Sigma Yellow Belt  • Project Planning/Implementation  • Leadership  • Process Improvement Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager PASCO - Lakewood, CO 2019 to Present Organized a $250k in value software migration from Procura to Therap. Project enables the electronic documentation of 150 people, to include nurses, care coordinators, and business systems team members.  • Developed a project plan using Monday software with 215 checklist items for on-time, in scope project.  • Coordinated with stakeholders and key sponsors. Held weekly project update meetings using communications and risk log to outline/brief discrepancies.  • Trained 150 members using the software on data entry, form uploads, and time tracking. Assistant General Manager Colorado Athletic Club - Boulder, CO 2018 to 2019 Oversee five departments and 108 total personnel. Manage organizational effectiveness of 4.9k member clubs seven-day operational period.  • Managed 25 projects ranging from $1.5k-$10k in value to update facilities and improve current fitness and aquatics programs.  • Generate revenue forecasts for each profit center. Use PERT methodology to forecast next year's projections for all managers.  • Oversee the cleanliness of a 35,000sq ft facility that provides members with a childcare center, aquatics area, fitness floor, and personal training/group training services. Assistant Fitness Manager EXOS - Denver, CO 2016 to 2018 Managed eight personnel on effective sales techniques, motivational interviewing, and professional development  • Co-authored new, innovative online exercise library. Development of new program will ensure that patrons can receive online exercise instruction.  • Performed client outreach to 3.7k members of the fitness facility to ensure exceptional customer service requirements.  • Serviced 2.5k personal training sessions ranging from weight loss, older population, and sport performance objectives. Manager, Quality Assurance United States Air Force - Peterson AFB, CO 2009 to 2017 As a manager for the Air Force, I was solely responsible for the upkeep and maintenance of weather sensor products to include quality assurance, parts ordering, and the management of meteorological aviation operations.  • Team leader for five personnel in support of Operation Inherent Resolve. Oversaw1,200 flights totaling 7,000 flying hours and the preservation of $175 million in assets.  • Controlled the quality assurance program; performed 54 inspections to outline discrepancies and areas for improvement on 2,300 checklist items. Increased operational streamlining 26%  • Managed the weather equipment operations project. Re-ordered parts, maintenance requirements, and oversaw a team of four members on the seven-month project costing $500,000 Education Master of Science in Project Leadership and Management Regis University - Denver, CO Bachelor of Science in Exercise Science American Public University - Charles Town, WV Skills Waterfall, PM, Project Management, Information Technology, Outlook, Scheduling, budget, Customer Service, Microsoft Project, Word Military Service Branch: United States Air Force Rank: E-6