Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Technical Support Representative Marcellus, NY To obtain a position were I will be able to maximize my skills in the technology field, training experience and management. I am hoping this position will benefit my years of experience in training and management of a high client volume in a professional environment. Work Experience Project Manager QOSS consulting - Tully, NY June 2018 to Present Effectively manage and create databases for new customers with aloha pos systems. Support existing customers as well as provide support after hours Implementation Specialist Dumac Business Systems, Inc. - East Syracuse, NY January 2013 to Present Implemented new Register Systems both in the US and Canada. Applied networking and software troubleshooting IT Technician Fastrac Markets LLC - East Syracuse, NY July 2017 to March 2018 Troubleshoot and maintain POS system  Troubleshoot and maintain Office network  Worked with Vendors troubleshoot internet outages  Maintained VPN connections to all stores plus home office  Facilitated Server migrations Technical Support Representative Sutherland Global Services January 2010 to April 2012 Developed and maintained guides for residential and small business computer systems and peripherals.  • Maintained and installed DVR security systems and associating them with external IP's.  • Provided support and training for reinstalling and updating Microsoft and Macintosh Operating Systems and software programs such as TurboTax.  • Preformed troubleshooting and maintenance on Smart phones. Project coordinator and Trainer Sutherland Global Services September 2010 to March 2012 Created and implemented training regimes for home networks and computer systems  • Provided training for new consultants in MS Windows XP, Windows Vista and Windows 7 and other software  • Provided training both domestic and foreign employees in customer service based soft skills. Education SUNY Onondaga Community College Present Regents Diploma Marcellus High School - Marcellus, NY September 1999 to June 2003 Skills Microsoft Office (3 years), Aloha Software (3 years) Additional Information Skills:  • Managed Wireless Network topologies  • Experienced with both Microsoft Office Suite and Open Office Suite  • Experienced with installing multiple different Operating Systems (OSX, Unbuntu, Fidora, Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7)  • Connecting and Maintaining Peripherals  • Experienced with Networking Protocols (RIP, EIGRP)