Certified Swing Manager Certified Swing <span class="hl">Manager</span> Seymour, TN Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Certified Swing Manager McDonald's - Seymour, TN December 2017 to Present Leadership role accountable for staff performance, food safety, and inventory management. Achieved ServSafe certification, complete with two months of training in managerial tactics for customer service, internal communication, and safety/security. On a day-to-day basis I am responsible for meeting targets, managing staff, daily maintenance, and food production. IT Project Manager Telco Community Credit Union - Asheville, NC February 2016 to July 2017 Leadership role accountable for maintaining key business applications and systems. Partner with senior leadership to guide short- and long-range technology planning. Plan, coordinate, and execute hardware and software upgrades.  Serve as vital resource for branch and administration staff, overseeing daily support operations and providing assistance on complex trouble tickets. Cultivate and maintain relationships with IT vendors.    Selected projects:    Successfully directed the on-time, on-budget completion of company-wide upgrade to NEC phone systems impacting 80+ on-site staff and remote employees.    Initiated transformative IT policies designed to harden system security, including enhanced measures for password requirements and user access.    Spearheaded and completed the successful implementation of EMV chip cards into branches and other affected equipment. This included upgrading company-wide client-side software, upgrading server software, testing branch equipment, and upgrading ATMs to accept chip cards. All done in a smooth transition. IT Specialist Nielsen - Oldsmar, FL December 2013 to December 2015 Provided technical support to end-users, leveraging broad-based expertise to handle problem identification, diagnosis, resolution, and escalation via helpdesk system, telephone, and remote support tools. Performed security administration functions for user, data, and remote access.    Selected projects:    Played an instrumental role in the development, test, and launch of upgraded client software to ensure no client disruption occurred. This included Android and iOS testing.    Helped spearhead the formation of the technical team destined to work on media research for web statistics after company transition. Education High school or equivalent in Information Technology Information Technology High School - Long Island City, NY September 2007 to June 2011 Skills Microsoft Office (4 years), Symitar (2 years), Active Directory (2 years), Vmware (2 years), Group Policy Management (2 years) Additional Information Areas of Expertise    Testing & Troubleshooting |  Project Management | System Administration  Vendor Relations | Strategic Planning | Resource Allocation | Effective Communication  Team Leadership | Business Continuity | Data Backup & Recovery    Technical Proficiencies    Platforms: Windows XP/Vista/7/10; Mac OS X; Ubuntu; Linux Mint; SUSE; Android; iOS    Software: Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint, Project), and SharePoint; VMware; Virtualbox; Openfire (Spark); Active Directory; Group Policy Management; Symitar;