Director of Project Management Operations & Product Innovation Director of <span class="hl">Project</span> Management Operations &amp; Product Innovation Director of Project Management Operations & Product Innovation - Assa Abloy Van Alstyne, TX A road warrior and champion for digital transformation. A proven inspirational leader who is a  versatile IT, industrial, & healthcare professional with extensive experience managing multiple  software implementation teams and cloud based technology projects. An innovative talent  looking for an energizing organization that matches my passion for innovation, and molding  raw talent into world class leaders. Work Experience Director of Project Management Operations & Product Innovation Assa Abloy August 2017 to Present Product Management  o Analyze market trends and model potentials. Execute actions that directly aligned to organization's strategy, collaborate with marketing on product positioning/go-to-market  launches, and deliver products with demonstrable business impact  o Collaborate with design and engineering teams, lead product team meetings. Manage  backlogs and prioritize technical work  o Leverages the Agile/Scrum framework to manage new product innovation and feature  enhancement development. Tracks product backlog and monitors product development  sprint cycles in JIRA  o Work with internal teams and stakeholders to generate ideas. Identify ideas that align with strategy and explain why certain ideas are prioritized and others are not  o Develops use cases which connect the IIoT solution with key digital technologies:  • Blockchain & AI in logistics and supply chain mgmt.  • Familiarity with: PLC, HMI, edge devices, IoT Sensors, edge agent software.  o Leverage the CRM (customer relationship management) software system to mine  opportunities and continuously engage customers and sales teams    Project Operations and Customer Engagement  o Manages certified project managers, technical account managers, help desk support  staff, certified scrum masters, certified scrum product owners, business analysts, and technical writers.  o Cultivates a customer intimate approach to all phases of the logistics system  installation, while managing the professional services and recurring revenue models.  o Defined and built an enterprise PMO & managed all aspects of the strategic initiative.  Developed governance, risk management, scope management & change control  processes aligned with PMI best practices  o Developed automated processes with Smartsheet, Dynamics365, & JDE ERP to accurately track professional service hours, invoicing, and recurring revenue  o Manage large teams on both the professional services and both onshore & offshore  development groups. Manage various vendors as applicable to the business needs.  o Developed and reported on customer analysis. Proactively capture customer feedback  Conduct VoC exercises and deliver product demos for new features  o Manage divisions P&L/budgets and resource planning Senior Project Implementation Manager Philips Healthcare North America - PCMS November 2016 to August 2017 o Coordinated, managed, and executed installation processes/phases of the Philips enterprise  level patient care monitoring system (PCMS). Projects were aligned with month to month  operational revenue forecasts and projections.  o Effectively applied project management methodologies & quality assurance procedures to ensure that caregivers could track & manage patients' needs, from the point of care to another  unit, floor, or wing of a facility, and beyond.  o Leveraged the SalesForce.com CRM to guarantee a smooth transition from sales account  managers to implementation teams. Safeguarded the delivery of a high quality of service to patients and hospital staff.  o Collaborate with regional sale force  o Knowledgeable in system integration and networking workflow communication standards, e.g., XML, HL7, EDI, etc. ERP Implementation & IT Manager Nature Nate's - McKinney, TX July 2016 to November 2016 o Managed and delivered a large, complex Ross ERP system, targeting the Nature Nate's  manufacturing food processes, on time and within budget.  o Identified operational gaps 'post' Ross ERP implementation, leveraging the Ross  manufacturing execution system reporting and analytic tools.  o Implemented creative business and technology solutions for key Nature Nate's manufacturing and distribution locations.  o Designed custom Ross ERP IAF (Internet Access Framework) applications, which improved  operating efficiencies and end user satisfaction. Sr. Territory Implementation Manager Omnicell, Inc April 2014 to May 2016 o Defined and built an enterprise PMO & managed all aspects of the strategic initiative  o Developed governance, risk management, scope management & change control processes  o Worked extensively with sales teams to drive business with existing customer base, leveraged  VoC focused user groups  o Collaborated and contributed to the legacy development team's Agile/Scrum product  development processes.  o Continued to drive and hit quarterly revenue milestones with the legacy implementation teams, leveraging both the SAP CRM and ERP systems.  o Provided oversight and coordination of large teams to ensure effective implementation of legacy systems: Medication Automation, OR supply-chain, pharmacy management, and  enterprise analytic reporting systems, which spanned 27 states.  o Applied a laser focus on customer relations management, triaged & solved complex customer  issues throughout a systems implementation lifecycle.  o Leveraged SharePoint & Microsoft Project to streamline project scheduling, budgeting, and IT/systems planning. Tracked multiple teams' progress to ensure project milestones were  completed on time, on budget, and in line with monthly & quarterly revenue targets. Education Masters in Cybersecurity Management in Cybersecurity Management Purdue University Internet of Things Business Implications & Opportunities MIT Sloan School of Management Bachelor of Science in Information Technology in Information Technology University of Phoenix Masters of Business Administration in Business Administration University of Phoenix Skills Procurement, Outlook, Logistics, SAP Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/louis-kuhns-mba-csm-cspo-2b3073185/ Certifications/Licenses CSM - Certified Scrum Master October 2017 to March 2020 CSPO - Certified Scrum Product Owner March 2018 to March 2020