Project manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">manager</span> Project manager Revere, MA A hardworking Project Manager with more than 7 year of experience in information technology industry. Engaging and personable with excellent communication skills including cross-functional collaboration, team coordination, and customer service. Highly organized, detail oriented, methodical and skilled to deliver complex projects based on industry best practices. Native Albanian, fluent English, fluent Italian, fluent Romanian Work Experience Project manager IkubINFO - Tirana August 2015 to July 2019 Delivered large enterprise projects for the Albanian software market  Key Projects and Accomplishments:  • Delivered online system for the submission of the financial documents for the Albanian companies through e-Albania Portal. Successfully collaborated with Ministry of Finance, World Bank and National Business Center to specify the system requirements and proposing a more advanced statistical module for the system.  • Developed and maintained the National Business Center web portal. Reduced project costs by 30% while achieving the project deadlines in advance.  • Developed the Case Management System for the General Prosecutor office of Albania. Implemented a custom electronic document and records management system for 3 other clients based on the General Prosecutor Office project.  • Maintained the National Licensing Center System. Reduced maintenance costs by 50% via proposing a system upgrade.  • Developed the online platform for the Customized License Plates System. Increased the project scope beyond special license plates by including all motor vehicle categories, thus generating additional revenue. Business development manager, it outsourcing software services IkubINFO April 2013 to July 2015 • Analyzed the advanced economies of the European Union software market to identify potential outsourcing opportunities and concluded by targeting Italian market because of similar sociocultural factors, proximity for business, and the ease of communication given that circa 30% of the Albanian population is fluent in the Italian language.  • Compiled market entry strategy with its online and offline marketing, and the necessary internal company changes to target the Italian software market.  • Acquired three SME clients from Italy and Romania, arranging meetings and closing deals, which amounted to $500,000 increase in revenue, or 10% for the 2014 fiscal year ending March 2015. Sales and project coordinator ADXA- Design and Build - Tirana July 2011 to April 2013 • Created lead generation through networking and PR  • Monitored the deadlines of the turn-key design and build projects Education Master's in Database Applied University of Economic Studies, the Faculty of Cybernetics Statistics and Informatics - Bucharest, RO 2012 Bachelor's in Economic Informatics University of Economic Studies, the Faculty of Cybernetics Statistics and Informatics - Bucharest, RO 2010 Skills Project Management, Software development lifecycle, ITIL, Agile, Scrum, Scum Master, Product owner, Project Server, Microsoft Project, JIRA, TFS, Visio, CaseComplete, Microsoft Dynamics CRM, Salesforce, Case Management, Software Documentation, Ticket Management, Customer Service, Requirements Gathering, Project Planning, Process Improvement Certifications/Licenses Professional Scrum Master I Professional Scrum Product Owner I