Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Kissimmee, FL I aim to be a part of a company that I can help make larger than myself, by helping with growth and efficiency. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager Envision - Orlando, FL August 2018 to Present • Manage various new clients and their businesses helping them get started with their new point of sale software.   • Multitask between more than 20 clients at any given time.  • Use Excel spreadsheets to manage client data and progress.  • Provide technical support for our new clients as well as established clients  • Detail oriented time management and organization  • Customer service  • Client retention Accounting Clerk I Aquarius Gifts Co. - Kissimmee, FL April 2017 to August 2018 • Accounts receivables/ accounts payable / purchase orders/ invoicing    • Cash flow report /  financial reports / accounts reconciliation                    • Collected, processed and posted all monthly and miscellaneous contributions/payments.  • Evaluated and resolved accounts receivable discrepancies and billed clients.  • Offered key support to controller / payroll processing  • Handled accounts receivable accounts payable and cash receipts.  • Implemented, modified and documented record keeping strategies making use of current computer system.  • Prepared bank reconciliations and assisted with imports and billing.  • Handled cash and deposits using the proper accounting procedures and documentation IT Support Technician C-Tech - Kissimmee, FL June 2015 to April 2017 • Provide help desk support / troubleshooting                • Hardware configuration / software installation provide technical support and troubleshooting services to end-users who need assistance with their computer hardware or software.  • Inventory management / system disassembly  • Provide on-site computer repair services to small business and private customers.  • Diagnosed software issues, installed updates or new software and removed malicious programs.  • Consulted with customers regarding technological needs as well as technical problems.  • Resolve selected issues with smartphones and tablets.  • Troubleshoot systems and work with customers to determine needed hardware or software changes. Trainer Publix - Celebration, FL March 2014 to July 2015 • Organization of the store  • Customer service   • Cash handling  • Training new employees  • Ensuring customer satisfaction Education High school or equivalent Skills Microsoft Office (2 years), Outlook (4 years), Scheduling (1 year) Certifications/Licenses Microsoft Office Specialist February 2015 to Present I have a proficiency in Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, and Excel. Driver's License Assessments Customer Focus & Orientation — Highly Proficient July 2019 Responding to customer situations with sensitivity. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/h-cjbwxg6ele4m7q Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information SKILLS  Proficient with Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint.  Great communication skills.  Great time management and multitasking abilities.  Dependable.  Organized.  Self-motivating.  Also proficient in the programming languages C and Java.    CHARLENE GONZALEZ  2830 PINERIDGE CIRCLE, KISSIMMEE, FL 34746  (407) 433-6227  CHARLENEVGONZ@GMAIL.COM