Regional IT Manager II Regional <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> II Cyber Security Analyst - Security+ce, CCNA CyberOps Austin, TX Analytically-minded IT professional who loves to learn new skills looking to transition into a hands-on, technical role in information security. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Regional IT Manager II Delaware North Travel Hospitality - Austin, TX March 2016 to Present Acting as the sole IT resource located within the region for break/fix support, new technology implementations, and property systems subject matter expertise. Based out of Austin-Bergstrom International Airport with additional responsibility for Dallas/Fort Worth and Oklahoma City Airports.  ·     Deployed new and replacement technology solutions, including 42 point of sale terminals, 7 handheld ordering tablets, 28 digital displays, 65 IP security cameras, 9 switches, 12 WAPs, 13 self-order kiosks, and 4 servers.  ·     Initiated response to a major point of sale outage affecting multiple company properties. Successfully identified the issue, limited the scope of the outage, and quickly restored AUS Airport as the first property back to normal operation.  ·     Created PCI asset inventory documentation including point of sale systems, credit card interface devices, administrative computers, and server rack hardware.  ·     Implemented a P2PE payment processing solution by obtaining credentials, installing hardware, configuring retail systems, and managing vendor scheduling for restaurant systems.  ·     Volunteered to respond to an unplanned rollback at TD Garden in Boston, MA, which involved deploying 17 point of sale terminals and a new P2PE payment solution in under 36 hours. Facilities/ Project Manager Delaware North Parks and Resorts - Grand Canyon, AZ January 2015 to March 2016 Directly managed a staff of 12 skilled tradesmen and spearheaded the development of a multimillion dollar construction project portfolio for a new operating contract in a geographically disperse mixed-use operation.  ·     Configured and deployed a Computerized Maintenance Management system on property. Provided hands-on support and administrated identity/access control following go-live.  ·     Proactively implemented a preventive maintenance program within a completely reactive environment which resulted in over 60 percent of overall work completed being preventive.  ·     Stepped up as the Acting Director of Facilities between July and October 2015, which included oversight of Environmental Affairs, Risk Management, and Security staff to ensure no lapse in overall operations. Education Some college Skills TCP/IP, PCI, Access Control, Troubleshooting, VLANs, Identity and Access Management, Documentation, Microsoft Office, Windows, Linux Certifications/Licenses Cisco CCNA Cybersecurity Operations CompTIA A+ CompTIA Network+ Cisco Certified Entry Networking Technician (CCENT) CompTIA Security+