Sales Leader/ Manager (part-time) Sales Leader/<span class="hl">Manager</span> (part-time) IT Project Coordinator Sauquoit, NY Accomplished professional and dynamic administrator with hands-on experience assisting and supporting Information Technology ( IT) operations. Thrives in helping others understand the elements of identifying, diagnosing, and resolving complicated computer related issues.  • Recognized in industry for providing exception positive outcomes for both college students and professional employees.  • Adept at cultivating partnerships and building trusted relationships across business sectors, including highly effective communications, both verbal and written.  • Unparalleled ability in providing IT information that is easily and clearly understood, while simultaneously delivering operations duties focused on business solutions. Work Experience Sales Leader/ Manager (part-time) Pier 1 Imports - New Hartford, NY October 2018 to Present Directs the team to attain everyday sales target and surpass expectations of customers.  Gives account directly to the store manager. IT Project Coordinator College of William and Mary 2004 to 2011 General Office IT Administrator providing financial operations assistance and purchasing needs for the department; monitoring, controlling and reporting on status of programs, projects and operating budgets; prepare status reports and other program finance and administrative analysis and reporting. Thrives on utilizing strong communication skills to interface with program management team and other staff members.  Notable Contributions:  • Provided guidance to IT and other departments needing assistance in purchasing and contract compliance issues.  • Tactfully managed contracts and ensured all projects were completed on time and within budget.  • Substantially developed vendor relationships, resulting in improved operational efficiencies and cost savings.  • Successfully managed a minimum of 40 vendor contracts, site licenses and licensing agreements.  • Diligently created, organized, updated and maintained all spreadsheets and databases. College of William and Mary - Williamsburg, VA 2003 to 2011 Information Technology Support Specialist College of William and Mary 2003 to 2004 Rapidly promoted to focus on increased technical skills; full responsibilities for providing intensive technical support for college community by identifying, diagnosing, and resolving computer related issues.    Notable Contributions:  • Quickly escalated unresolved issues to the appropriate technician for quick solutions.  • Efficiently documented information related to technical difficulties into college ticketing system.  • Successfully maintained all software licenses and monitoring of leased computer programs.  • Managed approximately 40 vendor contracts, site licenses and licensing agreements.    Additional Professional Experience While in School  Transfer Services Specialist, Registrar's Office - Mohawk Valley Community College, Utica, NY  Strengths Quest, Advisement -Mohawk Valley Community College, Utica, NY  Temporary Secretary to the President - Mohawk Valley Community College, Utica, NY  Interim Admissions Assistant, Admissions - Mohawk Valley Community College, Utica, NY  Interim Secretary, President - Mohawk Valley Community College, Utica, NY  Interim Assistant, Dean, Rome Campus - Mohawk Valley Community College, Utica, NY  Interim Assistant, Vice President Student Affairs - Mohawk Valley Community College, Utica, NY  Transfer Services Assistant, Transfer Services - Mohawk Valley Community College, Utica, NY  Enrollment Assistant, Advisement - Mohawk Valley Community College, Utica, NY Education Bachelor of Science in Management Information Systems SUNY Empire State College - Utica, NY SYSTEMS ANALYSIS AND DESIGN SUNY Skills Budgets, Problem solving, Coaching, Mentoring, Networking, Customer engagement, Relationship management, Leadership, Key Holder Assessments CRM Skills with Salesforce — Highly Proficient June 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to demonstrate a knowledge of Salesforce objects, fields, and processes. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/v1fayjuoya5quf4s Management & Leadership Skills: Planning & Execution — Highly Proficient June 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to effectively plan and manage resources to accomplish organizational goals. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/gkshcdxgz5dong7w Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information Areas of Expertise  Communication - Organization - Analytical Abilities - Project Management - Perseverance  Coaching & Mentoring - Negotiations - Customer Engagement - Client Relationship Management  Collaboration - Positive Attitude - Teamwork - Self Management - Willingness to Learn  Problem Solving - Decision Making - Knowledge Networking - Attention to Detail  Budgets - Software - Vendor Relationships