Project Manager - IT Service Management Analyst <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> - <span class="hl">IT</span> Service Management Analyst Project Manager - IT Service Management Analyst - Charter Communications Kansas City, MO To obtain a position where I may utilize and build upon my professional experiences and commitment to excellence, in order to make a meaningful contribution to the success of the organization.  Profile/Education  ? Member of Project Management Institute (Pursuing PMP 2019)  ? ITIL v3 foundations - 2019  ? Yellow belt six sigma certification - 2019  ? SCRUM certification - 2019  ? A+ Certification - May 2007  ? SCTE - Understanding Cable Technology  ? Querying Data with Transact-SQL certification  ? Tableau Reader 10.1 certification  ? Experience of 7+ years project management and project implementation experience  ? Experience of 7+ years of planning, organizing, executing, monitoring, and closing of a project  ? Thrives when Managing complex projects and working to tight deadlines.  ? Knowledge and experience analyzing, reporting, configuring, testing, quality assurance and troubleshooting (VoIP) in telecommunication environment.  ? Experience of 10 + years working in an IP/optical network environment  ? Experience of 8 + years working with Cisco routers and switches  ? Experience handling multiple weekly and monthly reports with deadlines and high accountability.  ? Proven ability to adapt in a dynamic work environment.  ? Superb team leadership, analytical, and communication skills. Reputed for credibility, exceptional work ethic, and sharp attention to detail.  ? Track record of driving and optimizing data quality using complex analytical strategies and processes Work Experience Project Manager - IT Service Management Analyst Charter Communications - Town and Country, MO June 2016 to Present Responsible for improving network performance and the customer experience through the ITIL CSI process  ? Drive best practice for achieving incremental and large-scale improvements in service quality, operational efficiency and business continuity.  ? Identifies, analyzes, and interprets trends or patterns in standard data sets. Present standard data sets and information in an understandable and compelling manner.  ? Optimize network performance through the application of statistical analysis using a complex set of key data points.  ? Works on multiple projects as a project team member, occasionally as a project leader.  ? Analyzes business partner's operations to understand their strengths and weaknesses to determine opportunities to automate processes and functions.  ? Develops high quality graphs, reports, and presentations of data results. Perform statistical analyses for Network Operations business unit(s).  ? Translates high level business requirements into functional specifications for the Network Operations organization and manages changes to such specifications.  ? Identifies, analyzes, and interprets trends or patterns in complex data sets. Present standard data sets and information in an understandable and compelling manner.  ? Responsible for creating Process Documents that include Method of Analysis, Risk Register and any Notations for all reports  ? Worked in an Agile environment to incorporate current and develop new processes for merged companies; Bright House and Time Warner  ? Assist DBA group with ETL processes IT Incident Manager (NOC) Charter Communications - Town and Country, MO January 2013 to June 2016 Responsible for reactive monitoring of all core level VOIP telephony, IP and Video elements within network environment using tools such as Netcool and Drum.  ? Configure IT Lan/Wan elements and held responsibility of maintaining and monitoring performance of network.  ? Managed installations, upgrades, configuration and administration of Cisco and other vendor equipment in IT architecture of organization.  ? Install, Manage & Troubleshoot Large Networks & Systems Administration on Windows & Linux platforms in Development, Lab & Production Environments.  ? Maintaining and updating the inventory of all network hardware, Management and Monitoring by use of SSH, Syslog, SNMP, NTP.  ? Provide Tier1 technical support; assist users facing network problems and Perform advanced troubleshooting, diagnostics and provide tier/level-1 solutions to network failures.  Network Migration from RIP to OSPF and EIGRP.  ? Network infrastructure support to routing and switching equipment.  ? Generating RCA (Root Cause Analysis) for critical issues of layer1/layer2/layer3 problems  ? Performed network configuration corrections/upgrades of Cisco backbone and core routers, switches, Multiplexers and other network related devices using the OSI layer approach in live production environment.  ? Partner with Network Operations Vertical Business Units, NOC, Engineering, Product and our Vendor Partners to drive implementations, produce training and other initiatives required to prevent problems from reoccurring.  ? Composes and sends outage notifications, alerting and informing a wide audience (including executives) of high-risk network events and major customer-impacting incidents  ? Monitors traffic patterns to identify potential problem areas and escalate to take corrective action to implement short term adjustments as well as refer chronic problems to Engineering for permanent resolution.  ? Maintain excellent communication with the IT Manager on all tasks and projects. Technical Support Specialist III (Team Lead) Nolan Communications - Chesterfield, MO December 2010 to May 2013 Managed a team of 5 to 10 Tier 1 Technical Support agents  ? Provided coaching and counseling to develop and train employees to exceed department standards for productivity.  ? Perform highly complex provisioning and configuration issues, switch related issues, and network related issues on Cisco and Motorola routers, switches, AP's and other network related devices  ? Utilized advanced timely and efficient troubleshooting steps for problem resolution using OSI layer approach.  ? Handled all complex internet issues escalated from tier I support team  ? Communicated with all departments across company  ? Analyze and troubleshoot telephone, internet, and cable related issues efficiently and accordingly to provide the best customer service.  ? A Perform highly complex provisioning issues, phone switch related issues, and network issues Education BSBA in Information Systems University Missouri - St. Louis, MO December 2012 Skills ACTIVE DIRECTORY, CISCO, LAN/WAN, ROUTER, SWITCHING, VOIP, LINUX, OS 10, DATA MINING, ANDROID, SQL SERVER, POSTGRESQL, SQL, APPLICATION SOFTWARE, PYTHON, TABLEAU, TELECOMMUNICATIONS, ASSEMBLY, CUSTOMER SERVICE, SYSTEMS SUPPORT, Scheduling, Outlook, Word Certifications/Licenses Driver's License Additional Information Areas of Expertise  ? Project management and project implementation  ? Analysis and Reporting  ? Research, Auditing, and Validation  ? Spreadsheet & Dashboard Creation  ? Report and Document Preparation  ? Troubleshooting and Repairs  ? Customer Service  ? Process Improvement  ? Cisco Router/Switches  ? IT and Computer Systems Support  ? LAN/WAN networks  ? Telecommunications infrastructure  ? VOIP    Technical/Analytical Skills  Routing and Switching Operating Systems Hardware Skills Analytical Skill  -Cisco 1841, 2600 -Windows Server 2008-2012 -Computer Assembly -Microsoft Office  -WAN and LAN networks -Windows XP, 7, 8, Vista -Hardware and Software -PostgreSQL  -Cisco Access Points -Linux OS troubleshooting -SQL Server    -MAC OS 10.6 - Application software installation -Tableau 10.1  - Android OS - Installation -Modal Analytics  -Icomms -Hardware Installation -Python Programming  -Device - Data Mining    -Active Directory