Senior Business Analyst Senior Business Analyst Senior Business Analyst - Disney Heathrow, FL Detail oriented Portfolio Management professional experienced across multiple industries. Currently supporting four lines of business, with an active portfolio of $42M. Work Experience Senior Business Analyst Disney - Orlando, FL October 2018 to Present * Act as subject matter expert regarding overall status of entire portfolio, covering multiple business lines, and totaling over $42M in active projects.  ? Assist in portfolio management by collaborating with Project Manager/Mangers for project status, and overall project health.  * Provide comprehensive portfolio briefings to senior management to include initiatives in the funding process, active projects, as well as project accomplishments.  * Performed as Portfolio Analyst in securing $7M of capital funding for 6 initiatives in less than 4 months.  * Owned the annual capital planning for a Technology Infrastructure team totaling $12M, with a five-year plan grossing $42M.  * Produce monthly scorecard, inclusive of all lines of business within the portfolio.  ? Content includes accomplishments, availability metrics, and line of business roadmaps.  * Partnered with management to initiate merger of Technology and Digital teams.  * Identified areas of opportunity within the portfolio and developed action plans to address.  * Coordinated the creation of a new Technology Forum that allows for project teams to promote accomplishments, share lessons learned, and provide insight into new processes.  * Designated as hybrid role within the Planning, Strategy, and Integration team to complete various ad hoc initiatives such as:  ? Collaborated with Facilities Management team to understand current headcount and future headcount needs across the Disney Signature Experiences Technology teams.  ? Facilitated and coordinated the relocation of 100 technology resources in less than 30 days, with little impact to business deliverables.  ? Coordinated an action log among Directors to define ownership, status, and plan to resolve outstanding issues.  ? Worked with business partners to understand new initiatives and guide discussions to document the need, value case, and research industry analysis.  ? Provided business analyst services in defining process flows among multiple teams and in parallel with security and compliance partners. IT Project Manager II Kemper - Jacksonville, FL February 2017 to October 2018 * Assisted in development of Enterprise Portfolio Management, organizing a backlog of 180+ requests  ? Guided in prioritizing ranking of projects per team  ? Provided alignment of projects with overall strategic planning of corporate goals and objectives  ? Created executive dashboards displaying capacity  ? Instituted monthly portfolio updates for executive consumption  * Documented and trained on PMO best practices  * Audited schedules for completeness and proper creation and storage of artifacts  ? Reported on repeat offenders and scheduled review meetings for compliancy  * Managed RAID logs to prevent and mitigate risk  * Responsible for the implementation and delivery of projects on time, within budget and with appropriate quality expectations  ? Maintained and built out project schedule, worked with team leads to reserve resources and projected total effort needed to complete requirements  ? Defined scope and objectives  ? Status reporting at the executive level  * Experienced in Full SDLC  ? Managing functional, integration, database and regression testing  * Provided immediate updates to SharePoint, Planview, JIRA, and MS Project  * Scheduled environment deployments to align with business needs  * Crucial to delivering enterprise wide communications regarding new product offerings, and organizational change management messages Project Analyst Johnson & Johnson Vision Care - Jacksonville, FL November 2015 to February 2017 * Coordinated schedules and timelines between engineers and clinical trial staff  * Tracked development activities and managed multiple projects through data collection.  * Monitored time sensitive goals and objectives to exceed expectations  * Performs conceptual analysis and forecasting resource requirements  * Solving complex problems arising during ongoing projects  * Track plan cost versus actual cost to ensure budget adherence and the proper allocation of resources  * Conducts biweekly meetings to senior staff to share progress reports  * Utilized root cause analysis to define technical problems  * Worked closely with outside vendors to determine logistics, cost effective transactions, and contracts for use of proprietary information.  * Proficient in following established procedures, documentation collection, and making sure all products are in FDA clinical compliance.  * Defined and edited parameters needed for quality protocol development with principal investigators.  * Demonstrates understanding of quality systems  * Aided in research and development, in the formulation of new therapeutic medical device technology, using problem-solving skills to deliver under huge restraints. Quality Assurance Analyst/Chemist Revlon - Jacksonville, FL May 2015 to November 2015 * Improved current systems and processes through identifying evolving technologies.  * Conducted logistics support plans life cycle management maintenance and other relevant operations.  * Provided recommendations for improvements in regular reports documents and technical briefings.  * Analyzed bulk chemical shipment samples, as well as in-process goods and finished products under GMP regulations.  * Assessed claim payment impacts and accuracy rates on a regular basis.  * Supervised dispersal of bulk product through manufacturing operations to ensure minimal microbiological contamination  * Worked with technicians in development of bulk batches  * Reviewed raw material selection  * Operated and maintained analytical instrumentation and prepared lab reports summarizing findings.  * Adhered to FDA mandates, cGMP guidelines and internal quality-control policies, proficient in aseptic laboratory techniques.  * Responsible for mentoring production staff in quality to help reduce micro contamination issues. Insurance Verification Specialist Georgia Gastroenterology Group - Savannah, GA May 2014 to March 2015 * Coordinated patient data collation with various external referral sources.  * Initiated the pre-authorizations/pre-determinations for accurate insurance verification and processing to ensure patients receive treatment and medications within established patient/company standards.  * Maintained and revised procedural lists, control records and coded schemes to process source data  * Excellent familiarity with hospital and pharmacy environments  * Strong grasp of database integrity procedures  * Superior abilities with MS Office applications including Excel Access and Word  * Coordinated patient data collation with various external referral sources.  * Resolved disputes in collaboration with contract administrators.  * Maintained and conducted research in payer database. Education Bachelor of Science in Chemistry in Chemistry Savannah State University - Savannah, GA May 2015 Skills Organizational skills, Excellent organizational skills, Excel