Quality Assurance Coordinator Quality Assurance Coordinator Business Operations Specialist | Project Manager Austin, TX Analytical and creative thinker with 20 years of experience forging excellence in a diversity of cross-functional environments. Talent for identifying potential in processes and data, and implementing solutions that improve productivity while saving time and resources. Passionate about learning, innovation, collaboration, and improving efficiency of any project or process.    Core Competencies:  Content Management | Advanced Computer Systems | Microsoft Office Suite | Data Analysis | Information Management | Advanced Technical Skill | Project Management | Microsoft Excel / Word | Microsoft SharePoint | Google Suite / GSuite | Data Reporting | Workflow Management | Logistic Organization | Creative Problem Solving | Effective Communication | Strong Leadership | Analytical | Collaborative | Self-empowered | Forward Thinking | Proactive Initiative Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Quality Assurance Coordinator Superior HealthPlan - Austin, TX November 2017 to April 2019 National leader in healthcare coverage, departmental focus on HEDIS and Risk  Adjustment project activities to maintain compliance and increase care revenue for members.    • Reported to the Sr. Director of Quality Improvement & Risk Assessment with design, management, and reporting on data review processes for assuring accuracy and integrity of health service reports.  • Assisted Project Manager with creating and maintaining data and performance analysis reports to exceed regulatory and operational requirements throughout life of projects.  • Took ownership of content management for department's performance-centric SharePoint website, simplifying team and cross- departmental communication and increasing visibility of project performance.  • Created detailed data analysis reports for provider performance to Microsoft SharePoint reveal major factors affecting project results and outlined areas for  improvement during recurring project timelines.  • Data Reporting Client Services & Operations Project Manager MegaPath / GTT - Austin, TX June 2013 to February 2017 Multi-billion-dollar global business communication technology services to include secure networking and Pop cloud services for enterprises.    • Established cross-functional procedural knowledge-base and SOP training guides, reducing operational errors between teams, and increasing new-hire training efficiency.  • Coordinated service delivery types and project timelines for 15 multi-million-dollar clients and 3rd party vendors to ensure installation and operations conformed to national standards and customer requirements.  • Simplified representation of technical data for business leaders with invention of client-centric project reporting templates. Clear, color- coded status reports reduced frequency of conference calls, freeing up resources for project performance and process improvement activities.  • Awarded by Director as MVP for Excellence in Performance, for adaptability, willingness to expand knowledge/skills, and flexibility of taking on a range of roles with excellence. IT Support Administrator KGB / Verizon FiOS - San Antonio, TX February 2012 to April 2013 Feb - 2012 - Apr - 2013    3rd party vendor call center, serving the customer service needs of several  companies, departmental focus on administration level troubleshooting of residential, networking, communications, and television services.    • Performed advanced troubleshooting for client services via phone, remote desktop support, and escalation management from internal teams.  • Collaborated with cross-functional teams to reduce number of escalated issues through a first call resolution protocol and monitored  efficiency with quality assurance team members.  • Designed standardized data templates to simplify translation of Military Training technical terms and increase customer education, leading to fewer  escalations and less time wasted on out-of-scope troubleshooting.  • Made record improvements in departmental metric stats and assisted  team in data analysis, troubleshooting, and issue resolutions.  • Data Entry & Record-keeping Education Bachelor's in Business Administration and Management University of Phoenix - Phoenix, AZ Skills Quality Assurance, Quality Improvement, Document Control