IT Program Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Program Manager - Comcast Philadelphia, PA ? 8+ Years of IT Project Management Experience with expertise in Process and Program Management, Agile Practices and PMO Processes  ? Managed projects, budgets ranging from $ 1.5M to $ 7M  ? PMP Certified  ? Rally and HP PPM SME  ? Scrum ceremonies - User story consolidation, Backlog grooming, sprint planning, daily stand up and retrospective  ? Successfully managed and delivered an application development project worth $ 5M  ? Successfully managed and delivered 11 DW application maintenance releases and 25 DW major enhancements  ? Maximized resources and reduced costs through improved project resourcing process that ensured cross functional IT Resources were identified during early stage of Project Life Cycle  ? Increased overall PMO Efficiency, accuracy and productivity by more than 25% by establishing project management processes Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Program Manager Comcast - Philadelphia, PA April 2015 to Present Define and develop Program Level Process Improvement Initiatives.  ? Hosted sprint planning, backlog grooming, and design meetings with product owners and stakeholders where we defined requirements and translated the businesses needs into technical requirements; Ran daily scrums for all projects (Analysis, Data and Delivery), reported Program level updates to the necessary teams, creating documentation, and slide updates.  ? Served as a Scrum Master in an Agile environment for the Product Engineering Team supporting application development  ? Create Tableau reports for analysis  ? Initiate and facilitate project kick-off activities. Manage dependencies between the Scrum teams and third parties or between the Scrum teams. Run projects in the Scrum and Kanban methodologies.  ? Created yearly roadmaps  ? Rally Tool Admin  ? Working as a Project Manager: Network Traffic Key Performer Indicators (KPI): which is a visual representation of all network traffic. This is a web based dashboard where you can see traffic flowing, see demands, pain points and ultimately forecast data.  Environment/Technology -Analytics/Tableau/Agile/MS Office/Rally/Jira/SQL IT Project Management Accenture - Newark, DE November 2013 to April 2015 Client: Bank of America    ? Portfolio, Project and Service Management support for the client  ? Ensure accurate project budgets, forecasts and accruals within PDWare  ? Create Tableau reports for analysis  ? Create Kerberos Id on ARM Tool for access to Hadoop Space  ? Manage, plan and execute projects of cross-functional teams, third-party contractors/consultants, to deliver projects within budget, schedule, resource, and quality constraints  ? Proactively improving the project timeline by tracking schedule and budget  ? Served as a Scrum Master in an Agile environment for Data Migration Projects  ? Hosted Sprint Planning, Daily Scrum and Retrospective meetings. Used Planning Poker as one of the mechanisms for User Story Estimation  ? Establish and execute project communication, meeting facilitation and presentation  Environment/Technology - Big Data Analytics/Scrum Master/Tableau/MS Office/Share point IT Project Manager, Application Development Accenture - Stamford, CT January 2013 to November 2013 Client: Starwood Hotels & Resorts    ? Worked as an IT Project Manager for Mobile Permissions, Handling a budget of 5 million dollars  ? Managed a team of 44 resources who are located globally  ? Created an information technology project plan that communicated tasks, milestone dates, and status and resource allocation using the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) methodology.  ? Managing Schedule, Resources, Forecast, Budget, Scope Change, Risk and Issues for the project  ? Publish weekly and monthly status reports for review with Accenture/Starwood leadership  ? Successfully deployed 22 applications within Budget and Schedule  ? Conduct Stage Gate Review for all applications  ? Worked as a Project Manager for Project Summit which is a continuous improvement program across Starwood. Project Summit is the collaborative effort of Starwood and Accenture to continue the pursuit of high performance IT. The project consists of 41 strategic initiatives across six capabilities (Demand Management, Delivery Management, Application Management, Operations Management, IT People Management and IT Security Management) intended to support continuous improvement of the delivery of IT solutions  Environment/Technology - Waterfall/Java/MS Office/Share point IT Project Management Scrum Master - Stamford, CT October 2011 to January 2013 Client: Starwood Hotels & Resorts    ? Managed a budget of 1.5 Million dollars  ? Closely working with the BRMs and BA's to do release planning, incorporate enhancements and problem tickets for a DW maintenance release  ? Served as a Scrum Master in an Agile environment for an application development team  ? User story consolidation, Backlog grooming, sprint planning, daily stand up and retrospective.  ? Successfully managed and delivered over 11 releases and 25 Major Enhancements  ? Managed a team of 22 resources who are based onshore and offshore  ? Coordination between project managers and developers for Estimates, capacity planning and resource allocation  ? Proactively manage, track and resolve risks, issues and changes. Present periodic Dashboard reports on the current program  ? Lead scrum calls with onshore/offshore teams  ? HP PPM Tool SME  Environment/Technology - Agile/Scrum Master/DWH/MS Office/SQL IT Project Management Accenture - Bangalore, Karnataka December 2009 to October 2011 Bangalore/Houston/London  Client: British Petroleum    ? Creating a monthly dash board for the ILT members to view the status of the Program with regards to Finance, Schedule, Benefits and Functionality  ? SharePoint: SharePoint Admin for the account, Designing the front end, Creating view and document repository  ? Resource Management: Creating Demand vs. Supply analysis spreadsheet on a monthly basis for budgeting and forecasting  ? Sales support for energy based industry in creating RFP's  Environment/Technology - SDLC/SAP/MS Office/Sharepoint PMO, Project Coordinator IBM - Chennai, Tamil Nadu August 2009 to December 2009 Chennai, India  Client: Pfizer    ? SAMS: Capacity planning, tracking costs, time reconciliations & demand management for the client  ? S4: Liaison between vendors & project to meet sourcing requirements. Quarterly dashboard/scorecard reports  Environment/Technology - SDLC/DWH/ MS Office Assistant Professor, Intern Alagappa University - Bangalore, Karnataka September 2007 to August 2009 Bangalore, India    ? Worked part time as a math professor in Alagappa University Project Management EPMO - Bangalore, Karnataka October 2008 to February 2009 Accenture, Bangalore, India  Client: British Petroleum    ? Service Management reporting including Backlog review, Training scheduled, process improvements etc  ? Monthly SLA Performance Metrics reports  Environment/Technology - SDLC/SAP/MS Office Process Executive, IT Specialist Progeon Limited - Bangalore, Karnataka August 2004 to February 2005 Bangalore, India  Client: British Telecom    ? Worked in the outbound process area where we had to make calls to the customers and explain about resolved complaints they had raised previously  ? Receive calls from the customers and effectively handle the problem and fix it  ? Identify the root cause of the problem by performing several test cases and fix it  ? If the problem cannot be resolved, coordinate with the right person/engineer and get the problem fixed Education Masters in Computer Applications Bangalore University July 2005 to July 2008 Bachelors in Science Bangalore University June 2001 to June 2004 Certifications/Licenses PMP December 2019