Project Lead/Senior Service Technician <span class="hl">Project</span> Lead/Senior Service Technician Network Analysts/Administrator Sacramento, CA Cisco and CompTIA certified networking professional with knowledge in VLAN, BGP, MPLS, DHCP, DNS, VTP, Access Control lists, and many other protocols and services. Looking to obtain a networking position with opportunity for growth. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Lead/Senior Service Technician NWN Corporation - Sacramento, CA March 2018 to Present •Perform rack and stack of client infrastructure.  •Update MDS, Clonezilla, and ghost servers.  •Lead large infrastructure deployments for various governmental agencies.  •Manage Windows deployment server.  •Travel extended periods of time on customer projects.  •Ensure safe treatments and removal of customer's confidential data.  •Coordinate the appropriate amount of resources need to satisfy project needs.  •Various helpdesk tasks and documenting the problem ticket. IT Network Suport/ Project Manager Field Nation/ Freelance - Sacramento, CA January 2017 to Present •Install and configure network equipment(routers, switches, and APs)  •Rack and stack network equipment.  •Network cable termination and testing using cable tester  •Install, upgrade, and troubleshoot point of sale and Self checkout systems   •Desktop/laptop hardware builds and imaging   •Identify and resolve customer's problems through research and troubleshooting techniques   •Customer Support and User training   •data back-up and transfer PC Network Technician(Contractor) Northrop Grumman - McClellan, CA October 2017 to February 2018 •Interview clients to identify special considerations and other settings  •Document all issues and generate reports detailing common problems and error trends using ticketing system  •Use vFire ticketing system to manage problem tickets  •Meet weekly Service Level Agreement(SLA)  •Use of PC tool kit and follow proper grounding procedures   •Diagnose, install, configure, and repair computer systems.  •Resolve technical issues for clients in person, through remote desktop, email, and on the phone..  •Manage network devices using SCCM and Active Directory  •Navigate through various systems while on the phone with customer  •Managed incoming and outgoing assets   •Collaborate with teammates to identify process improvements. Field Service Technician Lead DirecTV Inc - Sacramento, CA September 2012 to January 2015 • Planned the day's routes by mapping out customers' location and contacting each customers informing them of my E.T.A.  • Established satellite connection with TV by programming each satellite receiver and calibrating satellite with highest signal possible  • Explained company offerings to promote products and services to clients.  • Programmed and troubleshoot devices following installation.  • Repaired malfunctioning system components.  • Documented each installation in company log book. Education High School Diploma Sierra Nueva High School - Sacramento, CA June 2005 Skills Admin tools(SCCM and Active Directory) (Less than 1 year), Remote Desktop Protocol (2 years), Networking TCP/UDP Protocols (2 years), Routing protocol(OSPF,RIP, AND EIGRP) (Less than 1 year), Active Directory DC (1 year), Switching(VTP, STP, ether-channels, etc.) (Less than 1 year), Network Administration (Less than 1 year), Access Control List (Less than 1 year) Certifications/Licenses CompTIA A+ May 2017 to May 2020 Active Directory User Management June 2017 to Present Professional training in Active Directory Domain Controller Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA) August 2019 to August 2022