Technical Project Manager Technical <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Technical Project Manager - GDIT Silver Spring, MD Work Experience Technical Project Manager GDIT - Falls Church, VA 2016 to Present Responsible for leading project team members during the implementation of client facing and OCIO Desktop/Data Center migrations, Software as a Service Deployments, IT Service Management/Help Desk Implementations, and IT Asset Management projects including requirements gathering, process design, system configuration, testing, and go-live. Lead efforts to develop, maintain, revise, and distribute comprehensive project management plans for assigned IT projects and initiatives, accounting for internal and external dependencies, resource, costs, schedule constraints and risks. Analyze program and project requirements to collaboratively define program and project scope, goals, objectives and deliverables in collaboration with senior management and stakeholders, to support GDIT priorities and business goals. IT Manager/ Project Manager Zoom Marketing Partners July 2018 to December 2018 Serve as Primary point of contact for all IT related requests and issues. Responsible for planning and migrating cloud infrastructure from Google Suite to Office 365 E5 platform including migration to Exchange 365, SharePoint, Microsoft Teams, and Azure. Director of IT Services Media Star Promotions - Baltimore, MD 2010 to 2016 * Migration: Oversaw portfolio of migration projects impacting 12k+ users across 97 different sites on time and under budget.  * Salesforce to ServiceNow Migration: Oversaw and fast-tracked Salesforce to ServiceNow project that resulted in $1,000,000 in synergy savings    Media Star Promotions, Baltimore MD  Director of IT Services, 2010 - 2016  Oversaw and directed day-to-day activities of helpdesk and contracted staff, ensuring that systems, services, and infrastructure work reliably and securely at all times. Established an operations schedule that ensures the full efficient and consistent operation of IT services. Lead efforts to ensure all required processes, procedures, and documentation are in place and enforced. Manage all aspects of technical projects from inception to completion. Provide guidance and leadership to staff, directly supports end users by handling escalations, resolving user issues, and monitoring the performance of business-critical systems to prevent delays and outages and quickly resolve ongoing issues  Key Achievements:  * VMware Migration: Reduced yearly operational costs by 20% through comprehensive consolidation and migration of physical servers to VMware virtual environment.    Contractual Project Manager Johns Hopkins Hospital - Baltimore, MD 2011 to 2013 Directed all aspects of web development projects, including overseeing project resources, milestones and performance as compared to the project plan, scope, budget, resources and schedule. Responsible for leading requirements gathering and review sessions with Community Advisory Board.    Technical Proficiencies & Skills  Project Management, Microsoft Office 365 Applications, including Microsoft PowerPoint, Excel, Project, and Visio, SharePoint, Service Now, Active Directory, SCCM, . ITIL Foundations Knowledge, Risk Management, Data gathering and analysis skills, oral and written communication skills, VMware, Riverbed, AWS, ServiceNow Education MBA University of Maryland University College - Adelphi, MD Skills Outlook, Maintenance, budget, Scheduling, Estimating Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) Driver's License Additional Information Core Competencies:  • Full Life Cycle Project Management  • Migrations / Implementations  • Cost Management  • Client/Stakeholder Relationships    • Strategic Planning and Implementation  • Cross-Functional Team Leadership  • Problem Resolution / Troubleshooting  • Process Improvements