Deputy IT Manager Deputy <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Deputy IT Manager - Swiss Diamond Hotel Prishtina New York, NY Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Deputy IT Manager Swiss Diamond Hotel Prishtina - Prishtine, Kosovo January 2017 to May 2019 Install/Configure and Manage servers, routers, switches, security appliances  (Avaya, HP, MicroTik & Juniper)  Create and maintain AD Group Policy settings.  Monitor network systems to detect service down-age and/or failures in power  communications equipment, software and hardware  Install/Configure and Manage on-premise Vmware/Vsphere applications, and Cloud Enviroment for Hosting and Backup/Recovery Systems (AWS).  Provide all the neccesary tools and support to Web Development team  regaring cloud hosting/domain enviroment.  Manage AD users and emails (G Suite).  Configure Backup & Discovery systems using latest technologies (AWS,  Veeam, Symantec and Barracuda).  Respoisible for IT Asset Management.  Maintain Contact with Support Comapnies regarding specific softwares  (Opera, Micros POS, TNG and MC).  Install/Configure servers for IPTV Services (Samsung REACH solutions).  Install/Configure Avaya PBX system, IP-Phones and IP-Dects.  Experience with Asterisk PBX, FreePBX, Issabel and Billing solutions. Web Development Project Manager Swiss Diamond Hotel Prishtina - Prishitne, Kosovo April 2012 to May 2019 Prishtina    Plan, coordinate, supervise and review the activities of a web development  team working in the design and developent of the Hotel Website  Responsible for preparing and estabilishing web standards.  Coordinate the planning, testing and implementings of the website. ICT Expert Assistant GIZ - Prishtina May 2017 to July 2017 European Union - Election observation mission Operations Analyst Swiss Diamond Hotel Prishtina - Prishtine, Kosovo September 2013 to January 2017 Prishtina    Evaluating, analysing and reporting on the effectiveness of all hotel sales & marketing activities and advise on key learnings to aid future activity decision.  Analysing volume and rate performance on an ongoing basis for input into marketing activity for driving further revenue.  Perform competitive benchmark studies, following market trends, utilisation of business intelligence tools and maintenance of group wide information  systems  Regularly check the input and the quality of data points (Micros POS, Opera ..) IT Systems Administrator Swiss Diamond Hotel Prishtina October 2011 to March 2013 Prishtina, Kosovo    Installation, configuration, and maintenance tasks for Windows and/or Linux  systems.  Support for workstations, servers, application software, phone systems, and IPTV issues.  Performing general troubleshooting to assist with diagnosing network and system related issues.  Support the IT Asset Management process including ordering, purchase  requisitions, receiving, validating invoices.  Provide Hotel Guests and Colleagues with 1st Line technical support.  Troubleshoots Internet access problems Website Developer American Chamber of Commerce in Kosovo May 2010 to June 2010 Design/Develop and Maintain a Specific Section of the website. Education Associate in Computer Science AAB University - Prishtine October 2009 to Present Skills Microsoft Office (10+ years), PHP (1 year), Adobe (2 years), Avaya PBX (7 years), Mikrotik Network Equipments (3 years), Avaya Network Equipments (5 years), Windows Server 2008 (3 years), Windows Server 2012 (3 years), Microsoft OS (10+ years), Linux (3 years), IPTV (5 years), VOIP (7 years), Exchange, Vmware, Security, Active Directory, LAN, VPN, DNS, firewalls, Networking, AWS (5 years), Micros POS (7 years), Micros Opera PMS (7 years), Micros MC (7 years), Samsung REACH (3 years), Servers (8 years), Google Docs (5 years), G Suite (5 years), Veeam (5 years), System Administration (7 years), Symantec (5 years) Certifications/Licenses Micros Pos Training February 2012 to Present Micros POS Training - Certificate of Attendance Opera PMS Training February 2012 to Present Opera PMS Training - Certificate of Attendance Bellavita February 2012 to Present Bellavita Training - Certificate of Attendance Materials Control February 2012 to Present Materials Control Training - Certificate of Attendance Additional Information Top Skills Experienced IT Administrator with a demonstrated history of working  Photoshop in the hospitality industry. Skilled in Networks, Clound Enviroment,  Illustrator Hardware Architecture, Management, and Teamwork. Strong  Network Architecture operations professional with a Bachelor Studies focused in Computer  Systems Networking and Telecommunications from Universiteti  AAB.