NETWORK ENGINEER NETWORK ENGINEER NETWORK ENGINEER Work Experience NETWORK ENGINEER AT&T - Atlanta, GA April 2019 to August 2019 This contract was completed in 2 phases.  First Phase: We traveled the US to 73 sites doing site surveys consisting of trouble assessments, problem area  identification including interviews with current staff and scope of current hardware.    Second Phase: After evaluation of each site, we traveled the US doing site remediation as well as remote  Engineering with On Site Support.  The basic action items were to replace existing Cisco 3750's with 3850's to act as Distribution Switches and  9300's to act as Access Switches while moving the existing L3 function from the Routers to the new 3850's.  This included breaking apart the existing 3750's config to separate stacks, doing cable mapping and port  identification which included Trunking where needed and setting a description for each port.  All sites completed under contract scope. Network Engineer DLH - Atlanta, GA March 2018 to November 2018 Currently lead a 2 man IT Department for 1400 employees and 2 locations.  I use 5525's, 5520's and 5510's with supporting Cisco Switches (3750, 2960, etc.)  We have 1/2 VoIP and 1/2 DID which will be changed to VoIP soon.  Installing Source Fire and will be replacing the 5520's with 5525's in the near future.  Created a library of all our configs, reconfigured our power on the Servers to balance them out on separate  UPSes.  Manage Security  Handle all the desktops and Printers  Utilizing VMware and Hyper -V.  Am continuing my training as always. Lead Implementation Engineer Horizon River Technologies - Atlanta, GA January 2017 to June 2017 United States  Lead Engineer over 5 techs. Developed processes and policies for the implementation of Meraki Firewalls, Switches and Access Points for 1200 sites across the US for the Technical team.  Hire and Train Tier 2, Tier 1 Engineers and Admins for the troubleshooting and structuring the roll-out and tracking of any QA issues.  Schedule tech's for all time zones, standby and weekend coverage as the roll-out occurs.  Interface with localized Help Desk and the NOC.  Maintain congruence between the Telecom Group, the on-site techs, the Customer and Upper Management.  Develop testing protocols for problem areas to correct for the betterment of the project and with the agreement of the Customer. Developed and ran test beds for different sorts of anomalies that arose during the  course of the roll-out.  Led communication with stakeholders regarding product goals and progress made  Password Changes  Firewall replacement including testing and verification of correct routing  Core switch upgrade including correct switch configuration  Office 365 Migration (low-end helper)  Internal WiFi installation and maintenance. Network Security Engineer Bennett IG - McDonough, GA August 2016 to January 2017 Implement ASA 5516X's and ASA 5506x's and merge them into Firepower.  Manage and monitor network traffic and security issues for 900 users.  Analyze the current network and suggest improvements for security and efficiency.  Build a matrix and suggest a replacement of the existing email filter.  Learn and implement and monitor Carbonblack, a malware detection.  Design a plan to upgrade all the existing switches and all the existing firewalls to a current level.  Mentor other Techs on the best practice to do specific tasks.  Map entire network including building a library of configs.  Firewall replacement including proper routes  Core Switching upgrade including standard Switch configuration  Firepower Services including proper Routing  AMP for Endpoints (proposed and tested)  Password Changes  Security Awareness Program  Disaster Recovery Migration  Implement Veeam Backup (assist and proof)  Office 365 Migration (proof concept)  DMZ Implementation Training Camp CCNA +Security 2004 NACC 2013 to 2016 CCNA 2002 GTC Citrix  and Advanced Citrix 2005 CNE Version 6 2005 CCA Citrix 1997 Astron Training - MCSE courses (4.0) 1996  Knowledge Alliance - MCSE courses IT Manager Lockheed Martin - Jacksonville, AR July 2013 to October 2015 Managed 6 employees as well as a Hands-on IT Manager in a 500 user and 3 remote site environment.  Tasked with maintaining and orchestrating an entire refresh of Routers, Firewalls, Switches, Servers and PCs and doing the Project Management of this activity and the build while teaching my subordinates the finer points  of Server Administration and Network Engineering. All equipment is past end of life by 5 years. (refresh was  6.5 Million Dollars in equipment, labor and training)  Manage Juniper Firewalls, Routers and IDPs.  Upgrade Juniper firewall to Cisco firewall including correct and additional routes  Extreme and Cisco core and edge switches including enhancing switching, Dell Servers.  BGP and MPLS Circuits including routing  Managing maintenance of all past end-of-life equipment in the form of firmware upgrades and managed repair.  2K, 2K3, 2K8 and 2012 Servers.  Instituted Backups, Antivirus and Windows Updates where before there were none.  Gave the Department direction and raised the perception of the Department amongst users.  Manage and execute inventory.  Oversee Access to SQL conversion project.  NetApp Storage Upgrade (Dell)  Core Switching Upgrade  Firewall Replacement  DMZ Implementation  Password Changes  Disaster Recovery Migration  Dial Plan & DID's  Security Awareness Program  Implement Veeam Backup & Recovery Volunteer Executive Director Narconon - Melbourne VIC March 2013 to May 2013 Australia  Volunteered at a Drug Rehab as Executive Director in Melbourne, Australia. The Facility housed 50 Students and  35 Staff.Was instrumental in bringing many needed repairs to the facility resulting in an enhancement bettering a difficult time in the lives of the Students and Staff. Network Engineer Capgemini - Norcross, GA September 2012 to March 2013 Locate, set up, order and configure circuits for existing and new business needs.  Diagram existing and proposed architectures to fit Customer needs and requirements for a financial company.  Investigate new technologies and submit proposals in an effort to keep pace with the world market.  Secure and assign IP, NAS, SAN and VIPs for new builds. Cultivate and submit port and firewall needs and access.  Work under time constraints in a 5-9's environment.  Manage and use Change Management System; Remedy.  Password Changes  DMZ Implementation  Firewall Replacement  Core Switching Upgrade  Disaster Recovery Migration IT CONSULTANT - NETWORK ADMINISTRATOR BREWSTER CONSULTING - Los Angeles, CA April 2009 to May 2012 Serve as a "one-person IT department" for small- to medium-sized businesses that lack the resources to maintain a full-time IT department.  Able to perform a variety of functions from systems administration and network/desktop support to deploying and troubleshooting systems and much more.  Act as technical project manager by creating Service Level Agreements (SLAs) to determine problem  resolution and response timelines.  From top-to-bottom, ensure projects are completed according to specs and budgets.  Upgrade the LANs (Server and PC's) of business and medical offices including anti-virus solutions and malware solutions with backups.  Install software, deployed client systems, and troubleshot all connectivity issues.  Install and upgrade offices with Citrix, Install and upgrade offices of varying tasks which ranged from malware  rescues to complete office overhauls.  This includes submitting business proposals with rack drawings and floor layouts, power, and A/C  requirements.  Complete infrastructure design of equipment and specialized security such as cable design.  Installed various systems ranging from weekends to four-day installs, which included Citrix installs of 4.0 and upgrades from 1.0 to 4.0.  Provided initial site surveys, project management, testing, installation, and implementation for a variety of IT  initiatives.  Created new server builds and site specific implementations covering single- to multi-server farms, data  centers, and LAN/WAN builds.  Core Switch Upgrades  Server Upgrades  Security Awareness Programs TECHNICAL PROJECT MANAGER Password Changes - Los Angeles, CA January 2008 to March 2009 Developed efficient processes to select and order WiFi equipment for installation at more than seven thousand  stores. This initiative included:  Responsible for ensuring the selection, ordering, installation and operation of each individual piece of equipment at the client's on-site location.  Generated PO's for each order and ensures that all of them were issued consistently with the installation  schedule. Verified errors were addressed and corrected properly.  Made certain that the equipment for each order was on-hand, including returns and spares.  Ensured that paperwork and invoices were received in a timely manner. Key Achievement:  Due to careful resource and asset management, the project stayed under budget and we accomplished a 90%  install within the calendar year, exceeding the project goal. The team received many accolades from upper  management.    E  BACHELOR OF SCIENCE: Electronics Engineering  ENGINEERING STUDIES, University of Buffalo ATC - Buffalo, NY