IT Project Manager / IT Specialist <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> / <span class="hl">IT</span> Specialist IT Project Manager / IT Specialist - Worthen Industries Nashua, NH Effectively leads cross-functional teams in the development and implementation of project plans, ensuring projects are consistently completed on time and within budget. Work Experience IT Project Manager / IT Specialist Worthen Industries - Nashua, NH May 2016 to Present Deliver strong leadership to a cross-functional team responsible for delivering a shop floor tool project, overseeing the execution of each phase of the project. Responsible for the direction of 12 team members, delivering all aspects of IT solutions, communications, business information, and business information projects. Collaborate on key business strategies to develop and execute initiatives that support business goals and long-term vision. Lead projects, and continually communicate project status with key stakeholders.  • Create more accurate product labeling and documentation and automate processes by creating digital logs of production reports. Also implement an automated machine downtime reporting system with integration to the ticketing system, resulting in increased response time by 75%.  • Execute real-time schedule changes and automate scrap/yield/down-time tracking, resulting in a 25% increase in schedule attainment, more than 50% increase in machine uptime.  • Analyze and deliver historical data/Business Intelligence for business unit management.  • Implement a 2D barcode system on the shop floor and warehouse, resulting in increased inventory transaction time by five times, while improving inventory accuracy from 70% to 98%.  • Lead system configuration, hardware upgrade project, over-allocating shared resources to ensure adequate resource allocation on the shop floor, reducing downtime by 95%. Applications / Network Engineer Teledom Intl. Limited - Lagos, NG July 2014 to May 2016 Collaborated with key stakeholders on technical projects through analysis, design, development, and delivery. Contributed to the design and development of applications and led the implementation of new initiatives to increase client satisfaction and organization-wide efficiency. Worked closely with network architects to maximize network performance and troubleshooting.  • Led and motivated team effectiveness in IOT and led the development of a robust eLearning product, Smart Classroom, resulting in 100% client satisfaction.  • Conducted market research and analysis to understand customer and market opportunities.  • Led the integration of cross-functional teams to develop a security network operation system (SNOS), surpassing sales forecast by 20%. IT Business Analyst / Software Engineer Piswitch Limited February 2013 to July 2014 Collaborated with leadership to identify opportunities to improve the customer experience and strategies to reduce costs. Delivered software requirements to programmers and web developers to resolve major software needs. Created and documented system processes for end users.  • Worked with leadership team to develop solutions that decreased costs by implementing multiple global computing solutions.  • Designed and executed a solution to create and track to-do lists for the sales team, resulting in increased productivity in turn sales by 15%.  • Supervised UAT (User Acceptance Testing) planning, documentation, and tester training, resulting in a 50% reduction in UAT test cycle time through the use of risk-based testing approach and on-time Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC)/ project delivery. IT Administrator / IT Customer Support Teledom Intl. Limited - Lagos, NG May 2011 to February 2013 Effectively managed daily operations, installation, configuration, provisioning, backup, and maintenance of systems hardware, software and related infrastructure. Ensured that all system hardware, operating systems, software systems, and related procedures adhered to organizational standards. Delivered the highest level of service; technical, end-user, and customer support.  • Delivered meticulous cable management, preventive security measures, and scheduled preventive maintenance to reduce technical incidents by 80%.  • Designed and developed an efficient ticket monitoring system, increasing response time to 100%. Education Master of Science in Information Technology in Information Technology Southern New Hampshire University - Manchester, NH 2017 Diploma in Web Development Shaw Academy 2016 Bachelor of Engineering in Electronic Engineering in Electronic Engineering University of Nigeria Nsukka 2012 Skills SYSTEMS ANALYSIS, TIME MANAGEMENT, RELATIONSHIP BUILDING, STRATEGY PLANNING, PROCESS IMPROVEMENT, Information Technology, SDLC, Software Development, PMP, Strategic Planning, Customer Service, Network Administration Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/kingsley-a-a8944b93 Additional Information Highlights of Expertise  • Project Management • Relationship Building • Interpersonal Skills  • Team Leadership • Organization/Multi-Tasking • Systems Implementation  • Superior Time Management • Troubleshooting • Strategy Planning  • Systems Analysis • Process Improvement • Cross-Functional Collaboration