Special Project Team Operations Supervisor Special <span class="hl">Project</span> Team Operations Supervisor Availability Jan 2020, Possible Internship Oct-Dec. Vine Grove, KY Information Technology Specialist who is seeking to transition into the child social services field. Currently completing my MS in Child and Adolescent Psychology, to strengthen the passion I possess for working with children. I have a comprehensive background in program, personnel and data management; disaster planning and recovery; physical and communication security; logistics derived from conducting domestic and global operations, allowing me the flexibility to adapt and function in diverse environments. I am also a motivated trainer, with excellent communication skills who is willing to learn new skills which will benifit company objectives. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Special Project Team Operations Supervisor U.S. Army 2016 to Present Serves as Operation Supervisor directly to Program Director and Deputy Director of a DoD enterprise level IT project Team, providing leadership, oversight and guidance for the day-to-day operations.  Coordinate and synchronizes all aspects of project; automate and modernize Army accessions processes; facilitates engagement of all organizational stakeholders and senior C-Suite personnel.  Ensures end-result is an enterprise-class solution which leverages cutting-edge technologies; fulfills mobility needs and provides a Common Operational Picture for accessions leaders.  Researches, gathers and compiles technical information and diagrams necessary for project completion; accountable for all associated facilities and over $100K of equipment.    o Manages logistics for program events to include calendar, travel and conferences in collaboration with invested parties  o Monitors, manages, and oversees program budget expenditures, requirements and procurements  ? Provides administrative, managerial and technical support for systems, processes, communications, meetings etc.  o Establishes trust of 12 DoD level command resulting in open communications amongst senior C-Suite personnel Information Technology ( IT) Helpdesk Supervisor U.S. Army 2015 to 2016 Served as Information System Staff Supervisor for government organization, providing secure and non-secure voice, data, and Local Area Network (LAN);  Supervised the operation, maintenance, and troubleshooting of both distribution and access switches, file servers, and applications servers valued at over $400K;  Created, managed and transitioned user accounts, mailboxes and network printers; supervised and compiled network security scans; ensured the safety, morale, health, welfare and professional development of 36 staff members.    o Simultaneously managed helpdesk operations as the IT supervisor while serving as organization manager  o Oversaw all logistics for the movement of over 120 personnel in support of organization mission  o Assisted seven subordinate organizations with resolution of communication security issues  o Improved and applied processes for human resources metrics resulting in increased timeliness of administrative actions  o Operated independently due to demonstrated use of sound judgment; adaptive solutions facilitated task completion Communication Security Account Manager U.S. Army 2013 to 2015 Served as the COMSEC Account Manager (CAM) for government organization;  Trained, handled and processed the security and maintenance of Communication Security (COMSEC) Controlled Cryptographic Items (CCI), physical and electronic keys throughout six subordinate organizations; Maintained equipment in excess of $30,000;  Maintained working Emergency Evacuation and Relocation plans and procedures for all accountable items, inventories and backups; oversaw secure transfer policies of all materials; Ensured 24-hour availability of COMSEC support. Updated and enforced COMSEC Standard Operating Procedures (SOP), providing clarifications, efficiency and streamlined customer support processes. Maintained and conducted over 24 communication and IT compliance security inspections, concentrating of five essential areas ensuring all divisions were complying with DoD security standards. Ensured accountability and destruction of 515 line items used for the keying and control of CCI, 100% inventory of all assets with zero security violations. Maintained accountability for communications security for six Battalions on proper handling, destruction and control of keying material. Established standard for organization's outdated COMSEC processes, resulting in 120% turn in rate and zero return to stock items. Trained 6 organizations on proper handling, destruction and control of keying material. Provided support for over 15 training exercises for 6 BNs and visiting commands. Education Master's in Child and Adolescent Development Psychology Cappella University June 2020 Bachelor's in Legal Studies University of Maryland University College March 2012 Skills C-Suite relations, Microsoft Office, Communication Security (COMSEC) (10+ years), Experienced Multitasker, Produce Under Pressure, Detailed Oriented, Proven Leader / Problem Solver, Audio Visual Support, Customer Focused Support, Office Management, Logistics Management, Information Security, Telecommunications Specialist Military Service Branch: United States Army Rank: SFC