Delivery Manager/ IT Risk Delivery <span class="hl">Manager</span>/<span class="hl">IT</span> Risk Franklin Park, NJ Work Experience Delivery Manager/ IT Risk Deutsche Bank - Jersey City, NJ Present Served as a Delivery Manager; managing team of over 20+ client application engineers from offshore and on-site with core responsibilities on client liaison, requirements analysis, project design, SOW deliverable for targeted book of work (BOW) in Change the Bank(CTB) and Run the Bank(RTB) initiatives on service budget.  • Managed and developed Project Scope, Timeline, Project Staffing, Resource planning, Cost Breakdown and collaborated with various teams on deployment/release.  • Managed portfolio budgets up to $6 million.  • Created project estimation plans and estimation of work breakdown on multiple work streams across regulatory & compliance audit controls.  • Ensured integrity and delivery of multiple projects with respect to time, budget, scope, change, risk and resources.  • Assisted documentation of new tooling and TOR's for BAU, Onboarding and Development work-streams as well as deliverable prioritization rules and supporting resource capability mapping for ad-hoc change, 'books of work' and future service growth.  • Ensured quality and governance to mitigate risk on banking applications on meeting compliancy requirement on regulatory programs/controls such as MAS IT05/12 & TRM6, US FRB, BaFin, KPMG, Internal Audit, SAS and SOx.  • Managed corrective workflow aimed at the identified IT Risk elements based on ISO27001 and COBIT.  • Managed critical and highly visible regulatory compliance program, successfully on-boarding desired applications, analyzing current state, gaps and solutions for all system access in production, DR and UAT environments within the bank meeting deadlines and audit requirements.  • Designed and developed data masking report program to mask data on non-production environment(SAP) for over 15 applications globally within the bank.  • Developed and maintained dashboard of issues (reported to senior management). Managed both reactive root-cause analysis and proactive trend analysis regarding this effort.  • Implemented Program level document repository / Project Tracking tool (Share Point) and managed privileges / access rights.  Value Add:  • Accomplished by reducing Banks risk on monitored environments and closed Risk assessment ( IT Audit Findings).  • Onboarded over 1200+ applications across bank-wide globally with GRC tools such as Code Comparison, Data Masking, Source Code Review, Powerbroker and Access Control to remediate audit risk. Project Manager Smartsoft Mobile Solutions - Atlanta, GA June 2009 to March 2014 Served as a Project Manager, handling multiple projects simultaneously in successfully delivering consumer(B2C) and enterprise(B2B) mobile/online applications for below listed clients.  Clients  Duration  Budget  Value Add  Havertys Furniture Cos., Inc.  Feb 12 – Mar 14  $350K  ? Store Associates benefited with Instant mobile access to Product info, availability and delivery schedule.  ? Increased store order sales significantly.  Home Depot Canada  Oct 10 – Sep 13  $600K  ? Rated among Top 5 iPad applications on iTunes App store in Canadian market upon initial release.  ? Improved shopping experience for customer which increased in online order through iPad apps.  Hobby Lobby  Apr 12 – Jun 13  $450K  ? Replaced hard copy store order processing; deployed in 514 Stores across 3000+ Users.  ? Business improved with better efficiency on store order management.  Safe-Guard Products International, LLC  Oct 11 - Mar 12  $250K  ? Application utilized by over 200 automobile dealers to process their customer claims.  ? Business benefited with improved claim process and real time info.  The Home Depot USA  Apr 10 - Oct 12  $1.6 Million  ? Improved shopping experience for customers on mobile devices.  Vivido Labs  Aug 09 – Mar 10  $500K  ? Product development.    • Expressed purpose of creating outstanding B2C and B2B mobile applications and providing best-in-class consulting services on creating innovative mobile solutions, the company grew rapidly as my team delivered solution and service to above listed clients.  • Responsible for tracking deliverables; obtain client consensus with solution proposal; delivering exceptional skills in analyzing, facilitating, prototyping, documenting requirements, design and development.  • Served as Project Manager/ Solution Architect; Responsible for Client Relationship, Identify/Define Requirement, Budgeting, Project Plan/Timeline, Resource Allocation/Manage and Release schedule.  • Defined project management templates to increase the transparency across multiple applications to track costing/timeline and to reduce impact on the project schedules and quality deliverables. Responsible for the development and execution of the technology strategy for customer facing solutions.  • Involved in identifying Project Risk in terms of Cost, Timeline and Release impact.   • Developed a standardized reporting process and templates by gaining knowledge across multiple applications developed during project duration.  • Developed the comprehensive test strategy for future roll out and developed communication plan involving multiple business users and Technology owner.  • Involved in requirement analysis and integration of Omniture tool with mobile application for capturing application tracking and usage metrics on various screen elements such as application launch, product search, product page view etc. Presented with Customer Journey mapping report to top Management on customer experience on B2C apps.  • Monitored the constraint (Schedule / Scope) to evaluate the competing customer demands.  • Coordinated with Business owner/UX experts/ business analyst in identifying the scope and collectively worked with QA team to setup testing process/procedures and coordinated with release/change management (CAB/CRB/ARB) on production deployments. Supervision of key development level review meetings.  • Designed and rolled out new communications plan, management information, centralization planning, QA model, resource capacity planning as well as tracking costing/release schedule across all elements of project.  • Applied direction and advisory support for release deployment and project support for strategic business plans. Education BE Skills Project Management (9 years), Product Management (3 years), Risk Management (3 years), Risk Assessment (3 years), Mobile (6 years), Business Analysis (9 years), Quality Assurance (6 years), SAP (7 years) Additional Information Executive Summary:  Karthik is a well-diversified manager and solution executive with 12+ years of experience in managing multiple projects simultaneously in delivering enterprise solutions within IT Risk Assessment/Mitigation, Mobile, Mobile Web, SAP, Online digital web solution in Banking, Retail, Field Service and Utility Work.    Industry Experience:  • Project/Product Management: 9+ Years in Managing over 30+ highly complex/Cross-functional projects in Banking IT Risk Assessment/Mobile Apps (B2B & B2C)/eCommerce(Online-Digital)/Retail Store and Sales Operation; Defining Project Management Methodologies (Waterfall/Agile); Defined/Tracked Project Plan, Deliverables, Status, Issues and Risk Analysis/Audit Risk.  • Solution Proposal: Obtained Client Consensus in Solution Proposal; Design/Analysis; Facilitating Prototypes/Proof of concepts.  • Project - Budgeting/Timeline/Resourcing: Defined Project Plans; Work Breakdown Structure (WBS); Project Estimation Plan; Managed Multiple PM’s and globally distributed team (over 40+ members); Managed Portfolio budget up to 10 Million; Resource allocation across multiple projects includes tracking of resource bandwidth, forecasting on new releases and new projects.  • Project Analysis – Requirement/Design: Analyzed, gathered and defined business requirement from business concepts; Facilitated functional/technical specification in accordance with business and development teams. Due-Diligence on IT vendor products.  • Governance Risk and Compliance (GRC): Assisted in providing quantitative and qualitative information on Risk Assessment; Operational Risk Control – implementation of governance process; Mitigated Risk Assessment on MAS IT05/12 & TRM6, US FRB, BaFin, KPMG, Internal Audit, SAS and SOx. Developed and implemented Key Operation Procedures; KPI’s; KRI; Remediate IT Risk; Provided functional and analytical support on GRC controls; Identified and documented recommendation on Risk remediation, Governance and compliance polices in remediating IT Risk; Provided functional support on GRC controls. Documented identified Risk issues/Findings (KRI’s) on appropriate Risk Register; Complied dashboard reporting on IT Risk Assessment on banking applications.  • IT Risk Management: Performed risk assessments on Bank applications, infrastructure, business and technology against a defined risk framework (risk policy & risk acceptance). Recommended and assisted in solutions to address findings from IT risk assessments and strategies risk mitigation projects. Identified Gaps on Risk Controls; Mitigated Risk Assessment by implementing recommended Risk controls by following governance process to ensure risks on Banking applications are remediated and also Guaranteed the attainment of key milestones by proactively tracking metrics and project outputs; Proven knowledge on system landscape/Infrastructure, infrastructure, networks, databases with respect to IT risk.  • Client/Stakeholder Relationship: Solicited Business Sign-off; Provided Project Status, Track and report on major service delivery “roadblock” risks and issues with senior top management. Identified areas of improvement through effective evaluation and communication with business team. Recommended best course for Project delivery with Cost/Benefit Analysis report. Proven ability to articulate identified IT Risk Assessment with Business and Technology Teams; Evaluate management responses to ensure that remediation plans and tasks adequately to address identified Risk control gaps; Ability to work collaboratively with Business and Technology Team.  • Communication/Presentation: Effective in communication and setting clear expectation on Project Status/Delivery/timeline. Proactively presenting dashboard reports on evaluation of existing business solution and identified areas of improvement; Customer Journey mapping on B2C experience with Omniture Analytical reports; Excellent presentation skills (MS PowerPoint); Ability to manipulate data in a spreadsheet (MS Excel); Experienced in working knowledge on JIRA.   • Mobile Strategy/User Experience: Improved Havertys Furniture’s Store Sales by rolling out iPad Sales Order Apps for their Sales Associates; Replaced hard Copy Store order processing with iPad Mobile Apps for Hobby Lobby’s store associates; Implemented Mobile B2B Retail store order processing Apps for Home-Depot Canada to improved/enhanced feature functions for store associates; Implemented B2C mobile consumer apps on iPhone/iPad/Android platform for Home depot Canada and iPhone/Android for Home Depot USA. Designed and developed Mobile middleware product names empower for Vivido Labs with effective integration with SAP ERP system. Collaborated with UX experts to design and implement innovative UI design and graphic optimization; Wireframes; Style Guides; Worked with Business and Development teams in accordance with do and don’t on native behavior with respect to UX design element and helped document Business requirement document (BRD).  • Project/Product Development: Provided structured approach on service process for improvement on delivery; Release/Source control management; Monitored performance through tools such as JIRA in monitoring development status and Identification of defects, risks and quality; Worked with Global Change/Release management (CAB/CRB/ARB) in identification and resolution of critical path within project lifecycle and production deployment; Cut-over activities on production release; Experience in Integrating Omniture Analytical Reporting tool.  • Quality Assurance: Extensive experience on QA process, Governance and compliance polices; Working knowledge on QA process and tools such HP Quality Center/JIRA; Effective in reporting QA testing results with project team and in communication with resolution of those defects with development team in accordance with project timeline and delivery;     Core Expertise:  • Project/Product Management • Change/Release Management  • Solution Proposal/Design/Business Analysis • SAP/SAP Mobile (SMP)  • Governance, Risk & Compliance • Mobile Apps (B2B/B2C)  • IT Risk Assessment • UX/Quality Assurance  • Risk Control • mCommerce/eCommerce  • Regulatory Reporting – KPMG, Sox, SAS, BaFin, USFRB, MAS • Analytics