IT PROJECT MANAGER <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">PROJECT</span> <span class="hl">MANAGER</span> IT PROJECT MANAGER West New York, NJ Exceptionally creative and resourceful Electrical Engineer with 10+ years combined experience as IT support and troubleshooting. Primarily focused on and maintaining daily operations of network infrastructure. Enthusiast with outstanding interpersonal and analytical skills, excellent time management and adaptation skills, very organized, responsible with an attention to detail, able to work under pressure unsupervised or in a team environment. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT PROJECT MANAGER Corporación NIVARIA C.A - Maracaibo, Zulia, Venezzuela August 2011 to May 2015 Responsible for generating analytics and reports that would be used to drive decision making to create new value for our clients. Managing databases, software applications and hardware in order to assist the operations team in delivering the most efficient services, of the highest quality, with the goal of exceeding our client's expectation. I worked closely with the company's leadership team to develop strategies/actions to foster innovation and enhance client's satisfaction with overall services. Some projects I directed:   • DISPROCAR C.A. Implementation of the G + Marketing system to generate results that will help you designs an effective marketing campaign.  • IMAU - Instituto Municipal de Aseo Urbano. Implementation of the G + Planning system to generate fleet management reports allowing visual tracking of the planned execution.  • ODEBRECHT S.A. Implementation of the G + Planning system to generate fleet management reports allowing visual tracking of the planned execution.  • PDVSA - Petróleos de Venezuela S.A. Elaboration and implementation of monitoring system of 250 active oil wells in the area of Lake Maracaibo. NETWORK ANALYST Hidrológica del Lago de Maracaibo C.A - Maracaibo, Zulia, Venezuela January 2008 to May 2011 Head leader in technical support, providing remote and in-person technical assistance. I gave support to all desktop, laptop and mobile device users, installing maintaining and debugging wired and wireless  network equipment, well as the array of applications that make up our client infrastructure, maintaining daily operations of our network infrastructure. • Trained and managed four employees, ensuring adherence to safety procedures and maintenance of high quality service standards expected by management. INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY INTERNSHIP PROCEDATOS S.A - Maracaibo, Zulia, Venezuela May 2007 to November 2007 Collaborated to network projects and deployments as well as maintain network documentation. I learned basic knowledge of most but not limited to the following technologies: Cisco, Wireless, routing, switching, load balancing, WAN/LAN, security, etc. TECHNICAL SUPPORT SPECIALIST / NETWORK ADMINISTRATOR Zulia State University (La Universidad del Zulia - Maracaibo, Zulia, Venezuela March 2005 to March 2007 Provide first level contact and conveying IT resolutions to end-user issues across our network including support and maintenance of existing servers, software, hardware and networking appliances.  • Analyze, identify and diagnose common faults and symptoms according to established processes and procedures while performing inquiries with network operations center personnel and other support teams regarding problem diagnosis and requests. Education Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering Dr. Rafael Belloso Chacín University - Maracaibo, Zulia, Venezuela 2007 Skills Windows Xp, Vista, 7, 8, 10 / Microsoft Office 2016 / Internet Explorer, Google Chrome • Windows Server 2008 / 2012 / 2016 (Experience with Active Directory creating users, resetting passwords, adding or removing pc's from the domain/network) • Intermediate knowledge AUTOCAD, Adobe Photoshop CS6 • Ability to troubleshoot software and hardware related problem (network printers, computer hardware, phone and tablets configuration). Networking knowledge (DHCP, DNS, TCP/IP, routing, switching, protocols, etc.). Wireless Network (GSM, WiFi, WiMax). Networking hardware (cabling, testing, upgrading and troubleshooting). Network security knowledge (firewalls, content filters). • Experience with Virtualization (VMWare, HyperV) • CCNA (Cisco Certified Network Associate) (10+ years) Certifications/Licenses CCNA (Cisco Certified Network Associate) January 2007 to January 2011 • Course: CCNA 1 v3.1 “Networking Basics”. 70 academic hours October 2007. Universidad Dr. Rafael Belloso Chacín (URBE). Maracaibo, Edo. Zulia, Venezuela.  • Course: CCNA 2 v3.1 “Router and Routing Basics”. 70 academic hours May 2008. Universidad Dr. Rafael Belloso Chacín (URBE). Maracaibo, Edo. Zulia, Venezuela.  • Course: CCNA 3 v3.1 “Switching Basics and Intermediate Routing”. 70 academic hours October 2008. Universidad Dr. Rafael Belloso Chacín (URBE). Maracaibo, Edo. Zulia, Venezuela.  • Course: CCNA v4 EXPLORATION “Routing Protocols and Concepts”. 70 academic hours December 2008. Universidad Dr. Rafael Belloso Chacín (URBE). Maracaibo, Edo. Zulia, Venezuela.  • Course: CCNA v4 EXPLORATION “Accessing the WAN”. 70 academic hours November 2011. Telecommunications and Network Computer Solutions, S.A. (TELNET, S.A.). Maracaibo, Edo. Zulia, Venezuela. Additional Information OTHER COURSE  • Seminary: “MANEJO DEL MODULO DE INGRESO Y CONSULTA DEL DOCUMANAGER”. 40 academic hours March 2005 from 7 to 11. Universidad del Zulia (LUZ). Maracaibo, Edo. Zulia, Venezuela.  • Technical conference: “ IT ENSAMBLAJE DE COMPUTADORAS”. 5 academic hours July 2005. Universidad Dr. Rafael Belloso Chacín (URBE). Maracaibo, Edo. Zulia, Venezuela.  • Technical conference: “OPERADOR MAQUINA DE VOTACION”. 12 academic hours July 2005. PROSOL ETT C.A. Maracaibo, Edo. Zulia, Venezuela.