Senior Director, Client Services Senior Director, Client Services Senior Director - Information Technology Sales Charleston, SC Qualified senior-level information technology professional with 10+ years of proven experience enhancing business operations by way of technological innovations. Career interests include digital transformations, cloud technology, enterprise software, IT service management, IT operations management, and software as a service (SaaS). Consistently achieves desired performance outcomes for today’s information technology operations by recommending technical changes that support the ongoing development of the organization. Leads successful initiatives—from recognizing and remedying gaps in processes, to implementing new technologies, and developing programs and technical roadmaps—all of which result in cost reduction, industry competence, and overall growth and success for the company. Career goal is to support a leading, mission-driven organization in a dynamic information technology role. Work Experience Senior Director, Client Services AN Global - Tampa, FL 2019 to Present Promoted to a highly visible leadership role with responsibilities for managing $22M in accounts within the healthcare, financial, insurance, and retail service industries.  • Direct and motivate the client services team to meet revenue targets with the team currently exceeding all expectations by an average of 15%.  • Proactively create and execute strategic account plans with an emphasis on providing high revenue generating services to clients and controlling account costs, achieving an average gross profit margin greater than 45%.  • Develop and implement standards to accurately and efficiently track account revenue, profit, forecast, and budget.  • Streamlined communications with global clients and offshore teams by introducing dashboards, BI tools, standard reporting templates and collaboration platforms such as Microsoft Teams to improve the overall client experience.  Director, Client Services AN Global - Tampa, FL 2017 to 2018 Provided targeted enterprise software solutions to clients based on analysis of their unique business. Implemented strategies that increased account revenue by 35%.  • Regularly contacted and engaged with key decision-makers to negotiate contracts and land new client accounts.  • Delivered thought leadership and subject matter expertise when collaborating with project teams to proactively solve complex operational issues.  • Oversaw a $3M initiative to streamline repeatable business tasks for insurance claims through software automation technologies.  • Created technical roadmaps and business plans to migrate IT functions from on-premise to the public cloud, decreasing IT storage costs by 30%. IT Project Manager AN Global - Tampa, FL 2016 to 2017 Conducted business analytics for Fortune 20 clients using ERP reporting and BI tools. Successfully decreased annual logistics costs by over $2M through a wide range of business process automation initiatives.  • Managed IT project timelines and workloads for the DevOps team by adhering to Agile methodologies.  • Improved project efficiency and eliminated development defects by utilizing Project Management Professional (PMP) and DevOps principles.  • Proactively pursued continuous improvement initiatives to achieve increased quality and maintain compliance while decreasing costs and mitigating risks.  • Reduced system latency times by delivering infrastructure solutions capable of efficiently scaling for global applications. Sales Program Manager M-E-C Company - North Charleston, SC 2015 to 2016 Provided leadership for the technical sales team and oversight for a wide range of program initiatives. Entrusted with the design of single and triple pass industrial dryer systems leveraged by diverse industries.  • Applied process improvements to include the implementation of Salesforce CRM; created new customer proposals for front end system designs.  • Developed standards for product design and eliminated redundancy when engaging with clients regarding the best solutions for their business challenges.  • Streamlined the sales intake and response process by including internal and external sales consultants on the same team, ensuring collaboration with the technical design team to standardize design during the sales phase.  • Successfully reconfigured standard products to optimize project and design cycle times.  • Met all industrial and government compliance standards to appropriately size emissions control equipment. Project/Process Engineer KAPSTONE PAPER AND PACKAGING CORP - North Charleston, SC 2011 to 2015 Successfully addressed declining sales and spearheaded the implementation of new technologies that improved product quality resulting in increased sales by over 8,000 tons of product per year.  • Leveraged lean process improvement strategies and techniques to implement new and improved technologies.  • Coordinated project activities between vendors and customers and successfully decreased costs by 25% with increased sales by 3,200 tons per year.  • Surpassed production stretch goals by 2.4% while overseeing machine operations to ensure seamless processes.  • Created general operation procedures to achieve production consistency and exceeded the downtime incidence goal by six events per month.  • Further improved processes by developing strategies to accurately track inventory while reducing waste. Mechanical Engineering Co-op SOUTH CAROLINA ELECTRIC & GAS - Columbia, SC 2008 to 2010 Developed maintenance programs for $500M emission control technology at power plants.  • Provided leadership and guidance to outage crews during plant shutdowns.  • Maintained documentation to support all federal compliance and regulatory standards. Education M.B.A. in Business Administration in Business Administration University of South Carolina B.S. in Mechanical Engineering in Mechanical Engineering Clemson University Skills Account Management (5 years), Business intelligence (3 years), Business Operations (10+ years), Project Management (8 years), Client Relationship Management (5 years), Team Leadership (4 years), Professional Presentations (5 years), Professional Services (4 years), Operations Management (8 years) Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/gkhawaja Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) April 2015 to April 2021 Professional Engineer (PE) December 2015 to June 2020