Chief Technology Officer Chief Technology Officer Chief Technology Officer - Rediker Software Springfield, MA An adaptive and innovative technology executive with a focus on user experience (UX), DevOps, and software development culture. Currently seeking a software company with a desire to innovate and improve. Work Experience Chief Technology Officer Rediker Software June 2017 to Present • Serve as Chief Architect and Development Manager for a talented team of UX Designers, Software Developers, Business Analysts, and Product Owners.  • Architecting distributed systems with containerization technology such as Kubernetes and Docker.  • Reducing cloud costs by leveraging managed platforms, multitenancy, application efficiency, and other optimizations.  • Modernizing a diverse portfolio of legacy applications to a modern platform featuring single sign on, a microservices based centralized API, and modern Single Page Applications for the web.  • Built a development organization from scratch to move software development back onshore. UX Engineer and Web Product Manager Rediker Software June 2015 to June 2017 • Design and manage a diverse portfolio of web based products.  • Conduct usability research aimed at improving overall UX.  • Provide BI and data intensive UI solutions. Web Designer/Developer Thing5, LLC September 2012 to June 2015 • Designed and developed responsive desktop and mobile sites for both internal and external use.  • Developed several REST APIs to provide data to ETL processes, websites, and internal tools.  • Performed heuristic evaluations, contextual task analysis, interviews and surveys to provide recommendations to improve company tools and products. Internet Engineer The Stowe Group, for Dartmouth College January 2012 to May 2012 • Assisted in design and development of a multiplatform mobile application targeting Dartmouth Alumni  • Directly supported Alumni Relations and the Office of Development with web consulting, online maintenance, and design  • Design and development of several Alumni related websites and webpages, including web based mobile administration sites and event sites using PHP and MongoDB Web Developer/Designer, IT Project Manager Decorated Products, Inc 2009 to 2011 • Redesigned a number of websites for each company division using Drupal and OpenCart  • Customized several Drupal designs to allow desired company designs  • Created a design tool that would allow user designs to be sent directly to manufacturing  • Created an combined wholesale and individual ecommerce site and redesigned company homepage with a clean and compliant pure HTML and CSS design Education Bachelor of Science in Information Technology Rochester Institute of Technology 2010 Skills .net, C#, Docker, Git, Hci, Jenkins, .net core, Php, Laravel, Symfony, Visio, Ui design, Mongodb, Redis, Ux, Blob, Application performance, Jira, Usability, Usability testing Links http://brettcouture.com Additional Information SKILLS    • Technologies I'm familiar with: Kubernetes, Docker, Jenkins, C#, .NET Core, React, Apollo, GraphQL, PHP, JS/ES6, CSS3, HTM5, MySQL, SQL Server, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, Amazon Redshift, Symfony, Laravel, Composer, GIT, Apache, Ngnix, Vagrant, Harbor  • Azure Technologies: Azure App Services, Azure Kubernetes Service, Azure Managed Databases, Azure Key Vault, Azure Event Grid, Azure Service Bus, Azure VNETs, Azure VM's, Azure Blob Storage, Azure Redis  • Web application security, monitoring and management  • Atlassian product expert, JIRA, Confluence, Bitbucket  • Application performance tuning, balancing, and scaling  • Network monitoring and performance tuning  • Software testing and deployment strategies, CI/CD process  • UX/UI design, User Centered Design  • Design Software: Adobe Photoshop, Balsamic, Gliffy, MS Visio, Sketch, Axure  • Agile development expert with Kanban, Scrum, and RAD experience  • Human Centered Interface (HCI) Design and Testing, Usability Testing  • Customer and User needs analysis  • IT Background  • Linux expert