I.T. Project Coordinator I.T. <span class="hl">Project</span> Coordinator Utica, OH Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience I.T. Project Coordinator CenturyLink - Dublin, OH May 2017 to May 2019 As a project coordinator I managed over 200 accounts at one time. Overseeing Fast E or Fiber projects.  I was the prime source of communication between customers, Engineers/ing, Government Offices, and Construction Crews. I assisted in training and managing new employees hired into the position. Many staff members look up to me and would come to me when they’re in need of answers on company polices, procedures, and advice on customer needs. Some projects would require managing construction projects, timelines, permitting or any assistance OSP would need in getting the end user to complete tasks for a project to get completed. In this instance I would also read blue prints and diagrams to advise the end user what needed to be completed and a timeline for construction. Typical customer base I worked with was County, State, Federal, and larger companies. Senior Revenue Analyst Insight Global-Verizon Wireless August 2016 to May 2017 Reviewing multiple technical and financial systems daily. Filing tickets when issues arise, weekly meetings to ensure all I.T. Issues are resolved in a timely manner. Fraud Specialist JPMorgan Chase July 2013 to October 2015 Reviewing accounts for fraudulent activity, lending, credit cards, reviewing credit information and debt to income ratios, etc Office Manager AMERICAN SERVICES AND PROTECTION - Columbus, OH January 2012 to July 2013 Scheduling, open/close office, monitor armed guard licensing, uniform management, payroll, contracting, procurement. Rental Property Leasing Ravine Bluff - Columbus, OH June 2011 to January 2012 Responsible for day to day rental Property Management tasks. Screening tenants, managing rental deposits and rental monies paid, monitoring rental repairs, over seeing sub contractors completing repairs, inspecting unit condition and documenting repairs needed, costs, renovations. Familiar with tenant/landlord laws. Education Information Technology Software Development ITT TECHNICAL INSTITUTE Skills ADP (1 year), Android (2 years), Human Resources (1 year), Payroll (1 year), Employee Relations (1 year), Scheduling (1 year), Procurement (1 year), Licensing (1 year), Office Management (1 year), Application Development (2 years), Javascript (2 years), IOS (1 year), HTML (2 years), HTML 5 (2 years), Banking (3 years), Fraud prevention (3 years), Microsoft Office (5 years), Windows 10 (1 year), Computer Hardware (2 years), Computer Repair (2 years), Vehicle Repair Advising (2 years), Property Management (2 years), Lending (3 years), Loan Processing (3 years), Project Management, Quickbooks, Excel, Accounting Awards Top Banker J.P. Morgan Chase Service Champion of the Year Jp Morgan Chase  Awarded for the most all five ratings from customers