Senior IT Project Manager Senior <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager with Leadership in Change Management. Las Vegas, NV Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior IT Project Manager The Home Depot - Fort Mill, SC September 2018 to Present • Expertly manage several complex projects simultaneously from initiation to completion phase in line with Project Management Best Practices of Agile and Waterfall Methodologies.  • Managed development programs and projects team for service repair internal operations and field operations for The Home Dept Web Portal Applications Development.  • Managed Business Intelligence (BI), Data Warehouse (DW) and migrations projects and Premium Finance projects from conceptualizations to implementation.  • Managed technical resources, vendors, and stakeholders to drive project objectives and gather requirements.  • Collaborated with managers, directors, and stakeholders to effectively manage scope, plan, and budget for the delivery of software development projects and provided metrics to IT Leadership.  • Consistently improve supportability and quality of in-house custom apps by directing ongoing assessments and issuing development teams with on-point support.  • Coached and trained development teams and stakeholders through Agile Transformation.   • Coaching teams, Project Managers and Scrum Masters through real world situations, demonstrating servant leadership and coaching leaders through the transition, identifying and resolving organizational impediments.   • Managed team with workload/capacity, schedule, Training/Workshop, and DevOps Principle/Practices.  • Worked with the Product owner to create User Stories and groom the backlog.  • Managed the Product Owner and user stories adherence to Acceptance Criteria, Release and Change Management Enterprise Project Manager I Enhanced Change Management - Charlotte, NC August 2017 to Present Spearhead strategic oversight and counsel for enterprise-wide organizational change management initiatives. Pioneer creation of strategies to engage leaders and employees. Develop, manage, and communicate integrated project plan to ensure successful project completion.  Key Achievements:  * Drove successful project planning and delivery by providing strategic thought leadership on organization's readiness to support large scale change management.  * Accelerated success and growth by providing insight into department's strategy, planning, continuous improvement plan and KPI reporting and analysis.  * Achieved project objectives through establishing and implementing communication plan for all projects.  * Supported execution of change plans of managers and business leaders by engaging and coaching change sponsors and agents to promote organizational effectiveness.  * Enhanced Change Management process by developing training materials and implementing training.  * Provided project updates through communicating regularly with stakeholders, including Site Management Team, HR, Project Managers, Agency Directors, and Department Director. SAP Master Data Specialist Coca-Cola Bottling Company Consolidated - Charlotte, NC February 2017 to July 2017 Provided management of integral projects and release schedules. Maintained data records in SAP with highest level of accuracy. Configured and maintained standard/customer tables and background data feeds.  Key Achievements:  * Improved quality of data by monitoring data accuracy, validity and completeness (providing corrections when necessary).  * Managed updates and reporting by utilizing WinShuttle in SAP (for updates) and SQVI, SQ00, Every Angle, and SAP BW (for reporting).  * Achieved established objectives by leveraging extensive expertise of 50+ procedures and hundreds of exceptions that must be incorporated.  * Maximized effectiveness and efficiency of process by following established routine verification procedures and providing feedback. Project Manager Duke Energy - Charlotte, NC 2015 to 2017 Championed all phases of project planning and execution to drive success throughout entire lifecycle. Provided leadership to project teams to ensure delivery within established deadline and budget.  Key Achievements:  * Captured all business-critical activities for stakeholders by leading project team in preparation of Monthly Project Status Reports (PSR's).  * Aligned projects with strategic priorities by preparing written and verbal reports, identifying costs/scheduling variances, and recommending corrective actions.  * Measured project performance through creation of Earned Value activities report.  * Achieved budget management by tracking and reconciling committed and actuals with estimated costs.  * Provided details of trends and changes throughout project by managing trend and change order log. Omni-Channel Finance Analyst IT/PMO/VMO Belk Store Services - Charlotte, NC 2014 to 2015 Led all aspects of financial planning, analysis, and reporting to drive profit increase, reduce costs, and improve business performance.  Key Achievements:  * Managed invoices by preparing invoice cover sheets and validating invoices against budgets and forecast.  * Researched and reconciled financial discrepancies by using financial systems and other databases.  * Ensured proper payment and accuracy by reviewing IT-related invoices.  * Propelled business objectives through creating ad hoc research, expense reporting, and data analysis as needed by senior management team. Regional Accounts Payable Coordinator Advanced Disposal Services - Charlotte, NC 2013 to 2014 Completed invoice processing and payment cycle processes in timely manner. Performed journal entries and created weekly/monthly reconciliations. Managed monthly accounting close processes.  Key Achievements:  * Reduced outstanding payables by 52% through implementing Standard Operating Procedures.  * Improved business performance and productivity by reviewing and maintaining vendor contracts, terms, and conditions.  * Enhanced skills and knowledge of professionals by developing and leading in-person team member training.  * Facilitated accounts payables process for 17 business units in 7 key market areas. Education Bachelor of Business Administration in Accounting Prairie View A&M University - Prairie View, TX Skills SAP (Less than 1 year), MICROSOFT OFFICE (Less than 1 year), MS OFFICE (Less than 1 year), ORACLE (Less than 1 year), PEOPLE SOFT (Less than 1 year), Project Management, Outlook, Estimating, budget, Maintenance, Scheduling, PM, PMP, Waterfall, Scrum Master, Information Technology, PM, PMP, Waterfall, Scrum Master Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/ryanojones Additional Information Technical Skills: Microsoft Office Suite People Soft QuickBooks SAP Oracle    PROFESSIONAL EXPERTISE