Building and Facilities Services Manager Building and Facilities Services <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Mgmt., EOC, Emergency Mgmt. Raleigh, NC Who am I?  Professionally – A self-motivated project manager with over 6 years of experience managing multiple projects simultaneously. Extensive expertise in managing multifaceted projects ranging from enterprise and infrastructure to integrated healthcare construction. Highly skilled in strategic assessments, quality assurance, managing suppliers, communicating deadlines and completing projects under budget.   Passionate about the business and operations side of healthcare and contributing to the evolution of one of the most dynamic industries.  Personally-   Ambitious, Charismatic, Eloquent, Honest, Patient, Resourceful and an avid boater.     What motivates me?  I'm really driven by results — I like it when there is a concrete goal to achieve, and enough time to figure out a strong strategy for accomplishing it. During my time at Northwell Health, our yearly goals were very aggressive, but I worked with my director and the rest of my team to figure out a month-by-month strategy for meeting all of them by year-end. It was a real thrill to accomplish that. I'm also motivated by digging into data. Give me a spreadsheet and questions, and I'm eager to figure out what's driving the numbers. At my current position, I prepare and analyze numerous monthly reports from accounts receivable and insurance billing to medical care variances and facilities charges. The data from these reports help drive and determine how we as an organization plan next steps and set goals for the following months. Being able to provide that essential information and be part or the solution or celebration of a job well done is really motivating. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Building and Facilities Services Manager University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill - Chapel Hill, NC 2017 to Present ? Project Manager for all major and minor facility renovations focusing on sustainability and ROI energy projects, engineering safety controls, design/construction, strategic acquisitions, and process/ performance improvement. ?Full responsibility of Emergency Preparedness, Disaster Planning, Continuity of Operations, Life Safety and Security, Medical Equipment, Hazardous Materials, Utilities, Communication systems, and Mass Vaccination Planning and Response. Oversight of Business Continuity Management, including scenario analysis, performing training/exercises and updating Emergency Management policies. Trained in National Incident Management System, National Response Framework, and CBRNE. -Developing budgets, supply chain management, coordinating human resource functions, and developing new strategic initiatives. -Developing preventative maintenance, deferred maintenance, and EOL replacement plans. -Reduced supply costs by analyzing purchasing operations and existing contracts, agreements, and MOU with vendors. -Prepared facility and instituted new systems, which resulted in a successful TJC and state surveys. Primary accreditation lead for Life Safety Surveys and Inspections, OSHA, Infection Control regulations within all areas of responsibility. MATERIALS OPERATIONS AND ASSET MANAGER NORTHWELL HEALTH - Manhasset, NY March 2015 to January 2017 Directed and monitored materials forecasting, order processing, purchasing, warehousing, inventory control, customer service activities. Implemented a material allocation process to allow Planners visibility, which was not previously available in ERP.   -Improved warehouse layout, established fixed stock location with random overflow based on ABC analysis, shortest distance traveled & frequency.   -Installed FIFO practices, visual displays for prime location, part identification, min/max settings, and point of use identification with barcode scanning capabilities.   -Established a Supplier Performance expectation letter to ensure Suppliers understand each Plants individual requirements.   -Standardized Shipping-Receiving-Warehouse process flow eliminating waste.   -Created delivery windows reducing dock congestion, providing feedback of missed shipment or additional freight received from Vendor for a chargeback.   -Implemented 5S activities, & visual mgmt. system in scheduling, production, warehousing & customer service areas.  -Overseeing recall management, product education, and implementation.   -Supply chain master data analysis through PeopleSoft/Oracle ERP.   ? Project manager experienced in healthcare construction, MMIS hardware integrations. Experienced in hospital site turnaround and full-scale acquisitions focused on materials operations and physical assets. Regulatory administration and accreditation ventures with oversight from The Joint Commission, NYC Dept. of Health, NYC Dept. of Transportation, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services. PROJECT COORDINATOR NORTHWELL HEALTH - Manhasset, NY January 2013 to March 2015 -Prepared and led meetings between departments.   -Reported developments to Project Manager using spreadsheet reports.  -Researched vendors for pricing, equipment availability, and staffing. Maintained all record keeping on a customized software program. Interpreted specifications, design/construction drawings, job orders, company policy, and procedures for workers.   ? Project Manager support roles included the design and development of system wide medical and surgical suites. On site surveys conducted for respiratory, surgical, neurological, and operating room suites across 7 hospitals benchmarking KPIs, statements of condition, MMIS, and process tracer activities. Data collected used to determine possible construction, design, renovation, and/or accreditation project needs. Capital Projects including P&L driven analytics and emergency management solutions. MATERIALS OPERATIONS LEAD NORTH SHORE-LIJ - Manhasset, NY November 2011 to July 2014 Reconciling tote receiving/put away variances, reporting overage/shortage issues.   -Processing Drug Recalls and Quarantines. Printing supply orders, distributing orders to team, and receiving shipments.   -Oversight of formulary changes initiating supply location moves.   -Ensure high-quality customer service through observation of the service department.   -Willingness to greet and work with all customers within the hospital and materials operations offices. IT Coordinator HOPE FOR YOUTH INC - Amityville, NY July 2010 to October 2012 -Responsible for the inventory, installation, and configuration of all IT Infrastructure equipment: Dell & HP desktops and laptops, Company's Mobil Devices, Cisco Routers  -Monitored/worked and assigned trouble tickets within IT Helpdesk  -Created and deleted user accounts in company directories; updated and maintained the phone directory  -Administered and managed the preventive and correction services for printers, both at the site and various office locations  -Supporting role for the system networking operations, central server upgrades, and mobile/cloud device integration. Education Computer Programming and Development in Computer Science Wake Technical Community College - Raleigh, NC January 2019 to Present High school or equivalent Saint Johns High School - West Islip, NY September 2006 to June 2010 Skills Project Management (6 years), Healthcare Management (7 years), Hazard Analysis and Critical control Points (5 years), Integration (5 years), Quality Management (5 years), Procurement (7 years), Environmental Health and Safety (3 years), Inventory Management (5 years), Data Analysis (6 years), Business Intelligence (5 years), Business Development (2 years), Customer Service Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/ryan-meehan-6711a9132/ Certifications/Licenses (CMRP) Certified Materials and Resource Professional November 2017 to November 2018 (CHFM) Certified Healthcare Facilities Manager June 2018 to June 2019