Business System Specialist Business System Specialist System Administrator/ Project Manager - City of Columbia Charlotte, NC To obtain a position within Information Technology that will allow me to use my innovative computer skills, knowledge, and excellent communication skills. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Business System Specialist Charlotte Mecklenburg Police Department - Charlotte, NC February 2017 to Present Collaborated with end users to document existing business processes and design new business processes to be translated into detailed system requirements.   • Provided Quality Assurance and software testing, to include the writing and execution of detailed test plans and results.   • Assisted with the implementation and transitional support of systems.  • Administered and maintained department systems by identifying and correcting problems; developing and running reports; creating and managing account permissions; troubleshooting problems and facilitating solutions; cooperating with vendors; and communicating with system users.  • Responded to customer requests related to Software Applications ranging from permissions, technical problems with applications, and various other administrative items.  • Subject matter expert on a number of custom-developed applications used to support Police Operations such as Computer-Aided Dispatch, 911 telephony phone system.   • Documents release notes, user guides, and other documentation to assist customers with application usage. System Administrator/ Project Manager City of Columbia - Columbia, SC February 2016 to Present • Managed assigned technology projects from conception and design, through startup, deployment, user training, and provided long term maintenance and support.  • Maintained, deployed, and documented server/workstation hardware and system software configurations and system maintenance.  • Analyzed requirements of departments to develop plans to implement new or modified technologies.  • Developed and documented functional and technical specifications based on business requirements.  • Communicated with consultants and vendors to determine appropriate hardware and software technologies for assigned projects.  • Conducted installations, integrations, patches, service packs and upgrades of hardware and application systems.  • Performed analysis, design, coding, testing, and documentation of software applications customizations.  • Provided tier 3 support of applications and hardware.  • Performed general administrative/clerical work.  • Assisted help desk staff and helped coordinate their work. System Administrator Computer Sciences Corporation - Blythewood, SC January 2013 to February 2016 • Managed users within Active Directory to support SharePoint environment.  • Troubleshoot network problems providing password resets.  • Managed CSC employee's access to all Accounts, Transitions, and Internal Organizations for • SharePoint 2010.  • Using Sql Server 2008 to query data against SharePoint project web server.  • Highly skilled customer service experience with various clients and CSC employees.  • Change and release management of new configurations added to processing of end users in  Environment.  • Data Mining XML Web services logs to determine break/fix resolutions to support .net framework  Environment. System Analyst Blue Cross Blue Shield - Columbia, SC May 2012 to January 2013 • System performance monitoring using SQL Server 2008.  • Troubleshoot Scanner web connectivity services.  • Data transfer monitoring of web servers services to ensure the process and data flow of insurance claims.  • Diagnosed problems of Web sphere MQ services.  • Provided 24/7 365 On-call support for system performance concerns.  • Participate in change/release deployments to production environment.  • Data Mining XML Web services logs to determine break/fix resolutions to support .net framework  environment. IT Help Desk Intern Department of Agriculture August 2011 to February 2012 • Provide user help desk support for different departments  • Maintain department inventory keeping records up-to-date  • Mobile computer setup and configuration, troubleshooting problems, updating websites  • Assist field users with design and implementation procedures Education Bachelors of Science in Integrated Information Technology University of South Carolina - Columbia, SC August 2008 to August 2012 Skills Microsoft Office (6 years), Project Management (2 years), System Administration, System Administration (5 years), system analysis (4 years), Business Analysis (2 years), Excel, Business Intelligence, SQL, testing Additional Information Technical Skills  Software: MS Office 365, MS Project, Share point 2010    Operating Systems: CICS/ISPF/Mainframe, Linux, Windows NT/2000, XP, Vista, 7, and Apple OS  Networking: Troubleshooting or managing of Active Directory, VPN, TC/IP, WebSphere  Programming: SQL RDMS, Visual Basic, HTML, CSS, JavaScript.  Other: Knowledge of Project Management, Designing Training Systems, and Business Analysis.    Qualifications  • Excellent presentation and organizational skills.  • Ability to communicate effectively.  • Goal-oriented and ability to work under pressure.  • Sound analytical and problem solving skills.  • General knowledge of software programming and Web development.  • Knowledge of project management and data base management.  • Familiar with the general functioning business processes.