IT Project Manager (Contractor) <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> (Contractor) Project Manager Charlotte, NC • Passionate, value-driven Project Manager with over 6 years of experience leading cross-functional teams to plan, build, launch and manage projects.  • Ability to blend technical skills and experience, customer-oriented perspective and analytical abilities to create effective project execution strategies.  • Practical experience prioritizing and managing multiple projects and delivering results that meet or exceed specifications and delivered within budgetary parameters.  • Proficiency in: Customer Support, Wireless Data Technologies, Remote Monitoring, Process Improvement, Project Development, Relationship Management, Project Management, Remote Monitoring, Channel & Direct Sales Support, and Sales Engineering.  • Open to traveling 50% as part of work duties.  • Available to interview via phone or in-person with a 24-hour notice. Work Experience IT Project Manager (Contractor) Bank of America - Charlotte, NC March 2019 to Present Responsible for end-to-end management and delivery of a material change for a project of high complexity across multiple departments within a single business unit. Manages, leads and directs the work efforts of resources that may be functionally aligned as part of the project and/or organizationally aligned as direct reports. Responsible for the end-to-end integration of various work streams in order to deliver the intended project solution. Responsibilities include: Manage Project Scope, Timeline and Budget/Expenses; Obtain and align resources to key project roles; establish clearly defined responsibilities and accountabilities; Oversight/Manage/Lead project execution, integration and implementation; Risk Management and Mitigation Planning; Readiness/Change Adoption/Stakeholder Management; Quality Assurance, ensure that all applicable change requirements are satisfied; Acts as the primary point of contact and integration for the project. Project Manager MetLife - Charlotte, NC September 2018 to December 2018 • Develop and manage the communications plan and training plan for implanting a cloud solution HR Shared Services.  • HRSS Change Management Review the plan as it relates to Change Management activities with Cloud project.  • Change Management Process  • Support HRSS Change Management, Global Learning & Development, and Employee Experience teams in discussing the Training Plan status updates, work on concerns, barriers, impacts of implementation, and review materials.  • Review Cloud project communications.  • Perform Project Management, including Requirements Gathering & Analysis, Resource planning, Scheduling, Collaboration, and provided Team Leadership  • Used Microsoft Office Excel, Word, MS Project, PowerPoint, and Lean Practices in completing project duties. Project Manager Global Linking Solutions - Charlotte, NC August 2012 to May 2018 ·        Identify infrastructure goals and project delivery clearly.  ·        Develop and manage a strategic list of public and private sector clientele for GLS, a leading managed network and security services provider focused on the deployment of optimized network designs that drive performance and availability.   ·              Experienced in full life-cycle management of infrastructure support and deployment  ·             Network infrastructure projects  o  Enable/disable CDP, enable/disable routing, remove/modify VLANs, add/delete users to routers, change interface IP, set banner for routers, connectivity diagnostics, website health check.  o  Installing several routers, switches, load balancer and servers on a customers network behind the firewall and the DMZ  o  Monitoring the customers network for harmful IP addresses aka Sniffer   o  Installed several Riverbed routers to provide Netflow analyses and reports.  o  Provide reports on IP management, Subnet Mask, equipment uptime and ticket reports .  ·         Project Management Methodologies  o  Order/Staging Server and coordinate the install at customer data center.  o  Develop Visio diagram of customers network  o  Managed 10-15 projects at a time  o  Efficient in MS Excel and Word             •          Overseeing the planning and deployment of customer projects through relationship management, strategic consultation, formal business process reviews, end user interaction, continued product education and after sale customer support.              •          Deliver customer fulfillment and service strategies, vision and prioritization to all team members including support engineers and subcontractors.              •          Specific responsibilities include: Team Leadership, Project Lifecycle Management, Requirements Gathering & Analysis, Resource planning, Scheduling, Risk Management, Stakeholder Management, and Collaboration   ·        CMC & Service Now (Ticket Management System)  o  Creating tickets  o  Updating/Notes  o  Resolution/closing  ·         Project Audit for accurate information  o  Accounting   o  Customer data base   o  Internal data base   ·         Project Coordinator   o  Coordination with various third-party vendors (AT&T/Verizon/Spectrum. etc.)  o  Equipment delivery  o  Tech dispatches   ·        Collaborate effectively with infrastructure associates across entire business units along with management levels.             •          Achievements: Employee of the Month November 2016  Technical Support Engineer Simple Com - Indian Trail, NC March 2010 to June 2012 • Provide phone and email technical support to customers purchasing wireless data products and services.  • Tier-1 Technical Support for a wide variety of wireless data networking devices including:  • Cellular data routers from Sierra Wireless, Cradlepoint, Encore Networks, and other manufacturers  • Cellular data antennas and accessories  • Solution bench testing and design validation  • Field engineering including site-surveys, field installations, and on-site support Education GED Central Piedmont Community College Skills Management (7 years), Excel (7 years), Word (7 years), Waterfall (5 years), Agile (3 years), Training (7 years), Linux (4 years), voip (3 years), Change Management (4 years), Customer Service (7 years), Risk Management (7 years), Program Management (3 years), Project Management (7 years), Process Improvement (7 years) Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/raymond-kinney-94a0237b/ Awards Employee Of The Month 2016-11 Certifications/Licenses PMP Training Certificate May 2018 to Present Assessments Organizational Skills — Proficient February 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to arrange and manage files or records using a set of rules. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/9oqk-rxdbcbtomra Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.