Consultant/ Project Manager Consultant/<span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager Chicago, IL ? Extremely motivated professional with 6 years of experience Supported Executive Level officers on department wide projects.  ? Proficient in the use of such software tools as MS Project, SharePoint, Project Server, and MS Office.  ? Communication - Firm liaison between companies, case participants and attorneys to gather information regarding legal cases. Communicate with employees at all levels of organizations law firms.  ? Sales - Aspiring to leverage my Corporate, group sales background and experience in a competitive goal-oriented role.  ? Excellent business requirement & analytical skills with an ability to work in a team-environment as well as independently, managing workload within time sensitive deadlines.  ? Capable of handling fast-paced environments and articulate communicator with building rapport at all levels with internal and external associates. Work Experience Consultant/ Project Manager Deloitte - Chicago, IL March 2019 to Present Tracking and monitoring project spend for resources for PM's  ? Attending and taking minutes and notes for the Executive Steering Committee  ? Weekly usage of MS Project  ? Daily giving SharePoint access to users requesting access to Project SharePoint site  ? Updating the calendar of the Principal Project Leader  ? Completing catering orders for meetings as requested  ? Adding and removing resources from the Project distribution list  ? Facilitating meeting request from the Senior. Program Manager and PMO office  ? Completing projects as assigned for Keystone delivering projects on time and accurately  ? Using preferred delivery methods and standards for projects via (Jira, and Clarity)  ? Completing PPP for projects as assigned  ? Facilitating and planning catering and meeting set-ups  ? All other projects as assigned by Senior Program Manager IT Project Manager (Contractor) Steel Partners - Addison, IL June 2018 to January 2019 Improved and managed processes in rebranding and restructuring IT Team for a Multi-Billion Dollar Holdings Company  ? Implemented and managed weekly scrum meetings for IT team for project overview for end users  ? Created incentives for SharePoint Site for SharePoint Team which allocated productivity meeting deadlines for site implementation before it goes live for end users  ? Implemented and managed quarterly workshops for the IT team throughout the year Implemented company Newsletter and Executive Summary for Board members Created procurement process for IT Department for end users  ? Streamlined hiring process with ADP software implementations within the HR department working with end users to develop and complete project  ? Met all project deadlines weekly assigned by CIO  ? Managed Travel arrangements for CIO weekly  ? Worked with end users to develop a proficient system in procurement to complete annual forecasting for procurement while working with supply chain and logistics within procurement, for end users, and the supplier of the hardware orders  ? Traveled to Salt Lake City, Utah, and Minneapolis Minnesota to help implement new procedures within IT department not limited too supply chain and logistics, rebranding and marketing, and structure implementation for end users/team  ? Managed and planned quarterly IT workshops, and annual IT Summit events  ? Managed weekly scrum meetings for end users  ? Managed event marketing of the IT Summit  ? Implemented and managed billing process via Excel to streamline and automated current system creating IT budgeting system  ? Implemented and managed Asana into the team environment for project collaboration and tracking for end users for all IT projects  ? Implemented and managed KACE system to create tickets for ordering Corporate technology for tracking company assets for end users Project Manager/Consultant McDonalds Corporation March 2018 to June 2018 Global Supply Chain/Logistics & Sustainability    ? Managed daily scrum team meetings to update Senior Project Manager on status of work completed with ongoing projects  ? Transferred data from RRMS forms into PPNG submissions project in Impact for end users  ? Managed an analysis project regarding beef, chicken, and poultry to help the Global Supply team differentiate suppliers around the world ensuring they are in compliance with US standards for food supplies and labor laws for end users  ? Worked as a Proxy/ Project Manager adding users in Impact to allow for third party McDonald's vendors the ability to manipulate supply chain information including raw data for end users  ? Managed continuous projects as needed within the Global Supply Chain/Logistics and Sustainability for end users  ? Daily usage of Moveit, Excel, Impact, SharePoint, and Outlook Project Coordinator/Administrative Assistant Clune Construction - Chicago, IL July 2017 to September 2017 Supported the CFO, VP of Finance, Chairman and Founder and VP of Business Development  ? Managed all other Projects as requested for Chairman  ? Managed event planning projects  ? Managed all marketing for Chairman's annual events for end users  ? Managed all travel arrangements including all flights, cars, and hotel arrangements required for travel for Chairman  ? Answered all calls and emails accordingly  ? Managed Chairman's calendar, updated daily for meetings, appointments, and travel schedule  ? Managed all mail and assorted to Chairman accordingly  ? Managed all emails for Chairman  ? Made weekly reservations (lunch, dinner) for meetings for Chairman and end users  ? Overnighted sensitive internal documents and messengered sensitive internal documents for end users  ? Managed special projects working with accounting team for end users  ? Mailed out accounting checks weekly  ? Managed weekly invoice check requests projects  ? Managed meeting memorandum's and official letters for CFO and VP of Finance and Chairman  ? Managed and inputted new vendor identification numbers (W-9's) into system to payout invoices for end users Coordinator/ Administrative Assistant II Hilton World Wide - Chicago, IL October 2014 to November 2016 - Corporate, Group Sales  ? Supported two National Sales Directors meeting a 34Million Dollar annual sales goal combined  ? Worked as a project manager/liaison for end users on accounts such as Verizon, Bristol Myers-Squibb, Sprint, At&t, Apple, and Daiichi Sankyo, to ensure end users request were handled accordingly for sleeping rooms, and meetings in all Hilton Brand hotels  ? Managed event planning, project management, and marketing for various events hosted by Hilton for end users  ? Daily usage of Salesforce, Delphi, and Concur  ? Managed Input, review and/or retrieve information from various databases, spreadsheets and/or other programs in order to produce reports, written correspondence and analysis for all projects accordingly  ? Managed project reports updated database information in Global SFA as it pertains to SPR(s) hit list, lead updates and status including but not limited to decisions, decision due dates, and lead status  ? Confidentially managed information concerning team goals, leads, end user information, salaries and personnel issues  ? Completed project management for Apple projects per request of end user quarterly and semi-annually  ? Managed and maintain monthly hotel project presentations, calendar updates, including but not limited to confirming hotel presentation dates, assisting with conference room set up/audio visual equipment, sending/ receiving promotional materials and coordinating delivery times for hotels with caterers when applicable  ? Completed project management for all hotels doing "opt-ins" for Daiichi Sankyo exclusive contract guaranteeing events in hotels that "opt-in" annually  ? Managed and maintain FAM trip calendar including but not limited to working with hotel on reviewing approved guidelines, confirming approved travel dates/times, participant list/special needs as well as distributing invitations, confirming RSVPs and distributing promotional material for end users  ? Managed monthly coordination and transmission of invoices, AMEX and expense reports for end users  ? Promptly answers telephone calls, greeted end users with a positive and clear voice; listen to employees, customers and vendors and end users to understand requests and provide accurate information and assistance  ? Managed mail distribution as needed (stuffing envelopes, printing labels and handling special itemized packages)  ? Managed all special projects as directed or required per Directors needs and end users  ? Traveled to events to help with day of task for end users (New York, Philadelphia, and New Jersey)  ? Managed all "A" account clients list for Multi-Billion Dollar accounts for all major events for end users  ? Managed "hit-list" project quarterly for Director to track sales goals for the year  ? Organized and managed "sales calls" and "lunch and learns" during events for end users  ? Managed PowerPoint presentations for all sales calls with end users  ? Managed catered food orders for sales calls for end users  ? Managed and completed all "bill backs" to hotels after events completion via Excel Project Coordinator/ Executive Assistant Warwick Allerton Hotels - Chicago, IL June 2014 to October 2014 Assistant to the Vice-President, interim General Manager, Director of Sales, Sales Managers and hotel Department Heads  ? Scheduled and managed meetings for the VP/General Manager and Department Heads for all hotel projects  ? Managed Sales voicemails accordingly  ? Daily usage of Salesforce and Delphi  ? Completed project management as requested daily  ? Completed project in assisting Sales Managers meet sales goals via routing contracts to appropriate Manager daily  ? Managed and completed project which created a fiscal year hotel budget  ? Managed documentation routing to accounting for payouts  ? Daily usage of Delphi and Opera  ? Routed all Request for proposals to Director of Sales and Sales Managers  ? Created gift certificates for the hotel for end users  ? Managed and completed marketed code statistics reports project and input data into excel spreadsheet monthly  ? Conducted daily check drops  ? Completed project management for VP daily  ? Managed daily check-logs  ? Routed all calls to appropriate departments  ? Transacted facsimile, copies, scans documents daily  ? Created emails through dictation from General Manager and compiled information into documentation to distribute to the VP, GM, and all Department Heads after all meetings or any projects discussions  ? Coordinated travel arrangements  ? Distributed mail accordingly  ? Managed meeting minutes and notes, distributing per request  ? Managed daily Market Metrix scores and comments from guests through responding to positive and negative feedback on the hotel  ? Managed show rooms for site visits and events at the hotel for end users  ? Managed all door cards, gift certificates, menus, breakfast vouchers and parking vouchers projects daily for end users  ? Managed all hotel signs by lamination for all department projects  ? Managed all supply orders for Executive office and individual departments in the hotel monthly  ? Managed wedding room blocks ensuring guests and bride and groom are assisted with any special request  ? Managed all purchase order projects logging them accordingly  ? Managed banquet and wedding kits for sales and event team for end users  ? Managed mail drops for outgoing and incoming mail for the Executive suite  ? Managed all fed-ex delivery pick-up request for department  ? Managed and created all food and beverage labels for hotel events for end users Project Legal Assistant - Internship Beals Law - Chicago, IL June 2012 to June 2014 Conducted case research for relative case law or information in regard to legal cases  ? Firm liaison between companies, case participants and attorneys to gather information regarding legal cases  ? Proof read legal documents in preparation for court trials  ? Completed confidential Project Management per request  ? Proficient at using West Law and online search engines for legal research Financial Aid Advisor Career Education Corporation - Schaumburg, IL February 2012 to May 2012 Daily usage of PeopleSoft  ? Assisted students with completing their FAFSA, and Student Disclosure forms  ? Informed students on financial aid eligibility  ? Informed students of alternative payment methods for tuition  ? Compiled files and personal student information with discretion  ? Answered all financial aid related questions concerning tuition rates, FAFSA, private loans and private pay  ? Explained required documentation to students based on financial aid eligibility to start classes Education B.A. in Management in Management DePaul University 2012 Skills EXCEL, OUTLOOK, MS POWERPOINT, POWERPOINT, WORD, Microsoft Project, Scheduling, budget, Sales, Customer Service Additional Information Skills    ? ADP (5 years)  ? Event Marketing  ? Delphi (3 years)  ? Word, Outlook  ? MS PowerPoint (5 years)  ? PowerPoint (5 years)  ? Westlaw (Less than 1 year)  ? Procurement  ? Event Coordination  ? ERP  ? Event Planning (75 to 2,000 guest)  ? Excel (5 years)  ? Supply Chain  ? Scrum Master  ? SDLC  ? Salesforce  ? PeopleSoft  ? Logistics  ? End Users