Engagement Manager & Assistant Vice President Engagement <span class="hl">Manager</span> &amp; Assistant Vice President Jersey City, NJ An Engagement Manager with six years of data analytics work experience, specializing in risk management, modelling, data management, process optimization, and project consultation. Leveraging this experience to lead sales and business development. Work Experience Engagement Manager & Assistant Vice President EXL Service.com, LLC July 2018 to Present * Sales & marketing lead for the CECL Credit Loss Calculator, a turnkey solution for loss estimation developed in partnership with TransUnion. Liaison to partners in TransUnion, coordinating prospect targeting, competitive research thought leadership development, and event promotion.  * Coordinate & prepare RFI responses across 8 verticals and conduct briefings for analyst firm evaluations, with strong placements Forrester & IDC and an honorable mention in Gartner's Magic Quadrant.  * Managed an analytics team of four, oversaw credit risk and marketing initiatives, and designed a debt capacity model and the first non-card lending product for a major credit card company on a team of six.  * Created and implemented a commercial debt capacity model which increased lending capacity, drove cost savings from reduced losses, and generated $10M in post-tax income.  * Designed, launched the first non-card commercial lending product which has distributed over $1B of loans by July 2019, oversaw planning, implementation, and testing, and developed 10 new credit risk, reporting, and analytics features.  * Conducted CART and regression analytics and modeling, and determined risk, opportunity, operational gaps in supporting of marketing and product teams, and provided consultation for marketing campaigns.  * Trained the analytics team on credit card functionality, client structure, data systems, commercial underwriting, SAS programming, Hadoop, Hive, and Teradata.  * Researched, developed, and implemented a process for the integration of accounting and transactional data into analytics, and enabled regression analysis to determine instances of fraud. Project Manager & Senior Manager EXL Service.com, LLC July 2016 to Present Various Titles EXL Service, EXL Analytics - Jersey City, NJ March 2013 to July 2016 Data Analytics Engineer The Navanti Group LLC - Arlington, VA September 2011 to March 2013 * Created and refined processes, systems, and tools for data analytics, designed models, and conducted forecasting for a defense contractor on a team of 60.  * Developed a PHP threat assessment tool which tracked armed groups within a specified area, modeled effectiveness across human and physical terrain, and compiled data into a heatmap for client usage.  * Designed a central template for the tracking of terrorist attacks, cyber-attacks, shootings, bombings, protests, rallies, and military and para-military actions, which standardized the process across five teams, enabling more comprehensive analysis and integration with more advanced data systems.  * Implemented and refined three models and systems for data management, forecasting, and incident tracking utilizing PHP, MySQL, and JavaScript which enabled comprehensive assessment and quantitative analysis. IT & Operations Consultant HADPRO June 2011 to September 2011 Education Bachelor of Science in (B.S.) Engineering Swarthmore College - Swarthmore, PA May 2011 Skills Hadoop, Hive, Html, Javascript, Json, Php, Python, Vba, Data management, Hadoop, Sas, Data analysis, Mysql, jquery, Ms office, Css, Financial analysis, Financial modeling, Risk management, Strategic planning, Product Development, Product Management, E-Commerce Links http://WWW.LINKEDIN.COM/IN/MIKEJTICEHURST Assessments Management & Leadership Skills: Planning & Execution — Expert August 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to effectively plan and manage resources to accomplish organizational goals. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/0uc7z-93b-czfti1 Management & Leadership Skills: Impact & Influence — Highly Proficient August 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to adapt their leadership style to accomplish goals using rational or emotional appeal. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/h52us6cnx7snbunh Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.