Project Management <span class="hl">Project</span> Management Project Management - Body Shop at BMW Spartanburg Simpsonville, SC Team leader with academic and professional background in business and sales management. Experience in a diverse range of company environments. Passionate about process improvement, supply chain, logistics, and project management. Customer-orientated. Proven ability to multi-task and perform effectively under pressure. Highly adept at communicating/selling verbally and in writing. Background in:    • Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Project • Project Management  • Sales Administration & Training • Promoting products and services  • CRM Management • Customer service Work Experience Project Management Body Shop at BMW Spartanburg April 2019 to Present support for the Body Shop at BMW Spartanburg    • Communication MGMT - Meeting organization, moderation, and minute taking for launch coordination, technical planning, quality management, rack planning, and logistics  • Reporting MGMT - Weekend work report updates for framing and side framing. Easter Shutdown & Summer Shutdown reporting  • Organizational MGMT - Shutdown preparations & attendance tracking Project Manager March 2018 to Present IT Project Manager BMW Spartanburg, Manaus, & San Luis Potosi March 2018 to March 2019 • Project Manager for the BMW IT team, responsible for steering new building constructions to successful completion while working with the BMW construction & planning teams - includes Time and Schedule MGMT, Communication MGMT, Reporting MGMT, & Chance & Risk MGMT  • Ran weekly meetings with Key Account Managers, Construction Managers, Planning Representatives, Work Place Solutions, Network Engineering, and Data Center to drive open topics to completion  • Provided weekly status reporting based on KPIs and qualitative factors  • Creation and management of the Project Timeline from an IT perspective Project Controls Specialist Fluor Government Group - PR January 2018 to February 2019 • US Army Corps of Engineers (USACE) Repair and Restoration of Electrical Power Grid in Puerto Rico - in partnership with Puerto Rican Electric Power Authority (PREPA) and the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA).  • Liaison between Field Engineers, Headquarters, Subcontractors, Operations, Scheduling, Change Management, Materials, and more - documentation, reporting, planning, scheduling, data mining, database construction, and critical assignments. Account Manager & Account Coordinator Nutra Manufacturing, GNC - Greenville, SC May 2016 to January 2018 • Promoted from Account Coordinator to Account Manager in December 2016  • Effectively worked with receiving, planning, purchasing, production, quality, packaging, shipping, finance, and other depts. to improve customer satisfaction, on time delivery, & sales  • Achieved sales goals in 2016, managing hundreds of SKUs & thousands of orders  • Impacted sales dollars & improved margins by identifying, attacking, and negotiating sales that align with Nutra's target structure while also managing unique projects & product launches.  • Managed customer relationships, expectations, visits/tours, sales forecasts, inventory, raw materials, packaging materials, systems, and special situations Account Executive & Sales Manager - Warehousing, Fulfillment, & Call Center Direct Outbound Services, LLC - Greenville, SC August 2014 to May 2016 • Grew Direct Outbound from a 5,000 sq. ft. warehouse to a 50,000 sq. ft. warehouse by generating sales outside typical channels & within the Direct Response Marketing arena.  • Signed two clients from Shark Tank - Call Center & Fulfillment  • Connected Direct Outbound with Nutra, which lead to a local partnership - manufacturing of our company's e-commerce product  • Provided international logistics support from client's manufacturing countries to our location and consulted clients on best shipping strategies for final delivery.  • Provide solutions for warehouse efficiency, time management, and communication within departments  • Effectively trained sales intern to increase leads & sales  • Trade show sales experience - Affiliate Summit East & West, ERA D2C, Ad:Tech, Natural Products Expo - Also built relationships outside of sales floor at dinners, events, etc. sales leads UPS - Pittsburgh, PA January 2014 to August 2014 Achieved sales goals in 2013 by effectively selling the UPS brand, which includes business consulting, technology, contracts, agreements, and services (small package, freight, LTL, TL, international, international freight)  •Achieved metrics for validated sales and talk time. Implemented contract growth while maintaining effective professional relationships and utilization of teamwork with Inside Sales co-workers and Outside Sales force to maximize time and success  •Data mining for identification of sales leads  •Retained customers who were approached by our competitors and grew market share. Maximized internal resources and effectively managed sales growth  •Continuous self-development - sales techniques, technology, services, pricing, and target identification  •Showing leadership competencies by sharing pertinent information within my team, and supporting colleagues' development plans Account Manager/ Inside Sales UPS - Greenville, SC August 2012 to August 2014 Jan 2013- Dec 2013 Reading, PA and the surrounding areas Education MBA University of South Carolina - Greenville, SC Present Bachelor of Science in Business Administration in Marketing University of South Carolina - Columbia, SC August 2010 University of Groningen - Groningen, NL February 2009 to July 2009 USC Skills Outlook, Scheduling Certifications/Licenses Driver's License