IT Specialist <span class="hl">IT</span> Specialist IT Specialist Work Experience IT Specialist Easterseals, Irvine July 2018 to May 2019 • Provided technical expertise on regional and national platforms by representing and advocating for field missions.  • Developed primary efforts to plan, organize, coordinate and undertake briefings and information exchange opportunities.  • Technical Writer: Created and edited company-wide training guidelines to improve clarity and consistency.  • Designed FAQ forms and videos for the Help Desk. Built and strengthened internal support and knowledge bases.  • Analyzed technical issues, requirements, developments and tested software; developed strategies for technical issues and policy guidance.  • Ensured all software components functioned efficiently and contributed to the database. Mortgage Banker Network Capital, Irvine April 2018 to July 2018 • Provided briefing documents, reports and/or written analyses regarding policies and positions on difficult or complex matters for inter-agency policy discussions.  • Ensured all credit and financial conditions complied with all state and federal regulations.  • Connected to disengage conflict, promote democracy, governance and education.  • Performed analysis for eligibility, provided financial counseling and advised a comprehensive plan for the borrower to follow in order to qualify for a loan. Corporate Receptionist Rushmore Loan Management Services, Irvine June 2016 to April 2018 • Assisted the HR team with on-boarding and termination processes.  • Provided backstopping support for missions with respect to programs and operations.  • Maintained the telecommunication spreadsheets, directories and office services.  • Booked conference rooms for our offices in Puerto Rico, Texas and California. Engagement Management Coordinator KPMG - Los Angeles, CA February 2015 to June 2015 • Met and collaborated with MS Access programmers to make departmental and corporation-wide applications more efficient.  • Analyzed trends for economic development for making recommendations to upper-management. Evaluated and interpreted research findings as a basis for further investigation.  • Provided technical coordination and evaluated international research on sustainable development.  • Worked with the engagement team in analyzing data such as coding, invoicing, time and expense items.  • Provided support and research for Mergers and Acquisitions and International Tax.  • Researched potential acquisitions to benchmark industry relevance and the impact of it being financially beneficial. Teacher American British School - Mexico City, MX November 2012 to January 2015 • Business Advanced English: Supervised, devised, evaluated, wrote and produced progressive business language related materials, including audio and visual resources.  • Organized and delivered lectures to create a vibrant atmosphere. Diagnosed and assessed English language competency and provided advice regarding the students' difficulties.  • Recorded and reported on the development, progress and attainment of students. Provided guidance for the learning process toward the achievement of curriculum goals and objectives as indicated in the lesson plans. Analyst 2 Wells Fargo - Santa Ana, CA October 2009 to November 2012 • Used expertise in resolution of problems and issues related to substantive mission-oriented programs that influenced development and maintenance of relationships within our private industry.  • Operated under FHA, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac guiding principles complying to guidelines.  • Worked with Anti Money Laundering monitoring with account/transaction policies/procedures. Analyzed and resolved budget-related issues for numerous accounts.  • Applied fundamental fiscal concepts; prepared written and oral budgetary recommendations for implementation within department resources.  • Evaluated and validated all data, re-calculated and substantiated financial statements; provided information essential to process for clients located throughout the United States.  • Provided input for an efficient communications and presentation development team. Responded to opportunities with a prompt and adequate follow-up for management activities. Project Manager Brilliant ID July 2007 to July 2008 • Supervised and hired employees; communication link and liaison for development, strategic planning, budget preparations and program reviews.  • Served as the organizational spokesperson at meetings, formal and informal briefings, and workshops on technical complex program activities.  • Developed policies and recommended appropriate choices, on the basis of comprehensive analysis of development problems, alternative actions and objectives.  • Communicated completed work and achievements for reports and publications.  • Priced business proposals to actual business expenditures and or negotiated a sufficient price.  • Calculated and reported on deviations of departmental authorized practices and measures.    Software:  Microsoft Excel (vlookup and pivot table), Power Point, Access, Outlook, Visio, Word, Adobe Photoshop, MSP, LPS, SnagIt and Illustrator. Education B.A. in Business Management Concordia University 2009 B.A. in International Business École Supérieure Libre des Sciences Commerciales Appliquées - Paris, FR 2008