Sales representative/ IT Business Analyst Sales representative/<span class="hl">IT</span> Business Analyst Sales representative/ IT Business Analyst Knoxville, TN Sales Representative/ Data Business Analyst    Goal-oriented and results-driven Sales Data Analyst with 20+ years of experience in the sales, nonprofit, education, airline, and steel industries with MoreThanData, Texas A&M University, Eastern/Continental Airlines, and US Steel/Granite City Steel. Strengths include:    • Evaluate & strategize solutions for business needs  • Cold call and follow up on leads  • CRM system knowledge to facilitate sales efforts  • Excellent customer service  • Ability to give excellent sales presentations  • Responsive to customer needs  • Computer background allows for strategic software success    Technical Experience: Microsoft Office Suite, Access, Visual Studio, MS SQL Server, GIT, HTML, CSS, Tableau, ADO, Balsamiq, Jira, Certified Scrum Master, Certified Scrum Product Owner Work Experience Sales representative/ IT Business Analyst MoreThanData - Knoxville, TN February 2017 to April 2019 • Cold calls, networking, and sales webinars to assist with sale efforts. Sold Customer Relationship Management (CRM) software.  • Optimize software performance by conducting user acceptance testing, performing system analysis, recommending changes to overcome inefficiencies, and collaborating with developers to remove coding errors.  • Initiated communication via emailing and phone conversations for meetings with key individuals to expedite the development process.  • Provided online user training for the software product.    Professional Experience Prince Product Pro Player Representative Knoxville, TN 2012 to 2017 Promoted Prince rackets through brand usage and product promotion.    Sales and Business Analyst experience prior to 2007:    NavPress Books Outside Sales Representative - Texas & TN  • Met with store owners to encourage NavPress book sales in the Southern, Texas region.    Project Manager/ IT Business Analyst - TEXAS A&M UNIVERSITY College Station, TX    • Achieved success in coordinating the development of the software application, computer interface, and website that provided weekly computer usage allotment used by 35,000 students/faculty at the University.  • Improved the ability of students to use the application by working with developers to create the new User Interface (UI), anticipating user needs, and ensuring that interface contained elements that were easy to access and understand by the students. Assisted the developers with mockups and a prototype for the new UI system.  • Interacted extensively with students to gather requirements, translate business requirements into functional instruction, and develop, test, and produce programs.  • Submitted regular reports and updates to department IT Director on project progress.  • Provided phone support to assist students with user questions regarding student accounts and used this information to improve overall operations of the help desk in quickly resolving student issues.  • Identified software issues and recommended cost-effective solutions to meet student needs. Building Project Manager - RESIDENTIAL CONSTRUCTION PROJECT Knoxville, TN October 2015 to December 2016 Designed and built a custom home that included meeting with architect firm on home design, coordinating project with subcontractors, selecting interior/exterior finishes, purchasing materials, and managing budget. Editor/ Project Manager/Ad Sales - E ARCHITECT MAGAZINE - Knoxville, TN 2007 to 2009 • Managed operations of this monthly magazine publication including developing stories/articles, networking with real estate professionals and builders for feature homes, and soliciting advertisers.  • Coordinated with builders and suppliers throughout Knoxville, Chattanooga, and greater East Tennessee.  • Sold over 5K-8K worth of advertising per magazine.  • Successfully met the deadline by submitting all components of the magazine: advertisements, articles, and content. Education B.S. in Computer Science SOUTHERN ILLINOIS UNIVERSITY CARBONDALE May 2019