Project Execution Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> Execution <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager Philadelphia, PA ? Proven success supporting capital programs for IT and facilitating proactive solutions in a fast pace and competitive environment.  ? Solid experience with project scheduling, project management and business analysis.  ? Effective collaboration with Project Managers, Project Resources and Resource Managers.  ? Exceptional B2B/B2C relationship management skills.  ? Advanced knowledge of Business Software Applications and Software Development.  ? Utilized project management tools including MS Project, Project Server and SharePoint.  ? ITIL Foundations Certified Work Experience Project Execution Manager Experis/Manpower - J.P. Morgan - Jersey City, NJ September 2017 to Present Achievements  ? Streamlined Business as Usual (BAU) work stream, which led to approximately 20% decrease in delivery lead times.  ? Created and Published BAU Dashboard in Real-Time Confluence Page. End Result led to Full Transparency of Business as Usual Service Desk to Management and Partners.  ? Led Cyber Remediation Initiative - Apache/Tomcat Vulnerability Remediation Project. Organized, managed and completed patching of 60 applications spanning 350+ hosts across AWM.  Day-to-Day  • Manage execution of Project and BAU Initiatives. Coordinate, communicate, and lead project teams to drive project momentum while delivering high-quality Infrastructure to AD.  • Serve as a liaison between Stakeholders, Executives, Solution Architects and Engineers.  • Build effective business relationships with AD and maintain continuous communication channels to ensure deliverables are met in a timely manner.  • Prioritize BAU Service Desk Tickets and Project Tasks on a daily basis to ensure delivery timelines are met.  • Dashboard BAU Status Reports and publish Weekly Project Status Reports in Confluence to maintain a high-level of transparency with the business and our partners.  • Single Point of Contact to BAU Service Desk and continuously stride to improve BAU processes and service to the business. Project Scheduler II American Water - Cherry Hill, NJ January 2014 to January 2017 Created, Published, and Updated multiple project plans in Project Server for 5+ Project Managers.  ? Created and maintained multiple project plans with work breakdown structure, activities, deliverables and milestones using Microsoft Project.  ? Communicated consistently with project managers, project resources, and resource managers to gather information for successful project schedule management.  ? Maintained resource-loaded project schedules in which resource time is planned and entered at the phase and task level.  ? Approved and managed resource time-sheets in Project Server Web App (Internal & External Resources).  ? Reviewed resource estimates and forecasts are incorporated accurately in monthly project forecast.  ? Created SharePoint dashboards and PowerPoint project status reports with Project Server to share detailed project plan information including percentages of completion, milestones, upcoming tasks and late tasks.  ? SharePoint Admin for various Capital IT initiatives and PMO Investment Projects.    Capital Analyst II  ? Administered Capital IT Budget (25M +) for AW Regulated States, Infrastructure & Operations, and Service Company.  ? Prepared requisitions and administered SOWs based on project requirements.  ? Managed Capital projects from initiation to closure using Microsoft Project, Project Server and SharePoint.  ? Preformed preliminary budget analysis for PMs and assist in preparation of final budget documents.  ? Created and maintained multiple project plans with work breakdown structure, activities, deliverables and milestones using Microsoft Project.  ? Maintained resource-loaded project schedules in which resource time is planned and entered at the phase and task level.  ? Communicated consistently with project managers, project resources, and resource managers to gather information for successful project schedule management.  ? Conduct meetings on Capital budgets spend with Regulated States, Team Leads and Management.  ? Performed ad hoc SQL querying/reporting in Power Plant, SAP, and Remedy to generate business insights and gauge capital budget spending.  ? Created process documents, business flow diagrams (MS VISIO), system flow (MS VISIO) diagrams and other documentation to support Capital Management Team Consultant - Capital Analyst I American Water - Voorhees, NJ April 2012 to January 2014 Administered Capital IT Budget for AW Regulated States, Infrastructure & Operations, and Service Company.  ? Managed Capital projects from initiation to closure using PowerPlant.  ? Assisted strategic procurement for IT hardware and Software acquisitions.  ? Recorded new or retired Capital Assets via As-builts in PowerPlant.  ? Assisted with strategic procurement for IT hardware and Software acquisitions.  ? Performed Asset tracking using SCCM tool to maintain current asset records and GAP reporting.  ? Created metrics and High-Level dashboards to manage Capital Assets for all regulated States and Service Company.  ? Maintained IT Capital Management documents, ITCM processes, and metrics in SharePoint.  ? SharePoint Admin for Infrastructure & Operations and Capital Management teams. IT Financial Analyst Intern Scrier Asset Management - Union, NJ August 2010 to January 2011 Supported PMO with Business Transformation Program and JD Edwards Enterprise One Upgrade Project.  ? Managed PMO resources in Microsoft Project and facilitated JDE Time Entry.  ? Researched and present budget variances and status reports to PMs.  ? Prepared status report presentations using Microsoft PowerPoint.  ? Created and published project documents in SharePoint. Junior Buyer/ Inventory Kent H Landsberg - Cranbury, NJ March 2008 to May 2010 Completed approved purchase orders, requisitions for amounts up to $4 Million annually using Oracle's PeopleSoft software.  ? Assisted in negotiating supply contracts of $500k-$1 Million annually and formulated policies with suppliers and management.  ? Reached or exceeded $8K monthly cost savings quota continuously for 1.5 years.  ? Participated in over 50+ projects on development of specifications for services, equipment, products, and supplies.  ? Worked and maintained professional relationships with 100+ Suppliers including Major Manufactures: Sealed Air, 3M, Bunzl and Clients Mercedes Benz, BMW, Toshiba.  ? Reviewed, evaluated, and approved specifications for issuing and awarding bids to suppliers through RFQ process.  ? Especially skilled at product sourcing, managing inventory, and understanding technical manufacturing processes.  ? Researched market/economic conditions weekly via reports, publications, and the internet.  ? Extensive use of Microsoft SQL databases and Cloud Computing software to manage RFQ/RFP. Education B.S. in Finance Rowan University Skills MICROSOFT PROJECT, SHAREPOINT, SQL, PEOPLESOFT, SAP Additional Information Technical Skills  Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint, Outlook, Visio) Vlookups, Pivot, Macros, Formulas.  Microsoft Project 2013, Project Web Access. SharePoint 2013 Admin, Confluence and JIRA Admin  Advance Knowledge: SAP/SAP ECC Modules/JDE/PeopleSoft/ServiceNow/PowerPlant/TAMS  BMC IT Service Management/ SQL Reporting.