Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager - PerfOpt Technologies Phoenix, AZ Seeking a challenging position in frontend development in order to apply practical experiences in gathering  requirements and designing flexible solutions for effective software development management. Work Experience Project Manager PerfOpt Technologies December 2016 to Present • Oversaw development of educational VR content using both Unity and Unreal Engine for the HTC Vive and Samsung Gear platforms.  • Assigned and prioritized tasks for team members based on gathered project requirements for efficient  agile development.  • Streamlined the production of application development within deadlines. Developer KNOZE Capstone Project - Phoenix, AZ September 2016 to Present • Developed online media sharing platform solving inefficient studying strategies for students.  • Prototyped user interface using Axure RP and Photoshop to optimize time allotted for milestones.  • Collaborated with a group of six to design and develop a functioning front end web application while incorporating scrum methodology. Team Developer KNOZE Capstone Project November 2016 to February 2017 Nov. 2016 - Feb. 2017  • Educational experience involving hands-on interaction with bones and organs in the human body.  • Implemented Rapid Application Design for proof of concept for educational potential of VR.  • Developed for HTC VIVE platform using Blender and Unity with C# IT Manager February 2015 to December 2016 Developed STEAM curriculum for students to learn about robotics, game development, and various 3D  technologies.  • Instructed courses and incorporated applications of all course material to students of different  background.  • Managed and trained new employees with self-developed guidelines.    PROJECTS Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Informatics Arizona State University - Tempe, AZ May 2017 Awards Deans List 2016 2016-12 Additional Information SKILLS  Languages: Software/Tools: Relevant Coursework:  C# Development: GitHub Programming for the Web  Java Visual Studio Web Design and Development  Swift Prototyping: Axure RP Web Information Mgt System  JavaScript Justinmind Intro to Programming Languages  JSON Photoshop Object-Oriented Program & Data  HTML/CSS Database: MS Access Programming for Soc & Int Med  SQL MySQL Information Systems Engineering  MongoDB Human Computer Interaction