Project Management Analyst <span class="hl">Project</span> Management Analyst Springfield, VA Army Veteran, TS clearance, Project Management, Data Analysis and Visualization. Work Experience Project Management Analyst US Department of State - Washington, DC December 2018 to Present ?   Managing a project to develop a human-capital web-based tool for a government client. I charted the work breakdown structure for this project, and I am leading the implementation phase of the plan using an Agile approach. My responsibilities include enforcing the Agile core values throughout all project cycles, leading Scrum meetings, managing the backlog of the project using MS Project, planning and articulating sprint sessions, meeting the product owner and stakeholders to identify new system requirements and improve existing features, establishing goals and milestones, identifying and managing potential schedule delays, tracking and communicating team’s velocity and sprint progress to senior leadership through in-person presentations and written reports on a weekly basis.   ?   Led the process to develop User Stories, defined Functional Requirements and Business Rules, and created Acceptance Criteria to design the tool. This process included drafting survey questions for end-users, creating the questionnaire format (data validation formatting), organizing and leading the interview process, consulting with SMEs to find the correct functionality and business logic, and researching applicable Acceptance Criteria.   ?   Led the UI and UX development process. I worked with stakeholders and developers and created high-level UI designs (mockups) and related documentation including wireframes. I conceptualized these demos using MockFlow. This UI/UX process allowed us to reduce development time and tailor the tool to meet client’s expectations on-demand.  ?   Assisted in the development of highly interactive and customized dashboards in Tableau Desktop to visualize data from several programs. This task included identifying, analyzing, and connecting multiple data sources, creating coherent and appealing data visualizations for non-technical audiences, managing datasets and updating workbooks in a Tableau server, and designing interactive dashboards with multiple filters, data stories, and logical layout.  Sr. Business and Data Analyst US General Services Administration - Washington, DC March 2017 to December 2017 ?   Assumed the role of Project Manager and led a team of three analysts to redesign and develop a web-tool. As a Project Manager I was responsible for coordinating and leading daily team and client meetings, analyzing client requirements and decomposing them into sprints and epics, ensuring that team's services and deliverables met customer expectations, delegating work assignments, managing change using JIRA software, and delivering monthly reports with presentations.  ?   Developed comprehensive and intuitive dashboards in Tableau with descriptive statistics showing the progress and results of multiple programs. Dashboard development included selecting adequate visual design for the given data, querying and analyzing multiple databases, selecting proper dashboard functionality for end-user, complying with government IT regulations and standards (508), documenting the elaboration process, and drafting the User Guide.   ?   Conducted quantitative and qualitative analysis of IT categorization with the GSA- IT Category Management office to determine how the government can efficiently and cost-effectively procure IT equipment. Analysis included finding inefficiencies in current policies at the agency level and drafting documents to promote change on regulations and streamline the acquisition process. IT Project Manager US Agency for International Development - Washington, DC December 2014 to March 2017 ?   Led a team of four analysts to manage two IT projects following the Agile core values. My responsibilities included developing a project management plan with milestones and deliverables, creating a work breakdown structure using online tool Smartsheet, defining requirements, assigning resources, monitoring and reporting budget changes, managing quality assurance and project risks, and drafting and delivering presentations on progress to senior leadership.  ?   Managed a project to design and develop a Customer Relationship Management (CRM) application. This tool hosts more than 150 users, and it has been used as a model application to manage business relationships throughout the agency.   o   Worked side-by-side with software developers to isolate and solve back- and front-end problems to manage quality assurance and enhance end-user experience. This process included developing test-case scenarios for beta testers.  o   Prepared and facilitated semi-annual training with up to 30 participants on how to use the application. I also co-authored the User guide and the Technical guide.  ?   Managed a project to redesign and enhance a mobile application for a public audience. The redesign process involved making the platform compliant with government regulations (508) and branding guidelines, as well as improving user experience. The application is currently deployed in the Apple App Store, and was presented at the Global Entrepreneurial Summit (2016).  o   Coordinated and led scrum meetings for teams located in three different continents.   o   Traveled abroad to champion efforts, supervise deliverables and motivate team members.   o   Developed high and low fidelity wireframes using Adobe XD. Program Analyst US Agency for International Development - Washington, DC December 2013 to December 2014 ?   Assisted government initiative Power Africa to assemble and start the Private Capital Group unit. Among other tasks, I reorganized hundreds of documents from public and private sector partners into a more readable-accessible catalogue that is currently used by the program as the main source of information to run the Private Sector Partners team.  ?   Developed, monitored, and evaluated key performance indicators (KPIs). Created quarterly reports with assessment of progress on KPIs and drafted written analysis on trends and potential problems for the future of the program. Reports were used to brief Congress on mission accomplishment, and also to support information on annual reports 2016-2017. Team Leader US Army May 2005 to April 2010 ?  Assisted the U.S. Army's Regional Economic Director in developing economic strategies for a region in northern Iraq and in managing an annual budget of $250 million to foster economic growth in partnership with the local government.  ?  Helped to formulate and coordinate major construction projects for hospitals, schools, and water treatment plants.  ?  Served as a Deputy Facility Manager for an organization with 150 soldiers. Maintained accountability of over $5 million of military equipment; briefed the Company Commander with overall mission progress, issues, and upcoming events; coordinated the security of the facility; and planned actions to ensure the proper operation of the facility (water and power supply, resource consumption, and infrastructure maintenance).      Education Masters degree in Business University of Maryland University College - College Park, MD January 2017 to December 2018 Bachelors degree in Global Economics and Management George Mason University - Fairfax, VA January 2011 to December 2013 Military Service Branch: Army Service Country: United States Rank: Corporal May 2005 to April 2010 Honorably discharged.