Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager - Netcracker • Experienced, educated, certified Project Management Professional (PMP).  • Highly skilled in the comprehensive planning, development and deployment of complex, technical, large-scale hardware and software deployments.  • More specifically: more than 30 years of documented project management success in the IT, Healthcare, and Telecom industries.  • Extensive experience successfully managing customer relationships at all levels.  • Proven leadership skills necessary to excel at developing solutions and strategies to support overall project/program goals and objectives.  • Consistently demonstrated the ability to handle multiple, complex tasks in fast-paced, high-pressure, high profile environments.  • This diverse background ensures high adaptability and quick assimilation to any new work situation or challenge.  • Experienced in team building and people management both domestically and internationally.    PROFICIENCIES    • PMP  • PMO  • Project Management  • SDLC  • Team Building  • Financial Scope  • Project Budgeting  • Tracking Billables  • Project Quoting  • Stakeholder Reporting  • Vendor Management  • Agile/Waterfall  • Program Management  • Resource Management  • Project Planning  • Project Development Work Experience Project Manager Netcracker February 2018 to Present Lead cross-functional, multi-cultural, geographically dispersed teams Netcracker February 2017 to September 2018 • Lead cross-functional, multi-cultural, geographically dispersed teams of 25-50 people  • Manage customer expectations  • Ensure customer satisfaction  • Create and maintained project staffing plans, organizational chart, schedule, budget, RAID logs, weekly status reports, and other appropriate documentation  • Establish objectives for project team members and provide measurable results against established objectives  • Drive the0 creation of software, tools, and methodology to ensure ongoing efficiency enhancements for the delivery of Netcracker solutions  • Interact with Engineering and Product Management departments in an effective manner, providing input for ongoing product enhancements  • Represent Solution Delivery in presales activities, ensuring that Netcracker delivery methodologies are accurately represented to potential customers  • Provide input into Netcracker commercial agreements with customers and vendors, and represent Netcracker in commercial discussions  • Represent Netcracker on Project Steering Committees with customers  Spok 2/2017 - 9/2018  Project Manager  • Managed projects for Messaging and Alerting Software Solutions for the private sector for enhanced 911 and hospital environments. This job combines the program and project management skill sets while growing customer relations.  • Collaborates with clients as a consultant for product launch and roll out.  • Partner with multiple Resource Managers, Business Partners and vendors to assemble a project team (Matrix) and provide ongoing team motivation to drive projects to completion.  • Ensures profitability levels for assigned project as defined by services management.  • Manages all client engagement methodologies and risk management for best practice within the PMO.  • Lead the planning and implementation of project.  • Manage and resolve all risk.  • Define project tasks and resource requirements to develop full scale project plans. Sr. Consultant Project Manager Amdocs/AT&T December 2014 to November 2016 • Support U-Verse projects using AT&T's Information Technology Unified Process.  • Projects included LEAN, Agile and Waterfall methodologies.  • Responsible for obtaining and quoting all level of efforts for projects and change requests.  • Work with external clients and sponsors planning and executing projects, also teamed with Technical Solution Managers and Finance team to monitor scope, budgets, change management and take corrective action if needed.  • Track deliverables and action items and reporting project progress.  • Develop and manage project plans, resources and client relationships.  • Build and consolidate management presentations, internal and external status reports, etc  • Conduct research analysis using data gathering techniques.  • Partner with all impacted application teams to fine tune design, identify any dependencies for software code creation, testing and deployment to live network  • Weekly project/status meetings with stakeholders and status charts to Senior Mgmt. As Lead PM, hosted business requirement, high level design working sessions.  • Partner with multiple resource managers, Business Partners and vendors to assemble a project team (Matrix) and provide ongoing team motivation to drive projects to completion.  • Proactively communicate the project plan and all relevant components of the plan such as risk, schedules, expectations and ongoing updates to Stakeholders, Sponsors and Project Teams to maintain project alignment. SR IT Project Manager/Team Lead Frontier Networks April 2014 to October 2014 • Responsible and accountable for day to day management of a small team of testers, business analysts and a developer.  • Managed IT projects which generated additional revenue in excess of 10M.  • Responsible for obtaining and quoting all level of efforts for projects and change requests.  • Responsible for all billable hours on a per project basis.  • Responsible for all project documentation within the Frontier systems. Project Manager XO Communications July 2013 to March 2014 Contractor)  • Managing the SDLC processes for IT development, supporting product releases and system enhancements.  • Using quality gate controls for: business requirements, system requirements, design, development, and testing for production releases.  • Developing and maintaining change control.  • Performing critical path analysis including risk analysis and risk mitigation. On-boarding Program Manager Avaya AOS Services September 2012 to July 2013 • Responsible for program / project managing multiple complex on-boarding projects, both from an overall project management capacity and in a technical implementation advisory capacity. In addition, provided input to aid in proposal development, contract negotiation and contract compliance. Proposal preparation which included assisting with plans, specifications and financial terms of the contract.  • Ensured master plans and schedules are followed, developing solutions to program challenges, and directing others for successful completion of project on time and on budget.  • Accountable for project governance, alignment, assurance, management, integration, optimization, tracking, finances, infrastructure, planning and improvement.  • Provide supervision to a project or multiple projects to achieve contractual requirements.  • Develop project plans to orchestrate projects, resources, timescales, monitoring and control, and project closure.  • Set expectations with sales teams, customer voice/data teams, and security teams and coordinate additional resources as necessary.  • Coordinate resources to assist internal Avaya groups regarding technical on-boarding questions and concerns presented by the customer.  • Work with Vendors to certify Voice and Data equipment for the SMARTS platform to ensure proper discovery of devices.  • Interact with internal customers and management of all levels of various Avaya organizations to recommend solutions to enhance processes and tools for the purpose of reducing time and cost associated with on-boarding customers.  • Support other projects and process improvements as required by needs of the business. Project Implementation Manager AT&T Hosting November 2010 to September 2012 • Possess extensive knowledge in webhosting infrastructure and technical solutions for Application Services Hosting environments.  • Responsible for planning, coordinating, and executing the provisioning of Web-hosting installs into AT&T U.S. and International Data Centers.  • Act as the customers' main interfaces from the time Install Tickets open until the time services have been successfully implemented, applying my technical knowledge to comprehend customer needs.  • Establish the 'Customer Negotiated Due Date' during conducted and documented Client Review Meetings at project launch and various intervals throughout the Client implementation.  • Utilize company database to delegate installation tasks out to other appropriate teams allowing them to perform the tasks required to meet the deliverables outlined and working with various internal resources as necessary.  • Submit orders for hardware/software as required for various installs.  • Implement complex internal infrastructure and AT&T Government Solutions accounts, installations.  • Record and maintain client documentation in database and email keeping accurate records of discussions, expectations, commitments and deliverables.  • Document the progress of the Implementation Plan, keeping track of completed and outstanding issues and activities and providing timely documentation along the way.  • Report weekly implementation status updates to management.  • Possess the ability to work and adapt to an ongoing changing environment.  • Developing and maintaining relationships to the highest standard with project stakeholders.  • Identify and act upon delivery, technical and business issues which may impact project execution and the customer relationship, and taking ownership of the resolution, along with the appropriate department, to the satisfaction of both the customer and AT&T. Education MS in Management in Management/Telecommunications University of Dallas, Graduate School of Management - Irving, TX MBA in Management Amber University - Garland, TX BS in Business Administration in Business Administration University of Fayetteville