Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager - Telesis Corporation Baltimore, MD Work Experience Project Manager Telesis Corporation - Calverton, MD April 2018 to Present Oversee daily Service Desk operations including knowledge management, service request coordination and assignment, training and quality control, and handling all escalated issues from service desk technicians. Review daily reports to identify trends in agent performance and institute process improvements to increase service quality and operational efficiency. Implement real-time process changes and allocate additional resources for complex issues, to meet unexpected spikes in contacts and service requests, and remain in compliance with service level agreements (SLAs) and Key Performance Indicators (KPIs). Organize and facilitate training and development for exempt and non-exempt employees to ensure proper understanding of service desk processes, increase customer satisfaction, and decrease time-to-resolution metrics for service requests. Monitor individual and team performance metrics and implement improvements and measurable targets to continually increase service quality.  Key Contributions:  * Successfully developed and introduced strategic plans to increase SLA percentage from 85% to 94%  * Effectively coached and mentored and trained resources and encouraged the pursuit of career develop opportunities, increasing the amount of certified agents by 10%, and team performance metrics by 15%  * Provided agents with extensive training to increase their performance by 15% Service Desk Manager OCC January 2017 to April 2018 Managed a team of high-performing service desk technicians, governing all operations and daily activities including analyzing and assigning support requests, and assessing proposed resolutions to ensure effectiveness in resolving system issues. Tracked team member performance to confirm compliance with service level agreements (SLAs), and reviewed documentation to ensure alignment with company standards for potential assistance in resolving recurring issues in a timely manner. Coached technicians in critical time management efforts and assigning incidents according to OCC priority policy. Directed helpdesk activities, developed and implemented tools, and process improvements to enhance staff performance for optimal functionality and effectiveness. Monitored communications between OCC and BankNet users and all IT groups to ensure proper handling of Tier-I helpdesk requests, and involvement in OCC and BankNet support process. Consulted with technicians to gain a thorough understanding with Tier-II and Tier III escalations. Supported the Project Manager in the development, delivery, and performance of management functions in adherence to the Program Management Plan.  Key Achievements:  * Consistently maintained 90% SLA rating.  * Interviewed, on boarded, and trained qualified technicians in Jr, Mid-Level, Sr, and Lead roles  * Expertly managed BankNet's Agent Identity and Access Management (IAM) registration and OCC Service Desk queues. IT Technical Project Lead - Contractor Medstar Health - Silver Spring, MD September 2016 to January 2017 Provided management oversight for complex project engagements including organizing weekly status updates for Sr. Project Leadership and key stakeholders. Identified and mitigated project risks, consistently assessed current progress against final deadline, and allocated additional resources to underperforming teams or processes to ensure on time completion of project deliverables.  Key Achievement:  * Established training and development opportunities to ensure all project teams remained aware of internal policies and procedures governing project management, to maintain consistency and uniformity in designing and implementing complex technical solutions.. Sr. Technical Support Specialist Lifebridge Health - Baltimore, MD March 2016 to September 2016 Managed the setup, configuration, and deployment of new desktop and notebook computers, printers, peripherals, and associated software. Utilized hardware cloning, computer imaging, and other industry best practices to ensure systems and software exceeded end-users' expectations. Handled procurement for all IT assets for the Commercial Division including purchasing and vendor/asset management for IT equipment. Organized and facilitated training opportunities for internal staff and contract employees. Integral contributor in developing operating budgets for desktop technologies  Key Achievement:  * Built and mentored small-medium cross-functional teams to support large move requests for physical computers, or performing extensive hardware or software designs.  * Developed and executed test plans and governed application and hardware testing to ensure functionality prior to production release. Team Lead - Executive Support Vistronix at Indian Health Services - Rockville, MD December 2014 to March 2016 Managed service desk operations including fielding, analyzing, and assigning customer support tickets, ensuring prompt resolution to nominal issues to minimizing production impact. Escalated and resolved outstanding cases by consulting with end-users to obtain additional information, collaborating with vendors or other outside resources to perform a thorough assessment of reported failures and develop viable technical solutions. Established an effective after-hours support model and ensured all staff received proper training and development in preparation for on-call, off-peak support. Assessed current environments and submitted improvement recommendations to streamline internal processes and implement suggestions from customer feedback.  Key Achievement:  * Installed, configured, and supported audio/visual equipment, workstations, and mobile devices on the server to ensure availability for critical business processes.  * Consistently exceeded end-user expectations and increase customer satisfaction, by reviewing employee performance, assessing customer feedback, and implementing new policies and procedures to enhance quality and increase time-to-resolution metrics.    Under Armour Insight Global (Contract) - Baltimore, Maryland Sr. Desktop Support Technician April 2014 to December 2014 Collaborated with IT teams and management in strategy development to assess future hardware needs and draft technical specifications for purchase recommendations. Upgraded, repaired, and maintained existing workstations and mobile devices, installed and update software, and ensured all employees obtained proper file and system access permissions. Troubleshot system failures, identified root cause, and repaired hardware and network issues, in addition to employing vendor support, to minimize system downtime.  Key Achievement:  * Effectively supported in-depth testing and development of new systems, and organized and developed staff training on system use and application. Sr. Computer System Analyst Lockheed Martin - Baltimore, MD December 2011 to April 2014 Analyzed existing environments and identified improvement opportunities. Provided technical advice on cost effectiveness of implementing new policies and procedures, techniques, and customized technical solutions to increase productivity, and increase system efficiency. Collaborated with cross-functional project teams on upcoming project releases, and developed technical documentation to support all systems. Modified and maintained all database systems and consistently provided management and staff with updates. Provisioned corporate and personal devices for full email access using MDM and designed email and network accounts using Active Directory and MS Exchange.  Key Achievement:  * Acquired extensive technical knowledge and expertise in information technology, upcoming technological advancements, and industry best practices, and identified opportunities to incorporate and enhance clients' overall IT operations.    Technical Proficiencies  Platforms: Windows XP - 10, Windows 2008 Enterprise Server, Windows 2003 Business Server, Windows 2000 Professional Server  Tools:  Microsoft Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint, MS Office 365, VMWare Player, Acronis, Bomgar, Norton Ghost/ Ghostcast Server, LogMeIn, Tivoli, Microsoft Lync, Lotus Notes, Microsoft Outlook, Novell Groupwise    System Tools:  Altiris Deployment Software, Kaseya, Absolute Manage, SCCM, Numara Footprints, Remedy, Service Now, HEAT, Active Directory    Networking: Cisco VPN, Cisco AnyConnect, Jupiter Junos Pulse, Northbridge, Education Masters' of Science in Information Systems University of Phoenix Online 2014 Bachelor of Arts in Information Technology in Information System Security University of Phoenix Online 2011 Associate in Applied Arts and Science in Information Technology University of Phoenix Online 2008 Skills Active directory, Cisco, Network security, Networking, Remedy, Tivoli, Deployment, Altiris, Vmware, Vpn, Ghost, Ms office, Security, Training, Problem solving, Excel, Groupwise, Lotus notes, Microsoft outlook, Outlook Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/shane-ross-59107716 Additional Information Core Competencies:  • Project Management  • Incident Management  • User Training and Support    • Systems Deployment/Integrations  • Network Security  • Application Support    • Asset Management  • Technical & User Documentation  • Problem Solving / Troubleshooting  • Client Relationship Management