Scrum Master/ Project Manager Scrum Master/<span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Scrum Master / Project Manager / Senior Business Analyst Mesa, AZ Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Scrum Master/ Project Manager COVERTTRACK, INC 2017 to Present Privately-owned surveillance company specializing in GPS tracking and covert technology for law enforcement, government, and commercial firms.  Senior Business Analyst Project Manager Scrum Master  Promoted multiple times to manage QC team and direct multiple projects to achieve business goals. Proactively mitigate risk while guiding projects from conception through completion. Communicate effectively with cross-functional teams comprised of Engineers,  Product Managers, and Support specialists to quickly resolve any product issues. Work closely with different teams depending on the project, including Sales and Marketing, as well as Production and Logistics. Interface with customers, document workflows, and  identify opportunities for improvement. Track KPIs to ensure alignment toward goal, integrating Scrum methodology across the entire organization, from the Development Team through upper management, for ideal results.  ? Increased customer satisfaction by 10 times the original metric by opening new channels for customer communication, including email accounts for response feedback, which are aggregated and monitored for proper reply  ? Generated $30M YOY sales growth by integrating customer feedback into the development process and enhancing WOM  ? Contributed to ranking as #1 GPS provider to law enforcement by building referral relationships for a competitive advantage  ? Led engaging meetings and presentations, including spirit planning, daily status reports, retrospectives, and demos  ? Implemented Target Process, an Agile tracking software, to boost velocity of customer feedback by 70% Scrum Master/Business Analyst DRIVETIME 2015 to 2017 Privately-owned used car retailer selling and financing cars to sub-prime customers in the U.S. through 145 locations.  Business Analyst Online and Mobile Development Specialist Scrum Master  Developed, launched, and managed a multitude of projects to support company growth. Handled the entire project management  process, including initial workflow design, documentation creation, assigning of team tasks, and continuous monitoring to maximize  ROI. Created detailed work plans, schedules, project estimates, resource plans, and status reports. Wore many hats, while guiding  up to 4 projects with 12 team members at any given time.  ? Drove $9M in profits by increasing the website conversion rate from 8% to 11%  ? Reduced number of reported issues by 40% by determining true problem and integrating solution using coding techniques  ? Redesigned the online presence and collaborated with team in Toronto to build out mobile website infrastructure  ? Overhauled company culture, initiated new programs such as video standup meetings to change the negative stigma around meetings and encourage enhanced employee contributions  ? Attended Grooming and Story Writing sessions to effectively guide team to think outside the box for solution development  ? Gained in-depth experience working with Agile software development methodologies, including Kanban, Agile, and Scrum Senior Business Analyst ALLSCRIPTS 2013 to 2015 1.8B in revenues.  Business Analyst Application Development Lead  Supported Presbyterian Intercommunity Hospital (PIH) which had outsourced its IT work to Allscripts. Handled maintenance of legacy applications (for Allscripts and otherwise), implemented new Electronic Health Records (EHR) and Electronic Medical Records  (EMR) systems to optimize business performance. Designed and executed functional, integration, and regression test plans for new  applications. Completed business scenarios and use cases to enhance existing products. Integrated a consultative approach to understand and anticipate the customer's needs. Responded to support calls escalated by the Service Desk and quickly resolved any  issues to maximize the customer experience.  ? Developed strong knowledge of software development lifecycle (SDLC) processes, and used both horizontal and vertical  communication across the organization to complete all projects on time  ? Worked on the team that earned an award every year since 2014 for solutions regarding EHR and EMR  ? Integrated 30 new applications to support business goals, reducing amount of support needed and enhancing efficacy Associate IT Specialist CELMOL, INC 2012 to 2013 Worked while in college, providing critical technical support for the company. Analyzed operations against business objectives and innovated strategic growth plans, including the attendance of trade shows. Designed engaging marketing materials, such as email  blasts and postcards. Monitored orders and updated database accurately. Worked on helpdesk and conducted extensive research to resolve problems that would arise.  ? Increased website SEO 50% by increasing the number of interactions and page views  ? Produced two catalog magazines that showcased over 100 products, working with the Art Team for on-time delivery  ? Designed and launched the corporate website using HTML, CSS, jQuery, and PHP Education Bachelor of Science in Business CALIFORNIA STATE UNIVERSITY OF FULLERTON Skills Application development, Sdlc, Uml, Software implementation, Risk management, Customer service, Documentation, Operations, Process improvements, Training, Agile Scrum, Jira, Scrum Master, Scrum, PM, CSM, Certified Scrum Master, Kanban Links http://linkedin.com/in/trevor-johnson-csm Certifications/Licenses Certified ScrumMaster (CSM) April 2019 to April 2021 https://certification.scrumalliance.org/accounts/918782-trevor-johnson/certifications/1052341-csm