Project Coordinator/Portfolio Analyst <span class="hl">Project</span> Coordinator/Portfolio Analyst Looking for change Spokane, WA Have worked my way into management positions in multiple companies at a young age. Always willing to learn new things and willingly assume extra responsibility to see a project is completed. Have gathered knowledge and experience in many aspects of business, making me a more flexible asset. Now I am looking to take my skills and work ethic to the Northwest. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Coordinator/Portfolio Analyst AMTRUST FINANCIAL - Cleveland, OH October 2018 to Present Drive the demand management process for the IT groups to match business expectations with resource capacity and delivery dates  ? Coordinate project tasks and communication with the rest of the business  ? Maintain the overall status of the IT business unit projects and provide portfolio reporting to stakeholders  ? Have managed multiple projects already that have had tight target dates and significant legal and financial impacts Project Manager/ IT Analyst DIEBOLD NIXDORF, INC - North Canton, OH March 2013 to September 2018 Developed creative business solutions as administrator of the internal IT SharePoint site using lists, forms, and workflows  ? Completed several cost-saving projects this year including:  ? Outsourcing of IT Service Desk  ? Datacenter firmware upgrades for customers  ? Corporate Disaster Recovery Exercise  ? Handled various IT support needs for executives and board of directors both locally and remotely.  ? Experience utilizing various software applications, hardware, network, telecommunications, and desktop systems. Marketing Intern MAGNACARE - New York, NY May 2012 to August 2012 Lead role in the mobile marketing campaign which included customer events, trade shows, and major company happenings.  ? Setup and managed online store for the company by uploading products and tracking inventory.  ? Collaborated with department leadership to create marketing material to suit their needs.  ? Worked with a team to construct an internal marketing campaign, then called Capture the Flag. Cashier/Bookkeeper EARTHFARE - Akron, OH May 2011 to April 2012 August 2012 - October 2012  ? Responsible for all customer service interactions during my shifts and was given the ability to resolve them as I saw fit  ? Oversaw 12-15 employees by handling their schedules and assigning tasks  ? Attended to the accounting bookwork practices at the store which includes  ? Executing daily paperwork  ? Nightly reconciliation of sales  ? Monthly audits  ? Assisted the Community Relations Coordinator carry out marketing plans and events. Education Bachelor's Degree in Information Systems Management in Information Systems Management The University of Akron - Akron, OH May 2015 Skills Microsoft Office (7 years), Mictosoft Project (4 years), Power BI (1 year), Tableau (1 year), Azure DevOps (1 year), Alteryx (1 year), Sharepoint Designer (3 years), HP Service Manager (6 years), ServiceNow (1 year), Microsoft Exchange (4 years), Active Directory (5 years)