Technical Project Manager/Senior Application Analyst Technical <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>/Senior Application Analyst Technical Project Manager/Senior Application Analyst - H2 Technology Partners Tappan, NY Ossining, NY A skilled Information Technology Professional with a strong background in technical and business management skills as well as providing top level application support. Outstanding communication skills with the ability to build and maintain working relationships with management and subordinates. More than Six and half years of experience in maintaining Active Directory, Virtual Private Networks, host or third-party peripheral hardware/installations as well as applying upgrades/updates as needed. Experience in Server virtualization, Group Policy, Security groups. Knowledgeable and experienced in routing and switching and related protocols, LAN/WAN environments, Network Security, firewalls, Network Scans. Proficient in coaching other staff, great organizations skills and possessing the ability to excel as in individual or aid in a team's success in a professional, high-paced environment. Lead all phases of multiple technology projects in a Project Management role. Great Documentation skills for projects, plans or any system changes needed. Responsible for creating training guides and manuals for Providers, clerical staff, nursing staff, as well as the IT department. Work Experience Technical Project Manager/Senior Application Analyst H2 Technology Partners Tappan, NY - Tappan, NY December 2018 to Present Managing technical projects for 16 physician locations while also providing all levels of IT/Application support.  • Managing multiple technical projects providing direct over sight for execution and success of standards of scope, budget, and timelines.  • Developing comprehensive project plans that meet client requirements/goals  • Act as direct liaison of project updates with CIO, CEO, Senior VP of Hospital Management  • Manage multiple vendors and coordinate with appropriate team members  • Develop operation standards across the board for end users to meet best practice and state guidelines  • Communicate effectively with all personnel to identify all problems, create solutions and implement efficient improvements.  • Conduct performance evaluations of network/server/hardware for better optimizations  • Troubleshoot HL7 interface errors, make configurations as needed.  • Schedule/perform optimizations  • KPMG Security Auditor - Creating user authorization forms, restructuring employee EHR access, hardware physical security evaluations, structure security policy for internal and external end users  • Apply Windows Server/Desktop updates as needed  • Troubleshoot networking issues as needed  • Working with vendors to resolve hosted environment issues  • IT - All levels of helpdesk related support Implementation Specialist Boston Children's Health Physicians - Hawthorne, NY August 2017 to December 2018 Provide 3rd tier support to over 1000 users for Electronic Health Record support. Responding to calls and support emails.  • Conduct trouble shooting methods to clients if not able to be fixed by the 1st and 2nd tier troubleshooting group.  • Manage Health Link NY interface and help implement across organization. Help build the interface to communicate from Nextgen Health Care system to Health Link NY cloud base.  • Creating interfaces to pass secure information between applications. Maintaining all current interfaces, troubleshooting interface issues, updating interfaces as needed. Providing all levels of support for up to 10 interfaces.  • Manage NDD Easy on PC Spirometer all support issues 1st-3rd tier. Oversee the interface HL7 messages as needed. Install software across organizational PC's  • Template editing as requested  • EHR Document building as requested  • Provide Audit log and reviews as needed  • Project planning and design of Westchester Medical Center Lab interface  • Manage Lab Results holding tank  • Create new Providers, nursing, clerical staff and provide user training.  • Create user instructional guides  • Provide all levels of support for Hardware maintenance  • Coordinate upgrade of EHR installation from old version to latest Release. Provide Go-Live support.  • Training on site for users for optimization of best practices.  • Provide Meaningful Use reports and create a plan to improve practice measures  • Run simple SQL queried reports as needed IT Field Tech/Special Projects Ent and Allergy Associates - Tarrytown, NY May 2017 to August 2017 Provide all levels of support to over 1000 users during the evening night shift. Responding to calls from multiple locations to provide on-site support as needed.  • Conduct trouble shooting methods to clients as needed for application support networking support, hardware support.  • Over watch network systems in case of any outages using PRTG Network activity. Contact appropriate vendors to resolve network issues. Relay outages to Administrators and practice site administrators.  • Assisted in building network closet; adding switch panels, cisco routers, UPDs, servers, cabling, mounting closet cameras, electronic devices as needed.  • Install hardware equipment at needed locations such as fat clients, thin clients, printers, scanners. Diagnosing hardware issues as needed.  • Imaging new PCs for roll out to new offices.  • Windows Server Patch Updates  • Back Up Replacement hard drives Clinical Systems Analyst SUNY College of Optometry - New York, NY May 2016 to May 2017 As part of a team of nine, I provided level 2 support and responded to staff service calls to 500+ clients for a wide variety of issues in hardware support, networking support, 3rd party software. Primarily responsibility is providing support for our Nextgen Healthcare application and assisting with implementation projects as needed. Responsible for running weekly ad-hoc reports via Microsoft SQL and application report tools.  • Conduct troubleshooting, system maintenance, software updates, software modifications, run reports for the Nextgen Healthcare Application.  • Assisted finance department in Internal Revenue cycle clearing on expired statements to patients and insurance claims.  • Created education guides for financial department to further enhance their billing operations.  • Created instructional guides on work operation processes for the IT department.  • Run weekly and monthly ad-hoc reports via Microsoft SQL and NG reporting tools for Clinical Administrators, Medical Directors, Medical chiefs, and clinic front desk managers.  • Provide Advance audits and review audit logs as requested.  • Create new templates for clients to create better work flows for staff members, students and providers.  • Create new documents that collect template field data.  • Assist the Help desk staff member in resetting client's passwords for staff members, providers and students as needed.  • Assist hardware tech with any hardware maintenance calls as needed or to provide coverage.  • Maintaining HIPAA Law Requirements within EMR technology use by viewing current policy procedures and making suggestions as needed.  • Provided Go-Live support for Upgrade to newer version of application. Provided support via on-site support, remote support, as well as via phone. Trained end-users on new featured updates. Created new user training document for all new features apart of the upgrade. Systems Analyst Saint Joseph's Medical Center - Yonkers, NY April 2013 to April 2016 Responsible for receiving and responding to staff service calls for over 120 clients for a wide variety of issues in hardware, operating systems, host applications, third party software and networking areas or future projects as well as revising and clearing medical service staff errors. Documenting calls for service through Track- IT system.  • Conducted troubleshooting and recovery operations, systems maintenance, EHR template updates and editing. EMR Upgrade Installation, Hotfix updates, Medication Updates, Advanced Audit Install.  • Handled all aspects of new EMR upgrade for Go-Live Support. Scheduled upgrades in Test Environment and Production environment. Scheduled all training for end-users on Test system and prepared them for the Go-Live update. Created new user training documents on all new features of the application. Provided support via on-site, remotely, as well as over the phone. Made sure all hot fixes and software patches were update for new software upgraded were completed. Followed protocols provided by my department as well as vendor recommendations for Roll-out procedures.  • Experience working with third party host such as Nextgen, Siemens (Sorian Clinicals and Sorian Scheduling) and Cerner Care to troubleshoot and analyze EMR issues, HL7 interface issues, database management. As well as coordinating calls between third party hosts for EMR application projects for Lab Interfaces, Nextgen share interface, RHIO.  • Performed hardware and software installation, OS installations; thin client, fat clients.  • Installed Windows patch updates as needed  • Set up Symantec Encryption on all laptops on site.  • Performing networking configurations as need to resolve issues in WAN/LAN environments. Assisted in WAN/LAN Infrastructure.  • Assisted in development of medical staff on software related technologies and infrastructure.  • Provided outstanding service both independently and as a member of a team of 15 technicians.  • Project Management skills in developing and planning software implementations on multiple sites, as well as having to train new staff on new technologies improvements.  • Light development of SQL Query Reports requested by physicians as well as ambulatory directors.  • Advanced Audit reporting and reviewed audit logs as needed.  • Maintaining and practicing security policies and procedures that followed all HIPAA Law Requirements.  • Knowledgeable and experienced with working with HL7 for the transfer of clinical and administrative data across several different interfaces. Hands-on experience using tools to edit and format how ADT messages crossover to interfaces as well as returning through interfaces. Able to read and understand raw ADT messages for troubleshooting or configuring options.  • Created and maintained logs for fat clients, thin clients, laptops, and any electronic devices for Outpatient sites.  • Initiated universal password security requirements, application log-out, PC log out to increase the organizations levels of security.    Achievements  1st Place in the 4th Annual Cyber Security Competition at Westchester Community College vs. Rockland Community College. Education B.S. in Business Administration Southern Hampshire University A.A.S in Cyber Security Westchester Community College