Senior Project Manager Senior <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Senior Project Manager - Bit-Wizards Fort Walton Beach, FL I am seeking a position where I can be challenged, contribute to the company, utilize and improve my skills, and grow in my career as a Project Manager/Program Manager. I am also looking for a company with an energetic and enthusiastic corporate culture that values teamwork. Work Experience Senior Project Manager Bit-Wizards - Fort Walton Beach, FL February 2019 to Present As Senior Project Manager for Bit-Wizards I am responsible for planning, managing, and tracking Software Engineering, Cloud Infrastructure, and the Talking Parents product projects. I am also responsible for assisting with defining and standardizing project management processes, methodologies, and change control throughout the organization. I am also responsible for training and coaching staff on these standards. ScrumMaster/Senior Project Manager/Business Analyst JetPay - Pensacola, FL July 2018 to February 2019 Manage and track software projects. Create project plans, change management plans, and other deliverables required for project execution. Communicate with stakeholders on project status. Act as ScrumMaster by facilitating daily scrum, sprint planning, sprint review, and sprint retrospective meetings. Gather and document business requirements. Lead bi-weekly knowledge share/training sessions. Senior Project Manager Acuity Brands - Conyers, GA June 2017 to April 2018 Manage and track infrastructure and software projects (at least 10 simultaneously). Led the Program of projects for the Azure Migration which included migrating thousands of databases, relocating our data centers (geo-located with pipes to Azure), using Docker to containerize hundreds of web applications, upgrade hundreds of applications to be compatible with Azure in preparation for migration and more. Created project charters, project plans, change management plans, system architecture documents, process flows as well as other deliverables required for project execution. Acted as ScrumMaster by facilitating daily scrum, sprint planning, sprint review, and sprint retrospective meetings. Plan, implement, and coordinate training for all of IT. Senior Project Manager Dispersive Technologies - Alpharetta, GA February 2017 to June 2017 Lead the implementation of ServiceNow (automation and help-desk ticketing system) to include configurations to include creating/modifying custom modules & fields, modifying page layouts, creating/modifying workflow rules, as well as report development. Trained internal staff on how to use ServiceNow through formal in-person and webinar-style sessions. Write test cases, perform quality testing and create software documentation prior to delivery. Write Business Requirements documents and model workflows using Visio. IT Project Manager/Business Systems Analyst United Cloud Solutions - Alpharetta, GA April 2016 to January 2017 Plan, manage, and track progress of enterprise-level Salesforce projects using Microsoft Project. Allocate tasks and assignments to the development team, BA, and QA staff. Write test cases, perform quality testing and create software documentation prior to delivery. Write Business Requirements documents and model workflows using Visio. Salesforce Administration on projects where needed to include creating/modifying custom objects & fields, modifying page layouts, creating/modifying workflow rules & validation rules, as well as report development. IT Project Manager/Business Systems Analyst iStaff - Suwanee, GA October 2015 to April 2016 Assigned to Goodcents (an Energy-Efficiency service provider) and worked on multiple SaaS offerings in an Agile environment. Plan, oversee, allocate resources, and track at least 8 projects simultaneously. Construct Project Plans in Microsoft Project, create the Product Backlog. Act as ScrumMaster by facilitating Release Planning, Sprint Planning, Sprint Review, and Backlog Grooming sessions. Define and document business requirements and processes. Business Systems Analyst/ IT Project Manager Covius, Inc - Atlanta, GA April 2015 to October 2015 Plan, track, and coordinate projects. Document requirements and diagram workflows using Visio. Resource allocation for software developers to assign tasks and keep projects running timely. MSSQL to include TSQL & Stored Procedures. UI Development using a CMS-like privately licensed software. Lead multiple projects using an Agile/Scrum Methodology. Software Engineer/Developer ClearStar - Alpharetta, GA August 2014 to April 2015 Software Developer Global Business Solutions - Pensacola, FL February 2014 to August 2014 Software Engineer Bit-Wizards - Fort Walton Beach, FL May 2013 to December 2013 Software Developer Right to Know, Inc - Pensacola, FL July 2012 to January 2013 • C#/.Net, PHP, VB.NET  • SQL, MySQL  • HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery  • MVC  • Selenium Automated Testing, Microsoft Test Manager  • Kentico CMS  • Azure  • Agile/Scrum Methodology Education B.S. in Computer Science University of West Florida May 2013 Skills INFRASTRUCTURE PROJECT MANAGEMENT, PMP, .NET, VISUAL STUDIO, C#, HTML, PHP, SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT, VISIO, SAAS, MIGRATIONS, MICROSOFT PROJECT, MYSQL, SQL, CSS, JIRA, DEVOPS, BILLING, BUSINESS ANALYSIS, WORD, Scheduling, budget, Customer Service, Outlook, Estimating Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/jparker1284 Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) Certified ScrumMaster (CSM)