Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager Columbus, OH PROJECT MANAGEMENT | REQUIREMENTS ANALYSIS & MANAGEMENT | DATA ANALYSIS|    ? Diligent project manager experience in Project Management, Capacity Planning, Cost and Schedule planning, Business Analysis and Process improvement  ? Proven track record of successfully leading all phases of diverse technology projects  ? Expertise in Vendor Management, Contract Management, Status reporting, Project Planning, Data analysis and reconciliation.  ? Experience in managing multimillion-dollar projects aligning business goals with technology solutions to drive process improvements, competitive advantage and bottom-line gains.  ? Excellent communicator; leverage technical, business and financial acumen to communicate effectively with client executives and their respective teams.  ? Expert in agile and waterfall project management methodologies. Known for ability to produce high-quality deliverables that meet or exceed timeline and budgetary targets.  ? Experience of creating project budgets, schedules, requirements and scope management, quality assurance testing, and organizing the physical and human resources for multiple projects at a time.  ? Experience of working with Clarity, Business Object, ServiceNow, SharePoint, MS project, ServiceNow, PPM.  ? Experience in conducting functional, regression, user acceptance, integration and performance testing and performing test data and script management and defect tracking using systems such as HP Quality Center (ALM), Jira.    Tools  Clarity PPM, Workbench, Microsoft Project, Business Objects, Service Now, RTC, SharePoint, SAP, JIRA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager Huntington Bank - Columbus, OH January 2019 to Present IT Project Manager Nationwide Insurance July 2017 to December 2018 Project: Migration from Legacy System (Personal Lines Insurance Products)  Roles and Responsibilities  Involved in all phases of the project lifecycle (from concept and requirements through launch and support) for two cutting-edge within an agile development environment. Contributed to successful closure of projects, with applications released on time and under budget.  ? Maintaining project schedules, work breakdown structures (WBS), issue/decision logs, meeting summaries and status reports to ensure effective, ongoing communications across all team members.  ? Designed tools, reports, charts and graphs for senior management to provide ongoing, at-a-glance summaries of project status and application prototype performance.  ? Collaborated effectively with project, product and program managers to ensure project deliverables remained on track and aligned with business goals and expectations.  ? Work with the IT leads and other project managers to ensure new project requests are managed through a proper project approval process  ? Manage resource capacity as on ongoing basis and mitigate resource availability related risks  ? Report on overall project progress for initiatives including risks, resource allocations, and impact.  ? Metric Reporting and Involved in Estimation process with Business and SME's.  ? Involved in estimating and setting baselines for the project's scope, budget and timeline  ? Responsible for forecasting of the projects  ? Responsible for tracking progress and communicating project status to all impacted stakeholders throughout the project life cycle.  ? Ensure products of all projects met client expectations and were delivered on time and within budgetary constraints. Contractor IBM April 2016 to January 2017 Fannie Mae)- Jr Project Manager  Project: Data Management and Warehousing  Roles and Responsibilities  ? Collating projects progress information, preparing/providing projects' comprehensive reporting within Technology across the business-as-usual work stack in timely manner, meeting deadlines and defined quality.  ? Working closely with Project Managers on quality or reporting and scrutinizing the outputs. This includes consolidated Weekly progress/status projects reports (Excel), monthly review board presentations (PowerPoint) and reports for executive and Board level meetings.    ? Stakeholders' communications on all levels, including senior executive levels. Technology Group communications: Key Events Calendar, Technology Intranet, updates on various meetings, etc.  ? Trend analysis; identifying, monitoring and questioning key risks and issues.  ? Documenting and defining internal PMO processes, implementing project management disciplines and governance processes across portfolios. Full ownership of all Project Management artefacts.  ? Timesheet reporting and data analysis (MS Excel PIVOT reporting)  ? Supporting Head of PMO with any ad hoc requirements i.e. reporting ( projects, financial, resourcing etc.), presentations, planning, reviews, workshops, minutes etc.  ? Day-to-day management of various project controls processes including, document management, scope or change control, resource management and quality management. Full Time - Assistant Project Manager HCL Technologies Ltd April 2011 to November 2013 Project: Employee Expense System Modernization:  Project Summary: Earlier employee were sending their travel and other expense via courier and dropping paper bills in drop box. System developed for HCL America INC employee so that they can upload their expense bill directly to the system. Employee can track the status of their claim. Manager can approve and disapprove and asked for the explanation.  Roles and Responsibilities  ? Documented the business requirements after interacting with stakeholders like CFO, Finance Managers, HR Business Partners and Employees.  ? Initiate and run meetings as part of requirements gathering activities  ? Document the requirements in an objective, clear and meaningful format.  ? Raise any risks that may impact the requirements on a project  ? Facilitate the requirements review and approval process.  ? Developed Use cases and process flow diagrams to elaborate approval process and others flows.  ? Created reporting matrices for weekly, monthly, & quarterly review with higher management.  ? Clarify any requirements to designers and Quality assurance team assigned to the project.  ? Establish a requirements traceability approach and matrix to be utilized by the project  ? Manage any requirements change requests from a requirement point of view  ? Working on project management plan in terms of requirements approach, risks, constraints, assumptions and planning.  ? Provide delivery time-based estimates to the project management team for requirements deliverables Full Time - Business Analyst Artech India Private Ltd May 2009 to March 2011 Project: ITC Trade Marketing and Distribution Portal:  Project Summary: ITC Limited is an Indian market leader in its traditional businesses of Cigarettes, Hotels, Paperboards, Packaging and Agri-Exports. The Web Portal will integrate key services, information, people, and processes into a single role-based interface and enable ITC to maintain more effective relationships with its partners by linking independently to ITC's major systems.    ? Assisted the senior business analyst in defining the scope and defining business rules of the project. Also, assisted in gathering business requirements, doing gap analysis and documents them textually.  ? Led and conducted JAD sessions for requirements gathering, analysis and design of the system.  ? Documented requirements and transformed them into functional and technical requirement specifications.  ? Actively interacted with different business groups to perform Gap analysis to identify the deficiencies in the system by comparing the actual objectives with the system objectives desired.  ? Planning business analysis activities.  ? Establishing and maintaining communication channels with senior managers, key team members and stakeholders Education Post Graduate Diploma in Information Technology Management in Information Technology Management Symbiosis Institute of Information Technology - Pune, Maharashtra 2015 to 2017 Bachelor of Commerce in Commerce Punjab University - Chandigarh, Chandigarh July 2004