Assistant Project Manager Assistant <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Greentown, PA • Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Visio, Access, SharePoint, Outlook) and computer/ IT troubleshooting/maintenance.  • Experienced in project management, labor compliance monitoring, customer service, invoicing, inventory management, community organizing, public advocacy, fundraising.  • Adept at quickly adjusting to and excelling in new situations and learning new skills.  • Fluent/bilingual, Polish/English - Registered NYS Court Interpreter.  • Basic Spanish and Russian.  • Current OSHA 10 course. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Assistant Project Manager MDG Design and Construction - Huntington Station, NY September 2016 to Present · Project management, from bid through job completion, including subcontract requests, development of scope of work,  change order, pay requisitions, punch list, and final sign-off.  · Evaluating/adjusting components necessary to accomplish scope of work.  · Ensuring the job remains profitable and of acceptable quality to client.  · Coordinating and interacting with stakeholders, including building management, private and commercial tenants.  · Preparing reports to principals on labor compliance, safety, and work progress on a daily basis.  · Daily jobsite walkthroughs to ensure worker safety/labor compliance, and to monitor work activities.  · Ensuring and advising sub-contractors and workers regarding proper procedures.  · Interacting with labor monitoring consultants, and other local and state agencies, including USDOL, NYSDOL, HPD. MARKETING COORDINATOR NATIONAL AUDUBON SOCIETY March 2014 to August 2016 · Managed contract drafting and processing.  · Maintained multiple escrow accounts and producing monthly reports on usage.  · Reported on inventory tracking, management, and cost allocation.  · Processed and tracked an average of $9 million per year in invoices.  · Promotional material development and production.  · Contacted photographers to procure photo licensing.  · Managed mailing list rental and exchange approvals. OPERATIONS ASSISTANT NATIONAL AUDUBON SOCIETY February 2014 to March 2014 · Maintained multiple escrow accounts and monthly postage use reports.  · Inventory tracking.  · Invoice processing. T.O.P. FUNDRAISER NYPIRG - New York, NY October 2013 to February 2014 Conducted telephone community outreach and fundraising while meeting daily and weekly quotas. COMMUNITY ORGANIZER T.O.P. FUNDRAISER June 2013 to December 2013 Implemented community outreach and fundraising for summer outreach campaign. IT STUDENT AID KINGSBOROUGH COMMUNITY COLLEGE April 2011 to October 2011 Developed documentation and monitoring system for power distribution in campus-wide data centers  utilizing Microsoft Visio.  • Charged with maintaining data center power and digital signage for public view.  • Managed special projects and IT maintenance assistance. ADMINISTRATION CLERK U.S. CENSUS BUREAU February 2010 to September 2010 • Implemented collection, control, review, processing, and reporting of personnel data and payroll for approximately 2,000 employees.  • Carried out employee selection and hiring functions and processed personnel actions.  • Served as courier for transportation of confidential documents including PII. MAILROOM CLERK KINGSBOROUGH COMMUNITY COLLEGE December 2008 to June 2009 • Managed customer service and assistance.  • Implemented mail handling and delivery. Education Bachelor's in Political Science BROOKLYN COLLEGE - New York, NY June 2014 Associate in Business Administration KINGSBOROUGH COMMUNITY COLLEGE - New York, NY July 2011 Skills MARKETING (2 years), PROJECT MANAGEMENT (2 years), CLIENTS (Less than 1 year), DIRECT MAIL (Less than 1 year), Inventory Management (4 years), Microsoft Office Suite (word, excel, outlook, powerpoint, etc.) (10+ years), Supervising (2 years), Office Administration (2 years), Scheduling, Outlook, Excel, Supervising Experience, Microsoft Word, Negotiation, Microsoft Office Certifications/Licenses Certified Phlebotomist Present Assessments Teamwork: Interpersonal Skills — Proficient May 2019 Resolving disputes, solving team problems, and understanding nonverbal cues. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/jaiwso9-0gsisbab Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information Skills & Abilities  COMMUNICATION  • In my positions as the Vice-Chair of NYPIRG, Marketing Coordinator at Audubon, and Labor Compliance  Monitor at Charis, I communicated with staff members, students, politicians, board members, vendors and  subcontractors, building management, and the public in a clear and effective way.  • I am able to quickly learn trade-specific language and skills in order to effectively communicate with  coworkers and clients.    LEADERSHIP  • Currently independently manage Labor Compliance at multiple job sites, ensuring that safety and Prevailing  Wage procedures are observed.  • Project management as part of a team with Charis Consulting.  • Previously coordinated entire workload for National Audubon Direct Mail department at time of great need.  • Experienced in coordinating outreach activities as a Project Leader on several campaign issues, 2-years  • Organized office CSA (Food cooperative) and milk cooperative at National Audubon  • Elections Commissioner at Brooklyn College, 2-years  • Vice-Chair of NYPIRG Board of Directors, 1-year  • Member NYPIRG Board of Directors, 2-years