Manager, Cashier <span class="hl">Manager</span>, Cashier Manager, Cashier Brooklyn, NY Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Manager, Cashier Maison Du Vin, Wine Store - Manhattan, NY June 2016 to September 2016 • Provided new ideas for employees to perform efficiently and productively  • Maintained records of inventory control and sales.  • Restocked the establishment and kept it organized to be presentable. IT Technician, Project Manager Brooklyn Tech High School - Brooklyn, NY September 2008 to January 2012 • Led teams to remodel computer labs including uninstalling, and installing new equipment such as hardware, software, low and high voltage wiring and electrical configurations with the necessary tools.   • Used database systems for inventory control of hardware, tools, and textbooks used throughout the school.   • Assisted in organizing and coordinating school events with technical setups and resolving upcoming issues.   • Performed troubleshooting and solutions to any technical issues that occurred anywhere from classrooms to administration offices.  • Operated pallet jacks to organize pallets of hardware, textbooks, etc.   • Trained new employees to accomplish technical tasks. Education Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering Clarkson University - Potsdam, NY May 2017 High School Diploma Brooklyn Technical High School - Brooklyn, NY June 2012 Skills Solidworks (CAD Program) (1 year), AutoCad/Inventor (Cad Program) (1 year), PTC Creo (CAD Program) (Less than 1 year), COMSOL (Simulated Physics) (1 year), ANSYS Fluent (Simulated Physics) (1 year), Matlab (Programming Language) (2 years), LabView (Programming Language) (1 year), Maple (Programming Language) (1 year), Microsoft Excel/Word/Powerpoint (4 years) Certifications/Licenses OSHA 10 August 2017 Welding Shop Lathing Shop Wood Shop CPR & First Aid Additional Information ? Strong interpersonal skills and works well with colleagues  ? Ambitious to learn and work hard  ? Organized, detail oriented and a self-starter  ? Effective in both verbal and written communication  ? Bilingual in English and Chinese