Freelance Developer/Designer Freelance Developer/Designer Independent UX Developer/Designer Richmond, VA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Freelance Developer/Designer PROFESSIONAL EXPERIE - Richmond, VA July 2017 to Present Current Clients: Avail Vapor, Leafana, Ronald McDonald House Charities of Richmond, Uptech, PEAK Institute  Past Clients: City of Richmond, Brew Gastropub, Cedar Crest Builders, On the Spot Floors, Mike Wilson Plumbing, Roma's Italian, Various Naturals2Go Vending Operators, Little Big Business Solutions  • Customized HTML5/CSS3 web pages and email marketing templates.  • Managed stakeholder communications, meetings, and gathered requirements to determine vision, project scope, timelines, and manage expectations and project resources.  • Created new websites and managed redesigns for many Richmond Metro area businesses, from small business to enterprise.  • Migrated web platforms for multiple client websites to easier to manage, optimized and accessibility compliant websites.  • Setup & manage analytic tools including Google Analytics, Google Webmaster Tools, Search Console and trained business owners on details, tracking and management of accounts.  • Integrated YouTube, twitter, Facebook, Instagram and other social media tools in websites.  • Created websites using responsive design, improving search results and RSS feeds.  • Created and managed all website content strategy, ad-based revenue conversion and SEO performance for social media campaigns. Senior UX/Accessibility Lead Designer Hanover County Government - Hanover, VA October 2016 to July 2019 • Responsible for providing web design and support for the implementation of the County's government redesign of their .Net website to a new CivicPlus CRM solution.  • Advised the County on implementation processes, methodologies, and best practices for CRM migration, web design and web accessibility.  • Responsible for social media and other website integrations including: YouTube, Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, etc.to ensure integration with other County sites bai.net, click2gov, Granicus, ActiveNet.  • Responsible for implementing responsive design, ensuring a secure environment, compatibility with latest browsers, improved search engine rankings and RSS feeds.  • Responsible for County receiving first qualifying certification as a Web Accessible County in Virginia. Senior IT Software Trainer John Tyler Community College February 2014 to October 2016 J. Sergeant Reynold Workforce Alliance, Commonwealth Computer Training  • SEO, social media, advanced WordPress, Microsoft IT course and related IT software trainer for local community colleges as well as corporate trainings.  • Custom designed and developed courseware and materials for classes.  • Responsible for Staff and client training on web development software (HTML5/CSS3, Adobe Business Catalyst, WordPress).  • Created course materials for web development software and created courses from scratch.  • Lecture/syllabus preparation, student assessment, and lab configuration for all classes taught. Web Developer/ Project & Account Manager Little Big Business Solutions / PEAK Institute December 2011 to February 2014 • Designed websites and email marketing templates using HTML5/CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, PHP.  • Project Manager for local and national marketing/web development clients.  • Adobe Business Catalyst and WordPress website creation/re-platforming.  • Company-wide Agile methodology process implementation and improvement.  • Vendor communication, relationship, and account management.  ADDITIONAL EXPERIENCE AVAILABLE UPON DEMAND Education Bachelor of Science in Information Technology University of Phoenix 2014 to 2016 Skills Adobe, Graphic Design, Marketing, Illustrator, Photoshop, Wordpress, Typography Links https://shwca.se/kristen_henshaw_webdesign Additional Information • User focused, accessibility driven, cross-browser, performance optimized web design and development  • Management experience working with diverse teams of developers, designers, business analysts, and product owners in fast-paced professional agile environments  • UX driven and detailed focused developer, from clean slate projects to optimizing legacy platforms  • Web platform customization, maintenance, end user training, documentation creation, and process management expertise  • Expert technical trainer in one-on-one and group corporate environments to non-technical learners, stakeholders, business clients, and other technical team members.    DESIGN & DEVELOPMENT TOOLS  Design Software/Tools  Adobe Creative Suite (Photoshop/Illustrator), Balsamiq Mockups, Axure    Web Application Platforms and Technologies  HTML5, CSS 3, Dev Tools (Inspector), Sublime Text, FTP, Google Web Fonts, Type Kit, GitHub, WordPress Core Platform and Plug-in installation and custom modifications, Adobe Business Catalyst, WordPress, Magento, Drupal, jQuery, Bootstrap, Joomla, BigCommerce, Salesforce, Raiser's Edge, Business Objects Crystal Reports, jQuery, Bootstrap    Mobile/Responsive Design and App Development  iOS/Android Development, Bizness Mobile App Design & Development, GenY motion, iOS simulator, Sauce Labs Browser & Device Testing    Accessibility WCAG 2.0/508 Compliance Software  aXe, FireEyes, aXe Coconut, VoiceOver (screen reader), Colour Contrast Analyzer (CCA), WCAG Documentation, Web Standards W3C Markup Validation Service, SortSite    TECHNICAL SUMMARY  Visual Design & Front-End Development  Designing web UI templates and components, style guide production, defining brand standards and color palettes, mapping visual content strategy, collaborating platform/technology decisions, allocating and managing development and design resource teams on various public facing websites, and process management of release strategies, go live plans and implementations, timeline and resource management and direct client interaction and managing expectations.    Prototyping & User Centered Design  Step by step UX process-design activity production, project coordination with clients and team members, analysis and decision-making, client discovery and requirements gathering, wireframe and mockup creation, production of hi-fi comps, clickable prototyping, user testing (defining personas, onsite facility and web-based user testing), A/B testing, analytic set-up and reporting, market research and defining target audience. Create test cases, including test cases specifically around project requirements, to ensure all requirements are met by end design, identifying requirements that were not met, remediation to solve remaining requirements and update timelines, project plans, and clients as needed.    Information Architecture and Design  Research, planning, and consulting to achieve effective start to finish web projects, re-platforming and enhancing legacy sites, optimizing assets, content, existing platforms and technologies for performance. Updating site assets and ensuring all assets including PDFs are accessible and compliant.