Sr. Product Manager/Product Owner Sr. Product <span class="hl">Manager</span>/Product Owner Project Manager/Product Owner - Cytel Inc Jersey City, NJ • Over 4+ years of experience as a Project Manager/Product Owner, managed multiple IT projects Responsibilities included Program/ project management, business analysis, project scoping, building prototypes, documenting risks, training resources and interfacing with senior management.  • Over 8 + years of experience in Business Analysis performing Business requirements modeling, risk analysis, Software validation and development of Internet/Web Based, and Client/ Server applications in diverse.  • Lead multiple IT Operational and infrastructure projects aligning with client's technology initiative.  • Experience in providing vision and direction to the Agile development teams and stakeholders throughout the project and create requirements.  • Successfully implemented multiple client migration/maintenance/upgrade initiatives ranging from applications, servers and databases.  • In-depth knowledge on migration analysis understanding key concepts like technology capabilities, technology acceptance, infrastructure costs etc.  • Perform feasibility analysis, scopes projects, and works with the project management team to prioritizes deliverables, and negotiate on product functionalities  • Excellent verbal and written communication skills and the ability to interact professionally with a diverse group of executives, managers, and subject matter experts  • Strong analytical, problem- solving and communication skills with particular emphasis on clear, detailed Business Requirements Documentation and Functional Specifications Documentation, planning, Business process Change Management, as well as reports for management.  • Experience in all phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) including Business Requirements gathering, Design, Business process flows, Business process modelling, Analysis, and Documentation using Waterfall and Agile (Scrum) methodologies.  • Expertise in Organising formal interviews, surveys, questionnaire, and Joint Application Development (JAD), Joint Requirement Planning (JRP) sessions with the Subject Matter Experts (SME's) & Stakeholders of the projects for project definition, analyse requirements, creating prototypes, user interface.  • Experience in conducting Gap Analysis, SIPOC Analysis , Kano Analysis ,User Acceptance Testing (UAT), SWOT analysis, Cost Benefit analysis, ROI Analysis, Data flow diagrams, Entity Relation diagrams, Developing Business Process Re-Engineering ,Process Modelling and Requirement Traceability Matrix (RTM).  • Exposure in analysing detailed finance and accounting processes to identify improvement opportunities in internal and external reporting  • Have considerable expertise in Metadata Management, Data Analysis, Data Profiling & Quality, Data Governance and Master Data management (MDM).  • Experience in the utilization of relational databases: Oracle, Microsoft SQL and fulfills tasks associated with data collection, DB creation, and DB review.  • Strong leadership and coordination skills; ability to prioritize and take decisive action using good judgment.  • Extensive exposure to Rational Unified Process (RUP) methodology including UML  • Proficient in Test Planning, Test Preparation, Test Execution, Issue Resolution Report Generation using IT/database systems  • Expert in Microsoft Business Intelligence technologies like SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS)  • Expert in Technical documentation with more than 6+ years of experience on SharePoint and confluence. Work Experience Sr. Product Manager/Product Owner Cytel Inc - Cambridge, MA October 2018 to Present • Working as a Product Manager and Product Owner on key company products ACES (Access Control Execution System), Flex Randomizer.  • Support Companies initiative of moving ACES & Flex Randomizer physical infrastructure to Azure cloud computing service.  • Maintain required project documentation, develop charters and communication plans  • Perform Impact Analysis on Server migration to assess risk involved and write user stories.  • Work directly with other product owners, system engineers, program managers, developers, testers, and customers to define features and technical user stories  • Lead the planning product release plans and set expectation for delivery of new functionalities  • Maintain technical product backlog of engineering tasks & requirements, manage product roadmap define key success metrics and deliver enhancements.  • Maintained Sprint Burn-down Chart, Product Release Chart, White Board in JIRA to keep track of the team's progress and the team's velocity for better estimation of the sprints  • Engaged with Product Lead to successfully break down Epics into User Stories  • Documenting all known bugs from previous releases and writing users stores to Kanban board.  • Participate in project planning and involve all the stake holders as required.  • Managing issue log for all the applications and document them accordingly.  • Schedule and hold status meetings with stake holders and update the project statuses.  • Work with our US Product Management team and India based Product Delivery Manager to break down features into a detailed product backlog  • Worked as a Product Manager and Product Owner for UI/UX requirements project (Statistical Workbench) for client Pfizer.  • Assist in creating Request for Information/Quotes/Proposals for Phase 2 of the statistical work bench project  • Provided Business analysis of identifying business needs and determining solutions to business problems. SIPOC analysis, Process maps, Provide Requirement and functional Analysis.  • Drafted UML Use Cases, Activity Diagrams, Sequence Diagrams, Data Flow Diagrams, Workflow Diagrams using MS Visio.  • Organized JAD sessions to establish the specific data needs and reporting requirements for data mart deployments.  • Communicating effectively with business and development teams to draft product's functional requirements like screen, interface, and GUI designs.  • Creating Statistical workbench application prototype using Axure RP 8 application.  • Writing prototype code in Axure RP 8 for login, dashboard, My Projects, Search etc.  • Write test plans for individual features of the SWB application and draft the necessary test cases.  • Coordinate user acceptance testing and providing feedback to the development team.  • Working on Organizations Customer portal initiative for creating a one stop solution for the products and services offered.  • Assisting Project Manager in analyzing and documenting Business Requirements for Cytel customer portal effort.  • Lead the company's efforts in moving EAST Desktop application to cloud based platform (SaaS)  • Work with third party vendors to provide Cloud infrastructure for EAST SaaS  • Writing initial key requirements for portal like create user name, registration form, cookie policies, authentication, password requirements, subscription model, training etc.  • Writing use cases, workflows in the form of epics and user stories etc. for Cytel customer portal.  • Create documentation for clients, including PowerPoint presentations and Visio workflows regarding Functional & Technical requirements, design, training, etc.  • Lead company's initiative on moving SDLC documentation to Confluence (SharePoint like Service) and Jira (Agile) platform.  • Assisting IT Operations manager in defining ITSM service now requirements and moving it from old legacy systems to new one. Product Owner Trac Intermodal - Princeton, NJ March 2018 to October 2018 • Coordinated with project sponsors, business stakeholders and India teams throughout product life cycle to establish business requirements.  • Created and defined user stories, features and epics for successful delivery of the product.  • Worked in the capacity of a product owner with Operations, Finance, Business Planning & Analysis, Billing business groups to analyze requirements and document them.  • Created and defined features, epics and user stories for product delivery and scrum team, development to drive the product vision and feature roadmap  • Work closely with Product Management to create and maintain a product backlog according to business value or ROI.  • Worked as a liaison between business Units and development team with responsibility for assessing customer business needs and documenting detailed business requirements and report specifications.  • Documenting the acquired results of analysis and workflows as well as obtaining sign-off from the appropriate clients.  • Lead requirements gathering process and maintained the requirements in the product backlog.  • Facilitated Sprint planning sessions to help the solution team understand the requirements from business standpoint and groom backlog stories.  • Creating training material using Power Points and Microsoft word on how to use reporting services.  • Created documentation for clients, including PowerPoint presentations and Visio workflows regarding Functional & Technical requirements, design, training, process reengineering, etc.  • Analysed the functional and technical enhancements and limitations of the solution to avoid potential issues.  • Coordinating with Business Owners and Software development team in defining the solution.  • Used RAD & Prototyping methodology extensively along with Six-Sigma concepts to ensure quality service.  • Gave weekly presentations to Executive Sponsor and stakeholders and the rest of the business team  • Assisted in decommissioning old infrastructure systems, Logix Ml, Web focus and moving them to At Scale cubes, (Cloud Computing Services) , SSRS Reports, API's and Power Bi Dashboards.  • Performing GAP analysis on Old Legacy cubes and update the requirements accordingly.  • Reporting found gaps during analysis to the Project manager and other product owners.  • Analyzed old MS Access databases and documented technical specifications and translated them into system level requirements.  • Worked with applications like EBook (Bookings), EBM (Event & Billing Management), Oracle EBS teams in understanding their applications and translate the data feeds and sources into technical writing for the development team.  • Write epics and user stories to reflect the deliverables of the sprint on Jira assisting scrum master.  • Create and maintain Requirements Traceability Matrix (RTM) to track process validation.  • Communicating effectively with external clients and internal teams to deliver product's functional requirements like screen, interface, and GUI designs.  • Designing and executing the test scripts and test scenarios.  • Coordinated with the groups of business units who test, validate, evaluate new applications and functions, and determine issues in services and software.  • Managing any change requests related to the working project plans daily to meet the agreed deadlines.  • Coordinate tools for process management and ensure that data cycle guidelines are adhered to.  • Guide and teach business and IT partners in data best practice and its use in business processes and decision making.  • Assisted the project manager in maintaining project tasks in alignment with the company's Go-Live initiative.  • Written Release notes for sprint releases and demonstrated the releases to key business units.  • Created and performed BIA Surveys with multiple clients to better under the risks involved  • Assisted IT Operation Manager in Performing Third Party Vendor Assessments for internal IT Services.  • Used Rational Rose and MS Visio for effective visual representation of Use Cases Sr. Business Analyst/ Project Manager BNY Mellon - New York, NY August 2017 to February 2018 • Worked as a Product Manager/Business analyst for Pershing (BNY subsidiary) performing Business/data analysis and BI reporting for their financial information with strict regulatory code.  • Create product road maps and communicating product vision to executive leadership  • Gather and document requirements to determine appropriate methodology to manage expenses for companies' financial year.  • Organize formal interviews with Key stakeholders to determine the project scope & definition.  • Planned and managed the project using waterfall methodology  • Update Project Dashboard on excel on a monthly basis to update the senior management  • Designing dashboards in Microsoft Excel using Visual Basic programming and VBA macros.  • Maintain and execute costing models within ABM and worked with teams within the project to analyze results  • Perform gap analysis to define cubes with in SAS ABM for Visual Analytics module.  • Assist manger in assigning user roles (security) in SAS ABM for business user groups using RACI.  • Build Process flows to determine data flow from cost elements in each stages of the ABM Model.  • Act as a liaison between business staff and technical staff to articulate needs, issues and concerns.  • Exercise business intelligence data governance. Perform backup and restorations. Architected, constructed, and deployed complex business intelligence reports, scorecards, and dashboards.  • Created user stories, use cases, functional specifications, security role metrics, user acceptance criteria, and configuration specifications.  • Created multiple surveys as part of the business requirements as well as for Business Impact analysis, Risk analysis.  • Work with Product Engineering team and other Quality Assurance Engineers to identify, reproduce/troubleshoot defects and documented them.  • Prepare process flows, data flow diagrams using MS Visio. Designed data mapping for source to target system, defined the data dictionary and dependencies.  • Analyze data warehouse project database requirements from the users in terms of the dimensions they want to measure and the facts for which the dimensions need to be analyzed.  • Assisted (as an SME) in Developing and writing IT Disaster Recovery Policy and Standards documents.  • Provide risk-related SOP's for IT infrastructure in relation to low/high level security events.  • Created a business continuity plan for the current project to assess the potential threats involved.  • Moreover, I also authored functional requirements documents [FRD] by interacting with development team for improving client's legacy system.  • Assisted DR Manager's efforts of infrastructure, server, & applications recovery plans for SAS ABM.  • Received training on extensive SAS ABM & other applications training as part of the project scope.  • Performed administrator tasks like backup, restore, maintenance of databases, creating security roles, sharing of records across teams etc.  • Created and performed BIA Surveys with multiple clients to better under the risks involved  • Assisted IT Operations Manager in Performing Third Party Vendor Assessments for internal IT Services. Technical Product Owner Sheridan Healthcare - Sunrise, FL January 2015 to July 2017 • Worked as Product Owner primarily working on Kronos Workforce, Oracle Hyperion Financial Management, Lawson ERP, Vistar contracting & credentialing Applications, MS Dynamics CRM.  • Oversee Day to day Enterprise Applications IT Operations handling various company initiatives  • Provide an active role in mitigating impediments impacting successful team completion of Release/Sprint Goals  • Involved in analyzing, business requirement gathering, planning, & deploying solutions in support of corporate strategies & business initiatives.  • Facilitated communication between organizations in aligning the needs of the business with capabilities delivered by IT  • Lead the implementation effort of AppDynamics for Kronos, Hyperion, Vistar, Lawson, MS Dynamics CRM for application and server monitoring.  • Lead the groups Data Masking Project for all the Enterprise applications for HIPAA & ePHI Compliance.  • Ensured Enterprise applications, logical access, and environments comply with SOX and respond to internal and external Audit requests  • Project Coordinator for IT Operations ITSM ( IT Service Management) initiative a Cloud based service Project to create new Service desk for Enterprise Applications. Played a key role in defining the CMDB, RACI Matrix, Use Cases, Work Flows, Business requirements documents & Service Catalogs for each Enterprise Application.  • Performed SWOT Analysis before new project implementations.  • Worked as business analyst for Enterprise Applications Team for Kronos Workforce Central 7.3 including other Kronos activities for 500+ employees across 15+ divisions with diverse and segregated use of systems.  • Created project plans for all multiple Kronos related projects using MS Project to monitor and track tasks and resources.  • Interacted with healthcare clients to gather requirements, objectives, and input and output requirements.  • Collected existing infrastructure information including Active Directory, SQL server, Reporting Server instance for implementation of New Kronos 8.1, MS Dynamics CRM 2013.  • Evaluated user needs for, recommend best practices, and developed new Kronos Connect interfaces, conducted internal/UAT testing, schedule interfaces to run via Windows Scheduler if required; write, test, and deployed related Windows BAT files.  • Implemented solutions to all Enterprise Applications by scheduling change control (SLDC), accommodating IT Resources and working closely with vendor support.  • Prepared Quarterly forecasts, annual budget, ad-hoc reporting and management reporting by working with the Hyperion team along with business managers.  • Performed Third Party Vendor Assessments against existing contracts with Kronos, Vistar, iCIMS  • Provide End-point solutions for maintaining key Kronos devices attached across the network.  • Document and identify locations for Setting up Data Centers, which is cost-effective and accessible to all Company locations.  • extensive research on Various Cloud Server Providers, identified the best service which provides a better Cloud-based computing infrastructure and designing the Data Centers.  • Audited Enterprise Applications systems based on security standards & IT Protocols.  • Acted as a liaison between various IT groups on information security related topics.  • Translated business requirements into IT systems solutions to Data application.  • Drive and promote SharePoint capabilities and features to improve and increase customer efficiency in using SharePoint.  • Managed SharePoint sites used to accommodate 400+ personnel.  • Assisted in Creating custom SharePoint solutions that use SharePoint Designer Workflows, InfoPath forms, JavaScript, and web service calls  • Ensured all Service Desk requests/incidents were resolved within SLA limits; ensured all project deliverables, internal client and external client expectations were met; communicated transparently both vertically and horizontally  • Created Quarterly reports on all service incidents for all enterprise applications on excel  • Designed and wrote IT Disaster Recovery Policy and Standards documents  • Conducting Sensitive analysis for the determining the overall project costs.  • Collaborated with business customers and QA team to create test plans, analyze test cases, identify issues and escalate them to appropriate teams.  • Evaluated the work effort to complete requirements and UAT testing to provide project estimates, project plans, business impact analysis and project charters  • Worked directly with team members from business sectors & the applications development team  • Design and documentation of deployment architecture, processes, and tools  • Monitor and optimize system performance based on Sheridan's and industry standard  • Support for client issues including but are not limited to performance, communication, networking, integration and application. IT Operations Analyst 2M Companies Inc - Dallas, TX October 2013 to December 2014 • Analyzed and prepared company's IT-Budget for fiscal year 2015 along with the IT Manager and presented a PowerPoint presentation it to the CEO.  • Assisted the IT Manager in maintaining the overall IT Infrastructure of 150-user office.  • Ma  • Conducted On-Boarding for new employees and provided them with Orientation on IT Policies and Procedures.  • Implemented end-point management solutions from vendor negotiations to implementation across the organization's devices and servers.  • Implemented Enterprise password management solutions focusing on Active Directory / LDAP Integration, Role-based access control & user groups, Password ownership & sharing Agentless remote password synchronization, backup & disaster recovery, password management  • Analyzed and documented company's technology management and determined optimal solutions for future IT purchases.  • Implemented data strategies on IT Inventory and generated monthly, quarterly reports on inventory, expenditure etc. on excel and other analytic report generating tools.  • Conducted market research on various product developments generated reports on implementing new technologies within the organization.  • Updated and maintained Avaya VoIP phone and voice mail system.  • Maintained company's enterprise surveillance solutions including data retention and regular hardware maintenance  • Analyzed and documented functional and technical requirements for current projects on IT security, cloud solutions, inventory management applications.  • Troubleshoot issues with equipment like servers, computers and printers and Technical support.  • Ensured compliance of Information Technology Security Policies and utilized vulnerability tools  • Data entry and server-based storage documentation maintenance  • Evaluation of new systems, software, services and processed optimizing for analyzing cost, implementation effort & security  • Performing business and data analysis activities for the implementation of new business applications.  • Gathering, analyzing and documenting functional and technical requirements for new projects, enhancements to existing solutions and production issues reported by end users. SEO Analyst GenY Medium (P) Ltd - Hyderabad, Telangana July 2012 to August 2013 • Helped improve client's web page landing by using Search Engine Optimization tools  • Hands on experience on SEO Tools like Moz Pro, Woo rank, Google Webmaster tools, Google Analytics, Google AdSense.  • Created email templates for client monthly subscription to help with email marketing.  • Supported the company's social media marketing strategy by providing insights on daily activity on their clients Facebook pages.  • Assist with the IT team to monitor web services and make them more efficient.  • Supported and maintained various reporting and analysis needs for performance-based businesses. IT Developer/Analyst Tech Patent Art Services (P) Ltd - Hyderabad, Telangana October 2011 to June 2012 • Designed & created web-based applications using PHP, JavaScript, HTML, and CSS with Oracle database.  • Maintain existing code by solving bugs, building enhancements to company's website based on the written technical and functional requirements.  • Designed GUI screens using usability and design principles.  • Worked change requests (CRS) analysis and performed impact analysis of CRs.  • Created multiple websites by using SharePoint as requested by managers.  • Implemented Java server-side logic using Tomcat, Jboss, and WebLogic.  • Assisted in the deployment process of the applications on the server side.  • Developed, implemented, and troubleshot complex code in VBA Access to retrieve data from Oracle and DB2 databases.  • Assisted in implementing underlying database object to support front-end & back-end applications.  • Analyzed data; validated data accuracy and presented data in a user-friendly format.  • Developed various types of SQL queries (union, update, append etc.) used by management to obtain vital statistical information.  • Managing the help desk, troubleshooting PC and connectivity issues and software installation.  • Generated reports on excel about issues received at IT Helpdesk in order to help management  • Helped in reducing the number of helpdesk tickets by 40% by performing and documenting the Root cause analysis.  • Coached/ mentored employees across teams and provided technical assistance as needed.  • Working knowledge of TCP/IP protocols, troubleshoot network related issues.  • Involved in the configuration of SSL to provide internet. Manager APBC Print Providers (P) Ltd - Hyderabad, Telangana April 2010 to September 2011 • Coordinated 56 channel partners, largely print media houses on day-to-day basis.  • Lead the company's credit management strategy to ensure effective cash flow from partner.  • Devised and executed the strategy to compete effectively against competitors with low cost print solutions; helped improve annual sales by 20% for the company through this initiative"  • Carry out market research to explore new markets and product promotion.  • Analyze Reports on Inventory, Sales and accounts by using business software tools, Tally ERP.  • Generate regional market research reports on major Tech nova Brand products in the market. Education Bachelor of Technology in Technology Information Technology JNT University - Hyderabad, Telangana 2011 Skills MS VISUAL STUDIO, VISUAL STUDIO, EXCHANGE, HTML, JAVASCRIPT, MS PROJECT, REPORTING TOOLS, VISIO, XML, MS ACCESS, MS SQL SERVER, SQL SERVER, ORACLE, SQL, MS SHAREPOINT, SHAREPOINT, SQL SERVER REPORTING SERVICES, SSRS, TABLEAU, T-SQL, Agile Scrum, Jira, Kanban, Scrum, Scrum Master Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:  Project Methodologies: Agile, Waterfall, Scrum, Kanban,SAFe,Lean, RAD, Six-Sigma.  Operating Systems: Windows 98/XP/7/8 , Mac OS X, UNIX, Linux.  Languages: SQL, T-SQL, UML, HTML, CSS, XML, JavaScript, jQuery, VB Script, XML, Shell Script,  Databases: MS SQL Server, Oracle 8i, MS Access SQL Profiler, SQL Server Management Studio  ETL and Reporting Tools: Crystal Reports, Excel, MS BI, SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), Tableau, MS Excel.  Document Management: MS SharePoint 2007, 2010, 2013 ,Confluence, Microsoft Teams  Quality Assurance Tools: Selenium, QTP, TestRail  Performance/Server Monitoring Tools: AppDynamics, Solar winds, Manage Engine Op Manager.  Project Management Tools: MS Project, MS Visual Studio, JIRA, Wrike, Slack, Confluence  Processes: ISO, Six Sigma, CMMI, SIPOC Analysis, RACI,ROI Analysis,Gap Analysis, Use Case Modelling & Analysis, Business Environment and Market Research Analysis  Other Tools: Microsoft Dynamics CRM 2011, 2013, 2015 and 2016.VB Script, Active Directory, Exchange Server, SharePoint, Outlook Client, MS Visio, MS Office (Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint)