Project Coordinator <span class="hl">Project</span> Coordinator Project Coordinator Oceanside, CA Organized, self-motivated, growth minded and personable professional with 6 years experience in the recruitment, hospitality and education fields.     My strengths are based in effective communication, presentation and attention to detail.   No task is too small or too big to take on, it's a matter of priority.     I never sit still and do not need a reminder to give my best each day.   I take pride in my work because, "How you do something, is how you do everything."   With a client-centric approach, I constantly set goals for myself that align with team needs and fulfill my desire for growth and advancement.     My current goal is to find a position where I can use my strengths to improve the customer experience, create compelling campaigns that match the needs of the customer to the goals of my team, and find new challenges to learn and grow as a professional. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Coordinator Indermedex - San Clemente, CA April 2019 to Present Created invoices of Phaco and Harmonic medical equipment repairs. Quoted and processed incoming POs in four languages.. Managed vendor accounts and updated system records. Provided customer facing services, including QA and follow up to  maintain and grow our customer base. Office assistant / public works City of Oceanside - Oceanside, CA August 2018 to March 2019 Analyzed and organized city leases and insurance programs, provided administrative  support including data entry and file management. Childcare Provider Cultural Care - Knoxville, TN August 2016 to July 2018 Key Account Manager / IT Hays AG May 2014 to June 2016 Developed key accounts to meet and exceed team goals. Reviewed and determined staffing needs in the IT field, establishing consistent and trustworthy client relations. Worked alongside our legal team to extend and retain my best contractors. Managed investment balance and sales activities. Advanced to Key Account Manager within  the first 6 months. GERENAL MANAGER ASSISTANT ROCCO FORTE HOTELS September 2013 to April 2014 Education Bachelor's in Business Managemnet Hotel-Touristikfachschule Marburg - Marburg May 2009 to April 2012 Skills administrative support (5 years), Customer Service (6 years), Data Entry (4 years), Facilities management (4 years), Information Verification (4 years), Inventory, Management, Microsoft Excel, Scheduling, Word, Quickbooks (2 years), SAP (3 years), Excel, Sales, Accounting, Photoshop, Project Management, Microsoft Office, Outlook, Revit, Quickbooks (2 years) Additional Information SKILLS security, Facilities management, Hospitality law. Inventory Controls,  Optimization, Segmentation and Negotiation from Prices.  Customer Service, Data Entry/  Accuracy, Administrative Support,  Information Verification, Team VOLUNTEER EXPERIENCE OR LEADERSHIP  Collaboration, Record/File  Maintenance, Vendor Relations,  Multi-tasks  Volunteer as Office Assistant in Public Services for the City of Oceanside,  LANGUAGE since August 2018 to present. Suzie Hunter / Senior Manager Analyst  English, Portuguese, German, Spanish  COMPUTER  MS Programs, Pins Advantage,  ApplictaionXenter,