Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager - OUTSOURE CONSULTANTS, INC Richmond Hill, NY Work Experience Project Manager Outsource Consultants - New York, NY June 2019 to Present  Accountable for every aspect of the projects progress being handled within and/or outside department.  • Responsible for technical consultation. Department of transportation & buildings Permit(s) and their renewals, Contractual obligations, billing, proposals, change orders.  • Coordination of necessary compilation of documents and plans between contractors, architects, engineers and property owners to erectly close out a project.  • Portfolio management- management of multiple projects ( New Buildings and interior build-outs) for clients such as NYU Langone Health & United American Land, Thor Equites, Hilton & Marriott.  • Fluent in contract Management, Cost management, time Management and quality management  Manage submittals, RFIs, Change orders, purchase orders and logs during construction phases.  • Developing and maintain reports and logs along with city agency required paperwork.  • Assist in quality project completion by pro-actively adhering to clients expectations and schedules  through utilizing necessary resources.  • Attend department of building required inspections Assistant Project Manager OUTSOURCE CONSULTANTS, INC - New York, NY February 2018 to June 2019 • Ensure quality project completion by pro-actively adhering to client’s expectations and schedules through utilizing all necessary resources.  • Portfolio Management- Assisting in the management of 50 Projects (residential and commercial Such as NYU Kimmel Pavilion, the Moxy Downtown, & Northwell Health)  • Work collaboratively with internal and external teams to ensure successful project outcomes.  • Developing and maintain reports and logs along with all city agency required paperwork.  • Overseeing the close-out process. Preparing final records for the projects.  • Attend department of buildings required inspections  • Fluent in Contract Management, Cost Management, Time Management & Quality Management.  • Attend project meetings to discuss project status as required.   • Visit department of buildings offices on occasions to meet with DOB officials  • Accountable for project progress being handled within or outside department  • Familiar with client’s project goals regarding outcome, scheduling, phasing, technical requirements, and completion date.  Operations Manager FITNESS INTL. - LA FITNESS December 2015 to January 2018 • Manage gym staff, Making hiring, promotion, disciplinary and termination decisions  • Budgeting, controlling costs and keeping the organization on track financially  • Maintain relationships between city officials as well as various vendors (cleaning companies, contracting  companies, etc.)  • Respond to common inquiries or complaints from customers  • Read, analyzed, and interpreted common construction drawings and specifications, legal documents, Financial  Reports  • Weekly meetings with Construction Manager and Project Manager to review progress and adjustments that  needed to be made  • Filed and submitted paperwork/ Permit for with NYC Department of Buildings and Department of Health Personal Banker JP MORGAN CHASE, Kew Gardens December 2013 to December 2015 • Created and managed branch sales plans  • Executed sales, relationship and credit strategies  • Cultivated partnerships (commercial and small business, home lending, financial advisors, and JP Morgan)  • Provided tellers and other branch staff members with coaching and guidance on products and special programs  • Identified client needs and provided appropriate referrals  • Served as Teller, Customer Service Representative Assistant Store Manager THE HOME DEPOT, Flushing November 2012 to December 2013 • Analyze and maintain various reports (e.g., accountability, special orders on hand, SS/POS discrepancy and Book and Physical reports) Develop monthly and yearly sales and budget forecasts  • Operations Management & Merchandise Planning  • Supervising Associates in the selling effort, ensuring the store's in-stock position, and maintaining an appealing  and organized store appearance Department Supervisor THE HOME DEPOT, Flushing - Ozone Park, NY September 2011 to June 2012 Lead effective training and manage performance for all Special Service Associates in order to drive outstanding  customer service  • Provide valuable input into merchandising decisions to the Sales Assistant Store Managers (ASM's), Freight Head Cashier Home Depot January 2011 to September 2011 • Responsible for expediting customers through the store's registers by ensuring the efficient operation of the cashier team and front-end operations  • Ensure the efficient operation of the registers through coaching and supporting the Cashier team in identifying  high shrink items Cashier Home Depot March 2010 to January 2011 • Following through on all policies, procedures, and duties related to customer transactions  • Maintaining a safe and organized area to ensure quality customer service Summer IT internship DEP- Department of Environmental Protection - Queens, NY June 2007 to August 2007 Education Bachelors of Science in Finance in Finance HUNTER COLLEGE Project Management Certificate CORNELL UNIVERSITY Construction Project Management Certificate PACE UNIVERSITY Certificate FEMA EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT INSTITUTE CMIT Construction Management association of america - New York, NY OSHA 30 Construction Department Of Labor Skills HTML, IOS, JAVA, EXCEL, MICROSOFT OFFICE, budget, Estimating, maintenance, Scheduling, Outlook, Microsoft Project, Customer Service, Word, Auto CAD, Sales Certifications/Licenses Osha 30 Construction February 2018 Additional Information Project Manager with 10 Years of management experience. Experience in managing construction projects from various industries from healthcare to retail & hospitality. Knowledge and experience in expediting between city agencies for construction inspections and document approvals in all phases of construction projects. Track record of minimizing cost and maximizing productivity. Decision maker with excellence in Communication. Research and creative problem solving. Experience in portfolio management. Currently holding a Project Management Certification from Cornell University and Construction Project Management Certificate from Pace University    COMPUTER SKILLS: MS Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint, Outlook, Publisher (All versions of Microsoft office),  Adobe and IOS / Apple Software, JAVA, HTML, Troubleshooting.