Sales Planning and operationalization Sales Planning and operationalization Sales Planning and operationalization - Avanir Pharmaceuticals Irvine, CA • Advanced digital and omni channel product development experience with a talent for facilitating Kaizen Agile delivery well within timeline, scope, and budget parameters.  • Substantial experience in leading cross-channel product strategies, building cohesive teams, managing multimillion-dollar project portfolios, and converting novel concepts into profitable technology products.  • Skilled at influencing, managing, and connecting with people from diverse cultures and backgrounds.  • Excellent track record in mentoring, coaching, and leading project teams throughout numerous product development lifecycles in complex matrix environments.  • Exceptional talents in budget administration, staff management, and process/procedure improvement.  • Able to join forces with key stakeholders to define User stories, evaluate gaps between existing procedures, and design processes and system improvements to fuel productivity and slash expenses.  • Substantial experience with projects related to business operations, vendor management, software development, information systems analysis. Work Experience Sales Planning and operationalization Avanir Pharmaceuticals - Aliso Viejo, CA 2019 to Present Aliso Viejo, CA - 2019 - Present  • Led a critical enterprise wide compliance initiative. Closely collaborated with the executive management to implement compliance policies and procedures for the organization.  • Managing a Commercial upgrade project to deliver a seamless way of Sales Planning and operationalization. Goal is to automate 60% of their manual business processes  • Operating in the role of Program Manager on the #1 Strategic enterprise initiative - Pharma Product Launch. Collaborating with 10+ teams including C-level executives. Program Manager/Scrum Master Molina Healthcare - Long Beach, CA 2016 to 2018 • Effective Management of the new business digital and omni channel portfolio collectively valued at $10M. Led teams supporting complex solutions, grounded in customer data, analytics and business strategy, designed to grow consumer engagement and overall business value. Collaborated with C-Level executives and provided an executive status dashboard of key metrics that tied in to strategic goals and objectives.  • Closely worked with Marketing team to help deliver client facing content for new states, realizing 5 million members for the enterprise.  • Shaped the enforcement of business rules in core business systems such as CRM, IVR and QXNT.  • Identified process improvement solutions for my team, that would enhance quality of execution and delivery of customer growth initiatives; including tools, content, and processes.  • Seamless Management of a geographically dispersed matrix organization that included both customer employees and contractors for all the projects in my jurisdiction.  • Played an integral role in Business Case development for various organization's initiatives.  • Championed the implementation of a Sales enablement project, Salesforce integration with Exact Target to conduct outreach programs for Molina's existing and potential members and providers. This helped increase the lead-to-customer conversion rate by 35%.  • Helmed a SaaS platform-based $20M integration program to address enrollment and billing overload in Molina's contact center area.  • Deeply engaged in quarterly staff evaluations for my reports and enabled training programs for continuing education.  • Played a key role in ensure the effectiveness of change management activities. Program Project Manager United Health Group - United Healthcare & OptumRx - Irvine, CA 2013 to 2016 • Led business enabled high-priority implementation of $9M healthcare electronic prior authorization program comprising of key business stakeholders, 15 application teams and two primary vendors, resulting in an ROI worth $15M over 5 years.  • Oversaw $8M military and veterans compliance project, major healthcare exchange program, $4M ICD10 enterprise compliance implementation. Collaborated with compliance VPs' and Senior Managers very closely to produce high quality deliverables a seamless manner.  • Steered delivery of a Six Sigma project which yielded 71% efficiency in adjudication of claims.  • Mentored peers and team members and provided insights to better streamline change management activities in an effective and efficient manner.  • Collected/disseminated/promoted awareness of best practices, knowledge and insights relevant to project management practices.  • Methodically orchestrated $1M worth of claims adjudication projects that contributed to 80% of OptumRx Medicare business segment and realized zero UAT (user acceptance testing) defects.  • Received multiple awards for exemplary achievements in leading highly visible, enterprise-wide projects. Technical Operations Project Manager Ready Pac Foods - Irwindale, CA 2011 to 2012 • Led a team of ~120 to execute a seamless migration from Baan ERP system to JDE within high-volume manufacturing plant. Closely worked with the Operations and financial executives to deliver the same.  • Shaped custom enhancements for JDE enterprise solution featuring Oracle modules such as order management, supply chain, inventory management, and shipping; created associated user training manual.  • Project-managed web-based solution to manage customer's warehouse inventory that minimized waste and increased inventory efficiency by 46%  • Played an integral role in EDI projects for key customers such as McDonalds and Trader Joe's. Technical Operations Project Manager Beckman Coulter - Brea, CA 2010 to 2011 Steered delivery of BigMachines, Oracle's CPQ cloud- v11 end-to-end implementation with significant influence over testing, resource allocation, and integration between web-based sales system and Oracle-    based ordering system. This assisted the company to cost savings of ~32% and increased forecast sales by about 150%.  • As a member of the Client services Support team, collaborated with senior executives, stakeholders, and project team members on a variety of high impact initiatives on the salesforce.com platform  • Worked closely with the project team to define and develop a change management template process on the salesforce.com platform.    • Managed a team of 20 including offshore teams in a matrix organization. Responsible for resource allocation, timeline management, and work planning for the team. Mentored junior resources to augment their proficiency in BigMachines.  • Fully managed and implemented business processes to manage Agile activities in the Rally software system.  • Handpicked to plan, structure, and deliver highly-visible and critical pricing database built with Oracle. IT Project Manager/Scrum Master FFF Enterprises - Pharmaceuticals - Temecula, CA 2007 to 2010 • Rapidly promoted from initial role as application developer to a team member entrusted with far more comprehensive projects such as B2C and B2B web-based flu vaccine sales online scheduling system.  • Aligned, mobilized, and coordinated three offshore teams in requirements clarification, technical specifications, testing, deployment, and PCI DSS compliance using Agile- Scrum methodology. Education Executive MBA in Business Analytics Washington State University Bachelor of Science in Computer Science University of Missouri - St. Louis, MO Bachelor of Science in Environmental Science Bangalore University - Bengaluru, Karnataka Skills training, Time Management, Outlook Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/nilima-rao-11a16929