Business Analyst (Circle K) Business Analyst (Circle K) Business Analyst (Circle K) Yorkville, IL A solution-focused Business Intelligence leader with over 12 years of experience in analytics, data visualizations and data warehousing. Adept at analyzing project requirements, translating business need into technical specs and adhering to data standards while maintaining a long-term strategic outlook. Work Experience Business Analyst (Circle K) True Group, Inc - Oak Brook, IL July 2018 to Present • Gather functional requirements for strategic long-term client goals  • Advance functional work streams; facilitate meetings, provide documentation  • Act as liaison between stakeholders and technology; bridge the gap between functional and technical requirements  • Work with developers to build Proof of Concept solutions; demo to client  • Work with 3rd party vendors on understanding of functional requirements  • Work with 3rd party vendors on understanding of functional requirements  • Work with BTA on creation of technical specs; communicate to business  • Provide support to all levels of management Engagement Manager / Sr. Project Manager McDonald's Corp July 2018 to June 2019 • Responsible for renewals of Statements of Work (SOW) and Change Requests (CR)  • Responsible for maintaining SOW / CR resources  • Ensure staff meeting client deliverables / milestones on time  • Communicate updates / issues / risks to client  • Grow client relationship  • Utilize Data Warehouse / BI experience to recommend solutions to client - design scalable solutions  • Ensure billable work is in line with client financial expectations  • @ True Group, Create new timekeeping system allowing accurate financial tracking to Sr. VP / Partners  • As BTA / Sr PM - Create / maintain project timelines; utilize Agile methodology to keep work moving in parallel streams  • As BTA / Sr PM - Deliver 3 reporting solutions prior to due dates having aggressive timelines by through daily SCRUM sessions and constant client feedback  • As BTA / Sr PM - Create / maintain the following documentation: RAID Log, Impact Analysis, UAT / Test Cases and Source to Target Mapping  • As BTA / Sr PM - Assist with Tableau report development and SQL View creation  • As BTA / Sr PM - Perform UAT of data through SQL; UAT Reporting solutions / data reconcilliation Project Manager / Data Analyst McDonald's Corp October 2017 to July 2018 • Publish advanced analytics hardware / software deployment for USIT Senior Management Team  • Work with Program Managers to understand and communicate changes to deployment and Call Center numbers  • Publish PowerPoint decks to Management supporting Restaurant Technology Board initiatives  • Quickly complete all ad-hoc analytic requests  • Provide support to US PMO office with updated analytics and project status  • Provide support to Owner / Operators with metrics and ad-hoc requests  • Manage client relationship through on-time, accurate deliverables  • Manage client data / metrics through development of an advanced Excel workbook to store and report over metrics; create efficient data entry Project Manager / Sr. BI Developer Precision Point Solutions - Countryside, IL November 2015 to August 2017 • Manage 2-year, $1m hotel Enterprise Data Warehouse project using Agile methodology  • Manage staff of Data architect, ETL Engineers and Developers for project  • Work with lead architect on data warehouse design; make recommendations based on reverse engineering of BI report deliverables  • Coordinate development with third-party software vendors  • Recommended and implemented Pulse Survey process to send mid-stay surveys to guests allowing immediate action to issues. Resulted in repeat guest stays; increased revenue  • Work with client to gather requirements; conduct weekly sessions with client; be consultative with client  • Assignment / management of tasks to resources; conduct daily SCRUM sessions with developers; keep developers on point  • Provide project updates to management; maintain timelines / budget  • Provide ad-hoc data analytics supporting data loads as well as provide feedback to client on in-house and reservation trends  • Manage developer time; troubleshoot / communicate issues and risks; manage scope  • Created automated PM tool in Excel; track task history as well as issue/risk management; capture / estimate all tasks; manage backlog  • Prepare Statement of Work based on requirements; present to client (up to C-level)  • Using SQL, create advanced views in SQL Server to support reporting output using Inner / Outer Joins, Aggregates, Group By as well as nested joins  • Develop highly complex forecasting reports matching on multiple date and attribute levels; work with client on requirements; use out-of-box solution to fulfill requirements  • Develop / schedule SQL scripts to validate daily data  • Develop dashboard with global prompt supporting 14 reports (m-Power) Project Manager - IT Zacks Investment Research - Chicago, IL September 2014 to November 2015 • Work with Program Managers on web site development needs including but not limited to web site functionality and reporting.  • Conduct sessions to scope out requirements.  • Provide project updates to management.  • Manage multiple, simultaneously running projects; work with developers on time and issues  • Lead team of off-shore developers; help bridge cultural gap between developers and management  • Demonstrated consistent completion of projects on time  • Conduct daily meetings with developers and weekly meetings with Program Managers  • Communicate project status / issues to Product / Program Managers; built strong relationships through open and honest communication; engendered trust from management  • Manage weekly status sessions with all IT Program Managers to communicate high level project status  • Mange project list for all project managers; provide updates to CTO Project Manager - Business Intelligence & Clinical Product Development Catamaran Rx - Schaumburg, IL January 2012 to August 2014 • Provide project / portfolio management over all Business Intelligence requests  • As Application Developer, demonstrated need for project and portfolio management to direct and target incoming work as well as resource management. New position created as a result  • Directly manage multiple BI projects running simultaneously. All target dates met. Failure to hit dates would have resulted in large fines  • Work with business groups on reporting needs. Offer guidance on technical feasibility of requests.  • Effective project management resulted in a 30% increase in projects completing on time and a 40% improvement client satisfaction  • Implementation of portfolio database allowed greater efficiency of demand management. Project work was able to be scheduled based on resource availability  • Management reporting made possible through database including In Flight work as well as summary metrics, issues and risk management  • Implemented time tracking system for entire department (150 employees). Trained all employees and supported system. Tied back actual time to portfolio database to allow Actual vs. Estimate analysis  • Designed / developed Sharepoint site to support entire department. Included design, implementation and security facets; contents included document management (through metadata tags) as well as PTO calendars and portfolio management  • Estimated savings for meeting SLA's was $1.5 million  • Communicate project status to management and executives; mitigate issues and risks  • Mentor developers; provide guidance and how to approach development tasks  • Lead daily SCRUM sessions with development resources.  • Step in to assist developers as needed to maintain timelines  • Act as interim Business Intelligence Manager for 6 months; manage employee workload, coordinate PTO  • Work with PMO on resource allocation / project scheduling  • Coordinate and support off-shore development team; provide issue resolution Application Developer, Business Intelligence August 2010 to December 2011 • Work with stakeholders on reporting needs. Identify report requirements  • Develop reports in Cognos to specs on time; conduct UAT; run through QA with business users; promote to production  • Engage data team when necessary to bring in necessary data elements to database  • Recommend alternate reporting solutions to stakeholder to address business need  • Assisted business groups in scheduling automated delivery of reports  • Communicate risks / issues to management and stakeholders  • Write scripts in SQL to verify report output  • Initiated and completed development of report suite over CRM tool (Pulse) to better assist system / software request tracking  • Maintain / generate / create data cubes (400+) in SSIS for client reporting Education Education / English Purdue University - W Lafayette, IN 1988 to 1990 Skills MAPPING, SQL SERVER, ORACLE, SQL, STORED PROCEDURES, DATA ANALYTICS, ETL, STAR SCHEMA, COGNOS, MS PROJECT, SHAREPOINT, TABLEAU, JIRA, UAT, VISIO, BUSINESS INTELLIGENCE, BI, POWERPOINT, MICROSOFT WORD, WORD, Excel, MS Office, testing, Microsoft Office Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/jeff-anderson-b979155 Certifications/Licenses Scrum Master Certification (in progress) June 2019 Additional Information ? TECHNOLOGY / SKILLS    ? Business Intelligence  ? Star Schema, Relational Databases  ? SQL Server, Oracle  ? Cloud technology (as data source)  ? SQL querying / views / stored procedures  ? BI Tools - Cognos (proficient), m-Power (proficient), Tableau (basic), BO (basic)  ? Data Analytics  ? UAT / Testing  ? ETL Mapping  ? SSIS  ? Sharepoint  ? Project Management Tools (MS Project, JIRA)  ? Microsoft Word, Powerpoint, Visio