Senior Market Research Analyst Senior Market Research Analyst Senior Market Research Analyst - Medtronic, Inc Work Experience Senior Market Research Analyst Medtronic, Inc - Memphis, TN January 2017 to Present Developed and managed marketing dashboards to monitor account growth opportunities. Analyzed US and international new product launches to track break even point and monitor product cannibalization. Translated complex data into key insights for competitor product comparisons.  Key Accomplishments:  • Created product revenue, unit, and ASP tracking in Spotfire and Power BI reporting tools. Tracked 510K approvals clinical trials and top products for competitors to make decisions on which accounts to target for sales reps. President's Club Sales Consultant CarMax - Memphis, TN January 2015 to September 2018 Established company selling skills and tailored it to own style to successfully sell automobiles. Built rapport with customers based on actively listening to needs, wants, budget, etc. Compared and contrasted vehicles to help narrow down selection. Met sales goals on monthly basis.  Key Accomplishments:  • Made President's club every year. Led all salesmen in vehicles sold as a part time associate as well as close rate. Established company selling skills, explained capabilities and features of vehicles, built rapport with customers Financial Systems Analyst Medtronic, Inc - Memphis, TN September 2015 to January 2017 Responsible for list price structure for product releases by region. Managed contract reporting procedures for accruals, balance sheets, and reconciliations. Developed business reviews for product efficiency and growth drivers.  Key Accomplishments:  • Created incentive-based contract reporting tool for tracking rebates based on sales from multiple therapy groups to grow sales in the US. Refined expiring contracts report and how customers are approached about pricing for new contracts. Developed construct analysis tool for ASP tracking to monitor price and volume changes in spine market. Targeted key accounts for new contract structures in which all 12 accounts hit sales quota. Associate Project/Process Analyst Fed-Ex Services - Memphis, TN May 2014 to September 2015 Managed department budget and forecasted expense requests. Trained on new software development lifecycle introduced to IT. Facilitated resource request and assigned new processes across multiple organizations. Conducted business calls with customers to get buy in on internal processes for software.  Key Accomplishments:  • Received Bravo Zulu award for going above and beyond for website development and training. Found new vendor to save company 300K on licenses for project management training. Created the migration and roll out plan for training for over 2,500 employees across the world. IT Business Analyst/Operations Manager Cummins Mid-South - Memphis, TN January 2012 to May 2014 Monitored inventory and invoiced customers for unit rentals, sales, and service calls. Negotiated pricing for rental and sub-contracting generators to other companies. Evaluated the impact, return, and costs presented by work process improvements. Designed and maintained dashboards that highlighted annual sales performance.  Key Accomplishments:  • Increased rental revenue by 30% YOY after taking over as operations manager. Implemented tracking software for rental generators to prevent loss of equipment. Redesigned process for home and business generator post sale care to generate more revenue. Education B.B.A in Management Information Systems in Management Information Systems University of Memphis - Memphis, TN 2007 to 2012