Project/Program Manager II - Consultant <span class="hl">Project</span>/Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> II - Consultant Project/Program Manager II - Consultant - JP Morgan Chase Philadelphia, PA Work Experience Project/Program Manager II - Consultant JP Morgan Chase March 2017 to Present • Manage large cross functional Risk, Pricing, and Small Business projects, end to end, within Card Services (i.e. system implementation)  • Manage cross functional team of 30  • Manage timelines, meetings, raid logs, and weekly status reports  • Manage project releases implementing into production  • Conduct Steering Committee meetings and create executive presentations  • Ensure business and IT activities are completed on schedule  • Establish ownership of all tracks of work  • Provide proactive communication with senior leadership to understand needs, communicate status, and resolve issues ITS Project Manager - Consultant American Water September 2015 to March 2017 • Managed a company wide (involving 7,000 employees) upgrade to O365, including mobile access  • Worked with a third-party vendor to conduct the transfer of mailbox data (individual and group mailboxes)  • Conducted 10 staggered implementations providing the least impact to the business  • Worked with a Lead Application Developer to deploy virtual upgrades of the Microsoft suite  • Worked with the Communications Manager to disseminate mass communication as it pertained to the overall project i.e. FAQs, help desk contact information, dates of implementation, intranet URL with additional documentation, etc.  • Manage and forecast project costs (CAPEX and OPEX), resources, and timelines.  • Manage and mitigate risks which jeopardize the project deliverables.  • Identified costs savings to fund mandatory projects.  • Create dashboards, status reports, and presentations for executives and stakeholders Project Manager - Consultant Farmers Insurance November 2014 to September 2015 Lead small to large projects, $250k - $20m, using SDLC  ? Managed meetings, daily, weekly, bi-weekly, monthly.  ? Created high level requirements for a +/- 50% IT ROM and detailed level business requirements for a +/- 20% IT ROM  • Developed Project Charters, Project Plans, Business Requirements Document - BRD, Work Breakdown Structure (WBS), Cost Benefit Analysis - CBA, RAID log, Test Cases  • Managed project releases with local and remote teams and third-party vendors  • Managed project staffing plans and budgets  • Managed project reports: weekly project status reports, resource planning reports, risk management reports  • Develop project presentations  • Communicate project status to various levels of management Project Specialist III - Consultant TD Bank April 2014 to November 2014 Managed meetings, project plan, and RAID log.  ? Manage project documents and artifact records with Data Governance for Basel and Stress Testing.  ? Managed gap analysis against Basel framework/guidelines  ? Managed data integrity tracking for all Basel related rules  ? Managed weekly dashboards for DFAST. IT Project Manager - Consultant New Penn Financial September 2013 to February 2014 • Lead small to large projects  • Managed project plans and tasks ownership  • Managed project meetings  • Manage and review project tasks to ensure deadlines are met  • Manage issues/risks and identify solutions to mitigate  • Proactively communicate project status, changes, and progress  • Manage a cross functional project team, including vendors  • Established PMO processes  • Managed weekly executive reports and biweekly reports for external vendors Project Manager - Consultant JPMorgan Chase July 2013 to September 2013 • Lead and manage multiple regulatory reform projects impacting DMOU  • Manage enhancements to support process improvements  • Streamlined processes and procedures  • Managed risks jeopardizing the timely processing of fully executed agreements  • Managed weekly project meetings, reporting, and metrics QA/ Project Manager Lincoln Financial Group January 2008 to May 2011 • Managed multiple small projects (Website enhancements, Microsite enhancements, Mobile Access to Fund data, and Sales Manager/Territory updates)  • Managed status meetings with various levels of management to discuss deliverables, timeframes, budget, risk, and/or issues  • Created mock designs and test scripts (test cases).  • Managed technical teams (programmers, DBAs, web developers)  • Identified enhancements needed to improve business processes  • Manage RAID log, business requirements, and resources  • Provided QAT support for projects  • Validated SQL developers data manipulations across multiple tables and servers, using SQL queries Education Bachelors of Science in Management in Finance East Stroudsburg University September 1998 to December 2001