Service Engineer / Technical Project Manager Service Engineer / Technical <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Service Engineer / Network Engineer- Ahlberg Cameras Wilmington, NC Experienced IT leader with top-notch implementation and project management abilities. Highly organized, methodical and skilled at building consensus across high-performance teams. Well-versed in building positive relationships with customers. Strong requirements gathering, scope development and inventory coordination abilities. Skilled at overseeing complex, high-value technical projects with excellent planning competencies. Work Experience Service Engineer / Technical Project Manager Ahlberg Cameras - Wilmington, NC March 2015 to Present • Initiated project management knowledge study and subsequently standardized project management practices.  • Monitored installation and operations to consistently meet rigorous customer requirements.  • Continually improved methods and procedures for processes, measurement, documenting and work flow techniques.  • Rendered technical drawings and electrical systems specifications exceeding company standards.  • Mentored junior engineers and new hires to better improve competency and efficiency of all staff.  • Coordinated with vendors to identify and procure appropriate equipment necessary for project completion.  • Collaborated successfully with cross-functional development teams to design and manufacture new products.  • Applied principles of electrical theory to advance and improve product development and efficiency.  • Tested and checked performance of hardware and software programs.  • Developed, designed, deployed and integrated CCTV systems and networks.  • Analyzed and evaluated performance and optimized efficiency. IT Manager Century 21 Sweyer - Wilmington, NC June 2011 to March 2015 • Created full-fledged implementation plans, accounting for ROI, cost-benefit and other analyses.  • Performed detailed assessments of risks to determine constraints and develop mitigation strategies.  • Sourced additional resources and staff to meet timeline demands.  • Responsible for network administration of over 200 users on multiple networks throughout the eastern United States.  • Gathered requirements, defined scopes, allocated resources and established schedules meeting or exceeding project demands.  • Analyzed projects to determine resource requirements and procured necessary equipment and software.  • Managed and motivated project teams to promote collaboration and keep members on-task and productive. Product Support Engineer Joint Security Infrastructure Group - Wilmington, NC November 2009 to June 2011 Worked on technical team in support of Clear Registered Traveler Program remotely and traveled to site supporting Siemens, Lockheed Martin, and L-1 Communications.  • Developed and implemented pursuit plans for all opportunities with assigned key accounts.  • Coordinated setup of over 15 TWIC sites to include technology equipment and structured cabling.  • Installed and maintained with tier III support the ID-1000 fingerprint scanner / biometric scanner at over 15 national sites in support of the TSA's TWIC program for cleared access to Nation's Maritime Transportation System.  • Identified sales opportunities by assessing environment and devising and implementing winning strategy.  • Gained customer acceptance by demonstrating cost reductions and operations improvements.  • Provided technical troubleshooting and problem solving for clients with installed equipment/system issues. Education Bachelor of Science in Management And Organizational Development University of Mount Olive - Mount Olive, NC 2012 Skills Wiring, Cost estimation, Estimation, Optimization, Schematics, Wiring schematics, Mitigation, Network security, Exchange, Virtualization, Hyper-v server, Microsoft hyper-v server, Hyper-v, Vmware, Sql, Product development, Budgeting, Business analysis, Operational support, Documentation Additional Information Skills  • Design planning  • Operational support  • Equipment installation  • Budgeting  • Cost estimation  • Project management  • Wiring schematics  • Staff management  • Product development  • Documentation and reporting  • Team leadership  • Risk mitigation planning  • Stakeholder relations    • Performance optimization  • Network systems installation  • Network security oversight  • Network development and administration  • Business analysis  • Network maintenance  • SQL  • SonicWall  • Project coordination  • Microsoft Exchange  • VmWare Virtualization  • Microsoft Hyper-V Server