Senior IT Project Manager Senior <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Senior IT Project Manager - Frontpoint Security Solutions Washington, DC Experienced Project Manager with a demonstrated history of working in the public and private sectors. Strong program and project management experience in Agile and Waterfall project delivery. Top-notch attention to detail and problem-solving abilities with a resourceful mindset and thorough approach to make strategic technical and business decisions. Work Experience Senior IT Project Manager Frontpoint Security Solutions - Vienna, VA September 2018 to Present * Serving a dual role as Senior IT Project Manager and Manager of the IT Help Desk supervising a team of 3.  * Leading business and technical stakeholders through researching vendors, creating business and technical requirements, scheduling demonstrations, and deployments to enhance or improve daily operations.  * Lead the deployment of the Zendesk suite that has created a savings of $12,000 per year with additional features that will increase revenue for the E-commerce platform.  * Lead the procurement, deployment and training of GoToMeeting and Microsoft Teams to unify all communication platforms across the enterprise.  * Created an intake process within IT for SaaS products to reduce application redundancy.  * Assisted with the technical design and creation of Frontpoint's first remote site for its second call center in Utah. Single Family Delivery Services- Project Management Senior/Product Owner Freddie Mac - McLean, VA May 2017 to September 2018 * Served as a Business Project/Product Manager of the Loan Product Advisor (LPA) product leading IT Development teams producing new strategic initiatives and maintenance related projects.  * Led 3 new strategic initiatives and 4 maintenance releases with a total budget of approximately $15 million.  * Led LPA Agile/Waterfall/Hybrid technical development teams creating project schedules and roadmaps, writing business requirements, success criteria, and deployment plans.  * Assisted with sprint planning as well as led daily scrums and retrospectives for my project teams.  * Led product demos of technical solutions and programs for stakeholders and senior leadership.  * Produced bi-weekly dashboard to report project related activities, accomplishments, risk & issues, and schedule updates to senior management. Senior Consultant - Department of Labor Booz Allen Hamilton - Washington, DC March 2016 to March 2017 * Served as Risk Management Lead for the Unified Communications Program writing, compiling, documenting, and prioritizing all program and project related risks.  * Assisted with the creation and management of SDLC documents such as the Project Management Plan, the Stakeholder Register, the Communications Management Plan, and the Quality Management Plan.  * Developed a bi-weekly Risk Review meeting to facilitate discussion with project work stream leads to brainstorm and analysis risks against the program.  * In support of the Director of the Enterprise Shared Services, developed a matrix to align DOL capabilities and services to each of the Top 16 systems within the agency along with preparing presentation artifacts for a Disaster Recovery Tabletop exercise.  * Along with the Federal Project Managers guidance, we developed the After-Action Report for the exercise detailing Agency leads responses and summarizing the entire exercise to close out this requirement for OCIO. Enterprise Project Management Office, Project Manager I Fannie Mae - Washington, DC July 2014 to March 2016 * Was the Portfolio Manager for Corporate Functions (CF) Maintenance projects which assisted 7 teams with a yearly allocation of $4.2 million with resource demands, project financials, and approvals.  * Provided monthly status reports displaying project and financial data to assist with the yearly forecast.  * Lead the effort for planning and redesign of team's internal SharePoint site for the EPMO Portfolio Integration (PI) and assumed administrator duties.  * Created reports to display financial and resource demand allocations for maintenance projects to be presented to leadership.  * Assisted with creating the Enterprise Steering Committee decks for the quarterly meetings to be distributed to upper management using Power Point. This deck displays demand and forecast data along with project baselines and requests for additional funding. Assistant Chief of Staff Fannie Mae - Washington, DC April 2013 to July 2014 * Compiled data from various resources for the RTB Technology Delivery Shared Services (RTBDSS) business unit supporting a Senior Vice President and his Chief of Staff.  * Lead the process for collecting business unit's accomplishments, performance, and activities internally and externally to be distributed to the Board quarterly and created a monthly newsletter for RTBDSS management.  * Coordinated weekly meetings regarding Operational Readiness to ensure projects were ready for implementation into production. Ensured all production support groups were in attendance, took meeting minutes and action items, and ensured project teams followed up with proper channels to certify projects were production ready.  * Created an Excel report and chart to display Change Request and Incident Trends within the Production Environment. Digitization, Project Manager and Junior Admin Fannie Mae - Washington, DC October 2012 to March 2013 * Was the primary project manager for several different Documentum initiatives facilitating requirements gathering & documentation, assisting with design documentation, drafting Level of Efforts for working groups, and conducted status meetings with key project team members and key stakeholders.  * Assumed primary support duties for InputAccel answering pages an emails requests for customers 24/7 for incidents and or troubleshooting printer/scan failures, job failures for batches, and user access issues.  * Assisted in the upgrade of InputAccel with testing code for errors, executed use cases and locating and correcting batch errors within the application.    Extracurricular Activities/Organizational Affiliations  * Alumni Advisor, International Fraternity of Delta Sigma Pi, Howard University (2012- Present)  * Member, International Fraternity of Delta Sigma Pi, Howard University (2008- Present)  * Volunteered 20 hours a week at the Executive Office for the President of the United States (Fall 09) Education Masters of Science in The Management of IT in Management of Information Technology University of Virginia - Charlottesville, VA 2017 to July 2018 Bachelor in Information Systems Howard University - Washington, DC 2011 Skills Waterfall, PM, SDLC, PMP, PM, SDLC, PMP, Waterfall, Scrum Master, Project Management, Information Technology, Itil, Software Development, Software Development, Itil, Scrum Master, Project Management, PMP, Waterfall, SDLC, Information Technology, PM, PM, SDLC, Scrum Master, PMP, Software Development, Information Technology, Project Management, Itil, Waterfall Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) Driver's License