IT Consultant / UX Designer <span class="hl">IT</span> Consultant / UX Designer IT Consultant / Project Manager Denver, CO Experienced Information Technology Project Manager with a demonstrated history of working in the technology industry. Strong programming and project  management professional with a Master’s Degree focused in Organizational  Leadership from Colorado State University. Skilled in evaluating needs and  developing results based on strategies to achieve customer centric results.  Demonstrated experience in Negotiation, Budgeting, Networking, Server  Management, Coding, Windows iOS, MS Office, and Google. Additional Training  and Professional Certifications in LEAN Six-Sigma, Computer Security & Enterprise Management, and CISCO Networking. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Consultant / UX Designer Denver, CO 2018 to Present Duties Include: Responsible for developing applications for devices powered by the Android operating system.  Translate designs and wireframes into high quality code. Design, build, and maintain high performance, reusable, and reliable Java code. Ensure the best possible performance, quality, and responsiveness of the application. Help maintain  code quality, organization, and automatization. Identify and correct bottlenecks and fix bugs. Site Technician ECTS - Denver, CO 2015 to 2018 Jeffco Public Schools    Duties Include: Provide effective production support of devices that connect to the District Infrastructure including accu- rate problem identification, troubleshooting, and ticket documentation. Configure and install computing devices and  peripherals. Diagnose, research and resolve technical issues on supported client and server hardware, operating systems  and applications. Troubleshoot, repair, configure and upgrade computer hardware components. Proficiency and under- standing of computer management system including Imaging processes, software deployment, patching, and remote  control. Mobile technology management, configuration and troubleshooting. Operations Manager Denver, CO 2014 to 2017 Denver Decompression Art and Music Festival    Duties Include: Coordination of city contracts to ensure compliance with city regulations and ordinances. Coordination  of all third party vendors for event to include stage-in/break down. Creation of all documentation for each city depart- ments checklist. Site walk-through with city inspectors to ensure compliance. Insurance negotiations, permit negotia-  tions, and vendor contract negotiations. Presentations to the board and general public regarding current standing of all  contracts before/after event. Onsite manager for all activates in relation to the event. Ticketing & Box Office Manager Denver, CO 2013 to 2016 Apogaea Art and Music Festival    Duties Include: Design and implemented ticketing solutions for the 2014 event hosting over 2,100 people. Identifying  and developing new strategies to reach new audiences. Design and manage a system for complementary and dis- counted tickets for specific groups. Created and manage gate entry solutions across multiple departments. Design and  order specialized merchandise and volunteer uniforms. Answer all customer questions and complaints regarding ticket- ing issues. Ensure all Box Office & Will-Call policies are implemented and followed. Developed a secondary ticking solu-  tion for re-selling tickets using Bootstrap Open Source framework. IT Project Manager Denver, CO 2011 to 2015 The Book Bug Bookstore    Duties Include: Provided on-site enhancement, upgrade, and support services to employees. Developed and created  new company website with integrated E-Commerce applications. Provided hardware/software installation, server main- tenance, and trouble resolution to LAN. Created and oversaw implementation of database for all inventory. Created  multiple spreadsheets to effective management of daily activities using open source project management software.  Cultivated and sustained long-term client relationships. Researched and implemented cutting edge technologies to im- prove quarterly sales by 30%. Education Masters in Computer Science in Computer Science Colorado State University - Fort Collins, CO 2014 to 2016 Masters in Organizational Leadership in Organizational Leadership Colorado State University - Fort Collins, CO 2009 to 2010 Skills Adobe, UX, User Experience, Javascript, Sketch, Networking Certifications/Licenses Lean Six Sigma Yellow Belt June 2019 to Present Assessments Graphic Design — Highly Proficient July 2019 Using graphic design techniques and producing visual media to communicate concepts. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/pxullnfrc51lb-5r Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.