IT PROJECT MANAGER <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">PROJECT</span> <span class="hl">MANAGER</span> IT PROJECT MANAGER - EDNETICS INC Renton, WA I am a motivated professional with over 10 years of escalating responsibility and experience in large-scale business and project management. I am accomplished in strengthening interdepartmental collaboration in large organizations and skilled in leading diverse teams to effectively and efficiently reach project and organizational goals. With a strong commitment to accuracy and quality, collaboration and accountability are the cornerstones of my management style. Work Experience IT PROJECT MANAGER EDNETICS INC - Issaquah, WA September 2017 to Present Manage up to 35 projects across Ednetics' product lines: Network Infrastructure, Physical Security, Collaboration, Voice and Data Management in School Districts across the Pacific Northwest.   • Work closely with School District/University stakeholders from Network Engineers to Superintendents, including on-site visits.   • Manage and facilitate all levels of project meetings and communications.   • Create project, communication and deployment plans.   • Monitor and Manage change control requests and processes.  • Establish and adhere to overall Project timeline and schedule.  • Document project from start-up to close-out.  Example Projects Led:   • Seattle Public Schools - IPVS Security Upgrades   • Salem-Keizer School District - IPVS, Access Control & Intercom Upgrades  • Chehalis School District - Network Switch & Access Point Installation   • Renton School District - Wireless Access Point Upgrades & Additions   • Corvallis School District - Data Center Hybrid Storage Solution SUPERVISOR, DIGITAL INNOVATION, SOFTWARE ENGINEERING PROVIDENCE HEALTH & SERVICES - Seattle, WA July 2013 to February 2017 Managed a team of software engineers and contractors responsible for a portfolio of  over 200 custom built applications. In this position I managed the decommissioning of  125 legacy applications, 3 server transition and upgrade projects, and led  documentation projects to provide articles for 150+ applications and services.  • Successfully reduced average change request volume from 20/week to 3/week by implementing new support structure and standards.   • Provided project oversight, support, and mentoring while collaborating with customers to implement new application releases under tight time constraints.  • Implemented standardization of operational processes & project documentation.  • Applied Lean methodologies & Kanban tools to improve the flow of work and transparency to leadership.   • Collaborated with business owners to define strategy, requirements & timelines.   • Consolidated developers across 5 states into a highly functional virtual team.   • Clearly defined and maintained priorities for software engineering team while managing multiple concurrent critical projects.   • Managed training, hardware & software needs for software engineering team & contributed to budget planning & cost-center management.  APPLICATION DEVELOPMENT COORDINATOR PROVIDENCE HEALTH & SERVICES - Renton, WA January 2012 to July 2013 • Oversaw software development life cycle projects and provided expertise across multiple high-level projects and initiatives.   • Managed multiple web and mobile application development projects.   • Provided leadership in conflict resolution and team communication.  • Collaborated with software developers in establishing and maintaining   • application design processes and quality standards.  • Led the proactive identification and mitigation of risks throughout projects.   • Established and cultivated effective communicative relationships with operational business customers.  • Collaborated across departments to ensure successful and timely completion of projects that at least met or exceeded requirements.   • Resolved problems for any customer issues identified or questioned with the aim of enhancing customer satisfaction and improving customer relations. Business Office manager ADAPTIVE BIOTECHNOLOGIES - Seattle, WA February 2011 to January 2012 • Improved and maintained office efficiency by planning and implementing office systems for operations, procedures, and correspondence.  • Designed and implemented policies by establishing standards and procedures; measuring results against standards.  • Kept management informed by reviewing special reports, summarizing and analyzing information, and identifying trends.  • Implemented hiring processes and standardized documentation, orientation processes, training, and performance management for all new employees.   • Conducted all aspects of HR management, payroll and accounting.  Project Management Associate Providence Health & S - Renton, WA June 2009 to June 2010 • Managed 5 broad scope projects from initiation through execution.   • Produced project scope & project plans, workflow mapping and business case documents for process improvement initiatives; presented weekly, monthly & ad hoc project status reports to senior leadership.   • Standardized correspondence, business forms, and reports for internal and external distribution.   • Prioritized and delegated tasks, identified issues, and resolved constraints.   • Effectively maintained open communication among stakeholders.   • Provided motivation and direction to team members to ensure accurate, on time, completion.   • Assisted in development of specialized training programs, process flows, and policy and procedural documents for several operational departments, resulting in increased productivity and operational continuity.  Education ASSOCIATE'S DEGREE South Seattle Community College 2018 to 2021 Skills Information Technology, Project Management (10+ years), PMP (8 years), ITIL (8 years), Waterfall (10+ years), Software Development (5 years), SDLC (5 years), IT Project Management (10+ years), Program Management (6 years), Team Management (8 years), Team Building (4 years), Leadership (8 years), Risk Management (10+ years), Quality Assurance (10+ years), Communications (10+ years), Database Management (4 years), Integration (10+ years), Process Improvement (10+ years), Process Development (10+ years), Customer Service (10+ years), Change Management (10+ years), Technical Writing (10+ years), SmartSheet (3 years), Microsoft Office Suite (10+ years), JIRA (6 years), Project Planning (10+ years), Network Security (2 years), Budgeting (8 years), Business Analysis (10+ years), CRM (2 years), ERP (6 years), Human Resources (6 years), Visio (10+ years), Confluence (6 years), Webex (8 years), Project Coordination (10+ years), People Management (6 years), PM, Continu (10+ years), IS Project Management (10+ years), Portfolio Management (6 years), Agile (5 years), Documentation (10+ years), Illustrator (1 year), Salesforce (1 year), Strategic Planning (8 years), Administrative Skills (10+ years), Cost Control (10+ years), Metrics (10+ years) Links http://linkedin.com/in/jencarew Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) May 2019 to April 2022 ITIL Foundations January 2013 to Present Project Management Certificate 2011 to Present