Consultant Consultant Consultant - Ally Financial Rochester Hills, MI Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Consultant Ally Financial - Troy, MI 2017 to Present Agile Transformation Coach/Technical Delivery Manager  • TDM for a financial systems ecommerce strategic initiative providing Agile Coaching, directing internal and offshore development team.  ? Drive and align technical discussions, support offshore team in UI/UX and backend requirements clarification.  ? Deep dive into technology for participation in tech discussions on customer site / immediate assistance.  ? Sustain Agile methodologies by fostering a team culture that practices Agile to incorporating strategies for improvement.  ? Orchestrate and consolidate performance metrics for CIO report outs to executive leadership.  ? Partner with Business and development to research and contribute recommendations and time the introduction of new functionalities within the Product Backlog.    Volkswagen Auburn Hills, Michigan  Agile Transformation Coach/Delivery Lead  • Delivery Lead (Build Organization) with the Elsa2Go program for the Digital Retail Service Lane strategy directing and guiding technical teams (on-shore and off-shore) with Agile concepts, technical implementation, ensuring on-time technical delivery. Results include:  ? Developed and deployed integrating with iOS 10x and Android platforms Optical Character Recognition (OCR) Real Time Recognition (RTR) Abbyy SDK v6.0 AI/neural technology with improved User Experience (Info media Tree per-loading/caching) and barcode scanner capabilities for use at Audi/VW dealers in U.S. for reading Vehicle Identification numbers and manufacturing barcodes to display vehicle service history for dealership service lane customers - Deployed November 2017.  ? Drove technical and planning discussions with Abbyy and Volkswagen Group of America (VWGoA) Architecture to recommend and incorporate/plan OCR and RTR enhancements for future releases.  ? Completed successful Proof of Concept (POC) for integrating 3rd Party Dealer Managements Services (DMS - Reynolds & Reynolds, CDK, etc.) to provide dealer specific dealer inventory and pricing by dealer(s) - Demo August 2017. Universal Pricing Guide iOS/Android 2017 to December 2017 Directed on-site technical team and prioritized matrixed VWGoA technical resources (Architecture/QA/WebOps/ IT) to develop Universal Pricing Guide technology (iOS/Android) to provide recommended warranty-based service(s) (packages or al la cart) to Audi and VW dealership customers in the U.S. - Deployed December 2017  ? Initiated internal IT project to repoint backend databases, develop new backend services and modify adaptors for a Vehicle Summary Service (integral to Elsa2Go platform above projects) to provide warranty history, additional service history, vehicle information view, and customer data from Germany.  ? Recommended process improvement to have S&Q AMS assume ownership of Knowledge Transfer plan after required number of KT sessions have been identified by the Delivery Lead and Architects early a project to mitigate Application Management Systems Group resource support lead times and to ensure key AMS availabilities for KT sessions prior to GoLive.  ? Developed Agile recommendation stack detailing approach for leveraging Agile methodologies to execute projects quicker.  ? Provided Agile Coaching introducing a green field internal development team to lean concepts, agile structure and organization practices to improve delivery efficiencies and ultimately achieve team collaboration via agile process implementation.    Resume of Terrence Flynn  Volkswagen )  ? As Delivery Lead functioned across VWGoA silos of QA, EOC, Helpdesk, Business, S&Q AMS, Security, Architecture, Data Operations, and WebOps to negotiate deliverables, obtain estimates, communicate, and set expectations for delivery.  ? Partnered in the spirit of a one team approach with strategic on-site vendor (Wipro) to mitigate escalations, identify technical resources, and to collaborate on delivery, removed technical impediments, communicated at Director level escalations, actionable next steps, and provided mitigation scenarios across VWGoA leadership, QA, Architecture, S&Q AMS, IT, Wipro to status current projects and ensure confidence in delivery of in-flight projects.  ? Agile Transformation and Coaching across enterprise and on projects to foster collaboration and delivery mentality. Applications Manager Clark Hill, PLC - Detroit, MI 2015 to 2017 • Member of Internal IT Leadership Team Manager with 4 direct reports - (3) System Analysts/PM's in Detroit and (1) Project Manager in Pittsburgh.  • Manager of Applications responsible for 164 plus legal and financial applications to ensure proper licensing renewals, correct application details (versioning, contact info, and technical) leading and managing within a matrix and coordinating activities with multiple vendors and internal resources to develop, maintain, support, and enhance enterprise applications.  • Implemented and developed an excel based Portfolio Management/Planning process for the technology project pipeline and in-flight projects, resulting in prioritized portfolio and impactful resource management planning dashboard, weighting, with near-term projections for resources to predict when above the line projects based upon strategic needs could start on a per quarter basis.  • Stream-lined current project delivery processes and procedures and developed new processes in support of technology project delivery and supporting business operations.  • Functioned as managerial lead for Information Technology across organizational groups (Accounting, operations) to implemented projects to include mergers, Chrome River cloud-based expense system, an international joint venture, office relocations, security remediation initiatives, Exchange Upgrade, BigHand digital dictation server-based voice actualization upgrade, HR systems planning and upgrades, and a Texas based Healthcare Consulting Group acquisition.  • Agile Transformation and Coach, applying and implemented agile concepts, practices and processes across IT Delivery function. Agile Transformation and Coach/Agile Delivery Lead (consultant) Catalina Marketing - Saint Petersburg, FL 2014 to 2015 • Agile/SCRUM Yellow Team SAFe Lead Capabilities Enablement (Apps/Business needs) direct, plan, organize, manage and negotiate with geographically dispersed Product Owner using SCRUM processes and ceremonies to execute JIRA tickets (user stories) across all in-flight SCRUM projects.  • Plan and facilitate program Release Planning Meetings, Release Management Meetings, Inspect & Adapt Workshops, Review, Retrospective and Scrum of Scrums.  • Track and provide status of the business increment including pro-active identification and management of risks, issues, dependencies.  • Agile Transformation and Coach acting as integration point for team for cross SCRUM channel alignments amongst other teams/groups. Sr. Project Manager - Information Technology General Motors - Detroit, MI 2012 to 2014 Corporate Solutions Group (CSG)  As Agile Delivery Lead, direct teams and deploy technology projects and solutions through all project phases measuring and monitoring progress to ensure on time delivery within budget, to meet or exceed expectations.  • Data Supply Chain (DSC) integration point across functional groups to estimate, portfolio plan, develop and execute EDW release strategies for projects, directing cross-functional teams to deploy value added solutions (Marts/subjects/source systems) for Global Product Development.  • Orchestrated Release (RFC) and Change Management process and practices to ensure successful releases and deployments.  • Managed resource and staffing requirements using the HP Product Portfolio Management (PPM) application to integrate within a matrix team environment to negotiate the re-balance of demand as needed through full project life cycles. Project Consultant PricewaterhouseCoopers - Tampa, FL 2011 to 2012 CCI Blue Chip Talent - contract)  Fulfilled key role to manage and deploy projects across Enterprise Information Technology, Infrastructure, Tax, Assurance and Human Capital including SharePoint, PeopleSoft/Oracle, and network upgrades.  • Partnered with key stakeholders and business groups to successfully deploy solutions and upgrades across PwC Groups.  - Applied agile methodologies to ensure completion of deliverables and orchestration of scope across projects.  - Developed agile checklist process to drive accountability, mitigate risk, manage scope, and report up.  - Directed offshore teams from Tata Consulting Service and Infosys to ensure completion of project deliverables.  - Provided Agile expertise for teams adopting lean development approaches.    • Completed projects include PeopleSoft Security Patching and Oracle 10.2.03 - 10.2.05 upgrade, Quickr 8.5.1 upgrade, Cisco to Juniper upgrade, Lotus Notes INAB retirement, Lotus Notes Extended Directory Catalog Deployment, Human Capital on-Boarding dbase upgrade, Win7 Tax Navigator tool bar upgrade, Assurance SharePoint 20.10 External Communications Management System, Oracle Amberpoint upgrade, Secure External File Transfer Analysis with IBM.  • Agile Transformation and Coach with enterprise SCRUM initiatives across specific technology projects and deliverables. IT Project Manager NBC Universal - Manhattan, NY 2010 to 2011 Media Works - Digital Content    • Directed as Project and Technical Lead geographically disperse on-shore/near-shore/off-shore development teams (iGate, Burlasoft, Infosys) developing Oracle JBOSS and SQL Server based asset management, facilities management, digital and entertainment-based applications.  • Project Manager and Application owner for NBC internally developed Asset Tracker Management handheld scanner bar code system responsible for socializing with other NBC Groups to encourage adoption and integration of company assets.  • Directed roll-out and tracked projects with HP Product Portfolio Application (PPM) system, tracking multiple work streams and sorted intersecting complexities to mitigate risks.  • Technical lead for determining with Business release requirements for planned enhancements for major and minor releases.  • Provided, organized and communicated notifications for network availability and application upgrades.  • Applied PMI and agile methodologies to direct teams executing enterprise wide projects within for media and digital content technologies. Education Graduate Certificate in Information Systems Security Management Villanova University - Philadelphia, PA B.A. in Economics & Business Management Walsh College of Accounting and Finance - Troy, MI United States Air Force Oakland University - Rochester Hills, MI Skills DEVOPS, MITIGATION, PROBLEM SOLVING Additional Information Competencies Integrative - Integrative Project Management Approach (emphasizing Business/Technology/equal weight of Team)  Innovative - Agile DevOps Adaptation (leveraging a hybrid process approach to complete and deploy projects)  Leadership - Tactical and Strategic Process (driving completion of tasks/management by objectives with agile focus)  Mitigation - proactive problem solving within established frameworks and processes