CPS Energy (Contract-Experis) CPS Energy (Contract-Experis) CPS Energy (Contract-Experis) - Contract-Experis Senior IT Project Manager with over 15-years of experience leading high profile, time sensitive projects in various industries including Oil & Gas, Insurance, Manufacturing, Purchase Card Industry and Computer Manufacturing. Recognized for delivering projects on time and on budget, outstanding issue resolution, clear and concise communication, and reducing and eliminating risk. Work Experience CPS Energy (Contract-Experis) Contract-Experis - San Antonio, TX January 2019 to Present SCADA Initiative Senior Project Manager  • Successfully completed CPS Energy Generation Management System Monarch Application upgrade to install new version to increase security and performance.  • Confirm requirements across multiple teams, including Security, Network, Storage Facilities, NERC Compliance, SCADA Support and Operators group in a challenging environment. Facilitating meeting with the Vendor OSII and Executive sponsors at the C level.  • Updated E & C-Level stakeholders on a weekly basis. Provided monthly financials using SAP and Clarity to track cost and resources availability. Refine test scripts with Vendor, CPS Energy and HSH Pi resources to create a unified and comprehensive plan,  • Executed test and implementation schedule, synchronized upgrades to the Operations and Monitoring teams. Project completed on schedule and on budget. Senior Project Manager Enable Midstream Partners - Houston, TX October 2017 to August 2018 • Managed IT project resources to build out new office space for 180 Enable employees in Class A CBD office space in One Shell Plaza. Total project budget was $3.5MM.  • Managed team resources team to work closely with application owners from every business unit to gather and refine requirements. Created measurable KPIs for reporting to Senior management weekly. Most importantly this move involved relocating two critical and technically complex functions, Pipeline Systems Control and SCADA. Move was successfully completed ahead of schedule, in one weekend, for a savings of $750K in rent. Senior Project Manager AIG - Houston, TX July 2017 to September 2017 Managed AIG and Ernst & Young resources to develop and implement the global, enterprise wide Data Security Program strategy. The McAfee desktop tools and the Symantec Network tools will enhance detective and preventative controls to guard against inadvertent loss and malicious theft of confidential data and customer Personal Identification Information.    Zeitman Resume/  • Resources on my team working closely with the application owners were responsible for setting up various operational enhancements to the tactical Data Loss Prevention program to mitigate risks in the operationalization of the program.  • Gathered and documented issues by collaborating with Senior Leadership, to understand ePO administrative settings, complex RegEx, Keyword and Protective Rule sets and policies configurations to insure maximum protection to prevent sensitive data from being lost to external penetration and unauthorized internal export. Senior Project Manager TransCanada Corp - Houston, TX January 2017 to May 2017 • Managed TC IS resources to replace Citect, Wonderware and tcSCADA systems controlling pipelines in Western US Region with the latest version of CygNet.  • Scheduled IS resources from Network Architecture, Servers, Network Security, Database, Storage, Field Ops, Devices, Cybersecurity, Citrix and Telecoms. Coordinated with SCADA Program Manager to create work packages, milestones, and budget to create project schedule for IS tasks.  • Gathered and Documented issues by collaborating with Senior SCADA, Gas Control and Measurement stakeholders.  • Built, executed and documented test cases and logging results in JIRA application.  • Planned consolidation of distributed system of SCADA devices, changing legacy Pt2Pt data/voice circuit conversion to MPLS backbone, Telecom installation at new remote Compressor Stations and 7-year end-of-life network hardware replacement. Senior Project Manager Houston, TX July 2015 to April 2016 • Managed projects using Scrum Master techniques and Agile methodology, including software development, testing, implementation and deployment to ATMs, POS, and payment card systems.  • Identified and managed risks in compliance with current ISO and PCI standards through collaboration with Chief Security Officer.  • Reduced late completion of projects from 30% to 9%  • Minimized use of offshore project resources that resulted in saving thousands of dollars Contract- NSC Global AT&T - Houston, TX November 2011 to April 2015 Senior Project Manager  • Managed 38 AT&T projects for Shell (Client) in 42-month period with net project worth of over $85MM.  • Managed 10 projects and 6 Project Managers for Shell's E&P Eagleford Communications Program.  • Reduced late project completion from 60% to 9% using AT&T's Enterprise Risk Management Policy that identified, mitigated or eliminated risk.  • Implemented VSAT, RF, Wi-Fi, LAN/WAN, SCADA, and PCAD networks providing comprehensive communications coverage over 100,000-acre Harrison Ranch in Eagleford.    Zeitman Resume/ Senior Project Manager Contract Jupiter Group - Houston, TX November 2010 to November 2011 • Deployed Windows 7 & Office 2010 to 8,500 desktops  • Managed 8 Project Managers and team leads responsible for multiple interdependent projects including PC and network security and antivirus programs.  • Collaborated with department heads and application developers to develop, test and implement custom applications for the new environment.  • Insured migration of SCADA, Process Control systems and applications, into new environment on time and on budget. Contract Red River IT Fort Worth Airport Board - Dallas, TX May 2010 to November 2010 Senior Project Manager  • Project lead for DFW Advisory Board Internal Purchase Card Industry (PCI) Audit to identify procedure and process deficiencies for credit card purchases at DFW International Airport.  • Identified over 100 vulnerabilities through detailed internal audit using ERM and PCI standards for IT assets.  • Created detailed plan to remediate, eliminate or mitigate all vulnerabilities in an acceptable stakeholder timeframe and budget.  • Delivered and secured Executive Board approved for 11-month, $4MM remediation plan within budget and timeline. Senior Project Manager Shell Oil - Houston, TX December 2008 to May 2010 • Managed the project to relocate 400+ Shell personnel from remote locations to 5 Central Business District locations.  • Gathered requirements, developed, tested and customized software for Shell Trading.  • Decommissioned over 100 telephone & data circuits saving Shell over $10,000 dollars a month in AT&T service charges.  • Gathered requirements from executive business customers to plan, develop and test new software required for the new remote Disaster Recovery site built in north Houston. Education Certification University of Louisville Present Master's in Project Management The George Washington University - School of Business and Public Management Military Service Branch: US Army Reserve Service Country: United States Rank: Specialist 5 May 1968 to May 1974 1. Personnel Specialist/Compsny Clerk, trained and served in an MP Battalion unit, an Engineer Battalion and finally a Hospital Battalion. Honorably discharged after my 6 year tour. Certifications/Licenses PMP from PMI 2004 July 2004 to Present Masters Certificate in IT Project Management from The George Washington University School of Business 2000 to Present