Enterprise Architect II | Network Services III Enterprise Architect II | Network Services III Enterprise Architect III | Project Manager Bradford, OH Entrepreneur, IT project Manager and Cyber Security Professional with a keen understanding of business  operations. Highly driven by establishing and implementing cost-effective efficient and productive  company solutions. Passionate on minimizing and or eliminating downtime and Delivering  Business-Wide technology solutions and procedures that successfully maximize company-wide  security and growth. Work Experience Enterprise Architect II | Network Services III Quantech Services Inc - Beavercreek, OH May 2019 to Present Govt. Contract IT Project Manager Macalogic, WPAFB - Dayton, OH August 2018 to February 2019 Served as lead Project Manager at WPAFB for Two, Tier 1 Service Desk Teams made up of two  technicians per site (5 Total) supporting nearly 2500 users. In charge of maintaining all Performance of Work Statements, Standard Operating Procedures, Service Level Agreements, Internal Operations and  Processes, and any Project/Task related Proposal Documents. Improved the Tier 1 incident resolution  percentage from 43% to 100% at both projects within first three months.    • Started looking into an advanced incident analytics to put a dollar value to each incident resolved  against the PWS to Project savings directly reflecting our team's performance and value.  • Designed and developed our companies new Government SharePoint Site containing nearly 15  different Project Teams.  • Conduct 90-Day, 6-Month, and Yearly team member Performance Reviews.  • Added additional skills and Responsibilities to current PWS, resulting in the increased  availability of zone technicians due to incidents being resolved at Tier 1 rather than escalating  out. IT Manager TOA Winchester, LLC - Winchester, IN January 2018 to March 2018 Hired to develop and implement companywide IT standards, as well as to review and adjust the FY18 IT  budget. Successfully reduced the FY18 IT budget by $250,000.00, while creating a 52% savings of  $100,000.00 on the company PC Refresh Project. Implemented department and company ITIL standards,  while developing and training IT staff to achieve a 95% incident resolution on the first call. Develop a workplace environment where all end-users feel confident in IT's ability to resolve incidents while  showcasing the IT department as a company asset and an ROI generator.    • Optimized in-house Network Infrastructure, Hardware, and Software to support business  operations.  • Established and Executed company PC and VoIP refresh.  • Supported all Cisco Switches and APs deployed within the environment.  • Developed policies and documentation to establish Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery  Procedures.  • Reviewed and adjust the FY18 budget to lower IT spending, while increasing business  productivity.  • Determined strategic direction for IT department and company information needs, while implementing solutions to meet company's long-term business plan.  • Managed Information Technology including Business Systems, Infrastructure Enhancements,  Technical Support, and Access Security.  • Updated and maintain VMware Environment including patching, updating, redundancy, and migrations.  • Manage Active Directory to ensure information security and managing end-user access to required information.  • Provided Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery planning from the Technology perspective;  assist other management personnel by helping with the creation a complete Business continuance  plan.  • Developed standards for hardware, software, and program selection, documentation, and training.  • Ensured integrity of fixed assets including licensing, software, and hardware, while maintaining  all Vendor and maintenance contracts. Owner Veteran Technology Concepts, LLC - Bradford, OH July 2017 to January 2018 Provided IT Project Management, Consulting, and Services for the Small Business Market. Focused on Network Configuration and Design, Desktop Refresh Projects, Wireless Design and Implementations,  Active Directory/Group Policy Management, various Warehouse Technology Projects, around the clock  IT support, and other services which included:  • Patch Management and scheduling for Network Devices.  • Anti-Virus and Malware solutions and support utilizing Webroot Management Console  • Management and Monitoring of Internal and Cloud-based Infrastructure using ConnectWise  Business Suite.  • 8x5 and 24x7 Service Desk Support.  • Infrastructure consolidation using (IaaS), (SaaS), (DaaS).  • On-site and Remote Backup Design, Implementation, and Management.  • Office 365 Support, Migration and Deployment.  • Disaster Recovery and Business Continuity Documentation and Planning.  • PBX / VoIP Support and Solutions.  • Provide vCIO Services for Stakeholders  • 24x7 On-site and Remote Desktop, Software, and Network Support  • Conducted Partner and Vendor Management covering Hardware, Software, and Support  Agreements. RHEL Systems and Virtualization Administrator MacAulay-Brown, Inc - Dayton, OH April 2017 to August 2017 MacAulay-Brown, Inc. is recognized as one of the top Government Defense Contractors in the Country.  Updated and Migrated Legacy systems for the Air Force and AFEMS program, while serving as the lead  Linux Systems and Virtualization Administrator.  • Assigned to be lead Red Hat Systems Administrator and Virtualization Administrator for onsite  Government Servers.  • Deployed and installed RHEL 7.1, 7.2, 7.3, and 7.4 using STIG Security Compliance.  • Deployed and Installed RHEL 7.4 Server w/ STIG Security that hosted multiple RHEL 7.3,  Windows Server 2012 and Windows Server 2016 VMs.  • Provided general PC and Application support for all office personnel.  • Created, revised and maintained Internal Network drawings using Visio. IT Infrastructure Analyst FRAM - Greenville, OH July 2016 to April 2017 Managed and conducted all IT support services for the Greenville, OH location while also serving as IT  Project Manager. Responsible for all Projects and Onsite IT issues, including Applications, Active  Directory, SCCM management, and Company Phishing project. Provided support for in-house  Infrastructure including, Switches, Routers, Access Points, and Servers. Assist all locations with new user  creation and ensure all users were granted and maintained proper permissions.  • Project lead for Company Phishing Campaign, involving the Testing and Training of over 400  users by way of the KnowBe4 Phishing Application. Developed the Project scope and timeline which included the initial phishing email to test users, and their training lessons post phishing  test. Developed the remaining schedule which covered 11 months and added three additional  phishing attacks with mandatory training. Also, lead individual or department specific training, and allocated extra time for users struggling to identify our phishing emails.  • Managed multiple projects across all phases of development ranging from the IT department to  Projects on the manufacturing floor where IT involvement was required.  • Managed and developed my sites PC refresh schedule and rollout process.  • Presented periodic Dashboard reports on the current program statuses, future improvement  opportunities, along with ongoing site and company IT issues.  • Managed Site VLAN's and all other forms of network communications.  • Planned and implemented tailored IT solutions for clients, based on the individual's problems or requested solutions.  • Administered Microsoft Windows Servers, Windows Server Update Services (WSUS), Active  Directory (Users, Groups, and Group Policy), Network Security devices. Project Manager -Technology Business Development Crown - New Bremen, OH September 2015 to July 2016 Served as a Project Manager, for new Technologies in the Forklift Industry. Highly interactive with customers to help initialize, deploy, and troubleshoot new technologies until they were handed over to the  current production team. Traveled to customer locations to deploy systems, troubleshoot systems, and conduct follow-ups with the customer. Some of the responsibilities of the position included:  • Assisted with the design, development, and testing of the business development team's prototype  products and software. Also visited customer sites for new technology implementations and testing, as the SME on the prototypes and Crown's future forklift technologies.  • Conducted on-site troubleshooting the to the best of my ability since there were little to no  technical support documentation available.  • Developed documentation from the initial start date through product live time. This  documentation would become very critical not only for the development and progression of the technology, but it would also become the foundation for the operator's manual for that particular  piece of equipment or technology.  • Conducted on-site User training for employees to help them understand the new changes, and what if anything was different about the truck. Our goal was to leave each consultation and  training session confident the users would know how to responsibility conduct their work and not  create any damage or cause any accidents and or injuries.  • Established and maintained a constant point of contact with the company's management to receive product updates and questions, while also providing the assurance that I was no more than  a phone call or a flight away from taking care if any problems would arise. IT Service Desk Lead, America's Region / Network Administrator Johnson Electric - Vandalia, OH October 2014 to September 2015 Served as IT Service Desk Lead covering 300 US and International end-users. Responsible for IT Project  Management, Active Directory/Group Policy Management, Network Servers, Network Communications, and Network Infrastructure. Provided in-house and remote end-user support for our US, South America,  and Mexico locations. Worked with my International Counterparts to establish best practices and  continually improve the IT Infrastructure and Service Desk environments. Conducted all forms of technician troubleshooting, along with management and support for Active Directory and Group Policy.  • Maintained the Service Desk to ensure company stability and quick response times to achieve  minimal downtime for all users.  • Analyzed help desk activity and made recommendations to increase organizational  efficiency and effectiveness.  • Responsible for daily help desk management and all end-user troubleshooting.  • Hands-on experience establishing and maintaining the IT department knowledgebase.  • Managed and Supported Active Directory and Group Policy for 3 locations; 2 US and 1 Mexico. C4I Systems Team Chief United States Army - El Paso, TX April 2010 to November 2013 st rd  Lead Systems Administrator for all the 1 and 43 Patriot Battalion at Ft. Bliss, TX. Trained and Certified over 200 soldiers for Deployment, ensuring they were ready and met all deployment standards.  Responsible for training crews in tactical electronic intelligence data and engagement operations area of responsibility.  • Responsible for recreating and installing of all UNIX and LINUX Patriot operating systems  which included Patriot database 6.0, 6.5, and 7.0. Trained other soldiers the steps and processes to fully complete this task on their own so when deployed, they would be self-sufficient.  • Evaluated tactical electronic intelligence data for operations in a joint network, and data  connectivity between various networks and communication systems.  • Responsible for over one million dollars' worth of equipment and confidential material with a zero-loss record.  • Direct report for 40 soldiers, in which I trained and certified for all job duties while maintaining a perfect soldier service record. Education Government Security Clearance Sullivan University Business Management University of Northwestern Ohio Edison Community College