Manager, Health Informatics <span class="hl">Manager</span>, Health Informatics Clinical Informaticist Calhan, CO Decisive and versatile senior healthcare manager. Deep understanding and knowledge of every aspect of the healthcare system. All-encompassing knowledge of hospital and physician clinical workflow and processes. Revenue cycle experience with registration, scheduling, professional and hospital billing and revenue workflows. Wide range experience with multiple EHR/Dental systems implementation, training, and go live. Broad understanding of clinical and support staff functions. Extensive working knowledge of healthcare business processes and IT functions. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Manager, Health Informatics Honor Community Health - Pontiac, MI January 2019 to June 2019 1. Implement, oversee and provide support for health information systems to ensure that they meet the organization’s healthcare and enabling service delivery needs as well as legal/regulatory and ethical standards.  2. Provides extensive orientation, training and user development support for clinicians and staff focused on the electronic health record system and population health management tools.   3. Work across teams to establish parameters and approaches for patient information collection and documentation which support effective service workflow and ensure the accuracy and privacy of patient records.   4. Provide access to and expertise on patient information that clinicians and administrators rely on to perform their jobs including supporting reporting, benchmarking and analysis needs across the organization using multiple systems/technologies  5. Support and complete day-to-day operational tasks within the organization’s health information systems including constructing clinician schedules as requested, modifying/adding service codes etc.   6. Provide health information system support to clinicians and staff including troubleshooting/resolving basic system issues and reporting larger/more complex issues to applicable technology vendors and monitoring issue status to communicate resolution and/or workarounds.    7. Configure and maintain health information systems including mapping system data to functionalities, developing and customizing EHR templates and modules, optimizing user preferences, completing system upgrades/updates, and more.    8. Assist in developing, evaluating, implementing and supporting other applications and systems that interact with the EHR or EHR data including the organization’s participation in health information exchange use cases and external interfaces.   9. Continually review newly available health information management and analytical technologies available for healthcare systems and recommend updates and changes as needed. Clinical Informaticist Advantage Health Centers - Detroit, MI January 2018 to January 2019 • Maintain Electronic Health Record in regards to updates and process improvement.  • Maintain Hl7 interface updates for pharmacy and laboratory mappings.  • Implement training plans in collaboration with Clinical and Medical Director.  • Provide elbow to elbow support and training to providers and staff.  • Maintain Master Training Plan for all new hires.  • Coordinate training schedules.  • Optimize the clinical design to meet the needs of all end users.  • Perform analysis of department workflows and process improvements   • Using Azara Healthcare System provide all data driven reporting and analytics for quality and monthly reporting requirements.  • Provide reporting needs for Quality Department, COO and CEO.  • Collect and analyze data for presentation to COO, CEO, and board members.  • Understanding of Federal, State and local regulation as it relates to FQHC. Physician Support Specialist Tenet Healthcare - Southfield, MI July 2016 to December 2017 • Provide elbow to elbow training to physician and staff on Cerner Ambulatory EHR  • Worked with providers on Dynamic Documentation and Power Note, provided job aids to assist end users.  • Supported staff onsite and via remote application.  • Worked with clinical support to understand workflow issues and guide the end user in the correct application use.  • Daily documentation of site visit.  • Travel locally to train and update end users  • Install and provide elbow to elbow support for providers on Dragon Medical 12.  • Provide onsite support for MACRA/MIPS questions.  • Transition paper chart based physicians to athenaEMR.  • Onsite training for athena go-live Phase I  • Work independently with clients and peers to design and build solutions.  • Create documentation of business requirements, and current and future state workflows. HL7 Project Coordinator - HIE Analyst W3R Consulting - Southfield, MI June 2013 to December 2015 Contract position with William Beaumont Health System    • Work with Beaumont Hospital HIE team on hospital lab interface clients  • Manage Project Kick off calls and follow up • Primary contact for business needs and expectations  • Gather requirements from EMR/EHR's for interface reports  • Coordinate all testing phases of associated applications during implementations  • Enable lab interface connectivity with client EMR's and Beaumont Lab.  • Perform support tasks with timeliness and customer satisfaction as key outcomes.  • Support all system to system interface integrations for laboratory services to include Atlas, HIE, and Halfpenny.  • Follow up with providers and their office staff regarding required training and customer satisfaction.  • Work independently with clients and peers to design and build solutions.  • Create documentation of business requirements, and current and future state workflows.  Accurately develop and maintain documentation for duties. EHR/ IT Project Manager Village Podiatry, Extremity Health Care - Atlanta, GA January 2012 to December 2012 • Led implementation of EMR system; obtained $198K from meaningful use attestations  • Created weekly reports for CEO, CFO and providers regarding provider's progress on achieving MU.  • Software upgrades and debugging testing  • Physician and staff training  • Prepare and submit all required documentation to CMS  • Served as the single point of contact for project scheduling and changes.  • Facilitated Provider registration with CMS for incentives and tracked progress/payments MS Excel  • Employee supervision  • Met monthly with key stakeholders to outline project goals met and goals yet to be achieved.  • Developed slide shows and other forms of media to present project progress to the executive team.  • Training of providers on Dragon Medical Speak 10.1  • Instructed live training sessions for providers and clinical staff on achieving Meaningful Use  • Worked with Compliance Officer to insure compliance and corrective action plans  • Maintain all documentation as it related to program  • Maintained and created new training documentation  • Researched and updated all new requirements and provided on-going training  • Identified cost and benefits on new IT equipment inventory  • Maintained IT equipment inventory and distribution.  • Facilitated purchase of Dragon Natural Speak software.  • Maintained licensing and trained providers on Dragon Medical Software Meaningful Use Business Analyst Indian Health Services - Nashville, TN December 2010 to January 2012 Data Network Corporation, Federal Government contractor)  • Responsible for implementation of CMS Meaningful Use Stage 1 criteria for Nashville Area Indian Health Services.  • Coordinating and managing multiple stages of implementation for 22 clinics, 2 hospitals and over 150 eligible providers covering 13 states  • Tracked tribes and eligibility  • Instructed live and web-based training sessions for providers, clinical staff, and hospitals on achieving Meaningful Use  • Gather business requirements from various different states for MU submission  • Helped facilities determine which incentives they should apply for and whether they meet eligibility requirements  • Tracked incentives submissions and incentives received with MS Excel.  • Maintained ongoing communication with state agencies to determine state-specific requirements for health information exchange (HIE) and Medicaid EHR Financial Incentive programs  • Conducted Stage I assessments on site covering Core and Menu Set Objectives  • Worked with tribes in conjunction with HHS to develop strategies to address Medicaid shortfall.  • Communicated state requirements to area and national IHS OIT  • Coordinated with area Clinical Application Coordinator to identify clinical documentation shortfalls  • Facilitated provider sign up with National Indian Health Board Regional Extension Center (NIHB REC)  • Identified CMS and State Medicaid learning opportunities for area tribes  • Facilitated Provider and Hospital Registration with CMS and State Medicaid Site for incentives  • First area with successful tribal hospital CMS/Medicaid Registration and attestation Practice Manager Cookeville Medical Center - Cookeville, TN September 2010 to December 2010 • Responsible for provider training on EHR; work with providers on use of EHR and Meaningful Use guidelines  • Managed and oversaw practice day to day operations, offsite billing office, clinical staff and marketing plans  • PAC's scheduling Operations Manager The Hopper Group - Arlington, TX January 2010 to July 2010 Managed and oversaw psychiatric practice  • Created and maintained monthly reports  • Provided monthly revenue analysis to providers and CPA using MS Excel  • Reduction of outstanding patient A/R by 45% in 90 days  • Trained providers on CPT and ICD9 codes and usage  • Created monthly reports for CPT monitoring and usage  • Tracked providers daily patient no show rate and revenue via MS Excel  • Monthly chart review and audits with psychiatrist and nursing staff  • Creation of charge ticket with current ICD9/CPT codes  • Created monthly reports for CPT monitoring and usage  • Daily checks & balance put into place  • Responsible for training of current and new employees to Centricity PM System  • Implemented Allscripts e-scribe, provided training for providers and medical assistant  • HIPAA training of staff on physical and technical safeguards. Education Bachelor's in Health Care Administration Baker College - Auburn Hills, MI 2000 Skills ELECTRONIC HEALTH RECORDS (10+ years), TRAINING (9 years), DOCUMENTATION (9 years), HL7 (6 years), TESTING (6 years), Medical Billing, Medical Insurance, Medical Coding, DME Assessments Medical Billing — Highly Proficient June 2019 Understanding the procedures and forms used for medical billing. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/rbho6pxphbwdak7g Electronic Medical Records Knowledge — Proficient July 2019 Measures a candidate’s knowledge of EMR data and associated privacy regulations, as well as best practices for EMR use. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/0hppn2s-vivsdzz Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information Skills    • Extensive experience in electronic health records implementation and training  • Dragon Medical 12 training for providers.  • Work with new providers/residents to onboard them to the system  • Provider training.  • End user training  • Chart audits  • MACRA/MIPS understanding  • Use of Remedy force daily  • Workflow processes  • New hire training and presentation  • Testing and debugging processes  • Requirement documentation  • Project coordination and management  • Broad understanding of healthcare IT  • Self-starter, superb time management skills, detailed orientated  • Experienced with software file builds, and troubleshooting  • Meaningful Use Implementations  • PQRS reporting  • HL7 testing  • Full product life-cycle management  • Working knowledge of PC applications  • ICD-9/10  • CPT coding  Provider credentialing