Assistant Project Manager Assistant <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Assistant Project Manager - Azteca Lighting & Electric, INC Elmont, NY Work Experience Assistant Project Manager Azteca Lighting & Electric, INC November 2018 to Present • Develop WBS, estimate and set up comprehensive Scopes schedule, budgets, labor according to the work specifications.  • Participated, send RFIs and contributed to pre-construction meetings with architectures and engineers firms on city projects. IT Project Manager ADVANCEDCOMPUTERS, INC 2017 to 2018 • Managed IT Services, Security Services, Remote Monitoring & Project Security Systems daily.  • Optimize infrastructure within 24/7/365. Building a Project plan. Scope, Manage program cost in schedule of technical  performance. Contribute to team project on status updates on the development of the projects. IT System Specialist DB, Inc 2016 to 2018 Operate, maintain all systems hardware and software updated, perform regular PC maintenance. Technology Specialist The Fire Guys May 2017 to September 2017 • Test and Maintain the Fire Extinguisher in form for safety.  • Plan deliveries for large, cross-functional projects of Fire Extinguishers to local businesses. Career On The Move Technology Strategist DB, Inc June 2016 to June 2017 • Participate, Assist the acquisition Talent Manager on social media database projects  • Strategize, Create and implement systematics strategic planning on product and marketing. Digital Tech Manager & Support Stony Brook University 2016 to 2017 • Input and manage backlog, insertions, status updates daily on Food Management System  • Train members collaboration, organization and coordination. Solutions & Services Representative LaGuardia Airport (ABP) 2010 to 2016 • Plan and strategize a marketing projects plan to reach costumers.  • Operate; Interact; Communicate with our customers on our products, Implement Hospitality, Emphasis a management system  to keep our business expanding. Evaluates specific component to match the optimal requirements for productions of services. Technology Intern maWebCenters (Market America) May 2015 to August 2015 • Analyze our Business products to be shown and to be considered by our clients.  • Use systems in the commitment to support, manage projects on sales and business growth. Education B.S. in Technological Systems Management in Electrical Engineering Stony Brook University - Stony Brook, NY Skills PC Windows, Mac OS • C++ • Microsoft Project • Smart Sheets • PowerPoint • Excel • Google Docs • Organization and Techniques •Flash quality • Project Planning • Customer Service • Time Management • Project Management • Team Motivator • SQL • Network • Leadership • QuickBooks • Device physics • Designing • Estimator • Adobe Creative Suite • Graphic design (5 years)