( IT Tech Lead / Delivery Manager Consultant), Va (<span class="hl">IT</span> Tech Lead / Delivery <span class="hl">Manager</span> Consultant), Va Senior Agile, Technical and Business Project Manager West Palm Beach, FL Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience ( IT Tech Lead / Delivery Manager Consultant), Va Anthem Companies - Beach, VA, US December 2018 to June 2019 • IT Technical Lead for Member Communications Database Workstream for ESI to CVS transition  • Delivery Manager for the Clinical and Claims Workstreams for new PBM transition  • Managed vendor data mapping and file transfer projects to align with transition from former PBM  • Involved in daily scrum and sprint status using Jira and project planning using Microsoft Project Server  • Led development teams to meet all 5/1/2019 deliverables for the major nationwide Go Live PMP Certification Instructor BARTH CONSULTING - West Palm Beach, FL July 2015 to December 2018 Consulting Project Manager / Agile Set Up Coach / Scrum Master - eCommerce  • Temporary liaison between the client, three offshore vendors (Russia, India, Canada) and internal development team to coach the team's approach to Agile with JIRA, and create a cohesive team environment.  • Project involved eCommerce, new and existing UI / UX wireframes, designs, search functionality, user stories and iterative approach for development and integration with Oracle ATG platform.  • Introduced executive and online dashboard reporting using JIRA / SQL    ILM / MAAA, Edina, MN  Consulting Project Manager / Agile Set Up Coach / Scrum Master  • Part time, Independent Consultant hired to be a visible liaison between the client and development team and to coach the team's approach to Agile, using VSTS.  • Acting Scrum Master - designed user stories for a medical website (learning and scheduling), to be used by state governments for evidence based medical reporting by agencies (Metropolitan Area Agency on Aging - non profit).  • Assisted lead architect with requirements gathering and organization of MVP presentation to client.    CLS, Lexington, KY  Consulting Project Manager / Agile Set Up Coach / Scrum Master - Travel  • Hired for relationship building between client and company during shift from external consultant PM to internal employee for online travel booking company.  • Coached development team's approach to Agile and documenting repositories using VSTS / TFS  • Assisted MS Dynamics 365 expert with knowledge share and set up team training modules.  • Created estimates and stories for development of in-house travel software and integration with MS Dynamics 365, including regulatory and compliance standards.  • Put into place team and Executive level status reporting.  • Acted as role of JAD facilitator for billing and financial project related modules.    INCENTER, St. Paul, MN  Interim Program Manager, PPM  • Program Manager for a facilities build-out of a temporary expansion in Manila, Philippines, including hardware moves. Responsible for coordination with the main vendor KMC and all other third parties.  • Established startup organization's Project Portfolio and PMO foundation / structure.  • Assisted in writing job descriptions, screening and interviewing of business analyst and project management candidates.  • Set up Sharepoint and Blueworks for company and business unit communication and documented gathering.  • Created an IT Executive Steering Committee for project portfolio review and prioritization.  • Coached external business units on Agile methodology and best practices.    LOGIC PD, Minneapolis, MN  Principal Project Manager / Agile Coach, Engineering, IoT, SaaS, Azure  • Hired on for external customer relationship building and internal engineering / Cloud resources on company's SaaS Platform built for medical device manufacturing and integration.  • Worked with external vendors such as Multi Tech and Amphiro to interpret and coordinate technical component knowledge and design within teams for a Phase 0 / Proof of Concept water conservation project, as well as a medical device project (final stages), including use of 3D printers for client product creation and presentation.  • Formed roles and governance for the Azure IoT Cloud team, and established the Agile framework for managing all team resources, including the use of Visual Studio / TFS / JIRA for sprint planning and backlog grooming, Open Air for time and budget tracking, and MS Project for project planning.  • Acting Scrum Master - led daily stand up meetings and worked closely with the Product Owner on backlog grooming and sprint planning for HyperSaaS Platform.  • Set up and implemented status reporting for the agile development team, the engineering project teams, and executive level reporting; use of SQL for reporting Sr. Agile Project Manager TRAVELLIANCE - Minnetonka, MN January 2015 to June 2015 • Managed internal projects related to invoicing for airline and railroad lodging, as well as migration of current clients from legacy systems to the internal reservation and billing platform.  • Worked with outside vendors to ensure regulatory and compliance standards are met.  • Managed vendor projects involving Laserfiche Document Repository implementation for streamlining, cost reduction and process improvement of billing practices.  • Involved in PMO strategy planning including introduction to Agile and sprint planning, SharePoint set up, TFS for task planning, implementation of MS Project, spearheaded team and Executive Status Reporting and other project management best practices. Sr. Implementation Consultant WELLS FARGO - Minneapolis, MN June 2014 to November 2014 • Managed kick off and organization of a task force initiative for enhancements to current content management platform.  • Consulted on and participated in a newly created process improvement task force team for project management process, workflow, roles and best practices. Sr. Project/Program Manager Consultant HUMANA HEALTHCARE - Louisville, KY January 2014 to April 2014 • Managed planning phases for Pharmacy and Primary Care Physician Finder search functionality enhancements for ACA and eBilling for website and mobile applications (including responsive design).  • Oversaw solution design sessions (JAD), working closely with product owners, business relationship owners and team leads for the UX, Scrum, front and back end developers, QA, metrics, and accessibility teams for agile sprint release planning.  • Utilized AtTask (Workfront) for project planning for multiple programs for task, time and budget tracking, and project status reporting to executive teams. Technical Project Manager Consultant OLSON MARKETING - Minneapolis, MN October 2013 to December 2013 • Managed discovery phases for the overhaul of mobile applications, websites and loyalty programs for two national restaurant chains (PF Chang's and Pei Wei).  • Created detailed project plans and held daily Scrum sessions for MDB project development for program.  • Actively involved in vendor discussions with NCR in regard to the design of the Aloha POS integration into already existing and newly created systems and databases.  • Involved in review of client's current CMS tool and online ordering data enhancement recommendations.  • Oversaw use case review, test data loading and integrity, and quality control report design. Technical Project Manager ENTERO CONSULTING - Edina, MN June 2012 to September 2013 Bioscrip  • Managed the implementation of Infor / Lawson Corporate Performance Management (CPM) software for corporate budgeting, forecasting and reporting.  • Responsible for requirements review and overseeing of vendor team for software enhancements.  • Responsible for management of vendor hosting team for servers and user setup.  • Responsible for development of business project management processes and set up of SharePoint for project coordination.  Chamilia, LLC  • Managed enhancements and releases of B2B eCommerce website working with onshore and offshore (UK and AU) development teams. Enhancements included but not limited to account summary, credit card invoicing, sales team online ordering and online marketing capabilities.  • Responsible for requirements review and turnover of enhancements to development team.  • Responsible for various aspects of process improvement, streamlining process documentation, use of SharePoint for project coordination, gap analysis for project communication for roles, status reporting, and implementation of phase gate methodology for Project Management. Project Manager - DR & Compliance BLUESTEM BRANDS - Eden Prairie, MN September 2011 to April 2012 • Managed all aspects of audits to include SOX, ITGC, PCI, AUP, Risk Assessment and bank audits working with internal and external auditors.  • Managed Disaster Recovery and Business Continuity Planning.  • Managed an Active Directory project, upgrading from Windows 2003 to 2008.  • Assisted with Archer eGRC implementation to include documentation gathering and software set up. Technical & Compliance Project Manager PATTERSON COMPANIES - Saint Paul, MN October 2009 to August 2010 • PM responsible for various projects for a Medical, Dental and Veterinary company.  • Project managed eCommerce and Administrative back end functionality for a Medical sales web site using agile development methodology.  • Managed an ADP eTIME payroll installation, working closely with the vendor management team.  • PM for commissions projects utilizing Microstrategy, ETL and report changes for Dental Sales Representatives.  • Experienced in compliance and regulatory projects including 510K clearance, ISO, PCI and HIPAA. Technical Project Manager & Business Analyst NORTHWEST AIRLINES / DELTA - Eagan, MN March 2008 to November 2008 • Oversaw the creation of detailed requirements for BI and Enterprise Data Warehouse design, converging data from over twenty airline and custom systems, interfacing with project sponsors and users from multiple business units, and incorporating requirements for merger with Delta Airlines.  • Managed proof-of-concept design and testing for current batch processing systems to write a high level design proposal for receiving and processing airline information from external systems in real time. Education B.S. in Computer Science / Mathematics The University of Akron - Akron, OH Skills Estimating, budget, Outlook, maintenance, Scheduling, Microsoft Project Certifications/Licenses PMP