Customer and Product Discovery Coach Customer and Product Discovery Coach Transformational Change Project Manager Alexandria, VA Ms. Poe Moody is a Certified Project Management Professional (PMP) with over 13 years of experience leading various organizational efforts to include, Information Technology ( IT) system requirements gathering and implementation, transformational change, strategic planning, and business process improvement initiatives across private, non-profit and governmental sectors; most recently, supporting the Office of the Chief Executive within the Social Security Administration. Ms. Poe Moody has led teams in successfully delivering comprehensive solutions to complex client challenges - resulting in greater strategic alignment, stakeholder engagement and organizational efficiency. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Customer and Product Discovery Coach The Clearing - Washington, DC 2017 to 2019 Washington, DC - 2017 - 2019  Project: Social Security Administration (SSA), Office of the Chief Information Officer (OCIO)  Role: Customer and Product Discovery Coach  * Led multiple cross-functional Product teams through a defined, Agile-based Customer and Product Discovery process designed to quickly and efficiently glean outputs required to develop a minimum viable product.    * Facilitated fast-paced sessions which led participants through the customer journey, identifying pain points, key desired features and capabilities, and dependencies.    * Delivered prioritized backlog to allow Agile teams to begin development and implementation of major customer-facing systems which support the facilitation of social security benefits for the American public.    Project: National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA), Office - Chief Information Officer (OCIO)  Role: Project Contributor, Strategic Planning SME  * Provided strategic planning and change management support to IT Portfolio Management and Budget Formulation and Execution within the Capital Planning and Governance Division. Efforts resulted in greater strategic alignment and stakeholder buy-in for unit activities that require engagement and collaboration among stakeholders across the Agency.    * Contributed to the development of a Capital Planning and Investment Control (CPIC) process to support increased transparency and enhanced stewardship of IT spending within NASA.    Project: Joint Improvised-Threat Defeat Organization (JIDO)  Role: Project Contributor, Co-facilitator  * Contributed to the development and facilitation of a strategic alignment session with senior leaders to clarify JIDO vision, value proposition and strategic outcomes.    * Delivered communications plan of action and milestones document outlining strategies to achieve goals and objectives in the area of brand (who JIDO is), market position (who JIDO is for others) and service delivery (how JIDO delivers it's value). Project Manager ( IT Enterprise Systems Implementations) Pew Charitable Trust - Washington, DC 2016 to 2017 Led multiple cross-functional, cross-departmental working groups to implement several high-visibility, high-impact IT enterprise solutions. Managed a full range of implementation activities to include: requirements gathering, process design, policy documentation, change communications and IT development, testing and deployment.    * Developed and established a Program Management Office (PMO) and governance structure to oversee and manage the development and implementation of all enterprise IT projects. Resulting process included mechanisms for the capture of new requirements, the quantitative evaluation and prioritization of projects, and the standardized submission of business cases and defined performance measures. Associate Booz Allen Hamilton - Herndon, VA 2011 to 2016 Project: Defense Threat Reduction Agency (DTRA) - J6 Information Technology  Role: Project Contributor, Strategic Planning SME  * Facilitated the development of a strategic plan for J6 Information Technology, ensuring alignment with DTRA Strategic plan and higher order guidance and mandates.    * Collaborated with J6 Division Chiefs to develop and gain buy-in for a plan of action and milestones (POAM) and performance measures and metrics to be implemented across the directorate.    * Provided change management and communications support to an enterprise-wide knowledge management awareness campaign. This campaign resulted in the adoption of shared responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of data collected across DTRA, to support rapid and informed decision-making.    Project: Defense Logistics Agency (DLA) - J347 Research and Development (R&D) Process Implementation and Improvement Project  Role: Project Lead  * Managed R&D's Knowledge Management, Business Process Reengineering and Improvement, Strategic Communications, and Organizational Change initiatives. Responsible for the day-to-day management of client relationships, team project planning and tasking, and maintaining high quality product delivery. Developed briefings and messaging for presentation by senior DLA leaders, and led a team of consultants in recommending solutions to complex DLA strategic challenges.    * Led implementation (and maintenance) of the R&D Knowledge Management Portal (KM Portal), a SharePoint-based, online repository/collaboration and tracking tool for financial and program management records and information. This functionality increased process efficiency and improved key financial indicators, e.g., obligation and disbursement rates and contract action lead times; through workflow automation, custom views, calculations and user notifications.    * Led development and implementation of numerous process improvements and standardization efforts in the areas of financial management, program/ project management, knowledge management, and governance. In compliance with a DLA-wide Audit Readiness mandate, the team developed thirteen standard operating procedures (SOPs) across the Financial Management Lifecycle from appropriation of funds through to contract close out.    * Led a team in conducting a comprehensive Organizational Assessment and Environmental Scan, and performed a Gap Analysis that delineated organizational challenges and opportunities for improvement. As a result of this work, R&D's first Instruction and Manual (DLA-I and DLA-M) was drafted. Additional outcomes of this effort were the development of fully implemented organizational goals and a Strategic Communications plan. Education Master of Business Administration in Consulting University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill - Chapel Hill, NC 2009 Bachelor of Arts in Advertising and Graphic Arts University of Maryland at College Park - College Park, MD 1999 Skills Sharepoint Designer (3 years), Microsoft Office (10+ years) Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) Change Management Professional Present Knowledge Management Professional Present