Sr. IT Project Manager Sr. <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Sr. IT Project Manager - Sonlife business consulting, Inc Union City, CA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr. IT Project Manager Sonlife business consulting, Inc - Gilroy, CA March 2018 to Present Manage project scope and change control and escalate issues  ? Defined project deliverables and monitored status of tasks  ? Drafted action plans and led meetings to review project status and proposed changes  ? Delivered status reports to stakeholders Sr. IT Project Manager Contract Kaiser Permanente - Pleasanton, CA October 2017 to January 2018 Working for a health care company in its IT resiliency environment  ? Working with IT resiliency team, business application owners to complete application impact analysis for audit purpose. IT Project Manager Contract Impax laboratories - Hayward, CA April 2016 to October 2017 Working for a Pharmaceutical company in its infrastructure environment  ? Leading multiple concurrent projects including Serialization, Lab Information Management System (LIMS), Lab systems backup & restore, Taiwan datacenter remediation, SharePoint online migration, Laptop Encryption, and Trackwise upgrade, GXP and none GXP systems, completed projects under budget and ahead of schedule, data migration for company acquisition.  ? Working with business team, quality control and vendors IT Project Manager Contract Kaiser Permanente - Pleasanton, CA April 2015 to March 2016 Working for a health care company in its disaster recovery environment  ? Leading multiple concurrent projects including EMC VMAX SRDF and VMware SRM integration, IBM Tivoli Workload scheduler DR deployment, completed projects under budget and ahead of schedule  ? Working with DR engagement team to discover, plan, and schedule DR applications  ? Working with DR prebuild team to build DR infrastructure Business / IT Project Manager TianLong Health Corp - San Francisco, CA March 2013 to December 2014 Worked for a global importing and exporting company  ? Led multiple concurrent projects in a fast paced environment with full lifecycle responsibility from scoping, budgeting, resourcing, planning, developing, reporting, issue resolution and delivery.  ? Managed to tight timelines with continuous communication and reporting to management, steering committee and across functional project teams. Responsible for managing change requests.  ? Delivered to project requirements with focus on quality, timeliness and budget, while adhering to compliance and reporting standards and managing efficient approvals through project gates.  ? Ensured the company is on track to meet its financial goals.  ? Managed vendor relationships IT Project Manager / Sr. Systems Administrator Fremont Bank - Fremont, CA June 2011 to October 2012 Working for a major financial services firm in a VMware, window servers and NetApp storage environment.  ? Managed variety of projects including storage upgrade, backup and disaster recovery, virtualization, window server domain migration  ? Working closely with senior management, and product owners to define projects stakeholder roles, responsibilities, and staffing. Also responsible for financial forecasts and variance calculations.  ? Managed Vendor relationships and monitored their financial condition  ? Worked with offshore and remote development teams, build off shore helpdesk  ? Created new processes for change control, set up standards, procedures, monitored overall IT performance and budgets  ? Coordinated priorities between the IT department and user department  ? Allocated IT resources including personnel, equipment, and service levels  ? Administrated NetApp FAS 3160 & 6280 for centralized storage  ? Built and maintained VMware environment Sr. Systems Administrator Molecular Devices - Sunnyvale, CA April 2009 to June 2011 Worked for a global bio life science company in a multi forest multi domain environment.  ? Managed IT global IT sites in North America, APEC, and EMEA, made sure 24 x 7 coverage  ? Managed, Architected and designed Windows 2008 Active Directory migration for company acquisition and for centralized administration and global consolidation project  ? Administrated NetApp FAS 3020 & 3140 for centralized storage  ? Built and maintained VMware environment Education MBA in International University of Phoenix Bachelor of Science in Marketing Arizona State University - Tempe, AZ Skills SYSTEM ADMINISTRATION, VMWARE, VIRTUALIZATION, DISASTER RECOVERY, DATA MIGRATION, VENDOR MANAGEMENT, OPERATIONS