Project Lead Software Asset Management <span class="hl">Project</span> Lead Software Asset Management Project Lead Software Asset Management Pierre, SD Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Lead Software Asset Management Kaiser Permanente - Denver, CO January 2016 to March 2018 Lead team in software license discovery, allocation, forecast, and budgeting in call center environment.    ? Perform internal asset audits using reports from managed service provider and 3rd party vendors  ? Create 1 and 5 year software asset management process improvement roadmap  ? Work with business units to forecast and budget for organic growth and new projects  ? Define deliverables and delegate responsibilities to ensure that program goals are met  ? Assist in creating presentation deck for governance meetings and present the software asset management portion  ? Implemented a license harvest and re-allocation process saving over $1m in maintenance and management fees  ? Work with managed service provider to create SLAs and collaborated with Legal on the Master Service Agreement to ensure software license management functions were included and specified Lead Software Asset Manager CenturyLink - Denver, CO April 2014 to July 2015 Assist in vendor management, contract negotiation, and license compliance.    ? Perform internal asset audits using HP Asset Manager, SCCM, and DDMI as discovery and CMDB tools  ? Lead on Microsoft SPLA licensing and cloud migration and maintaining software license compliance  ? Review and research entitlements and user rights  ? Analyze entitlements using usage statistics, installation base, and purchase patterns to predict future needs and costs  ? Collaborate with IT administrators to create and verify an accurate picture of current assets  ? Work with acquisitions to transition assets into central database and implement asset management processes IT Asset and License Compliance Administrator IT Asset - Golden, CO 2011 to 2014 Brought in to design and implement a software asset management program to ensure legal compliance and increase cost efficiency. Responsible for lab-wide software asset management process and strategy. Have ownership for planning and management of 6.5 million dollar budget for enterprise-wide infrastructure hardware and software purchases and maintenance.    ? Meet with Client User Groups to define needs and identify and rectify issues in the procurement and SAM process  ? Make recommendations and purchases based on the needs of the clients.  ? Work with publishers, vendors, and resellers to craft and implement Volume and Enterprise Agreements  ? Fostered and facilitated collaboration between national labs to leverage buying power and share IT asset management strategies to increase efficiencies and accuracy of IT asset management programs  ? Managed volume licenses and volume license renewals for clients  ? Saved over $150,000.00 in license and maintenance costs planning and implementing enterprise agreements in fiscal year 2013  ? Planned, coordinated, and executed 2 enterprise agreements with software publisher that brought in software and training valued at $400,000.00 for $90,000.00  ? Deployed LANDesk software asset management and Data Analytics as part of project to use a single software deployment tool and enable accurate measuring and monitoring of installed software  ? Managed $6.5m annual budget for enterprise-wide software and hardware support and maintenance contracts  ? Evaluate utilization and efficacy of employed tools and forecast future fiscal year growth and related spending  ? Collaborated with publishers and in-house legal council to review, modify, track, and approve end user license agreements Senior Software Analyst Technisource 2009 to 2011 contract position) Senior IT Asset Analyst Cargill, Inc 2008 to 2009 contract position) IT Asset Analyst Cargill, Inc January 2008 to December 2008 contract position) Education Bachelor's Augustana College - Rock Island, IL Skills DATA ANALYTICS (3 years), LANDESK (3 years), ACTIVE DIRECTORY (Less than 1 year), ALTIRIS (Less than 1 year), AUDIT (Less than 1 year) Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/mkerns1026 Certifications/Licenses CSAM Certified Software Asset Manager. Training and testing provided by IAITAM. Additional Information Technical Skills    Software: Windows and MacIntosh Desktop and Server Operating Systems, Active Directory, LANDesk, LANDesk Data Analytics, E-Z Audit, BMC Remedy Helpdesk, Trizetto Facets, Sybase EDI Server, Altiris scanning tools, Microsoft Office productivity suite, and Track- It    Hardware: HP, Dell, Sony, IBM laptops and desktops; HP printers, Linksys routers    Project Management Tools: Microsoft Project, Oracle EPP