FEMA Program Deliver Manager Task Force Lead/Mentor FEMA Program Deliver <span class="hl">Manager</span> Task Force Lead/Mentor Work Experience FEMA Program Deliver Manager Task Force Lead/Mentor Oneida Business Enterprise/Fluor, DR4337FL Hurricane Irma November 2017 to Present Manage, mentor, and train a team of 4 -7 PDMGs. Serve as a conduit between the Deputy Infrastructure Branch Director  (DIBD), Public Assistance Group Supervisor (PAGS) and the Program Delivery Managers (PDMGs) to communicate the Joint Field Office (JFO) operational priorities to PDMGs who are assigned to applicants affected by Hurricane Irma, DR-  4337.  ? Communicate to DIBD and PAGS the status of assigned PDMGs daily activities, programmatic issues, and accomplishments.  ? Assist PDMGs in providing tailored customer service and programmatic guidance to applicants using FEMA's  new Public Assistance (PA) Program Delivery model, to strengthen FEMAs commitment to enhance customer  service and consistent grant development.  ? Review documentation for accuracy and quality assurance, ensuring reimbursement packets are closeout ready  and in compliance according to FEMA's 2 CFR guidance.  ? Prepare assigned PDMGs for success during the implementation of the new Program Delivery model, by providing the latest PA policy/procedures, mentoring/coaching, and managing/tracking PDMGs workloads,  through sit-withs, daily huddles and Day in the Life of (DILO)/Week in the Life of (WILO) organizational tools.  ? Ensure all PDMGs workloads are equal and balanced, based on her/his educational training, knowledge, skills, abilities and experience.  ? Ensure each PDMG is following proper policy/procedures and protocol to meet operational objectives, while providing exceptional customer service to her or his assigned Applicants.  ? Assist PDMGs with facilitating and coordinating Exploratory Calls (EC), Recovery Scoping Meetings (RSMs), Recovery Transition Meetings (RTMs) and weekly face to face meetings with applicants, to meet project/program  objectives and deadlines.  ? Assist PDMGs with identifying provisional eligibility or special considerations concerns such as, Determination  Memos, Environmental and Historical Preservation (EHP) and 406 Hazard Mitigation, which could delay grant  development.  ? Assist PDMGs and applicants with developing a Damage Inventory (DI) to identify Emergency Work and Permanent Work damages caused by Hurricane Irma.  ? Assist PDMGs with determining applicant's recovery priorities to develop a realistic Program Delivery Plan for each applicant.  ? Assist PDMGs with creating, executing and reviewing work orders and site inspections (SIs).  ? Track PDMGs progress to ensure accuracy of Damage, Description and Dimensions (DDDs) for Standard and Specialized projects and successful completion of all Essential Elements of Information (EEIs) for  Completed/Fully Documented projects.  ? Review communication, correspondence and appointments that PDMGs have scheduled with applicant is properly  entered in the Grants Manager software.  ? Provide resources to PDMGs to assist and/or train applicants on how to effectively utilize the Grants Portal  throughout the grant process.  ? Write reports assessing project reviews and provide follow-up recommendations. Also, create process checklists  for the team to use to complete various process steps.  ? Plan and track PDMG's workload to ensure balance, overtime, and rotation requests.    Additional Roles: 03/2019 - Present  ? CRC Facilitator: Collect and organize the TFLs and Branch Leadership concerns about various projects and CRC processes to be addressed during weekly calls with the CRC Leadership, Specialists, and departments to  move projects forward and improve communications.  ? Special Projects Team Lead: Managed and mentored cross-functional team of 8 PDMGs to work on complex  projects sent back from the CRC and JFO/final FEMA review or identified for congressional reviews. Also, assisted various teams with reviewing their projects before they were resubmitted to the CRC or final FEMA  review. Managed and tracked projects the team worked on and reported statuses to Leadership. CEO & Owner Enterprise, LLC - Conyers, GA January 2015 to Present Manage virtual customer and technical services to businesses and private clients. Also, provide onsite support when required. Our clients can customize our services based on their specific requirements. Onsite support is provided for  critical hardware issues and events.  ? Administrative: Review and select job opportunities. Research and hire potential employees and create partnerships.  Create SOP and company policies for employees. Provide training for employees and conduct performance reviews.  Manage projects associated with each client opportunity to ensure appropriate resources are available.  ? Customer Support: Provide data entry for customer's accounts, database management, office administration and active listening to resolve a customer's issue. Evaluate each situation and analyze the data to ensure the appropriate  escalation or resolution.  ? Graphic Designs: Desktop Publishing: letterhead, business cards, logos, brochures, banners, flyers, menus, signs, invitations, slideshow presentations, templates and forms  ? Mobile Notary Public & Signing Agent: Provide mobile notary that provides services to legalize documents for customers in Georgia. Also, act as a signing agent for title and mortgage companies in loan closings.  ? Project Management: Manage projects for clients that require accounting, event planning, technical setup of telephone system, file share, CRM setup, social media account management, technical support and website  design/maintenance. Meet with key stakeholders to ensure their requirements are understood, receive buy-in for implementations. Provide webinar platform for team meetings and training.  ? Technical Support: Provide support to troubleshoot various computer issues ranging from email, viruses, audio, internet connectivity, hard drive functionality, network configuration, social media accounts and websites. Research  and test technical solutions.  ? Training: Provide software training for various programs such as email, Microsoft Office Suite, Adobe, internet  browsers and website maintenance. Provide hardware training for computers, tablets, printers, cameras, network  setup, and social media accounts.  ? Websites: Design and maintain websites for clients. FEMA Program Deliver Manager Oneida Business Enterprise/Fluor, DR4337FL Hurricane Irma November 2017 to November 2018 Managed projects for 7 Applicants and completed 4 RTMS. Managed meetings with Applicants and various FEMA  departments and FEMA.  ? Coordinated with assigned Applicants affected by Hurricane Irma, DR4337FL, Branch IV (Fort Myers, FL).  ? Created and formulated projects in Grants Manager  ? Scheduled site inspections and meetings with EHP and 406 Mitigation as well as other FEMA departments.  ? Assisted Applicants with organizing their supporting documentation for their respective projects  ? Reviewed all documentation for accuracy and quality assurance, ensuring reimbursement packets were ready for CRC or Final FEMA ready.  ? Wrote project narratives, documented calls, meetings, and project updates within Grants Manager  ? Orally and verbally communicated with Applicants, Leadership, and other departments via Outlook  ? Reviewed the latest PA policy/procedures and managed workload as well as procurement requirements  ? Conducted weekly/bi-weekly meeting with Applicants to obtain and review documentation for projects  ? Provided Applicants overviews for their projects  ? Attended TFL huddles and completed DILO/WILO  ? Trained Applicants on using Grants Portal; uploading their damage inventory and supporting documentation, signing their DDD and reviewing/signing projects Freelancer Turner Broadcasting System Sports - Atlanta, GA May 2017 to September 2017 Collaborated with Sports IT departments to document their processes for their various software programs and workflows.  ? Interviewed team members to capture their workflow processes  ? Reviewed software programs and systems to test workflow process  ? Captured screenshots for images used in the documentation and training  ? Reviewed existing process documentation  ? Created overviews and SOPs for processes to be used by internal TBS Sports IT employees and external  ? Reviewed overviews and SOPs with teams to ensure accuracy and to make any required revisions  ? Provided training to staff on the programs and systems updates  ? Established document tracking and management system for all SOPs.  ? Briefed director about the documentation and provided my assessment to improve the workflow process and team  communications Technical Support Specialist Lead teleNetwork - San Marcos, TX October 2015 to May 2017 Provided remote customer service and technical support to business and residential customers via phone, email and chat  ? Customer Service: Represent our clients in a positive, professional, and ethical manner while working to exceed  customer and company expectations. Identify customer needs in conversation to match needs with available products  and diplomatically handle interactions with potential customers for additional services. Interact with customers to provide, process, and prioritize information in response to inquiries, concerns, and requests about products and  services. Obtain customer's information and maintain appropriate security measures for information.  ? Management: Work with techs one-on-one to ensure they are troubleshooting the client's issues accordingly. Advise  them on other options to resolve an issue. Ensure appropriate documentation is provided and approve escalation to field techs. Provide training to the tech and feedback on their performance to the Team Lead.  ? Follow provided processes and procedures.  ? Technical Support: Diagnose and resolve technical hardware and software issues involving general internet  connectivity troubleshooting for Windows and MAC devices, application-based email support for pop, imap and webmail accounts, network configuration for Wi-Fi and wired connections as well as antivirus/firewall  configurations in a timely manner and research required information using available resources.  ? Identify and escalate priority issues per client specifications.  ? Accurately process and record call transactions using the designated tracking software.  ? Stay current with system information, changes, and updates.  ? Manage time effectively to obtain performance criteria objectives. IT Project Manager Encompass Digital Media - Atlanta, GA April 2015 to July 2015 Provided multi-layer support to IT team and EDM staff. Monitor Track- IT ticketing system to ensure all work orders are  assigned and pull reports. Created monthly operations review report that covers service outages, achievements, planned  activities, op/cap ex budget and changes. Provided training for IT team and EDM staff on various process and documentation. Provided direct support for 20 team members and 20 internal senior management customers  ? Change management: Documented and maintain processes for change and projects related to servers, software and primary programs. Verified all change requests were entered in the Track- IT ticketing system, all required  documentation is attached, and all approvals are in place. Conducted change management meetings to discuss all  changes. Created SOPs to capture the processes for the team to use. Used MS Visio to create process flows, MS Excel to track change status and SharePoint to share data with the team.  ? Office 365: Performed Office 365 on-boarding for the entire MS Office suite. Troubleshoot various issues with programs. Used Lync for communicating with team members and meetings/trainings.  ? Project Management: Assist with planning, executing and managing project plans and documentation for Project  Bluebird, Windows Server 2003 End of Support, CISCO VoIP upgrade and Atlanta Disaster Recovery projects. MS  Project, MS Excel, and SharePoint were used for documentation of all tasks related to the projects.  ? SharePoint: Created and modified pages for the external IT site with self-service items and updates for non- IT EDM  staff. Also, created the Program Management Office page for IT staff to use for planning projects and changes.  ? Technical Writer: Created and revised documentation for training and continuity. Designed diagrams and documents  using Visio and MS PowerPoint. Production Support Lead Turner Broadcasting System, Inc - Atlanta, GA July 2013 to January 2015 Provided remote and/or on-site user support for office/newsroom computer infrastructure systems and desktop PCs  including installation, problem correction, removal/replacement, or other tasks as necessary to ensure continuation of customer work productivity and/or on-air transmission for over 14,000 employees and contractors domestic and  international.  ? Admin Tools: Created and maintained user accounts, OUs, security groups, shared mailboxes, distribution lists, and workstations using DRA. Trained team members on DRA. Utilized Exchange Management Console and Office 365  Admin Portal for advanced account maintenance. Used PowerShell to update user accounts. Managed DHCP IP  addresses via QIP. Performed Office 365 onboarding for the entire office suite. Assisted employees with SMTP and POP settings for mobile devices.  ? Change management: Documented changes for processes and various hardware/software. All work was documented  in Remedy and stored on respective file shares.  ? Information Security: Deployed patches and remediation for laptops, mobile devices, and workstations. Managed  hard and soft tokens using the RSA Security Console. Trained employees on the use of the VPN client ework/Junos  pulse.  ? Management: Maintained vacation requests and unscheduled leave. Ensured the technicians adhered to IT best  practices and delivered quality support and service to Turner customers. Process terminations for employees. Perform  preflight migrations for new email accounts to the cloud. Managed and monitored team member's calls using Avaya.  Mentored and trained team members.  ? Project Management: Coordinated and managed international distribution list project; deployed Windows 7 OS  upgrades; lifecycle workstations; Office 365: deployed Office 365 to customers and troubleshoot various issues. Used  Lync for communicating with team members and meeting/training sessions. Inflobox training replaced QIP DHCP  management tool. Worked with security teams to modify and maintain lost and stolen devices.  ? Service Desk Transition: Trained incoming team on current processes, software, and support groups. Created and reviewed documentation for all processes. Verified new SOS pages and created training scenarios. Created and  submitted requests for their account access. Meet weekly to ensure a seamless transition. Education Master of Science in Health Science Touro University International April 2009 Bachelor of Science in Information Technology Management Touro University International December 2007 Associate in Applied Technology/Computer Information Systems DeKalb Technical College January 1996 to December 1999 Skills Technical writer (6 years), Mentoring (10+ years), Change management (8 years), Information security (10+ years), Customer service (10+ years), Logistics (8 years), Team building (10+ years), Project Management (8 years), Emergency Management (4 years) Additional Information CORE COMPETENCIES   Change Management Information Security Public Speaking/Briefings  Customer Service Leadership & Decision Making Research & Analysis  Emergency Management Logistics Planning Team Building & Mentoring  IT Management Project Management Technical Writer