Delivery Driver Delivery Driver Delivery Driver - Amazon Flex San Antonio, TX Work Experience Delivery Driver Amazon Flex - San Antonio, TX 2017 to Present Performed on-time deliveries by choosing the best and most efficient route. Verified each delivery against shipping instruction before delivering. Interpreted maps and followed written and verbal direction. Collect delivery instruction from appropriate sources, verifying instruction and routes. Diagnosed hardware and software failures and resolved technical issues.  • Accomplished on-time 100 percent of delivery rate.  • Meet reliability rate of 100 percent.  • Succeeded in delivery of packages that was picked up. Information Technology ( IT) Electronic Technician, (Government Contract) X Technologies - San Antonio, TX 2014 to 2014 Performed corrective maintenance on Personal computers hardware and peripherals devices. Completed all Troubleshooting hardware and network connectivity issues. Installed and repair computers window systems. Conducted standardized applications and networking software. Diagnose and solve problems that develop in their operations.  • Accomplished 100 percent of the corrective maintenance on schedule.  • Followed 100 percent of the safety procedures.  • Troubleshoot and repaired electronic schematics on approved Security Computer System Project Manager United States Navy, Multiple Locations 2010 to 2012 Supervised 10 project team members by monitoring security alerts, reports, and logged data. Managed test communications systems and performed quality control analysis. Coordinated multiple project timelines to ensure reliability and maintainability. Manage test communications systems, analyzed, tested and evaluated network systems and perform quality control analysis.  • Team achieved a score of 100% on the Computer System Administration qualifications for the US Navy.  • Completed the implementation of the replacement and Security Computer System 30% ahead of schedule.  • Met and exceeded project goals and deadlines ahead of schedule 100% of the time.  • Developed divisional safety program. Created and implemented first official Security Standards and Procedures which resulted in zero incidents for five consecutive years. Correction Supervisor United States Navy, Multiple Locations 2004 to 2007 Supervised 100+ Navy personnel and correctional officers. Performed specialized correctional duties at naval places of confinement, including responsibility for security, control, supervision, support, health and care of prisoners/awardees. Designed work detailed project plans and schedules.  • Performed and organized weekly training for 15 watch team members.  • Counseled members in the correctional duties of the Correctional Center.  • Implemented a rehabilitation short term program for 50 prisoners. With a 95 percent return to work satisfactorily grade. Information Technician ( IT) Electronic Technician Supervisor United States Navy, Multiple Locations 2002 to 2004 Project Team Leader of the Navy Security Computer System department. Coordinated a complete system change of the Security Computer System. Performed fault isolation, and repair of equipment utilizing system diagnostic software. Managed preventive and corrective maintenance on the Security Computer Systems. Performed software system reload of the Security Control System.  • Trained 10 subordinates in the intricacies of the new Security Computer System operations.  • Managed a 100 percent accuracy and accountability for all preventive/corrective maintenance.  • Submitted weekly maintenance reports with zero percent discrepancies. Education Master Degree in Management/ Project Management Ashford University - Clinton, IA May 2011 to October 2012 Bachelor Degree in General Studies Columbia College - Columbia, MO 2011 Associate in Electronic Technology Coastline Community College - Fountain Valley, CA 2011 Assessments Email — Proficient July 2019 Measures a candidate’s ability to effectively compose and organize email messages. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/q8ixikz77qi-nnnp Proficiency with Microsoft Office: Mail & Calendar (Mac) — Proficient August 2019 Measures a candidate’s proficiency in using Microsoft Office Mail and Calendar tools to manage their workload. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/2n7zksrtvczaw34h Mechanical Skills: Monitoring — Familiar August 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to monitor machine indicators in order to ensure safe and appropriate operation. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/bhiuuf5dqenxj6qy Basic Maintenance and Repair — Proficient August 2019 Performing basic repairs and maintenance for apartment complexes, office buildings, and other facilities. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/fl-a7rpxpc9cgmjg Technical Support — Familiar August 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to apply protocols to identify errors and solutions in order to maintain system function. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/pvlfliwzsqsj8dtn Business Math — Familiar August 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to use basic math to solve problems in a business context. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/rsq7ocgnygxtbsv1 Basic Word Processing with Microsoft Word — Familiar August 2019 Measures a candidate's knowledge of basic Microsoft Word techniques for word processing, including the use of tools to format or edit text. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/jkwjiye3deyg28xq Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.