PMO Manager PMO <span class="hl">Manager</span> PMO Manager - HISCOX Marietta, GA, US Work Experience PMO Manager HISCOX - Atlanta, GA, US 2018 to Present Manage the day-to-day operations of the Portfolio Management Office (PMO) team, in addition to projects and small changes. Envision and direct the strategic growth of the office; provide relevant, numerous training opportunities to support the achievement of company goals. Identify opportunities for process improvement. Active member of the portfolio planning process; situated on team with Chief Information Officer, Chief Technology Officer, and Information Technology department heads. Employ communication techniques that allow for effective, cooperative, transparent partnerships.  • Received nominations in 3 of 5 categories for Operational Excellence award; recognized for implementation of creative solutions, unbridled cross-functional support, autonomous work ethic and unparalleled initiative, and ambitious attitude and general positivity.  • Achieved 98% customer satisfaction, rated by sponsors and stakeholders after delivering a project from inception to completion.  • Drive PM process maturity and discipline by enabling Portfolio governance, influencing structural discipline, and driving process adoption Project and Small Change Manager HISCOX - London June 2018 to August 2018 Supported the successful, timely, cost-effective delivery of waterfall and agile projects & small changes. Championed communicative, collaborative relationships with key internal and external stakeholders. Partnered with managers and cross-functional staff to deliver effective solutions to clients based on deep understanding of business needs and processes. Assessed, analyzed, and reported major risks and opportunities related to project/change delivery. Communicated with clients to provide real-time status updates.  • Enhanced end-user collaboration in the workspace by identifying gaps and implementing creative solutions.  • Implement effective training and launching initiatives to reach collaborative business goals IT Senior Project Coordinator and Small Change Manager HISCOX - Atlanta, GA December 2015 to June 2018 Directed the strategic operations of project teams and all activities within the project lifecycle for local, national, and global Infrastructure build-outs. Coached all members of the Small Change team and fostered a feedback culture to support team building and development. Ensured timely delivery of small changes against the project plan. Responsible for the maintenance of project financial records, ranging from $100K to $6.5M, and identification of budget variances. Researched and implemented creative resolutions to project issues. Allocated resources using resourcing tools such as HP PPM and JIRA.  • Completed and delivered four Infrastructure Office Expansion Builds across the US under budget and ahead-of-schedule.  • Supported the business migration of end-of-life support to a new API platform by implementing stability and scalability recommendations prescribed by principles of Agile delivery. Underwriting Assistant/Mentor SME HISCOX - Atlanta, GA March 2014 to December 2015 Addressed and serviced new and renewal business submission requests within predetermined Service Level Objectives (SLOs); maintained accuracy and quality. Reported project status updates to senior leadership. Liaised with underwriters, brokers, and associates to quickly resolve queries and generate solutions to prevent similar, future issues. Coached and trained new employees through the onboarding process.  • In partnership with another colleague, led the charge to develop processes that increased service delivery and enhanced site and team proficiency, efficiency, and effectiveness.  • Facilitated 120 workshops and training sessions for new employees; used practices of employee engagement, marquee culture points, motivation, and morale.  • Employed exceptional attention to detail; Operated with a <1% error rate in data processing and filing; a recognized steward of data integrity. Claim Service Specialist THE HARTFORD - Alpharetta, GA September 2012 to March 2014 Facilitated and directed project management functions. Trained Ability Analysts and ROI Specialists. Performed cross-functional responsibilities to support understaffed areas. Championed quality assurance, customer service, and interdepartmental support.  • Developed comprehensive training manual; adopted in various departments across the company. Claims Auditor DELTA DENTAL INSURANCE - Alpharetta, GA 2008 to 2010 Reviewed, investigated, and monitored insurance claims from inception to completion; followed up on suspended claims when appropriate. Complied with federal and company regulations to ensure integrity of patient information. Facilitated departmental training in Operating Legacy Systems. Employed strong organizational and communication skills to achieve claim completion within aggressive timelines.  • Achieved a 99.6% quality rate in completing Quality Assurance Reviews. Education Master of Business Administration in Business Administration American Intercontinental University - Atlanta, GA Bachelor of Science in Biology in Pre-Med University of West Georgia - Carrollton, GA Skills Jira, Rally, Visio, Oracle, Sql, Data analytics, Sharepoint, Tableau, Workday, Sdlc, Crm, Citrix, Microsoft office Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/ingridmorency Additional Information Passionate, accomplished, and multifaceted Project Manager with solid experience within the IT industry serving organizations with ingenuity, initiative, and dedication to raising revenue and cutting costs.  * Strong project management talents; capable of leading teams to complete projects within strict time and budget constraints.  * Recognized steward of consulting and facilitating group discussions, decision making, & conflict resolutions  * Adept at forecasting business and market needs; align employee performance and training with achievement of strategic business goals.  * Transferable skills derived from professional work in the IT industry and Community Outreach Programs  * Excellent interpersonal skills; foster and fortify partnerships with executive stakeholders and clients.  * A champion of intercultural partnerships and competency; a multilingual employee and global citizen.    Technical Proficiencies    Waterfall Scrum Agile SDLC CRM Workday Data Analytics SharePoint Rally Visio Lucid Charts SQL Tableau Jira HP PPM Confluence Oracle Citrix Adobe Creative Cloud Microsoft Office