Vulnerability Management Contractor Vulnerability Management Contractor Vulnerability Management Contractor - Nike Portland, OR IT Security major implementing, monitoring, and providing support for cybersecurity systems. Looking for a career in security utilizing my current experience and learning more to grow within the field. Work Experience Vulnerability Management Contractor Nike - Portland, OR January 2019 to Present Monitor and scan internal, external, and cloud assets for vulnerabilities using Rapid 7 Nexpose technologies.  ? Perform data analysis using Python on large data sets to provide accurate data to stakeholders.  ? Work with various departments to ensure remediation processes are being followed for vulnerabilities.  ? Validate submissions from the bug bounty program to ensure risks are properly dealt with.  ? Provide metrics to directors on the amount of assets that are missing patches/high risk. Cybersecurity Analyst Anitian Cloud Security - Portland, OR March 2018 to January 2019 Monitor security technologies and handle alerts using ElasticSearch and Splunk SIEM.  ? Perform threat hunting for evidence of compromise using a wide variety of tools such as Carbon Black Endpoint protection, Cisco Firesight, Cisco Umbrella, ESET Endpoint protection, Zscaler, Tripwire, Securi, ElasticSearch, and Splunk.  ? Track suspicious network, application, and user behavior.  ? Investigate breaches.  ? Perform vulnerability management by conducting scans using Tenable Nessus, OpenVAS, and Saint.  ? Deliver detailed MS Excel reports on the results of the vulnerability scans.  ? Write detailed reports to companies on the state of their security posture. IT Help Desk Specialist Moda Health - Portland, OR January 2017 to March 2018 Provide Tier 2 support for Moda Health and the companies they own.  ? Use IBM BigFix for remote administration of Windows 7 PCs.  ? Provide support for many proprietary applications.  ? Provide 24x7 on call support for users.  ? Support Citrix servers and applications.  ? Active Directory administration.  ? Maintain MS Server 2008, 2012, and Exchange servers.  ? Assist networking with troubleshooting Brocade switches and routers.  ? Virus removal and monitoring of infected machines using Checkpoint Antivirus solutions.  ? Assist users in person and on the phone. IT Help Desk Specialist Murray Smith & Associates - Portland, OR February 2016 to January 2017 Account and Asset Management for 150 users  ? Training, maintenance, and installation of all applications used by company  ? Administer and manager anti-virus and WSUS server.  ? Tier I and II help desk responsibilities.  ? Troubleshoot network, programs, and hardware issues.  ? Document and record issues in ticketing system with accuracy and efficiency using Zendesk.  ? Maintain and set up video conferencing for all eight offices using GoTo Meeting software.  ? Produce documentation for processes and tutorials for various applications and processes.  ? Train all new employees and assist with onboarding. Project Manager, ISS Portland, OR May 2015 to February 2016 Configure new Future POS software systems for restaurants  ? Train all end users on how to use Future POS software  ? Provide 24 hour support for all customers on various issues that arise  ? Program and install specialized systems of POS systems  ? Configure and wire all networks for new sites  ? Delegate technical tasks to support team  ? Perform SQL maintenance  ? Document and record issues in ticketing system with accuracy and efficiency Desktop Transformation Technician Providence - Portland, OR January 2015 to May 2015 Backup user data from Windows XP machines to be transferred to Windows 7 machines  ? Use Active Directory to unlock accounts, reset password, rejoin computers that have fallen off the domain  ? Maintain efficient workflow to ensure machines get replaced in timely manner  ? Install and verify proprietary applications will work in Windows 7  ? Provide technical training and assistance to end users using terminology that is easy to understand  ? Troubleshoot wired/wireless network and internet connectivity issues  ? After backing up user's data, replace machine with newly imaged machine and transfer user's data to new machine  ? Experience working in a team-oriented, collaborative environment  ? Perform hands-on fixes at the desktop level, including installing and upgrading software, implementing file backups, and configuring systems and applications. IT Support Engineer II Nike - Portland, OR March 2014 to January 2015 Support end users in an enterprise environment utilizing all tools to resolve issues for Mac and Windows users  ? Level 2 support for Office 365 migration  ? Use Active Directory to unlock accounts, reset password, rejoin computers that have fallen off the domain  ? Use Bomgar to remote into users computers, transfer files  ? Utilize Casper to push applications, scripts, and screen share with Mac users to resolve issues  ? Use Clarify to fulfill the ticketing process from beginning to end  ? Use Citrix XenDesk to access essential tools to perform support functions  ? Provide technical training and assistance to end users using terminology that is easy to understand  ? Troubleshoot wired/wireless network and internet connectivity issues  ? Access software updates, drivers, knowledge bases, and frequently asked questions resources on the Internet to aid in problem resolution  ? Experience working in a team-oriented, collaborative environment  ? Perform hands-on fixes at the desktop level, including installing and upgrading software, implementing file backups, and configuring systems and applications.  ? Continually the top on my team for handling the most calls and closing the most tickets Education B.S. in Information Technology Security Western Governors University 2015 to 2018 Skills Active directory (5 years), Android (5 years), Autodesk (Less than 1 year), Deployment (Less than 1 year), Exchange (1 year), Frameworks (Less than 1 year), Gis (Less than 1 year), Hyper-v (Less than 1 year), Ids (Less than 1 year), imaging (Less than 1 year), ios (Less than 1 year), Ips (Less than 1 year), Linux (Less than 1 year), low voltage (Less than 1 year), Microsoft office (Less than 1 year), Microsoft windows (Less than 1 year), Point of sale (Less than 1 year), Security (Less than 1 year), Siem. (Less than 1 year), solutions. (1 year), Siem, Cyber Security, Information Security, Comptia, Network Security, It Security Certifications/Licenses CompTIA A+ CompTIA Network+ CompTIA Linux+ CompTIA Security+ CompTIA Project+ Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA) CCNA Security AWS Certified Solutions Architect A valid IT Specialist certification