St. Web developer St. Web developer Web developer and Salesforce admin Taylors, SC As a web developer with over 17 years of professional experience, I am seeking a position where I can use my exceptional experiences and web development skills to meet and exceed client needs and expectations. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience St. Web developer RTO National - Greenville, SC May 2018 to Present E-commerce for sheds (Laravel and PHP)  Online customized shed E-commerce system provides real-time shopping    • Managed all scheduling and other team resources  • Integrated with existing system to add new services from external systems  • Developed and implemented website St. Software Applications Engineer Actian - Greenville, SC March 2015 to April 2018 Web Develpoment(Angular2.0,nodeJS) / Salesforce administrator, developer / NetSuite administrator /   • Various small and big Salesforce projects.  • Define customers business logic and sow.  • Consult with customers to find the best method to accomplish the customer's integration goal.  • Performing Salesforce admin and Netsuite admin.  • Salesforce development role such as Writing trigger and class with Apex and SOQL  • Developed Frond-end side for data-cloud service using Angular2, nodejs and rest API IT Project Manager intra.elitegny.com - New York, NY April 2013 to September 2014 Defined Business requirements and process and develop a customized Web-based ERP system for a wholesale jewelry company.    • Designed all system and lead the whole team  • Developed and implemented website  www.gemour.com Project Manager and PHP developer www.letcommend.com - New York, NY August 2012 to February 2013 Aug 2012 - Feb 2013  Online Social web service providing Q/A feature.    • Designed all system and lead the whole team  • Developed and implemented website PHP Developer Budcain - HighKickz (premium.highkickz.co.kr ) - New York, NY April 2012 to July 2012 E-commerce for a shoe company (PM and Developer) Apr 2012 - Jul 2012  Online shoe E-commerce system provides real-time shopping    • Managed all scheduling and resources  • Integrated with existing system to add new services  • Developed and implemented website Project Manager and PHP developer Budcain - NYPRINCE (www.nyprince.com) - New York, NY August 2011 to February 2012 Online jewelry E-commerce system provides real-time shopping    • Managed all scheduling and resources  • Developed and implemented website Director of E-Commerce Business Development www.ohshowapi.com January 2011 to September 2011 Developed online E-Ticketing service and Provide Ohshow API system to their partners    • Made E-commerce website for specialized Broadway Ticketing  • Developed the Broadway inbound system connectivity with their XML API System  • Used SSL to make website secure and attached Authorize.net Merchandise System  • Provide Ohshow API to other companies in tracking their commission ASP and .NET Developer Hey Korean (www.heykorean.com) - New York, NY August 2009 to December 2010 Developing online services and maintaining a system    • Made a web service which was communicated with galaxiacommunications using their component API for purchasing online cash.  • Developed Online-Phone card system (innodial) using their SOAP API Education Technical School in Computer Science, Information Processing Seoul Jeong Su University(Technical school) - Seoul, KR March 1999 to February 2000 Skills Salesforce admin (3 years), Salesforce developer (2 years), Netsuite suite script (1 year), PHP (10+ years), Ajax (7 years), JQuery (5 years), Javascript (10+ years), Asp (10+ years), Java (3 years), Angular2 (Less than 1 year), Visual Basic (10+ years), MySQL (7 years), Java (3 years), .NET (2 years), nodejs (2 years), google enhanced e-commerce (1 year), laravel 5+ (1 year), MS-SQL (10+ years) Certifications/Licenses Netsuite : SuiteClould: Exploring the Netsuite Platform March 2015 to Present It is basic training for Netsuite platform. Additional Information TECHNICAL AREAS OF EXPERTISE  Expert:  Microsoft Server Series, Microsoft SQL Server 2000 - 2008  PHP, ASP, VB, JavaScript, PayPal Merchant Services, Authorize.com, various social plug in integration  Intermediate:  Microsoft Office, Visio, WiFi, WAN, LAN, VPN, VOIP, TCP/IP, DHCP, DNS  JQuery, JSON, XML, my-sql, EDI, shopify API, bootstrap, CMS Tool(Magento, word-press)  Basic:  XCode3.0, Objective-C, C#, ASP. NET, SEO (Search Engine Optimization), SOAP