Project Manager, AVP <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>, AVP Project Manager, AVP New Castle, DE Over 8-year success in managing and executing all aspects of mid-to-large domestic and global projects throughout the Project Management Life Cycle with a strong experience in system analysis, managing critical applications, and delivering hardware and network support across high profile organizations Work Experience Project Manager, AVP CITI - Dallas, TX 2016 to Present Project Manager - NAIGT (NA Infrastructure and Global Testing)  ? Spearhead overall process of operational readiness, user acceptance testing (UAT), as well as mid-to-large domestic and global projects throughout the project management life cycle in accordance with company ethics and business strategies  ? Render management and support to wide range of products spanning across CitiDirect, White Labeling, Global Billing, Identity Management, Citi FT, CFX, and Commercial Cards  ? Work with team members and key stakeholders in gathering project requirements by implementing go live, developing project plans, determining issues and solutions, and monitoring project progress   ? Establish new and improved cross-functional process flows, procedures, and test plans toward operational efficiency  ? Drive collaborative efforts with GTS Sales, Product, Technology, Client Delivery, and Operations Management trams, as well as third-party vendors and customers to optimize product development, testing, and delivery   ? Lead effective training programs to execute and co-facilitate system and process training  ? Preside over team meetings and conference calls as well as prepare meeting agendas, materials, and minutes  ? Liaise among local and virtual technology, product management, and operations vendors/teams in communicating project progress and product requirements  ? Earned fast-track promotion throughout tenure by exemplifying outstanding performance Project Implementation Analyst FIRST DATA - Wilmington, DE 2015 to 2016 Project Implementation Analyst   ? Served as project manager for a global payment technology solutions provider, responsible for all network sector technical operations  ? Oversaw a diverse portfolio of multiple simultaneous client projects with aggressive timelines  ? Took charge of the implementation of the planning and monitoring of project status, as well as the testing of project requirements for merchant setups  ? Assessed and resolved planet platform and monetary settlement processing issues through problem ticket software application   ? Verified applications requirements to guarantee accuracy, inclusion, and consistency of existing client setup  ? Provided assistance on the validation of technical enhancement on platforms, as well as on the design and execution of test scripts and test cases for online transaction processing  ? Carried out report configurations and testing across multiple platforms  ? Performed financial reconciliation of the organization’s processing portfolios for settlement reconciliation to platform and card association reports  ? Efficiently handled a portfolio for interchange, transaction processing issues/behavior analysis, anomaly research, and escalation  ? Strategically directed the deployment and regression testing of all new process development, database, and proprietary tool improvements which involved VLBC, SVADMIN, ticketing, portal, MIT, reset script generator, transaction script tools, and schedulers IT Support Technician II COLONIAL SCHOOL DISTRICT - New Castle, DE 2014 to 2015 ? Rendered active support to more than 1,500 users and Microsoft Outlook accounts while maintaining more than 3,100 units on a daily basis  ? Prioritized the arrangement, monitoring, and repair of all operations of LAN hardware and software encompassing desktop computers, data, voice, and video communication systems  ? Administered all facets of technical environment comprised of Windows 7, Office 2010, Dell PC, HP Desktops, Chrome Book (3100 units), MAC, educational applications, and hardware troubleshooting  ? Performed drive imaging, disaster recovery and backup, and resetting passwords in Active Directory Server 2003, 2008, and 2012 in upholding system integrity  ? Set up 2012r2 server in collaboration with the lead technician  ? Applied keen attention to detail in maintaining network faults and dealing with network issues by using ticket system General Utility KRAFT FOODS - Dover, DE 2012 to 2014 General Utility Information Systems Administrator - Analyst (25B); Honorable Discharge UNITED STATES ARMY - Augusta, GA 2010 to 2012 ? Executed key responsibilities including implementation of all maintenance and troubleshooting tasks for server 2003 and 2008; creating desktop computer migration tasks; and monitoring inventory control  ? Identified and addressed various network and telecommunication system malfunctions, connectivity issues, and mainframe functionality  ? Guaranteed seamless operations by facilitating equipment needs analysis while carrying out all budget, network security, software, and disaster recovery initiatives  ? Headed network systems covering hardware, software, user addition and removal, access rights definitions, and implementation and compliance with all security procedures and policies  ? Held accountability in executing system backups, maintaining user problems and resolution record database, and initiating network post-disruptions and failures using computer diagnostic tools and software  ? Guided and scheduled users on hardware/software operation and capabilities  ? Provided central helpdesk functions support to customers for problem assessment, repair, and resolution Education Technical Degree CCI Training Center - Arlington, TX 2014 Diploma in Information Technology Specialist US Army Signal School - Augusta, GA 2011 Technical Degree Poly Tech - Woodside, DE August 2002 to June 2006 Skills acceptance testing (4 years), budget (3 years), disaster recovery (5 years), Project Management (4 years), Testing (4 years) Additional Information Areas of Expertise  * Project Planning & Execution * Budget Administration & Forecasting * User Acceptance Testing  * Requirement Gathering & Analysis * Test Plan Design & Execution * Project Management *SDLC *Waterfall *Agile   * Project Portfolio Management/Monitoring * Proprietary Tool Enhancements * Disaster Recovery & Backup  * Needs Analysis/Settlement Processing * Staff, Client, and User Training * System Migration