Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager - Applied Information Sciences McLean, VA Work Experience Project Manager Applied Information Sciences - Alexandria, VA October 2014 to Present Responsible for managing projects assigned by Project Managers and regularly reports progress and status on assigned projects and tasks  • Develop project plans, as requested, soliciting input from the team on the plan and project design  • Assist in establishing responsibility for assigned project/s tasks/milestones  • Assist in establishing clear decision-making and communication processes; monitor project progress  • Participates in analyzing and resolving problems associated with technical issues, project resource issues, and project integration issues  • Assist in identifying resource needs for the project (roles, expectations, and goals with identified team members from the functional areas)  • Communicate effectively across the team and interface with clients as appropriate  • Understand and communicates the inter-dependencies of various systems/products to client and team, as directed  • Assist in implementing change requests  • Proactively assist in continuous process improvement and problem resolution  • Develop list of activities and schedules with a strong attention to detail  • Effectively communicate with senior level/VIP customers  • Works with Project Managers and team to strategically develop the program for the future (technology, strategy, processes) IT Engineer/ Project Analyst UrsaNav - Stafford, VA June 2014 to October 2014 Review identified IT specifications and configuration form data to assist with maintaining the current and future IT catalog.  • Provide vendor-proposed product engineering analysis for IT and technical evaluations.  • Analyze and update procurement specifications based on requirements.  • Provide Configuration management of all engineering documentation, software and hardware.  • Assist in transition and integration efforts for new and emerging tools.  • Perform analysis and evaluation throughout the process, application, system, development life-cycle which includes, but is not limited to: planning, requirements, design, acquisition, development, integration, installation/deployment, performance tuning, testing, or training.  • Perform/ direct the development and preparation of detailed analysis and solution recommendations at various stages of a project life-cycle.  • Perform configuration management and asset tracking duties  • Ensure compliance with, and/or develop, the standards and organization requirements relative to specific assignments IT Specialist Inmarsat Government - Herndon, VA August 2012 to June 2014 Initiated, updated, tracked, and closed network trouble tickets in Remedy Service Desk.  • Created/Documented and led training for new hire orientation and computer use training.  • Companywide Mobile/AT&T Administrator of all accounts, contracts, and phones.  • Researched, resolved, and responded to support requests received via telephone calls, visits and email in a Microsoft Windows environment.  • Asset tracking and management responsibilities included updating vendor inventory website and life cycle refreshes  • Recommend, researched and evaluated new technologies/solutions.  • Participated in technology deployment projects (as lead and/or team member IT Specialist/CAD Manager Army Corps of Engineers - Winchester, VA May 2010 to August 2012 Provided customer IT support for District/Division IT equipment, software, and systems  • Investigated, analyzed and evaluated problems in system software, applications software interfacing, and/or IT equipment to isolate causes of malfunctions.  • Coordinated with IT customers and specialists to identify IT improvements and ways to provide greater effectiveness and economy of services. Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Science Shepherd University - Shepherdstown, WV Additional Information Experienced Project Manager with extensive knowledge providing support for both Government and non-Government agencies. Strong background diagnosing, troubleshooting, and solving technical issues. Experience creating IT Process Documentation as well as implementing Change Management processes. Strong customer service and communication skills while supporting both technical and non-technical staff.    Professional Accomplisments    • Supported IT Helpdesk Coordination among The DoD Office of Secretary of Defense within the Pentagon  • Assisted in product development and research of ITSS Marine Corps Network Catalog  • Assisted in a companywide domain migration for users, computers, servers, and SharePoint  • Created and led an Onboarding Orientation Program for new employees with supporting curriculum material