PROJECT MANAGER, IT <span class="hl">PROJECT</span> <span class="hl">MANAGER</span>, <span class="hl">IT</span> PROJECT MANAGER, IT - KnowSun Data, LLC San Francisco, CA Work Experience PROJECT MANAGER, IT KnowSun Data, LLC - San Francisco, CA October 2015 to Present Managing software & AI development contracts for VC-funded and institutional client companies from CA to MA, EU to Costa Rica - verticals include healthcare, security, manufacturing, and retail.  ? Monitoring metrics, security and user data to optimize services/performance delivering optimal experience for client end-users, eg 7M insurance claims structured, $350M+ property insured.  ? Implementing both Agile/Scrum and waterfall methodologies in facilitating industry software delivery managing extensive technical teams nationally and internationally, international press.  ? Translated product vision into evolving development roadmap, coordinating daily standup meetings and collaboration as primary point of contact between all client and project team stakeholders involved. Co-founder, CEO Top Scholar Technologies, LLC - Ann Arbor, MI September 2012 to 2016 Co-founded tech startup with two CS PhDs, funded by Dan Gilbert (Cleveland Cavs owner, Quicken Loans founder) accelerator, attracting thousands of users and prominent university partnerships.  ? Managed significant human and financial resources in developing website and data analysis infrastructure with CS PhDs and affiliated web/mobile development engineers, see CourseHack. it  ? Integrated algorithms with major US university learning management systems, increasing reach of applications and helping thousands of students instantly organize class assignments. DIRECTOR OF PUBLIC RELATIONS Broad China Business Society - East Lansing, MI January 2010 to January 2011 Publicized the student groups events online, in the press, and led members in campus marketing efforts.  ? Promoted BCBS Operations in Beijing, bringing contacts on tours of companies across China Tech and Support Internship CHARISMEDIA GMBH & CO - Hamburg, DE May 2009 to August 2009 Exceeded goals in international marketing and search engine optimization for the infotech portal.  ? Contributed research and content for the website concerning EU financial and social systems. Tech and Support Internship MICHIGAN HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES - Lansing, MI January 2009 to May 2009 Promoted town hall meetings of the congressmen to thousands of constituents across Michigan.  ? Field research on important political issues to the office's congressmen, TV studio transcriptions. Education Master's in Technology Commercialization University of Michigan College of Engineering - Ann Arbor, MI September 2012 to August 2014 Bachelor's in IR/Chinese, CS Coursework James Madison College, Michigan State University - East Lansing, MI August 2007 to May 2012 Skills JAVASCRIPT, PYTHON, SCRIPTING, SECURITY, NETWORKING Additional Information SKILLS:  Software/Computer: R, Python, JavaScript, Computer Networking & Security, Scripting and Automation.