Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager - EMERALD PERFORMANCE MATERIALS Vancouver, WA Work Experience Project Manager EMERALD PERFORMANCE MATERIALS - Vancouver, WA September 2018 to Present • Managed the initiation and execution of six new product development projects of chemicals for the personal care, food, adhesives & sealants and coatings industries using a Stage-Gate mediated system.  • Oversaw the process of customer-specific projects, moderating interaction between, stakeholders, R&D, and the commercial staff, producing $300,000 of PM year-to-date. Applications Chemist EMERALD PERFORMANCE MATERIALS - Kalama, WA October 2015 to August 2018 Optimized the use of non-phthalate plasticizers and coalescents for adhesives, vinyl and coatings. Developed key  data in support of a global launch of new preservatives for the personal care and home care industries. Holds  inventorship on three pending patents.  • Supported the commercial and global business development teams by educating clients at customer meetings on our technologies, preparing call reports and NDAs, and presenting data at tradeshows & conferences. Research Assistant - Dr. Amanda Murphy WESTERN WASHINGTON UNIVERSITY - Bellingham, WA January 2013 to June 2015 • Extended the use of conducting polymer actuators for use in artificial muscles, steerable catheters, and microvalves through chemical modification and composites.  • Increased bulk material tensile strength and elasticity by 300% by synthesizing and introducing linked dimers into pyrrole-based conducting polymers. Compounding Technician, IT Systems Administrator CUSTOM RX SHOPPE PHARMACY - Bellingham, WA April 2010 to June 2015 Saved $20k in licensing/hardware and $12k annually in maintenance fees for a recently purchased remote  pharmacy by evaluating unused software licenses and establishing a site-to-site encrypted tunnel.  • Prepared in-testing transdermal drugs, under direction of a compounding pharmacist, for autism and multiple  sclerosis that are currently undergoing FDA approval. Education Master of Science in Chemistry UNIVERSITY OF OREGON June 2016 Bachelor of Science in Chemistry WESTERN WASHINGTON UNIVERSITY June 2015 Skills Chemistry, HPLC, Formulation Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP)