Senior It Strategy Consultant Senior <span class="hl">It</span> Strategy Consultant Senior It Strategy Consultant Arlington, VA Secret Clearance  Recognized leader and manager well versed in the principles of project and program management, strategic and business enterprise planning, team building, and integrating multiple complex projects into a comprehensive program. Capable of working with the customer to define business drivers and implement solutions across the program objectives. Lead the project team in successfully executing the project as planned and budgeted. Able to apply disciplined approaches to coordinate internally and externally dispersed team and customer interfaces.. Work Experience Senior It Strategy Consultant Accenture Federal Services - Washington, DC February 2014 to May 2015 Direct annual budgeting and planning process for the organization's annual budget with the Department of Energy as well as manage the annual budget.Oversee monthly and quarterly assessments and forecasts of organization's financial performance against budget, financial and operational goals. Oversee short and long-term financial and managerial reporting.  • Managing day to day processing of accounts receivable and payable using QuickBooks, producing reports as requested.Reconciling monthly activity, generating year-end reports, and fulfilling tax related requirements.  • Assisting Executive Director and Board in creating annual organizational budget and monitoring cash flow.Managing grantor contracts and reimbursement requests including maintaining intersection's archival and administration files.  • Ensure that Accounting Department requests are resolved and communicated in a timely manner to internal and external parties.Develop long-range forecasts and maintain long-range financial plans.  • Develop, maintain and monitor all fundraising and accounting systems and procedures capturing all pledges, billings and receipts and for the recording of all revenue transactions, recommend and implement improvements to systems.  • Proven success in contributing to a team-oriented environment and ability to work creatively and analytically in a problem-solving environment Desire to work in an information systems environmentExcellent leadership, communication (written and oral) and interpersonal skills.  Computer Science Corporation, (Department Homeland of Security -United States Citizenship and Immigration Services) Senior IT Project Manager Washington, DC May 2012 to February 2014 Formulate, gain alignment and ensure execution of the following key deployment artifacts: Deployment Strategy, Deployment Plan and Schedule to include the sequencing of events and related artifacts.  • Partner with the Client's Deployment Manager/Technical Lead/ IT Project Management to develop a client deployment strategy/plan, providing thought leadership and sharing deployment best practice, tools and guidelines.  • Collaborate with the Enterprise Solution Architect to ensure execution aligns with the end-to-end architecture design. Identify and assess interdependencies holistically across the solution. Ensure all technology provisioning is identified and fulfilled.  • Oversee and coordinate efforts between project team members in terms of deployment ensuring systems are fully deployed, implemented and functioning across the solution. Manage all implementation-related environments (including updates, monitoring, patching).  • Contribute to the improvement of the Solution Delivery Processes and tools through active feedback; share lessons learned and success stories for the betterment of the program and to help drive the change management with speed and efficiency.  • Provides feedback and shapes production support procedures, policies and documentation. Efficiently organizes and addresses multiple production issues, customer requests and inquiries from several sources, delegating when appropriate.  • Performs ongoing review of program status; identifies risks. Documents program progress including implementation, timelines, issues, risks and successes to maintain program course. Assesses results and determines and implements risk mitigation solutions as appropriate. Business Process Reengineering Specialist Computer Science Corporation - Washington, DC October 2011 to February 2014 Business Process Reengineering Specialist Washington, DC October 2011-Feburary 2014    • Applies process improvement and reengineering methodologies and principles to conduct process modernization projects.  • Duties included activity and data modeling, developed modern business methods, identified best practices, and creating and assessing performance measurements.  • Provided group facilitation, interviewing, training, and additional forms of knowledge transfer. Works under supervision and direction on an Industry/Functional Area Specialist (Senior) or works independently. IT Project Manager Computer Science Corporation - Falls Church, VA June 2011 to September 2011 Updated, Managed and Monitored the AESIP Integrated Master Schedule (IMS) by updating the work packages according to the information gathered from the team leads in addition to verifying that the dates match up to the Earned Value Management Report.  • Developed weekly burn analysis reports to track the project's budget which contains the actual hours worked in addition to the financial projections for the upcoming weeks. Reconfigured and Updated the Earned Value Management (EVM) report in order to record any changes to the milestone dates or any other updates. Collected information from the EVM report and update the IMS report appropriately in order to provide an updated EVM report for the Monthly client deliverable.  • Created on a monthly basis a Quarterly Report that displays information from the EVM metrics, which is represented as graphical representation.  • Developed a 90 day and 12 month IMS contract deliverable that is due on a monthly basis. Re-baselined all the development works once the milestone dates, and labor estimates, have been determined by the Team Leaders. Created quad chart's contract deliverables that shows the Proposed vs. Actual values for FTE's, Hours and Cost.  Early Career  • Dakota Consulting (USDA), Project Manager /Sharepoint Administrator July 2010-June 2011  • American Chemistry Council, Assistant Project Manager March 2007- June 2010  • Aspen Group Inc, Junior Project Manager October 2006-March 2007  • The Second Mile, Developmental Intern, May 2006-August 2006  • Bennett Family Center, Administrative Assistant, August 2002-August 2005 Education Master of Science in Health Care Management Marymount University-Arlington - Arlington, VA MBA in Human Resource Management University of Phoenix - Phoenix, AZ Bachelor of Psychology Pennsylvania State University - University Park, PA Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS & CERTIFICATIONS  • Six Sigma Green Belt 2013, Scrum Agile Certification, 2011, Security Clearance  • MY SQL, Networking, MS Project 2007, VISIO, SharePoint 2003 and 2007, SharePoint Designer  • Minitab, SPSS ,TIMSS 5.0, Lotus Notes, Databasics, Customer Relationship Management System (CRM)