Job Seeker Work Experience Royal Contract Lighting - Taunton, MA 2017 to 2019 Operating Officer (COO) 2017 to 2019 Operations Analyst IT Manager Engineer, (2017 to 2019)  Analyzed processes to identify opportunities for improvement and developed change  recommendations with implementation proposals including return on investment (ROI)  projections. Created departmental document libraries, comprehensive standard  operating procedures (SOPs), and production flowcharts. Collaborated with Chief  Operating Officer (COO) to review process changes and orchestrate training and implementation. Retained custom design, IT, and software development duties.  • Reduced RFQ lead time requirement by 50% and increased accuracy with development of quoting software.  • Created and implemented multilingual (English and Mandarin) proprietary  ERP/MRP/PLM web platform tailored to custom lighting processes for use in both United States (US) and China manufacturing facilities  • Cut overtime by 30% by decreasing internal international miscommunication and misinterpretation of data with introduction of custom ERP/MRP/PLM software. Project Manager 2017 to 2019 Created models to enable client to visualize proposals, compiled material and labor cost  quotes, and conducted research to source custom materials. Generated punch lists, assigned tasks, and coordinated schedules for subcontractors and internal work teams.  Compiled weekly client progress status reports.  • Created project budgets for projects based on quotes.  • Managed two to three teams concurrently with strict deadlines and budgets for residential and/or commercial projects. Purchasing Manager IT Manager Engineer 2017 to 2017 to 2017)  Designed and reviewed custom orders for light fixtures to ensure alignment with client  requests. Compiled production packets with bill of materials (BOM) and assembly and production drawings. Sourced or purchased components per BOM based on production  lead time and domestic or China source availability. Managed IT networks in US and China and inventory of IT items, resolved hardware issues, and developed departmental  software.  • Enhanced connection speeds between US and China network by 30% through improved network configuration.  • Developed US/China database of component vendors based on availability, quality, and reliability. Production Process Analyst National Lumber Company 2015 to 2016 Developed comprehensive SOPs and production flowchart documents. Designed  materials requirements planning (MRP) application and integrated with existing ERP  software. Partnered with production management team to harmonize project timelines, and review CNC drawings as well as pre-production CNC programming / nesting.  • Cut setup times by over 30% with creation of tooling and machine settings database.  • Reduced late projects by 25% by designing tasking system to schedule CNC and moulder runs based on job priority, size, and time requirements. National Lumber Company - Mansfield, MA 2013 to 2016 Assistant Structural Engineer National Lumber Company 2013 to 2015 Reviewed architectural plans for residential structures using load path engineering to size  EWP products. Ensured submitted plans complied with state building regulations and codes. Resolved aesthetic issues or discrepancies in architectural plans with architect or  engineer of record (EOR) and ensured plans complied with state building regulations and codes. Created 3D structural models and drawings for use by sales team and clients.  • Lead team with the goal to implement feedback loop and improve quality of drawings outsourced to India, resulting in 60% decrease in drawing revisions over six  months.  • Slashed time required to create engineered steel beam bill of materials by 50% with development of quoting applications linked to company ERP.  • Utilized standard loading based on existing structure to size beams and posts for additions and remodel projects. Jackson Services - Norton, MA 2011 to 2013 CAD Designer Advanced Trim Wright - Taunton, MA 2004 to 2006 CNC Programmer  Developed custom designs and products, created shop production drawings, and utilized  design software to minimize material waste. Organized more than 600 moldings profiles and knives.  • Established relationship with vendor to recycle PVC scrap and dust for profit. Education Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering in Mechanical Engineering University of Massachusetts - Dartmouth, MA 2017 Skills CRM, ERP, MRP, SAP, ENTERPRISE RESOURCE PLANNING