ADVANCED ENGINEERING INTAKE ANALYST ADVANCED ENGINEERING INTAKE ANALYST ADVANCED ENGINEERING INTAKE ANALYST - CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS Greenwood Village, CO Work Experience ADVANCED ENGINEERING INTAKE ANALYST CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS - Englewood, CO March 2019 to Present - Administer orders and requests, prepare modifications, and conducting   project research for requests coming through the Advanced Engineering   organization. (request can come internally within AE or from another   organization internally within the company.   ~ Gather facts for project and/or program scope by creating RFP, required project relevancy to AE groups and sub groups, and developing project charter.   ~ Evaluate price, terms of the project, and conditions. This can be change request, LOE, AE scope, project charter, and research and evaluation to risks,   dependencies, and assumptions.   ~ Giving technical advice and counsel for modifications or deficiencies in project/program charter, dependencies, risks, assumptions, budget, and stakeholder.  - Identify budget and impacted stakeholders for project/program that builds to develop and implement future strategy planning.  ~ Brief PMO on project or program planning, timeliness, and/or status to meet AE project or program goals and objectives.   - Hold meetings with departmental directors and VPs to discuss upcoming projects/programs and give priorities to any upcoming requests for our sponsors.  ~ Administrator in JIRA and CHALK. IT PROJECT MANAGER & COORDINATOR ADAMS 12 FIVE STAR SCHOOLS July 2018 to March 2019 - Considered the onsite IT PM and Coordinator, which is hardware IT-based. This includes having an electrical understanding, troubleshooting experience, and knowledge base of current technology and options for schools.  - With my technical expertise, part of my collaboration with schools includes onsite troubleshooting and teacher end-user training; which provides high-level training to familiarize teachers with their new classroom technology.  - Works with many internal departments, maintaining relationships, and implementing the appropriate departments or crew to accomplish project milestones and schedule. Some of these internal stakeholders include; IT field team and system administrators, purchasing, finance, warehouse, engineers (electrical and infrastructure), and departmental managers.  - Some of the other internal stakeholders that are maintained with this IT project is teachers and Principals. Maintaining relationships and providing customer service to individual schools within the district and providing initial estimates, budget, and expertise for technology in classrooms and hold meetings to this effect. Meetings and outreach continue even after leaving a site to maintain relationships, issues log, and contingency spending.  - Provide electrical placement, power pulls, outlet location, and wall types for the new technology. Based on the initial walk through, I create maps in AutoCad for projector, electrical and equipment locations. This is also in collaboration with an Ethernet project, that pull Ethernet to projector and security camera projects. Different projects and PMs collaborating together to accomplish different Bond projects.  ~ As an onsite PM, I often do run through school walks with vendor electricians, construction crew, and IT A/V tech installers. Meeting with all stakeholders and communicating project requirements to meet project milestones and deadlines. This includes conducting project meetings and providing expert advice.  - A big part of my role within the instructional upgrade project is handling vendor selections. This includes; qualifying vendors to work with the district, placing vendor bids, gathering quotes, seller response, and awarding to the lowest bidder. I do create vendor qualifying matrix's, review boards, and contracts. Much of what I do is reviewed and edited.  - An even bigger part of my role, as the onsite PM, is to maintain the vendor relationships, monitor, and vendor coordination (awarding and creating scope of work). When questions arise onsite alongside with constructional issues, I am the first point of contact for vendors to make quick decisions that are in accordance with building code.  - Create network designs using Microsoft Visio and other network designing programs for vendors, infrastructure engineers, construction, and IT department. PROJECT MANAGER TYLER TECHONOLOGIES January 2018 to June 2018 As a Project Manager assigned to various clean up tasks, one of them being purchase orders, had entailed touching base with implementers, finance, clients, and other managers to effectively and efficiently coordinate projects and purchase order completion milestones. In this purchase order clean-up project, 101 purchase orders have been reduced significantly and maintained at 60 opened orders. This was done in merely a six-month period and within budget - saving the company time and money, while maintaining client satisfaction.  ~ Meet and monitor project deadlines in a large-scale environment. This means working with other departments and stakeholders with technical and nontechnical expertise in a project team-oriented environment. Working in the local government division, I have worked with over 100 clients to effectively communicate network and hardware capabilities to make milestone goals in a professional manner.  ~Work within a corporate setting that follow professional project management methods by following the best practices and tools for project execution and management. Another clean-up project I was assigned to was for our Changepoint management system, detailed best used project management practices in closing about 30 opened projects that were backlogged. Saved Tyler time and materials with projects opened since 2011, while also saving customer loyalty. AVIONIC ELECTRICAL TECHNITION U.S. Navy July 2011 to July 2015 Troubleshoot computer systems software. Such as, RADAR, ATFLIR, communication and telecommunication systems, and weapons systems. Where multitasking and prioritization was a must.  ~ Often wrote junior enlisted awards, evaluations, and brag sheets, which helped advance their careers. This required excellent verbal and written communicative skills. Have trained 16 personnel, 12 of which have successfully completed required electrical apprenticeship and allowed 4 of which advanced in rank.  ~ Often worked with diverse groups in teams and networked with other shops in professional business applications, where it was necessary to nurture relationships between cross-functional teams. A fighter jet was giving various cautions to multiple systems electrical and non-electrical. Together, working with other departments, we brought up a fighter jet not safe for flight. There was an allotted a time to repair issues and saving the military on a multi-million-dollar downed aircraft.  ~ Had to make quick and sound ethical and common-sense decisions for in-crisis situations. This also includes problem solving abilities, where I had to mitigate software, hardware, and network issues in a fast-paced working environment - requiring high attention to detail.  ~ Gained skills in leadership, where I had to demonstrate cross-functional leadership. To lead a team required top organizational skills, where workload needed to be mitigated, planned, and scheduled to be completed. After working with a junior technician, we fabricated a new video line necessary to be displayed on a computer system screen. The discrepancy was completed within allotted 5-hour window and saving 30,300 dollars in flight time for mission readiness.  ~Often worked independently as a resident electrical expert and headed many shop tasks. As publications lead, keen attention to detail allowed for the discovery of incorrect notations to current publications, which saved 3 months' worth of time and money.  ~ Secret Security Clearance Education Master's in Information Technology and Project Management COLORADO TECHNICAL UNIVERSITY - Aurora, CO January 2018 to June 2019 Bachelor's in BAS SOCIOLOGY UNIVERSITY OF COLORADO BOULDER - Boulder, CO August 2015 to December 2017 Skills Project Management, Customer Service Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/amanda-vincent-8b51175a Additional Information SKILLS  • IT & Project Management Expertise  • PMP hours toward certification  • Meeting project deadlines, financial expenses and budgets    • Trusted employee to handle over 1M in equipment  • Networking and electrical troubleshooting  • Microsoft Office Applications