IT Auditor <span class="hl">IT</span> Auditor IT Auditor Florissant, MO Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Auditor Boeing - St. Louis, MO September 2017 to Present Conduct assurance and advisory audits.   Control testing to support Sarbones-Oxley (SOX) compliance.  Provide senior management with independent and objective reports, evaluations, and recommendations.   Evaluate the reliability and effectiveness of operational controls/processes - ensuring the compliance to internal and external standards Sales Associate Orangetheory Fitness - Saint Charles, MO August 2017 to January 2018 • Maintains accurate records using established OTF sales systems  • Conducts telephone inquiries/follow up calls/customer care calls  • Establishes and maintains an effective referral program  • Leads OTF studio previews with prospects and/or fitness program holders  • Greets members and guests promptly, enthusiastically and with a smile to create a friendly positive entrance into the OTF studio  • Accurately follow the daily studio cleaning checklist ( pre/during/post ) shift activities  • Follow up and follow through activities with all prospective clients  • Responds immediately to member requests, inquiries and concerns  • Proper on-boarding all OTF clients through the use of Client Intake Forms and FP Agreements  • Works closely with Fitness Team to ensure that processes are fulfilled IT Project Manager The Boeing Company - St. Louis, MO June 2017 to September 2017 o Operations Portfolio Leader (encompasses 50+ analytic projects)  o Scrum Master over executive sponsored project  o Monitor Corporate portfolio TFS instance   o Create Project Plans to meet deliverables and organizational goals  o Manage budget baseline for Corporate portfolio  o Monitor Compliance standards  o Manage resources in IT portfolio  o Resolve project risks  o Manage onshore and offshore teams Project Manager (3rd Year Rotation) June 2016 Information Technology Career Foundation Program (ITCFP) June 2014 to June 2017 Create Project Plan for Global Infrastructure analytic efforts  ? Lead workshops and off-sites with analytic customers - ideation of business problems to possible strategic solution  ? Coordinating efforts to produce cost savings of $125 million.  ? Execute project management tasks including requirements definition by analyzing work functions, staff needs (resource requirements); utilize Prioritization [Decision Lens] - Desirability, Viability, Feasibility  ? Create and maintain Analytics & Information Management Business Engagement Tracking Tool  ? Generate and sustain Work Intake Form  ? Process modeling  ? Root cause analysis  ? Facilitation and negotiation by running team meetings and tracking team activities  ? Project Planning for process improvement activities  ? Management status reporting  ? Leverage internal and industry best practices - Utilize Agile Framework Scrum Master Role (2nd Year Rotation) June 2015 – June 2016 Boeing - St. Louis, MO June 2015 to June 2016 o Compliance Rep - Contributed to achieving 100% Pro-251 compliant for Engineering organization  o Lead 17 developers and business intelligence analysts through Agile Scrum sprints   o Facilitate daily scrum ceremonies, retrospective, and sprint kickoff meetings  o Support team by resolving obstacles and impediments  o Monitors and reports team productivity and progress to management   o Assist in building a team-oriented environment  o Coordinate with customers (Engineering) in determining project scope and schedule   o Lead a team of 6 using Kanban Methodology Functional Analyst | Project Manager Information Technology Career Foundation Program (ITCFP) June 2014 to June 2015 Led productive strategy session regarding resources transition to RUN  ? Tested key initiatives including 2013 server migration and system upgrades including visual studio 2013  ? Created and updated application documentation and test cases to ensure functionality in application  ? Translated user requirements into functional and technical specifications  ? Hosted weekly meeting System Analyst meetings  ? Led successful change from Waterfall to Agile Methodology  ? Collaborated with business partners and project managers to plan budget, technical insertions, and SOW for future iterations  ? Developed sourcing process improvements: Onboarding employee checklist, sourcing scorecard collection tool (supplier performance), weekly sourcing meetings with supplier, billing  ? Planned and managed purchase services (outsourcing) for a portfolio of 11 applications  ? On-boarded purchase service employees (from interviewing candidates to start date)  ? Planned/Organized weekly staff meetings Staff Consultant | Project Manager TeamingSolution - Chicago, IL June 2013 to April 2014 Perform training workshops with senior management participants  ? Software development  ? Database management (ETL)  ? Project coordination and management  ? Developed IT procedural documentation  ? Manage Student Information Systems  ? Participated in day-to-day help-desk support for on-site and off-site users Student Technician Southern Illinois University Housing - Carbondale, IL September 2012 to August 2013 Maintained campus TV station  ? Provided technical support to campus faculty (computer workstations)  ? Worked both independently and collaboratively with other technicians  ? Communicated effectively with technical and non-technical staff Education Masters in Management in Information Technology - Virtualization and Cloud Computing Management Lindenwood University July 2016 to December 2017 Bachelor of Applied Sciences and Arts in Information Systems Technology Southern Illinois University Carbondale - Carbondale, IL 2011 to 2014 Certificate - Business Management in Business University of Florida Certificate - IS/ IT Project Management in Information technology Villanova University Skills SOX, It Audit, Cisa, Auditing, Compliance Awards 2016 Modern Day Technology Leader Award Recipient 2016-02 These awardees are bright women and men who are shaping the future of engineering, science, and technology. Boeing Achievement Award 2016-05 Boeing ITCFP Graduate 2017-06 Information Technology Career Foundation 3 Year Program Certifications/Licenses Certified Information Systems Auditor (CISA) October 2018 to October 2021 Groups PMI Present Project Management Institute Additional Information Skills  ? Self-Starter  ? Great leadership skills - Earned team's trust regardless of Boeing work experience and motivate when appropriate through massive organizational changes  ? Good communication skills - Formed strong relationships with supplier representative to ensure top  quality purchase services and quick turnaround  ? Proactive problem solver