Engagement Manager - Pharmaceutical Division Engagement <span class="hl">Manager</span> - Pharmaceutical Division Engagement Manager - Pharmaceutical Division - Aera Technology Westford, MA Work Experience Engagement Manager - Pharmaceutical Division Aera Technology - Mountain View, CA May 2016 to Present • Collaborates with Brand Supply Leaders, Market Analytics teams, etc to gather requirements and design and enhance relevant BI and AI cognitive solutions to derive rapid business value.  • Owns and deploys transformational value driven solutions to clients from a project, functional and technical delivery aspect while acting as the single point of contact and trusted advisor between Aera and the customer.  • Understands supply chain data and logistics processes and how to apply innovative thought processes and technology to derive value and improvement.  • Leads design of Supply Chain Maps Custom Visualization skill used across multiple Fortune 500 pharmaceutical clients.  • Contributes to developing existing clients alongside Sales and Renewal Executives through project road-mapping aligning with internal product pipeline and identifying upsell opportunities and user license increase.  • Contributes to development of internal products (Self-Driving Supply Chain Maps) and trains internal team members on deployment and change management procedures to assist in implementation of Aera across multiple clients.  • Collaborates with product team to drive product improvements and direction while minimizing risk and interacts with other parties such as consultants, APP Developers, UX Designers and system integrators for all project-related topics.  • Sets up each new project for success by creating the project plan, staffing the project with appropriate resources, acting as an SME and setting up the PMO with communications and governance models.  • Ensures project requirements are understood by Aera resources and delivered on-time and in accordance with customer expectations and Statement of Work (SOW).  • Manages project resources, track progress via KPIs and escalate as required.  • Estimates and documents project requirements for deliverables and SOWs.  • Plans and runs meetings and workshops with clients and and supports user trainings and client launches.  • Integrations with Pharmaceutical SAP and other data sources in the areas of Supply Chain Lead Times (MM), Accounting, Infrastructure, Corporate Quality, Sales Operations, Inventory and Warehouse Management, Forecasting and Demand Planning and Corporate KPIs. Commercial IT Functional Analyst (Veeva Network MDM / CRM) Hawkins Point Partners at Biogen - Weston, MA June 2015 to May 2016 • Performs BA and Functional Lead responsibilities on HCP, HCO Payer and Patient MDM Commercial IT migration and integration projects through development, SIT, UAT, production deployment and hyper-care phases.  • Develops User, Business, Functional, Design and Technical Requirements for implementation of new projects and enhancements to existing US and Global Commercial IT initiatives for MDM and CRM systems to support Sales, Marketing and BI reporting.  • Collaborates with ETL developers, support team and vendors to develop technical specifications, execute batches during system test phases and mitigate defects.  • Proficient in Life Cycle document management in MyCims and HP ALM applications.  • Coordinates UAT testing activities including UAT resource management (onshore/offshore), project planning, test case creation, test case execution, defect tracking (Salesforce Tracker and HP ALM), defect remediation, test summary reporting and approval processes.  • Developed Veeva Network Data Steward Training Materials for the global affiliate Veeva network CRM launch (JP, ANZ, Latin America) and delivered the training courses for Global business partners and data stewards on all aspects of the SalesforceCRM application.  • Communicates directly with global affiliates and internal business partners to understand new business needs and change requests relevant to future releases of existing Commercial applications and provides technical solutions to meet business requests.  • Gathers and reports future project business needs from business stakeholders and global affiliates to plan for AOP (Annual Operating Expense) budget planning. Veeva Business Analyst / Administrator - Commercial Applications Team Lexington, MA April 2015 to June 2015 - Temp Contract Role  • Manages global HCP and HCO accounts including profile information, hierarchy, unique identifiers, territory alignments and affiliation data in Veeva Network MDM.  • Generates ad hoc and recurring reports, data analysis and presentations for various internal business stakeholders and global Field Team Management.  • Supports individual Field Team members in Veeva Network CRM training and account quality initiatives via weekly field meetings and one on one interaction as needed.  • Collaborates with Synageva stakeholders and external Veeva Support team to drive business initiatives.  • Understands and supports the varying needs of US and International field forces.  • Performs commercial account creation in Veeva Network and updates to Veeva Network Internal Customer Master through Apex data Loader.  • Experience with Veeva Open Data, internal customer master records and Cegedim data.  • Provided thought leadership to the Data Warehouse "build team" pertaining to Customer Master Data Management and Veeva Network Integration. Business Operations Analyst / Ad Hoc team Project Manager HighPoint Solutions at Ironwood Pharmaceuticals - Cambridge, MA May 2014 to April 2015 Commercial Data Environment Team  • Performed a client centric functional lead role representing HPS which maintained IRWDs Commercial Data Environment. The position was a bridge to support requests from internal business stakeholders including Sales Ops, Compliance, Sales operations IT (Veeva/Salesforce), Finance, Marketing, Management, Business Intelligence (Reporting Analytics), HR IT and outside business partners such as Veeva (MDM), IMS, and Actavis (Linzess co-promote partner).  • Monitored and initiated service requests in the ServiceNow ticket tracking application to prioritize stakeholder requests and track SLAs.  • Presented monthly to the IRWD client the previous month's incident metrics to identify trends and service improvement opportunities.  • Collaborated with developers to create adhoc and recurring reports for a wide variety of business stakeholders across a multitude of data sets (IMS prescription, co-promote calls (finance), HCP targeting, IC Comp, Event data, Managed Market, marketing data, etc). Process included requirements gathering, documentation, SLA scheduling implementation, QC and delivery.  • Followed Standard Operation Procedures (SOP's) and managed scheduling of delivery timelines to assure quality assurance and timely delivery of information.  • QC's data between CDE and BI Reporting tool IQ2020 and supported the launch of the BI reporting tool MicroStrategy.  • Partnered closely with Information Technology and various vendors to ensure flawless implementation and execution of business rules, processing procedures, and validation processes.  • Worked with Data Providers to capture and integrate sales and call data including priority level and sample / marketing material distribution for use in internal deliverables such as Field Reporting, Incentive Compensation, Analysis, and Targeting.  • Investigated and resolved data questions/inquiries from the field and internal partners. Escalates data questions to external vendors and coordinates reconciliation. Creates solutions to data issues in a timely manner.  • Executed change documentation, regression testing, implementation and RFC (Change Control) submissions.  • Managed relationships and collaborated with external vendors to reconcile data between systems.  • Coordinated multiple daily meetings with the IT data team and business partners to defines, prioritize and execute daily work flow. Commercial IT Decision Support Data Steward Cubist Pharmaceuticals for Aerotek Scientific - Lexington, MA September 2012 to July 2014 - Contract Role  • Developed standard data maintenance rules, procedures and documentation to support the data cleanup initial of HCP and HCO account in Commercial IT systems (Oracle, Siperian and VeevaCRM) to ensure compliance with federal spend governance rules (Sunshine Act).  • Managed incoming sales and market data in Oracle and Informatica (Siperian) applications including daily linking to direct accounts, creation of upload files for new account groups and new products, reporting as it pertains to monthly and quarterly data files from external vendors.  • Acted as primary business contact for the Sales Team and Market Access group carrying out all responsibilities related to SalesForce.com (Veeva) profile management of HCP and HCO accounts including new profile requests and change request.  • Reviewed the Marketing database and addressed inaccuracies with client contact information such as incomplete data, duplicate contacts and incorrectly linked data sources.  • Managed HCP and HCO affiliations  • Direct point of escalation for all customer related sales reporting and alignment inconsistencies.  • Updated Quarterly zip code to territory alignments in Oracle Support Cognos BI reporting and updated zip to territory alignments in Veeva CRM.  • Supported Medical Affairs team members to ensure rapid turnaround time on new HCP account creations.  • Compiled data to assist the marketing team in new product marketing.  • Assisted database architects and administrators with trouble-shooting and performed new database platform testing and validation.  • Managed the external vendor relationship with Highpoint Solutions and trained their data stewards. Supply Chain Associate September 2013 to February 2014 • Properly identified, classified and archived documents (origination, manufacturing, shipment, temperature, customs and delivery documentation) to ensure compliance with GMP standards.  • Conferred with document originators in order to resolve discrepancies. Education Bachelor's