IT Apprenticeship Program <span class="hl">IT</span> Apprenticeship Program IT Apprenticeship Program - Department of Labor La Mesa, CA Work Experience IT Apprenticeship Program Department of Labor - San Diego, CA September 2018 to Present • Installation, configuration and maintenance of desktop and laptop PCs and peripheral devices, applications, operating system software and upgrades.  • Technical support and troubleshooting to help users resolve PC issues.  • Analysis of network connectivity issues.  • Perform back-ups, virus scans, and maintenance of security settings.  • Knowledge of network configuration and administration as well as LAN/WAN protocols.  • Knowledge of protection and eradication against various security threats, malware, vulnerabilities and attacks.  • Configuring and Enterprise Desktop Support Technician training and certifications.  • Gaining competencies aligned within CompTIA Network+, Security+ and Windows 7-10. Project Lead WIS International 2017 to 2018 • Configure, deploy, maintain, troubleshoot and support workstations, mobile devices, phones and other telecommunications equipment.  • Employed MS Excel and Natural Insights programs to gather essential information, identify and analyze patterns, and interpret trends in data to achieve project milestones.  • Assisted, trained, and communicated technical information to employees regarding new applications and software.  • Effectively developed detailed work plans, executed project plans, and tracked project progress.  • Identified discrepancies and implemented mitigating actions to facilitate customer requirements.  • Led and managed operational management teams to enable successful completion of projects to include status meetings, reviewing project schedules, requests, preparing and briefing senior executive level leaders. Information Systems Technician | Operations/ Project Manager McCarthy Farms - Benson, MN 2012 to 2016 • Establish and maintain user accounts, user-related network resources, files, security access protocols and systems in SharePoint for a 4000-acre family farm.  • Demonstrate expertise with the installation, configuration, imaging, testing, upgrading, maintenance and troubleshooting of computer systems, peripheral devices, and network operations.  • Provide software installations and assist users of various levels of computer knowledge in operating existing software (Office 365).  • Maintain highly-responsive hardware and software support services for end users to ensure issues are addressed and resolved timely and efficiently.  • Planned, coordinated, monitored, and established control measures within MS Project to meet farm-related project requirements.  • Conducted briefings and meetings via Skype.  • Document procedures, standards, best practices configurations, settings, installation sequences and back-out instructions. Operations Specialist | Information Systems Technician United States Navy - San Diego, CA 2006 to 2010 • Manage security options and software in computers and networks to maintain privacy and protection from attacks.  • Troubleshoot system failures or bugs and provide solutions to restore functionality and perform regular upgrades and patches to ensure systems remain updated.  • Install, configure, test, maintain, and upgrade computers and peripheral devices in secure spaces.  • Arrange maintenance sessions to identify and remove inefficiencies.  • Orchestrate personnel assignments and provide comprehensive training, provide logistical and operational support to ensure optimal productivity, efficiency, and mission readiness. Education Certification University of Phoenix Bachelor's in Business Administration and Project Management University of Phoenix - San Diego, CA Electrical Engineering/Powerline Technician Minnesota West Community College - Jackson, MN Construction Management - Blueprints and Schematics Alexandria Technical College - Alexandria, MN Skills Autocad (Less than 1 year), Linux (Less than 1 year), Microsoft office (Less than 1 year), Microsoft project (5 years), Microsoft sharepoint (5 years), Microsoft windows (Less than 1 year), Ms office (Less than 1 year), Sharepoint (5 years), Comptia, Desktop Support, Help Desk Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/jordonjhagen Military Service Branch: United States Navy Rank: E-4 Additional Information SKILLS    Software: Microsoft Office (2007, 2010, 2016, 365), Microsoft Project, SharePoint  Operating Systems: Microsoft Windows; 95, 98, XP, Vista, 7-10/Linux  AutoCAD: (computer-aided design)