Director of Innovation and Informatics/Sr. Director of IT Director of Innovation and Informatics/Sr. Director of <span class="hl">IT</span> Director of Innovation and Informatics/Sr. Director of IT - EL CENTRO REGIONAL MEDICAL CENTER San Diego, CA Work Experience Director of Innovation and Informatics/Sr. Director of IT EL CENTRO REGIONAL MEDICAL CENTER - El Centro, CA 2018 to Present Key Accomplishments:  * Exceptional leadership of 27 employees and IT operations supporting 1200 users; brilliantly oversaw the opening of a new medical office building and education center, successfully implementing Cisco telecom, Win 10, cloud PACS and other innovative tech for four medical offices and UCSD specialty services.  * Superior management of nine separate EMR's with no single interface cooping $1.2 in Meaningful Use dollars and >$3M for the Public Hospital Redesign and Incentives in Medi-Cal (PRIME) program.  * Launched IT Governance to focus IT strategic planning, project approval and prioritization and to facilitate the achievement of corporate objectives through management of business risks, integrated enterprise value chain and compliance with internal policies, selected industry standards and external laws and regulations.  * Chief executor of the informatics team; propelled data analytics to the forefront of the facility with executive dashboards creating transparency that lead to significant cost savings in each department.  * Realigned Infosec and Cyber Security from Compliance to the CIO, per industry standards, ensuring technical oversight of this role; increased staffing budget to meet standard technician-to-user ratios and added technical roles required to support the network infrastructure and application management.  Director of Innovation and Informatics  Reporting to the CIO, directed, designed, and implemented teams working on El Centro Regional Medical Center's (ECRMC) information management projects for informatics, health information exchange, other innovation projects, and system integrations of all required external database systems. Oversaw the data quality of all data required for ECRMC's internal applications and interfaces for external applications databases, as required for reporting, and electronic exchange of confidential information. Manager, Application Management/ Project Manager SHARP HEALTH PLAN - San Diego, CA 2014 to 2018 Key Accomplishments:  * Hand selected and brilliantly managed a diverse IT service team, including a Service Desk, comprised of developers, system admins, business analysts, application support specialists, QA analysts, trainers and technicians, assigning the resources and delegating tasks based upon experience and knowledge, and ensuring the highest levels of customer service to internal and external customers.  * Introduced and standardized application support methodologies consistent with ITIL best practices for support of 47 unique and cross-functional systems and applications including incident and problem management.  * Expertly managed the configuration and implementation of a new SFTP platform providing secure electronic data interface (EDI) transfers with trading partners (TPA).  * Spearheaded the successful implementation of SAAS HealthEdge product suite after a 3-year planning and testing process, which led to process improvements across all facets of the organization.  * Implemented Service Cloud, executing the introduction of Shield enhancing SalesForce user security.  Project Manager  Reporting directly to the CFO, hand-picked to plan, budget, manage, schedule and document multiple projects for the Sharp Health Plan, liaising between stakeholders and the lead consultant for the administration system to ensure each project matched the needs and requirements of the organization. Utilized PM best practices, leadership meeting cadences and high-level project reporting in an agile environment. Superintendent, Information Management/Information Technology HQ Pacific Air Force, Pearl Harbor-Hickam, HI 2010 to 2013 2010 - 2013  Superintendent, Information Management/Information Technology  Key Accomplishments:  * Oversaw annual budget of $130Million to update the hardware, software and maintain IT staffing for the nine Pacific Air Force hospitals and the Surgeon General's headquarters.  * Managed IT Helpdesk of 30 contract staff remotely supporting over 4000 users across the Pacific.  * Conceived, strategically planned, and directed a $4.4Million project to purchase and replace out-of-warranty IT equipment in the hospitals, tracking the progress and maintaining complex documentation. Non-Commissioned Officer In-Charge, Information Assurance Branch USAF OFFICE OF THE AIR FORCE SURGEON GENERAL - Falls Church, VA 2009 to 2010 Key Accomplishments:  * Closely monitored costs and expenses to maintain a $5Million budget for quality assurance, allocating funds to install and deploy an encryption system for compliance with HIPAA and PHI.  * Led a complex review and update of 160 systems in the Enterprise Information Technology Data Repository ensuring cyber security requirements were met for all healthcare IT systems in use by the AF. Education Master of Business and Healthcare Administration in Business and Healthcare Administration American Intercontinental University 2013 Bachelor of Information Technology in Information Technology American Intercontinental University 2012 Skills Hipaa, Security, Information security, Project lifecycle, Budgeting, Cost reduction, Program management, Six sigma, Vendor management, Recruitment, Process improvement, Vmware, Customer Service, IT Management, Itil, Strategic Planning Additional Information Areas of Expertise & Profile  * Motivational Leadership  * IT Program Management  * Six Sigma  * Project Management  * Vendor Management    * Full Project Lifecycle Management  * Budgeting & Cost Reduction  * Stakeholder Communication  * Process Improvement    * Staff Recruitment & Development  * Data & Information Security (HIPAA)  * Resource Allocation  * Negotiations & Contracting