Affiliate Broker Affiliate Broker Real Estate/ Project Manager Nashville, TN Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Affiliate Broker EXIT Realty of the South - Nashville, TN April 2016 to Present April 2019 to Present  Responsibilities include representing buyers and sellers in real estate transactions. Networking with other Realtors, lenders and home builders to drive business. Create and implement marketing strategies to generate leads and close real estate. Market Manager Drees Homes, Nashville Division - Nashville, TN February 2016 to April 2019 Responsibilities included on-site sales of new construction built-to-order homes and market (spec) homes, community management and work in all sales applications. Built-to-order and market home sales include pricing, reading plat maps, plot plans and construction drawings, draw up semi-custom design requests and change orders. Networking with agents and potential buyers to drive traffic to the community. Create and implement marketing strategies to generate leads and close real estate. Worked with developers and HOA. Analysis of competition to community. Also worked with builder and vendors in the field for home readiness and conducted homeowner orientations with buyers one week prior to closing. Project Manager American Residential Properties - Nashville, TN February 2015 to February 2016 Responsibilities included creating scope of work and estimating bids for vendors at initial re-hab and turns for single and multi- family homes. Created punch list and performed quality inspections. Worked with corporate acquisitions and vendors to complete projects on time and within budget and to high standards. Operated and maintained company vehicle, tools and truck-stock inventory. Home Inspector/Owner Archstone Property Inspections - Nashville, TN October 2013 to February 2015 Responsibilities included performing home inspections and providing reports to home buyers and sellers per the State of Tennessee standards of practice. Radon, Mold and Air Quality ancillary services offered. Networked with Realtors, lenders and home builders to drive business. IT Technical Support LKQ Corporation - Nashville, TN September 2012 to September 2013 Responsibilities included providing technical support for the company's network and VOIP systems at point of sales locations. Troubleshooting to resolve the issue or escalate to a higher level. Education Computer Networking Technology Nashville State Community College - Nashville, TN Skills Maintenance, budget, Scheduling, Estimating, Outlook Certifications/Licenses Tennessee Real Estate License April 2016 to April 2020