Senior Account Manager Senior Account <span class="hl">Manager</span> Structured Cabling/ IT Service Project Manager - American Data Tel Port Jefferson Station, NY Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior Account Manager Temptress Jewelry Designs - New York, NY February 2018 to July 2019 Organized facilities and details for business networking segments of events, providing engaging and creative leadership for all client accounts. Prepared pricing packages, serving as primary point of contact for business attendees.  ·       Designed and developed sales and marketing collateral, including invitations, press kits, and brochures.  ·       Prepared event facilities, creating floor plans and supervising crew of five in set up and tear down, ensuring compliance with safety standards and regulatory requirements.  ·       Implemented marketing plan, boosting interest and work by 65%. Structured Cabling/ IT Service Project Manager American Data Tel - Patchogue, NY June 2014 to December 2017 Coordinate delivery of service projects, including structured cabling projects and IT service calls, scheduling projects and preparing invoices for services rendered. Prepare documentation, including tax structures and insurance documentation.  • Manage and maintain vendor relationships, negotiating cost-effective contracts for essential services and support, preparing purchase orders, and authorizing approvals.  • Play key role in account reconciliations, ensuring accurate expense reporting compliant with regulatory requirements.  • Monitor, control and support service projects; ensuring systems, methodologies, and procedures are in place and followed correctly.  • Oversee payroll processing, coordinating data-processing system for payroll to ensure system operates efficiently, effectively, and accurately.  • Maintain accounts payable and receivable, resolving account discrepancies and issuing appropriate adjustments.  • Grow business, onboarding 10 additional customers and building crews in 12 states. Energy Efficiency Administrative Assistant Murtha Construction - West Islip, NY July 2011 to January 2013 Streamlined workflow process, developing continuous process improvements to increase profitability and productivity. Scheduled energy assessments provided by government regulatory agencies; served as primary point of contact for external auditors and program director. Directed marketing campaigns.  • Processed paperwork for energy assessments, installations, and completed work, including weatherization work loan financing.  • Managed accounts payable and receivable, resolving account discrepancies and issuing appropriate adjustments.  • Oversaw payroll processing, coordinating data-processing system for payroll to ensure system operates efficiently, effectively, and accurately. Director of Sales and Marketing/ Event Coordinating Director Jamba Productions - New York, NY May 2009 to May 2011 Organized facilities and details for business networking segments of events, providing engaging and creative leadership for all client accounts. Prepared pricing packages, serving as primary point of contact for business attendees.  • Designed and developed sales and marketing collateral, including invitations, press kits, and brochures.  • Prepared event facilities, creating floor plans and supervising crew of five in set up and tear down, ensuring compliance with safety standards and regulatory requirements.  • Implemented marketing plan, boosting interest and work by 65%. Education Long Island Nail and Skin Institute - Levittown, NY 2013 Associate of Applied Science in Business Suffolk Community College - Selden, NY 2009 Skills accounts payable (5 years), AUTOMATED PAYROLL (5 years), marketing (3 years), payroll (5 years), payroll processing (5 years), PM, PMP Certifications/Licenses Driver's License Additional Information Areas of Expertise include:  * Project Scheduling * Payroll Processing  * Vendor Management * Accounts Payable/Receivable  * Contract Negotiations * Marketing Collateral  * Financial Functions  * Sales    * Team Management  * Marketing