Junior IT Project Manager Junior <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Junior IT Project Manager - The Goal Inc / Deloitte Consulting LLP Perry Hall, MD Dynamic professional with experience leading and supporting multiple technology development and  service delivery projects. Effective communicator with skills in project management, planning, process  improvement, and stakeholder management. Passionate about engaging people, processes and technology,  and ensuring successful project completion to drive efficiency and positive impacting results.  Proficient with Microsoft Office, ERP & MRP, and Waterfall Methodology & Agile frameworks.  Clearance: Public Trust Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Junior IT Project Manager The Goal Inc / Deloitte Consulting LLP July 2018 to Present U.S. Census Bureau; 2020 Decennial  ? Leverage and support Program level IT management processes such as ITIL processes  ? Facilitate meetings between project stakeholders.  ? Create and edit presentations, updating formatting, and providing visual inputs  ? Work closely with PMO and provide status updates on project activities  ? Support executives in planning, reporting, communications, and the creations of deliverables  ? Support PMO with schedule and risk management for the 2020 ICC by developing a Program  Level Risk Register to track and monitor all risks on program side  ? Monitor program schedule to identify status, progress, and any key information of each tasks  throughout the work order  ? Develop implementation strategies, formulate project plans, and address specific engagement  issues, in collaboration with middle- and senior-level client personnel  ? Attend weekly risk review meetings to brainstorm, identify, and review risks on the program level  ? Meet with leadership weekly to collaborate, identify, resolve, and/or elevate ICC Challenges IT Project Manager CCL Label June 2017 to July 2018 Observe and gather data requirements on daily operations  ? Planned, built, and maintained IT Department using SDLC  ? Analyzed and streamlined processes using technology and eliminating redundancy by moving  work process to a digital platform  ? Create data analysis reports and charts based on efficiency and effectiveness  ? Assist with developing project proposals to implement new systems  ? Identify issues, gather system requirements, and make recommendations to leadership for system  process improvement  ? Manage IT Projects from start to end to ensure work quality improvement for 100 employees  ? Work with Business Process Improvement Manager to redesign current operating processes  ? Maintain and administer IT network, security, and stability day to day  ? Communicate and hold weekly meetings with team to monitor project status and direction  ? Develop and support Program level IT management processes  ? Present findings and conclusions for Projects to executive level management Marketing Intern AARP June 2016 to December 2016 Designed training content for staff member and volunteers  ? Designed, create, and maintain online/digital marketing including but not limited to social media  ? Matched volunteer recruiting requirements by studying organization plans and meeting with supervisors  ? Coordinated and manage logistics for volunteer recruitment events IT Business Analyst & Sales Management Intern American Standard Jewelers September 2015 to February 2016 Lead project to implement ERP system in multiple locations through collaboration  ? Lead team and divided tasks to ensure successful on time implementation of ERP system that  allowed the business to move to a digital cloud platform and become paperless  ? Created a project plan identifying the issues and needs of management  ? Communicated with team members and management daily providing constant updates to move  project forward  ? Networked point of sale systems for all locations weekly  ? Improved, redesigned, measured, and monitored day to day processes to increase efficiency and effectiveness Education Bachelor of Science in Business Administration TOWSON UNIVERSITY Skills SDLC (1 year), NETWORKING, MICROSOFT PROJECT, OPERATIONS (1 year), RISK MANAGEMENT (Less than 1 year), Information Technology, Waterfall, PM, Project Management, CSM, Itil Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS    Skills: Excellent communication (written and oral), Project/Operations Management, Strategic Planning,  Leadership, Team player, Public Speaking, Time Management, Effective Listening, Problem Solving,  Cultural Sensitivity, Organized, Reliable, Versatile, Analytical Reporting, Presentations, Business  Process, Data Grooming, Risk Management, SDLC    Technical: Microsoft Office, Microsoft Visio, Microsoft Project, Adobe: Photoshop, Illustrator, Acrobat,  IT Networking, Troubleshooting, Windows, Mac OS  Language: Fluent in Urdu, Hindi, and Punjabi