Operations Team Member Operations Team Member Operations Team Member - FOLLET LEARNING Santa Rosa, CA Highly motivated and astute professional with broad-based experience in computer systems support, installation support, fiber optics project management and software installations. Work Experience Operations Team Member Follett Higher Education Group - Santa Rosa, CA December 2018 to June 2019 Santa Rosa  • Managing and shelving merchandise, pulling and packaging merchandise for return to vendors.  • Managing online orders, picking, process and packing orders for shipping in accordance with Retail Store Operations.  • Taking inventory as needed.  • Providing customer service/sales functions in store.  • Answering phone calls and resolving customer online inquiries or direct calls for appropriate resolution.  • Operating cash register and tabulating transactions and processing discounts as appropriate. Field Service Engineer / Project /Roll-out manager 21ST CENTURY TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED - Lagos, NG 2014 to July 2018 • Developed project deployment strategies, business and risk analyses, budgeting and forecasting, and resource allocation for assigned projects.  • Managed teams in project planning and implementation.  • Was responsible for fault analysis and troubleshooting streamlining workflow which reduced downtime experienced by clients significantly  • Was responsible for last-mile Circuit provisioning and circuit cut over with 30 minutes' maximum downtime  • Kept events records in logs and handled daily fault resolution and regional project completion reporting  • Provided remote and onsite support for switching and transmission departments to determine appropriate action based on the issues/details provided. Student Job Placement Securitay limited - Dundee June 2012 to September 2012 • Was a member of the team of 3 that conducted a network upgrade for Securitay limited, Dundee United Kingdom.  • We were recruited by education into enterprise Scotland to perform a feasibility study for the requirements for up upgrade on the client's network infrastructure.  • We conducted regular meetings and site surveys on client's premises to understand their needs and determine where the existing infrastructure falls short of these needs.  • We presented our reports in a seminar at with the clients and placements coordinators in attendance giving out hard and soft copies  • We subsequently followed up with the client to determine the best approach for implementation of our findings. IT SUPPORT VFS GLOBAL SERVICES LIMITED - Lagos, NG November 2010 to August 2011 • Provided hardware and software troubleshooting for back office, taking responsibility for coordinating support for over 80 company staff at the UK Visa Application center  • Responsible liaising with the remote support for second level escalations  • Maintained network and servers to ensure there is little or no unscheduled downtime at the UK Visa Application center  • Researched and resolved application problems.  • Monitored applications and performance.  • Configured new IT hardware including biometric devices, printers and desktops.  • Researched and made requisition for the purchase of new hardware and software to meet the company's requirements, ensuring that the company inventory was regularly updated.  • Provided a point of coordination and contact for remote IT support team and third-party service providers.  • Ensured no downtime on all local/web-based application and processes supporting the UK Visa Application center. System Engineer SYSTEM MAINTENANCE SERVICES LIMITED - Lagos, NG June 2009 to October 2010 • Coordinated the Installation and maintenance of campus-wide CCTV and other security surveillance equipment for Babcock University Ogun State, Babcock University Guest House Abuja, Babcock University Old supermarket Ogun State.  • Researched and purchase new hardware and for installations  • Maintained warehouse and inventory  • Conducted Project risk assessment and project personnel management  • Provided advice on the management of installations  • Responsible for negotiating and agreeing on project objectives with management  • Coordinated the maintenance and upgrade of client desktop machines Education IT Support Certificate in Computer Studies Santa Rosa Junior College - Santa Rosa, CA August 2018 to May 2019 Certification in Google Analytics Individual Qualification Google Analytics Academy - Santa Rosa, CA 2018 Masters in Research University of Abertay Dundee - Dundee 2013 Occupational Health and Safety Certification in Ministry of Health Oyo State - ibadan 2010 Certificate in Telecommunication Engineering Lagos State 2008 CCNA Cisco Training Institute/Breakthrough Computer Training Institute 2007 Bachelor of Science in (BSc), Biochemistry Ambrose Alli University 2005 High school or equivalent in O Levels Babcock University High School - Ogun State February 1995 to June 1999 Skills leadership skills (Less than 1 year), Maintenance (1 year), project planning (4 years), Customer Service, Desktop Support, Service Desk, Help Desk, Active Directory, Tech Support, IoT (1 year), Linux system Administrator (Less than 1 year), Cloud Computing (Less than 1 year), MAC Awards Robert Elton Leith CTE 2019-07 Career Technical Education Scholarship, awarded by SRJC to Continuing and Transferring Students for 2019/20 Academic Session Certifications/Licenses Google Analytics August 2018 to August 2019 CCNA November 2007 to October 2010 IT Service Desk: Customer Service Fundamentals July 2019 to Present IT Service Desk: Management Fundamentals June 2019 to Present Programming Foundations: Fundamentals April 2019 to Present BigCommerce Essentials Training August 2019 to Present Introduction to AWS for NON-Engineers: 1 Cloud Concepts July 2019 to Present AWS Cloud Practitioner Essentials (Second Edition) August 2019 to Present Window 10: Troubleshooting for IT support August 2019 to Present Migrating to Windows 10 for Small Businesses August 2019 to Present Assessments Technical Support Skills — Highly Proficient March 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to apply protocols to identify errors and solutions in order to maintain system function. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/lks9gyipd2zdhh92 Written Communication — Proficient March 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to convey written information using proper grammar rules. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/kxdqsgp6g-cvovt1 Verbal Communication — Highly Proficient March 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to effectively convey information when speaking. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/dptlx5m0ldsrpq6w Problem Solving — Highly Proficient March 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to analyze relevant information when solving problems. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/yocunz7qwbyzjs9r Basic Computer Skills: PC — Expert April 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to perform basic computer operations, navigate a Windows OS, and troubleshoot common computer problems. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/hjmyplnfnrv2nsqb Call Center Customer Service — Highly Proficient May 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to demonstrate customer service skills in a call center setting. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/cszcqnckm-xox-n2 Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Groups National Society for Leadership and Success May 2019 to Present Sigma Alpha Pi Publications Biofilm formation and cellulose expression by Bordetella avium 197N, the causative agent of bordetellosis in birds and an opportunistic respiratory pathogen in humans https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0923250817300177?via%3Dihub 2017-01 Although bacterial cellulose synthase (bcs) operons are widespread within the Proteobacteria phylum, subunits required for the partial-acetylation of the polymer appear to be restricted to a few ?-group soil, plant-associated and phytopathogenic pseudomonads, including Pseudomonas fluorescens SBW25 and several Pseudomonas syringae pathovars. However, a bcs operon with acetylation subunits has also been annotated in the unrelated ?-group respiratory pathogen, Bordetella avium 197N. Our comparison of subunit protein sequences and GC content analyses confirms the close similarity between the B. avium 197N and pseudomonad operons and suggests that, in both cases, the cellulose synthase and acetylation subunits were acquired as a single unit. Using static liquid microcosms, we can confirm that B. avium 197N expresses low levels of cellulose in air-liquid interface biofilms and that biofilm strength and attachment levels could be increased by elevating c-di-GMP levels like the pseudomonads, but cellulose was not required for biofilm formation itself. The finding that B. avium 197N is capable of producing cellulose from a highly-conserved, but relatively uncommon bcs operon raises the question of what functional role this modified polymer plays during the infection of the upper respiratory tract or survival between hosts, and what environmental signals control its production. Cellulose Expression in Pseudomonas fluorescens SBW25 and Other Environmental Pseudomonads https://www.intechopen.com/books/cellulose-medical-pharmaceutical-and-electronic-applications/cellulose-expression-in-pseudomonas-fluorescens-sbw25-and-other-environmental-pseudomonads 2013-08 Additional Information Competences    Linux system Admin  Basic scripting with JavaScript  IT Network infrastructure technical support.  IT project planning, implementation, documentation and review.  Excellent communication and leadership skills  Desktop Support  Hardware Maintenance, repairs and upgrades  Customer-oriented service delivery.  Data analytics.