Assistant Manager Assistant <span class="hl">Manager</span> Assistant Manager - Iron Mountain Little Falls, NJ • Motivated individual with ability to communicate with people from diverse professional, Ethnic, and socio-economic backgrounds;  • Work proficiently in a detail-oriented, timeline driven environment  • Tools: MS PowerPoint, MS Excel, MS Word, MS Visio, Outlook.  • 1+ years of using SQL to investigate and understand datasets  • Experience of working as part of a Scrum team Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Assistant Manager Iron Mountain June 2019 to Present Customer Relationship Management:  - Promote and maintain a high standard of customer service and client relationship management ensuring excellent reputation of the Iron Mountain brand is established and maintained at all times.  - Ensure comprehensive Communications Strategy is clearly defined and is updated to all relevant Iron Mountain personnel, and is monitored for compliance thereafter.  - Manage client feedback and non-conformance procedures relating specifically to key issues raised that are deemed damaging or threatening to the client relationship or commercial deliverables.    Business Coordination:  - Liaise closely with key members of the IDS Operations group and managers of the involved imaging facilities, ensuring that consistent communications in regards to service performance and client activity are properly maintained and understood.  - Monitor ongoing workloads to ensure that senior management are kept informed of any potential issues arising and ensure that relevant resources are available at time and place of need.  - Coordinate with relevant IDS Operations group members to agree, plan and organize detailed production schedules and priorities to meet or exceed client expectations.    Quality Assurance and Continuous Improvement:  - Ensure that accurate process workflows are created for each contract, covering all aspects of service delivery.  - Undertake investigation and report on any non-conformance incident received from clients or raised from within Iron Mountain in regards to major service failure or breach of contract.  - With IDS Operations Manager and other Service Managers identify business improvements relating to the processing and production of IGDS products and services through close monitoring and interrogation of market and competitor activity. Project Engineer Construction Information Systems April 2018 to April 2019 • Maintains procedures, rules, and regulations & contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed.  • Undertakes survey initiatives; Reviews, analyzes and interprets responses, identifies problems/issues and prepares conclusions to support analysis and development of companies mission.  • Develops project objectives for all the assigned projects by reviewing project proposals and plans, prepares project status reports by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing information and trends.  • Interact daily with employees to interpret their needs and requirements; Assign responsibilities and mentor project team, be a resource to a number of departments.  • Cooperate and communicate effectively with executive team members and other project participants to provide assistance and technical support.  • Assists in performing system design, development and product verification testing on control systems, software, hardware, and equipment  • Work as a part of the team and communicate effectively with software developers, product managers and other staff  • Work closely with the development and product teams and clearly communicates with all stakeholders in the management and progress of projects  • Collaborate and provide business analysis support to the product owner, business sponsors, SMEs and testers during development  • Answer ad hoc questions and provide clarification/direction to development and support teams regarding user stories and functions. Strategic Product Coordinator Agro Fork (Private) Ltd March 2015 to November 2017 • Worked in liaison with the board to keep them informed on timely basis of significant and important issues; further assisted in companies audit and strategic meetings.  • Applying good judgment in balancing and advocating for the use of agile delivery concepts and business analysis tools and techniques  • Support short and long term operational / strategic business activities through analysis, review, forecasting, and trending complex data  • Establish time schedules; Prepared for annual audit.  • Manage the long and short-term profitability of the business through the following;  * Establish pricing strategy to maximize growth, profit and market penetration while, and ensure that plans are delivered on-time and on-budget.  * Assist in long and short-term sales, inventory, and delivery plans  * Ensure right focus on companies operational strategy, processes and procedures  * Building strong relationships and connections with partner organizations. Team Member Bloomingdales - Macys Inc November 2014 to February 2015 • Promoted store promotions and gift card sale by keeping up-to-date knowledge of the Products/ Services, Returns Policy and Procedures.  • Managed several assigned duties apart from operating checkout stations, including Stocking products, Balancing Registers, Assisting Macys managers with customer satisfaction and work to leave every customer satisfied with a world class shopping experience. Product Coordinator Bank Alfalah Limited October 2012 to 2014 10/12-2014  Product Coordination & Compliance  • Awarded a certification of employee excellence award in 2014.  • Assisted in development, launching and implementation of Creatives for Sales Promotion "Driven to Succeed" in 2013; jointly with Marketing, Sales and other related departments.  • Served as the primary point of direct administrative contact and liaison with all the departments, the Human Resources Division and the Head Office.  • Managed individual and team performance metrics including productivity, attendance, quality service, and interviews for new recruitments; maintaining head count/personal files. Identification of work force requirements. (Involved in inventory resources, appraising, selection, placement, compensation, training and development of staff.)  • Assist Product Manager in new developments at various assigned tasks; conducted competitive analysis regarding product/features/offerings for onward submission to management for product positioning.  • Re-engineered the whole product line resulting in a 12% decrease in cost and expenses.  • Tabulated and submitted all performance management pro forma including Job Descriptions, Confirmations and Contract Renewals and Appraisals of the staff of Car Finance Division. IT Service Desk Analyst Middlesex University August 2008 to May 2009 • Streamlined day-to-day logging of support tickets logged via approved communication channels which included following up, processing and closure of user queries.  • Develop improvements to existing processes to deliver improved business performance and effectiveness.  • Regularly offered best practice, coaching and advice to other members of the Service Desk to strengthen the overall knowledge of the front-line support services team. Customer Care Assistant JUST-EAT UK March 2008 to July 2008 • Achieved weekly sales targets by providing assistance to customers, processing orders worth over 1 million and answering enquiries relating to refund procedures etc which increased active users and growth of organizations within Europe.  • Assisted management with administrative tasks including documentation creation, implementation of companies' procedures for smooth working of departments operations; played part in project spanning within the Ireland region. Education MASTER OF SCIENCE in BUSINESS INFORMATION SYSTEMS ROYAL HOLLOWAY UNIVERSITY OF LONDON - London 2010 BACHELOR OF SCIENCE in BUSINESS INFORMATION SYSTEMS MIDDLESEX UNIVERSITY - London 2008