Account Service Manager Account Service <span class="hl">Manager</span> Account Service Manager - Computer Sciences Corporation (CSC) Pascagoula, MS • Active TS Security Clearance  • 7 years IT professional data center experience (Department of Homeland Security EAGLE contract; Stennis Data Center Task Order.)  • 2 years Account Service Management experience (Pascagoula, MS)  • Strength & experience in business process management/improvement; service operations; service delivery  • Working knowledge of Data Center Operations (System Administration, Cloud, Network, Management tools, Security, Asset & Configuration Management, Service Delivery)  • ITIL V3 Foundations certified  • 6 years' experience implementing, improving, managing ITIL functions & processes  • Participated in successful ISO audits resulting in an ISO 20k accreditation.  • Worked with large clients consisting of multiple business units, complex operations, and/or having large infrastructure footprints.  • Experience working across multiple Service Offering / Product Lines  • Recipient of CSC North American Public Sector (NPS) President's Award for Outstanding New Employee in 2009  • Consistently recognized for work ethic, morals, and leadership capabilities. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Account Service Manager Computer Sciences Corporation (CSC) - Pascagoula, MS 2015 to Present 39567  • Interface for the delivery of services in the following areas to ensure a high standard of professional excellence: Service Management, Service Desk, Desktop/Field Services, End User (Exchange, Lync, XenMobile, SCCM, Citrix)  • Responsible for the Service Management & Workplace financials.  • Responsible for account SLAs and drives toward zero financial penalties  • Understands the client contract, obligations, and deliverables to ensure adherence/compliance.  • Conducts operational reviews of the account to help identify issues and opportunities  • Ensures standard processes are deployed on accounts and drives the onboarding of new offerings.  • Receives critical operational and project escalations and ensures appropriate leadership and restoration teams are engaged.  • Drives improved customer experience by leading ITIL-based Service Operational Excellence and supporting Global delivery initiates for the account.  • Provides leadership across the 5 critical management processes ensuring they are effective at driving service effectiveness Change Manager Computer Sciences Corporation (CSC) - Stennis Space Center, MS 2010 to 2015 39529    • Responsible for Change Policies & Processes for the enterprise data center; Developed and implemented policies, processes, & procedures based on ITIL best practices.  • Ensured compliance to the program's Service Level Agreements (SLAs), Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) and other quality measurements pertaining to Change Management.  • Managed compliance to ISO 20000 standards. Achieved final Surveillance Audit in February 2014 to maintain datacenter's ISO20K certification, which included an upgrade to the 2011 standards. Certification renewal audit scheduled for January 2015.  • Within 60 days of arrival, introduced Major Infrastructure Changes (MIC) to provide a means to coordinate, track, and properly notify critical changes to the data center infrastructure.  • Streamlined emergency break-fix processes in Remedy by eliminating unnecessary approvals & lead times.  • Improved relations with Operation teams by discussing process improvements and soliciting feedback.  • Worked with Government customer to reduce lead times for standard and local changes and removed inefficiencies / duplications of effort.  • Chairman for the local change control board and leadership representative for the government-level change board.  • Performed quarterly Change Management training to over 150+ employees & sub-contractors. IT Project Manager Computer Sciences Corporation (CSC) - Stennis Space Center, MS February 2011 to December 2011 39529    • Notable success directing a wide range of IT project initiatives.  • Participated in planning, analyzing, and implementing solutions in support of project deliverables  • Tracked and reported on the progress of quality of work performed by solutions architects and IT system administrators  • Used project scheduling and control tools to monitor project plans, work hours, budgets and expenditures  • Effectively and accurately communicated relevant project information to the client and project team via weekly status briefings  • Developed contracts, rough order of magnitude (ROM), purchase orders, and period of performance extensions as necessary.  • Maintained Contract Execution Tracking Log and ensured all requirements were met prior to project close-out.  • Selected by CSC Management to transfer into the Change Management for process ownership and to provide process improvements. Problem Manager Incident - Stennis Space Center, MS February 2009 to February 2011 39529    • Responsible for Incident & Problem Policies & Processes for the enterprise data center; Developed and implemented policies, processes, & procedures based on ITIL best practices.  • Ensured compliance to the program's Service Level Agreements (SLAs), Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) and other quality measurements pertaining to Incident & Problem Management.  • Generated required incident and problem reports & metrics.  • Reviewed data center root cause analysis reports and coordinated deliverables with key stakeholders and government officials.  • Supervised Remedy use by IT staff, responsible for workflow of Problem records.  • Trained individuals and departments in Remedy and Problem processes.  • Initiated Continual Service Improvement activities Service Desk Supervisor Computer Sciences Corporation (CSC) - Stennis Space Center, MS May 2008 to February 2009 39529    • Managed data center incidents and service requests for government clients  • Trained new employees in daily operational responsibilities  • Organized and developed help desk processes, procedures, new hire orientations, etc.  • Directed service restoration activities and ensured activities adhered to service level agreements and timelines. Service Desk Agent Computer Sciences Corporation (CSC) - Stennis Space Center, MS February 2008 to February 2008 39529    • Supported IT infrastructure for government clients  • Selected amongst peers to be Service Desk Supervisor  • Participated in service restoration teams  • Handle tier 1 requests and incidents including password resets, account creations, and software installations, etc.  • Supported multiple OS to include Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7, etc. Education High School Diploma Fountain Valley High School June 2004 Associates of Information Technology in Information Technology Mississippi Gulf Coast Community College Skills Account Management Certifications/Licenses ITIL Foundations Certificate v3 January 2011 to Present