Home Design and Construction Specialist Home Design and Construction Specialist Honest, Communicative, Hard-Working Professional with Marketing Experience Fair Lawn, NJ Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Home Design and Construction Specialist Self Employed - Fair Lawn, NJ May 2018 to Present When a client presents their vision to me, I use communication and understanding to turn that vision into a tangible finished product. Through hard work, learned skill, and total transparency, I give my clients a feeling of safety in knowing their projects will be completed correctly and in a timely manner. The timeline, budget, and quality that I promise to my clients stay true due to my dedication and willingness to go the extra mile when necessary. Marketing Coordinator New Jersey Foot and Ankle Center - Oradell, NJ April 2019 to July 2019 Through coordination, planning, and implementing new ideas, I have increased the connection between the practice and the nearby community. Steps taken to increase value include scheduling internal and external events, creating and nourishing relationships with new and existing clients, and growing our well-respected online presence. Assistant Project Manager Cross Management Corporation - New York, NY December 2017 to June 2018 - Planned and supervised project activities, while coordinating schedules with clients and subcontractors.  - Communicated with all parties involved to ensure that all job tasks are completed according to the planned schedule.   - Solved problems as they arise in order to best adhere to cost and time restraints.  - Kept detailed records of all planned and completed work. Founder, CEO College Cleaners August 2015 to April 2017 - Founded College Cleaners to give students the opportunity for more free time and less stress.  - Provided a pickup/delivery wash-and-fold laundry service.  - Utilized an online ordering system to increase efficiency.  - Learned about building and nourishing client relationships, website design, digital and non-digital marketing techniques, and how hard work directly impacted the success of the company.   - Made a positive impact in our community by providing both helpful services and employment opportunities for fellow students. IT Specialist The Moriah School - Englewood, NJ July 2009 to August 2015 - Supported the IT team in improving the school's organization, hardware, and use of technology in the classroom   - Utilized my knowledge of devices and software to benefit the classroom environment and supplement the use of a variety of education methods Education Bachelor of Science in Marketing (Two Years of Civil & Environmental Engineering Courses) Rowan University - Glassboro, NJ September 2013 to December 2017 Skills Microsoft Office (10+ years), Procore (Less than 1 year), Purchasing (Less than 1 year), IT Management (6 years), Construction (3 years), Technical Writing (4 years), Team Building (10+ years), CAD (2 years), Engineering (2 years), Marketing (5 years), Project Management (2 years), Construction Management (Less than 1 year) Additional Information ? Honest, Dependable, and Positive-Minded  ? Excellent Understanding of Computer Systems  ? Great Communication/Interpersonal Skills  ? Proven Success Working in Teams  ? Exceptional Leadership Skills  ? Strong Attention to Detail  ? Great Adaptability/Learning Skills