Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager, Self-employed - ALJ Greendoors, Inc Macomb, MI Work Experience Project Manager ALJ Greendoors, Inc - Oxford, MI 2017 to Present • Gather and document business requirements.  • Develop business plans, timelines, and emergency fixes during daily meetings with construction associates and suppliers.  • Conduct renovation work in person as well as supervise on-site efforts from contracted personnel.  • Plan and implement approximately two home flips per year, including purchase and renovation budgeting, work contracts, and county collaboration on service issues. Business Analyst, Information Technology Quicken Loans - Detroit, MI 2016 to 2016 • Gather and document business requirements.  • Develop business plans, timelines, and emergency fixes during daily meetings as the end user and IT Liaison.  • Conduct acceptance (UAT), regression, and integration unit tests in collaboration with rotating teams of approximately six-eight Developers.  • Plan and implement approximately two monthly business intelligence projects, primarily financial and Capital Markets related to assist with prime rate calculations and locking loan mortgage rates. Business Analyst, Information Technology State of Michigan - Detroit, MI 2009 to 2016 2009-2012 • Gather and document business requirements.  • Develop business plans, timelines, and emergency fixes during daily meetings as the end user and IT Liaison.  • Conduct acceptance (UAT), regression, and integration unit tests in collaboration with ten Developers.  • Plan and implement approximately three monthly business intelligence and infrastructure projects, including telecommunications upgrades, and paperwork and legal form adjustments in response to government policy changes.  • Write service requests, tickets, and SOWs and develop grant proposals in coordination with the Finance Office.  • Act as liaison between business end users and Information Technology, establishing and building relationships among different employer teams and agency units.  • Develop business process model and used Agile techniques in Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC). IT Project Administrator Meijer Corporation - Grand Rapids, MI 2013 to 2014 • Gathered and documented business requirements.  • Determined start and end dates, task assignments, needed resources, and critical milestones for up to 130 • simultaneous projects while creating and updating project plans in MS Project.  • Planned and executed deployments, upgrades, infrastructure expansions, and Business Intelligence (BI) initiatives.  • Submitted up to fifteen Statements of Work (SOWs) per month for Business and Financial Office approval.  • Approved 5K project staff hours and 1K timesheets per month with MS Project and Project Web Access (PWA).  • Developed business process model and used Agile techniques in Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC). Business Analyst, Information Technology Shore Mortgage - Troy, MI 2012 to 2013 • Gathered and documented business requirements • Determined IT project needs, schedules, and budgets for a mortgage lender with 1.2K staff generating $4BN annually.  • Led the twelve-member Application Support team performing ten high-visibility projects per week.  • Trained and mentored two other Business Analysts.  • Created use cases.  • Oversaw website and mobile application developments and Loan Officer User Interface BI and ease-of-use changes.  • Produced ten monthly project requirement documents, which included Statements of Work (SOWs), charters, and business plans.  • Acted as liaison between business end users and Information Technology, establishing and building relationships among different employer teams.  • Developed business process model and used Agile techniques in Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC). Education MS in Technology Management Davenport University 2020 BA in English & Business Thomas Edison State University MBA in Finance/Information Management Ashford University Skills Adobe Photoshop (Less than 1 year), AngularJS (Less than 1 year), Excel (Less than 1 year), FRONT END (Less than 1 year), Microsoft Project (2 years), Word, Outlook, budget, Estimating, Scheduling, Sales, testing, access, SQL, MS Office, Business Intelligence, Microsoft Office, HTML, Powerpoint, Visio Certifications/Licenses Driver's License Additional Information SKILLS  Front-End Skills  HTML5/CSS3  JavaScript/JQuery  AngularJS/ NodeJS    Back-End Skills  PHP  Git  Wordpress    Design Skills  Adobe Photoshop  Axure  Responsive Web Design    Extensive Project Management Skills/Tools  Microsoft Project  Project Web Access (PWA)  Visio  Excel  SQL and Microsoft Access  QuickBooks