Director of Mobility - End User/CEC Support/MDM Mobility Director of Mobility - End User/CEC Support/MDM Mobility VP-Director End User/CEC Support/MDM Mobility Chelsea, MA IT TELECOM | IT PROJECT MANAGER | END USER SUPPORT MANAGEMENT | IT MOBILITY MANAGEMENT  ? Solutions-oriented, solid experience in installation, configuration and administration of enterprise-wide networks  ? Solid understanding of an array of operating systems, configurations and methodologies with a proven ability to quickly acquire and retain skills in new processes, procedures, and technologies.  ? Solid knowledge of project planning and implementation vendor management and organizational management Work Experience Director of Mobility - End User/CEC Support/MDM Mobility Santander Bank - Boston, MA March 2017 to March 2019 Manage a multi-location team of administrators and engineers (internal and external) servicing location in New York, Boston, Puerto Rico, Miami and Spain.  ? Provide guidance and support to team members through employee reviews, mentoring, coaching and training.  ? Lead the team providing the following mobile services:    ? Workspace One (AirWatch) MDM administration/maintenance  ? Support 3000 + Users SBNA  ? Creation of MDM smart groups for app deployment and access  ? Deploy new solutions to improve end user experience  ? Configure and deploy new devices to our corporate community  ? Provide level 2 support to both Corporate/BYOD users  ? Oversee device refresh deployment project  ? CEC/VIP support  ? Provide reporting to Risk/Internal Audit to keep us transparent and honest and compliant  ? Deploy and manage applications via Workspace One MDM platform  ? Work with Apple/Samsung/Breezy/VMWare to educate our user community  ? Vendor relationship with T-Mobile, AT&T, Samsung and VMWare/Eastern Computing/Cisco to keep us update to date with our peers in the same space to further help our mobile community and organization as a whole    ? Budget management and project planning  ? Vendor management (contracts, SLAs, issues)  ? Interaction with various teams in projects, escalations and troubleshooting efforts  ? Interface with both business clients and technical resources both on-site at the client and remotely  ? Deep and broad technical background so that I am able to converse at the executive level and be seen as a go-to person on technology and delivery  ? Oversee all aspects of technology team including Delivery Leadership, Architecture, Development, QA, Design and Support  ? Keep a strong relationship with end users and executives across different teams (Infrastructure, Product, PMO) to leverage an excellent strategic vision  ? Collaborate with software developers and integrators  ? Be a strong leader for my team to help foster great communication and skill growth.  ? Follow corporate standards and ITIL best practices  ? Ensure compliance with IT security/risk rules and policies  ? Effectively interface with local and remote team members  ? Generate and present regular KPI and service reports  ? Regular review of metrics and process for continuous improvement Sr. Technical Service Support Manager Santander Bank - Boston, MA December 2016 to March 2017 Manage a multi-location team of administrators and engineers (20+ people - internal and external)  ? Provide guidance and support to team members through employee reviews, mentoring, coaching and training.  ? Lead the team providing the following end user services:    ? SCCM administration (software packaging and distribution)  ? McAfee Anti-Virus Console Administration  ? AirWatch MDM administration  ? Print server administration  ? Citrix administration (WHICH VERSION OF CITRIX)  ? Active Directory administration  ? Management of the procurement catalogue for end user devices  ? Windows and 3rd party application security patches  ? Deploy new solutions to improve end user experience    ? Budget management and project planning  ? Vendor management (contracts, SLAs, issues)  ? Interaction with various teams in projects, escalations and troubleshooting efforts  ? Collaborate with software developers and integrators  ? Follow corporate standards and ITIL best practices  ? Ensure compliance with IT security/risk rules and policies  ? Effectively interface with local and remote team members  ? Generate and present regular KPI and service reports  ? Overseeing EUT technical services/mobility projects  ? Regular review of metrics and process for continuous improvement Technical PMO Manager Robert Half Technologies - Boston, MA May 2016 to December 2016 Project manager for the entire North East region for Robert Half Technologies managed services division  ? Manage up to 30 technical engineers  ? Projects:  ? Blackberry migration to iOS  ? O365 Migrations  ? 2500 users PC refresh  ? ITSM implementation 3000 users,  ? Monitor implementation project 2400 users and national equipment removal project.  ? Proven track record of all projects worked, including budget, documentation etc  ? On all projects I have managed and worked from conception to completion ITIL Problem Manager Omgeo/DTCC - Boston, MA December 2015 to April 2016 Managed lifecycle of all problems processes, technical procedures and workflow at Omgeo/DTCC to prevent problems and resulting incidents from happening, to eliminate recurring incidents, and to minimize the impact of incidents that cannot be prevented.  ? Manage and hold all problem management meetings with dev team, ops, infrastructure and upper management to get the root cause of a problem when it occurs with a client product or internal that may affect a client product that may lead to downtime internal/external.  ? Problem Management works together with Incident Management and Change Management to ensure that IT service availability and quality are increased. When incidents are resolved, information about the resolution is recorded. Over time, this information is used to speed up the resolution time and identify permanent solutions, reducing the number and resolution time of incidents. This results in less downtime and less disruption to business-critical systems.  ? Responsible for tracking all incidents in teamtrack/Ops Center, and all problems are updated and tracked in an excel spreadsheet Lead Technical Project Manager (Thinking Phones) Robert Half Technologies - Boston, MA July 2015 to December 2015 Managed processes, technical procedures and workflow at Thinking Phones handling all deliverables from client.  ? Building of call flow for the client for approval  ? Manage all incoming incidences from end user clients for thinking phones and have them escalated to the proper sources to be resolved.  ? Also responsible MRR for Thinking Phones after implementation is complete and all services have been activated.  ? Facilitated meetings, worked closely with stakeholders involved with the phone implementation, ensuring the team properly executed the requisites and met deadlines.  ? Managed reporting and documenting needed for tracking, as well as taking on potentially delaying issues incidences, that may delay the project.  ? Define and develop a strategy, allocate resources and manage schedules and budget  ? Produce documentation; maintain a standard, efficiency, and scalability, build and maintain relationships with POC's, and responsible for escalation issues and incidences.  ? Maintained close interaction with the infrastructure team and the project coordinator to construct a layout for the appointments made, minimizing downtime for users and departments involved in the implementation of Thinking Phones system. Lead Technical Project Manager Santander Bank - Boston, MA March 2015 to June 2015 Managed processes, technical procedures and work flow for Santander Bank's migration from windows  ? Managed all incident reports coming from client to be resolved by technical team in regard to migration of data or end user downtown.  ? XP to Windows 7, as well as handling deliverables.  ? Worked with Robert Half with the hiring process for all techs involved in the migration project.  ? Trained and managed techs in several states, within the standards given by Santander Bank.  ? Facilitated meetings, worked closely with stakeholders involved with the migration project, ensuring the team properly executed the requisites and met deadlines.  ? Managed reporting and documenting needed for tracking, as well as taking on potentially delaying issues, some falling out of scope.  ? Define and develop a strategy, allocate resources and manage schedules and budget  ? Produce documentation; maintain a standard, efficiency, and scalability, build and maintain relationships with POC's, and responsible for escalation issues.  ? Maintained close interaction with the infrastructure team and the project coordinator to construct a layout for the appointments made, minimizing downtime for users and departments involved in the migration. Sr IT Site Services Supervisor/ Project Mgr Santander Bank - Boston, MA December 2013 to February 2015 Managed a global organization base in 52 countries, Incident Management Site Representative  ? Managed Microsoft Lync creation of accounts and support, integration of Cisco Polycom.  ? Managed PC refresh/Mobility project/ from start to finish, installment of new equipment, data migration/collapsing Bes server globally for the organization upgrading user in phases nationally and globally from Blackberry to iOS devices. Working with all stakeholders and departmental heads nationally and globally.  ? Liaison between C-level execs and stakeholders within the organization  ? Simultaneous project managing and tech staff managing.  ? Produced documentation of procedures for recurring and non- recurring projects  ? Managed configurations of all IOS (iPods, iPads, Android) devices.  ? Managed Cisco Call Manager, and configuration of Cisco Phones  ? Managed infrastructure within the conference rooms Via Creston Management.  ? Cable runs and termination of Cat5e, Cat6.  ? Managed vendor relationships  ? Working within Active Directory, add/delete accounts under different domain structures.  ? Managed a team of techs that supported all high Level Executives from a Telecom and Network/Desktop perspective.  ? Stacking of routers and switches/managing IDF closets Sr. Telecom IT Support Manager/ Project Mgr Jordan Hospital - Plymouth, MA September 2012 to October 2013 Managed mobility Project and devices: Android, iPhone, and iPads from start to finish collapsing BES server moving end user over from Blackberry devices to iOS devices via active sync.  ? Creating, integrating and troubleshooting Microsoft Lync accounts.  ? Managed and aided in the implementation of Polycom video conferencing system  ? Managed NEC PBX 2400, NEC 8100, NEC CCIS, NEC 2000 and Cisco Call Manager system for main and outside locations, about 3500 users  ? Managed vendor and supplier relationships to insure the company's best interest when pricing materials.  ? Worked with Numara Footprint ticketing system to reconcile and notate client's issues.  ? Managed a team of 10 techs, Trained staff to be proficient with mobile and desktop devices  ? Supported 4,000 plus users on site and remotely reconciling issues within the Win7 platform/Mac OSX with email configuration, password reset, active directory adding and moving devices reimaging of end user machines  ? Set up and coordinate all add moves and changes within the organization desktop and telecom related  ? Worked closely and supported sr. leadership of the hospital with training on new applications and mobile devices.  ? Managed migration to VOIP project to centralize the call flow, worked with vendors on and off-site locations. IT Operations Manager/ Project Mgr FLIR Systems Inc - Billerica, MA August 2011 to July 2012 Managed implementation of Microsoft Lync Accounts, replaced Windows XP Pro to Windows 7  ? Managed set up/configuration of Blackberry devices on BES server, configuration of Mobile device to exchange servers  ? Trained executives on new devices such as iPad, and BlackBerry, created documentation for end users.  ? Managed high level projects, stayed within budget, meet deadlines. (Implantation of new network to integrate VoIP to communicate with PBX system. Updating and communicating progress and troubleshooting points)  ? Inter Communicated with vendors and engineers to decrease downtime between sites.  ? Maintained a company asset life cycle replacement system.  ? Using Remedy ticketing system to track, monitor, and resolve user issues  ? Planning/scheduling of installation of ITP system and T1 lines.  ? Support end users with desktop issues, headed configuration of Mobile device to exchange servers  ? Implemented deployment project for adding/deleting users in Active Directory.  ? Moved users to new domain, collapsing the legacy domain. Lead Network Analyst National Football League - New York, NY January 2010 to August 2011 Supported a Global user environment.  ? Managed the implementation of all Polycom video Teleconference meetings equipment via Crestron touch screens.  ? Manage the BES Server and configuration of users Blackberry's and PDA devices.  ? Trained all executives on new standardized devices and equipment such as iPad, and Blackberry, Android, Lenovo Desktop and Laptops along with creating documentation for end users to refer to.  ? Managed project from design to completion: Replacement of Windows XP Pro to Windows 7 Refresh Project.  ? Worked with Cisco Call Manager.  ? Setting up and maintaining ACD Groups, end user voicemail with in unity voicemail system  ? Worked within MS Project to track and schedule the time lines of different project for the NFL.  ? Repaired Cat5e data run /Configure Cisco IPT phones, Test, maintain, and monitor IT programs and systems Education Telecommunications / Network Systems Analyst DeVry University Information Systems Management & LAN Administration Computer Learning Center Skills Active directory, Pmp certification, Pmp, Voip, Polycom