IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager Annapolis, MD Ed is a talented and driven IT Professional. He Possesses special expertise in AI automation to help optimize workflow. He also meticulously plans and executes IT projects utilizing a unique skill set. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager FullScope IT - Annapolis, MD September 2018 to Present • Performed problem diagnosis and repair, with appropriate escalation when required  • Demonstrated ability to architect modern, scalable IT solutions for SMBs and successfully deliver them  • Produced thorough documentation of client configuration settings.  • Worked independently, prioritizing tasks appropriately.  • Managed and Supported Tier 1-3 Technicians IT Project Manager/Systems Administrator Davis Computer Technologies - Washington, DC June 2017 to September 2018 • Managed Tier I/II Technicians.  • Introduced and Implemented several Project Management tools to improve team productivity.  • Functioned as third tier support for multiple clients and for escalated tickets.  • Configure and Maintain Firewall/VPN tunnels between clients different locations utilizing Dell SonicWall Firewall.  • Gained proficiency in provisioning a multi site Active Directory, as well as designing an appropriate GPO.  • Planned, Executed and Supported the “Media Streaming” Project for a major client who wished to migrate from physical media to digital media players at all 6 office locations.  • Acted as Managed Service Provider for multiple clients, leveraging cloud-based Microsoft Exchange email and Polycom telephone services software.  • Maintain spare equipment and parts and managed inventory for a team of remote technicians.  • Ran Ethernet cable, install equipment and connect devices. IT Programmer/Systems Administrator University of Maryland - College Park, MD June 2014 to January 2018 • Developed and Maintained NodeJS, Python and JAVA Applications and Scripts to automate/simplify repetitive tasks including Drive Mappings, Active Directory group policy and Web Crawlers.  • Delivered technical training sessions and documentation creation for staff, faculty and students regarding site- specific functions, as well as general technological procedures.  • Maintained and Modified departmental mailing lists(LISTSERV).  • Assisted in the management and development of departmental web sites.  • Functioned as first through third tier support in mixed computing environment overseeing multiple workstations and servers.  • Participated in AD Migration from our local AD to University’s Enterprise AD. Also managed local Migration from Outlook to Google Apps For Education.  • Performed system admin functions including but not limited to: bare metal rack install and setup of Dell PowerEdge servers.   • Installed and configured virtual servers using Hyper-V and VMware ESXi 6.5.   • Conducted installation, configuration and patching of various Application, Database, File, FTP, Mail and Web servers.  • Responded to and diagnosed customer requests via ticketing system, phone and walk-in.  • Maintained and monitored video connections for courses and meetings.  • Operated as Lead Support Technician for issues regarding “Sonic Foundry: Mediasite” and Polycom.  • Provided support for complex AV setup of onsite, distance and online courses utilizing Polycom/Cisco video codecs, as well as Bluejeans, Adobe Connect and WebEx video conference bridge.  • Acted as project lead for the implementations of both an online learning management system (Moodle) and a video streaming and management platform (Mediasite).  • Served as project lead for the implementation of Spiceworks ticketing and inventory management system.  • Executed disaster backup and recovery operations, including data restores, cloning and re-imaging. Education B.S. in Computer Science University of Maryland University College December 2017 Skills SQL (3 years), DATABASE (3 years), ACCESS (3 years), ADOBE PHOTOSHOP (3 years), ANDROID (3 years), Python (1 year), Javascript (7 years), Java (5 years), Node.JS (2 years), IIS (2 years), Apache (2 years), PHP (3 years), C++ (3 years), Linux (9 years), Windows Server (9 years), Windows (10+ years), ESXi (2 years), Powershell (5 years), VPN (2 years), LAN (5 years), Active Directory (3 years), Wordpress (1 year), Webex (3 years), Polycom (3 years), Bluejeans (3 years), Mediasite (3 years), Scrum Master, Vmware, System Admin, Redhat, System Administrator, Linux Administrator, Information Technology, PMP, Waterfall, PM, SDLC, Project Management, Software Development, Firewalls (5 years), VPN (5 years), Servers (10+ years), Documentation (5 years), Javascript (5 years), Project Management (5 years), Technical Writing (2 years), Training & Development (1 year)