Contract ending Contract ending Cumming, GA Work Experience Contract ending August 2019 to Present Responsible for all network deployment purchase order activities; the creation, submission, and delivery to the vendors. Change order requests.  Responsible for the receiving, reconciling, and approval of invoices from vendors for the network deployment activities.  Ad-hoc reports.  Special equipment ordering.  Assisting Project Managers with milestone deliverables. Director of Family/Women Services Birdwell Foundation - Cumming, GA September 2018 to Present Initiated and developed family and veteran women services program.  Recruit, coordinate facilitator's certifications. Onboarding paperwork for staff and volunteers  Manage a staff and volunteers of 13 and growing.  Successfully secured spouses and family members to become certified and trained to facilitate support groups.  Created family support marketing material.  Successfully network with other non-profit organizations to expand and collaborate our efforts.  Meet with private businesses, and political offices to gain support for the foundation, and our efforts.  Plan, and host quarterly public awareness functions.  Perform one on one counseling sessions with female spouses, and women veterans dealing with MST.  Negotiating with bank to write-off facility for interim housing program for veterans and first responders. Managing sponsorship and donors database for the foundation. Network Deployment Project Coordinator Teleworld Solutions/SmartSky Networks June 2017 to Present User Experience Coordinator - IT Infrastructure/PMO Contract) (United Airlines Refresh Project) - Plano, TX June 2016 to March 2017 LAN/WAN, WLAN, Wi-Fi, VoIP    Was responsible for executing the refresh deployment, by initial kickoff meetings for assigned airline stations. Moved to the phase of monitoring and controlling the refresh schedules, resources, and deliverables. Reported refresh communication to stakeholders, and project team. Documented process documentation, and provided training to the User Experience Coordinators.    Utilized PMO processes for the closeout phase to manage 30 assigned stations. Collaborated directly with the client, cross-functional resources, and leadership to aid in project closeout prioritization. Small Cell/4G LTE Construction Project Coordinator Goodman Networks, Inc - Farmers Branch, TX May 2013 to March 2015 Utilized the PMO Framework of PMI Best Practices, methods, processes, and tools & techniques to effectively execute, monitor and control the procurement process, as well as third party resource management for small cell and 4G LTE upgrades. Implementations Coordinator/Vendor Manager Brinks, Inc - Coppell, TX September 2010 to May 2013 Managed the relationship with the vendors. Contract reviews, awarded, and negotiations. Documented and implemented SLAs, and KPI reviews. Utilized PMO processes to effectively project manage over 700 retail SmartSafe deployments, swaps, de-installs, relocations, and decommissioning. Customer Project Manager II Level 3 Communications - Addison, TX October 2007 to December 2008 Telecommunications/Voice & Data Services/ IT Network Augmentation Education Master's in Religion in Religion/Biblical Counseling Luther Rice College & Seminary Present Bachelor's in Religion in Religion/Biblical Counseling Luther Rice College & Seminary May 2019