Project Manager II [Office of Safety + Security] <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> II [Office of Safety + Security] Project Manager II at Atlanta Public Schools Smyrna, GA Achievement oriented certified Project Management Professional (PMP) with over 9 years of experience in delivering strategic multi-million dollar projects. Results focused, customer service oriented, innovative professional with proven results in project management, problem solving, process design and improvement to meet business needs. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager II [Office of Safety + Security] Atlanta Public Schools - Atlanta, GA November 2014 to Present Project Manager II [Office of Safety + Security]  • Primary focus on grant management creating a framework for safe and supportive schools; initiating Visitor Management System deployment to all schools, coordinating vendor for safety and security audit of all schools, coordinating ten pilot schools for safe and secure coordination and integration plan, and developing facilities master plan with community and Board of Education  • Work with multiple departments for grant applications and management  • Create internal and external presentations, surveys and communications for Chief Operations Officer and Chief of Police    Project Manager II [Deputy Superintendent's Office & Office of Engagement]  • Provide budget management, communications and tracking support for both the districts Special Revenue budgets and leadership in the Office of Engagement.  • Led the planning and successful execution of the annual APS Back to School Bash increasing the number of internal and external exhibit booths by 44% and the number of backpacks filled with school supplies distributed by 30%.  • Led the organization, communication and delivery of providing transportation, dinner, security and seating chart with tickets for 1,400 APS students and 300 chaperones from 20 different schools to see Hamilton at the Fox Theatre.  • Conceptualized, created and edited presentations for the Superintendent and various division Chiefs.  • Executed the planning and delivery of the Superintendents State of the District (public speech for all areas of the district) for 2016, 2017 and 2018.  • Facilitated cross-functional discussions to gather data and input to develop and edit multiple standard operating procedures for the Office of Communications and the creation of administrative policies for the Superintendent.  • Served as the lead and liaison between multiple departments to execute projects such as the annual Board of Education's student recognition meeting, external community meetings, internal staff meetings, APS Day One, public hearings, school transitions, closures and mergers.  • Collected, cleansed and provided dashboards and analyses of data used for department tracking, goal setting, the superintendent's annual evaluation and the districts 2019-2022 student calendar.    Project Manager II [Office of Information Technology]  • Managed the distribution of 10,140 Chromebooks to 77 schools in 60 days.  • Coordinated the successful delivery of Atlanta Public School 2016 State of the District address.  • Lead the IT Support & Infrastructure team in disconnection, storing, reconnection, adding or relocating technology at 23 different APS schools during Summer 2016.  • Lead fellow project managers in the implementation of managed print services for all 5,000+ printers in the district and the upgrade of half of the districts Xerox Copier fleet.    IT Project Administrator [Office of Information Technology]  • Collaborated with executive leadership providing strategic and tactical support translating departmental visions into business requirements, organized cross-functional teams to support the execution of the requirements while maintaining approved budgets and timelines.  • Managed the design and implementation of a $3.2 Million district wide wireless upgrade project to provide a higher performing wireless network with one access point per classroom. Executed the installation of 4,978 access points and removal of existing wireless infrastructure at 79 instructional locations in 9 months, completing the first and second phases of the project ahead of schedule and on budget.  • Developed a Three Year Technology plan to align with the district's vision and goals creating a solid groundwork for a cross-functional plan with goals and strategies to explain how Information Technology will be used to help achieve educational goals and curriculum reforms.  • Oversaw upgrading Aggregation Service Routers (ASR) to 10GB capability for the district network. Coordinated configuration, testing, and connectivity verification with all impacted internal SME's and external vendors.  • Coordinated with the infrastructure team the successful migration of the districts firewall from Cisco ASA to 10GB capable Palo Alto Firewall. Communicated and delivered new Palo Alto VPN client and process to all APS users.  • Managed successful migration to 10GB LightSpeed web content filter to improve internet browsing of APS users.  • Worked with the Capital Projects (Facilities) and Information Technology teams to update and release the IT specifications requirements to support construction projects.  • Realigned a $5 Million at risk project of network switch upgrades in all MDF's, IDF's, and classrooms throughout the district closely monitoring and controlling all issues and risk, ultimately bringing the project in on schedule and under budget. Sr. IT Project Manager Corporate Temps - Atlanta, GA June 2014 to November 2014 Contracted Sr. IT Project Manager for Atlanta Public Schools  • Recruited to come onboard to bring a failing project back on track. Reorganized the deployment process and flow of an 18,000 student desktop refresh across 85 APS instructional sites. Closely supervised all issues and risks working with a cross-functional team to bring them all to completion, closing the project under budget and on schedule with the approved adjusted timeframe.  • Organized the onboarding and training of 40 Field Support Technicians and 12 Service Desk Analysts doubling the level of support available for the district. Established and documented the onboarding and release of support personnel and transitioned the process to IT Operations.  • Evaluated and redesigned two schools for transition to support a blended learning environment with virtual academy creating a new wireless, network data drop and student computer standard. IT Project Manager Technology Integration Group - Atlanta, GA March 2010 to January 2014 IT Project Manager  • Led the collaboration of key internal stakeholders across the country designing and implementing a tracking system for all employee certifications earned or needed for the company to maintain specific certification levels.  • Managed wireless augmentation for Atlanta Public Schools coordinating efforts with TIG engineers, wireless manufacture, APS wireless specialists and APS cable vendor to increase the wireless at all 80+ APS locations.  • Worked with the APS Facilities and IT teams to design and implement technology components of multiple construction, HVAC, school closing, merger and move projects over summer and winter breaks from 2010-2014.  • Consulted with APS to construct and distribute communications, determine qualified recipients, quantify timeframes and resources required for the successful distribution and repurposing of over 10,000 desktops and laptops throughout the district.  • Coordinated the successful server upgrade with minimal down time for law office.  • Directed special coordination of a wireless installation in an all-girls college dormitory building at Spelman College.  • Oversaw the execution of Agnes Scott College's migration from Microsoft Exchange to Google for students and staff.  • Managed the installation of all low voltage and infrastructure components for a new construction office building.    IT Service Coordinator  • Directed 30 technicians and engineers for APS IT service delivery and support for over 7,000 users utilizing the ITIL framework to ensure productivity, proper utilization of resources, clients expectations are exceeded each day.  • Successfully designed, developed and released an efficient workflow for parts and inventory distribution reducing error and distribution time by 40%.  • Created and implemented an online process and procedures manual for all field and desk support personnel with easy sharing and instant updates.  • Developed an in-depth understanding of all service delivery contracts and catalogs. Ensured optimal delivery on awarded contracts and assisted sales team with responses to various Requests for Proposals (RFP) responses.  • Created, implemented, and reviewed a wide range of reports for APS to ensure Service Level Agreements (SLAs) were met, resources had optimal utilization, district was aware of common issue trends, and developed presentation and statistical data for quarterly business review (QBR).  • Served as a liaison between departments and operating units in the resolution of day-to-day operational items both internally and for clients.  • Assisted with the constant development and refinement of processes to improve service deliverables. Education Bachelor of Business Administration in Logistics, Supply Chain Management and Intermodal Transportation Georgia Southern University - Statesboro, GA May 2009 None in Summer Abroad: International Studies University of Georgia - Athens, GA May 2008 to June 2008 Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) February 2014 to December 2019 ITIL v3 July 2015 to Present Lean Six Sigma Green Belt August 2016 to Present Prosci Change Management July 2017 to Present Additional Information CORE COMPETENCIES    • Project Management   • Testing & Quality Assurance   • Business & IT Planning  • Customer Service   • System Migrations & Integrations   • Process Design & Improvement  • Vendor Management   • Problem Solving   • Contract Monitoring & Execution  • Deployment & Support Strategy   • Budgeting & Tracking