Manager - IT Global PMO <span class="hl">Manager</span> - <span class="hl">IT</span> Global PMO Manager - IT Global PMO - MOMENTIVE PERFORMANCE MATERIALS, Inc Saratoga Springs, NY Work Experience Manager - IT Global PMO MOMENTIVE PERFORMANCE MATERIALS, Inc - Clifton Park, NY 2019 to Present • Leadership, coaching, and development of a world class, empowered Global PMO team.  • Management of the continuous improvement of project operations.  • Development, review and implementation IT Project Management methodologies, processes and procedures for the Global IT organization.  • PMO Process creation.  • Portfolio Management of critical program for full IT divest. 23 projects, 150 Resources and $7M budget  • Mentorship of junior project leaders. Senior Project Manager / Program Executive Zones Nfrastructure - Clifton Park, NY 2018 to 2019 • Implementation of $13M network at 30 Hudson Yards in New York City for Client.  • P&L responsibility for program.  • Management of technology Systems Architects for implementation.  • Management of supply chain for $11M hardware.  • Planning and execution of product roadmaps for implementation plan.  • Portfolio management of all Client implementation and hardware orders.  • PMO Process creation.  • Portfolio Management of resources for pipeline projects.  • Mentorship of junior project managers. VP of Technology, Client Products, Insurance, Investment and Tax Applications The Ayco Company, L.P., a Goldman Sachs Company - Saratoga Springs, NY 2015 to 2019 Saratoga Springs, NY 2015 - 2019  VP of Technology, Client Products, Insurance, Investment and Tax Applications    • Implementation of all critical programs in Technology department including:  ? $6M Financial Wellness Platform development delivered early and under budget.  ? $2M legacy software uplift plan creation for resource budget request.  • Management of technology product management and software development team including product and project management- 11 FTE.  • Management of group of 26 technology consultants.  • Planning and execution of product roadmaps for all client facing investment applications.  • Portfolio management of product roadmap projects, enhancements and defects.  • Responsible for all key metrics and KPIs for technology department for reporting to senior Ayco and Goldman Sachs leadership. Technology PMO Director The Ayco Company, L.P., a Goldman Sachs Company - Saratoga Springs, NY 2014 to 2015 • Management of technology project management team including business analysis - 6 FTE  • Creation of a technology PMO - processes, procedures and execution of portfolio projects.  • Portfolio management of 50-60 projects in pipeline.  • Program management of 4 mission critical projects in pipeline.  • Implementation of project management training firm-wide to standardize the practice. Senior Project Manager - Systems MAXIMUS - Albany, NY 2013 to 2014 Systems project manager of the New York State Health Exchange Project.  • Systems project delivery of the New York Health Exchange call center applications for 1100, building of 3 buildings and all related technology needs including telecommunications.  • Management of systems analyst team - 6 FTE for creation of systems requirements, systems analysis, and COTS software implementation.  • Management of development organization - 10 FTEs, and matrix run staff for the design and implementation of all call center and back office processing applications.  • Program management of systems projects for all MAXIMUS NY HX Subprojects.  • Management of 4 subcontractor contracts for implementation of custom code, systems upgrades and COTS Implementation.  • Custom Siebel CRM implementation for 1000+ customer service representatives. Senior Project Manager CAPITAL DISTRICT PHYSICIANS HEALTH PLAN - Albany, NY 2011 to 2013 Senior project manager of high-risk mission critical software development, process improvement, infrastructure and security projects. Projects in both Agile and Waterfall. Known for developing high preforming teams in a short period of time. Education Project Management Learning Tree April 2009 Vocal Music Theory Nassau Community College 1992 to 1993 Canisius College Buffalo NY Communications 1988 to 1992