Sr. Scrum Master/ Project Manager Sr. Scrum Master/ <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Sr. Scrum Master/ Project Manager - iovino Enterprise New York, NY Senior Certified Scrum Professional experienced as a Scrum Master/ Project Manager with over 10 years of experience of the  Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and Agile Scrum Methodologies. Experienced in identifying user requirements,  analyzing, developing, and testing and supporting business process modeling and identifying the gap analysis in various  industries.  • Expert in the iterative Agile Methodology as a Certified Scrum Product Owner: Created User Stories into Product Backlog  Items (PBIs) and lead PBI grooming sessions for Prioritization and Sprint planning with hands on experience with JIRA.  • PMI Trained Project Manager, proficient in MS Project and completed several life cycle implementations where I created  and maintained Project Scope Statement, Project Plans, WBS Work Break Down Structure and all project Baselines.  • Expertise in Business Documentation, User Story creation, Troubleshooting Defects, UML modeling skills and deep  understanding of business change needs and analyzing requirements to meet those needs.  • Hands on working experience with scrum framework including Scrum Ceremonies, Roles, and Artifacts.  • Efficient in both Grooming and Pre-Grooming skills; Proficient in facilitating Planning and Retrospective.  • Proficient in Technical and Business writing, Business Process Flow, Business Process Modeling, debugging, and Testing.  • Efficient in writing/ creating user stories, use cases, functional specification document, functional requirement, data flow  diagrams and test cases.  • Conducted various requirement gathering sessions such as - JAD Sessions, Interviews, User Story Writing workshops,  Brainstorming and Focus Groups.  • Excellent Experience in creating User Stories into Product Backlog Items (PBIs) and leading PBI grooming sessions for  Prioritization and Sprint planning as a Product Owner.  • Strong presentation skills and interpersonal skills, in demonstrating new features to the business team and stakeholders.  • Experienced in working with various departmental teams, developing interactive relationships with the Business and IT  teams and becoming a Subject Matter Expert of the business requirements. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr. Scrum Master/ Project Manager iovino Enterprise - New York, NY August 2018 to Present This was a Finance Project and as Sr. Scrum Master/ Project manager/ Lead Business Analyst, I was responsible for managing the IT business initiatives around the new Construction ERP system 'CMiC'. I successfully led the Implementation of a Cloud Based  ERP System and rolling out all its Modules and am currently working on building API's to integrate all other BAU Applications with the ERP system.    Responsibilities:  • Led a hybrid project utilizing both Agil and Waterfall methodologies with the goal of transitioning to a fully Agile  enviornment  • Created User Stories into Product Backlog Items (PBIs) and led PBI grooming sessions for Prioritization and Sprint planning  • Facilitated Scrum ceremonies (Daily Standup, Sprint Planning, Sprint Retrospective, Sprint Review)  • Led PBI Grooming Sessions with the SCRUM team to groom PBIs into value added Pieces of Work (POW)  • Facilitated the negotiation of requirements among multiple stakeholders and developed best practices and standards on a regular basis.  • Led cross-functional teams for the development and delivery of Products.  • Identified current and future-state business processes and focused on Innovation and drafted BRD's accordingly.  1  • Conducted Application Risk Management activities.  • Developed business requirements and translated into workflows to be implemented within the ERP or other IT solutions.  • Assisted with the deployment of mobility solutions throughout the enterprise.  • Participated in Gap Analysis to identify the deficiencies of the current Applications and processed Flows to identify the requirements for the changes in the proposed system.  • Wrote and maintained all SDLC documentation such as BRD, FRD, Task Order, Use Cases, Administrative Guide, Text Cases  and End User Training Manual.  • Gathered business requirements from the Subject Matter Experts (SME's) and documented the requirements in the BRD.  • Utilized Use Case Diagrams and Activity Diagrams to represent information provided by the business owners.  • Wrote end user training material and conducted end user training.  • Created Mock-ups and Wireframes using wire-framing tool Balsamiq and Mockflow.  • Prepared Process Flows and Diagrams for the Manual to Automated conversion project.  • Organized meetings and participated in JAD sessions to ensure legal and compliance deadlines are met  • Change Control Process - Worked with the Change Control Process for changes submitted for the BRD, once the documents  were submitted to IT department.  • Maintained the Traceability Matrix table to uniquely trace the identified business requirements to general design, to testing; as proof that requirements have been developed into a solution and that they have been tested and tracked.  • Documented the UAT Plan for the project and worked with the UAT team to ensure every acceptance criteria for the requirement has been included in the UAT task plan Scrum Master Vandis INC - New York, NY September 2017 to August 2018 As the Scrum Master/ Project manager/ IT Business Analyst, I was responsible for managing the IT business initiatives around the implementations of Microsoft solutions such Azure, 0365, SharePoint and Power BI. I Successfully led the Implementations  Responsibilities:  • Participated in the creation on the Project Charter where the Scope of Work and business requirement was identified and translated into the Scope Statement.  • Facilitated and participated in the agile (Scrum) ceremonies (daily stand-up meetings, sprint planning, task estimating and story board)  • Wrote and maintained all SDLC documentation such as BRD, FRD, Task Order, Use Cases, Administrative Guide, Text Cases  and End User Training Manual.  • Worked with Product Owners, Product Managers, Scrum Masters, IT Directors, to address intake process  • Conducted Grooming meetings, Scrum Daily standup, Product backlog, Sprint Planning, Sprint Review & Sprint  Retrospective meetings.  • Coached and mentored highly collaborative project teams that are geographically distributed in Scaled Agile Framework  (SAFe)  • Coordinated and participated in weekly estimation meetings to provide high-level estimates (Story Points) for backlog  items.  • Identified and mitigated team risks and impediments (Blocking Issues, Critical Defects) on daily basis  • Participated in scrum to scrum to report overall project status, upcoming risks/dependencies, resolve dependencies, and suggest solutions  • Led Stage Gate/Phase Review meetings where the status of the project was communicated to the Stake Holders and SME's.  • Participated in Gap Analysis to identify the deficiencies of the current Applications and Process Flows to identify the requirements for the changes in the proposed system.  • Gathered business requirements from the Subject Matter Experts (SME's) and documented the requirements in the BRD.  • Collaborated with different stakeholders and teams to understand the manual process flow and identified the business  needs of different stakeholders.  • Facilitated team and cross-team Retrospectives to build good working relationships among various agile teams  • Worked with Agile Craft to improve the tool for Agile/Scrum/SAFe Teams, Business and Management.  • Utilized Use Case Diagrams and Activity Diagrams to represent information provided by the business owners.  • Created a Business Continuity Plan (BCP) in case the solution is down for a long period of time.  • Created a Disaster Recovery Plan (DR Plan) in how to bring the system back up in case it's down for a long period of time.  • Worked with IT team to resolve issues and clarify Business Requirements from the business owners.    2 COACH COACH INC May 2017 to August 2017 Scrum Master/ Lead IT Business Analyst    Projects implementation includes Redesigning Stuart Weitzmans Legacy ecommerce system, which was linked to the Order  Management System for a global implementation of EOM (Enterprise Order Management). Along side performing document  management of several other projects example DR disaster Recovery, BCP Business Continuity Plan in case systems such as OMS  is down.    Responsibilities:  • Modeled core Agile principles of collaboration, prioritization, team accountability and visibility; ensured consistent  application of scrum methodologies across the enterprise  • Coached new team members and transition teams on agile principles and providing general guidance on Scrum to enhance  skills level.  • Facilitated Agile ceremonies and events such as Sprint Planning, Daily Standups, Backlog Refinement, Sprint Reviews and Sprint Retrospectives  • Built relationship with Product Owners and other stakeholders to facilitate team's interaction with them and improved  internal and external communication to provide transparency and disseminate information  • Conducted JAD sessions for communicating with Stakeholders and Project directors  • Established documentation for agile methodology for implementation with a very water-fall-centric development team.  • Collaborated in building a business analysis process model such as Activity Diagrams, Wireframes, Process Flow Diagrams, Product Roadmap, SWOT analysis and Entity Relationship Diagrams (ERD's).  • Analyzed standard industry back office applications of Insurance Company, underwriting, billing, policy and claims  administration with the help of Subject Matter Expert  • Provided clear and concise documentation regarding requirements management plans, Functional Requirements, supplemental Requirements, Test Plans and Test Cases.  • Performed activities supporting the project roll out e.g. the UAT template for Business User, User Sign Off, the Help Desk  Script and Action Steps and Site Maintenance document.  • Led Scrum Retrospective Meetings to identify the results of each Sprint Cycle and documenting and sharing Lessons  Learned.  • Coached team over embracing Scrum Values (Courage, Commitment, Focus, Respect, & Openness) over impediments & knowledge sharing workshop for new team member  • Identified and mitigated team risks and impediments (Blocking Issues, Critical Defects) on daily basis  • Used different Retrospective Techniques like Silent Writing, Mad Sad Glad, Sail Boat and Safety Check to inspect the Sprint  procedure and adapt to the procedure that would increase the productivity of the teams  • Responsible for daily scrum meetings, Monthly Reviews meetings, Sprint Retrospectives for continuous improvement.  • Created data flow documentation, data mapping and data transformation specifications.  • Analyzed, Understood & documented complex business requirements in existing data warehouse logics and completed data  profiling and data quality assessments based on the rule.  • Supported the Product Owner to ensure the backlog has sufficient prioritized user stories at a ready status to stay ahead of the Team IT Business Analyst/Product Owner New York City Department of Education - New York, NY June 2015 to May 2017 The New York City Department of Education (NYCDOE) is the largest schooling systems in the United States. The project was to upgrade the existing IBM Identity Security Manager (ISIM) from version 5.1 to version 6.0 and worked on eCommerce initiatives.  The ISIM system initiative will put in place the infrastructure and architecture that will enable provisioning, profile updates and de-provisioning of user accounts in a near real time manner throughout the target systems such as Active Directory, Enterprise  Directory and Mainframe.    Responsibilities:  • Acted as a Product Owner and managed the entire backlog of a project and walked the Development team through the User  Stories as a SME  • Established a more trusted and collaborative team environment where my team can bring up problems without the fear of being blamed or judged  • As a Scrum Master used Agile SCRUM process and managed the sprint planning, backlog grooming, daily stand-ups, and communication. Applied ATDD to further streamline requirements and delivery process.  • Closely interacted with business users, Team Leads, Supervisors, and SMC's, Stakeholders and gathered business  requirements and capabilities.  • Mentored teams, leading them to be self-directed with strong accountability, decision making, conflict resolution and    3  transparency which are agile principles  • Responsible to remove impediments as these projects relies on the data from multiple departments, hence requiring  constant, effective communication to unblock the team and make sure the team remains on task  • Used Territory management as an account sharing system that grants access to accounts and users.  • Defined & executed Project plan, Requirements documentation, WBS, Scope Baseline, Resource planning & acquisition, Risk  assessment & response plan, Quality planning-analysis-management,  • Engaged with other Scrum Masters to increase the effectiveness of the application of Scrum in the organization  • Scheduled and facilitated Sprint Planning, Daily Stand-Up, managed Kanban story board, Sprint Demo & Sprint Retrospective  meetings  • Identified and maintained consistent Sprint velocity and capacity during Sprint planning meeting using metrics related to optimal velocity, average velocity, team velocity and focus factor  • Interacted with developers to report data related bugs thorough JIRA and re-tested the fixed issues.  • Collaborated with the testing partners and acted as an integral part of the Test Strategy formulation, Test Cases translation, and Test Scripts Review.  • Reviewed completed application enhancements and QA test results to ensure that they meet business requirements.  • Wrote detailed UAT test plans and test cases, performed a Traceability of requirements to UAT test cases; executed and provided the results.  • Conducted Business Requirements reviews with Business and Development teams and Impact Analysis of Epics Agile Business Analyst/Product Owner Highway Toll Administration - New York, NY March 2013 to June 2015 The Highway Toll Administration is a midsized organization, which provides IT and tolling services to rental car agencies such as  "Avis" and "Enterprise" rent a car. The project was to build intranet Portals Applications, using the Agile Methodology.  Produced BRD's for upcoming projects and worked on product backlogs by writing User Stories, creating Screen Mockups, wrote  several Use Cases to identify different Business Process Flows.    Responsibilities:  • Created User Stories into Product Backlog Items (PBIs) and led PBI grooming sessions for Prioritization and Sprint planning  • Lead PBI Grooming Sessions with the SCRUM team to groom PBIs into value added Pieces of Work (POW)  • Conducted Business Requirements reviews with Business and Development teams and Impact Analysis of Epics  • Created User Stories into Product Backlog Items (PBIs) and lead PBI grooming sessions for Prioritization and Sprint planning  • Led PBI Grooming Sessions with the SCRUM team to groom PBIs into value added Pieces of Work (POW)  • Created Narratives, Activity Diagrams, Process Flows and Sequence diagrams to elucidate requirements for Architecture, Development and Testing in Use Case Specifications and Requirements Specification  • Mentored junior BAs and enforced the BA process to adhere to using requirements and use case templates and Agile User  Story creation  • Conducted Business Requirements reviews with Business and Development teams and Impact Analysis of Epics  • Led Impact Analysis meetings to incorporate and do a feasibility of requirement changes Business Analyst New York Community Bank, NY May 2010 to March 2013 Traditional Waterfall Project where the goal of the project was to implement an intranet portal and a custom CRM as a HR  solution, worked with onshore and off shore teams to implement the project. My primary roles were to drive JAD sessions and create Wireframes and Mock ups which would be used for the development of the Intranet Portal and CRM.    Responsibilities:  • Facilitated in designing the wireframes for the self-service portal and authored the Functional Requirement Document.  • Designed and developed Use Cases, Activity Diagrams, and Sequence Diagrams using  • Conducted requirement workshops among all project stakeholders to verify and validate the business requirements.  • Conducted GAP Analysis in understanding how the upgraded system carries out the business functions and assists in ensuring the timely and effective implementation and conducted feasibility.  • Attended the Sprint Retrospective meetings with the scrum master and the scrum team to review what went well and what  should be improved.  • Involved in reviewing Test Cases with the QA team to verify implementation of new features and enhancements Education BA in Business Communications & Political Science CUNY Baruch College Skills Use case, Rup, Jad, Sharepoint, Jira, Agile Scrum, PM, CSM, Scrum Master, Scrum