Process Documentation Specialist Process Documentation Specialist Process Documentation Specialist Seattle, WA Project Manager and Business Analyst specializing in the IT space, utilizing both Agile and Waterfall methodologies. Experience consulting with teams on technology solutions to achieve project goals, quickly identifying and adjusting to fluctuating project impediments. Strong interpersonal and leadership skills with the ability to interact with cross-functional and inter-divisional project teams. Excellent communication skills, comfortable interacting directly with customers as well as corporate management teams. Work Experience Process Documentation Specialist Seattle University March 2019 to June 2019 Establish baseline process workflows with cross-functional teams to identify and document functional processes  ? Create standard operating procedures and process documentation models  ? Implement process improvement standards (CIS) w/in ITILv3  ? Use of LEAN/SixSigma methodologies to provide efficiency improvements Project Manager Boeing October 2014 to May 2017 Managed all aspects of Delivery Systems Configuration Control Board for internal hardware infrastructure  ? Facilitated full lifecycle release upgrades for Boeing commercial infrastructure practicing SAFe principles  ? Maintained Boeing infrastructure security, compliance, and functional requirements  ? Developed relationship with up/downstream business partners to create innovative solutions to current and future models of operation  ? Analyzed & reported business critical data to senior management for risk analysis  ? Conducted business analysis of internal processes against partner workflow and deployment deadlines to create a more efficient process flow using lean strategies IT Business Systems Analyst Boeing June 2012 to October 2014 Conducted unplanned outage recovery cost study for Boeing Commercial Airlines and presented to management  ? Developed and communicated business cases for improvement/overhaul of processes and projects  ? Collaborated with internal and external clients to solve process defects, enterprise system issues, and general process improvement  ? Managed IT risk and drove associated resolutions  ? Oversaw general IT governance aligning with ISO9001 standards; assisted with yearly surveillance and re-certification audits  ? Develop and maintain internal tracking system to report and manage process defects and risks Software Analyst Boeing April 2011 to May 2012 Supported and analyzed line support of applications, including break-fix maintenance for main production systems  ? Participated in quality assurance procedures, including feedback on troubleshooting methods and proper documentation of business standard processes  ? Engaged teams across different platforms via escalation processes and workflow management towards solution.  ? Utilized SDLC methodologies for product deployments and technology obsolescence projects Education B.S. in Physics Washington State University 2008 Skills Business analysis, Requirements gathering, Pmp certification, Pmp, Ms project Additional Information Skills:  Project Management: Current PMP certification, Agile/Scrum with IT teams  Software: Jira, Microsoft Office Suite, MS Project/Visio  ? Knowledge of project management processes (Waterfall, Agile, Scrum), requirements gathering, and business analysis  ? Experience in analyzing, defining, and mapping business processes while producing project artifacts and business process models as needed for assigned projects