Scheduling Coordinator Scheduling Coordinator Scheduling Coordinator - Insight Global Morrisville, NC Work Experience Scheduling Coordinator Insight Global March 2019 to Present Contract position with Cintas through Insight Global. Responsible for coordinating over 100 appointments daily, often valued over $100,000. Performed scheduling duties by making outbound calls to confirm and verify client information. Maintained organization and call data for reports while utilizing Excel and internal databases. Revise and provide SOW upon request. Project Manager Conversis June 2018 to March 2019 Permanent position. Ended due to branch closing. Managed translation and localization projects cost effectively, efficiently and to the highest quality standards. Closely governed each project or task, ensuring that client deadlines are met. Participated actively in client emails and meetings with clients, peers, translators, developers and managers. Successfully handled multiple projects at the same time. Project Manager GDH Consulting October 2017 to April 2018 6-month contract with Cisco through GDH Consulting. Built and maintained relationships with internal and external managers by regularly communicating, clarifying inquiries and jointly resolving issues with Cisco's payroll department. Managed and reviewed timecard to ensure accuracy and report any discrepancies. Aided in budget request and end to end onboarding of new staff augmentation, candidate selection, and systems training. Created and revised SOW's. IT JR Project Manager Apex Systems June 2017 to October 2017 4-month contract with Verizon through Apex Systems. Coordinated with field techs and network engineers to execute activations. Created and maintained project schedules by tracking progress during project to ensure successful project completion. Assisted in identifying, diagnosing failed sites. Maintained quality standards of on-going investigations between pertinent channels and departments. Education B.S in Computer Science University of Maryland Skills Crm, Strategic planning, Scheduling, Data entry, Time management, Cost management, Quality assurance, Front Desk, Customer Service Links http://linkedin.com/jadeporte Additional Information Skills    ? Data entry  ? CRM Platforms  ? Scheduling  ? Cost Management  ? Time Management  ? Strategic Planning  ? Customer Facing  ? Quality Assurance