IT Project Manager Consultant, ING Bank Italy <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Consultant, ING Bank Italy IT Project Manager and Global Strategy Consultant San Francisco, CA Former project manager getting an MBA in San Francisco to work in a company building products and services everyone uses or will use. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager Consultant, ING Bank Italy RELEWANT SA - Lugano, CH 2015 to 2016 Project Leader in the IT Services (Infrastructure) department of one of the most innovative banks in Europe. Responsible for the success of increasingly critical projects over the years.    • Led up to 3 teams in parallel towards project goals, removed roadblocks and managed stakeholder expectations.  • Negotiated contracts with providers and controlled significant project costs which were always higher than 250000€.  • Applied Project Management best practices to accurately document and report progress against expectations.  • Interfaced and collaborated with cross-functional teams and all departments impacted by the projects at hand.  • Coordinated and liaised with 20+ Information Technology and Professional Services providers to complete projects on time and on budget while ensuring post- project operations efficiency and effectiveness.  • Proposed and tested Agile Project Management practices in an often ambiguous organizational environment.    Projects:  • Successfully delivered 2 concurrent software upgrade and migration projects: SAS and Oracle Warehouse Builder.  • Completed 3 IT for Business projects: VISA renewal, CQS Backup Servicer, Open New Branches in Italy.  • Executed feasibility, kickoff, design and begun implementation of a 3-year IT Infrastructure Outsourcing Project. Junior IT Project Manager Consultant, Aduno SILEDO GLOBAL SA - Lugano, CH 2014 to 2015 Collaborated with senior project managers in the Swiss payment  services company for it to achieve the Banking License by delivering on projects in the fields of IT Governance, Risk and Compliance, Business Continuity, Disaster Recovery and Operations BPR. Junior IT Consultant THE INNOVATION GROUP - Milano, IT 2012 to 2013 Developed a tool to assess a company's readiness to adopt Cloud Solutions or their Digital Innovation Strategy. Crafted  Project Management and IT Consulting courses. Consulted banks on Corporate Real Estate Management.    Additional Information  Affiliation: Oracle Community for Security. Presented a framework for information security risk management to 100 IT  experts. Co-authored 2 books (http://c4s.clusit. it/). Translated other publications from Italian to English. Currently  contributor of the site http://europrivacy.eu/  Work Authorizations: USA Citizenship, European Union Citizenship Education MBA in Finance Hult International Business School - San Francisco, CA August 2017 Master of Science in Economics and Management of Innovation and Technology Università Commerciale Luigi Bocconi - Milan, IT December 2013 Bachelor in Economics and Management Università Commerciale Luigi Bocconi - Milan, IT October 2011 Skills Project Management (3 years), Management consulting (3 years), IT Service Management (3 years) Links http://linkedin.com/in/dominickleiweke Certifications/Licenses ITIL v3