EPIC ClinDoc Principal Trainer EPIC ClinDoc Principal Trainer Chino, CA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience EPIC ClinDoc Principal Trainer City of Hope September 2016 to October 2017 Ancillary Nurse (Dialysis, PICC, Wound), Case Management, Quality,  City of Hope  Durante, CA 09/16 - 10/17  • Performed Training environment build and configuration.  • Updated and revised instructional lesson plans, Quick Start Guides, on-line Assessments, and exercises for Clin Doc - Ancillary [Therapies - PT, OT, SLP], Spiritual Care, Case Management, Quality, Ancillary Nurse [Dialysis, PICC, Wound].  • Created Learning Home Dashboards (LHD). EPIC ClinDoc Credential Trainer Texas Scottish Rite Hospital - Dallas, TX June 2016 to September 2016 • Deliver instructor-led classroom training to Inpatient nurses and ancillary clinicians.  • Updated and revised instructional lesson plans and exercises. EPIC ClinDoc Credential Trainer MD Anderson Cancer Center - Houston, TX September 2015 to May 2016 • Deliver instructor-led classroom training to Inpatient nurses and ancillary clinicians.  • Updated and revised instructional lesson plans, exercises, and Quick Start Guides.    Cell: 951-318-9571  Email Address: wynetta25@yahoo.com    Deloitte - Consulting  Costa Mesa, CA 03/2012 to 8/2015 Credential Trainer Northwest Community Hospital January 2015 to August 2015 • Trained ancillary staff on the epic inpatient module with a primary focus of nurses, and facilitating six hour classroom training.  • "Go Live" support as a Zone Lead and elbow support.  • Provided support to providers (CPOE and elbow support)    Deloitte - Consulting Project Associate Catholic Health Initiative - Tacoma, WA March 2012 to January 2015 • Building Inpatient Clinical Documentation for several departments.  • Updating Surescripts access for providers.  • Provided On Call Support.  • Created and developed Application Testing and Integrating Testing scripts for end user testing.  • Performed gap analysis on charges triggered for the Inpatient Departments.  • Triggered charges for Inpatient departments to ens0ure the build for this process is accurately being performed by the Hospital Billing Department. EPIC Trainer/Consultant Mobile Infirmary Medical Center - Mobile, AL June 2011 to November 2011 Summer 2009) Delivered instructor led training to end users for the implementation of EPIC, an Electronic Medical Records (EMR) software package. Class content delivered in one to eight hour daily sessions. Group size varies from 1 - 15 in classrooms setting.  • Provide support on "Go Live" Days. As department uses program for the first time, support is provided by trainers so that charting can be completed successfully.  Develop Instructor's Guides, Exercises, Assessments, and Job Aids IT - Business Analysis Consultant - Senior Cedar Sinai Hospital - West Hollywood, CA September 2010 to November 2010 supported nurses and clinical support staff for Epic Phase 2 Inpatient Functional "    Cell: 951-318-9571  Email Address: wynetta25@yahoo.com Project Manager II Kaiser Permanente - Pasadena, CA January 2006 to May 2009 lead and provide expert leadership in education and instruction of multidisciplinary teams on Kaiser Permanente HealthConnect electronic medical record (EMR - EPIC)system to include ambulatory and inpatient applications for Phase I and II.  • Plan and facilitate meetings to assess and recommend revisions to workflows to ensure successful and efficient use of HealthConnect applications.  • Act as Command Center Captain to oversee KPHC support staff during system go lives, Review Team Deployment and Bar Coding Medication Administration Deployment.  • Functional "Go-Live" support for multidisciplinary teams providing one on one and group presentations as needed.  • Act as a liaison to problem solve issues and assist staff with creating system tools.    System Experience  Software / Products: EpicCare Inpatient Clinical Documentation  General Tools: Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Word, Microsoft Power Point, Microsoft Visio Education Masters of Management in Management University of Redlands Bachelor of Science in Business Appalachian University Skills Microsoft Office, Excel Additional Information • Ability to lead and manage highly visible, sensitive and multifaceted projects.  • Understanding of healthcare business and healthcare delivery processes.  • Excellent verbal and written communication skills.  • Experience with Epic Ambulatory, Epic Inpatient, and Clinical Documentation.  • Clin Doc Credential Trainer.  • Principal Trainer (ClinDoc - Ancillary).  • Computer skills to include Excel, MS Word, Access, and Power Point.