Senior Salesforce Product Manager Senior Salesforce Product <span class="hl">Manager</span> Senior Salesforce Product Manager - Goldman Sachs Los Angeles, CA Experienced Certified Scrum Master and Certified Scrum Product Owner with several large-scale projects completed for Fortune 500 companies. Expert in product management, mass media, banking, and technology. Previous positions have instilled excellent working habits, discipline, and the tools needed to collaborate with and motivate remote team members. My Masters in Public Administration has equipped me with the necessary tools and methods for engaging, analyzing, and solving complex organizational issues no matter the industry. Work Experience Senior Salesforce Product Manager Goldman Sachs March 2019 to Present • Develop product collateral such as private capital underwriting backlog, salesforce product backlog, Pardot landing pages, Pardot acquisition marketing templates, and the release management process. Participate in the hands-on creation of private capital process mapping and reengineering, wireframes, storyboards and clickable prototypes ensuring the voice of the customer is deeply ingrained in all product aspects. Oversaw rollout of Black Mountain LOS.  • Instrumental in evaluating and approving the platforms design, digital experience, content strategy, backend architecture, and roadmap while driving the ongoing digital transformation of the financial technology space. Determining where to disrupt, transform, or innovate across the company. IT Program Manager Green Dot Bank July 2018 to March 2019 Managed a global team of 60+ engineers and managers across a geographically dispersed area for the secured credit card program. Directed front-end and back-end engineering, data management, architecture, CRM/ IVR development, credit processing API integration, and financial projections.  Worked with various processing venders to ensure deadlines were met.  • Managed the delivery of digital channels including infrastructure, product, QA, consumer digital banking, gateway API, etc. Managed key internal business partners including marketing, deposit services, revenue, accounting and risk management teams to manage the cross-channel banking secured credit card portfolio experience. Managed remote project managers and developers. IT Product Manager Ness Digital Engineering April 2017 to February 2018 Owned the full project life cycle, from strategic planning to technical activities to software sales and client procurement. Created database infrastructure from scratch, rest API data ingestion documentation, and SaaS Go to market plan. Delivered solutions with an equal focus on managing telecommuting software development teams and rolling out valuable software to our customers. IT Project Manager Walt Disney Studios January 2017 to April 2017 Worked to migrate ad marketing product and Spring Infrastructure to the international organization. Work directly with product teams and licensees both domestically and internationally to communicate requirements, inspect region specific information and identify process gaps due to business needs. IT Project Manager NBC Universal March 2016 to December 2016 Worked as point of contact for multiple vendors with various technology stacks and requirements in order to facilitate multiple database integrations, server upgrades and data security enhancements. Collaborated with technical teams to develop and maintain end-to-end project plans. IT Project Manager 20th Century Fox March 2015 to March 2016 Worked on the migration of highly sensitive media content and critical applications to a DMZ dual firewall network for security. Worked with C-level executives to determine project budgets, risk, scope, and high-level technical goals. Served as salesforce administrator for marketing team. IT Project Manager Time Warner June 2014 to March 2015 Migrated and aggregated mission-critical sensitive customer data to new environments and business intelligence tools to provide senior leadership with high-level customer information and key performance indicators. Facilitated one of the largest telecommunication mergers attempts. IT Business Analyst Waste Management April 2013 to May 2014 Worked closely with managers to develop RFP responses, assemble RFI data, and overcome objections for multiple client proposed scenarios. Proposed financial recommendations and solutions based on client research and relationships. Developed and released salesforce CRM gap solution. Credit Analyst Citi Bank July 2012 to January 2013 Researched personal financial statements and tax returns for individual guarantors. Developed guarantor global cash flow analysis and evaluated a guarantor's ability to service debt. Banker JP Morgan Chase September 2011 to March 2012 Provided financial advice, portfolio management, and reviews to personal and business customers. Education Masters in Public Administration in Public Administration Texas Southern University 2011 Bachelor of Science in Public Law & Government in Public Law & Government Eastern Michigan University 2010 Computer Science Tuskegee University 2005 to 2006 Skills Coaching (Less than 1 year), credit (3 years), credit card (3 years), Hp-ux (Less than 1 year), Jira (Less than 1 year), Product Management (3 years) Additional Information A review of my qualifications will showcase superb results with Fortune 500 companies like NBC Universal, JP Morgan Chase, and 20th Century Fox combined with hands on technical skills, a phenomenal work ethic, task management and a passion for project management. I am highly regarded for my capacity to lead pace-setting teams and key projects, overseeing budgets of up to $10 million and positively impacting up to $20 million in new revenues.    I also have vast experience in product management, developing detailed workflow procedures and automating solutions. I believe that my combination of technical skills, consulting experience, and time management would serve your company well in this position.    In addition to that I also coach 100% remote development teams in self-organization, continuous improvement, remote communication tools, dependency management, conflict resolution, and software craftsmanship.                           If your company is interested in attaining these skills, then I am the right fit for your open position    Other highlights of my career that will ensure I have an immediate impact at your company would be:     Exceptional training and academic qualifications, including a Master of Public Administration from Texas Southern University.    Orchestrated high-performance global team of 60+ engineers and managers for a vital Secured Credit Card portfolio, using industry best practices to handle a budget of $7 million while driving ongoing digital transformation and innovation.    The attached resume will provide a more complete overview of my accomplishments. However what it is unable to show is that I am a self-motivated individual, who can maintain the company’s values and standards for the highest personal and corporate ethics through honesty, fair dealings and constant thoughtfulness in all my interactions.    I am available for an interview at any time, and should you require any further information please do not hesitate to contact me. In the meantime thank you sincerely for taking the time to read my application, and I am looking forward to an opportunity to speak to you in more detail regarding my candidacy for this position.    Sincerely,    Michael S. Barnes II, MPA, CSM, CSPO