Operations IT Department Head Operations <span class="hl">IT</span> Department Head Operations IT Department Head - Heubach Bethlehem, PA Work Experience Operations IT Department Head Heubach - Fairless Hills, PA February 2018 to Present As the IT Department Head my responsibilities include and are not limited to:  • Devising and establishing IT policies and systems to support the implementation of strategies set by upper management  • Analyzing the business requirements of all departments to determine their technology needs  • Manage the company's technology operations and the implementation of new IT systems and policies  • Oversee all technology operations (Macola ERP, SAP, Networking, Systems DBA) and evaluate them according to established goals  • Identify the need for upgrades, configurations or new systems and report to upper management  • Purchase efficient and cost-effective technological equipment and software  • Coordinating IT activities to ensure data availability and network services with as little downtime as necessary  • Managing all or part of the IT department, including directly supervising employees, hiring team members, and handling employee concerns and performance  • Overall goal is to ensure IT systems and people are effective and functioning within the limits of budget, time and specifications of the company.  Project Milestones:  1. ERP Implementation  a. Project Lead for Exact Macola to SAP ECC implementation  2. In-house development of Forecasting Tool & Sales Analysis Tool using Exact Macola and SAP ERP Systems.  a. Tools developed using SQL/Python  3. Systems Upgrades  a. Avaya IP Office to 3CX VOIP Implementation  b. POP 3 to Office 365 Implementation  c. Infrastructure Upgrades  i. Switches - 3COM to Ubiquiti  ii. Sonicwall VPN upgrade IT Operations Sr. Analyst/ SAP APO Deployer L'Oreal USA - Berkeley Heights, NJ July 2016 to February 2018 While working in IT Operations, I had the opportunity to work in 3 full SAP deployment projects with my responsibilities not limited to:  ? Responsible for mid-term planning, Master Scheduling and Short Term planning in ECC and APO  * PPDS/SNP Planning  ? Part of a weekly travel team to/from Mexico City for SAP ECC and APO Implementation from scratch.  ? Ensuring cutover tasks/ takeover tasks are completed in ECC and APO environments  ? Data migration using SAP LSMW/ Filezilla/ LeechFTP not limited to production orders, bulk orders, subcontracting order, and master data migration  ? Training users on using SAP ECC and APO for production use- this included:  * Creation/Modification of internal/external production orders for finished goods and bulk  * Creation/Modification of Master Data parameters to ensure products are planned correctly and within MRP guidelines  * Parameterization of MRP areas to ensure components/ raw materials are planned and delivered JIT with limited safety stock Master Data Manager L'Oreal USA - Somerset, NJ February 2016 to July 2016 As an MDM, I analyzed SAP data and worked with cross-functional teams to:  ? Maintain clean Master data for plant using ECC MM and APO MAT1  ? Hold daily/weekly/monthly meetings to show trends and progress on most common errors  ? Daily master data checks within SAP ECC and APO environments:  * Consistency checks between systems using CCR1  * Clearing any blocking data in CQ1 by correcting master data and then using CIF to ensure data is maintained in both SAP ECC and APO  * Opening views of new products to ensure plant can see them and plan them  ? Maintained detailed documentation of process flow diagrams and operational support on correcting Master Data issues  ? Created and presented presentations to plant management committee on plant master data  ? Prepared management reports relating to data cleansing and classification tasks  ? Supported data governance processes and ERP system implementation  ? Training our Local business owners on the affects Master data has if incorrect  ? On boarding new hires on master data importance and general SAP training for new hires  ? Designed and developed daily/weekly/monthly reports using SQL to send to plant  ? Projects completed:  ? Apriso Flexnet upgrade from V9 to V10 (SAP-Apriso Flexnet Integration)  ? Identified and trained project team on new version of system  ? Test scenarios built around a cosmetic manufacturing facility: IE weighed bulks and Raw Materials, Opened/Closing Production orders in SAP with interface to send to FlexNet, Calling materials to line using Flexnet, scrapping bulk/materials in FlexNet system, re-integration of materials back to warehouse via Flexnet, sending picking requests to shuttle teams and warehouse teams to ensure materials and all associated forms were printed  ? Manage the implementation of the Apriso Software suite throughout the entire project lifecycle  ? Manage project scope and customer expectations  ? Responsible for project risk management at proposal stage and throughout project, making plans to minimize and mitigate risks  ? Responsible for all project planning and control including budget, schedule, customer satisfaction, ensuring successful execution to plan (including: getting all required sign-offs, keeping all parties informed of plans, progress and issues)  ? Ensure quality of deliverables via an agreed to quality assurance approach and by providing support to the project team  ? Lead internal process improvement of Apriso business practices and procedures  ? Identify and work with appropriate team to assure successful project completion  ? Report status and issues regularly, identifying and diagnosing issues and needs, escalating as far as necessary to resolve in both Apriso and customer organization  ? Present training content or other business content as required  ? Support and record post- project reviews  ? Experience in different modules of Apriso (Production, Quality, Warehouse, Maintenance, Time & Labor, Process Builder, Global Process Manager)  ? Experience in Business Integrator or middleware for integration with SAP and other enterprise applications Project Engineer L'Oreal USA - Somerset, NJ August 2015 to February 2016 As a project engineer, managed two projects from start to full implementation by:  ? Reviewing project plans and proposals, then working with management to develop project objectives. Identified project responsibilities by determining the phases and elements of the project.  ? Prepare and distribute a description and timeline of the project using MS Project  ? Studying product design, customer requirements performance standards, then determine project specifications. Presents cost estimates and performance standards. Conducts tests assuring safe and satisfactory product performance.  ? Reviewing contractor bids; interviews and assigns personnel to specific phases and elements of the project. Through project coordination meetings and other forms of communication, oversees and coordinates the technical aspects of the project.  ? Preparing status reports and regularly monitors budgets, contractors and schedules. Allocates project resources appropriately; approves expenditures; employee contractor contracts. Keeps an accurate record and electronic data base of all elements of the projects.  ? Projects completed:  ? Infrastructure upgrade/ Wi-Fi install across plant  * More than 60,000 feet of Cat 5/6 and fiber optic cable ran along optimal route  * 85 + access points across plant to fully cover all areas with minimal "dead zones"  * $1,000,000 budget, finished under budget and 8 days ahead of schedule  ? SPI (Systems Performance Indicators)  * OEE/Labor Efficiency application to be implemented on 40 + packaging lines including rework lines  * 60 + users trained in line and with hands on approach  * 3 month pilot phase across all internal teams to expose teams to changes from current to new process  * Daily/Weekly meetings held with internal teams to go over reporting/data received from application to better understand/tweak system to liking  * Building out existing reporting using SQL to bring in SPI data to these reports Contract Manufacturing Production Planner L'Oreal USA - Somerset, NJ April 2014 to August 2015 Proven project management skills by managing 10 different contract manufacturers with different portfolios of cosmetic products plans met on a monthly basis by:  ? Maintaining production schedules using SAP for contract manufacturers to ensure monthly plan is achieved.  ? Liaising with Launch Managers/ Suppliers to ensure all inventories is delivered to contract manufacturers to meet Product Availability Date to market.  ? Working with engineering plans and production specifications to establish productions schedules and capacity requirements for each managed contract manufacturer.  ? Utilizing capabilities of contract manufacturers to help reduce waste/cost on inventory and level load production throughout the month to ensure on time shipment of product.  ? Working closely with supply chain to ensure that raw materials/inventory are made available JIT (Just In Time) to achieve on time shipment of product.  ? Create, release, and maintain manufacturing work orders/Purchase orders as required using SAP to support demand requirements.  ? Organize and run weekly production meeting with contract manufacturers and other product functions.  ? Working closely with Quality/Engineering/Packaging/ Logistics teams to ensure that samples are delivered in time for monthly demands/ attending line trails for new products/ kick off calls with new SKU products.  ? Support inventory record accuracy goal achievement and monthly cycle count reconciliation efforts for internal inventory and inventory at contract manufacturers using inventory tool AIR.  ? Full understanding of product lines, schedules, customer contract requirements, material requirements, forecast, supplier material coverage, internal factory and external supplier capacity and build plans, supplier delivery schedules, any/all production issues in order to resolve, communicate and escalate where necessary, and ensure a continuous flow of material to meet customer expectations.  ? Built and generate reports to communicate key performance indicators/metrics using MS Access for each contract manufacturer.  ? Responsible for evaluating inventory levels of manufactured products and for driving inventory reduction initiatives through process improvement and other inventory management methodology / tools. Technical Support Analyst MedAvante Inc - Township of Hamilton, NJ December 2012 to April 2014 Providing outstanding customer service was a cornerstone to my success in this role which I accomplished through the following activities  ? Handled technical troubleshooting within a mixed Windows/Mac enterprise environment for all our in-house programs.  ? Provides guidance, assistance, coordination and follow up on client questions, problems or malfunctions of all systems applications, hardware and software installed and maintained by the company.  ? Provide global IT support to all users in offices across the globe.  ? Document problems and solutions in help desk-tracking system.  ? Create/Maintain/Deploy workstation images using Acronis and Dell Kace.  ? Using Active Directory for various functions not limited to, adding new users, modifying existing user's permissions, enabling/disabling accounts and features, email forwarding, share permissions.  ? Helped in the process of migrating our Exchange infrastructure from 2003 to Office 365.  ? Installing and troubleshooting VMWare Virtual Desktops.  ? Quality checking equipment using various scripts before deploying to external sites.  ? Using WASP Inventory Management system to add/modify/depreciate existing and future assets.  ? Created SQL queries to run inventory reports from WASP database to ensure that packing supplies and other daily needed products were in stock.  ? Responsible for the installation, configuration, maintenance and upgrade of computer hardware and software.  ? Provide support for audio-visual systems including repair and/or replacement of projectors, cabling etc.  ? Videoconference administration and support using PolyCom systems.  ? Maintain and support local VOIP system- ShoreTel.  ? Helped develop mobile in-house app to be deployed for iOS/Android/Blackberry devices to be used with scheduling of assessments for physicians.  ? Responsible for assigning tickets to rest of IT team based on expertise.  ? Responsible for running weekly AD extracts using LDAP Browser to connect with external training system-Cornerstone. Technical Support Analyst StayinFront - Fairfield, NJ December 2011 to December 2012 Handled technical troubleshooting within an enterprise environment, including system crashes, slow-downs and data recoveries.  ? Engaged and tracked Priority 1 and 2 issues, with responsibility for the timely documentation, escalation (if appropriate), resolution and closure of trouble tickets using a ticketing system.  ? These included Active Directory password resets/adding new users  ? CRM troubleshooting  ? General OS issues  ? VPN issues  ? Connectivity issues  ? Outlook issues  ? Responsible for quality control of CRM software for iOS devices. Research Analyst/Programmer Intern Optimal Solutions Inc - Bridgewater, NJ March 2012 to July 2012 Helping program and develop a working transportation model using Gurobi Solver and Python.  ? Brainstorming and implementing ideas for new website using Adobe Photoshop and DreamWeaver.  ? Researching pharmaceutical companies that could be targeted for an iOS mobile application using Markov models and Natural History modeling.    Selected Contributions:  • Picked by our clients to travel to software roll-outs and to facilitate in training of our CRM software.  • Exceeded issue-resolution targets and achieved exemplary customer satisfaction scores, consistently scoring between 95%-100% on all calls (outperforming average of 90%).  • Handled 30+ technical/mission-critical calls daily and 60+ on a monthly basis to consistently meet high service standards.  Relevant Courses  • Target Costing  ? Placed 1st in 10 week simulation for developing a "phone" watch and going through the engineering phases and target costing of product. Revenue stream was dramatically higher than the other 15 students in the class.  • Supply Chain Engineering  ? Final project that I participated in that we presented to the head of our department. We were given a company and a product and had to do everything from the supply chain, logistics, target costing, transportation model, etc. *See attached.  • Environmental Health and Safety  • Production Science  • Factory Simulation  • Facility Planning & Design  • Production Planning & Control  Available for Relocation & Travel Education Bachelor's in Business Technology Management NYU Tandon School of Engineering - Brooklyn, NY September 2007 to May 2011 M.S. in Industrial Engineering NYU Tandon School of Engineering - Brooklyn, NY Skills Microsoft Office (10+ years)