TEK Systems consultant TEK Systems consultant TEK Systems consultant Kansas City, MO Work Experience TEK Systems consultant Blue Cross Blue Shield of Kansas City August 2018 to May 2019 Led engagement with vendor FJA to implement their Underwriting Workbench (UWB) product  through kickoff, Joint Application Design Sessions, and two test releases. Identified key risk that  FJA had no prior experience for this particular implementation. Resolved by adding two testing  releases (from 5 to 7) and vendor commitment to absorb associated incremental costs.  • Scrum Master for a new team focused on development in Microsoft Dynamics D365 and other  customer engagement solution applications using the Scaled Agile Framework. Led team through nine sprints and two program increment planning exercises.  • Completed project work on a suite of Power BI and Crystal reports designed to support the Spira  Care initiative launched in January 2018. Senior Project Manager Intouch Solutions - Overland Park, KS March 2016 to July 2018 Led project team in the design & development of onepath.com, the first website Intouch  developed for the Salesforce Community Cloud. Site included a portal for pre-authenticated  patients developed via the Lightning Design System. The portal allows a patient to interact with client support staff and directly manage their physician, pharmacy, site of care, insurance and  other information stored in the client's Salesforce Service Cloud (managed by Accenture).  o Prioritized and managed development, Business Systems Analyst and Quality Assurance  work via a Kanban board (Trello) to ensure team met schedule and quality expectations.  o Managed API development, end-to-end testing and deployment activities with Accenture.  o OnePath was deployed on schedule with only one minor production issue.  • Managed and delivered dozens of digital and print projects, including banner ads, brochures, emails (ad-hoc, campaign & Veeva), Facebook content and advertising, YouTube channels and  content, patient videos, and website launches and refreshes. IT Project Manager II Commerce Bank - Kansas City, MO June 2014 to March 2016 • Implemented IBM's Sterling Integrator Electronic Data Interchange (EDI) application and completed five of nine phases to migrate 800+ clients from the legacy EDI system.  • Led team with Fiserv and Nuance Communications to architect and deliver a replacements  system for Fiserv's ACH voice response system on schedule and budget.  • Delivered Fiserv's SmarterPay product on schedule and budget.  • Led financial team in collaboration with vendor DayNine to migrate Commerce Bank financial  management capabilities from PeopleSoft to Workday. TEK Systems consultant TEK Systems - Overland Park, KS September 2013 to March 2014 Led development team in creating twenty Digital Sales Aids (DSA), HTML5 applications deployed  via the Veeva Vault CMS cloud for use by sales representatives. Wrote a comprehensive DSA  Project Plan to improve process efficiency and product quality. Scrum Product Owner H&R Block - Kansas City, MO August 2010 to May 2012 • Scrum Product Owner for H&R Block's CRM system used by 100,000+ Tax Professionals and office leaders to manage client appointments and staff work schedules.  • Collaborated with IT to transition development team from waterfall to Scrum in June 2011.  • Led team through ten successful sprints and three production releases, delivering all key  functionality requested by executive management.  • Met with other product development teams to solicit features for inclusions into sprints. TEK Systems consultant TEK Systems - Kansas City, MO June 2009 to March 2010 Assumed ITPM role on the H&R Block @ Home Silverlight Pilot project eleven weeks prior to launch. Successfully led HRB resources and three vendor teams located at five sites through final  coding and all testing to have pilot ready for launch. This $4M+ project migrated the @ Home  tax return product offered on H&R Block.com to a platform leveraging Microsoft's Silverlight  technology.  o Partnered with business to de-scope functionality not critical to the success of the pilot.  o Collaborated with testing leads to create detailed test case execution schedules.  o Provided daily guidance to the development teams on priority order to resolve open  defects. Team fixed 93% of the 2,920 defects opened against 2,117 test cases.  o Presented weekly update to HRB IT executive team on project status and activities  underway to mitigate project risks that would prevent deployment.  • Collaborated with program team to manage and implement changes to IT systems in support of H&R Block Best of Both, a new product that integrated H&R Block's digital and retail channels.  o Directly led the HRB IT sub-team responsible for coding, testing and deploying changes  to the thirteen retail systems impacted by project. Work delivered on schedule and under budget.  o Created the end-to-end testing plan, test case data and testing schedule.  o Contributed to program team success by creating and managing a detailed, program- wide project schedule. Compiled and broadcast a comprehensive list on a weekly basis of upcoming key tasks and owners to ensure project stayed on schedule and team  members understood responsibilities. E-COM consultant H&R Block - Kansas City, MO July 2008 to May 2009 Directed and led application development and testing teams in conjunction with two vendors to implement a new version of Tax Pro Finder (TPF)  • Led team through all system development life cycle activities to deliver eight code deployments  in a nine-month window. All deployments were on schedule and met business expectations, resulting in a five-fold increase in the number of appointments booked via TPF.  • Managed vendor relationships, with focus on meeting schedule milestones and issue resolution.  • Partnered with HRB legal team to prepare Statements of Work to define vendor engagements.  • Managed relationship with hosting vendor, including resolution of all hardware-related issues. Education Master of Business Administration in Management Information Systems George Washington University Certified ScrumMaster Metropolitan Community College Skills Project leadership, Dynamics, Workday, Api, Html, System development, Visio, Requirements analysis, Technical design, Sharepoint, Css, Optimization, Jira, Cost control, Vendor management, Design review, Budget, Test planning, Microsoft office, Client relations