Independent Contractor Independent Contractor Independent Contractor - DoorDash Fort Mill, SC • I have acquired valuable experience in all aspects of troubleshooting, installations, and maintenance for various desktop operations, hardware, and software applications  • Enthusiastic customer service representative with nine years of such professional experience  • Technical support representative with six years of such professional experience  • I possess a unique talent for translating highly complex technical information into terms and concepts that the end users can readily grasp.  • I have over ten years of professional and personal experience with iOS and Windows operating systems with mobile devices, laptops, and desktops  • I provide preventative maintenance, direct cause analysis, and resolution for technical incident in order to ensure user/company satisfaction Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Independent Contractor DoorDash February 2019 to Present Employed    • Reviewing orders via Dasher application before and after delivery to ensure that orders are complete, the charges are correct, and the customer is satisfied.  • Deliver food and other items from local merchants to customers.  • Loading, transporting, and delivering items to clients or businesses in a safe, timely manner. IT Support Representative Compucom - Fort Mill, SC April 2019 to June 2019 Contracted Position    • Provides support to Realogy brokers and agents on a variety of application issues they may encounter during the sale closing process  • Identifies, researches, and resolves technical problems  • Responds to telephone calls, e-mail and personnel requests for technical support  • Documents, tracks and monitors the problem to ensure a timely resolution  • May involve use of problem management databases and help desk system IT Support Trainer (Converted to) Project Manager BAE Systems - Charlotte, NC October 2018 to November 2018 Contracted Position    • Prepare long and short-range plans for application selection (Blackberry UEM), full life cycle development, systems development, systems maintenance, risk and change management, production activities and for necessary support resources  • Be well organized, thrive in a sense-of-urgency environment, leverage best practices, and innovate through any problem with a can-do attitude  • Responsible for creating and updating project scheduling and knowledge base for project trainers  • Maintain awareness of full program goals and efforts to assure opportunities for shared resources and technical overlap are properly managed and utilized  • Resolves technical problems in a call center/help desk environment. Uses expertise in customer service and technical knowledge gained from prior programming experience to resolve issues surrounding installation, usage, and training on software and/or hardware products as needed  • Blackberry UEM deployment activation/troubleshooting IT Support Analyst Spectrum - Charlotte, NC November 2017 to July 2018 • Responsible for receiving customer support requests via phone and email from Charter employees and contractors worldwide by using advanced troubleshooting techniques to resolve or route issues pertaining to email problems or features, network connectivity, personal hardware, and application problems.  • Handled a case load of approximately 80-100 cases per day. Service Desk Analyst Steritech - Charlotte, NC June 2017 to October 2017 • Provided first internal technical support for Rentokil and Steritech employees.  • Maintain a 6-minute talk time and receive upwards of 50 calls a day.  • End User software Installation and configuration.  • Trace data flow across networks and between networks  • Use remote access tools and troubleshooting.  • Hands on experience with common hardware or mobile devices Technical Support Representative Apple June 2016 to March 2017 • Multitask across systems and applications, analyze, isolate and resolve a variety of complex technical issues, and comfortably navigate a technical environment.  • Effortlessly engage, explaining step by step solutions with patience and an approach tailored to each individual Apple customer. Help Desk Technician State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Company - Rock Hill, SC December 2015 to February 2016 • Provide technical support to diagnose, analyze, research and resolve routine interactions for users  • Interactions may include passwords, installations, setups, error messages, on-line transactions, system status and downtime procedures or basic application troubleshooting, etc.  • Executes incident management, and facilitates interactions for other service management functions  • Provides preventative maintenance, troubleshooting, direct cause analysis, and resolution for routine technical  incidents in order to ensure user satisfaction  • Documents routine user escalations and routes to appropriate technical solution area or resource. Technical Support July 2015 to October 2015 • Receives transactions from Xbox users regarding technical support related needs.  • Determines appropriate action to be taken on customer's behalf, which may include problem. determination and appropriate next steps.  • Tested software and hardware to evaluate ease of use and whether product will aid user in performing work. Benefits Specialist Aon Hewitt - Charlotte, NC September 2014 to February 2015 Utilizes personal computer and Windows NT and Lotus Notes software (knowledge of tools i.e., calculator, data  entry, and navigating the Internet) to access customer accounts and product information for features and problem resolution.  • Assists customers with a wide variety of benefit questions and plan features via information accessed through the computer. Reviews the employee's account and answers questions within the parameters of Aon Hewitt's policies and procedures.    Guest Services Desk Representative Full-Time Employee Target - Rock Hill, SC October 2010 to December 2013 • Operated POS systems (a cash register for cash, check and credit card transactions with 100% accuracy.  • Answered customer telephone calls promptly and in an appropriate manner.  • Determined customer needs by asking relevant questions and listening actively to the responses. Education Associates in Dental Hygiene York Technical College - Rock Hill, SC 2010 to 2012 Skills Cisco, Citrix, Vmware, Blackberry, Android, Xbox, Ios, Iphone, Cms, Remedy, Linux, Unix, Sharepoint, Ms-dos, Java, Ms office, Kronos, Workday, As400, Printers