Systems Administrator II Systems Administrator II Lead Systems Administrator Palm Springs, CA Along with multiple years of management and customer service experience, and my knowledge and involvement in many different disciplines of Information Technology, I have implemented a number of network infrastructures and gained experience with the OSI and TCP/IP models. I currently hold CompTIA Network+, Security+, and A+ certifications, as well as the CompTIA Project+, which will be an asset for the position, as it shows that I have the knowledge required to be an asset to the team. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Systems Administrator II Agua Caliente Band of Cahuilla Indians - Palm Springs, CA November 2016 to Present • Mentor and provide training for other systems administrators.  • Work with IT managers to quickly resolve escalated issues.  • Provide support for property staff, including high-level employees.  • Communicate with other team members to effectively provide support for the properties.  • Work with the IT manager to implement policies on property to increase efficiency and employee satisfaction.  • Create and update software packages for deployment.  • Manage Windows Deployment Server images and ensure necessary patches are applied.  • Manage and audit Active Directory Infrastructure.  • Quickly learn, adapt, and implement policies and procedures. Director of Development Fierce Fox LLC March 2016 to Present • Supervise, mentor, and lead development and design teams.  • Manage application and hardware pools, as well as databases.  • Determine and implement requirements for teams based on stakeholder requirements.  • Create a plan of action regarding changes or issues that may arise from day-to-day operations or planned changes.  • Manage and audit Linux and Windows servers and Azure Active Directory.  • Facilitate communication by leading team discussions of reviewing code and debugging logs to determine the most efficient method of implementing a required task or project.  • Provide escalated customer service assistance to team and internal and external end-users. Account Implementation Supervisor US Xpress Enterprises, Inc January 2011 to November 2015 Manage and coach a team of 100-130 employees  Assist with escalated requests and train employees on standard operating procedures  Plan day-to-day operations  Implement and design new operating procedures and technology  Created documents, spreadsheets, and workflow, and implemented the automation for the spreadsheet used in daily operations.  Solved daily operational problems, including employee safety issues.  Handled a large volume of internal employee and external customer communication, including face-to-face, telephone and email.  Ensured employee compliance with company and federal regulations.  Performed data analysis and managed daily operation and high productivity within an office environment.  Implemented 4DX procedures to increase productivity per employee by 15% and decreased turnover by 30% for the account SBU. IT Manager Mike L Photography, Inc August 2009 to January 2011 • Assist clients with trouble tickets  • Evaluate and implement plans based on availability and requirements  • Recommend, install, and configure new network, computer, and storage equipment  • Provided clients and staff with IT training and support, including Adobe applications, a proprietary CRM, and cloud applications.   • Managed team to evaluate, recommend, and implement plans for photographic sessions.  • Implemented and supported the installation and updates of 15 workstations and a storage area network  • Created workflow automation to ensure proper backups were maintained of all sessions and imported to the CRM properly.  • Managed SQL database and created a front-end for use by all employees to ensure maximized productivity and minimized downtime IT Manager/ Project Manager JP Trucking May 2009 to December 2009 • Implemented an in-cab computer system to allow automated dispatch and communication with drivers.  • Provided technical support for employees and contractors  • Used Google Maps API to create a route solution for each load to ensure proper billing and give directions to drivers.  • Maintained database of customer and employee information to simplify tracking of revenue.   • Ensured employee compliance with company and federal regulations. Education Master's in Information Technology Management Western Governors University - Salt Lake City, UT June 2019 to Present Bachelor's in Information Technology Western Governors University 2015 to March 2019 Associate of Science in Information Technology Southern New Hampshire University 2013 to 2014 Skills System Administrator, Linux, Active Directory, Management (5 years), Powershell, System Administration (10+ years), System Admin Military Service Branch: US Army Service Country: United States Rank: PFC Certifications/Licenses A+ Certification January 2016 to March 2022 Network+ Certification March 2016 to March 2022 Security+ March 2016 to August 2022 Project+ Present MCP Present MCPS: Microsoft Certified Professional Present Linux+ Present LPIC-1 Groups International Game Designers Association Present