Substitute Teacher Substitute Teacher Substitute Teacher - Fox C-6 School District Imperial, MO Manager with extensive leadership experience in coaching and development of local  and remote staff, process and productivity improvements, change management  consulting, performance management, instructional design, and utilization of  gap/root cause analysis and in-depth needs assessments to identify opportunities and  solutions  Four plus years of project coordination experience  Utilizes project management skills to successfully develop and maintain SOPs for  company-wide procedures  Effective leader in SDLC as proven by experience at US Bank and Edgewell  Additional competencies in process flow mapping, enterprise-wide software  conversion, instructional design and facilitation. Work Experience Substitute Teacher Fox C-6 School District - Arnold, MO April 2018 to Present Follow learning plans created by the teacher for the class.  Improvise or create learning plans for those teachers who have not done so.  Manage classroom learning and behavior. Substitute Teacher Hazelwood School District - Hazelwood, MO October 2017 to April 2018 Follow learning plans created by the teacher for the class.  Improvise or create learning plans for those teacher who have not done so.  Manage classroom learning and behavior. Student Walden University - Minneapolis, MN January 2016 to December 2017 Pursuing Ph.D. in Industrial/Organizational Psychology with an emphasis in Leadership  Development and Coaching Project Coordinator/ IT Trainer (Contractor) Walden University - Chesterfield, MO January 2016 to August 2016 Coordinate planning for implementation of new Customer Business Planning &  Management system (PLATO) to ensure successful role out.  Develop and execute change and training strategies for the business initiatives.  This included creating and managing change management plan, estimates, and    resource and work plans, communication and training plans, and monitoring and communicating status on the progress of the change and training work streams.  Map Processes for all department functions.  Develop and facilitate change readiness meetings and other workshops/webinars, as well as conducting the required follow-up.  This further included creating communication tools, including videos, multi-media  materials, technical bulletins, posters, e-mail, etc., for business projects.  Collaborate with all department heads, IT, and training consultants to ensure project  deliverables are met, gap analysis is completed, training is effectively rolled out to all  departments.  Create and facilitate e-learning training modules, as well as classroom instruction.  Assist with the delivery of training and educational programs for business projects.  Conduct, compile and summarize measurement analysis to quantify effectiveness of change and training programs.  This included monitoring and further evaluating employee learning progress,  retention and effectiveness, and coordinating with business key users post go-live. Trainer (Contrator) IT Instructional Design - Chesterfield, MO October 2015 to December 2015 Created intermediate Excel training material for IT department.  Collaborated with HR department to determine training needs.  Facilitated training on core programs to staff. Manager Learning & Developmental Strategies - St. Louis, MO April 2014 to May 2015 Manage/develop diverse and remote team: 11 trainers and instructional designers.  Creation and coordination of division-wide new hire training program, including  material and mentorship program for 14 separate inter-divisional business lines in 10  locations within the U.S.  Provide training support for Federal Regulatory (OCC, CFPB, etc.), Legal, Investor,  Change Control, and Audit requirements.  Management of small to massive projects from creation of a new company to training  program initiatives to new software platform integration ( project team selection,  daily SCRUM sessions, etc.).  Technical/Desktop procedure documentation/process flow mapping/instructional  material design and facilitation for all new bank software and conversion of existing  software/programs (Salesforce, SharePoint, LMS system, etc.) via e-learning and classroom instruction.  Employee relations and data management utilizing HRIS system: time off, discipline,  performance coaching, personnel records, PeopleSoft integration issues. Training Supervisor U.S. Bank - St. Louis, MO April 2012 to April 2014 Trainer U.S. Bank - St. Louis, MO December 2011 to April 2012 Relationship Manager U.S. Bank - St. Louis, MO October 2011 to December 2011 Education Ph.D. in Industrial/Organizational Psychology Walden University ? Minneapolis - Minneapolis, MN January 2016 to December 2020 MBA in Business Administration Fontbonne University ? St. Louis - St. Louis, MO December 2015 BBA in Business Administration Fontbonne University ? St. Louis - St. Louis, MO June 2003 Skills COACHING (5 years), E-LEARNING (3 years), EMPLOYEE RELATIONS (3 years), MAPPING (1 year), MICROSOFT SHAREPOINT (1 year), Teacher Assistant, Special Education, Teaching, Organizational Skills Additional Information Skills  Leadership Development - Diversity, Change Management - Plan,  Coaching, Employee Relations Communicate, Implement, Assess  Organizational Development - Theory & Project Management - Small &  Practice Large-Scale IT & Org. Dev.  Learning & Development - Manage Staff, Process Management - Mapping,  E-Learning Design/Facilitation Improvement, Implementation  Strategic Initiatives - Design & Align Data/Process Analysis - Gap, Trend, Root  Critical & Creative Thinking Cause  Technology - E-Learning, Project, Excel,  PowerPoint, Publisher, SharePoint