Recovery & Resolution Separability Program Manager Recovery &amp; Resolution Separability Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> Recovery & Resolution Separability Program Manager Matthews, NC Work Experience Recovery & Resolution Separability Program Manager WELLS FARGO via Ryan Consulting Group May 2018 to July 2019 Managed Wells Fargo Recovery and Resolution Corporate Development Separability Program for the IDI, Recovery (WFC and WFBNA), and Resolution Plan Submissions. Responsible for coordinating and reporting on multiple workstreams, task owners, and team producing valuations and inputs for the playbooks. Partnered with RRPO, Line of Business Leads, and support partners including Legal, Finance, HR, and SGO to produce reverse due diligence assessments.  Key Accomplishments  * Facilitation of meetings with various partners across the enterprise  * Oversight of team activities related to project work (IDI, Recovery, and Resolution), including development of project plans, timelines, and RACIs.  * Report on milestones, dependencies, accomplishments, hinderances, and statuses of active projects and teams to senior management.  * Documentation of RRP Corporate Development Separability best practices and lessons learned from IDI and Recovery Plan submission  * Develop Action Timeline Graph for use with separability actions IT Program Manager / Operations Manager Bank of America via TEKSystems - Charlotte, NC November 2016 to May 2018 Lead multiple Data Quality projects designed to improve Wholesale Credit data quality issues. Quality issues remediated via mapping corrections, technical implantations, and process/procedural changes. Responsible for coordinating and reporting on 3 teams remediating approximately 50 projects. Point of contact for engaging service providers tasked with implementing technology requirements identified. Additionally, managed a portfolio of 200+ alerted issues. These issues were scoped, tracked, and prioritized for remediation as future projects and work efforts.  Key Accomplishments  * Facilitated, engaged, and led meetings with multiple, varied upstream data sources and teams, across regional and global platforms  * Developed solutions to sustainably resolve the data quality issues, while presenting tactical resolutions  * Coordinated with other projects to streamline efficiencies, solutions, and minimize project costs.  * Reported on Financial, Milestones, and statuses of active projects and teams to senior management.  * Engaged with Business partners to prioritize needs to fully meet regulatory and business demands  * Facilitated the completion of Program and Project documentation: Impact Assessment, Charters, Requirements, Risk Assessments, Project Resource and Governance, WBS, and Testing Requirements.  * Provided Quality Assurance for the remediation of Projects and Issues. Risk/AML Project Manager IV ALLY BANK August 2016 to November 2016 Led Risk/AML technology integration project to align Sign-On, Fraud, KYC, and Anti-Money Laundering programs and applications to existing Ally systems. Identified areas for improvement and discovered deficiencies. Liaised with multiple vendors obtaining competitive bids to achieve maximum cost savings.  Key Accomplishments  * Led project with four distinct work streams across 2 merging organizations with varied business focuses  * Successfully managed a million-dollar budget and team members across multiple states  * Conducted Business Analysis efforts to maximize strategic solutions while maintaining acceptable risk thresholds  * Produced Project Charters, Requirements, and Testing Documentation  * Coordinated to provide coverage for multiple releases to fulfill project needs. Anti-Money Laundering Quantitative and Qualitative Analytics Associate DEUTSCHE BANK - Jacksonville, FL 2013 to 2016 Assessed thresholds, scoring, and additional parameters affecting GTB Wire and ACH AML alert generation; monitored the progress of alerts and cases through multiple investigatory systems and processes by scrutinizing systems for data integrity across 4 platforms, performed reviews and recommended benchmarks for staff productivity. Collaborated with multiple teams to research, develop, and deploy new AML scenarios for detecting potentially suspicious behavior, determined baseline settings for new AML scenarios to keep pace with observed trends.  Key Accomplishments  * Directed the use of data, statistical and quantitative analysis, explanatory and predictive modeling, and fact-based management analysis to make recommendations for improving and reengineered multiple processes to improve, strengthen, and streamline AML operations  * Steered 12 AML Scenario/Threshold Model Validations for GTB and ACH transaction Alert generation  * Designed and implemented 6 new MIS Reports, focusing on AML Alert and team effectiveness.  * Developed and managed 10 Macros in VBA, used annually on 5,000 ACH AML alerts  * Collaborated with cross-functional national, international teams and all levels of management and stakeholders.  * Presented required and requested documentation for presentation to the FRB Senior Anti-Money Laundering Associate DEUTSCHE BANK - Jacksonville, FL 2009 to 2013 Responsible for assessing grouped transactions presented in alerts and cases for the risk poised using knowledge of BSA, Patriot Act, OFAC, FINCEN, SEC, OCC Guidelines. Daily average of completing 20 cases a day, representing 25% completion rate above expectation while maintaining a 98% quality rating. Authored and sent inquiries seeking detailed explanations on transitions and entities that didn't meet established thresholds. Evaluated responses received for escalation to additional teams for enhanced review. Additionally, conducted quality control of analysts that initially reviewed transactions. Evaluated alerts and cases  Key Accomplishments  * Researched, analyzed, and inquired upon global transactions, and evaluated the risk these transactions represent to the bank. Identified multiple suspicious entities, preventing hundreds of thousands of dollars from being laundered  * Reengineered multiple different processes to improve, strengthen, and streamline operations in order to offer banks a higher level of financial protection and effectiveness Education Master of Business Administration University of North Florida Bachelor of Science in Communications in Communications University of North Florida Skills Operations, Operations management, Risk management, Aml, Gis, Program Management, Project Management