Sr. IT Project Manager (Boeing Contract) Sr. <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> (Boeing Contract) Sr. IT Project Manager (Boeing Contract) - Elyon International Bellevue, WA Work Experience Sr. IT Project Manager (Boeing Contract) Elyon International - Bellevue, WA January 2019 to Present • Leading cross-functional team on a major application release as part of the IT Product Systems Team  • Scrum Master for 2 Teams.  • Responsible for IT Build project and 6 Run applications.  • Key contributor towards developing and maintaining backlog items with Product Owner in order to drive meeting minimum viable products at the end of each 2 week sprints.  • Responsible for Risk/Issue reporting and any Stakeholder driven ad-hoc reporting Senior Business Consultant/Sr. Project Manager International Development Services Inc July 2018 to December 2018 International Development Services has the most experienced staff in delivering quality business analytical, business consulting and strategic tax planning services to the entrepreneurial market.  • Strategic Management Consultant to small and mid-size business throughout the US and Canada.  • Business consulting with closely held companies with revenues between $5m and $20m.  • Utilized MS Office Suite to develop reports that helped business owner's to see Key Performance Indicators to manage their business.  • Engagements range from business process improvements; business plan development; succession planning; and implementation of budgets and cost controls.  ? Met with 7 Clients average engagement 2-3 weeks  ? Reduced Operating Margins an average of 1-5%.  ? Improved Operating Processes for 4 of 7 Clients. Sr. IT Project Manager (Boeing Contract) Elyon International - Tukwila, WA February 2016 to July 2018 ELYON offers a broad range of flexible services including: individual consulting engagements, fixed bids on projects requiring minimum staff, complex managed services or multi-staff projects, project outsourcing, and application maintenance support. We collaborate with clients to plan, design and operate program management offices to build an organization's strategic execution capabilities.    • Worked as Key Contributor and Lead Project Manager on a program to move critical Boeing data from On-premise to the Cloud. Collaborated cross-organizationally with Facilities, Infrastructure Network Teams and Hardware vendors to track dependencies and assess related risk. Developed detail project schedules, resource plans and provided weekly status of key milestones to Core Program Team and Management.  • Drove the management of risk and issues including development of mitigation plans by negotiating with cross functional leadership teams on scope and budgets of any changes.  • Led Oracle DBA Team resources in all Development, Test and Production environment set and production support plans. Role required working with Data Management executives on driving initiatives and aligning with overall program. .  • Drove schedule integration with DevOPS; DBAs; and Application Development  • Participated as Scrum Master (Including Sprint Planning and Sprint Retrospect meetings) on several key Boeing Application (Threat Navigator) enhancements and maintained scrum tools (Version One and TFS)  ? Improved Oracle DBA utilization by 20%.  ? Improved Project schedule by 4-6 weeks. Sr. Program Manager (Operational Excellence) Tanner Business Consulting - Kent, WA December 2014 to February 2016 • Driving the development, and execution of operational excellence strategies for a $13M services company supporting Microsoft.  • Execution of a current state analysis including employee, consultant and client surveys; current state financial analysis; and identification of process gaps with innovation opportunities.  • Created and maintained team SharePoint site for document templates and best practice repository.  • Lead the creation and execution of tools to track key performance indicators for all internal functions and consultant assignments.  ? Lead the implementation of new sales strategies and key performance indicators to help drive a targeted revenue growth of 40% year over year. Sr. Project Manager (Microsoft Consultant) Affirma Consulting - Bellevue, WA September 2014 to December 2014 Affirma is a global full-service technology, business, and creative consultancy that is dedicated to top-tier client satisfaction  • Provided project leadership for the rollout of a new CRM Online Partner Incentive program.  • Created and maintained project plan for partner readiness collaborating with multiple Core Teams such as Channel Incentive and IT Solution Architects for key milestone development.  • Drove the reporting and identification of key partner readiness criteria for managed resellers; online advisors and distributors.  • Established the high-level deliverables, documenting and managing risk and issues.  • Lead the successful completion and coordination of Partner Experience workshops for the CRM online incentive program. Staff Program Analyst Qualcomm - San Diego, CA August 2013 to September 2014 • Part of the Integrated Circuit (IC) Program Management team. Lead the process of collecting and analyzing Engineering Design Process deliverable data needed to enable successful Integrated Circuit (IC) design, development and deployment.  • Ownership of creating, maintaining and driving the master program development schedule, interfacing with development teams (IC design, layout, and product test teams) to update status, supporting and leading development related meetings.  ? Reduced testing time while maintaining quality by 10%.  ? Improved project management processes by leading the MS Project Enterprise for IC project management Team. Senior Operations Program Manager - Windows and Windows Live Products Microsoft Corp - Redmond, WA March 2011 to December 2012 Redmond, WA 03/11 - 12/12  Operations Planning and Launch Services    Senior Operations Program Manager - Windows and Windows Live Products  • Coordinated with cross-functional groups and remote vendor teams to develop and drive completion of release readiness criteria for Windows 8.  • Led the application and operational program launch of Windows 8 in support of the Microsoft OEM Channel including maintaining integrated project schedule and risk and issue management.  • Managed all deliverables across marketing, operations groups and anti-piracy teams.  • Managed operational readiness for program from business concept; release to partner manufacturing and product general availability.  • Developed mitigation plans, managing issues and escalation, managing triage as necessary, leading cross group coordination, and tracking milestones and timelines.  • Led issue triage teams including coordination of required tasks by utilizing WBS to identify critical path requirements to complete resolutions in a timely matter.  ? Successfully Launched 6 OEM Pre-Released Kits with 100% Bill of Material (BOM) Quality. Sr. Project Manager (CONSULTANT) Barco Media and Entertainment - Rancho Cordova, CA July 2010 to January 2011 • Managed all project phases from initiation to execution and closure.  • Developed GAP analysis for project implementation process. Identified process improvements areas and drove improvements and created process measurement tools to be used in project reporting dashboard.  • Collaborated with Sales, Logistics, Finance R&D and Third Party technical staff to drive successful deployments. CONSULTANT Microsoft Corp - Reno, NV February 2009 to July 2010 Arvato Digital Services On-Site Consultant (Reno, NV and Redmond, WA)  Manager, Quality Assurance / Sr. Project Manager    • Responsible for developing awareness and knowledge of Arvato/Microsoft Planning and Launch Services departmental processing, customer care skills, vendor measurement systems, policies and procedures. Acting as a point of contact for customer inquiries for process changes and quality issues.  • Primary developer and contributor to the Arvato/Microsoft Planning and Launch Services Readiness Project plan working Cross Channel and Regionally with Microsoft Product Launch Services to develop Readiness solutions. Utilizing MS Project created WBS and individual task while analyzing dependencies and critical path. Education Master's Skills Program Management, PMI Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/jesstny