Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Program/ Project Manager Woodland Hills, CA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager Live Nation/Ticketmaster - Hollywood, CA October 2013 to January 2017 Technical Product/ Project Manager  Led various development, infrastructure and software engineering projects. Responsible for project quality, team resources, issue/risk mitigation and solution.  ? Communicated project status to Senior and Vice Presidents, Directors, and Technical leads  ? Delivered critical and time sensitive projects  ? Acted as a liaison between product and business development teams  ? Negotiated annual budget/cost of projects for products teams, 6 million   ? Transformed 5 teams to adopt Agile/Lean methodologies  ? Managed multiple cross-functional teams on a continuum of proof of concepts to operational projects   ? Migrated all international and domestic Products/Services onto an upgraded storage system to reduce costs and provide a stable infrastructure   ? Upgraded all Hypervisors to enable teams in recovering from network and storage outages  ? Implemented a JIRA service desk for the Technical Operations and Software Engineering departments  ? Developed project plans and supporting documentation to track project progress  ? Created mitigation proposals and strategies for project risks or issues  ? Served as a Toastmasters officer; District 1 Contracted IT Project Coordinator Farmers Insurance - Woodland Hills, CA February 2013 to May 2013 ? Supported Asset Management and Lab Technician teams with the upgrade of Windows XP to 7  ? Consolidated and communicated Asset Management and Software Distribution teams reports to key stakeholders and management  ? Built credibility, established rapport, and maintained communication with Stakeholders, Business Groups, and Vendors Training Technical Project Coordinator US Bank - Agoura Hills, CA June 2012 to March 2013 • Designed and implemented marketing and sales tactics for the branch  • Drafted daily and weekly reporting on branch activity and performance Education B.S. in Business Management California State University, Northridge 2012 A.A. in Business Administration Pierce College December 2009 Additional Information B.S. Degree – Business Management, May 2012   California State University, Northridge (CSUN)   GPA - 3.3 in a 4.0 scale  A.A. Degree – Business Administration, December 2009  Pierce College (LAPC)   GPA – 3.6 in a 4.0 scale