Founder Founder Founder - Insecondsolutions, LLC Somerville, MA * A resourceful and motivated professional with over four years of project management experience. Successfully managed and  implemented IT projects independently and within teams. Significantly increased businesses operational efficiency and customer  satisfaction by optimizing workflow processes and implementing data integration solutions.  * Proven record of satisfied clients in different industries. Work Experience Founder Insecondsolutions, LLC - Somerville, MA June 2018 to Present Insecondsolutions examines businesses workflows and IT infrastructure to automate repetitive tasks, optimize IT infrastructure, and implement standard security practices  Main responsibilities:  ? Conducting workflow analyses to improve business related processes  ? Examining IT infrastructure to propose hardware and software improvements  ? Planning IT projects and tracking contract status  ? Developing the company's website and internal support system  ? Providing remote and on-site IT support  Projects successfully managed and completed:  ? Implementing endpoint security and network upgrades for a large brokerage firm  ? Network infrastructure and security upgrades for a property management company  ? Crisis response after ransomware attack for an art production company  ? Improving security and protecting healthcare data in compliance with HIPAA at a psychiatric clinic Freelancer Upwork Global, Inc 2014 to Present Working independently with clients from all over the world  ? Named Top-Rated freelancer for earning $100k+ with 100% job success rate IT Project Manager North Bridge Networks, Inc - Concord, MA March 2016 to June 2018 Planned and managed IT projects  ? Provided training to employees and end-users  ? Implemented systems to manage technicians' hours and track client support requests  ? Worked in 24x7 capability for critical support  ? Maintained and monitored computer systems and networks  ? Provided executive-level support for businesses and board members Co-Founder Mazadak.net - Cairo, EG January 2014 to July 2015 Mazadak was a penny auction website serving consumers in Egypt and the middle east  ? Managed front and back-end coding team  ? Simulated penny auctions using social media to measure users' understanding  Of penny auctions concept  ? Represented Mazadak at AUC Venture Capital Competition and other Website and Social Media Manager Trustious.com - Cairo, EG 2013 to 2014 Tested website features and reporting required improvements  ? Reported website and application bugs to the coding team  ? Met with potential advertisers Education Computer Science and Business Administration German University in Cairo - Cairo, EG 2012 Skills PROJECT PLANNING, TEAM MANAGEMENT, NETWORK SECURITY, SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT, DATA INTEGRATION, IT Audit, HIPAA