BUSINESS ANALYST/ IT PROJECT COORDINATOR BUSINESS ANALYST/<span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">PROJECT</span> COORDINATOR BUSINESS ANALYST/ IT PROJECT COORDINATOR - DM&M GROUP, LLC Ste Work Experience BUSINESS ANALYST/ IT PROJECT COORDINATOR DM&M GROUP, LLC - Fairfax, VA 2016 to Present Implement reengineering techniques while acting as a liaison among developers, software engineers, and business managers. Confer with the necessary project personnel to identify and resolve problems, in  conjunction with preparing project status reports through collecting, analyzing, and summarizing  information.  ? Part of a team whose responsibilities include but aren't limited to helping the analysis, design,  development, integration, training, testing, documentation, and/or implementation of complex systems, as a primary researcher and analyst.  ? Query databases, manipulate, store, retrieve, data using SQL in Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio  ? Assist in Implementing Intranet, Internet, client/server applications, web development, and more  ? Apart of an Agile team throughout the Software Development Life Cycle.  ? Responsible for the analysis of the specifications provided by the clients and assist in the implementations of those specifications.  ? Assist in developing business documents: SOPs, Business Requirement Document, Use Cases, User Stories and more.  ? Assist in UML creations  ? Utilize different SCRUM frameworks to complete different time sensitive projects, and participate in standup meetings and help coordinate sprint operations.  ? Implement sequence based Waterfall methodology when necessary for project optimization.  ? Participate in JAD sessions with a variety of clients.  ? Use of BaseCamp to organize operations  ? Assist in analyzing data through visualization tools on tableau to enable confident decision making.  ? Understand the needs of multiple stakeholders.  ? Facilitating the negotiation of requirements amongst multiple stakeholders.  ? Consistently have to be in a position to exemplify the business processes impacted by the technological  components of the projects.  ? Assist in unit testing-MStest  ? Use of TestComplete for functional testing across web and windows applications for WPF Control Text  property  ? Develop training material for staff and train staff on new systems and methods.  ? Analyzing functional requirements, creating test scenarios & user scenarios.  ? Perform Help Desk functionality of installation, repair, and maintenance tasks for computer hardware,  software, and other computer peripherals.  ? Develop front end GUIs using WinForms, and WPF in C# and XAML.  ? Assist in the development of UI and UX operations under .NET framework.  ? Help research for the development of a Java Swing project to backup MySQL database.  ? Help configure and administer database schema in development, testing, and staging  ? environments.  ? Experience in Object Oriented Analysis and Design methodology with Design Patterns including Structural,  Creational, and Behavioral Patterns like Model Viewer Controller.  ? Research GUI testing, and API testing to maximize production quality. PROJECT MANAGER Active LifeStyle Medical - Sterling, VA 2015 to 2017 Primary point of contact for all communications among customers, vendors, and users. Liaison among outside  ? IT consultants and supplementary third party contractors to ensure projects completed on time.  ? Help coordinate the design, development, and deployment of tools that can be used for business  processing, statistical analysis, and patient management. This was accomplished through utilizing the necessary frameworks, employing web content management, C#, .NET, SQL, as well as SEO, email  marketing campaigns, content production, business reports, and more.  ? Create training material for staff, in addition to training the staff on new technologies.  ? Create Scope and timeline for each project  ? Responsible for making sure each project came in under budget and on time and was cleared fully with management.  ? Responsible for assembling the necessary staff and team members to complete a project, both in house and outsourcing.  ? Perform IT support and Help Desk tasks to resolve technical issues, installation of hardware and software,  server management, synchronization of necessary applications to the cloud and more.  ? Constantly conceptualizing and producing innovative ways to market and manage  ? Worked with Stakeholders to develop an excellent BRD.  ? Through careful analysis of statistical data, business operations, and finances mitigated risk factors throughout project lifecycle.  ? Define Systems, methods, and tools best suited for project optimization. Adapt between agile and waterfall methods depending on project and client needs, creating detailed roll outs, staff schedules, and  other systems.  ? A/B testing of site statements and design  ? Assist in syncing ACOM, a Practice Management and Electronic Health Record system to the cloud  ? Extend relevance to specific keywords and remove barriers for indexing activities by editing and adding  content, using HTML, and using and directing implementation of necessary coding.  ? Assist in integrating and working in a cloud based environment  ? From a business development standpoint, responsibilities include event coordinating, and creating and maintaining relationships with necessary clients. Communicate with both the technology department and  management. Within 2 months, increased the company's new patients incoming by 60%. Performed in a  quota driven environment and utilized data analysis and research components to develop projects.  ? Understanding of HIPAA compliance  ? Use of CRM programs including but not limited to SalesForce, OfficeVP, ConstantContact  ? Had exposure to programming and scripting languages like Java, C#, HTML, CSS and javascript to help  maintain business operations. PROJECT COORDINATOR NYST - Alexandria, VA 2013 to 2015 Responsible for the strategic implementation, and enhancement of our company's brand, through a  myriad of reengineering methods, specifically the website, social media content, and other digital  marketing assets. Liaison for management and development team.  ? Conceptualize strategic marketing and business initiatives.  ? Manage the myriad of ways consumers receive marketing messages  ? Track consumer and market insights by collecting and analyzing metrics  ? Consistently communicate with clients to further the Brand Image.  ? Create and deploy multimedia marketing initiatives  ? Develop complex diagrams for clients and managers using Visio and graphic data modeling tools  ? Create, alter, and delete SQL databases and tables. Query databases, use aliases, primary and foreign key  constraints, indexes, and more within MySQL.  ? Utilize XAMPP PHP development environment with PHPMyAdmin implementing a VPS.  ? API testing performed at the message layer.  ? Use of C#, .NET, Javascript, HTML, CSS, BPM and Six Sigma knowledge and more.  ? Create a simple Windows Forms application with a Class Library for the models  ?  SUMMARY OF INTERESTS AND SKILLS INCLUDE BUT NOT LIMITED TO:  Programming, Unity3d, C#, SQL .NET, .NET core, Data Mining, ASP.NET, LINQ to SQL, Java, JavaScript, Microsoft  Office, Adobe Creative Suite, HTML, CSS, C++, UE4, Microsoft Office Suite, and more Education BS in entrepreneurship, computer science, and multimedia marketing Virginia Commonwealth University Skills .NET (5 years), C# (5 years), LIAISON (5 years), SQL (5 years), DATABASE (4 years) Additional Information Core Competencies    Project management Self motivated  Team liaison Staff development  SQL Risk management process analysis  SSMS Process implementation  C# Backend development UML  .NET Stakeholder management  Data science Technical writing  DAta modeling Strategic thinking  Data management Budgeting and finance  Client assessment and analysis