Provider Network Project Consultant Provider Network <span class="hl">Project</span> Consultant Healthcare Administration Professional Chicago, IL Healthcare administration professional with demonstrated history of effective operations and project management. Multiple years of experience leading cross-functional teams. Lean Six Sigma trained with strong ability to assess complex problems and develop data driven solutions. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Provider Network Project Consultant AMITA HEALTH November 2018 to Present Promoted from provider relations representative as a result of demonstrated ability to effectively manage  multiple projects in addition to existing duties.  • Manage multiple projects and processes that support a clinically integrated network of 4,500+ providers  through developing action plans, setting target dates, structuring data analysis.  • Support Compliance officer in administering the organization's Compliance program to contracted  providers. Responsible for creating tools to track progress, managing outreach strategies and communicating progress to stakeholders and leadership.  • Support the development of new value based contracts by conducting legal research, facilitating  discussions, and tracking progress of key project components.  • Create visually impactful print and web-based communication to deliver key messages to over 17,000  providers, office support staff, and internal stakeholders.  • Improved provider engagement by increasing message readership by an average of 20%, per campaign.  • Assigned owner of network maintenance and issue resolution for AMITA Health's employee benefit  health plan. Provider Relations Representative AMITA HEALTH July 2017 to November 2018 Built professional relationships with physicians and medical office staff and ensured they understood key  communications, quality dashboards, best practices, tools and resources.  • Worked within an inter-disciplinary team to implement initiatives geared towards achieving measurable  network performance improvements.  • Attended and participated in Medical Advisory Panels, leadership councils meetings and provider  educational forums.  • Served as a liaison between AMITA Health leadership, physicians, and the provider governance.  • Executed strategies relating to the development or enhancement of provider networks including defining  provider targets, recruitments and executing contracting efforts.  • Led the management of cross-departmental payor and provider issues tracking and resolution.  • Provided relevant education on various topics including value based care, reimbursement optimization, and quality improvement.  • Resolved a wide range of issues for assigned network providers ranging from reimbursement to case  management.  • Supported compliance officer in gathering key provider data for timely response to compliance audits. Clinic Administrator OAK STREET HEALTH October 2015 to October 2016 Oversaw a team of ~20 and operations in insurance counseling, customer service, patient access, clinical  care, social work, care coordination, and population health management.  • Managed providers' performance goals by tracking metrics, identifying areas of improvement, and facilitating plans for implementation.  • Participated in growth and outreach initiatives that led to the addition of 50-75 patients monthly to the practice location during tenure.  • Managed clinic's P&L and consistently stayed under budget in operating expenses.  • Led a process improvement team that developed training and communication program targeted at patients  and providers to establish and expand knowledge of managed care plans and improve patient experience. Call Center Manager CHICAGO FAMILY HEALTH CENTER September 2014 to October 2015 • Managed high volume call center (~25,000 calls/month) and developed tools to improve key metrics for service representatives including reducing abandoned call rate by 50%.  • Managed central scheduling for 5 clinical sites providing primary and preventive care across various  specialties including OB/GYN and dental.  • Responsible for the recruitment, training, and supervision of ~15 patient service representatives.  • Developed departmental performance benchmarks, analyzed data, created relevant reports, conducted  reviews to ensure compliance, and coached staff to improve efficiency.  • Effectively managed provider relationships by fostering collaborative communication to resolve concerns  and ensure effective scheduling practices, optimal patient access and flow. Conference Chair UNIVERSITY OF ILLINOIS AT CHICAGO, SCHOOL OF PUBLIC HEALTH - Chicago, IL September 2012 to May 2014 Supervised all aspects of conference planning and implementation for the 2013 and 2014 'Minority Health  in the Midwest Conference' including fundraising, marketing, and program development.  • Instrumentally grew conference attendance by 50% and raised over $30,000 as conference chair.  • Convened and led a conference committee of over 50 graduate students, staff, and faculty to successfully  present a health conference in the school of public health. Administrative Intern (Strategy & Operations) Erie Family Health Center April 2013 to March 2014 Instructor STEM June 2011 to September 2012 Clinical Intern Center for Orthotic & Prosthetic Excellence April 2010 to September 2010 IT Consultant I UIC Academic Computing and Communications Center August 2007 to April 2009 Education Master of Healthcare Administration in MHA University of Illinois at Chicago - Chicago, IL August 2012 to May 2014 Post-Baccalaureate Certificate in Prosthetics in Prosthetics Northwestern Feinberg School of Medicine - Chicago, IL August 2009 to March 2010 Bachelor of Science in Bioengineering in Bioengineering University of Illinois at Chicago - Chicago, IL August 2004 to December 2008 Skills budget, Outlook, Estimating, Scheduling, Customer Service, Word