Enterprise Program Manager Enterprise Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> Program Management Professional with 25+ years of experience Woodbridge, VA High-energy Program Management professional offering 25 years of progressive leadership experience. Innovative strategist who has achieved a career accomplishment resulting in ~$300m in cost savings.     Core Qualifications  • Superb written and verbal communications  • Complex problem solving  • Expert business case analyst  • Results driven Program Management professional  • Contract requirements, structuring, and negotiations SME Work Experience Enterprise Program Manager Inovalon September 2018 to June 2019 • Performed in-depth analysis of existing IT asset management processes across the core company and four affiliates. Presented 86 page findings document to Executive Leadership and proposed a strategic mitigation plan to build an efficient, cohesive, and mature asset management program.  • Proposed and executed company wide cost savings initiatives resulting in a 30% reduction of IT expenditures in six months.  • Authored, implemented, and enforced IT asset management policies and procedures.  • Lead contract negotiations with IT vendors such as Microsoft, Oracle, Adobe, IBM, Dell, and HP.  • Responsible for writing, evaluating, and responding to RFIs, RPFs, and RFQs.  • Perform vendor management duties to include scorecards, KPIs, and appraisals.  • Direct and mentor the asset management team. Principal Subject Matter Expert, IT Asset Management & Enterprise Software Licensing Powertek Corporation April 2016 to January 2018 General Services Administration Washington DC  • Authored a comprehensive Software License Management as a Service Maturity Model which was virtually published by GSA.  • Core staff member responsible for actively engaging government clients in the GSA sponsored "Software License Management as a Service" pilot and ensuring their mutually beneficial involvement in the program.  • Responsible for assessing client IT Asset Management environments and providing documented strategic plans for remediation and improvement.  • Provided subject matter expertise regarding optimal sourcing, negotiation, and leveraging of IT contracts. Program Manager & Subject Matter Expert, Enterprise Software Licensing Four, Inc September 2014 to April 2015 US Army Corps of Engineers Washington DC    • Served as a senior business consultant and Action Officer in support of all client initiatives via a government services contract.  • Established effective collaboration between key stakeholders involved in DoD Enterprise Software Agreements such as Microsoft, Symantec, Oracle, Google, etc.  • Responsible for leveraging expert knowledge on the benefits, risks, and terms and conditions of Enterprise License Agreements in order to ensure that the team was able to provide the maximum value to the customer.  • Supported capital planning and budgeting processes in accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulations.  • Analyzed organizational goals in order to properly advise and align client growth initiatives with DoD strategy.  • Authored several Federal proposals on behalf of Four, Inc., helping to grow the business by winning 10 proposals in one year.  • Managed proposal development process and served as lead writer, balancing workload and deliverables for multiple sales opportunities simultaneously, in addition to executing departmental and business development functions and special projects.  • Reviewed RFPs to ensure firm addressed requirements and incorporated win themes, created, developed, designed, and distributed draft response documents, and responsible for all edits, finalizing and coordinating delivery of proposals.  • Lead proposal development meetings, and collaborated with attorneys and subject matter experts to develop language, retrieved and analyzed data, researched and calculated pricing components, and compiled, designed, and created supporting documents to meet qualifications or enhance responses.  • Ensured that all documents clearly and definitively met the requirements of the RFP/RFQ/RFI.  • Created PowerPoint sales presentations, managed development process and preparation, and coordinated delivery of PowerPoint sales presentations and all supporting documents.  • Worked with design team to create graphics for proposals, executive summaries, and sales presentations.  • Recommended processes for improvement, managed special projects, and updated knowledge database and marketing tracking system. Program Manager Four, Inc December 2011 to September 2014 US Army Computer Hardware Enterprise Software and Services Ft. Belvoir    • Successfully doubled the size of client services contract at Army Computer Hardware Enterprise Software Solutions (CHESS).  • Compiled and synthesized relevant organizational business data into comprehensive and strategically timed reports in order to propose organizational process improvements to CHESS Senior Leadership.  • Managed the day-to-day tactical and long-term strategic activities of a cross-functional team increasing responsibilities of the team within the CHESS organization over the course of time. Drafted business plans, sales reports, and quarterly business reviews for Army CHESS. Maintained high levels of client satisfaction through excellent interactive communication at all levels of the organization.  • Coached and mentored team members through constructive training methodologies and taking an interest in their long-term career growth.  • Managed the proposal team through all aspects of Federal proposals. Supervised team in reviewing RFP's, RFQ's, and RFI's.  • Met proposal deadlines by establishing priorities, developing a schedule and assigning milestones.  • Determine proposal concept by identifying and capitalizing upon needs and objectives of the client.  • Engage with cross functional departments to achieve end results. Senior Project Manager NCI, Inc October 2008 to December 2011 • Autonomously created $80M in cost avoidance on the Army Microsoft Enterprise Agreement close-out project.    • Responsible for the daily executive management of the Army Microsoft Enterprise License Agreement (a $600M contract) at the Army CIO level.    • Authored periodic Executive level communication and decision presentations and personally briefed Army Senior Leadership on multiple ELAs.    • Performed Army Enterprise level Business Case Analysis on Microsoft, Symantec, Citrix, Adobe, Apple, WinZip, ArcSight, and Trusted Platform Modules based upon salient characteristics.  Business and policy analysis projects included briefing Army decision makers on possible courses of action and providing decision recommendations based upon market research and business requirements validation. Education Associate in Computer Information Management Computer Tech September 1994 to June 1995 Skills Program Management, Project Management, PMP, PMI Awards Commanders Coin - awarded by LTG Susan Lawrence, the former CIO of the US Army Certifications/Licenses CSAM PMP Assessments Organizational Skills — Expert June 2019 Arranging and managing information or materials using a set of rules. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/hr1ozjxqdzh54z1z Management & Leadership Skills: Planning & Execution — Expert July 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to effectively plan and manage resources to accomplish organizational goals. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/atgx3pkwvwzjmy3l Verbal Communication — Expert July 2019 Speaking clearly, correctly, and concisely. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/yozsercie8r5zdbd Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.