Business Intelligence Data Analytics Intern Business Intelligence Data Analytics Intern Business Intelligence Intern - Waukesha County Milwaukee, WI I help 17 County Departments, 111 County Divisions and Services, 7 Cities, 11 Towns, and 19 Villages make better decisions. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Business Intelligence Data Analytics Intern Waukesha County - Waukesha, WI September 2018 to Present Research data engineering trends and software.    Create training videos about Power BI report visualization techniques for business report creators    While building reports for the Waukesha County website traffic, I learned how to properly query Google Analytics to Power BI. This was an incredibly slow procedure. I built an R script data retrieval tool that would interact with the Google Analytics API much faster. I showed my project to my manager who then found a module that would insert the Google Analytics data into a SQL database and then set the script to run on a schedule. I then proceeded to build a report that is now automatically updated daily. All ETL data cleansing was completed in Power BI.  We are now mapping the data properly in SQL Server.    While building a report for new employee survey data, I was required to collect the survey data from an EPI Server API. The survey forms were built with no data validation or verification which caused some problems. Because of the lack of verification, users would repeatedly click the submit button and create multiple entries that had to be removed. Because of the lack of validation, users were able to enter anything into the name field. I was able to use PowerShell to retrieve and cleanse data. The data was used to create and automate an interactive excel spreadsheet that the report users would be able to use to enter user data. PowerShell was used to load that data and the survey data into SQL Server. SQL was used to further clean and transform the data while Power BI was then used to build interactive automatically updated reports.    *I will not provide examples of this work for data security reasons. If you would like me to construct some samples, they will be with sample data or personal data.* Small Business IT Management Consultant Fluid Web Concepts LLC April 2018 to Present Pour Inc  April 2018 - Current  • Analyze SEO trends to update website and increase online search engine results  • Implement new tools to company website to increase usability and increase order efficiency  • Implement modern web development techniques to reduce website load time  • Provide reports for company data analytics and support    Aurora Theater Works  June 2017 - November 2018  • Designed and developed a website for a play  • Implemented solutions to provide the best results for the organization  • Implemented e-commerce solutions and event e-ticket delivery  • Worked collaboratively with multi-disciplined team  • Design and developed an information system yielding over 750 online transactions and over 4,475 online views  • Operated as a help desk technician to provide user support Intern and Project Manager University of Wisconsin - Milwaukee - Milwaukee, WI June 2017 to October 2017 • Created data analysis reports for veteran data  • Worked with university database administrators to design SQL queries to find student veteran data  • Designed and developed web page content for the organization website  • Managed application projects and organization social media Information Systems Consultant G.O.T.C.H.A September 2016 to July 2017 • Produced, and Hosted the website and implemented solutions to provide best results for the organization  • Implemented third party systems and provided e-commerce solutions for online donations  • Managed multi-disciplined team using Slack, Jira, Sourcetree, Bitbucket, and WordPress Specialist E-4 US Army Reserve - Sheridan, IL February 2009 to November 2011 • Managed inventory of multiple equipment types  • Trained others as subject matter expert  • Promoted motivation and teamwork  • Honorable Discharge Specialist E-4 United States Army - Fort Lewis, WA August 2004 to January 2009 • Provided training and leadership  • Used time management and multi-tasking to produce multiple projects on time  • Provided perimeter and base security on deployment  • Honorable Discharge Education Master's in IT Business Management University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee - Milwaukee, WI August 2017 to December 2021 Bachelor's Degree in Information Science and Technology University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee - Milwaukee, WI January 2015 to May 2017 Associate in Electronics Technology Pikes Peak Community College - Colorado Springs, CO August 2012 to December 2013 Skills POWER BI (1 year), DATABASE, MICROSOFT ACCESS (Less than 1 year), ORACLE (Less than 1 year), CSS (5 years), SQL Server Management Studio (Less than 1 year), Excel (5 years), HTML (5 years), HTML 5 (4 years), Javascript (2 years), php (3 years), SQL (3 years), R (1 year), Python (Less than 1 year), .NET (Less than 1 year), Node.js (Less than 1 year), Powershell (1 year), Emerging Technologies (10+ years), DAX (1 year), Excel (3 years), MySQL (2 years) Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/dab0304 Military Service Branch: United States Army Rank: Specialist Awards Dean's List 2013-02 Student Excellence Award for High Grade Point Average Certifications/Licenses Power BI for Marketers August 2018 to Present Use Power BI to quickly and precisely assess your marketing efforts.    Learn how to assess awareness and insights to improve performance, assess customer advocacy, publish content from Power BI Desktop and Power BI service, and more. Power BI Essential Training July 2018 to Present Discover how to quickly glean insights from your data using Power BI. This formidable set of business analytics tools—which includes the Power BI service, Power BI Desktop, and Power BI Mobile—can help you more effectively create and share impactful visualizations with others in your organization. Learning REST APIs February 2018 to Present C# and .NET Programming August 2017 to Present UX Design March 2017 to Present UX Design Multi-Device Design January 2017 to Present Layout and Design of dashboards and websites responsive to screen size. UX Design Scenarios and Storyboards February 2017 to Present Development of user stories and business expectations. UX Prototyping February 2017 to Present Prototyping software and best practices Photoshop for UX Design February 2017 to Present Web Development Foundations February 2018 to Present Creating a Responsive Web Design October 2016 to Present HTML 5 Geolocation December 2016 to Present Groups Phi Theta Kappa September 2013 to Present Society for Student Excellence -High GPA AmVets September 2008 to Present American Veterans Association Additional Information Skills:  Advanced Excel  Microsoft Visio  Microsoft Access Database  Microsoft Office  Power BI  Google Analytics  Google Data Tools  Oracle DB Enterprise  Office Communication  WordPress  HTML  CSS  PHP  JavaScript  Business Communication  Interpersonal Communication  Search Engine Optimization  Finding Solutions