Contract Manager, IT & New Ventures Marketing Contract <span class="hl">Manager</span>, <span class="hl">IT</span> &amp; New Ventures Marketing Contract Manager, IT & New Ventures Marketing - Farmers Insurance Los Angeles, CA Progressive and extremely motivated professional with a proven track record of fostering lasting relationships and managing  projects simultaneously end to end. Adept in providing project management, sourcing (RFx) and finance support. Successful  developing & implementing strategies that lead to success. Skilled in thinking analytically & logically, demonstrating exceptional  communication skills, and making critical decisions during challenges. Adaptable with an ability to work independently, creating  effective presentations, and developing opportunities that further establish organizational goals. Also, several years retail and sales  experience. Work Experience Contract Manager, IT & New Ventures Marketing Farmers Insurance - Woodland Hills, CA June 2018 to Present • Manage strategic sourcing transactions and projects that support the development of IT and New Ventures Marketing teams to benefit the company and mitigate risks end to end.  • Provide leadership and guidance for sourcing and procurement transactions (MSA, SLA, SaaS, NDA, and end-user  agreements), vendor due diligence, RFx strategies, and project budget alignment.  • Executively recognized for successfully leading a high visibility RFP project consolidating 60+ SOWs to 15 managed services  agreements, significantly reducing costs, and improving service delivery.  • Maintain consistent and proactive communication with multiple stakeholders, assuming accountability for timely delivery of contract, and sourcing services.  • Manage supplier relationships and execute supplier management techniques in accordance with stakeholder expectations.  • Provide continued training, and support to end users of the new Contract Management System (CMS) tool. Project Manager, Strategic Sourcing & Operations - Center for Observational Research Amgen Inc - Thousand Oaks, CA February 2016 to May 2018 • Placed in lead manager role for successfully developing positive relationships across senior business stakeholders, and for establishing a reputation as the procurement expert.  • Developed strong collaboration with Finance to ensure knowledge of and proactive approach to budget timeline and planning for each category.  • Consistently achieved procurement objectives for assigned categories including delivery in defined costs as agreed during annual planning process.  • Provided procurement and sourcing services (MSA, SLA, SaaS, NDA, CDA, SOW, and end-user agreements), risk assessment, vendor management, RFx strategies, budget management, and vendor management for Non-Oncology and IT categories  end to end.  • Managed Sunshine Act process and reporting to compliance team via C3 system for contracts with covered entities, negotiating payment adjustments and publishing language when applicable.  • Provided detailed financial reports to finance team to determine monthly reallocations of funds and accruals per category.  • Organized and led monthly meetings with study teams to understand status of studies, adjusting milestones, timelines, and budgets where applicable.  • Coordinated and led training support to end users for the pre and post launch of a new Contract Management System.  • Provided project communication with issue resolution, change management, and risk management skills.  • Managed project milestones and budgets cycles for each product.  • Reconciled monthly actuals utilizing purchase order invoicing reports from Self-Service Reporting and SAP, providing  extensive analysis against internal study management and finance system.  • Managed the onboarding and offboarding of external workforce per the negotiated MSA and budget forecast.  • Key participant in the development of new standard operating procedures for contract administration and budget  management.  • Successfully mentored and developed new team members. Project Coordinator, Clinical Quality & Data Management R&D Baxter Healthcare Corporation - Westlake Village, CA May 2012 to July 2015 Managed the review and negotiation of procurement and clinical contracts in support of the Clinical Quality and Data  Management teams.  • Maintained contractual records and documentation, including contract correspondence, customer contact information, contractual changes, status reports and other relevant documentation for projects.  • Performed as a key resource for generating, developing and maintaining relationships.  • Managed the onboarding and offboarding of the external workforce.  • Ensured timely and accurate monthly reporting of department budgets.  • Provided vendor management in support of clinical trials, resourcing, and department needs.  • Managed employee project management tool and reporting for accuracy in budget allocations and accruals.  • Proficient in troubleshooting to anticipate possible delays, vendor issues, contracts, and budgets. Manager, Independent Music Label and Brand Development Old River Productions - Woodland Hills, CA April 2009 to December 2012 • Provided innovative marketing research to identify entertainment trends and developments to influence decisions and strategies, creating opportunities for growth.  • Extensively scouted for new and upcoming talent to expand independent label, provide artist development and branding  when applicable.  • Developed strong niche as a key resource for generating, developing and maintaining relationships.  • Provided procurement and contract services for hiring of musicians, graphic and fashion designers.  • Reviewed and pitched manuscripts and song submissions of original band members of Kool and the Gang to publishing  firms, attorneys and executives.  • Managed reporting of copyright ownership of music in preparation for new album releases.  • Developed and maintained operational process for song submittals to administration and publishing firms.  • Organized high profile events with celebrity and Press involvement.  • Proficient in drafting artist splits detailing publishing and copyright ownership of music in preparation for album releases. Education Bachelor of Science in Merchandising & Marketing California State University - Northridge, CA Additional Information • Project Management • Microsoft Excel • Kronos  • Finance Management • Microsoft PowerPoint • Cognos  • Sourcing and Procurement • Microsoft SharePoint • SAP  • Contract Management • Microsoft Visio • Self Service Reporting  • Music & Entertainment • Microsoft Project • Oracle  • Retail and Merchandising • C3 • DocuSign  • Marketing • Coupa • QuickBooks  • Microsoft Office 10/365 • Icertis • PRE3  • Microsoft Word • Ariba/My Buy • Concur