Senior Implementation Project Manager Senior Implementation <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Senior Project Manager Frisco, TX Work Experience Senior Implementation Project Manager Honeywell Enterprise Mobility November 2017 to August 2018 Responsible for managing the development and implementation of project phases to full life cycle project management. Work with all stakeholders to identify client configurations for their cell phones, iPads, scanners, and other hardware requirements. Drive cross functional teams to identify configurations and support requirements. I manage our production team to ensure that configurations are being processed per the customer requirements and schedule. I create and maintain project schedule, risk plans, and mitigations plans throughout the project to minimize risks and issues that affect the project schedule utilizing Microsoft Desktop and Server Applications with Waterfall methodology and A3 Thinking.    • Managed LMS project with Honeywell's Mavenlink replaced with Cornerstone  • Develop detailed work plans, schedules, project estimates, and status reports. Manage the integration of outsourced vendors and review their deliverables Identify client configurations for company devices which include: cell phones, iPads, scanners, and other hardware requirements  • Manage customer inventory for configurations, deployments, returns and repairs  • Work with cross functional teams (Lab and Depot) to identify configurations and support requirements  • Establishes work plan and staffing for each phase of a project, arrange recruitment or assignment of project personnel.  • Create processes expectations utilizing HEM LCS Operational Requirements Guide and Operational Workflows  • Facilitate client/internal customer acceptance testing and sign-off verifying completion of implementation  • Facilitate release to production, and transfer account information and support responsibilities to appropriate internal customer and/or stakeholder.  • Effectively apply the project management Waterfall methodology and enforce project standards.  • Coordinate operation teams to ensure all required documentation is provided for implementation to meet the effective date of services  • Manage weekly calls to discuss inventory, deployments, helpdesk support and development schedule  • Implement and recommend best practices to reduce risks within the company  • Utilize RAIL (Risks, Action and Issues Log) process to separately track internal and external items  • Proactively communicate to stakeholders, clients and internal departments throughout the implementation process  • Share Lessons Learned documentation with PMO to avoid future pitfalls in HEM/PMO projects  • Documents and identifies gaps in PMO and business processes through process mapping to illustrate current and future state  • Putting mechanisms in place to ensure on-going control of the project (E.g., Kick off meeting, overall Project Management Approach, Communication Plan, Risk Management, Issues Management, Change Control, etc.)  • Facilitate daily/weekly/monthly conference calls/internal meetings to discuss project progress to stakeholders.  • Provide meeting agenda and meeting minutes for every conference call/meeting.  (Environments- Mavenlink project management tool. Salesforce, Skype Meeting- Utilized for remote meetings and project presentations. Mavenlink utilized for enrollment tracking and accessing forms. SharePoint - data storage, Factory Workflow- HEM device tracking method, Outlook (Cornerstone On-Demand is replacing Mavenlink) Project Manager Fiserv - Dallas, TX November 2015 to November 2017 Senior IT Project Manager February 2015 to July 2015 Successfully coordinates and completes medium-to-large software development, software deployment and post deployment software support initiatives, complex, multi-phased projects from beginning to end utilizing Microsoft Desktop and Server Applications with Waterfall methodology. Work collaboratively with Leadership & Program Manager and cross-functional teams to develop and define the project's objectives overseeing quality control throughout its life cycle, including project team time tracking, weekly status report, monthly budget forecasts and cost-benefit analysis.    • Leading a successful transformation effort project delivery with projects that were up to a year and a half past due  • Provide a holistic view of the overall project to executive management and all stakeholders.  • Exhibit proactive, consistent behavior by engaging in project planning activities, including but not limited to:  • Defining the overall scope of the project;  • Creating and maintaining a consolidated timeline and schedule highlighting the major milestones and associated dates for project activities;  • Identifying and communicating project dependencies and impacts  • Putting mechanisms in place to ensure on-going control of the project (E.g., Kick off meeting, overall Project Management Approach, Communication Plan, Risk Management, Issues Management, Change Control, etc.)  • Define project governance, outlining roles, responsibilities, decision rights and clearly defined escalation path.  • Ensure success criteria defined upfront to promote alignment and actively manage expected project outcomes.  • Keep all stakeholders (internal & external) engaged in the project, aligned on expected outcomes, and informed about what is occurring throughout project.  • Proactively communicate the project's progress on an on-going basis, ensuring transparency throughout project lifecycle.  • Provide leadership and key stakeholders with the information and venues to make effective, timely decisions.  • Facilitate alignment and approach for all related Client business areas to meet One Client Objectives  • Understands the culture of business software organizations.  • Facilitate daily/weekly/monthly conference calls/internal meetings to discuss project progress to stakeholders.  • Provide meeting agenda and meeting minutes for every conference call/meeting.  (Environments- Clarity project management tool. Remedy, Sterling File Gateway, WebEx Live- Utilized for remote meetings and project presentations. Citrix. .Net- Management System utilized for enrollment tracking and accessing forms. SharePoint; data storage, Outlook) Senior Project Manager Med Synergies - Dallas, TX November 2013 to November 2014 Led a team of 12 highly skilled developers to update client's database infrastructure. In addition, led a team of 56 to create customized health care management systems for doctor's office, clinics and hospitals around the U.S. (Completed both projects, simultaneously, early and under budget. Successfully coordinates and completes medium-to-large software development, software deployment and post deployment software support initiatives, complex, multi-phased projects from beginning to end companies utilizing Microsoft Desktop and Server Applications with Waterfall methodology. Responsible for defining the project's objectives and overseeing quality control throughout its life cycle, including project team time tracking, weekly status report, monthly budget forecasts and cost-benefit analysis. Customer facing project.    • Review project proposal or plan, to determine time frame, funding limitations, procedures for accomplishing project, staffing requirements, and allotment of available resources to various phases of project.  • Establishes work plan and staffing for each phase of a project, and arranges for recruitment or assignment of project personnel.  • Manage the integration of outsourced 3rd party vendors and review their deliverables.  • Directs and coordinates activities or project personnel, to ensure the project progresses on schedule and within the prescribed budget.  • Works cross functionally across the organization to manage the execution and delivery of assigned projects within established project management methodologies.  • Manages initial project documentation (implementation plan, issues log, process maps, etc.) and documents process flows and gaps.  • Documents and identifies gaps in department and business processes through process mapping to illustrate current and future state.  • Develops and tracks detailed projects plan including setting deadlines and assigning responsibilities  • Tracks key project milestones and deliverables to ensure timely completion of assigned projects. Identifies risks to project plan and initiates corrective action as needed  • Identifies and/or tracks business and/or technical issues and ensures appropriate resolution  • Partners with key stake holders to develop and execute contingency plans as needed  • Maintain project plan and various project documents; update documents regularly and communicate updates to the clients and internal parties  • Responsible for documenting process and procedures pertaining to RCX software conversion while running/updating SQL Scripts  • Proactively communicate to clients and internal departments throughout the implementation process  • Develops presentations and reports for senior leadership and key stakeholders on project statuses and risks  • Oversee the preparation of monthly reports on project progress  • Establishment of project budget. Analyze job costs and manage the project to the closing budget  • Write reports on the project for management and funders  • Communicate with funders as outlined in funding agreements  • Monitor and approve all budgeted project expenditures  • Monitor cash flow projections and report actual cash flow and variance to senior management on a regular basis (monthly/bimonthly)  • Manage all project funds in accordance to established accounting policies and procedures  • Ensure that all financial records for the project are up to date  • Prepare financial reports and supporting documentation for funders as outlined in funding agreements  • Utilize MS Project to develop, analyze and manage project plans/schedules, project timelines, track project milestones and deliverables  • Facilitate daily/weekly/monthly conference calls/internal meetings to discuss project progress to stakeholders.  • Provide meeting agenda and meeting minutes for every conference call/meeting.  (Environments: Flowcast and Groupcast -testing environments; utilized access patient information and provider enrollment. .Net-management system; utilized for tracking enrollment and forms. Centricity- data comes in and out. Athena - database; data storage. RCX-data scrub utilized for clinic and patient information. MS Project 2010- Project management tool. WebEx Live- Utilized for remote meetings and project presentations. .Net- Management System utilized for enrollment tracking and accessing forms. SharePoint; data storage, Outlook, Citrix) Senior Project Manager Health Fitness Corporation - Dallas, TX September 2013 to November 2013 Responsible for managing the development and implementation of project phases to full life cycle project management, providing strategic direction for software development including scoping, objectives, estimating, design, analysis, feasibility studies, budget, timelines/scheduling and monitoring as well as providing overall project leadership for quarterly releases and all other committed deliverables companies utilizing Microsoft Desktop and Server Applications with Agile Scrum methodology.    • Coordinate requirement gathering meetings with business analysts and internal Subject Matter Experts (SME) to drive Health Fitness' quarterly project release schedule.  • Facilitate client/internal customer acceptance testing and sign-off verifying completion of implementation and release to production, and transfer account information and support responsibilities to appropriate internal customer and/or stakeholder.  • Provide ongoing regular communication vehicle for internal and external customers to access quarterly releases, software project status, highlighting key issues and changes from original plan.  • Manage customer requirements, provide scoping, scope management, develop project document and execute the project plan.  • Develop detailed work plans, schedules, project estimates, and status reports. Manage the integration of outsourced vendors and review their deliverables.  • Ensure best practice project management methodologies and processes as well as implementing quality and change control procedures.  • Interpersonal and communication skills to facilitate team efforts, provide guidance and direction to team members, and communicate project objectives, parameters, status, and outcomes  • Facilitate daily/weekly/monthly conference calls/internal meetings to discuss project progress to stakeholders.  • Provide meeting agenda and meeting minutes for every conference call/meeting.  (Environments-Daptiv project management tool. WebEx Live- Utilized for remote meetings and project presentations. Citrix. .Net- Management System utilized for enrollment tracking and accessing forms. SharePoint; data storage, Outlook) Senior Project Manager Citibank/Techni Source - Irving, TX July 2012 to July 2013 Implement the terms of the Marketing Service Agreement (MSA) between Citibank and Real Estate Brokerage companies utilizing Waterfall methodology. This includes incorporating the Citibank brand with new lines of businesses, liaising between The Business and Development ( IT) to ensure timely completion of each project, implementing new partner relationships, including contract compliance, creating and ordering Marketing collateral utilizing the CRM Sales Force. Customer-facing project.    • Effectively apply the project management Waterfall methodology to enforce project standards.  • Coordinate with Sales/Marketing teams to ensure all required documentation is provided for implementation to meet the effective date of services  • Take ownership of entire implementation process; escalate issues to management as needed  • Responsible for working with business unit management to establish project priorities, utilizing excellent leadership and communication skills.  • Leads cross functional project teams to deliver solutions addressing customer requirements; defines milestones, resources & schedules. Communicating to all stakeholders on a timely basis, often including Executive Level Management. •  • Foster cross-functional relationships to strengthen communication improve productivity and resolve issues. Interface with senior business managers and partners while representing Citi professionally and effectively.  • Facilitates meetings of various sizes with various levels of individuals towards an end goal via the usage of WebEx Live meeting  • Allocate necessary resources to execute projects, addressing business process and technology issues impacting the project.  • Demonstrate strong process, project and large matrix-team management skills, with clear results orientation and proven resourcefulness  • Partners with business unit management to establish project priorities, utilizing excellent leadership and communication skills    • Practices established project management and re-engineering principles, including organization, facilitation, analysis, and documentation  • Worked on the SQL database  • Develops processed standards to streamline for the MSA campaign developments and database/query process  • CRM- SalesForce.com  • Facilitate daily/weekly/monthly conference calls/internal meetings to discuss project progress to stakeholders.  • Provide meeting agenda and meeting minutes for every conference call/meeting.  (Environments; Salesforce, SharePoint; data storage. Citrix, AS400, LMS, WebEx Live- Utilized for remote meetings and project presentations. Salesforce - Data storage utilized to store contacts, forecasting, performance & marketing agreements, Citrix- processing loans and storing customer information, SQL- coding used to build business rules and applications, Microsoft Access- Stores marketing messaging, LPS System- processes loans, Outlook Sr. Business Analyst/ Project Manager JPMorgan Chase Mortgage Banking - Lewisville, TX September 2009 to June 2012 Effectively apply the project management Waterfall methodology and enforce project standards to deliver solutions addressing the Dodd Frank implementation across all LOBs. A liaison between line of business leaders and Development ( IT), subject matter experts, Policy Team, and Default Change Management, providing business support, consultative services, policy enforcement, and project management.    • Utilize MS Project to develop, analyze and manage project plans/schedules, project timelines, track project milestones and deliverables  • Responsible for working with business unit management to establish project priorities, utilizing excellent leadership and communication skills.    • Participates in the development and preparation of internal reviews and audits as requested. A liaison between line of business leaders, subject matter experts, Policy Team, and Default Change  • Ensure policies and lines of business remain compliant to regulatory guidelines and implemented policies  • Utilize MSP/LPS for "deep dive" loan level audits identified by internal audit teams. These "Deep Dives" are performed on a bi-weekly basis to identify and remediate risk pertaining to various Lines of Business (LOBs).  • Perform gap analysis to evaluate data and reports to determine inefficiencies, breakdowns in process work flows, the integrity of data and training issues within the loss mitigation department for audit readiness  • Interact with internal and external audit and quality assurance teams, outside auditor, government regulatory agencies, investors on issues related to loss mitigation default loan servicing audits, reviews and assessments  • Office of the Comptroller of the Currency Remediation Project- I partner with Borrower Assistance, Default and Servicing business units to ensure that existing processes, procedures and training materials align with new/revised policy verbiage per the OCC to ensure obligations are mapped to policies and procedures, are upheld within those policies and procedures, and any gaps are remediated. Remediation activities will include impact analysis, Policy Change Notification submission (when necessary) and validation of the remediated policies in support of Federal and Government obligations.  • Facilitate daily/weekly/monthly conference calls/internal meetings to discuss project progress to stakeholders.  • Provide meeting agenda and meeting minutes for every conference call/meeting.  Internal Audit/Vendor Management  • Gather critical information; conduct interviews; review documents; develop flowcharts, narratives, and risk/control matrices; perform walkthroughs; and evaluate the design adequacy of key business processes.  • Develop and perform audit procedures covering key business processes; select samples utilizing appropriate sampling techniques; document work performed and conclusions reached in the audit working papers; and analyze results to conclude as to control effectiveness.  • Identify unmitigated risks and/or control issues and hold initial discussions with line management to confirm understanding and initiate the corrective action process with responsible parties.  • Communicate or assist in communicating the results of internal audit projects via written reports and oral presentations to management.  (Environments; SharePoint; data storage. Citrix, AS400, LMS, WebEx Live- Utilized for remote meetings and project presentations, LPS System- processes loans used for deep dive audits performed, Outlook, SQL and Oracle- used to access invoices for deep dive audits performed, Visio - used for presentations to connect diagrams to data sources and display their data graphically and sub process (diagram breakdown Survey Monkey- Utilized to created departmental surveys)    * Deutsche Bank (Mortgage IT Holdings, Inc.-Senior Compliance Analyst/July 9, 2007- February 4, 2008  * Nations Wholesale Lending Group, Inc.-Compliance Manager and Training /August 2003-November 2008 Education Political Science and English Literature Fisk University - Nashville, TN