IT Administrator <span class="hl">IT</span> Administrator Clinton, UT Vision-driven PMP and CSM certified IT project manager with career-long record of computer systems administration, technical operations, project coordination, network operations and computer security strategy success for leading organizations    KEY SKILLS    • Technical Troubleshooting/Planning   • Project Management   • Active Directory  • Vmware Administrator   • Hardware Configurations/Repair  • DHCP/DNS Administrator   • Remote Support  • Windows and Mac Support  • Preventative Maintenance  • User Training/Customer Service  • Customer Support  • Log and Track Problem Database  • Network Support (LAN, WAN, VPN)  • Microsoft 365 Administration and Support  • Windows and MAC Support Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Administrator Asahi Refining - Salt Lake City, UT January 2019 to Present • Administer over 30 VMware 6.5 virtual servers ranging from Server 2008 to Server 2016.     • Administer over 200 users in Office 365 including, creating accounts, blocking accounts, controlling SPAM and Phishing etc.    • Perform onsite and remote analysis, diagnosis and resolution of information technology problems (computers, networks, IP phones, wireless, printers, scanners, etc.) and recommend and implement corrective solutions.    • Administer DHCP, DNS and Active Directory servers for all 3 locations throughout the US and Canada.    • Use SQL programming to create and pull information from multiple SQL servers throughout the company.      • Install, configure, test, maintain, monitor, and troubleshoot end-user workstations and related   hardware and software in order to deliver required desktop service level with high levels of customer satisfaction.    • Managed user accounts using Active Directory 2008 to create new domain accounts, provide controlled access to VPN and existing network shares as well as creating new shares.    • Responded to server down alerts in a timely manner and monitored them via HP iLO/ Dell DRAC.    • Author technical documents, procedural guides and reports by synthesizing best practices and following record-keeping procedure.    • Project planning and tracking; creating key milestones and performance indicators DEPARTMENT LEAD/PROGRAM MANAGER EUROPE AND ASIA DIVISIONS University of Maryland University College Europe/Asia - Kaiserslautern, DE July 2011 to December 2018 • First line technical support of all locations (30+) throughout Europe and the Middle East/North Africa including networking, software, hardware, and database.    • Maintained networking systems for all sites throughout Europe including LAN, WAN and VPN.    • Administered Office 365 accounts     • Administered multiple servers both physical and virtual using the VMware platform.    • Responded to server down alerts in a timely manner and monitored them via HP iLO/ Dell DRAC.    • Managed user accounts using Active Directory to create new domain accounts, provide controlled access to existing network shares as well as creating new ones.    • Install, configure, test, maintain, monitor, and troubleshoot end-user workstations and related hardware and software in order to deliver required desktop service level.    • Perform onsite and remote analysis, diagnosis and resolution of information technology problems (computers, networks, IP phones, wireless, printers, scanners, etc.) and recommend and implement corrective solutions.    • Lead multiple projects (30+) including software development, new location opening, marketing, local events, training, and information technology.    • Lead teams of varying sizes and in remote locations across Europe and the Middle East/North Africa to deliver and document projects adhering to strict budget, deadline and scope.    • Coach and guide new team members (30+) by leading on-the-job training and annual/on-board training.    • Work with 40+ team members across varying areas of expertise and geographic locations to accomplish a common goal.    • Author technical documents, procedural guides and reports by synthesizing best practices and following record-keeping procedure. These documents used by locations in both Europe and Asia. PROJECT MANAGER/Programmer (INTERN) Virtual Roll Call for United States Air Force July 2014 to October 2016 • Directed the development of first-in-history Virtual Roll Call software over the course of 2+ years, coordinating the project from inception to completion.  • Worked with key stakeholders to define requirements and delivery milestones for the software  • Provide high level project reports to stakeholders, working group and military executives.  • Led team of 10 to deliver and document project adhering to strict budget, deadline and scope.  • Program has saved service members thousands of dollars and travel time to the air terminal. Education MS in Technology Management Specializing in Project Management University of Maryland-University College - Adelphi, MD January 2015 to January 2017 BS in Computer Networking and Cyber-security University of Maryland-University College - Adelphi, MD January 2010 to January 2014 Skills Active Directory (7 years), AS/400 (2 years), Microsoft Project (7 years), Microsoft Office 365 (5 years), Base Camp (3 years), Asana (2 years), Conflict Resolution (10+ years), Budget Management (7 years), Risk Management (5 years), Project Management (5 years), VM Ware (4 years), DNS (7 years), DHCP (7 years), Information Backup (10+ years), Information Technology (10+ years), LAN (10+ years), WAN (10+ years), VPN (10+ years), Troubleshooting (10+ years), Printers (10+ years), Server Administration (7 years), Microsoft Windows Support (10+ years), VOIP (7 years), Customer Service (10+ years), MAC Support (3 years), PMP, Scrum Master, SDLC, Waterfall, Vmware (5 years) Awards 733d Air Mobility Command Innovation Award 2015-10 Award for developing a drastic innovation in the Department of the Air Force, awarded by Colonel Jupe Etheridge. Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) December 2017 to December 2021 CSM July 2018 to July 2022 Certified Scrum Master, Attended class taught in Frankfurt, DE and passed the required examination. Network + May 2014 to May 2022 Additional Information Technical Proficiencies: Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint), Microsoft Project, Marketing, Base Camp, Asana, Windows, Linux (Red Hat, Ubuntu), AS/400, Mac OS, servers, routers, Firewalls, IDS, IPS, LAN, wireless LAN, Microsoft Exchange, Active Directory, Access, EDMS/Documentum, Visual Basic, People Soft, Conflict Management, Budget Management, Risk Management