Project Manager / Executive Desktop Support <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> / Executive Desktop Support Project Manager / Executive Desktop Support - Franklin Templeton Investments Sunrise, FL Work Experience Project Manager / Executive Desktop Support Franklin Templeton Investments - Fort Lauderdale, FL June 2019 to Present • Assist with imaging and deploying Windows 10 Machines  • Engaging end users with good communication skills while resolving issues  • Worked with Service Level Agreements (SLA's) using ServiceNOW ticketing system  • Using SCCM to deploy images from Win 7 to Win 10  • Supporting 5000 on-site and remote associates, In-House computer systems, desktops, and peripherals for Broadspire and supports end-users via phone, remote support tools and hands on interaction.  • Providing technical Level 3 Customer Desktop support, Level 3 Tier Support for Windows 7 & 10 and for HP Laptops and Workstations. Senior Desktop Analyst Yochana IT Solutions - Sunrise, FL August 2018 to May 2019 • Supporting 5000 on-site and remote associates, In-House computer systems, desktops, and peripherals for Broadspire and supports end-users via phone, remote support tools and hands on interaction.  • Worked with Service Level Agreements (SLA's).  • Providing technical Level 3 Customer Desktop support, Level 3 Tier Support for Windows 7 & 10 and supporting Office 365, Windows 7, 10 on Dell, Lenovo hardware.  • LANDESK Image - Create Computer Images  • Configuring & troubleshooting Lenovo Thin Clients  • Troubleshoot problem areas in a timely and accurate fashion and provides end user training and assistance where required.  • Performed on-site analysis, diagnosis, and resolution of complex PC problems for a variety of end users and recommended and implemented corrective hardware solutions. Attentive in documentation and record-keeping Senior Desktop Analyst Royal Caribbean Cruises, Ltd - Miramar, FL June 2018 to August 2018 • Supported 2000 Associates, In-House computer systems, Desktops, and peripherals for Royal Caribbean.  • Worked with Service Level Agreements (SLA's).  • Troubleshot, configured, imaged and installed computer and network equipment while providing technical Level 3 customer desktop support.  • Level 3 Tier Support for Windows 7 & 10.  • Supported Office 365, end-users via phone, remote support tools and hands on interaction.  • Supported Windows 7, 10 on Dell, Lenovo hardware and MacBooks.  • Created Computer Images (SCCM Images)  • Configured & troubleshot Lenovo Thin Clients  • Troubleshot problem areas and provided end user training and assistance where required.  • Performed on-site analysis, diagnosis, and resolution of complex PC problems for a variety of end users and recommended and implemented corrective hardware solutions.  • Ability to write technical procedures, user manuals, documentation and record-keeping. Senior Desktop Technician Southern Glazers Wine and Spirits - Miramar, FL April 2018 to June 2018 • Supported "in-house" computer systems, desktops, and peripherals for over 2100 associates in two buildings in Miramar.  • Worked with Service Level Agreements (SLA's).  • Troubleshot, configured, imaged and installed computer and network equipment while providing technical 3rd tier customer desktop support.  • Level III Tier Support for Windows 10. Supported Office 365, end-users via phone, remote support tools and hands on interaction and Windows 10 on Lenovo hardware.  • Created and removed user account, distribution groups, security and printer groups.  • Managed & troubleshot Windows Server 2008 & 2010 Environments, HP Thin Clients, and VMs  • Setting Up WebEx, Polycom, and Video Teleconferencing Meetings.  • SCCM & LANDESK Image - Create Computer Images  • Performed on-site analysis, diagnosis, and resolution of complex PC problems for a variety of end users and recommended and implemented corrective hardware solutions. Attentive in documentation and record-keeping and the ability to write technical procedures and user manuals. Desktop Support Engineer First Data - Coral Springs, FL June 2015 to February 2018 • Supported two buildings with 2000+ associates in Coral Springs, In-House computer systems, desktops, and peripherals for First Data.  • Troubleshot, configured, imaged and installed computer and network equipment while providing technical 2nd Tier Customer Desktop support.  • Level I - II Tier Support for Windows 7 & 8.  • Worked with Service Level Agreements (SLA's).  • Proven record to assist the C-LEVEL team.  • Supported Office 365 for GOOD Mobile Email.  • Supported end-users via phone, remote support tools and hands on interaction.  • Supported Windows 7, 8 on Dell, Microsoft, HP, Windows and Apple hardware.  • Created and removed user account, distribution groups, security and printer groups  • Managed & troubleshot Windows Server 2008 & 2010 Environments, HP Thin Clients, and VM's  • Configured & Deployed Windows Group Policy  • Exchange Sever 2010 Administrator - created/deleted/modified email accounts  • Set up WebEx, Polycom, and Video Teleconferencing Meetings  • LANDESK Image - created Computer Images  • Supported and maintained in-house computer systems, desktops, and peripherals for high availability to First Data's Employees. Desktop Support Technician (Senior Helpdesk Support) Pediatric Associates (Healthcare) - Plantation, FL January 2014 to June 2015 Plantation, Florida (multiple practices) January 2014 - June 2015  Desktop Support Technician (Senior Helpdesk Support)  • Operated remote and local onsite support  • Worked with Service Level Agreements (SLA's).  • Followed ITIL Guidelines & Practices.  • Level I - II Tier Support for WINDOWS 7 & 8.  • Help Desk Support for over 800 end users in 34 locations in Florida.  • Worked with SharePoint trouble ticketing software.  • Analyzed support tickets to find trends & patterns and present them in an excel format and create PowerPoint presentations for stakeholders.  • Provided TELCO support to the administration of wireless telecommunication devices and services.  • Troubleshot problem areas in a timely and accurate fashion and provide end user training and assistance where and when required.  • Provided Call Center Support and responsible for answering calls in a professional, courteous, and helpful manner following standard procedures.  • Performed on-site analysis, diagnosis, and resolution of complex PC problems for a variety of end users and recommend and implement corrective hardware solutions.  • Created and removed user accounts, distribution groups, security and printer groups.  • Worked with Service Level Agreements (SLA's).  • Executed archiving procedure issue escalations to resolve any issues within the support procedures.  • Supported and maintained in-house computer systems, desktops, and peripherals for high availability to Pediatric Associates' Employees.  • Installed, diagnosed, repaired, maintained, and upgraded all hardware and equipment while ensuring optimal workstation performance. IT Client Analyst (Senior Helpdesk Support) Memorial Healthcare Systems (Healthcare) - Miramar, FL 2010 to 2013 • Provided Senior level Helpdesk Support for over 1000 end users and Call Center support answering calls following standard procedures.  • Recorded and tracked all support calls in "Right Now" database (150 - 200 tickets daily)  • Executed archiving procedure issue escalations to resolve any issues.  • Supported and maintained "in-house" computer systems, desktops, and peripherals for high availability to Memorial Healthcare Employees.  • Worked with Service Level Agreements (SLA's). Star, HP 2010 to 2010 - Troubleshot and modified permissions along with site management  • Troubleshot Sharp (Creating Retention Folders, Setup Scan To Email), Star, HP, Fujitsu Printers And Scanners.  • Configured & Troubleshot HP Thin Clients  • Troubleshot problem areas in a timely and accurate fashion and provides end user training and assistance where required.  • Performed on-site analysis, diagnosis, and resolution of complex PC problems for a variety of end users and recommended and implemented corrective hardware solutions. Attentive in documentation and record-keeping  • Ability to write technical procedures, user manuals. IT Support Specialist CSL Plasma Inc (Healthcare) - Boca Raton, FL 2009 to 2010 • Supported and maintained in-house computer systems, desktops, and peripherals for high availability to CSL Plasma. All quality and regulatory procedures and documentation requirements are followed according to ITIL Guidelines & Practices.  • Performed on-site analysis, diagnosis, and resolution of complex PC problems for a variety of end users and recommended and implemented corrective hardware solutions.  • Worked with end users to identify and deliver required PC service levels.  • Support development and implementation of new computer projects and hardware installations. Education Associate Skills Dns, Exchange, Firewalls, Itil, Remedy, Tcp/ip, Citrix, Dhcp, Lan/wan, Landesk, Tcp, Telco, Vmware, Vpn, Wireless, Application software, Ms project, Visio, Sharepoint, Mozilla Links http://www.linkedin.com/pub/donaldlowe/51/470/971