Microsoft Office 365 - Experis contractor Microsoft Office 365 - Experis contractor Microsoft Office 365 - Premier Support Engineer - Experis Sacramento, CA Work Experience Microsoft Office 365 - Experis contractor Experis January 2017 to Present Concierges Senior Support Engineer - Premier Support Engineer    Provide Small Business and Premier Level Support to Office 365 Clients. Help Mentor and Train new employees as they come on to both Concierges and Premier Support platforms. Manage work flow and escalation of cases for agents. Manage agent production and performance. Troubleshooting and Support Engineer for all Office 365 Offerings. Provide billing support for Office 365 Subscriptions.    • Office 365 Exchange Administrator Support and Administration  • SharePoint Online Administration and Support  • Office 365 Admin Center Support and Administration  • Client Soft Skills and Support  • Mentoring and Training of new hire  • Consulting and Review of Peer cases.  • Manage front line agents performance, satisfaction scores, and workflow  • Process handoff and escalation requests for agents. IT Administrator Tappan Solutions January 2016 to December 2016 Provide support to clients with daily tasks. Provide server maintenance to clients on weekly basis. Help customers find the right solution for business technical needs. Provide support for AD account management for clients. Provide data recovery expertise when need is presented by clients.    • Server 2008, SBS 2008. SBS 2011, 2012 Administration  • Office 365 Configuration, Administration, and Implementation  • General PC Repair and Diagnostics  • Mac Repair and Diagnostics  • Data Recovery  • Client Management Network and Systems Administrator Capitol Tech Solutions - Sacramento, CA September 2014 to December 2015 Manage multiple client server sets in V Sphere. Manage Client relations for small business and school districts. Handle support calls for client servers, exchange services, AD management, and general issues. Manage backup of all client and in house servers.    • Server 2008, 2012 Configuration and Implementation  • AD account management and migration  • Office 365 Configuration, Administration, and Implementation  • Exchange Account Management and configuration  • Backup Exec implementation and management.  • V Sphere Installation, Upgrade, Management  • HP Routers and switch's  • C7000 Blade Chassis server management  • SharePoint Management  • SonicWALL Management Junior Project Manager/Client Management/Support Agent HITCare - Sacramento, CA January 2014 to September 2014 Provide tier 2/3 support to clients in the medical field. Manage small IT teams throughout different organization's and structures. Project management and handling of purchase and receipt of IT equipment.    • Mac OS X 10.5-10.9 Support  • ConnectWise ticketing System  • Manage IT teams for multiple Clients both onsite and offsite  • Hardware support on Enterprise and End User Machines  • Office 365 Configuration, Administration, and Implementation  • Server 2008, 2012  • AD account management  • Exchange Account Management AppleCare Advisor Tier 1 CPU & Hardware Apple Inc - Elk Grove, CA June 2013 to January 2014 Provide tier 1 support for AppleCare customers in Elk Grove call center. Provide support on all MacBook, iMac, and Mac Mini computer products. Help Apple customers with problems related to hardware and Mac OS X products. Provide all support in the form of phone support.    • Mac OS X 10.5-10.9 Support, Installation, Repair, Maintenance, and Recovery  • iLog ticketing System  • Bomgar Remote Advisor  • Hardware support on MacBook, iMac, and Mac Mini products  • Sales of AppleCare Protection Plan  • Phone support for all AppleCare customers  • Provide support for Account Security of Apple ID's