Creative Director Creative Director Creative Technology Specialist Wilmington, DE Looking for a creative position in IT and/or advertisement marketing that will benefit the company having me bring my skill set to the table.  www.bkwilson.weebly.com Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Creative Director Name Day Studios LLC - Wilmington, DE August 2018 to Present Write, Direct, Produce, and distribute short films/advertisements on Amazon Prime.   Collaborate on designs, custom graphics, and distribution licensing for websites, music, and product photography.  bit.ly/namedaystudios for samples expert US Airforce - Ramstein January 2018 to April 2018 Ramstein, Germany Jan 2018-Present  Office 365 Deployment Team  ? Traveled Germany responsible for deploying Windows 10 images across several military bases.  ? Planned deployment of Windows 10 for office buildings, confidential locations and hospitals.  ? Labeled and Saved serial ids to manage identifying between SIPR AND NIPR.  ? Set up all employees' workstations and laptops with access to the server.  ? Worked with Director of IT, airmen, and contract professionals at each site planning unique  strategies to execute deployment and training based on the needs of each site and each  employee.  ? Provided expert support to the Top levels of management.  ? Troubleshoot common issues with CP migrator, fiber network, and cable management.  ? Worked on call for issues when experts were needed.  ? Received clearance entering bases in Ramstein area.  ? Received special clearance from Secretary of Defense to enter locations only active duty and  CAC could.  ? Received international Driver's license for this project.  2228 N. Pine st  Wilmington, DE 19802  302.307.2525 Project Coordinator North East Data - Mehoopany, PA April 2017 to December 2017 Office 365 Deployment Team  ? Traveled North America responsible for installing Microsoft Office 2013 Pro and Microsoft Office Hardware Manager Frontier Scientific, Inc - Newark, DE June 2016 to January 2017 Sole hardware manager responsible for office hardware and providing desktop support.  ? Built a network server and connected it to the company internal network via landlines ethernet  connections and Wi-Fi.  ? Labeled and restructured the storage rooms.  ? Set up new employees' workstations and managed key cards.  ? Worked with Director of IT and CIO and providing executive support  ? Reimaged XP to Windows 10.  ? Rebuilt hard drives and made hardware compatibility function on all PCs with code  ? Wrote troubleshooting processes for repair technicians and database for solutions Desktop Support Specialist Richards, Layton, & Finger - Wilmington, DE January 2016 to April 2016 Deployed Windows 7 and MAC OS within an enterprise level environment  ? Handled technical troubleshooting, including system crashes, slow-downs and data recoveries  ? Responsible for promptly and professionally responding to and troubleshooting problems with equipment, software, and network connectivity.  ? Ability to setup, install, move, and remove equipment and software as requested.  ? Responsible for providing basic training to staff on technology and displaying both teamwork and leadership abilities.  ? Performed user account creation, modification, and deactivation IT management ProPlus at Procter & Gamble 2016 to 2016 secure plant sites/office buildings.  ? Planned deployment of Microsoft Office 365 for Proctor and Gamble's sites in multiple  plants/office buildings.  ? Labeled and Saved Asset Tags in TagIT, a hardware asset tracking program.  ? Set up all employees' workstations and laptops with access to the Microsoft cloud.  ? Worked with Director of IT and HP professionals at each site planning unique strategies to execute deployment and training based on the needs of each site and each employee.  ? Provided expert support to the Top levels of management.  ? Troubleshoot common issues with upgrading Microsoft office products.  ? Wrote troubleshooting processes for onsite technicians and higher level IT management. Help Desk Technician IPR International - Wilmington, DE 2013 to October 2015 Desktop Support  ? Nimsoft ticketing system  ? Avamar backups and automation  2228 N. Pine st  Wilmington, DE 19802  302.307.2525    ? VMware set up, repair, back up, and shut down ? Server Maintenance - Cisco, Linux, Windows (03-R2)  ? Data Center Security  ? Provided support to 3 office locations and 2 data centers Help Desk Boys & Girls Clubs of Delaware - Claymont, DE 2013 to 2013 Claymont, DE 2013-2013  Desktop/Network Support  ? Imaged Desktops to Windows 7/Office 2010  ? Created Image for Desktop upgrades  ? Removing/Installing desktops  ? Repairing Laptops and desktops  ? Help Desk support  ? Cloud Support  ? Cable Management  ? VMware creation and additions to network  ? Troubleshooting  ? Remote Desktop (RDP) with MRC Education Certified Specialist in Information Technology Tech Impact - Wilmington, DE April 2013 to July 2013 Bachelor's in Organizational Leadership Wilmington University - New Castle, DE September 2009 to May 2012 Certified Film Director in Directing for Film New York Film Academy - Los Angeles, CA June 2003 to April 2004 Certified Filmmaker in Filmmaking New York Film Academy - Princeton, NJ June 2000 to August 2000 Skills VMWARE (3 years), MAINTENANCE (2 years), HARDWARE REPAIR (Less than 1 year), WINDOWS XP (Less than 1 year), MAC (Less than 1 year), Photography, Lightroom, Premiere, Video Production, After Effects, Marketing (10+ years), Advertising (10+ years), Project Management (10+ years), Production Management (10+ years), Leadership Development (7 years), CGI (10+ years), Written Communication (10+ years), Distribution (3 years), Web Design (4 years), Website Design (3 years), Web Development (4 years), Art Direction (10+ years), Coordinator (10+ years) Links http://www.bkwilson.weebly.com Additional Information Creative Skills listed here www.bkwilson.weebly.com  Technical Skills:  ? Computer maintenance  ? Windows XP, 7& 8, 10, MAC OS, Apple A/V products  ? Software and Hardware repair  ? Cloud Support  ? Cable Management  ? VMware  ? Remote Desktop