Information Management Manager Information Management <span class="hl">Manager</span> Information Manager Jersey Village, TX Information management professional with a diverse set of skills and experience focused on understanding business needs and processes to support a dispersed workforce. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Information Management Manager SGCE - Pasadena, TX December 2018 to July 2019 As the SGCE Information Management (IM) Manager, I designed, implemented and managed all processes related to both physical and digital content across all SGCE companies by:  • Gathering departmental business requirements for IM and document control processes  • Developing, implementing and maintaining a corporate taxonomy  • Creating and maintaining IM Governance while adhering to applicable regulatory requirements   • Fitting for purpose any and all software applications necessary to manage the information lifecycle Developing and implementing a corporate records retention policy  • Supervising all Document Control Specialists regardless of geographic location, and ensuring quality execution of the Document Control process  • Training all end users and staff on IM practices, software applications and enhancements. Information Manager ( Project Document Control) Kiewit Energy / Kiewit Engineering - Houston, TX November 2017 to December 2018 • Established standard operating procedures based on a quality management system for the document control department, including document management plan templates for use by project management.   • Coordinated with project team management and leads for project-specific requirements that deviated from standard templates built in SharePoint and other document management software.   • Implemented and maintained master metadata and taxonomies and vetted any changes to lists with key stakeholders.   • Developed and led training on basic IM concepts and document management software, both enterprise-wide and project-specific. IT Collaboration and Training Specialist ED&F Man / Westway Feed Products - Tomball, TX November 2015 to April 2017 • Served as a SharePoint Administrator in an Office 365 environment, including the strategic development, design, implementation, and troubleshooting of 15 departmental site collections.   • Developed SharePoint applications with custom forms and workflows for use in sales and manufacturing processes, including the deployment to 22 feed plants of a standardized daily   receipt/production/shipment log which eliminated 3 paper forms and multiple spreadsheets.   • Coordinated the migration of Westway Feed’s SharePoint farm to ED&F Man using Metalogix.   • Designed a comprehensive technology training program for all employees and delivered training via lunch-and-learns, conference calls, and hands-on learning. Knowledge Management Advisor Baker Hughes Incorporated - Houston, TX October 2012 to September 2014 • Served in a consultancy role for deploying communities of practice throughout the enterprise by communicating with and assisting in change management for all levels of the organization, including internal clients with varying skill sets, experience, and culture.   • Worked within knowledge management to document and streamline business processes; led a Lean Six Sigma project to reduce steps in the community launch process by 56%.   • Designed, developed and implemented analytical software and other tools to monitor usage, activity and business value metrics for the entire knowledge management program.   • Gathered and synthesized business input on design of community sites, discussion forums and analytical tools and liaised with IT Process to create and maintain these tools within Microsoft SharePoint 2010/2013. Business Analyst / Knowledge Management Specialist Chevron Business and Real Estate Services - Houston, TX July 2008 to October 2012 • Served as the link between the business and IT for an Integrated Workplace Management System (IWMS) software deployment team, which included data gathering, logistical analysis and communications/change management.   • Provided training and user support across all global regions for the initial implementation of the IWMS Service Request and Employee Move Module (which intakes over 147,000 requests a year), including development and ongoing maintenance of training materials.   • Performed a consultancy role over logistical/training support for additional module implementations, including project management and facility operations data migration.   • Managed and consulted on networking activities, content, technology, and analytics of a community of practice housed in SharePoint 2007/2010, providing services for all employees and contractors within Chevron’s global facilities and real estate services business unit. Education MS in Library Science University of North Texas - Denton, TX August 1995 to August 1997 BS in Psychology University of Houston - Houston, TX August 1991 to May 1993 Skills Business Analysis (10+ years), Collaboration (10+ years), Communications (10+ years), Change Management (10+ years), Knowledge Management (6 years), Library Management (10+ years), Records Management (5 years), Training (10+ years), Microsoft Office (10+ years), Sharepoint (10+ years), Document Management (2 years) Additional Information • Currently seeking new opportunities due to a complete project shutdown at my most recent employer; available immediately.  • Self-employed as an independent real estate consultant beginning in September 2014 to present.   • Supervised librarians, support staff, interns and student workers over the course of fifteen years of working in libraries, including five years as the head cataloger for the Lone Star College System and three years as library director at American Intercontinental University, 1993-2008.   • Served as Captain of a volunteer committee for the Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo, an appointed position where I managed up to 60 volunteers, 2009-2011; serving as a volunteer since 2004.