Project Manager (Contractor) <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> (Contractor) IT PMO PROJECT MANAGER Voorhees, NJ PMI Project Management Professional (PMP)®, scheduled to take exam on September 28,2019.    HIGHLIGHT OF ACCOMPLISHMENTS  • Timely Project Delivery: Collaborated with project team and leaders on the implementation, rollout and communications for the ServiceNow Project Portfolio Management (PPM) and related processes.     Responsible for Community of Practice Transformation project deliverables, a +10M program.  Results: Delivered projects on schedule and within program budget.    • Process Improvement: Pre-preemptively addressed project managers, internal stakeholder and business users (consumer) status report pain points.  Results: Obtained clear requirements from business, recommended an approach to trending for status indicators, reduced creation time required by PMs.     • Stakeholder / Business Relationship Management: Results: Strengthened business/client relationship which led to the successful renewal of a high-profile client.    • Problem Solving / Change Management: Company culture was strong on “transparency” which led to a large amount of time spent in meetings. Amount of time spent in these meetings had an adverse effect on teams’ productivity and amount of time spent on managing client projects.   Results: Obtained buy-in from leadership to make changes such as reduce length of meetings which led to increased productivity on client projects and streamlined decision making processes. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager (Contractor) Undisclosed - HealthCare - Remote, NJ December 2018 to Present • Support Project Program Director on the organization-wide NYS Claims Remediation project.     • Sole ownership of the project schedule and the creation of project documentation in support of business unit goals. Collaborated with several internal business departments.    • Working closely with the Vice President, Regional Operations and Director, Provider Operations in the monitoring and resolution of issues for a major HealthCare client. Manage and track risks and issues, and hold meetings to disseminate status of issues.   Project Manager/Scheduler Company Confidential - Princeton, NJ September 2018 to November 2018 • Oversight of all testing activities delivered to approximately 4M students in K-12 grade.     • Organized, coordinated, monitored and executed the work effort to deliver testing materials (online and paper) within defined constraints for time, cost, and quality/scope. PMO Project Manager Subaru of America - Cherry Hill, NJ September 2017 to July 2018 • Under the direction of the PMO manager, built PMO processes and standards to optimize project efficiencies to ensure project success. Mentored project management best practices through training (ServiceNow) and coaching.   PMO Project Manager (Contractor) SAP - Newtown Square, PA May 2017 to September 2017 • Responsible for driving PMO strategic program road map, governance and resource management (procurements, contract renewal, onboarding) of a $24M technological project.  PROGRAM ANALYST Arcadis - Philadelphia, PA October 2016 to May 2017 • Furnished a communications plan outlining the strategy and methodologies used in the Project Support Group and project communications, information distribution, feedback and stakeholder management. Senior IT Project Coordinator/ Project Manager (Contractor) Tokio Marine North America Services - Philadelphia, PA November 2015 to October 2016 • Maintained program & project schedules in MS Project, financials and budgets, developed and managed change requests and resource capacity plans for the replacement of legacy infrastructure software applications to Guidewire BillingCenter application ($30M) budget.     • Coordinated and delivered project deliverables and artifacts per Enterprise PMO Life Cycle standards.    • Worked closely with multiple managers and other leaders to complete scheduling assignments for over 100+ off and onshore resources. Project Manager (FT Perm) - previously F/T consultant Elsevier - Philadelphia, PA May 2015 to November 2015 Project Manager role  • Led projects throughout the full project life-cycle including planning, requirements, design, development and implementation phase for custom curricula (on-ground, hybrid and online) and custom textbooks (print and electronic) for nursing and health profession schools.   Project Coordinator (Contractor) Aderant Redwood LexisNexis Analytics - Mount Laurel, NJ January 2014 to July 2014 • Oversight of 50+ master and sub- project schedules in Microsoft Project.  • Re-engineered client-facing project specification documents that led to improved internal business processes and reduced client questions and response times. IT Business Relationship Manager Project Management Institute - Newtown Square, PA February 2009 to August 2013 • Partnered with the Member Advisory Group Task Team to define & execute the 2012 Planning, Costing and Budgeting Framework.  • Managed 16 Community of Practice budgets ranging from $35k - $150k.  • Successfully produced annual Community Leadership conference.  • Chosen to serve as the Technical Lead for the department.   • Conducted event follow up to determine ROI with Senior Member Advisory Group Members and Community Leaders.   • Managed marketing plan, budget, staffing for individual Community of Practice Leadership mid-year face-to-face strategy meetings, virtual conferences, NA Leadership Institute Meetings and symposiums.  Virtual conferences and symposiums were attended by over 10,000 PMI members worldwide. Conducted post-event tasks including event debriefs to internal stakeholders, bill reconciliation.     Results:   • Honored with PMI Achievement Award for sunsetting 10 legacy specific interest groups and launching 15 Community of Practice websites three months prior to deadline date.   • Met and exceed event/conference goals that 60% or more leadership attendance.   • Identified by manager as a “valuable resource to staff and the Member Advisory Group for planning and delivering the 2012 CoP Planning Meeting.   • Collaborated with Director, Finance and Senior Volunteer Leader to develop a budget framework and incorporated it into the overall planning framework resulted in the smoothest CoP budgeting process since transition.  Education Bachelor of Science in Social Policy and Planning University of Connecticut - Storrs, CT Skills Microsoft Project (6 years), Microsoft SharePoint (5 years), JIRA (2 years), Agile Scrum (2 years), ServiceNow Project Portfolio Management (Less than 1 year), Microsoft Word (10+ years), Waterfall (9 years), ServiceNow Project Portfolio Management (Less than 1 year), Project Management (9 years), Sharepoint (7 years), Scheduling (5 years), Microsoft Excel (10+ years), Microsoft Visio (6 years), SAP Concur (3 years), SAP Fieldglass (1 year), Microsoft OneNote (4 years) Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/leaowens Awards PMI Achievement Award 2011-03 In recognition of outstanding project results for the Community of Practice Transformation project. Certifications/Licenses PMI Certified Associate in Project Management (CAPM)® - 1958956 August 2016 to 2021 ScrumAlliance® Certified Scrum Master (CSM)® - 000742164 January 2018 to January 2020 Publications Chasing My (Career) Dreams in Heels: Do you love what you do? 2017-09 HR.com Personal Excellence Essentials How did I get here? The Journey of a PM. http://www.projectmanagement.com 2016-10 PMI  ProjectManagement.com  Teachable Moments, 2016 Additional Information PROJECTS  • NYS Claims Remediation  • Implementation of ServiceNow PPM $200K  • Replacement of a legacy infrastructure software application to Guidewire  • BillingCenter application 25M budget  • Custom Curricula and Custom Textbooks 1.2M budget  • PMI Community of Practice Transformation 10M budget