Relief Account Sales Manager I Relief Account Sales <span class="hl">Manager</span> I Cornelius, NC Energetic career minded professional that is seeking a position within an organization that would both benefit from the experience and work ethic I have attained while providing for future growth on my merits. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Relief Account Sales Manager I VPX/Bang Energy - Charlotte, NC November 2017 to December 2018 I was responsible for the coverage of routes in any ASM's absence as well as collectively working with the Sales Mgr on how to execute and grow channels of business. With this role I have become  strong with learning all the different channels of business, how they operate and how to execute and grow each channel.  As well as learning the every day business of this industry and how to be successful in it. Distribution/Operations Manager Twenty Six Acres Brewing Company - Concord, NC April 2017 to November 2018 my daily responsibilities ranged from working with the sales/representative team to input new customer info and process orders to delivery and pick up of kegs and cases of beer. This positioned garnered  me with experience and expertise with additional distribution skills, on the move money and invoice management, quick  problem solving skills and an organized and fluent work space to complete my daily tasks. Sales Manager Carolina Fitness Equipment - Charlotte, NC December 2015 to March 2017 As the company's Social Media Marketing Manager, I was in charge of hiring and training new company retail sales representatives for our commercial exercise sales and creating and posting social media  ads/posts across all platforms including FB/IG as well as our website. Our retail sales included everything from dumbbells and barbells to full on commercial exercise equipment. I supplied gyms across the world with new and used  fitness equipment to furnish their gyms from any sizes. Also contracted equipment for the US Government and DoD. Project Estimator / Manager 84 Lumber - Huntersville, NC November 2013 to December 2015 My daily responsibilities ranged from delivering time and material estimates to assisting  clients with end to end Project Management services to ensure all their deliverables were completed on time and within budget. This positioned garnered me with expertise in Time Management, Client Relations, Employee Relations, Change  Management and working within compliance and safety regulations set forth by governmental agencies. Fiber Optic Technician I/ IT Support MI Connection - Mooresville, NC November 2012 to November 2013 I was provided with the benefit of gaining experience in several IT disciplines and support   while also becoming adept at translating complicated technology in plain English terms that provided clients with the reassurance they were receiving exactly what they ask for. In this position I became certified in Corning Opti-Snap Fiber Optic Tools, performed LAN/WAN installation and configuration, Client Training, Root Cause Analysis and Resolution of critical incidents impacting both commercial and residential clients and post incident Problem Management that detailed Corrective Actions taken as well as Preventive Actions to avoid future reoccurrence. I also managed and completed incident and move, add, change (MAC) requests and update ticketing system accordingly and Create, delete and maintain user system accounts and passwords in Active Directory, corporate email system, phone system, and related applications and services IT Support/Help Desk/Technician Time Warner Cable - Huntersville, NC May 2010 to August 2012 Promoting client experience by providing experienced technical experience and understanding in order to deliver best in class service to ensure Customer Satisfaction. In this role I would install high-speed data systems, plan and execute  LAN/WAN configurations on both commercial and residential properties. Perform both Audio/Video and VOIP (Voice  Over IP) installations to meet customer needs. I Managed and maintained documentation pertaining to servers, systems and network environments. Works to improve and develop new processes. Education Associate in Computer Science Greensboro College - Greensboro, NC May 2007 to May 2009 Diploma North Mecklenburg H.S Huntersville NC May 2005 Skills LAN (3 years), LAN/WAN (3 years), Operations (4 years), Project Management (2 years), Retail Sales (4 years), Key Holder (5 years), Customer Service, Team Building, training (4 years), Scheduling, Inventory (4 years), Inventory Management (4 years) Certifications/Licenses Forklift Certified Present Additional Information Skills    • Astounding customer/people skills, Experience with Project and Operations Management, Customer Focused and Computer applications skills and tech savvy across all technological genres. (Mobile, social media, Mac, PC, Android, IOS,Windows and Office.    • Demonstrable strong initiative (is proactive) and motivation with the ability to learn quickly  • Strong organizational skills; attention to detail Strong customer service skills  • A strong sense of customer service and demonstrable history of excellent customer-facing skills  • Highly organized and detail-oriented with the ability to multitask  • Strong ability to communicate detailed technical information to non-technical customers  • Strong maturity, professionalism, and judgment; ability to complete most work with minimal supervision  • Ability to balance competing priorities with good time management and attention to detail  • Ability to read, analyze, and interpret professional journals and technical procedures  • Working knowledge of basic PC and devices and troubleshooting techniques  • Ability to gather information, extract relevant data and apply knowledge to make valid decisions