IT, Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span>, <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Certified Scrum Master Pflugerville, TX Work history proves the willingness to learn and understand the Company's Vision by starting with an entry-level position. Once acclimated, rose quickly to a management role through hard work, dedication, Agile and adaptable. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT, Project Manager Volusion LLC - Austin, TX February 2018 to February 2019 ? Led efficient and impactful daily meetings for the project team and collaborated with departments to align and realign  timeline(s) and tasks  ? Ensured that the project team(s) understood all aspects of the project plan(s) and goals relating to their respective  responsibilities, and demonstrate a thorough understanding of the project checklists and organizational structure  ? Prevented the company a $700k loss by identifying inefficiencies in our process and tools that migrate customers'  e-commerce stores into Google Cloud Platform  ? Communicated and coordinated with over ~2000 VIP customers to keep downtime minimal during GCP migration IT, Service Operations Manager Volusion LLC - Austin, TX February 2014 to February 2018 ? Managed a team of eight that maintained servers' environments to ensure they were functioning optimally  ? Implemented new tasks and projects for the team, facilitated weekly CAB meetings for IT, and approved changes for the upcoming week  ? Attend Capex Meetings to plan the department's annual budget of $10 million  ? Collaborate with departments to enhance software and server performance to meet merchant needs  ? Communicate with departments on future changes and tools for the company Customer Support Concierge Team Lead Volusion LLC - Austin, TX November 2010 to February 2014 ? Developed Management reports to measure contacts per hour for each Support Representative  ? Organized and led recurring meetings for various Support Concierge teams and internal departments for updates on software products, and continuous training and mentoring relating to merchants and career growth  ? Troubleshoot software issues and created bug reports through internal board and JIRA Education Business Administration University of Houston - Houston, TX 2009 to 2010 Business Administration Houston Community College - Houston, TX 2007 to 2009 Computer Science Austin Community College - Austin, TX 2004 to 2005 Skills budget, Outlook, Word, Estimating, Customer Service, maintenance, Scheduling, Project Management, Information Technology, CSM, SDLC, Scrum Master, Waterfall, PM, Itil, Scrum, Agile Scrum, Certified Scrum Master, Jira, Kanban Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/tduong16 Awards Google Cloud Migration 2018-01 Successfully migrated Microsoft Windows Servers from Data Center to Google Cloud Platform. Certifications/Licenses Certified ScrumMaster (CSM) December 2017 to December 2019 SCRUM ALLIANCE®.  Certificant ID: 000726271 Certification Expires: 07 December 2019  David Hawks, CST, CEC  Certified Scrum Trainer®  Chairman of the Board Additional Information Key Skills  Facilitator Agile Methodology Trello JIRA Cloud  Kanban Board Sprint Planning Analytical Collaborative  Change Control Board Change Advisory Board Google Cloud Platform Microsoft Office 365