Principal Architect - Cloud Security Principal Architect - Cloud Security Principal Architect - Cloud Security Houston, TX Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Principal Architect - Cloud Security United Airlines - Houston, TX December 2018 to Present Lead security architecture strategy & planning for cloud programs and provide guidance to technical staff across multiple projects (e.g. Cloud PCI workload readiness, Data Tokenization Services implementation, migrating from Cisco  CSR based transit VPC to AWS Transit gateway).  • Responsible for providing insights on cloud-related application architecture designs to ensure the best security standards are implemented.  • Management of AWS security services(AWS KMS, IAM, GuardDuty, Config, AWS Trusted Advisor, WAF & Shield).  • Responsible for the definition and coordination of security control development efforts within a team of Python  software developers.  • Actively engage the Enterprise Architecture team, Cloud Engineering team and all stakeholders to ensure strict  compliance with security best practices while designing, provisioning, and configuring cloud services.  • Assess cloud services for suitability by ensuring all requirements are met according to the organization's security policy.  • Align the development of core business capabilities, information assets and technology with security controls and policy in response to strategic initiatives.  • Review and align existing security procedures and processes to ensure cloud relevance.  • Develop and maintain a centralized architecture repository of artifacts for Security Risk & Compliance purposes.  • Industry trend research and analysis. Working closely with vendors (Symantec CASB, Symantec MSSP, Symantec  CWP, Exabeam, Dome9, Redlock, IBM Qradar, Thales Vormetric) on product testing, evaluation, proof of concepts and implementation. Senior Engineer - Cloud Security United Airlines - Houston, TX January 2018 to December 2018 Primarily responsible for ensuring all security objectives are being met in the organization's cloud environment as it  relates to Data Protection, Infrastructure Security, Network Security, Identity and Access Management.  • Partly responsible for Cloud Security strategy definition and roadmap development for cloud security control  implementation, based on industry best practices.  • Developed and deployed directive, detective and responsive security controls for the cloud environment.  • Worked on security control implementation prioritization to align IT security objectives with business goals.  • Architecting Microservices for security controls using AWS services like serverless platform (Lambda), DynamoDB,  API Gateway, S3, SNS, CloudWatch Events, SQS etc.  • Responsible for the implementation of DevSecOps practices: Introducing Agile methodology for work definition and execution. Design and deployment of a version control system for security control code base.  • Created backlog for cloud security with items aligned to the security epics and best practices prescribed by the AWS  Cloud Adoption Framework.  • Design and implementation of a CI/CD framework for the deployment of automated security controls in the organization's cloud environment. Using tools and services like Github, TeamCity, CodePipeline and Cloudformation.  • Deployed a centralized logging solution to support logging from multiple AWS regions and multiple log sources  (Cloudtrail, Cloudwatch, VPC Flowlogs, ELB Access Logs), Using AWS Services like S3, AWS Elasticsearch Service,  Kibana, Kinesis, Cloudwatch, Kinesis Firehose and Cognito.  • Created dashboards, visualizations and rich queries to gain security insights into log data ingested from the cloud  environment.  • Solutions evaluation for encryption services in the cloud, Key management strategy development.  • CIS framework control setup and validation on all United Airlines AWS accounts.  • Enabled threat intelligence capabilities in the organization's cloud environment by implementing AWS GuardDuty.  • Built up Incident response capabilities in the organization's cloud environment by designing and deploying a centralized alerting solution our AWS cloud environment based on AWS services like SQS, SNS, Lambda, and  DynamoDB. Technical Project Manager/Network Operations Engineer GE Oil and Gas - Houston, TX January 2016 to December 2017 Project planning, implementation, documentation and routine communication of project status to stakeholders.  • Tracking of project status to ensure that essential milestones are being met within the defined constraints of cost,  time and labor resources.  • Evaluating potential project risks and developing strategies to mitigate them.  • Project budgeting and business impact analysis by evaluating the return on investment (ROI), the total cost of ownership (TCO) and conducting cost-benefit analysis.  • Responsible for seeking avenues to drive cost reductions/savings in network infrastructure & unified  communication spend.  • Network operations review and analysis: Continuous assessment of overall network performance and availability.  Responsible for analyzing network infrastructure and process deficiencies with the aim of providing  recommendations for upgrades/changes; assesses organization's current and future network needs in concert with regional operation teams.  • Network Service Assurance: my responsibilities involved participating in critical incident triage, problem review to ensure that reasonable root causes are identified for any given problem and that the necessary corrective actions  are taken to prevent re-occurrence.  • Network service and lifecycle management strictly based on ITIL processes: network configuration change and network design reviews, network device obsolescence remediation.  • Industry trend research and analysis: this involves keeping abreast of new technologies and innovations that can  positively impact how network services are delivered to the business. Working with vendors on product testing,  evaluation, and proof of concept deployments. System Administrator II HMS - Las Vegas, NV September 2015 to December 2015 • Responsible for systems availability  • Managing virtual desktop infrastructure and application virtualization platforms based on Citrix  XenApp/XenDesktop ensuring the productivity of remote workers.  • Vmware virtualization infrastructure administration(vSphere management, deployment of virtual  machines/appliances, virtual network configuration  • Windows server admiration with a focus on the following services (WSUS, Certificate Services, Active Directory,  DNS, DHCP, & File Services)  • Management of security services: endpoint anti-virus administration, Continuous vulnerability monitoring tools,  Nessus Scanner Tripwire  • Data and virtual machine image backup administration using Comvault to ensure business continuity and disaster  recovery objectives are being achieved.  • Preparation of documentation required for the organization's compliance to standards such as HIPAA, SOX and PCI.  • Data center maintenance, routine rack and stack operations, blade management  • Log and event management using Solarwinds LEM Network Administrator System - Dubai, AE November 2012 to June 2015 Internet City, Dubai.    • System Administration:    o Windows server (Active Directory, DNS, DHCP, HyperV, & File Services) in a multi-site implementation.  o Systems monitoring using WMI, performance counters, SSH and SNMP.  o Storage Sever (LUN creation/mapping, iSCSi target and Initiator configuration, pool management)  o Identity and Access Management: RBAC and SSO using an Identity as a Service platform integrated with Active directory.  o Mobile Device Management (iOS, Android, Windows phone etc.) using Airwatch.  o VMware Administration (vSphere management, deployment of virtual machines/appliances, virtual  network configuration)    • Network Administration:    o Router Administration: Static and dynamic route configuration, Gateway load balancing, Port forwarding,  DHCP etc.  o Firewall/UTM Management: Responsible for configuring and managing IDS, IPS, firewall zones,  Content/Application Filtering, Identity/Access Management, managing appliance configuration backup and restoration.  o Switching Infrastructure: Responsible for configuring VLANS/Intervlan routing, SVI , Etherchannels/Load  Balancing, Spanning tree, Security, Access Control Lists, Qos, Logging, Firmware Management  o Cisco wireless infrastructure management: configuration and maintenance of wireless LAN controllers and Lightweight access points (AP Groups, SSID,WPA Keys, Client Load Balancing, Application Visibility and  control(AVC), WLC firmware Management, RADIUS Configuration, RF/Radios properties management,  wireless controller redundancy)  o VPN (IPsec, SSL, PPTP): configuration and management for remote access and site to site VPN connectivity.  o Network Monitoring (Link status, Availability, Qos, Netflow, IPFIX, IPSLA, Bandwidth utilization, SNMP  Traps,) using PRTG.  o WAN connectivity management for 24 connected sites across 6 countries.  o Responsible for the entire project life cycle of the network infrastructure setup at new corporate facilities:  Performing requirement analysis, drawing up implementation plans, raising RFQs, analyzing tenders,  validating and testing deliverables.  o Network design, testing, validation and documentation using tools like GNS3, Visio, Jira Confluence. IT Administrator (Temp) JCDecauxMEA, Dubai Media City - Dubai, AE June 2012 to September 2012 Dubai.    • Windows Sever Administration: Active Directory, Exchange, WSUS, routine server backups (Symantec Backup  Exec), file server management (WD Sharespace NAS & HP Storageworks).  • Deployment and administration of Symantec Endpoint Protection Antivirus.  • Blackberry Enterprise Server Management; configuring mobile devices (iOS, Android, Windows phone etc.)  • Digital Media Sever Administration.  • VOIP Telephony Configuration and Support.  • Provisioning of L1 & L2 support for 80+ onsite and remote Windows clients.  • IT Infrastructure and Asset management: monitoring of inventory and infrastructure utilization levels.  • Liaising with Service providers & Process Documentation. IT Support Staff (Intern.) Information Connectivity Solutions Ltd - Lagos, NG June 2008 to January 2009 Nigeria.    • Installation, commissioning and maintenance of high bandwidth, low-latency wireless links with up to 99% availability for various banks, corporations and government agencies using Motorola Canopy point-to-point and point-to-multipoint  Radios.  • Provisioning of Level 1 and Level 2 support to clients.  • Provisioning of Internet access for various clients.  • Site survey to meet customer needs and specifications  • Network Design and Drafting of network schematics  • Trouble shooting of Customer Premise Equipment and Backhaul Links.  • Monitoring of Network Activities using Intermapper. Education Masters in Information Technology Management University of Wollongong January 2012 to December 2013 Bachelor of Science in Computer Engineering Obafemi Awolowo University 2004 to 2010 Skills Cloud Security (3 years), DevSecOps (2 years), Cloud Computing (5 years), Project Management (6 years), IT Management (7 years), Network Engineering (8 years) Certifications/Licenses AWS Certified Security - Specialty June 2019 to June 2022 Certified Cloud Security Professional (CCSP) December 2018 to Present Cisco Certified Design Professional (CCDP) July 2016 to Present AWS Certified Solutions Architect Associate February 2017 AWS Certified SysOps Administrator - Associate September 2018 Cisco Certified Network Professional (CCNP) Microsoft Certified IT Professional (Enterprise Sever Administrator) SAFe Practitioner (SP) Scaled Agile Framework