Project Manager/Contracts Manager for Capital Projects <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>/Contracts <span class="hl">Manager</span> for Capital <span class="hl">Projects</span> Experienced Versatile Professional Houston, TX Versatile, proactive and well-qualified professional, that would like to utilize my 10 years of experience, background and skill set as a project management/contracts management/paralegal professional, while leveraging my strong interpersonal skills in order to maintain effective working relationships across any organization. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager/Contracts Manager for Capital Projects Voestalpine Texas, LLC - Portland, TX March 2019 to Present Versatile, proactive and well-qualified professional, that would like to utilize my 10 years of experience, background and skill set as a project management/contracts management/paralegal professional, while leveraging my strong interpersonal skills in order to maintain effective working relationships across any organization.    Project Manager/Contracts Manager for Capital Projects  Voestalpine Texas, LLC 03/01/2019-Present    ? Implementing continuous improvement of internal systems, project management methodology as per PMBOK, and project management tools to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of the process using MS Project and other Project Management tools  ? Establishing project schedules for company-wide projects with appropriate personnel to prioritize projects, consider creative, but realistic solutions to reduce project lead times where possible.  ? Comply with and enforces all safety policies and regulations.  ? Provide quality assurance support by Documenting and tracking milestone achievement, maintaining information packages, submittals and other documentation.  ? Analyzing project goals, establishing a schedule of milestones and deadlines for project completion.  ? Drive project communication methods and providing status updates proactively; following up on project variances from inception through completion and evaluation, including budget, timeline, and resource allocation.  ? Managing, coordinating, and proactively communicating efforts between various stakeholders to execute on project goals; coordinating project activities; assigning tasks to appropriate stakeholders for completion.  ? Anticipating and managing risks by developing action plans to execute on the project plan  ? Proactively managing Cost by initiating and communicating project change orders persuasively, with support, where scope, budgets, or timelines are impacted.  ? Influencing cross-functional teams and managing customer expectations  ? Analyzes significant, and/or unique contract requirements, special provisions, terms and conditions to ensure compliance with appropriate laws, regulations, and corporate policies and business unit procedure and communicates results to subordinates.  ? Develop negotiation strategy and leads negotiation team on complex contractual issues.  ? Analyze new law, regulation and contract trends for potential impact on business unit goals and objectives.  ? Provide authoritative guidance to internal business teams and contract subordinates on corporate goals and objectives relating to contract activity.  ? Focal point for all communication with law, finance and business team disciplines for resolution of contract issues and disputes.  ? Assist in identification, development and implementation of new contract policy and processes. Corporate Contract Manager Delek Refining - Brentwood, TN June 2018 to December 2018 Assumed Buyers duties for Buyers that were out or overflow work, negotiation of shipment terms, processing requisitions, writing purchase orders, buying merchandise, and managing stakeholder expectations  ? Review Requisitions for readiness to convert to PO ensuring adequacy of scopes of work and all other technical stakeholder required information is properly recorded in the requisition.  ? Develops and issues Requests for Proposal; receives, reviews and evaluates proposals; negotiates terms and conditions and performs more complex procurements and negotiations; develops and issues Contracts/Purchase Orders.  ? Supervises the activity of entry to mid-level contract professionals in review and preparation of routine contract documents in accordance with corporate policy.  ? Trains and develops subordinate contract professionals to assume more complex contract activity.  ? Analyzes significant, and/or unique contract requirements, special provisions, terms and conditions to ensure compliance with appropriate laws, regulations, and corporate policies and business unit procedure and communicates results to subordinates.  ? Develop negotiation strategy and leads negotiation team on complex contractual issues.  ? Analyze new law, regulation and contract trends for potential impact on business unit goals and objectives.  ? Provide authoritative guidance to internal business teams and contract subordinates on corporate goals and objectives relating to contract activity.  ? Focal point for all communication with law, finance and business team disciplines for resolution of contract issues and disputes.  ? Assist in identification, development and implementation of new contract policy and processes.  ? Have understanding of the business case an appreciation of financial/analytical issues and profit and loss implications.  ? Strong to excellent analytical and communication skills.  ? Good presentation, leadership and management skills.  ? Use of independent judgment and creativity applied to resolution of contract issues.  ? Excellent internal and external negotiation skills.  ? Emerging ability to excel in upper level management environment. Senior Contracts Administrator/ Project Manager (MRO) STP Nuclear Operating Company September 2016 to June 2018 Assumed Buyers duties for Buyers that were out or overflow work, negotiation of shipment terms, processing requisitions, writing purchase orders, buying merchandise, and managing stakeholder expectations  ? Review Requisitions for readiness to convert to PO ensuring adequacy of scopes of work and all other technical stakeholder required information is properly recorded in the requisition.  ? Provides technical support to the Procurement group for processing of requisitions, maintenance of database logs and preprinted terms and conditions.  ? Receives and reviews requisitions (RPD's); develops, issues, reviews, and evaluates Requests for Proposal (RFPs) and negotiates terms and conditions for procurements.  ? Receives and reviews requisitions (RPD's) and support packages for correct and complete content; prepares bidder lists.  ? Develops and issues Requests for Proposal; receives, reviews and evaluates proposals; negotiates terms and conditions and performs more complex procurements and negotiations; develops and issues Contracts/Purchase Orders.  ? Monitors/maintains department logs and databases as necessary.  ? Develops and implements sourcing strategies, including internal and external category profiles and builds total cost of ownership models.  ? Coordinates and negotiates contract/purchase order changes and resolves contractual problems and contract/purchase order claims.  ? Prepares administrative supplements to contracts/purchases orders.  ? Coordinates and evaluates the processing of change order requests or claims.  ? Maintains files and transmits contract/purchase order documents as required by procedure.  ? Reviews/maintains departmental procedures, revisions, changes and reports significant issues, problems and developments to supervision.  ? Tracks and reports category performance metrics, manages relationships with suppliers and ensures delivery in accordance with Service levels Agreements.  ? Engage in personal and professional development and assists in development of support staff personnel and related productivity and efficiency improvements.  ? Develops and supports user/customer relations.  ? Monitors and manages personal workload and monitors market trends relative to work responsibilities.  ? Provides technical assistance, support, and guidance to departmental staff as delegated by supervision or as required to assure both product and quality.  ? Engages in cost saving actions and recommends productivity and efficiency improvements. Senior Contracts Specialist for Refining Phillips 66 September 2014 to September 2016 Assumed Buyers duties for Buyers that were out or overflow work, negotiation of shipment terms, processing requisitions, writing purchase orders, buying merchandise, and managing stakeholder expectations  ? Review Requisitions for readiness to convert to PO ensuring adequacy of scopes of work and all other technical stakeholder required information is properly recorded in the requisition.  ? Executing Sourcing, Contracting and Procurement processes in the fulfillment of Contracting Excellence program  ? Supporting the adoption, implementation and compliance of Procurement Standards and Key Procedures  ? Providing a professional commercial conduit between and Procurement leadership/guidance to Suppliers and Internal customers  ? Interfacing with Category Management to drive alignment on category and contracting strategies  ? Developing strong results based networks with key business partners to facilitate sharing information, best practices and lessons learned  ? Developing and Authors fit for purpose contracts to the schedule requirements of the business  ? Developing contract service call-offs, amendments, and contract addendums  ? Developing and executing advanced contracting strategies  ? Ensuring alignment between Master Services Agreements and the sub-commitments governed by them  ? Participating in the development and maintenance of the Contracting Standards and Key Procedures  ? Supporting the development and continuous improvement of standard contracting templates and contract clauses  ? Applying knowledge of commercial contract law and P66 guidelines, practices and requirements to develop appropriate terms and conditions  ? Implementing new contracts, uploads contracts into the Phillips 66 Ariba System and ensures effective hand over of d contract briefs to and understanding of contract terms by business stakeholders  ? Supporting loading and set-up of contracts and OLAs in SAP and CCM  ? Collaborating with Commercial Excellence regarding contract data maintenance  ? Advising Category Management and Strategic Sourcing teams during commercial negotiations  ? Maintaining appropriate contract files in accordance with compliance policies  ? Supporting consultation regarding post-award contract disputes  ? Collaborating across the Contracts function to learn and apply best practices in developing commercial contract terms  ? Managing stakeholder communications regarding Contracts process changes  ? Working with Legal to ensure compliance with all P66 requirements and legal statutes  ? Supporting functions associated with Supplier Performance Management such as data collection and documentation, performance metrics and cost savings/cost avoidance  ? Working with local Compliance Coordinator to ensure proper documentation of contracting and sourcing documents are maintained Senior Contracts RFP Administrator Witt O'Brien's LLC - Houston, TX June 2013 to September 2014 Assumed Buyers duties for Buyers that were out or overflow work, negotiation of shipment terms, processing requisitions, writing purchase orders, buying merchandise, and managing stakeholder expectations  ? Review Requisitions for readiness to convert to PO ensuring adequacy of scopes of work and all other technical stakeholder required information is properly recorded in the requisition.  ? Evaluation of Contractual Terms and Conditions highlighting any major commercial or contractual risks or issues to the relevant Contracts / Subcontracts Managers and work with them to ensure optimum solution  ? Commercial and contractual aspects of tendering, negotiating, awarding and managing all subcontracts and major purchase orders. Interface with PM to develop scopes  ? Evaluate HSSE provisions for compliance with organizational requirements. Adding HSSE language to agreements should they not be present in the agreement.  ? Provide notification to accounting for creation of contract record into procurement system  ? Arranging all project bonds, guarantees and insurances required by main contract and from all subcontractors  ? Development of new contract policies and processes.  ? Reviews complex solicitations and prepares specialized and/or non-routine response for proposals, bids, and contract modifications.  ? Prepare complex requests for proposals. Analyzes significant, and/or unique contract requirements, special provisions, terms and conditions to ensure compliance with appropriate laws, regulations, corporate policies and business unit procedure. Provides contractual guidance to business team members for appropriate Statement of Work.  ? Manage contract change control process.  ? Analyze new law, regulation and contract trends for potential impact on business unit goals and objectives.  ? Provides guidance to internal business teams on corporate goals and objectives relating to contract activity.  ? Focal point for all communication with law, finance and business team disciplines for resolution of contract issues and disputes. May assist in new business pursuit and associated contract strategy.  ? Assist in identification, development and implementation of new contract policy and processes, mentor and train less experienced professionals.  ? Participate in development of less complex business alliances and partnering agreements. Have a general understanding of the business case and an appreciation of financial/analytical issues and profit and loss implications.  ? Interfacing with all levels of the organization from Business unit management teams, senior project or product managers, customer/supplier law department, outside counsel, to mid-to senior level corporate management  ? Responsible for managing business licenses, state registrations, completing city/county registrations, and submitting annual reports (renewals) for these licenses/registrations.  ? Maintain the corporate books, drafts consents/resolutions, and coordinates execution of corporate documents.  ? Review and provide comments on Requests for Proposals/Information/ Qualifications to ensure ability to comply with legal requirements.  ? Maintains and updates SAM (System for Award Management) registrations, and completes and files GSA (General Services Administration) and HGAC reports.  ? Prepare and maintain teaming agreements, consulting agreements, and subcontractor agreements.  ? Assist in responding to requests for production/subpoenas.  ? Provide general paralegal support. Contracts Administrator IT and Legal PetroSkills, LLC - Katy, TX May 2012 to June 2013 Draft and administer all standard corporate contracts using Salesforce® for the entire organization, including maintenance of the contracts library.  ? Review, complete, and submit tender requirements and negotiated tender terms    ? Highlighting any major commercial or contractual risks or issues to the relevant Contracts / Subcontracts Managers and work with them to ensure optimum solution  ? Arranging all project bonds, guarantees and insurances required by main contract and from all subcontractors  ? Commercial and contractual aspects of tendering, negotiating, awarding and managing all subcontracts and major purchase orders. Interface with PM/ to develop scopes    ? Review and participate in the negotiating of all contracts, including vendor agreements, service agreements, licensing agreements, consulting agreements, confidentiality agreements, Master Service Agreements, terms to Purchase Orders and Service Orders for the provision of training and consulting services. Personally presided over negotiating contracts that brought in $30 Million in revenue with some of the world's top Oil and Gas Companies  ? Implemented and Administered a Salesforce® driven contract database. Played Key role in data screening, process implementation and roll out throughout the organization  ? Ensure compliance of all contracts with applicable federal, state and international laws and with company policies.  ? Work with sales, business development and operational groups to ensure contract provisions mitigate overall risk to the organization and that contracts are negotiated in the best interest of the company  ? Work with outside counsel to establish and maintain PetroSkills patents and trademarks on a global basis.  ? Develop and manage processes to monitor the illegal acquisition and/or use of PetroSkills IP and take action as necessary.  ? Research and provide recommendations to company management as to viability of, and legal requirements for, establishing all foreign entities. Maintenance of all corporate both foreign and domestic as well as dissolutions, mergers, and formations  ? On Call 24/7 to support contracts operations for our entire global organization  ? Position eliminated due to recent acquisition Corporate Paralegal Duke Energy International - Houston, TX February 2012 to May 2012 Responsible for maintaining corporate records for our international subsidiaries  ? Maintenance of all corporate both foreign and domestic as well as dissolutions, mergers, and formations  ? Maintain corporate records (minutes) and details of stock transfers.  ? Direct outside counsel in legal efforts regarding employment, litigation, intellectual property, transactions, compliance and corporate matters Corporate Contracts Manager Igloo Products Corp - Katy, TX January 2011 to February 2012 Highlighting any major commercial or contractual risks or issues to the relevant Contracts / Subcontracts Managers and work with them to ensure optimum solution  ? Arranging all project bonds, guarantees and insurances required by main contract and from all subcontractors  ? Commercial and contractual aspects of tendering, negotiating, awarding and managing all subcontracts and major purchase orders. Interface with PM/ to develop scopes    ? Responsible for maintaining corporate records for our international subsidiaries  ? Maintenance of all corporate both foreign and domestic as well as dissolutions, mergers, and formations  ? Maintain corporate records (minutes) and details of stock transfers.  ? Direct outside counsel in legal efforts regarding employment, litigation, intellectual property, transactions, compliance and corporate matters  ? Managed and track all receipts of insurance certificates from vendors, suppliers, and contractors  ? Attend to document production  ? Handle all billing and payments of outside counsel, while also coordinating several projects in multiple jurisdictions with outside counsel.  ? Arrange proper signature are executed both in house and with Counterparties, Process all Payments as per contractual agreements or royalty  ? Draft Discovery Documents  ? Digest and Analyze responses for Discovery Requests  ? Handle client/attorney liaison and notify clients of prosecution status.  ? Proof and Verify Contracts for accuracy , Prepare Contract Exhibits  ? Design, Maintenance and Data Entry of Contracts into Proprietary  ? In-House contract management database system  ? Draft and Review Amendments forwarding any major changes to Legal Officers for final review and approval  ? Draft amendments, restatement articles, articles of merger and dissolutions.  ? Prepare and file appropriate documents with the Secretary of State and Department of Corporations.  ? Maintain all organizational charts and records for parent and subsidiary companies  ? Organize and analyze; file and prepare chronologies  ? Prepare deposition notices and subpoenas, Arrange for court reporters and depositions  ? Review and assemble docs for deposition, Digest Deposition Transcript  ? Perform legal research, Draft legal memoranda  ? Provide expert assistance in all aspects of domestic Patent Prosecution and foreign and domestic Trademark Prosecution, prepare and file trademark applications.  ? Manage docket and maintenance fees.  ? Administer and implement in-house invention disclosure programs and quarterly patent committee meetings.  ? Administer all document legalization for IP assignments conferring proper IP to correct corporate entities.  ? Laid off due to downsizing Education B.A. in Mathematics and Biology Thomas Edison State College - Trenton, NJ 2002