Project Manager/Marketing Specialist <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>/Marketing Specialist Business Minded, Goal Oriented, and Geared For Success North Chesterfield, VA Driven and ambitious looking for a fresh start on a great career path. Courteous and respectful with professionals and non-professionals at all levels. Accustomed to handling pressure in time-sensitive situations. Demonstrated ability to complete projects and provide excellent customer service through self-employment. Also, embodies the natural ability to be a fast learner with a keen eye for detail. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager/Marketing Specialist TP&L Contracting Services - Richmond, VA February 2018 to Present An addition to providing labor for various contracting tasks, assisting in scheduling, material and project planning, leadership and task allocation of employees, interviewing/recruiting, marketing strategies and design of promotional materials, help with site maintenance. Contractor Assistant/Laborer TP&L Contracting - Richmond, VA May 2013 to February 2018 Provide assistance to lead contractor performing various maintenance, painting, plumbing, cleaning, and other tasks. Also, assists with transportation, client assistance, and loading/unloading/utilizing various forms of equipment. IT Technician/Customer Service Goodwill Industries - Richmond, VA April 2017 to August 2017 Refurbishing donated PCs and laptops as well as assisting customers, operating the cash register, opening and closing the store. Housekeeper Guest House Inn & Suites - Missoula, MT August 2015 to October 2015 Responsibilities  Clean, dust, polish and vacuum guest rooms and bathrooms.  Change linens, make beds, and leave the bathroom sparkling clean.  Restock all guest room supplies, like soap and shampoo.  Empty trash and replace liners.  Reset Alarm Clocks and add correct time.  Put tv's on Channel 3 and put volume at acceptable level.  Freshen Room.    Accomplishments  Did most rooms in a day on many occasions. Was always the person who got called when a room needed to be done quickly and professionally (ex. in instance of an early check in).    Skills Used  cleaning skills acquired from multiple types of cleaning done, elbow grease, time management, supply management, customer service, OSHA health and safety guidelines Overnight GM Associate Walmart - Fredericksburg, VA September 2007 to January 2008 Duties included assisting customers, gathering carts, and replenishment of merchandise on the sales floor. Package Handler UPS - Richmond, VA October 2006 to December 2006 Duties included scanning and loading packages on to UPS trucks, and maintaining a clean area wherever working for a safe environment. Education High school or equivalent Meadowbrook High School - Richmond, VA September 2003 to June 2007 Skills Digital Marketing Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/andre-corporal-jr-390b82aa/ Certifications/Licenses Six Sigma White Belt Present Introductory Six Sigma belt for beginners. Google Digital Garage July 2018 to Present Google’s online digital marketing certification program. Additional Information Professional Experience    Freelance Web and Graphic Design    ? Acquire clients using flyers, cold calling, message boards, business cards, and advertisements.  ? Schedule meetings when necessary to go over requirements and details of the specified project.  ? Make sure proper paperwork and compensation statements are signed and filed.  ? Expeditiously work on the project at hand and ensure all aspects of the project are done while paying close attention to detail.  ? Continuously strive for customer satisfaction.    Auto Detailing    ? Acquire clients using flyers, cold calling, message boards, business cards, and advertisements.  ? Schedule meetings when necessary to go over requirements and details of the specified project.  ? Make sure proper paperwork and compensation statements are signed and filed.