IT Manger <span class="hl">IT</span> Manger IT Manager Chicago, IL • Excellent in web designing and computer languages.  • Experienced in telecom and wireless field.  • Engineering expertise for over 9 years. Work Experience IT Manger Big House international, Ltd - Muscat, OM 2015 to 2018 • Programming softwares for company solutions.  • Build solutions for oil and gas data base for the oil and gas companies in Oman.  • Banking data base system.  • Establishing calling centre companies in Dubai  • Developing mobile app company branch in Dubai. Project Supervisor Intelligence solutions Co., Ltd - Khartoum, SD 2012 to 2015 • Leading one of the first and important projects in Sudan and Africa.  • Zain telecommunication company tutoring untechnical to technical in data and telecommunication.  • Visiting the site for documentation and cost estimating of building systems.  • Communicate with engineering staff regarding system layout and drawings.  • Analyze and develop appropriate system concepts and layouts.  • Designing the systems including calculations and cost estimation.  • Analyze and review the technical specifications, shop drawings and product submittals.  • Ensure the quality services by discussing operation strategies with customers.  • Managing daily activities by coordinating with system technicians.  • Company is founded by Kaiman enterprise based in Holland which provides all the e-services and telecommunications solutions named as intelligence solutions.  • e-Payments, first time in sudan e-commercial solutions which cost up to 600,000 US dollars  • e-Learning, providing solutions for all private and public universities and schools, by district cost reaches to 150,000 US dollars  • e-Health, solutions for healthcare and hospitals.  • Providing call centre implementation. Project Engineer Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd - Shenzhen, CN 2007 to 2008 • Played an important role in establishing the e-government programme in the Sudan. Model copied in the Middle East and northern African countries.  • Commissioned highly sensitive government project within a multi-national corporation - 3rd largest telecom company in the world.  • Contributed highly for the build of the infrastructure for wireless technology.  • Project established the national security number for the first time in the Continent  • Enhanced professional knowledge of telecommunication equipment (switch, router, base) and their functionalities.  • Improved wireless and data-com knowledge (GSM, CDMA, WCDMA, TDMA, WiMax & WiBro).  • Conducted numerous presentations and coped well under pressure. Engineering Project Manager Council of Ministries, Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd - Shenzhen, CN 2005 to 2007 • Played an important role in establishing the e-government programme in the Sudan. Model copied in the Middle East and northern African countries.  • Commissioned highly sensitive government project within a multi-national corporation - 3rd largest telecom company in the world.  • Contributed highly for the build of the infrastructure for wireless technology.  • Project established the national security number for the first time in the Continent  • Enhanced professional knowledge of telecommunication equipment (switch, router, base) and their functionalities.  • Improved wireless and data-com knowledge (GSM, CDMA, WCDMA, TDMA, WiMax & WiBro).  • Conducted numerous presentations and coped well under pressure. Senior Technical Engineer AMsys.Co.Itd - Khartoum, SD 2005 to 2007 • Carried out 3D design representations for product prototyping & modelling.  • Designed products for mass manufacture and utilised product validation & fault finding techniques.  • Developed management and innovation strategies for future product cycles.  • Implemented Wi-Fi network capabilities to improve communication for next generation colour scanners.  • Developed control software using C & C++.  • Managed all projects successfully under tight budgets and deadlines.  • Held a project for NEC Japan's company for implementing microwave in Sudan.  • Held a project for possco No. Korean company in IT to implement. Education BEng (Honours) in Electronic & Computer Engineering University of Brighton - Brighton 2009 to 2011 BSc in APTEC Computer Education Sikkim Maniple University 2003 to 2007 Skills analog (Less than 1 year), AutoCAD. (Less than 1 year), C (2 years), telecommunication (7 years), telecommunications (3 years), exchange, Strategic Planning, Network Administration, Customer Service, Vmware