Corporate IT Project Manager Corporate <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Corporate IT Project Manager - CDS Office Technologies Experienced with technical writing for executive decision makers. Experienced with identifying business requirements and gap  analysis. Experienced administering systems and networks. Ability to quickly adapt and master new technologies; successful  working in both team and self-directed settings. Work Experience Corporate IT Project Manager CDS Office Technologies - Springfield, IL September 2018 to Present Worked with a multitude of small to medium sized organizations to develop appropriate projects to improve network  performance  ? Created project plans for clients to ensure forward thinking with their network environment  ? Created several documents pertaining to the proper onboarding of MNS clients by network engineers  ? Helped develop processes to ensure best practices take place when conducting projects for clients  ? Limited Help Desk Troubleshooting  ? Conducted IT audits for several small to medium sized organizations and prepared recommendations for remediation  ? Created extensive Statements of Work Sales Associate Orangetheory Fitness - Springfield, IL July 2018 to September 2018 Generate and close sales leads for memberships  ? Attend community events to engage with potential members  ? Interact with members on a day-to-day basis to provide an enjoyable experience Associate Bolt Enterprises - Springfield, IL January 2016 to September 2018 Maintained various commercial properties  ? Manage customer database  ? Set up security system and remote access (iPOLiS Mobile)  ? Provide training on current/existing business processes to new/existing employees Relationship Associate Town and Country Bank - Springfield, IL September 2015 to January 2016 Responsible for establishing and maintaining deposit relationships  ? Responsible for securing and referring loan customers Universal Banker Marine Bank - Springfield, IL July 2014 to September 2015 Responsible for establishing and maintaining deposit relationships Education MS Management in Information Systems University of Illinois at Springfield - Springfield, IL 2017 BS in Business Administration Illinois State University - Normal, IL 2014 AA in Liberal Arts Lincoln Land Community College - Springfield, IL 2014 Skills PMBOK, ACTIVE DIRECTORY, VMWARE, ITIL, SAS, DOCUMENTATION, TECHNICAL DOCUMENTATION Additional Information SKILLS: VMware, Active Directory, Microsoft Suite, ARIS Enterprise Modeling, SAS Enterprise Miner, Windows OS, Mobile  OS knowledge, Google Apps, Microsoft O365, M365, Technical Documentation, Project Management ideologies (ITIL, Agile,  PMBOK)