Team Leader Team Leader Technical Manager The Woodlands, TX Proven ability to manage projects, and participate in the design, engineering, development, implementation and software. Enthusiastic and dedicated professional with extensive experience across all area. An exceptional leader who is able to develop and motivate others to achieve targets, I can demonstrate a strong ability to manage projects from conception through to successful completion. Working experience is around 11+ years. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Team Leader Quadone April 2012 to March 2014 Web Development, Testing and release.  • Developing & Designing Ecommerce sites.  • Managing team.  • Requirement interaction with Clients. TEAM LEAD - IT PLEXUS Magento 2010 to 2012 R&D Projects design, Engineering, Development and Implementation software.  ? Magento Projects Developer in the field of Web Developer including Photoshop,  Flash, Dreamweaver, and etc.  ? Responsible for meeting budgetary and sales targets through motivating and developing staff, consistently achieving and surpassing Key Performance Indicators.  ? Reporting to the Operations Manager with responsibility for operational.  ? Monitoring and controlling compliance in all areas, including customer care, effective planning, staff training and development, organization and time management.  ? Guiding Network Administrator and System Administrator staff.  ? Reviewing and evaluating weekly reports and producing an end of week spreadsheet. ADMINISTRATOR Magento 2007 to 2009 Developing a CD ROM training program to be used in all branches.  ? Programming the Service Quality Customer Service Standards Library for the department.  ? Handling and swiftly resolving customer complaints in a professional and effective manner.  ? Team leader and responsible to handle and coordinate a team of the project and also the field activities. DEVELOPER FORGE INFO SYSTEMS 2006 to 2007 Programming and Interfacing Through Microprocessor & Embedded C.  ? Involved in Software Development, Technology Services, Outsourcing and  Consulting Solutions.  ? Developing effective client communication procedures to ensure the  Smooth running of all operations.  ? Delivering innovative solutions, Enable clients to identify, develop, and implement the most appropriate solutions to their change requirements.  ? SOFTWARE PROJECT  Football sites(Magento)  Team size: 7  Duration: 6 Months  Role & Responsibility: Development, Design, Coding, Testing, Code Review & debugging.  Details: Online Shopping Cart and custom built modules on magento www.soccerloco.com  The products and there details come from an API of all the stores. Order reports as per the stores.  Environment: Magento, PHP & mysql, Javascripts. Ajax, HTML, CSS.  Server: Linux deployment and systems design for standard three tier web stack.  RFMD sites(Magento & Drupal)  Team size: 20  Duration: 10 Months  Role & Responsibility: Development, Coding, Testing, Code Review & debugging.  Details: Online Shopping Cart. Multi Sore sites are www.rfmd.com & Magento & Drupal.  Environment: PHP, WAMP & mysql, Ajax, Javascripts, jquery, HTML, CSS, SAP, Angular.  Server: Linux environment set for development, staging & production.  Magento Multistore sites(Magento)  Team size: 7  Duration: 6 Months  Role & Responsibility: Development, Coding, Testing, Code Review & debugging.  Details: Online Shopping Cart. Multi Sore sites are www. carelectronicworld .com & Magento is on www. qualitymobilevideo.com.  Environment: PHP, WAMP & mysql, Javascripts, jquery, HTML, CSS.  Server: Linux deployment and systems design for standard three tier web stack.  Contract Site for office products(Magento)  Team size: 3  Duration: 5 Months  Role & Responsibility: Development, Design, Coding, Testing, Code Review & debugging. Details: Online Shopping Cart using magento is on www.discountofficeproduct.net with the concept of recommendation engine, membership and many more features. Site www. aronet.net.  Magento Modules: Memebrship, Usage Report, Quotes , Sales Force Integration , etc.  Environment: Magento, PHP, WAMP & mysql., Ajax, jquery, HTML, CSS.  Server: Linux deployment and systems design for standard three tier web stack.  Sterling office products(Magento)  Team size: 3  Duration: 6 Months  Role & Responsibility: Development, Coding, Testing, Code Review & debugging. Details: Online Shopping Cart using magento is on www. sterlingofficeproducts.com with the concept of recommendation engine, membership and many more features.  Magento Modules: Compare Quotes, Sugar CRM Integration , etc.  Environment: Magento, Sugar CRM, PHP, WAMP & mysql. Javascripts, jquery, HTML, CSS.  Server: Linux environment set for development, staging & production.  Apollopharmacy products (Magento)  Team size: 3  Duration: 5 Months  Role & Responsibility: Development, Coding, Testing, Code Review & debugging.  Details: Online Shopping Cart using magento is on www. apollopharmacy.in with the concept of recommendation engine, membership and many more features. Magento Modules: Custom orders, etc  Environment: Magento, Sales Force, PHP, WAMP & mysql, Javascripts, Ajax, HTML, CSS.  Server: Linux environment set for development, staging & production.  Whole sellers(Magento)  Team size: 5  Duration: 5 Months  Role & Responsibility: Development, Coding, Testing, Code Review & debugging.  Details: Online Shopping Cart using magento is on www. waterglamour.com with concept of brand labels, Grouped & Bundle Product and more features.  Magento Modules: Custom report generation , etc  Environment: PHP, WAMP & mysql, ., Ajax, jquery, HTML, CSS.  Server: Linux environment set for development, staging & production.  Community Portal(Joomla)  Team size: 5  Duration: 5 Months  Role & Responsibility: Development, Design, Coding, Testing, Code Review & debugging.  Details: Portals are gateways into the Internet for many users. Web Portals put presence before millions of prospects in seconds. It to compete on equal terms with companies ten times bigger. Internet Portal is used to market company, products and services to worldwide audience. We offer portal development solutions according to customized needs of clients, to various industry verticals i.e.  ? Job portal Development  ? Entertainment Portal  ? Shopping Cart Portal  ? Enterprise Portals  ? Corporate Intranet Portals  ? Online Travel portal (web site)  ? E-commerce Portal  ? Public Web Portal  ? Knowledge Portal  I had used open source PHP for the development of this project and refer the portal in link. www.infodesires.com  Environment: PHP (Joomla 1.5), XAMMP, HTML, java Script, Ajax and Jquery  Encryption Decryption Module using Entrust Security  Team size: Self  Role & Responsibility: Analyzing, Debugging and Implementing, Testing and debugging.  Details: This is a module developed for encrypting the data files that can be only opened by the person for whom it is meant i.e. (the public key & private key concept). Thus enabling data file  security to a maximum level.  Environment: Entrust Security Software API, SQL.    ? EMBEDDED PROJECT  Development of Data Load Application Software for Configurable Integrated Surveillance  System (CISS).  Team size: 4  Duration: 5 Months  Role & Responsibility: Developing the Software using the C++ language, Testing and debugging.  Language: C++ and OOPS    Simulation of Stability Criterion by Digital Computer Using C++ Team size: 3  Duration: 4 Months  Role & Responsibility: Project selection, Input Data Module, Flow Charting, Algorithm and troubleshooting  Language: C++    Power Analysis On Smartcard Algorithms  Team size: 3  Duration: 3 Months  Role & Responsibility Report accomplishment, trouble shooting & Assembly language  programming.  Language: C++ and Matlab Models    Iphone/ ipad projects  Team size: Individual    Barcode Scanner App:  This application scans the QR Code in invoice to get the products information and save, verify with barcode on the project. Basically it's used for verifying correct product being shipped.    Game tic tac toe:  This app has the ability for single and multiple players. Single player has the option of difficulty level. Two players can play by swapping the coins. PROJECT TECHNICAL MANAGER Tech Mahindra March 2014 21-03-2014)  • Web Development, Testing and release.  • Installing and checking the server Vern ability.  • Developing & Designing Ecommerce sites.  • Managing team.  • Requirement interaction with Clients.  • Estimating of the Projects.  • Responsible for meeting the deadlines. Education Bachelor's Skills SALES (3 years), AJAX (1 year), ASSEMBLY (1 year), C++ (1 year), CRM (1 year), Team Lead, Key Holder, training, Microsoft Office Additional Information KEY SKILLS    ? GUI Packages: MS - Office, Cybase, Web Development, 3DMAX, Multimedia, Xilinx ISE, Modelsim, MATLAB & Embedded programming.  ? Languages: C, C++, SQL, PL/Sql, PHP, Javascript, OOPS, Agular, Jquery, HTML, Ajax, CSS, IMP, Embedded C & Assembly.  ? Operating System: MS - DOS & Windows 95/98/ME/NT/2000/XP/Vista/7, Linux ( Red Hat, , Centos, Ubuntu, Fedora)  ? Server: SQL server 2005, Windows server 2000/2003/2008, Linux.  ? Local host Servers: XAMMP, WAMP.  ? CMS: Magento, Drupal, Joomla, Wordpress, Sugar CRM, Sales Force, Open Cart, etc    ? Learning Environment: iPhone/Ipad with Xcode 6    OTHER QUALIFICATIONS    ? Programming from NIIT  ? Multimedia from ARENA MULTIMEDIA group of APTECH  ? Done my certification in MAGENTO DEVELOPER & DEVELOPER PLUS  (http://www.magentocommerce.com/certification/directory/dev/191957/)  ? Certified in UI Path, Orchestrator& SAP.