Scrum Master/ Project Manager Scrum Master/<span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Scrum Master/ Project Manager - AT&T Richardson, TX • Self-motivated IT Professional around 5 years of experience with a verifiable record of accomplishment especially in the area of Business Analysis, Process Improvements, Change Management, Resource Management, Maintaining project timelines and deliverables. Highly creative & detail-oriented, recognized as a results-oriented and solution-focused individual with excellent leadership and communication skills.  • Coordinated activities with application development teams across functional organizations boundaries and worked with functional stakeholders and leadership at various levels.  • Directed all phases of project implementation, expertly coordinating project planning, requirements gathering, functionality testing, systems acceptance, data and process analysis, and system design.  • Implemented project management standards and processes based on the Project Management Body of Knowledge (PMBOK) and Program Management Best Practices (PMBP).  • Expert in using tools like VSTS, Jira, Agile Craft, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint, MS Project and Visio in Project coordination. Work Experience Scrum Master/ Project Manager AT&T - Plano, TX April 2019 to Present Serving as a Lead for multiple big data development projects, configured GUI for agile ticketing system & provide lean metrics to improve team performance across departments. Track program progress end-to-end from intake to deployment and product owner sign-off.  • Baseline work intake flow in Visio to increase time to adoption for selected agile project management tool. Conduct all Scrum ceremonies & derives project metrics to improve performance. Compiles and presents weekly status to leadership, Product Owners, and stakeholders.  • Coordinate with external partners/stakeholders to ensure cross-organizational efforts are tracked, managed, and external status updates are provided where required.  • Business management for optimization project utilizing data science & data labelling insights.  • Identify and communicate project risks throughout the project lifecycle, ensure risks are fully evaluated and mitigation actions are in place and ensure risks are promptly communicated and tracked with all stakeholders.  • Excellent technical analytical skills and result oriented; one who does not stop at identifying issues but also communicating the impact and providing solutions.  • A discerning and committed decision maker; Ability to quickly assess the situations and timely make decisions to move forward, possesses a great sense of urgency and accountability. Project Coordinator NEC Corporation of America - Irving, TX May 2018 to March 2019 Served as Scrum Master for 7-11 Security Project and ensured team maintains focus on quality and continuous delivery of viable products. Facilitated team meetings and teamwork to continual improvement of teams' agile practices.  • Responsible for dealing with the scrum process with the coordination of the scrum team in Agile methodology.  • Responsible for eradicating the impediments for the scrum team and conflict resolution.  • Facilitate sprint planning, daily stand-up, sprint retrospective, demo, product backlog refinements, the scrum of scrum meetings with Scrum team, Product Owner, Client, Customer, and other Stakeholders.  • Utilizing the use case, workflow activity, and sequence diagrams to define functional requirements for the development team.  • Tracked burndown charts, velocity, capacity and managed user stories to evaluate team metrics and bandwidths using VSTS and JIRA Tools.  • Worked effectively with cross-functional teams across the Globe and able to balance the workload  and priorities. Scrum Master/ Project Manager Bed Bath and Beyond Corporate - Union, NJ January 2017 to April 2018 Working on providing IT solutions in the Point of Sale world for Retail - Bed Bath and Beyond, Buy Buy Baby, Harmon, Christmas Tree Shops, Cost Plus World Market and One king's lane. Partnering with the Point of Sale Project Stakeholders to define a product lifecycle from initiating to closing phases. As a lead, managing and tracking issues from the field and cadence for reporting and communication tied back defect tickets and remediation releases. Worked with the retail stores and followed up during the rollout and managed code versions for the stores.  • Tracking and monitoring project schedules and budgets, updating and reviewing financial status reports and ensuring deliverable deadlines are met within project scope and budget.  • Facilitating Technical Specification discussions, conducting JAD sessions with user groups, stakeholders and SMEs.  • Recorded detailed project requirements, constraints, and assumptions with stakeholders to establish the project deliverables, using requirement-gathering techniques (e.g., planning, sessions, brainstorming, focus groups) and the project charter.  • Delivered top-notch support while working effectively with members in a small team environment. Having clear communication with technical and non-technical audience & business stakeholders.  • Assisted Senior PM's in managing changes to the project scope, project schedule, and project costs using appropriate verification techniques to keep the project plan accurate, updated, reflective of authorized project changes as defined in the change management plan, and facilitate customer acceptance.  • Partnered with the Training department to define release addendum and provide the supporting materials for training management guide and front-end manual. Project Coordinator NEC Corporation of America - Irving, TX January 2016 to December 2016 NEC provides retail solutions and services to 7-Eleven. Engaged with multiple projects related to the same. Project Manager for 7-Eleven Security Project, Cash Report Integration Project and Change Requests for 7-11 non-integrated stores, 7-11 Rewards Program and EMV Project.  • Worked extensively on Oracle Server -.Net Application, sqldeveloper, NCR POS 7402, 7403, EXXON POS, NEC ISP, COLLIS TOOL, Test Cards -Magstripe, Chip;(MC, VI, Fleet, credit/debit/combo/SVC/Gift Cards) Ingenico Isc350/250, MX-915 VeriFone Pin pads, Money Order Machines, GOT, HHT, WAYNE and ICR Pumps, Ryko Carwash, Safe. Network Testing with - HPS, FIRST DATA, Certification Testing for EMV.  • Participated effectively in multiple project efforts, meeting deadlines and provide technical expertise, writing system documentation that include systems description, procedures, events, and processes.  • Coordinated all facets of retail software testing and development, e.g., Point of Sales, Credit/Debit Network.  • Assured the integrity and reliability of information systems; produces, analyzes and distributes meaningful reports for the Quality Control Team about IT processes and identifies areas of improvement.  • Worked diligently with the IT project and business teams to identify gaps in the process and/or application and work to assure gaps are either closed or documented for future review.  • Performed backend validations using SQL statements to extract the data from the database if required. Technical IT Project Coordinator S&P Global Inc - New York, NY August 2015 to December 2015 Primary responsibilities include a review of several options and preparing proposals for the corporate direction; consolidating backup proposals for the Capital IQ Clarifi environment, which is a typical Citrix Client based tier, the overall functions involve making a high-level document concerning all relevant parameters; communicating to different vendors providing backup solutions.  • Working in a very fast-paced environment. A new/reordered set of top 5 priorities are received every week (sometimes daily). Performing multi-tasking involves the creation of VMs, servicing inquiries, and resolving service requests.  • Handling on-call support is covering 24 x 7 availability. Designing and documenting server builds/decommissioning process according to company procedure and standards. Managing VMware infrastructure. Maintenance, installation, and upgradation of all virtual machines as well as the configuration of redundant VMware hosts at the datacenter.  • Technical IT Project Coordinator for a client in Capacity Planning & Disaster Recovery.  • Conducted project kick-off meetings, defined project objectives, and scope tracked risks, assumptions, and managed detailed project schedules using Microsoft Project.  • Documented project deliverables and scheduled timeline for execution using Microsoft Project.  • Windows 2003/2008/2012 R2 OS installation, post-OS patches, backup configurations, updating in other server reporting tools and delivering after successful post checks and QA. IT Project Coordinator TORC Pvt. LTD August 2012 to August 2013 • Have a thorough knowledge of all clients' systems and processes for tracking jobs; ensure internal team adheres to client requests accurately and in a timely fashion.  • Coordinated and attended internal status meetings; attend status calls with clients on assigned accounts.  • Responsible for numerous project-driven tasks including progress tracking, price coding, asset management, change order management, and client reporting on medium to large scale electrical construction projects.  • Meet with department leads to identify deliverables and project scope.  • Establish and drive best practices for good capacity planning into system & component design. Education Master of Science in Electrical Engineering in Electrical Engineering The University of Texas at San Antonio - San Antonio, TX 2013 to 2015 Electrical Engineering Sreenidhi Institute of Science and Technology - Hyderabad, Telangana 2009 to 2013 Certifications/Licenses CSM PMP Lean Six Sigma Yellow Belt