Senior Program Management Consultant / Scrum Master Senior Program Management Consultant / Scrum Master Senior Program Management Consultant / Scrum Master - Disney Los Angeles, CA Work Experience Senior Program Management Consultant / Scrum Master Disney - Los Angeles, CA September 2018 to Present • Supports and directs the implementation of the Global Rights Management program (21+ projects) covering the scope of Disney+, Rights In, Rights Out, Deals, Contracts, and Rate Cards for Domestic International 3rd party distribution.  • Oversees the Rightsline vendor and cross-functional teams to ensure on time delivery for the Global Rightsline sales management system, including the loading of all Templates, Titles, Contracts, and Avails into the software as a service tool/application.  • Spearheads the 21CF and New Disney integration within the Global Rights Management initiative to reduce costs, consolidate applications and streamline duplicative business/technology capabilities.  • Interfaces daily with SVPs, VPs, and executive-level leadership across multiple groups and departments to communicate status, outlining key issues, risks, and steps toward resolution.  • Develops and enhances program management methodologies for multiple workstreams. Identifies and improves an Agile/Scrum program cadence: Roadmap Planning, Daily Stand-Ups, Backlog Refinement, Grooming, Sprint Planning, Demos, and Retrospectives.  • Mentors multiple senior project managers, product owners, system engineers, developers, and cross-functional leads to ensure strategic alignment with program milestones that roll up for inclusion into portfolio level reporting and prioritization. Senior Program Management Consultant / Scrum Master 20th Century Fox - Los Angeles, CA November 2017 to August 2018 • Successfully launched the Foxipedia program on the Salesforce platform enabling a cloud-based IP management solution while consolidating and streamlining four legacy applications for title ID, metadata, and version management into one.  • Lead multiple international Scrum teams to launch high profile Data Management initiatives across multiple portfolios and business units. Project and programs include Foxipedia, 20th Century Fox Metadata Management & Delivery, National Geographic, and Value Added Material integrations.  • Oversaw the implementation of Scrum/Agile to improve policies, procedures, and processes within the portfolio roadmap; including the development of strategies, readiness assessments, and the implementation of training/communications.  • Directed the program team on self-organizing to fully realize the potential of Agile/Scrum frameworks. Coordinated with the Product Management team to develop, groom and prioritize the product/program backlog.  • Interfaced with Information Technology VP's and executive leadership daily to provide program and progress updates related to scope, schedule, budget, risks, and issues. Partnered closely with the Client and Business Change Management to evaluate changes to scope, timing, and budgets to ensure successful implementation of Sales Force.  • Established and built effective relationships with staff and executive management across multiple business units including Customer Service, Media Cloud Services, Metadata Services, and Finance to clearly identify, explain, and communicate their project involvement, program goals, expectations, tasks, and timelines. Senior Program Management Consultant / Scrum Master Disney - Los Angeles, CA April 2017 to November 2017 • Effectively launched the Shanghai Disney Fast Pass Program which enabled Digital Fast Pass technology via Disneyland's mobile and employee applications, on the web, and on touch screen kiosks at Shanghai Disneyland resort. Released on schedule, $800K under budget, supporting 100+ project team members.  • Empowered and mentored 8+ senior and mid-level project managers in China and the United States to ensure all tracks of work progressed successfully and aligned with program and portfolio milestones.  • Provided guidance to other program and project managers on which processes and tools to apply based on project and stakeholder needs. Identified and coordinated project management staffing needs; responsible for the selection, onboarding and on-going training for project management staff.  • Operated diligently with project sponsors, cross-functional teams, and assigned project managers to plan and develop scope, deliverables, required resources, work plan, budget, and timing for new initiatives.  • Managed several international cross-functional teams within multiple disciplinary representations including digital development/technology, infrastructure, product management/strategy, design, SEO, and analytics. Built successful teams with enthusiasm through championing, partnering, feedback, recognition, and coaching.  • Facilitated weekly program status meetings for SVP's, VP's, and department executives to provide program and progress updates related to scope, schedule, budget, risks, and issues.  • Defined and developed PMO, JIRA and project and program management on-boarding for the Digital Parks and Resorts Online department. Senior Program Management Consultant / Scrum Master AT&T - Los Angeles, CA April 2016 to April 2017 - Entertainment Product Group  • Guided the overall end-to-end Commercial and Residential technology programs for cross-application delivery enabling DIRECTV and AT&T programming within lodging and intuitions, multi-dwelling units, airplanes, small business, and restaurants across the United States.  • Successfully launched the DIRECTV Remote RC80HB providing a new ergonomic antimicrobial design for Commercial DIRECTV consumers. Released on schedule, $250K under budget, supporting 80+ project team members.    • Managed a multi-year / multi-phase development roadmap for Commercial and Residential product lines from concept to production in partnership with cross-functional teams. Autonomously worked with technology, design, engineering, marketing, and manufacturing teams to support and drive initiatives through key milestones and deadlines.  • Oversaw the DIRECTV Residential Experience (DRE) initiative, which has led the Hospitality and Institutions industry in delivering the best guest facing customer experience since inception. With over 4000 installations and nearly 500k set-top boxes deployed, DRE is the fastest growing technology solution in the industry.  • Supervised the Enterprise Home Security program for residential properties: initiatives include On Screen Displays, Quick Access to Digital Life, End to End-Video Encryption, Audio and Video Enablement, and Picture and Text Event Displays.  • Established and built effective relationships with staff and executive management across multiple business units including Space and Communication, Finance, Product, Ad Sales, Legal, Human Resources, Operations, Corporate IT, and the Chief Security office to clearly identify, explain, and communicate their project involvement, program goals, expectations, tasks, and timelines.  • Assessed and advised on improving process and methodologies within the portfolio roadmap; including the development of strategies, readiness assessments, and the implementation of training/communications. Senior Digital Program Management Consultant / Scrum Master Razorfish / Publicis.Sapient - Los Angeles, CA December 2015 to April 2016 • Provided structure and vision for the management of highly visible and complex digital (web, advertising, media strategy, and technology) solutions to launch exciting new (revenue generating) features on the web and mobile for millions of customers to enjoy. Projects included Honda Corporate Redesign, Acura RDX, and web/mobile initiatives.  • Led Scrum/Agile ceremonies (Iteration Planning, Story Point Estimation, Backlog Grooming) and developed user stories / assigned tasks to Scrum teams; created burn down-charts and tracked team's progress; lead daily stand up meetings, identified and resolved conflict, and helped remove impediments.  • Supervised and mentored art directors, project managers, creative consultants, copywriters, web developers, quality assurance associates, and cross-functional leads to ensure strategic alignment with master level program milestones that roll up for inclusion into portfolio level reporting and prioritization.  • Responsible for vetting, selecting, onboarding and managing third-party vendors (SEO, brand perception, user interface/usability design).  • Collaborated and built effective relationships with senior client executives, marketing, technical, and product management directors across multiple business units and outside third parties to identify, explain, and communicate their project involvement, project goals, expectations, tasks, and timelines.  • Actively contributed to establishing process methods, and metrics for tracking performance and making decisions within the extended program management and product management groups. Senior Engineering Program Management Consultant DIRECTV - Los Angeles, CA March 2015 to December 2015 • Oversaw the management of strategic cross-functional programs to launch exciting new (revenue generating) features on the big screen, set-top box, mobile devices, and the web for millions of customers to enjoy.  • Led the Authentication Entitlement program; managing the digital content onboarding for Authentication, Video on Demand, Dynamic Ad Insertion, and Livesteaming to provide the ability for customers to become entitled to access and stream from their STB, mobile device or the web. Programmers included Disney, HBO, Showtime, Fox, OWN, and NBC Universal.  • Developed a repeatable and standardized process for onboarding mobile applications (iOS/Android) and connected devices (Apple TV, Amazon Fire, Samsung TV, and several tablets) within the DIRECTV video streaming experience.  • Projects included Authentication Entitlement Integration, Dynamic Advertisement Insertion, Video on Demand, Livestreaming, product launches, mobile applications, and broadcast infrastructure enhancements.  • Supervised the process and the execution of content-driven programs and projects across the Digital Entertainment Product Group, Technology PMO, and Engineering Business Development teams. Managed dependencies across related programs and initiatives and provided program updates for all relevant corporate reporting requirements.  • Authored many types of documents, including scope, budget, requirements, agendas, action plans, status decks, executive summaries, and project plans. Senior Technical Project Manager Consultant Union Bank - Los Angeles, CA September 2014 to March 2015 • Directed the Process Improvement Governance board; defining the roadmap for implementation of Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (CCAR) change management process and procedures for the Data management Office.  • Developed and standardized monthly and quarterly Edit Check responses to the Federal Reserve Board by managing a team of analysts, vetting through approach and deliverables.  • Provided PMO organizational governance; project planning, issue management, risk tracking and mitigation, resource tracking, program/ project performance trends, and score-carding via the creation/support of Share Point/Microsoft Server sites, dashboards, libraries, lists, and report metrics.  • Spearheaded the automation of Edit Check updates and managed the tracking process for the Meta Data Repository quality control workflows. Oversaw web-based development acting as the liaison across cross-functional departments.  • Fostered relationships and worked closely with multiple business units including the Regulatory Reporting, Data Management, PMO, SOx Audit, IT, and Risk partners to solicit and analyze data required for performance metrics and roadmap planning.  • Directed the planning, coordination, and implementation of IT Project Management tools (SharePoint and Project Server), processes and best practices for the Business and Technology PMO. IT PMO Project Manager Consultant Bank of America - Los Angeles, CA February 2013 to August 2014 • Oversaw an IT Program budget for more than 16 large projects exceeding 50 million dollars. Led the integration of a comprehensive budget-tracking tool that streamlined forecasting, tracking, and reporting.  • Established and developed the Technology PMO Training and Onboarding program for project management new hires.  • Defined, implemented and managed the project gate approval/prioritization process, to ensure executive stakeholders obtained the required information to assess the value, impact and strategic alignment of new program and project requests.  • Pioneered the standardization of critical program risks, issues, and PMO gaps via the creation and support of Share Point/Microsoft Server sites, dashboards, libraries, lists, and report metrics.  • Stood up SharePoint 2010 instance to support technology team sites and project sites and established strategy & guidelines for the use of SharePoint 2010.  • Managed and tracked program documentation: milestones, low level/ high-level designs, business requirements, vendor deliverables, and traceability matrices to ensure successful implementation of IBM's Mortgage Fulfillment application.  • Provided visibility of program and project statuses and risks through the implementation of automated dashboards that report at the executive level with drill capabilities to an individual project level. IT Technical Project Manager DIRECTV - Los Angeles, CA November 2011 to February 2013 • Organized and coordinated large/cross-functional projects (onshore/offshore teams) that ranged from $500K to $5M; including scope, schedule, and budget. Projects included Sales CRM, Jive, and telephony implementations.  • Assumed the IT Enterprise Change Manager role and successfully launched the enterprise social collaboration tool JIVE.  • Oversaw the Sales CRM software development initiative leading multiple development tracts from inception through delivery, integration, and release to a production environment.  • Directed onsite deployment of numerous software initiatives to call center production users in various United States and Philippine locations. Lead development, infrastructure, and the release of an all-inclusive training environment supporting several users in a international environment.  • Reviewed project deliverables, documented key findings and improvement areas, attended gate sessions and interfaced with technology and business project teams to help improve the level of documentation for the Sales CRM portfolio.  • Generated strategic plans that provided a framework for JIVE/Share Point/Clarity on-boarding, linking actions to strategies, and providing a roadmap for achieving measurable results.  • Managed the planning, coordination, and implementation of IT Project Management tools (JIVE and SharePoint), processes and best practices to increase productivity and streamline reporting.    SKILLS AND SPECIALTIES  • Scrum Master Certified (CSM) • Program Management • Agile/Scrum Enterprise Implementation  • Business/Process Transformation • Agile Master Certified (AMC) • Team Builder  • High Volume Budget Management • PMO Implementation • Expert: MS Project/Google Suite/Excel Education Master of Arts in Organizational Management in Project Management Specialization Ashford University - Clinton, IA Bachelor of Arts in Communication in Communication San Diego State University - San Diego, CA Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/shawnpartyka