ASSOCIATE II ASSOCIATE II Management Consultant - Project Management / Business Systems Analyst New York, NY Visionary Business Leader with a proven record of delivering high-impact operations, project management, and risk mitigation solutions that position organizations for long-term growth and profitability. Extensive experience and a reputation as a forward-thinking and influential operations strategist capable of delivering results that exceed expectations in challenging business environments. Work Experience ASSOCIATE II PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC), LLP - New York, NY 2017 to Present Appointed to this leadership role to administer risk assessment and assurance measures for complex projects, organizational development, and operational change. Scope of responsibility spanned Project Management Office (PMO) operations, general business analysis, process improvements, and implementation of solutions-based technical frameworks and methodologies.  • Serve as an integral part of the project management team driving the implementation of the multi-year, multi-million dollar Technology Enabled Audit Initiative, leading five development teams through standard IT development operations to fulfill all project parameters for Phase 1.  • Participated in the design and development of an internal project management and analysis tool based on Alteryx, Tableau, and UI Path, successfully securing buy-in from senior leadership for initial development. IT Program Manager (Contractor) Bank of America - New York, NY 2017 to 2017 Project Scope: Enterprise IT Systems Data Management and Architecture  Capitalized on in-depth knowledge of IT systems and data management to support strategic projects critical to business intelligence and cost efficiency decisions. Conducted systems analysis to access current capabilities in alignment with current and anticipated needs. Compiled, organized, and transformed complex data sets and systems into quantifiable and easily understandable presentations, dashboards, and executive level summaries to support the decision-making process.  • Established a streamlined and centralized reporting system based on a customized reporting schema for each project to improve overall project management, enabling senior leadership to access centralized project data.  • Orchestrated the reassignment of project ownership for designated work stream projects, collaborating with senior managers to develop a strategic plan of action to facilitate a smooth transition, and maintain project deliverables on time and within budget, with most achieving completion ahead of schedule. ASSOCIATE Ernst & Young (EY), LLP - New York, NY 2015 to 2017 Served as the primary administrator of the PMO office, clarifying project scope, coordinating proposal development and submissions, managing financials, allocating resources, and controlling stakeholder management of the client portfolio. Conducted a thorough analysis of operations, processes, and workflow performance of client teams to initiate change through process improvements and buy-in from key stakeholders.  • Assumed project management of a large account portfolio consisting of 7 work streams, introducing strategic process improvements to generate cost savings and improve the level of productivity and efficiency for each project. PMO Project Manager (Contractor) Deutsche Bank AG - New York, NY September 2015 to December 2015 Project Scope: Global Technology Office for the Foreign Banking Organization - Intermediate Holding Company (IHC) Federal Regulatory Initiative  Led project management efforts for multiple divisions, including Risk, Treasury, CCAR, SAS, Operations, and IT, continuously observing performance output for each phase of the project management cycle through delivery. Provided the operational framework for a new PMO office to support the launch of the US-Based IHC Division, enabling the company to meet the federal regulatory deadline.  • Instrumental in establishing the formal business organization and reporting structure for the federally mandated PMO, enabling the bank to successfully launch its projects as scheduled and meet all deadline requirements. (Deutsche Bank AG) Project Manager/ Senior Business Analyst (Contractor) Barclays US - New York, NY February 2015 to September 2015 Project Scope: IT Risk Analysis Financial Technology Projects and NDA/Classified Firm-wide Global Initiative  Directed all project teams under the oversight of the Chief Operating Officer of IPRS Technology, managing the workflow of personnel resources, monitoring the completion and delivery of project deliverables and coordinating all internal communication between key stakeholders.  • Maintained absolute confidentiality and data integrity while working on a Non-Disclosure Agreement (NDA) project on behalf of the COO, developing secure communication processes to engage senior level manager and project staff without jeopardizing the NDA status. Project Manager/ Business Analyst (Contractor) Morgan Stanley - New York, NY September 2014 to February 2015 Project Scope: Global Data Migration and Consolidation Project administered by the Operations Management Division  Supported the Client Wealth Management division, handling Margin Bridge reporting, 15C3 reporting, and account reconciliations, ensuring all reporting and documentation was accurately submitted in compliance with all regulatory guidelines.  • Supervised the implementation of Master Data Management (MDM) and eMDM (Enterprise Master Data Management) across all banking data systemwide to improve data quality and accessibility as well as enhance overall productivity. PROGRAM MANAGER Dixon Research Center - Baltimore, MD 2012 to 2014 Oversaw the full project management cycle from initiation to delivery for research and development projects and initiatives carried out by the Richard N. Dixon Science Research Center at Morgan State University.  • Aided in the establishment of a Project Management Office (PMO) to manage significant grant contracts and funding commitments ? $10M, developing the organizational structure, business processes, and procedures to handle all budgeting, reporting, and proposal submissions. Education Bachelor of Science in Biology Morgan State University 2014 Skills Agile Framework (3 years), Analytics (3 years), Data Analysis (3 years), Account Management (4 years), ERP (4 years), Business Analysis (4 years), Business Intelligence (4 years), Business Management (4 years), Business Development (4 years), CRM (4 years), Change Management (3 years), Microsoft Excel (6 years), Microsoft Powerpoint (6 years), Microsoft Project (3 years), Power BI (Less than 1 year), Process Improvement (3 years), Project Management (5 years), Project Coordination (7 years), Project Planning (5 years), Program Management (4 years), Program Development (4 years), Risk Assessment (4 years), Risk Management (4 years), Microsoft Visio (3 years), Alteryx (1 year), Tableau (1 year), Ui Path (Less than 1 year), Python (Less than 1 year), SQL (Less than 1 year), Operations Management (4 years), Operations Analysis & Improvement (4 years), IT SDLC DevOps Management (3 years), IT Risk Analysis (3 years), IT Project Management (3 years) Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/shawnebanks Awards Letter of Recognition - City of Baltimore 2014-05 Received for Outstanding Performance & Management of a Non-Profit Organization Certifications/Licenses Scaled Agile Framework - SAFe 4 SA - Certification March 2018 to March 2020 SAFe 4 Certified Agilist  CERTIFICATE ID: 08391829-4387