Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager Philadelphia, PA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager KRG Enterprises - Philadelphia, PA June 2019 to Present • Oversee the planning, implementation and tracking of jobs from beginning through completion while delivering many expectations of the customer.  • Review architectural drawings from customer and advise on markups and details to engineering and/or customer.  • Create a detailed work plans which will identify and sequence the steps to complete the project.  • Coordination of outside vendors to confirm work is being completed on time and to the standards per the engagement.  • Set up files to safeguard that all project information is documented properly.  • Review product costs, budget and timeline to ensure gross margin and net margins are maintained to quoted prices and/or budgets.  • Certify that all financial records for the project are up-to-date.  • Communication with customers that will ensure successful completion of project requirements. Criminal Investigations Division / P.O.T Oakland Police Department - Oakland, CA February 2019 to April 2019 • Supported Criminal Investigations Division with managing crime scene video, audio, data and reports.  • Analyzed and examined crime scene data, performing surveillance and conducting searches and interviews.   • Instruction/Implementation of criminal law, firearms, arrest and control techniques, community relations, traffic enforcement, and CPR/First Aid. Digital Marketing / IT Consultant Individual Consulting - San Francisco, CA July 2018 to January 2019 • Analyzing a company's IT system and infrastructure.  • Diagnosing IT system problems, inefficiencies and weaknesses.  • Planning a timeline for completion of projects.  • Understanding a client's business needs.  • Implementing a technological solution to meet business needs.  • Analyzing and determining security threats.  • Providing advice on technology best practices.  • Collaborating with technical in-house team to ensure familiarity with technology.  • Training staff to use the new IT systems.  • Monitoring the success of IT solution.  • Producing detailed reports on the efficacy of the technology.  • Creating and implementing digital marketing content: graphics, videos, commercials and tracking the efficiency.  • Creating and tracking company budgets and timeline. Technical Project Coordinator Tesla Motors - Fremont, CA March 2018 to June 2018 • Reviewed and approved all Engineering Change Orders (ECOs)  • Lead technical efforts to develop processes to ensure the successful implementation of vehicle part changes  • Maintained Service and Manufactured BOM  • Coordinated testing and trials for new part validation  • Performed cost analysis and develop cost analysis processes to support efforts to minimize the cost impact for new part introduction  • Supported quality and reliability analysis efforts and part design iteration  • Project managed the tactical implementation of part changes and ensure readiness for change execution IT Project Manager Webjunto LLC. - Philadelphia, PA July 2017 to February 2018 • Plan and define project scope, goals and deliverables  • Define tasks and required resources  • Collect and manage project team  • Manage budget  • Allocate project resources  • Create schedule and project timeline  • Track deliverables, social media and marketing impact  • Support and direct design and development teams throughout project lifecycle  • Monitor and report on project progress  • Present to stakeholders reports on progress as well as problems and solutions  • Implement and manage change when necessary to meet project outputs  • Oversee Marketing, Graphic Design content creation and social media to measure result impact IT / Digital Marketing Project Manager PLUS Movement LLC - Philadelphia, PA May 2016 to June 2017 • Leverage tracking strategies to monitor and evaluate impact of programs in market; develop reports on program effectiveness in market and implement programs for enhancement and improvement.  • Develop website content optimization and improvement within the website structure: functionality, usability, and navigation by users. Promoting, advertising and communicating all website content; monitoring and follow-up of results.  • Manage insights into digital trends across all areas of multicultural communities and social media platforms while using graphic design experience to assist in advertising internally and externally. IT Business Analyst City Zoo - Philadelphia, PA March 2016 to May 2016 • Managed mobile campaigns coordinating all aspects including planning and organizing, collaborating with partners and vendors, testing, and executing campaigns to completion.  • Developed and implemented an optimal posting schedule, considering web traffic and customer engagement metrics while maintaining up-to-date changes in all social platforms ensuring maximum effectiveness.  • Created, analyzed, and validated detailed functional specifications, while Delivering elements of systems design, including data migration rules, business rules, wireframes, or other detailed deliverables.  • Managed and crated content for social media campaigns. Developed posted scheduling and tracked change results for more effectiveness. Information Technology Project Management - Mergers and Acquisitions ntern SAP America. Inc - Newtown Square, PA August 2015 to December 2015 • Developed and created graphics, visual or audio images for product illustrations, logos, and websites for digital marketing campaigns.  • Supported with coordination of project activities to create, manage and implement interrelated tasks through project lifecycle, while remaining within scope.  • Used appropriate verification techniques to manage changes in project scope, schedule and costs, and implemented new ways to attract prospective customers, like promotions and competitions. Information Technology Web Solutions Intern Church & Dwight Co. Inc - Ewing, NJ January 2015 to August 2015 • Created engaging text, image and video content, and measured web traffic while monitoring SEO for multiple platforms.  • Implemented and tested database design for functionality to improve performance.  • Developed and delivered requirements with task and workflow analysis, technical requirements, and business process descriptions. Quality Compliance Analyst Intern Johnson & Johnson - Ethicon - Somerville, NJ November 2014 to January 2015 • Managed internal audit reporting, and corrective action plan process with owners.  • Compiled information by coordinating rate deviation filings; maintaining updated rate matrices; providing overviews of product disclosures.  • Defined and developed the procedure for the reporting and communication of quality gap data to call center performance, process managers, and suppliers. Claims Analyst Intern Duane Morris, LLP - Philadelphia, PA April 2014 to November 2014 • Administered claims for professional and general liabilities, while processing case specific information  • Facilitated and relayed concepts and ideas, while translating Spanish documentation for client communication  • Performed technical consultations during settlement agreement and data collection period  • Calculated and allocated class member payments for claim form processing Recreational Therapist Camden County Health Services Center - Blackwood, NJ June 2011 to November 2013 Education Bachelor of Science in Business in Management Information Systems Drexel University - Philadelphia, PA June 2018 Associate of Science in Liberal Arts / Information Technology Rutgers University - Camden, NJ 2011 to 2014 Skills SEO (4 years), JIRA (4 years), Account Management (4 years), Team Management (4 years), Basecamp (3 years), Adobe (3 years), Quickbooks (3 years), Financial Analysis (3 years), Excel (5 years), Quality Assurance (4 years), Inventory Management (2 years), Business Development (3 years), Database Management (4 years), AWS Cloud Services (3 years), Teamwork (3 years), Mobile UI Management (2 years), Graphic Design (2 years), ServiceNow (3 years), Microsoft Project (3 years), budgeting, sales, scheduling, estimating, Graphic Design (4 years), Billing (2 years), Account Management (3 years), Web Design (3 years), Cloud Computing (3 years), Relationship Management (3 years), Social Media Marketing (3 years), Strategic Planning (3 years), Project Management (4 years), Photoshop (3 years), Acrobat (3 years), Google Analytics (3 years), Word, budget, Outlook, Auto CAD, Customer Service Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/arivera36/ Certifications/Licenses Driver's License Additional Information SKILLS  Computer/Software Skills: Microsoft Office Programs, Adobe Illustrator, Photoshop, SAPBW, Jira, Basecamp, Teamwork, AutoCAD, Quickbooks, Float, Hootsuite    Technical Skills: Google Web Services, Microsoft OSC Web Development, ServiceNow, Office365 Portal, SEO Development    Operating Systems: Apple Macintosh OSX, iOS, Android, Windows