Project Manager/ IT Consultant <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>/<span class="hl">IT</span> Consultant Project Manager/ IT Consultant Austin, TX Work Experience Project Manager/ IT Consultant Komzar Group January 2018 to December 2018 Advised the company's construction team & CEO on computer systems that would be suitable for company's needs and made recommendations for procurements. Advised on network systems and wireless network within the company and the configuration of routers and servers. Advised on placement of control systems, wall/internet jacks, wireless access points for entire building. Surveyed and mapped out areas for hardware system installation. Desktop Support Technician Thurgood Marshall School of Law - Houston, TX January 2015 to December 2017 Provided technical assistance and support for incoming queries and issues related to computer systems, software, and hardware. Responded to queries either in person or over the phone. Trained computer users. Maintained daily performance of computer systems. Responded to email messages for customers seeking help. Asked questions to determine nature of problem. Walked students and professors through problem-solving process. Installed, modified, and repaired computer hardware and software. Maintained & updated computer hardware and storage to be compliant with company policy. Ran diagnostic programs to resolve problems. Performed routine network and PC installations. Resolved technical problems with Local Area Networks (LAN), Wide Area Networks (WAN), and other systems. Installed computer peripherals for users. RECOGNITIONS & AFFILIATIONS 2016 to 2016 Texas Southern University Business School Award, 2011-2013, 2015 - 2016,  LSU Tiger Scholar Award, 2006, Sales Agent Green Mountain Energy - Houston, TX October 2014 to December 2014 Assisted in selling various Pollution free products for organization and ensure optimal level of customer services. Administered and ensured compliance to all sale objectives. Managed selling of various products in a professional manner. Monitored all customer queries and ensure timely response to all issues. Coordinated with customers and provided various company plans and services and detail quote for all required information. Ensured optimal utilization of all sales tools and resources. Documented and maintained all records of sales activities. Provided updates as per requirement. Blackboard Support Technician/Graduate Assistant TEXAS SOUTHERN UNIVERSITY - Houston, TX January 2012 to December 2013 Enhanced the learning community for students and instructors, first as a tutor, and then as a Blackboard support technician. Maintained Blackboard system to ensure seamless operational status and supported high performance. Assisted in Blackboard Survey Testing program. Provided technical support across enrollment and maintenance to Blackboard technologists. Guided and assisted instructors in building and maintaining course websites. Delivered help desk support to faculty and student Blackboard users. Evaluated and graded exams, assignments, and papers on a strict timeline, and equipped students with technological tools, such as PowerPoint guidance, to enhance coursework and learning.  • Recognitions: Credited with providing students with tools that raised semester grades from average to above average.  • Accomplishments: Selected for graduate assistantship funding package as a result of academic promise. Multimedia and Classroom Support Technician LOUISIANA STATE UNIVERSITY - Baton Rouge, LA June 2007 to November 2008 Provided technical support for classroom multimedia such as PCs, projectors, audio enhancement, and others.  Coordinated computer lab setup and management, as well as help desk support, PC Ghosting, and wireless configurations. Sports Activities Coordinator LSU International Student Organization 2007 to 2007 Volunteer Nominee 2005 to 2005 Katrina Survey Collection, 2007, Education MASTER of SCIENCE in Management Information Systems TEXAS SOUTHERN UNIVERSITY - Houston, TX 2017 Master of Business Administration in sales and product awareness TEXAS SOUTHERN UNIVERSITY - Houston, TX 2013 Skills Active Directory, Windows, Technical Support, Networking, Sales, Customer Service