Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager Aventura, FL I am an experienced Digital Media Designer who has overseen several large and successful projects. I have adapted to having technical discussions with clients and all levels of company management by recommending or implementing changes to make every project more efficient. I enjoy collaborating with talented people in order to achieve solid digital products for both business and consumers. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager Taxleaf - Miami, FL December 2018 to Present Manage different projects on he implementation of a new software for internal communication. Manage Marketing campaigns. Lead Content Editor Senior Wunderman Agency - Buenos Aires, Buenos Aires February 2016 to May 2018 Leadership in a big team of content updates through the Adobe Experience Manager CQ6 tool. Managing  projects through a system of tickets. Revise, fix and report functional issues of different websites. Digital Designer Wasabis Group SRL - Buenos Aires, Buenos Aires 2015 to December 2016 Branding and creating graphic pieces for printing and web. Managing marketing strategies, updates in social network and client database updates for promotion and newsletters. Salesman Libreria Los Pibes - Buenos Aires, Buenos Aires December 2013 to June 2015 Customer service at an art supplier store in a campus library. Graphic Designer / Marketing Executive Jr Ambito Financiero - Buenos Aires, Buenos Aires February 2012 to May 2013 Branding and creating graphic pieces for printing and web. Promote and register companies to different  kind of seminars and courses. IT Lab Assistant Pierce College - Lakewood, WA September 2008 to July 2010 Installation and maintenance of computers, printers, projectors and more in college campus buildings. Education Design & Communication Universidad de Palermo - Buenos Aires, Buenos Aires December 2016 Digital Design Art Institute of Seattle July 2010 Pierce College - Lakewood, WA July 2008 Skills Adobe Photoshop, Ilustrator, InDesign, Premiere Pro, After FX (9 years), HTML, CSS, JS (4 years), Adobe, Graphic Design, Photoshop, Indesign, Dreamweaver, Acrobat Links http://www.pedronvillarroel.com Certifications/Licenses Driver's License