IT Finance Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Finance <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Finance Project Manager - Micron Technology Boise, ID Dynamic project leader and senior business analyst with a verifiable track record in managing complex IT projects and working on the ground with project stakeholders and end users with a strong background working as an SAP analyst for nearly a decade. Directing teams toward execution of top-level objectives and maximize bottom-line results utilizing IT solutions and simplifying and increasing efficiency of complex business processes. Exceptional IT manager that implements solutions driving business improvement and costing solutions. Work Experience IT Finance Project Manager Micron Technology - Boise, ID August 2016 to Present Responsible for project results (scope, schedule, budget, quality) and efforts, which include product development, core team leadership of project life cycle activities, and general project and process initiatives.  ? Spearheaded finance initiative to stand up robotic process automation team within the IT department utilizing Blue Prism tool while managing up to executive leadership on recommendations and results  ? Lead and/or participate in senior management meetings, outlining progress and change controls that affect a timely completion of strategic project goals.  ? Ensure timely completion of mission-critical projects by conducting regular follow-ups, including overseeing and verifying project plans and deliverables of the analysis, development, and operational teams  ? Supported SAP ERP system in supply chain, sales, and finance throughout career at Micron with an emphasis on FICO modules  ? Implemented several solutions for foreign exchange rate hedging, increased efficiency in close process using Blackline and RPA tools  ? Develop and maintain end-to-end project plans and supporting documentation.  ? Facilitated and tracked change management worldwide for several projects simultaneously, keeping worldwide team members involved in design, development, and deployment processes.  ? Maintain and forecast project budgets, timelines, and resource allocations.  ? Manage all change requests, validate all budget/schedule impacts, obtain the stakeholders' commitment, and communicate approved changes to all teams.  ? Technical lead for multi year multi million dollar financial costing solutions revamping all cost allocations from actual to standard cost utilizing 3C costing software  ? Mentor and provide guidance to all project resources and other team members ( project managers, team managers, business analysts, and developers).  ? Review and contribute to the development and integration of requirements. IT Sales and Logistics Service Lead July 2013 to August 2016 Held biweekly team meetings to review past iteration and present the upcoming iteration workload.  ? Facilitated requirement workshops and interviews to gather, document, and define current and future processes.  ? Defined and managed requirements on a ground-up complete redesign ERP system using a combination of Agile and Waterfall methodologies. This includes fully functional systems to cover contracts, order management, logistics, operations management, billing, cost tracking and allocation.  ? Conducted regular user acceptance testing sessions with stakeholders and target audience to gain approval of software developed to date.  ? Created and coordinated the branching strategy for multiple environments and project tracks to allow seamless development and testing between team, development, and production environments. This includes the scheduling and execution plan of environmental code merges as needed.  ? Coordinated with the executive and senior management team to define go-live and release schedule options to identify the most cost effective and least disruptive rollout solution.  ? Trained and supported users of the new ERP system to assure the fastest and least difficult user transition between the previous and new applications. Finance Business Analyst- SAP Implementation Glanbia Foods Plc - Corona, CA June 2012 to July 2013 Deployed as part of eight-member team to fully implement a company in Corona, CA from excel and home-grown solutions to standard SAP  ? Conducted feedback meetings with clients and stakeholders to define business needs, requirements, and project objectives.  ? Collaborated with clients to understand business objectives, scope, and feasibility.  ? Investigated internal business systems to identify areas of improvement. Created business cases based off client/internal design upgrades/changes. Oversaw all points of requirements, design, implementation, and testing for each business case.  ? Managed large customer data migration projects which resulted in monthly savings of over $1,500,000 per year including accounts payable, receivable, asset management and payroll  ? Led research, implementation, and configuration of a ticketing system for daily internal and external use. This included detailed product comparisons, system requirements, contract negotiations, implementation, configuration, and testing.  ? Conducted training classes for employees and customers to ensure proper understanding and knowledge across all levels of users. Ensured proper knowledge and documentation was shared for the launch and changes of new applications and processes to maintain a high quality of service. Finance Business Analyst Glanbia Foods Plc - Kilkenny August 2011 to June 2012 Sole financial analyst supporting all North American business units in both support calls and development requests within SAP FICO modules  ? Supported domestic and international businesses owned by Glanbia on financial advice and system issues using both GAAP and IFRS  ? Involved in the business process review, validation and testing of the current SAP system in accordance with the business structure providing support for technical upgrade for all facets of FICO  ? Configured chart of depreciation, depreciation areas, depreciation keys, asset classes, number ranges, revaluation settings  ? Configured asset class and account determinations, Group Assets, Asset under Construction, Asset acquisitions, transfers and retirement  ? Configured tax depreciation related depreciation Calculation Keys, Derived depreciation area, and special valuation of assets including revaluation using revaluation measures Education Masters of Business Administration in Business Administration Boise State University - Boise, ID B.S. in Accounting in Accounting University of Idaho - Moscow, ID Skills BI (Less than 1 year), Business Intelligence (Less than 1 year), Enterprise Architect (Less than 1 year), Jira (Less than 1 year), Kanban (Less than 1 year), Microsoft Office (Less than 1 year), Microsoft Visio (Less than 1 year), MS OFFICE (Less than 1 year), Power BI (Less than 1 year), Prototype (Less than 1 year), PROTOTYPES (Less than 1 year), SAP (4 years), Visio (Less than 1 year)