Studio Manager Studio <span class="hl">Manager</span> Studio Manager - Yoga Pod Houston, TX Work Experience Studio Manager Yoga Pod - The Woodlands, TX 2017 to Present Entrepreneurial mindset that leads day-to-day studio operations to anticipate client needs while ensuring consistent  quality by delivering quick and efficient services. Responsible for recruiting and training studio staff. Executes creative  marketing plans to drive studio profitability by converting prospects to clients.  ? Increased client base by 25% in 3 months by developing a strategic marketing plan.  ? Renegotiated and reduced royalty fees from 6% to 1.25% for the remainder of the contract.  ? Increased social media followers by 25% and increased impressions by 200% compared to 2016.  ? Increased customer satisfaction rating to 93% from 77% in 6 months by establishing KPIs. IT Service Delivery Project Manager Ibm - Houston, TX March 2013 to June 2016 Led support teams to deliver information technology services to meet SLAs. Project managed and owned multiple  client initiatives and relationships in procurement, data center logistics and audits, asset management, vendor  relationship, incident management governance, change control, and production support and KPI in a fast-paced  environment. Provided written and verbal status updates to stakeholders  ? Implemented software to provide cost savings and risk mitigation plan for a hardware and software portfolio of  12K+ servers and 186 software titles using SDLC methodology.  ? Reduced downtime 76% per IBM owned infrastructure by recommending and implementing strategic changes in hardware maintenance contracts.  ? Created a roadmap and release management cycle with IT team to build disaster recovery datacenter by installing 600+ pieces of IT equipment in 12 months, meeting Go-Live date and government mandate.  ? Accountable and responsible for turning around unsatisfactory project by creating and consolidating processes to on-board IBM production support staff to the client's environment.  ? Led successful data center audits, updated standard operating procedures and reported site issues, risk, and set  operational objectives to meet client expectation.  ? Expanded service opportunities by identifying and negotiating 8 vendor contracts to IBM procurement catalogue,  providing operational cost savings and increased customer service to the customer.  ? Built, trained and developed IBM on-call support teams to achieve 98% engagement on major incident  management to respond to incidents on customers IT production environment within 15 minutes. Project Manager IBM - Dubuque, IA 2012 to 2013 Managed all tasks and deliverables in regards to the planning and development of the project schedule, budget, and reporting. Presented written and verbal status reports including risks and issues. Lead project teams within matrix  organization. Performed client management by delivering customer projects on tight deadlines.  ? Implemented and installed IT infrastructure projects for client on Unix, Linux, and Intel platforms with customized software, meeting IBM compliance on change management, server activation and deactivation, and  HIPPA regulations.  ? Improved delivery time by identifying 3 defects and provided solutions to root-cause analysis of server build  process.  ? Attained 100% service-level agreement by applying Project management methodologies.  ? Met all KPIs by leading multiple continuous improvement programs for local Project Managers and improving  process. Associate Project Manager - Procurement Team Lead IBM - Dubuque, IA 2010 to 2012 Processed transactional orders in timely and cost-effective manner for new customer accounts. Analyzed availability and quality of resources, recommended best contracting strategy, and documented associated risks.  ? Trained and led international team of 13 project assistants, streamlining procurement requests for 32 accounts,  including data center relocations and major infrastructure upgrades.  ? Received IBM Means Service Award for outstanding customer service and detail-oriented  ? Collaborated to create a Wiki, design development for end-to-end procurement policies and controls for North  America.  ? Served as subject matter expert for critical and time sensitive procurement requests, resulting in meeting  deadline and $2 Million penalty avoidance. Database Analyst IBM - Charlotte, NC 2008 to 2008 Managed daily project resources and established effective communication plan with end project team and customers. Utilized planning, tracking, change control, and risk management techniques.  ? Improved internal efficiency by centralizing 12,000 documents and re-organizing multiple team rooms. Education Bachelors in Business Administration in (BBA), Management Information Systems (MIS) BAYLOR UNIVERSITY - Waco, TX Skills Project Management (6 years), Team Leader (5 years), Vendor Management (4 years), Microsoft office (10+ years), Relationship Management (8 years), Troubleshooting (6 years), Software Development (6 years), Data center operation (3 years), Strategic Planning, Customer Service Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/JoelVitta Certifications/Licenses Driver's License Additional Information Communication skills  TECHNICAL SKILLS