Evogen Executive Evogen Executive Evogen Executive - International Bio-Pharmaceutical Kansas City, MO Work Experience Evogen Executive International Bio-Pharmaceutical 2016 to Present Information Technology Executive Consultant  ? Led on premise migration to cloud environment, reducing costs 75%, all while achieving FDA and HIPAA compliance.  ? Instituted new hardware technology for epilepsy testing, raising diagnostic reliability from 20% to 90%+.  ? Coached team members on efficient use of technology to reduce overall redundancy of procedures and processes while keeping confidential HIPAA information secure to FDA and security standards. Chief Technology Officer / Chief Revenue Officer High Tech MicroMarket Solutions 2014 to Present Received coveted Amazon Service Award for best client partnership service in 2017 for operational excellence in process and procedures  ? Facilitated 200% revenue growth in 2 years while reducing expenditures.  ? Full budget control of both CapEx and OpEx expenditures.  ? Trained worldwide outside resources of the USConnect partnership on using technology to promote service excellence.  ? Led company with new branding effort, website, online presence and new pantry service division -- including updating of website SEO, social networking and revenue enhancers. Produced a top result on SERP by granular access and not pay per click, increasing customer satisfaction to 4.8/5.  ? Lead nationwide pantry service integration with USConnect affiliates to buy online and pickup or have local delivery. Services Fortune 500 companies for their pantry needs, including hospitality, technology and service industries.  ? Achieved Microsoft Gold Certified Partners and Microsoft SharePoint Certification.  ? Led team of 36 design architects and engineers by instituting new change management practices to help with team communication on individual projects, dependent projects, and resource utilization. Consultant, Program Manager Tek Systems 2012 to 2014 Led team of 30 for award-winning $25M Web, ACD, Ticketing & Telepresence project.  ? Managed full project lifecycle, including RFP, contract negotiations, legal review, waterfall & agile scrum, project guidelines, international vendors, resulting in 3 new international call centers. Nationwide USDA Security Leader ECS Consulting 2011 to 2012 Consultant, Operations / Security Director, USDA FSA Security Agency  ? Led team of 55 to reverse on-notice status, improving from 2/10 to 9/10 in 6 months.  ? Integrated custom .NET application with SharePoint while maintaining federal security guidelines and ISO-9000 compliance.  ? Trained consultants to streamline governmental security for the USDA. Consultant, Program Manager Tek Systems Consulting 2011 to 2011 Led PeopleSoft Security standup as technical SME resulting in consolidation from 2 clustered PeopleSoft 8.8 servers to one 9.1 server with conversion for 30 agencies. Consultant, Program Manager Ingenuity Consulting 2011 to 2011 Led team of 12 project managers and 6 support staff in PMO standup and Avaya integration with cross-functionality Agile Scrum and ITIL, security policy compliant.  ? Ground-up installation of SharePoint office integration with ISO-9000 compliance. Consultant, Project Manager Veracity Solutions 2010 to 2010 Led 2800-seat Avaya IX agent implementation and Call Quality Management System refresh with CRM, Soft Phone, Call Quality recording.  ? Led team of trainers to institute security policies in 12 call centers, including account security, network, password, and security review procedures, ensuring < 1% fault reviews. Principle Consultant, IT PMO Lead, South America Professional Services Consulting 2009 to 2010 Led merger & acquisition team of 400 direct reports with 3G and data updates, .NET conversion.  ? Initiated international PMO organization with ITIL & Agile Scrum.    sprint / Nextel, 2005-2009, $33B Telecommunications Company with 54 million customers  Consultant, Program Manager  ? Led team of 14, directing application, integrated load, performance, and usability testing  ? Earned five Excellence Awards for Project Management while upgrading DocShare to SharePoint, developing new portal web pages, directing release management billing projects, implementing .NET / C++ / HTML development integrating Sprint with Nextel Education Criminal Justice Washburn University - Topeka, KS 1997 Skills Ms project, Sharepoint, Siebel, Security, Cisco, Itil, Pmbok, .net, Visio, Avaya, Voip, Sql server, Oracle, Sql, Peoplesoft, Sap, Hp open view, Open view, Ms office, Sdlc Links http://linkedin.com/in/ryanlouisa Additional Information Skills    Cloud ? AWS ? Cisco ? VoIP ? Security ? Visio ? Test Planning  Oracle ? SQL Server ? Master MS Project ? HP Open View ? Visio ? SharePoint  Siebel ? SAP ? Avaya ? .NET ? Amdocs ? Peoplesoft 6-9.1 ? MS Office  SDLC ? PMBOK ? Agile Scrum ? ITIL ? Sarbane Oxley Act