Network Technician I Network Technician I Information Technology Specialist Chantilly, VA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Network Technician I Amazon Web Services - Herndon, VA October 2018 to April 2019 • Properly analyze, troubleshoot, and evaluate all networking issues and operations within Amazon’s Web Services.   • Provide SME-level assistance and advice to internal AWS employees, potential customers, and current clients.  • Actively collaborate with data center technicians, security personnel, network engineers, security engineers and project managers to successfully complete the latest AWS total network encryption project.  • Assist in migrating over 150,000+ fiber cable connections and installing/configuring over 1,000+ highly secure, specialized switches.  • Effectively use all related AWS applications such as Chime, Workspaces, Top Gun, Almach, Network State Master, Trouble Ticketing, Johnny 5, Bladerunner, Phonetool, MCM, Mobius, PuTTY (64-bit), and Amazon’s Wiki.  • Diagnose and troubleshoot server-related and network device-related issues: interconnectivity issues, network device configuration, etc.   • Identify areas of operations that need upgraded equipment such as DWDMs, routers, switches, fiber optic cables, & ethernet cables.  • Test and evaluate hardware and software to determine efficiency, reliability, and compatibility with the existing systems, and make purchase/infrastructure adjustment recommendations.  Data Center Technician II Akamai Technologies - Sterling, VA December 2017 to September 2018 • Collaborate with highly skilled data center technicians, network administrators, network engineers, and network architects in troubleshooting, optimizing, and expanding the company’s largest network infrastructure.  • Complete hardware support work orders involving hardware and cabling MACD, certification, troubleshooting and break-fix.  • Provide accurate asset management, daily work log and ticket tracking through utilizing the company’s logistics system guidelines.   • Detailed and thorough documentation and record keeping; may provide recommendations for process/documentation improvements.  • Maintain site security protocols, badging requirements, and data and asset protection procedures and report any violations.  • Utilize knowledge with server and network hardware and components, copper and fiber infrastructure installation and testing, data center productivity and support tools, applications and software (Windows, Linux, SSH, RDP, Putty, etc.) and other management data center infrastructure management (DCIM) tools.   • Contributed to the building of the company's first privately owned data center; feel extremely privileged and grateful to be able to experience all the aspects of successfully building a high-level, corporate data center. Master Instructor US Tigers Taekwondo - Gainesville, VA January 2017 to December 2017 • Taught Olympic-style Taekwondo classes in a nationally-recognized martial arts to students from the ages of four-fifty+.  • Provided before and after-school transportation for elementary and middle school students.  • Specialize in designing/upgrading the school’s physical and digital architecture; consists of implementing security protocols, practices, and state-of-the-art PC desktops for academic and entertainment purposes. IT Specialist/Sr. Operations Manager Tiger Martial Arts Academy - Manassas, VA January 2012 to December 2016 • Install, configure, and support desktop and laptop workstations, software, printers, peripherals, etc., which includes Microsoft Office Suite and other various Windows hosted applications.  • Provide support for Microsoft Office Suite, web browsers, anti-virus, file management, and back-up system.  • Install, configure upgrades, maintain, repair or replace, and document hardware and software systems.  • Install and configure network equipment and network infrastructure wiring.  • Maintain accurate hardware and software inventory.  • Initiate the necessary application of software patches and antivirus definition updates.  • Maintain accurate logs documenting operations/maintenance performed on the computer system with end-users.  • Maintain desktop computers, computer security policies and technical administrative controls.  • Support the business to optimize processes and systems.  • Ensure security of data, network access and backup systems.  • Assist with identifying problematic areas and implementing strategic solutions in time. Project Operations Manager Highkicks Inc. - Centreville, VA March 2007 to April 2009 • Collaborated directly with the company’s owner in successfully opening and establishing a brand-new location in Fairfax County, VA.  • Maintain the accuracy and integrity of project plan and ensure each work stream section of the project collaboration plan is kept up to date / reflects the reality of work in progress.  • Execute resource plans to include the steps to Identify, manage, report utilization and advocate for resources necessary to successfully resource and execute projects.  • Create and manage project budgets to include reporting and making recommendations if projects are not meeting budget expectations.  • Provide leadership to company personnel and communicate with company executives to properly resolve any major financial issue.  Education Bachelor's in Computer Networks and Cybersecurity University of Maryland, University College - Adelphi, MD June 2018 to Present Associate in Business Administration Northern Virginia Community College - Sterling, VA August 2013 to Present Bachelor's in Information Systems and Operations Management George Mason University - Fairfax, VA August 2009 to May 2010 Skills Access control (Less than 1 year), Architecture (Less than 1 year), Assembly (10+ years), Authentication (3 years), Automotive (5 years), Cctv (Less than 1 year), Cisco (2 years), Dlp (Less than 1 year), Electrical engineering (Less than 1 year), encryption (5 years), Excel (5 years), fiber optic (2 years), Financial management (7 years), networking (3 years), security (10+ years), database (7 years), MS Office (10+ years), Data Entry (10+ years), Operations Management (7 years), Microsoft Excel, Router, Switch, Linux Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/johnjrpark10 Awards Gold Medalist 2005-07 25th USA Taekwondo National Championships  San Antonio, TX Silver Medalist 2004-07 24th USA Taekwondo National Championships  Orlando, FL Bronze Medalist 2003-07 23rd USA Taekwondo National Championships  Atlanta, GA Dean's List 2015-05 Northern Virginia Community College  Obtained a GPA of 3.50+ Dean's List 2016-05 Northern Virginia Community College  Obtained a GPA of 3.50+ Certifications/Licenses Driver's License 4th Degree Taekwondo Black Belt Present World Taekwondo Federation Assessments Technical Support — Highly Proficient June 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to apply protocols to identify errors and solutions in order to maintain system function. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/elobhymq-p3j4dxh Basic Computer Skills: PC — Proficient June 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to perform basic computer operations, navigate a Windows OS, and troubleshoot common computer problems. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/9dxvhr0lafodyyi8 Basic Word Processing with Microsoft Word — Expert July 2019 Measures a candidate's knowledge of basic Microsoft Word techniques for word processing, including the use of tools to format or edit text. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/fjuktck3xiokc9-r Data Entry — Expert July 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to accurately input data and effectively manage databases. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/hjyitk1cmmokjftl Intermediate Word Processing with Microsoft Word — Highly Proficient July 2019 Measures a candidate's knowledge of intermediate Microsoft Word techniques including the use of formatting, Track Changes, and Comments. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/n1wres0arl-u3hz Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information Areas of Expertise:  • Systems & Network Security  • Desktop Installation/Configuration  • OS Hardening & Virtualization  • Firewall Advanced Configuration  • Network Design Elements  • Systems & Networks Monitoring  • Workstation Design Enhancement  • Custom High-Performance PC Builds    • Access Control Methods & Models  • Application Security Technologies  • Vulnerability & Risk Assessment  • Penetration Testing Techniques  • Securing Network Media & Devices  • Physical Security/Authentication  • Encryption/Hashing Concepts  • PKI & Encryption Protocols    • Security Architecture  • SMD LED/Infrared Light Specialist  • CCTV/Clandestine Surveillance  • Client/Host Financial Management  • Redundancy/Disaster Recovery  • Automotive/Electrical Engineering  • Advanced Communication Technologies  • Project Management Proficiency    Technical Proficiencies:  Operating Systems: Windows 98/2000/ME/XP/Vista/7/8/10, Mac OS X, Linux, UNIX  Networking: IP Internetworking, IPSec, SNMP, SSH, DNS, TLS, TCP/IP, HTTPS, Telnet, NetBIOS, WPA, WPA2, WEP HIDS, HIPS, NIDS, NIPS, SIEM, VPN, TLS, DLP, SSID, PPTP, L2TP, Microsoft Visio, Nessus, NetBrute, Wireshark  Software: Microsoft Suite (e.g. Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Access, Outlook), Internet Explorer, Chrome, Microsoft Edge, Safari, Firefox, Norton Antivirus, McAfee Antivirus, Avast Internet Security, Bitdefender Total Security, Microsoft Security Essentials, Windows Defender, Adobe Photoshop/Reader DC/Flash, Bitlocker Encryption, Cain & Abel  Hardware: Cisco Networking Devices (hubs, switches, routers, firewalls), Fiber Optic Cables, HP/Dell/Legacy/IBM Servers, HP/Dell/Asus Desktops, Thermaltake/Rosewill Gaming Desktop Assembly, Apple/Dell/Lenovo Laptops, Apple/Android Mobile Devices, CPU Processors, Motherboards, Graphics Cards, Encryption Keys/Flash Drives