Senior Program Officer - Deputy Director Senior Program Officer - Deputy Director Senior Program Officer - Deputy Director Arlington, VA Recognized multilingual leader with over 15 years of experience leading global teams and spearheading complex multi-million-  dollar programs in Africa, Asia, Latin America, and the Middle East. With a diverse career in government, nonprofit, and the  private sector, has extensive capacity building, monitoring and evaluation (M&E), and security sector reform experience. As a  seasoned security and international relations expert, has delivered risk management services across politically-sensitive,  strategically-challenging, and culturally-diverse environments.    In addition, has crosscutting corporate experience propelling organizations to the next level of strategic growth and expansion,  managing marketing campaigns, and leading institutional information technology ( IT) transformations. Creative problem solver  with a strong background in project management, excellent strategic planning, and data analytics skills. Exceptional leadership  and diplomatic acumen with proven ability to inspire and lead teams while delivering innovative solutions and overseeing scalable  projects, budgets, personnel, and programs. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior Program Officer - Deputy Director Strategic Capacity Group - Tysons, VA 2017 to July 2019 Responsible for overseeing a complex portfolio of programs in challenging security, economic, and political  environments. Managed all programmatic, reporting, operational, and logistical aspect of programs including developing  budgets and monitoring financial expenditures, establishing M&E and performance metrics, managing headquarter and field-based staff, and maintaining excellent donor and stakeholder relations.  • Grew the organization from a small start-up with a three-person team to a well-established organization with over 50  employees worldwide. Singlehandedly built the Asia, Africa, and Latin America practices by securing more than 15  government grants. Relied upon for key business development relationships that promoted exponential growth.  • Provided technical expertise and guidance in the design and execution of host-nation partner capacity building  programming, specialized training and curriculum development, and foreign assistance initiatives. Conceptualized  capacity building programs for numerous countries including in the Philippines, Sri Lanka, Nepal, Senegal, and Kenya.  • Oversaw a multi-million-dollar Department of State-funded project to reform Mali's law enforcement academies to improve security provision for Malian citizens; provided strategic guidance to Malian government officials.  • Successfully led a project for the Export Control and Related Border Security (EXBS) Program to assess the border  capabilities of Tunisia, Libya, and Egypt. Final assessment helped inform U.S. Government policy for Libya.  • Developed strategy for Disarmament, Demobilization, and Reintegration (DDR) for Libya's post-conflict  reconstruction programs. Strengthened strategic partnerships by managing international coordination for DDR projects with key partners from Clingendael Institute and the Danish Demining Group.  • Expertly managed stakeholder engagement, generated buy-in, and regularly provided recommendations to senior  officials in countries such as Thailand, Fiji, and Mexico.  • Managed the core logistics team to successfully build the capacity of the Senegalese Prison Administration to deliver  the first-ever Mock Prison Riot in West Africa.  • Authored winning proposals and successfully secured over $20 million dollars in funding in less than two years from multiple donors including the US Department of State and Defense, the UK Foreign and Commonwealth Office and  the Canadian Government - Global Affairs Canada. IT Project Manager and Senior Digital Marketing Strategist AARP - Washington, DC 2015 to 2016 Successfully performed two roles: digital IT project manager and senior digital marketing strategist. Enthusiastically led  high-performing agile teams in large scale digital projects, digital transformation, and digital product launches.  Digital Product Management:  • Implemented several digital products including AARP's Job Board platform, which yielded a robust revenue stream for the organization, increased digital platform earnings by 99%, and garnered over 3.4 million job postings. Managed the  Job Board project from ideation to fully marketed product. Ensured that each project phase was successfully completed:  requirements gathering, sketches development, wireframes for enhanced user experience (UX), responsiveness and intuitive user interface (UI), widgets, user flows, and usability testing analytical insights to procure a well-vetted digital  product. The Job Board Phase 1 iteration can be found here: https://jobs.aarp.org  • Utilized scrum framework: sprint planning, backlog management, daily stand-ups, and sprint reviews to deliver major  projects on budget and schedule while overcoming significant delays and addressing stakeholders' competing interests.  Digital Marketing and Channel Management:  • Developed and executed AARP's digital content strategy including planning, developing, and managing content for the AARP site, which received more than 32 million visitors per month.  • Oversaw integrated marketing campaigns; efforts led to surpassing year-end engagement goal by almost 300%.  • Bolstered content engagement and increased ad revenue by 150%. Based on data insights gleaned from Adobe Analytics  (Omniture), Tableau, and heat maps, I curated and selected content centered around enterprise priorities. Digital Marketing Director and Project Manger Spark Business Academy - Washington, DC 2014 to 2015 • Managed Spark Business Academy, a small start-up with the mission of providing innovative business and IT courses.  • Led the Academy's digital marketing campaigns via digital, email, paid search, and social. Increased its digital presence  through social media content management and distribution. Successfully increased outreach and enrollment by 80%.  Strategized the Academy's business development efforts, increasing business by 4000% in one year, and helping it grow from a small two-person team with one contract to a 15-person team with over 40 contracts. Senior Foreign Affairs Officer Department of State - Washington, DC 2011 to 2013 • Conducted oversight and project management for a robust portfolio that required in-depth analysis of intelligence, security reform, and political developments in over 30 countries in Europe, the Middle East, and Africa.  • As a border security expert, conducted in-depth assessments of the high-threat environment along the Syrian-Turkish  border. Performed site visits to conflict zones in Gaziantep, Kilis, and Antakya to determine Syria-related U.S. policy.  • At Quantico Marine Corps Base, trained Marine Security Guards to prepare them for deployment to US embassies.  Developed curriculum and taught topics on terrorism, terrorist tactics, and embassy attack case studies.  • Selected to represent the Office of Intelligence Analysis at diplomatic posts in Ankara, Adana, Istanbul, Athens, Berlin, and The Hague. Led workshops, external conferences, and events requesting subject matter expertise. Under Secretary of Defense Department of Defense (DOD) - Pentagon - Washington, DC 2010 to 2011 for Personnel and Readiness (P&R) Acting Chief of Staff  • Exercised keen leadership skills to maintain order amidst chaos. During a departmental reorganization, I identified  inefficiencies and streamlined processes to oversee 14 new offices with over 60 staff reporting to my front office.  Worked 12 - 14-hour days to maintain continuity of operations while exceeding benchmarks.  • Successfully automated processes and increased productivity by 150% at an integral public policy office that oversaw  strategic communications for the Pentagon. Established organizational workflows, operational metrics, and bar code  technologies. Within the first week, set record for most policy actions ever processed. Education Development & Training Director United Nations - Washington, DC 2008 to 2009 • Managed the $10 million-dollar Model United Nations Global Classrooms program.  • Modernized the Model UN Program through innovative initiatives such as developing virtual global classrooms, which connected U.S. students with counterparts in Russia and Ghana. The program increased student engagement by 70%  and promoted global understanding by 80%. Program Manager Grameen Foundation - Washington, DC 2006 to 2008 • Oversaw a $20 million-dollar Microfinance investment portfolio resulting in sustainable investment opportunities in countries such as Colombia, Dominican Republic, Bolivia, Mexico, El Salvador, and Haiti.  • Adeptly managed capital markets and joint venture transactions to increase revenue streams for Microfinance projects;  utilizing bilingual and quantitative skills, communicated statistical and data collection insights to key stakeholders. Education Harvard University Project Management Professional George Mason University - Fairfax, VA University of Oxford English and Philosophy Georgetown University - Washington, DC Skills budget, training, Word, Strategic Planning Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/karen-guevara