Program Manager Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> Program Manager - Ahold Charlotte, NC Work Experience Program Manager Ahold - Salisbury, NC January 2019 to Present • Lead distributed, cross-functional teams to complete a large-scale migration of brand intranets from Google to O365 SharePoint.  • Provide oversight of technical systems integrations and management of software development.  • Investigate new business opportunities and evaluate possible benefits and concerns for future relationships.  • Manage, oversee project expectations, deliverables, and timelines for program development to align projects with the organization's strategic objectives  • Successful in managing and delivering, large scale, complex and multi-vendor IT, Finance- and Business-programs resulting in significant business transformations driving down costs via operational efficiencies and vendor management. Managed budgets up to $5M and project teams of up to >100 individuals in a global setting. IT Project Manager Ahold - Salisbury, NC January 2017 to January 2019 • Managed infrastructure and Data Center build outs and upgrades on time and budget. This included several dozen Data Center facility moves, upgrades, restructurings.  • Project managed strategic initiatives spanning business transformation and change management. Directed and led upgrades to technologies and business systems.  • Managed merger projects that included Modernization and Remediation of UNIX systems, XtremIO data storage and retirement of legacy IBM POWER and storage devices.  • Modernization and Transformation Projects consist of:  ? Brand Intranet Site Migrations - Google to O365 SharePoint  ? AIX Modernization - Retirement of P7 series servers | Implementation of new P8 series servers |(LPM) - Live Partition Mobility + Power VC  ? SVC to XtremIO - Implemented XtremIO | Improved IO performance by 40% |Decommissioned XIV storage array which contributed to $300K in synergy opportunities | Migrated over 300TB of legacy date to new XtremIO storage  ? Linux Modernization - Hardware refresh and VM upgrade (RHEL) Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6.x upgrade to 7.x  ? Server Rationalization - Reduced annual operational costs by $400K and obtained synergy savings by converting AIX LPARS to Red Hat Enterprise Server instances (VM) Technical Delivery Manager Lowe's Corporation - Mooresville, NC May 2015 to December 2016 • Planned, scheduled, coordinated, and executed security vulnerabilities for >4000 UNIX + >3000 Windows servers.  • Engaged UNIX Engineers and Application Teams to improve processes for server builds and vulnerability management.  • Led new VM server builds, Network + Storage provisioning and security policies, etc.  • Managed risk by scheduled testing of security updates and release packages to avoid conflict with application releases/upgrades  • Monitored budget and team resources using Clarity, and MS Project. Technical Project Manager Epic Management L.P - Redlands, CA November 2009 to August 2013 Led infrastructure, hospital and clinical system upgrades, implemented mid-to-large projects with teams of 15-30 SMEs/resources, thus organized/led meetings, facilitated solution discussions.  • Led Infrastructure Data Center, P2V Server Migration, Email Transition (GroupWise to Exchange), LAN upgrades (Cisco Routers, ASA, Firewall, HP Smart Switches, VLAN, Meraki Wireless. Active Directory domain authentication. HW rack/stack /VM ware, and Hyper-V platforms.  • Led PM Infrastructure & Deployment of Windows 7, IE8, Citrix, & Document Management, and Application Readiness Projects..  • Managed and directed corporate office transition for 150 employees including executive personnel. Responsible for: Network Infrastructure, Data Center Design, Environmental, New Cisco VOIP phone system, Disaster Recovery, System Hardware Deployment.  • Managed enterprise Service Desk, Infrastructure, Developers, and Business Analysts to design, develop, test, analyze and implement software applications to support organizational objectives and strategic plans (EMR initiative),  • Successfully implemented over 1000 thin clients, publishing desktop applications via Citrix Xen App.  • Designed and deployed >200 ergonomic workstations for Health environments. Primarily designed for the facilitation of Electronic Medical Records applications. Service Desk Administrator Capital Group Companies - Irvine, CA December 2007 to June 2009 • Application support for Microsoft Windows: NT/2000/2003/XP/Vista, Microsoft Office, Outlook, Lotus Notes.  • Provided hardware support for IBM/Lenovo laptops. Compaq HP Workstations/Servers.  • Responsible for call metrics and pending tickets were closed out and issues resolved. Education Loma Linda University - Loma Linda, CA August 2013 to April 2015 Additional Information Skills Summary  Project Management Technical Competency Leadership  ? Reducing process redundancies  ? Experienced negotiator  ? Scheduling and Cost Control  ? Risk Management  ? Contract Management  ? Critical Thinking  ? Budget Planning  ? Financial Analysis  ? Business Transformation  ? RFS, RFP, RFI, experience    ? Requirements Analysis  ? Architecture  ? Design  ? Integration and testing  ? Middleware technologies: WebSphere, JBoss, Oracle, MQ, Lift, Sterling  ? Platforms: UNIX (AIX, Linux), Windows server platforms.    ? Cross-functional supervision  ? Coaching and mentorship  ? Relationship management  ? Vendor management