Project Manager- IT <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>- <span class="hl">IT</span> Project Manager- IT - Upaya-The Solution, Inc San Jose, CA • Overall 10 years of experience in various roles of various roles of Information technology Project Manager/Lead Business Analyst / Project coordinator in client facing roles in various domains of Banking, Telecom, Food/Retail with key activities in all stages of the project software development life cycle with performed activities as Project Management, Test Management, Release Management, Team Handling,  Resource Mapping, Project Estimation, Planning & Execution, working on multiple platform.  • Excellent knowledge of industry standard methodology Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) such as Waterfall, Agile-Scrum.  • Experience in requirement gathering techniques like JAD Sessions, brainstorming, surveys, Interviews, Story Boarding and Structured Questionnaires.  • Responsible for Working on the estimation, capacity planning of the resources, tracking the milestones, identify risks and work with the team on the preventive and contingency plans.  • Successful ability to prioritize, manages multiple assignments, and directs the work of others to meet deadlines.  • Expertise on Business Analysis, System Analysis and/or Business process improvement.  • Acted as liaison between management and development/test team for requirements and QA.  • Design and review of various documents such as Functional Requirement Document (FRD), Business requirements document (BRD), Use Case Specifications, Functional Specifications (FSD), Requirement Traceability Matrix (RTM).  • Strong experience in Gap Analysis to analyze and compare actual performance against potential performance and identify the key areas, which need to be improved.  • Experience in testing methodologies and conducting Functional Testing, Agile Testing, Integration System Testing, Regression Testing, E2E Testing, Smoke Testing, and Performance Testing.  • Experienced working with flexible schedule to accommodate global business users across time zones and ability to provide leadership to both Offshore/Onshore Teams across different US/India/Canada/Malaysia/Philippines state locations.  • Coordinating experience in preparing project scope, Project Charter, Plans, Schedules, Resource Planning and Status reports.  • Proficient in Business Analysis, Data Analysis, Requirement Analysis, Business Process Modeling, UML diagrams such as Use case models, Activity Diagrams, ER diagrams, swim lane diagrams in MS Visio & Rational Rose.  • Employed tools such as Balsamiq Mockups and iRise to create wireframes, mockups and UI prototypes to capture functional requirements of the proposed application.  • Knowledge and experience with leading Data migration project for Data mapping, ETL, and reporting process.  • Experienced in writing SQL queries for business applications to validate data.  • Expertise in performing User Acceptance Testing (UAT) and worked with stakeholders, business users and have prepared Test plans, Test scenarios, and Test Cases.  • Good understanding of BSA/AML (KYC, SAR, CDD, and EDD, PEP) Fraud Detection and Prevention regulatory requirements.  • Experience in providing L1and L2 Production support, reviewed, analyzed and escalated issues and documented step by step corrective measures.  • Experienced in Defect and Change Management process, Deployment and User training  • Excellent oral and written communication skills combined with financial and business acumen.  • Excellent logical skills for understanding and developing system workflows and well suited for communicating with both Technical and Functional professionals.  • Excellent interpersonal skills in listening, mentoring, negotiating, conflict resolution to deal with people at all levels and ensuring successful communication and written and presentation skills.  • Able to effectively converse, relate and liaise with multi-functional teams, including business owner, stake holders, managers, architects, developers and testers at all levels. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager- IT Upaya-The Solution, Inc - San Jose, CA May 2018 to Present Project Scope:  Project 1 As a Project Manager the scope of project was to do implementation and integration of application for Oracle NetSuite and Salesforce CRM from order to cash and procure to pay and CM integration to help different business units to log their client interaction in a most accurate and efficient way so that it helps to bring in more revenues to the firm.  Project 2: The scope was to implement Advance electronic funds transfer /Bank payment integration for domestic and international subsidiaries .and to re-design the system and support the ERP NetSuite implementation and Salesforce integration    Responsibilities:  • Expertise in managing projects for Implementation /Integration /Data migration until roll out in Oracle ERP NetSuite and Salesforce and post go live /support. Knowledge in Order to cash/ procure to pay /Supply chain/CRM modules. Handled multiple project simultaneously  • Act as the primary point of contact for all project delivery activities for various stakeholders (Product Management, Business, PMO, DEV, Engineering, etc.)  • Responsible for Working on budget, estimation, capacity planning of the resources as per target, tracking the milestones, project health monitoring, release certification identifies risks and work with the team on the preventive and contingency plans.  • Served as a scrum master and lead backlog grooming, sprint planning, daily scrums, and sprint retrospectives.  • Provide input for Release Readiness Reviews, Milestone Reviews, and Business Go/No-Go decision dates.  • Onshore/Offshore team coordination, mentoring, task allocation among team members.  • Being delivery focused closely working (Agile/Scrum model) with Release Management, Client Sr. Delivery Management, Application Program managers, Development/Test Leads from Testing & Triage perspective till release closure of back to back sprints.  • Hosting scrum calls on daily basis for defect burn down, track/follow up for test execution progress & share the status with client/vendor leadership.  • Collaborated and engaged with stakeholders, business owners for JAD/JAM session  • Coordinating with Offshore Project Leads and development team to ensure resources/delivery are properly managed.  • Create and manage Service Level Agreements (SLA). Structure and negotiate significantly complex business relationships to avoid any escalation.  • Responsible for creating the detailed project road map for the team aligning with the project timeline, stake holder expectation worked with MS Project.  • Provide regular project plan updates and status reporting on financial and delivery progress, including weekly executive dashboards  • Assisted in Functional consulting around SaaS applications such as NetSuite and Salesforce.com for small to mid-size implementation projects including setup, configuration, basic customizations, and business process improvement.  • Develop and follow a project communication plan to all stakeholders.  • Collaborate with other IT, QA, validation, and lab personnel involved in the project delivery process.  • Delivery of the full lifecycle of projects assigned providing leadership to deliver on time, within budget and defined scope  • Ensure, through monitoring and project oversight, actively identifying, tracking, reporting, and escalating issues as appropriate to the Sr. management.  • Coordinate the delivery of training with business users, IT, and other appropriate parties  • Facilitate post implementation project reviews and the incorporation of lessons learned back into policies, procedures, and the in-house knowledge base  • Worked on Jira ticketing system and for user request solutions to bugs and system enhancement requests and requirement traceability matrix.  • Owning and managing requirements traceability matrix (RTM), performed NetSuite/salesforce requirement gap analysis and change impact to enable business processes.  • Documented STM (Source to Target Mapping) document for detailing data mappings and business rules.  • Identified various Key Performance Indicators (KPI) for daily, weekly and monthly reporting closely with the design, test and product teams to produce quality solutions  • Experience and Knowledge of Customization /UI, Dashboards /UAT in Salesforce and NetSuite application  • Also worked on Ms Visio for process flow documentation for client documentation.  • Performed Go live sessions/Post go live support. Led Project closure sessions and lessons learned.  • Worked with cross functional teams to develop and implement solutions for the business users used tools like Slack for communication.  • Reviewed daily/weekly work schedule with key stakeholders ensured project milestones and objectives are met for both internal and client projects. Interfaced with Sales group for lead generation and sales prospect products Demos Lead Business Analyst First Republic Bank - San Francisco, CA January 2018 to May 2018 Project: The scope of the project was to implement and enhance Digital Banking Applications focusing on Self Service online and mobile banking actions. Some of the new features implemented and enhanced were Face id optimization for Iphone X, pay bills, manage ebislls, Enhanced look and feel of Mobile check deposit and Send Money using (Zelle) bug fixes for credit card statements.  Responsibilities:    • Captured Business requirements by engaging with stake holder /business process owners and performed gap analysis and delivered solutions.  • Worked with cross functional team and Created and documented Business Requirement Documents (BRD), (FRD) and prepare Use-Case Specifications and translated functional specification (FSD) to tech development team writing user stories and developing wireframe.  • Implemented Agile Scrum SDLC with complete line of traceability for all the artifacts of development projects.  • Facilitated Scrum meetings and supported Product Manager. Managed the product feature backlog prioritized Epics, User Stories and Features and implement key tasks into the release  • Gathered requirements from stakeholders /business users via JAD /JAM session.  • Performed gap analysis and prepared Use Cases, Activity Diagrams using Rational Rose.  • Created and maintained the Requirements Traceability Matrix (RTM) and assisted in UAT testing in Scrum environment across the sprints.  • Involved in UI enhancements and created wireframes in Ms Visio Maintained high quality requirement artifacts  • Used SQL for data manipulation and validation.  • Designed the plan for web services using RESFUL APIs, and SOA and Synchronized with the backend service layer teams in understanding API dependencies for the various business transactions.  • Coordinated with the QA team for UAT Test Cases, Test Plans and Test Scenarios. Participated in Daily scrum meetings, planning, review and retrospective sessions.  • Managed multiple release cycles. Worked towards the continual improvement of the application and bring out ideas for enhancements Business Analyst -Internship Silicon Spectra Inc September 2017 to December 2017 Project: The scope of the project was to enhance the website SALE Page and Friends & Benefits Module. SALE page has  Undergone customizations to streamline the presentation of special offers making it a better shopping experience for our customers.  Responsibilities:    • Worked on Waterfall SDLC methodology.  • Assisted the project manager and the business team in gathering requirements and documenting them in the form  Of business requirements document.  • Proactively communicated and collaborated with external and internal customers to analyse information needs and functional requirements and deliver the following artifacts as needed: (Functional requirements (Business Requirements Document), Use Cases, GUI, Screen and Interface designs).  • Participated in gathering business process requirements from client's facilitated strong engagement with customer business unit to align business requirement in JAM sessions.  • Created prototypes and wireframes in Just in mind for the developing team to understand the overall look of the web page.  Worked on developing the business workflow for the project and Requirement traceability matrix for the Project manager.  • Managed the Change Request and edited the documents accordingly .Wrote Use Case and Use Case Diagrams for the developing team to understand the functional requirement.  • Translated requirements into features and user stories that can be used to design and implement solutions  • Used personalized dashboards, alerts, and bookmarks to deliver snapshots of key performance indicators (KPIs) for online marketing initiatives.  • Utilized Web Analytics to analyze the online trends about frequently visited pages.  • Ensured that all documentation followed the quality standards and publish the artifacts of SDLC and worked on process tools (Rally/ Just in mind, Ms Office).Performed SQL queries to pull user-specific data and data responsive to particular user queries as people navigate their sites.  • Collaborated with user interface web designers to create screen layouts with emphasis on user friendliness, clarity and consistency with applications and standards.  • Supported Production support team and conducted UAT and KT session. Project Coordinator/ Lead Business System Analyst Vodafone Shared Services Private Limited July 2013 to August 2014 Project: Worked for Vodafone shares services UK - Project EVO a new global transformational model based on a single, integrated ERP SAP solution delivering a common suite of applications. Vodafone operate as a global business, maximizing the benefits of a core business model and the use of shared services for finance, HR and supply chain.    Responsibilities:  • Assisted the Project using hybrid waterfall and Agile Methodology. Supporting the Project Manager in managing the project process, creation and maintenance of project artifacts - schedules, documents, and templates.  • Analyzed and solved incidents and problems and documented as per Vodafone Germany's processes.  • Identified gaps in business operations and suggested solutions. Functional support to SAP Master Data Management.  • Collaborated well with the business representatives, solution architects and technical teams for solution development.  Analyzed the business processes and systems while being involved in solution design from early stages.  • Collaborated with the product owner in conducting Scrum ceremonies including Sprint planning, Sprint review and Sprint retrospective sessions participated in daily scum meeting to prioritize work.  • Developed solutions and mitigation plans where needed and managed project escalation issues as SPOC  • Responsible for project documentation, such as business process maps and work breakdown structures. Business Analyst Shalini Foods Private Limited June 2011 to December 2012 Project Scope: This Company in the industry for manufacturing milk and milk products started in 2009 engaged in providing our customers a superior quality range of Milk and Milk products. The scope of the project was to develop a website and mobile application better business opportunity.    Responsibilities:  • Involved in implementation of the website and mobile application and business development of the company for CRM application development using an Agile scrum methodology approach of SDLC to the project and prepared presentations.  • Created Business Requirements Document, System Analysis and Integration specifications documents and reviewed with business and team for approvals before detailed design document was created.  • Involved in creating Use Cases and workflow diagrams and part of scrums, sprint planning, sprint reviews.  • Planning and document procedures for data processing and prepare data flow diagrams for the application.  • Working on databases to query data and generate reports for business applications and validate data and various other tasks using SQL.  • Employed tools such as Balsamiq Mockups to create UML diagrams, wireframes and screen mockups to capture functional requirements of the proposed application.  • Created and Involved in UAT and systems demos user acceptance testing UAT plans with test cases to ensure the system works as per proposed plan.  • Coordinating the change request process and using JIRA to maintain requirements and track the changes.  • Facilitate walkthroughs with the stakeholders of the project including the technical users to design complete and detailed test plans and test cases.  • Facilitated hands on Training and prepared user manuals for the Business users Analyst-Advisory KPMG - IN January 2009 to May 2011 Project: Worked as Business analyst for Client in banking (AML, KYC) and International tech company verification services as an analyst research.    Responsibilities:  • Applied business practices, defined, analyzed and documented business requirements (BRD) (FRD) and worked with cross functional teams to provide solutions.  • Worked in waterfall Software development methodology approach.  • Wrote a variety of technical documentation for internal and external use (client user guides, manuals) documenting development, database, and information architecture through SharePoint  • Conducting Risk assessment & Integrity Due diligence, AML, KYC (CDD, EDD) for High, Medium and Low Risk Customers as per the Policy.  • Identifying patterns of suspicious transaction activity (SAM) and investigate suspected cases related to money laundering or related financial crimes and remediate Client documentation where required in accordance with Regulatory Requirement.  • Prepared MIS reports using and also risk rating using dashboards.  • Understanding of AML/KYC /SAM /SAR reports and procedures.  • Identified list of politically exposed persons (PEPs), and government sanctioned countries, organizations, and individuals for watch list filtering.  • Performed data analysis on client and transaction data.  • Define AML monitoring and data transformation scenarios; understand and document business and workflow scenarios.  • Performed the sanity check on the applications and worked with developers to review modules for compliance purposes. Identified errors issues and completeness for transaction monitoring.  • Worked with the world check, K-check, E discovery software with ETL team and provided all the data required for the end to end workflow of the modules, customer risk monitoring and reporting by creating data mapping document using Bank internal/ KYC database.  • Identify, track, document and manage issues, constraints and assumptions.  • Performed the day-to-day operational responsibilities for accurately researching, analyzing, evaluating and documenting AML Know Your Customer (KYC) information.  • Conducted user acceptance testing(UAT),SIT testing with the business users and SME's Business Process Associate/ Consultant Infosys Limited June 2006 to December 2008 Project 1:AT&T, SBC USA- Implementation of ERP SAP from legacy system till Go Live/Production support. (SAP Netweaver portal ECC.)  Project 2: Discover Financial Services, US -rollout of new banking products and services Finacle was used by DFS's banking platform strategy and support all banking products. DFS also built its enterprise CRM system called Atlas.  • Understanding business requirement and worked on the ticket request for roles ,users, customization of forms/reports  • Documented the requirement changes via change and release management  • Supported partnering team from non-sap systems with development team and leads to identify opportunities for better collaboration and process improvements.  • Offshore lead for a team of 4 and played a lead role in Assisting with the business use case, planning and monitoring activities, requirements management, analysis and communication.  • Monitoring of queue and exception fallouts in SAP ECC SXMB_MONI Production batch reports and resolution of any issues within SLA of 24 hours in BMC Remedy  • Multitasked in quick paced environment and good team player. Analyzing and providing resolution for critical defects in stipulated time.  • Client Interaction for fixing the Business Rules and Requirements gathering, Preparation of mapping templates for technical data migration team.  • Supported Technical team in Tier1 and Tier2 level of support post release.  • Bug fixes for shipments in Order Management, Billing, and Inventory. Gap analysis of existing process and Root Cause Analysis of defects.  • Supported three-tier landscape Development, Testing and Production (DEV, QAS, and PRD) in all SAP systems.  • Functional analysis of various master data related issues Responsible for data consistency & cleansing. Customizations and configurations in R/3 systems.  • Updating existing Use case models and process flows as per strategic business process the changes.  • Coordinated the team from onsite and monitored the end to end process of the application. Education Master's Degree of Science in Engineering Management in Engineering Management International Technological University Master's Degree in Business Administration in Business Administration Sikkim Manipal University Bachelor of Commerce in Business Management Goa University Skills Bugzilla, Jira, Rally, Crm, Erp