Tier 3 Phone and Internet Repair Specialist Tier 3 Phone and Internet Repair Specialist Tier 3 Phone and Internet Repair Specialist - Charter - Spectrum Communications Colorado Springs, CO Work Experience Tier 3 Phone and Internet Repair Specialist Charter - Spectrum Communications 2018 to Present 2018 - Present  Assisted phone and internet customer with technical and customer service issues in a fast paced, high volume call center.  Tier 3 Phone and Internet Repair Specialist  ? Diagnosed and resolved advanced networking issues using proprietary tools and software.  ? De-escalated complex customer service issues while also building rapport with irate customers.  ? Engaged in constant training to stay ahead of upcoming potential problems related to the release of new software from a multitude of providers.  ? Maintained a high standing in the company as well as helping my team become #1 in the center.  ? Assisted colleagues in the resolution of difficult to solve customer or technology related issues. Assistant Project Manager/Office Manager/ IT Manager Gateway Maintenance - Colorado Springs, CO 2017 to 2018 Colorado Springs, CO 2017 - 2018  Created systems to help in the successful operation of a small construction company.  Assistant Project Manager/Office Manager/ IT Manager  ? Triaged and scheduled maintenance work, dispatching technicians based on skill set and job type.  ? Created organizational systems to assist in establishing a smooth day-to-day work flow.  ? Provided direct client contact for all portions of the project, from conceptualization to completion.  ? Acted as liaison and the 1st point of contact between the client and the vendors, as necessary.  ? Accurately input all data for the job, including time, cost, and logistical info to ensure accurate billing.  ? Ensured completion of all work orders in a timely manner and in emergency scenarios.  ? Managed all technological assets and ensured their functionality by accurately cataloging, maintaining, and providing user support as needed.  ? Performed in-office desktop support tasks, including Active directory and Exchange Server.  ? Acted as the primary point of contact for all field issues, including tech, mechanical, and logistical problems as they arose.  ? Subcontracted jobs to separate vendors for any out-of-scope work.  ? Actively tracked all work throughout the day, using software tracking and point-of-contact to ensure that all work was being completed in a timely manner and with the utmost attention to quality and detail.  ? Acted as HR director, approving time off, hiring and terminating employees as needed, and coordinating vacation with employees to ensure company and employee needs were met. Sales Associate Nation Sales Center for Maid Brigade - Colorado Springs, CO 2016 to 2017 Provided support to local offices in a fast-paced, home-based call center environment.  ? Provided house-cleaning quotes to prospects for local offices.  ? Input customer information across several different internal systems to provide easy recovery of records.  ? Routed out of scope calls to the local offices such as customer service calls.  ? Supported colleagues' computers by providing remote technical support for issues as they arose.  ? Ensured effective execution of cleaning service by accurately documenting details about the needs and wants of the customer.  ? Performed desktop support tasks for staff and managers. Project Coordinator FedEx Office - Colorado Springs, CO 2014 to 2016 Worked the production and shipping counters at a small FedEx store.  • Ran full service production machines for a number of different types of printing jobs.  • Ran the shipping counter, providing customers with total shipping solutions.  • Assisted colleagues and customers by responding to emails, answering phones, preparing online orders and bids for customers, and quality checking completed jobs.  • Built complicated orders for customers both in-store and out-sourced using design software, often requiring set-up of difficult jobs and troubleshooting issues with files and content.  • Resolved small scale IT issues as necessary within my center.  • Performed basic desktop support tasks. Technical Support Specialist, IT Technician Genesis Financial Technologies - Colorado Springs, CO 2012 to 2013 Filled many roles in the support department of a small Trading software company.  • Provided phone, chat and email support in a small technology center using remote assistance software.  • Produced software training videos for the company to use to educate clients on use of the software.  • During a natural disaster, went beyond the call of duty and coordinated telecommuting support while the office was evacuated, providing support even in times of personal distress.  • Provided clients with customized coding algorithms, functions, and criteria scans using the company's proprietary coding language.  • Provided Tiers 1,2, and 3 support, being the final eye on an issue before it was sent to development.  • Tested new software, including software alphas and betas, and reported directly to development for the discussion of potential issues.  • Viewed multi-line code to determine causes of issues in communication between the brokers servers, our platform and servers, and the broker's API platform.  • Provided direct support for VIP clients, including new accounts with other companies, often solving software issues for entire companies or brokerages.  • Provided desktop support for employee hardware and software, including Active Directory and Exchange server. Technician American Fork, UT 2009 to 2010 Provided technical support to customers for both virus and Spyware related issues, and for Franklin Covey planning software.    • Managed in-house and 3rd party antivirus software.  • Troubleshot issues related to Windows/Microsoft and other manufacturers.  • Used remote desktop software to connect to and repair customers' computers.  • Diagnosed issues on the spot, usually while the customer was watching.  • Created detailed work orders and logs of interactions with customers in a browser based Customer Tracking System.  • Troubleshot issues with Boot-Camp and Parallels, which allow the use of Windows in an Apple environment.  • Dealt with quick transitions between happy and irate customers.  • Helped with installation related issues.  • Setup and troubleshot mobile devices.  • Assisted in providing desktop support for employee hardware and software, including Active Directory and Exchange Server. Education Oscar Smith High School