Program/ Project Manager Program/<span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Program/ Project Manager Auburn, WA Successful Program/ Project Manager highly experienced with change management, systems integration, process improvement, business transformation, and cross-functional team leadership. Well diversified across a portfolio of project sizes from large projects with $1M+ budgets to small projects delivered in less than 3 months. Over 9 years of experience implementing projects full cycle – from conceptualization, requirements gathering, design, development, SIT, UAT, to go-live and post production support. Enjoys working and collaborating across a diverse range of people – IT, business owners, stakeholders, end users, external vendors, etc. – to deliver new systems and processes. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Program/ Project Manager Intelliswift Software/Amazon September 2018 to Present Manage Amazon's $300MM+ intricate internal inventory transfers program for Device Accounting.  • Managed, mapped, updated, created, and delivered systems and processes for Amazon's Device Accounting team  • Created a detailed 65 page transfers guide and playbook.  • Reduced program complexity and financial churn by establishing SLAs with operations for transfers in-transit and actively managing transfers beyond SLA.  • Increased reporting efficiency by helping to automate transfer reports and eliminating 100% of manual report prep work for Finance Ops team, saving 620+ man hours/year, as well as decreasing the complexity of daily operations.  • Migrated and revamped team's SharePoint from version 2010 to 2016, with an improved UI. Manager, Business Process Reengineering Razer - Singapore September 2015 to February 2018 Lead the system and business transformation of the company's B2C eCommerce business from an indirect model to a direct-to-consumer model. Managed online Sales & Marketing related projects from conception to delivery. Oversaw online store backend business functional and system changes.  • Achieved $1.2M+/yr in annual cost savings  • Implemented SAP Hybris, an eCommerce platform, across 18 countries, 4 languages, and 6 currencies.  • Deployed a new tax engine, 2 online payment gateways, a 3rd party online fraud validation system, Hybris integration with SAP, 3PL integration with SAP, and SalesForce integration with Hybris.  • Onboard a new legal entity for managing digital transactions, digital currencies, and reward currencies.  • Revamped and automated Order Management, Customer Care, Logistics, Finance, Tax, and Returns processes.  • Successfully completed over 650 enhancements, change requests, and bug fixes for the online store and related backend operations in a 1 year period utilizing 1-3 week Sprints.  • Managed 10 different 3rd party vendors across 3 different regions and time zones - HCC, Born, E&Y, Thomson Reuters, PayPal, WorldPay, CashShield, Galvantrix, Kerry Logistics, and Amazon Web Services (AWS).  • Co-authored the company’s first Retail Playbook and helped launch Razer’s 1st own & operated retail store. Project Management Office (PMO) Apple - Singapore January 2013 to January 2015 Served as PMO for a team of around 28 project managers (BPRs). Provided control and support to project managers by establishing standards and processes, providing guidance, training, tools and templates, and enforcing a structured end-to-end project methodology.  • Oversaw the BPR team's portfolio of around 130 projects annually.  • Achieved 98% on-time, within budget, delivery of projects across the team.  • Established a management system for conducting regular cadences between team leaders and stakeholders.  • Implemented new tools and processes to improve team efficiencies and further standardizations.  • Built a team competencies matrix  • Developed a new hire on-boarding program consisting of 36 training courses for the project management team.  • On-board 16 new hires into the team from 2013 to 2014; more than doubling the team's size.  • Lead the creation of the cross-functional Pacific Operations Portal and the Pac Ops Training Site, an online knowledge repository with over 1200+ pages of content.  • Produced monthly executive reports to communicate the team's project execution status to key executives and senior management; highlight achievements, do spotlights, set expectations, call-out risks and challenges, etc.  • Created a resource tracker to help manage resourcing for all potential and active projects.  • Drove standardization and compliance to the Project Management Methodology across the team. Business System and Process Manager Apple - Singapore December 2010 to December 2012 Managed cross functional and cross organizational teams (e.g. demand and supply planning, materials management, logistics, vendor management, order management, finance, tax, legal, trade and compliance, IT, etc.) as a Business Process Re-engineering project manager to define, build, and implement system and business process solutions to drive revenue, reduce costs, increase efficiencies, and improve supply chain scalability.  • Increased revenue by a projected $21M per year and reduced annual cost of product returns by an estimated $14M by reengineering cross-functional end-to-end processes and systems.  • Reduced business risk and boosted business scalability by adding a new legal entity into the backend finance and tax structure.  • Managed and lead 12 functional teams, 73 testers, in executing 905 test scripts for UAT.  • Organized and compiled a references guide 195 pages long capturing various detailed operations related functional processes including order management, logistics, material master, procurement, supply demand planning and execution, third party products, refurbishment, and customer care.  • Standardized the regional and cross regional goods transfer process between China and APAC/US.  • Provided ongoing project analysis, resolved project challenges, controlled scope creep, and communicated regular project status to keep projects on track. Operations IT Program Manager Microsoft - Singapore July 2008 to December 2009 • Defined and implemented a business model to champion and track system & tool enhancements for Singapore and the Asia Pacific region; establishing the framework and process where none existed before.  • Implemented a new Open license return model for the Asia Pacific region, which resulted in reducing returns by 36% versus the prior year; recurring savings estimated at $4.7M USD annually.  • Improved Open license return aging within the 0-30 days bucket from 57% to 80% (for ICAP ex China).  • Reduced COGS by an estimated $49K USD annually (ICAP ex China & Korea) by increasing the number of returns with processing fees applied from 49% to 66% for Open license returns over 30 days.  • Successfully rolled out a new End User Name Address Change form for Australia and New Zealand, making it possible for partners/customers to make name and/or address changes without having to submit a replacement order and cancelling the incorrect license.  • Revised the license return process by standardizing the approval process across all ICAP (ex China) countries; enabling consistency and control over returns.  • Successfully migrated Order Management data reports from a manual process to an automated one; increasing productivity, consistency, and reliability while eliminating 100+ work hours per year. Education Associate Skills Business operations, Change management, Operations, Ecommerce, Sharepoint, Program Management, Project Management Certifications/Licenses Six Sigma Greenbelt Present Driver's License Additional Information AREAS OF EXPERTISE    • Program/ Project Management  • Process Design/Redesign  • Six Sigma DMAIC  • Change Management  • Cross-Functional Team Leadership  • eCommerce  • Vendor Management  • Supply Chain Operations  • Business Operations  • System/Tools Support    TECHNICAL SKILLS  • SAP • Hybris • Outlook • Excel • Word • Google Doc  • Jira • Keynote • PowerPoint • Numbers • Pages • Google Sheet  • Visio • MS Project • SharePoint • Access • Office365 • Tableau