IT Project Coordinator <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> Coordinator IT Project Coordinator - Insys Group Tampa, FL Work Experience IT Project Coordinator Insys Group May 2018 to Present Contracted by staffing agency Insys Group to work on a contract as a project coordinator/global onboarding specialist for Citigroup. Global Onboarding Specialist Citigroup May 2018 to Present Manage procurement activities associated with technology, facilities and office services support regarding renewals of Master Service Agreements (MSA) and Statement of Work (SOW)  ? Utilize Fieldglass to manage external workforces, including contractors, temporary workers, contingent labor, and statement of work (SOW) employees. Includes creating SOW uploading corresponding documents to Fieldglass and receiving work orders from external suppliers to fulfill onboarding request.  ? Track receipt and completion of high volume SOW requests which includes creations and amendments of SOW via Renault, assigning each created SOW and amendment with a Renault ID  ? Utilize Renault to ensure SOW project budget is reflected accurately. Includes adding and removing monies from SOW and updating project milestones for future payments and refunds as needed. Routing for senior financial approval if project budget exceeds $5,000,000  ? Utilize Sharepoint tracker to monitor all onboarding SLA times from inception to end  ? Develop relationships with internal and external clients to achieve project goals and company objectives  ? High volume onboarding for multiple regions in compliance with Citibank NEOD requirements handling an upwards of 200+ onboardings per week. Includes validating Non-Employee Onboarding Documents, running sanctions, interpreting fingerprinting results, education verification and obtaining HR approvals as needed.  ? Ensuring contractor timesheets are submitted and updated  ? Run various reports to ensure metrics and data quality  ? In charge of the Maintenance of over 150+ vendors and a portfolio 55,000+ records  ? Provides external marketplace knowledge of the latest in technology, facilities and office services dynamics, trends, benchmarks and best practice  ? Management of queries addressed by Citi global branches and other Citi units HR Coordinator /Quality Assurance Rescare February 2018 to May 2018 Assisted applicants with the hiring process and ensured completion of each step on the "road to employment" (ex. pre-employment screening, interviewing, job offer, licensure, reference checks,  screenings, etc.)  ? Acted as face-to-face applicant support at the branch level  ? Conducted local recruitment activity including pre-screening applicants and outreach to current and former employees regarding available opportunities  ? Represented the local branch in Job Fairs/Hiring Events/Local Staffing Initiatives  ? Maintained up-to-date employment records (personnel, medical/confidential, I-9, WOTC, FMLA  etc.)  ? Completed data entry in required employment, payroll and scheduling systems (ADP Enterprise, Point of Care, PeopleSoft, Cornerstone, Workday etc.)  ? Conducted compensation analysis on internal and external salary statistics  ? Configured pay grades and evaluating new employee titles and ongoing reclassification.  ? Coordinated required training, screenings and certification completions  ? Ensured compliance with Federal, State, & ResCare requirements (initial and annual compliance, ResCare-specific mandates)  ? Conducted periodic/scheduled audits of employee files  ? Conducted suspicion of use screening/facilitate on-site drug alcohol Customer Service Manager Optum (UHG) January 2018 to May 2018 Supervised day-to-day operations in the customer service department.  ? Created effective customer service procedures, policies, and standards.  ? Developed customer satisfaction goals and coordinate with the team to meet them on a steady basis.  ? Assessed service statistics and prepared detailed reports on findings  ? Hired and trained new customer service agents  ? Manage the approved budget of the customer service department.  ? Stay informed on the latest industry techniques and methods.  ? Managed 200+ customer service associates  ? Evaluated and authorized approval of prior authorization requests  ? Researched, resolved, and documented prior authorizations  ? Signed off on all associate time cards and adjusted time cards as needed Staffing Manager The Hebrew Home at River Spring January 2016 to December 2017 Managed 6 direct reports (Staffing Coordinators)  ? Was responsible for Staffing (Floating, calling in and flexing staff for each shift)  ? Created a master schedule for all shifts for Nurses and CNA (600+ employees)  ? In charge of customer service excellence  ? Onboarded of Nurses, CNA's and LPN's of 600+ dept.  ? Verified background documents, certificates, licenses, conduct background checks and document  ? Negotiated pay rate and benefits packages including review of annual raises if applicable  ? Managed applicant tracking  ? Managed new employee orientation  ? Processed Payroll and Scheduling (Kronos, ADP, Workday HCM)  ? Processed sick time, vacation, bereavement, leave of absence (Paid/Unpaid), workers compensation and FMLA  ? Negotiated Union contracts  ? Conducted employee eligibility verification and investigation  ? Managed Department outsourced, and terminations and downsizing  ? CNA Prometric Verification (https://registry.prometric.com/)  ? Nurse License Verification (http://www.op.nysed.gov/opsearches.htm) HR Manager/Onboarding Manager Uncommongoods May 2014 to December 2015 Onboarded permanent/seasonal team members, including: Processing all new hire documentation, including seasonal offer letters of Scheduling orientation sessions and ensure each orientation session is full Lead orientation modules making sure orientation is smooth o Maintain E-verify and the maintenance of electronic and hard copy files  ? Entered team member data into ADP WFN  ? Off boarded permanent/seasonal team members, including:  ? Wrote termination letters and severance packages  ? Teamed up with Community Support to assist departing team members have a smooth transition  ? Answered team member inquiries and resolved problems.  ? Tracked employee compensation/benefits and payroll hours (PTO, Vacations, Sick days, etc.)  ? Ran reports as needed for employee equity  ? Scheduled meetings and maintain shared calendars Uncommongoods May 2013 to December 2015 Customer Service Lead/Quality Assurance Supervisor Uncommongoods May 2013 to May 2014 Acted as an advocate for our customers in all customer interactions.  ? Provided service to our customers via phone (SoftPhone), email (Zendesk) and chat (Live Chat).  ? Placed orders with customers, answer questions about our product and services.  ? Identified customer problems, reported it correctly, and provided customers with solutions to the problem.  ? Supervised 25-30 direct reports per shifts assigned. During holidays I would supervise 30-50 direct reports.  ? Followed up with customers on any outstanding matters and provided additional assistance as needed  ? Worked with management on customer service initiatives.  ? Utilized social media to respond to customer complaints and praise. Customer Service Manager/Logistics Manager Burlington Coat Factory April 2010 to April 2013 CSLM (Special Projects Manager))    ? Managed Burlington's leading Brooklyn Store - volume store, with sales of approximately $80,000 daily.  ? In charge of Customer Service throughout the entire store  ? Handled all merchandising, inventory control, ordering, cash control, and maintenance.  ? Oversaw store opening and closing procedures.  ? Directed sales floor activities, assist customers and address customer concerns.  ? Inputted data to prepare daily sales reports and regularly use weekly and monthly data to develop sales and promotional strategies.  ? Hired, trained, and coordinated a staff of 50-150 direct reports  ? ADP-WFN Payroll (In store HR)  ? Worked with Burlington corporate professionals to develop local marketing and advertising strategies, supplementing national campaigns.  ? Inspired sales staff to develop and implement special promotions and events.  ? Controlled profit and loss daily; maintained accountability for period-end reporting.  ? Managed Payroll and scheduling  ? Evaluated every task in the context of dollars available and product sold.    Achievements:  ? Turned around a low performing store to a top performance store within 7 months  ? Earned the title of "Special Projects Manager" due to the ability to organize and execute large scale department reorganization, including refits and retrofits for new products.  ? As special project manager assisted in developing a new inventory system for the E-Commerce branch.  ? Earned Title of "Inventory Captain" due to executing the "Back Room Project" and fixing the on-hands with a team of 8 in 11 stores  ? Received the "Customer Service Excellence Sales Award" for exceeding customer service metrics and sales goals. Education A.S. in Mental Health & Human Services Kingsborough Community College Skills Adp, Payroll, Benefits, Benefits analysis, Change management, Talent management, Hris, Organizational skills, Workday, Sap, Project plans, Data analysis, Data integrity, Linux, Ms office, Pivot tables, Sow, Vendor management, Program management, Roi Additional Information Skills  MS Office Suite (Pivot Tables, Macros), Adobe InDesign CS6, Photoshop, Mac OSX, Windows OS, Linux OS, ADP (Payroll), Production Orders, Logistics, Order Management, Sales Team, Public Speaking, Interpersonal Communication, Leadership, Relationship Building,Teamwork, Team Managemernt, Project Management, Project Plans, Project Metrics, Business Systems, Problem Solving, Data Analysis, Data Interpretation, Data Integrity, Compensation & Benefits Analysis, Training & Development, Program Management, Strategic Planning, Organizational Skills, Social media, Databases, HRIS Software (iCIM, Workday, ADP etc.) eSIMS, Sales force, Cyber Source, Border Free, Zendesk, SOW, SAP, Vendor Management, Application Support, Non-Employee Workforce Labour Sourcing, Planning, Resource & Location Strategy, Category Sourcing and Vendor consolidation,Workforce optimization and Rate Card development & analysis, Management Control Assessment and Risk Mitigation, Sourcing and Talent Management process improvement design & implementation, Change Management, Business Performance Impact & ROI measurement