Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager - Verizon Raleigh, NC Work Experience Project Manager Verizon - Cary, NC May 2017 to Present • Conduct project kick-off meetings to communicate individual roles and project expectations and ensure that all project team members have the tools and information required to perform effectively.  • Understand a project's scope and create a schedule for the project's deliverables/requirements.  • Facilitate team meetings, providing meeting minutes and action items where needed.  • Build strong communication channels with internal stakeholders in various departments: Sales, Professional Services, IT Operations, Development teams, Release Management, Networking.  • Monitor and evaluate projects on an ongoing basis to track each aspect of project performance against scope, schedules, time, budget, and quality.  • Manage issue/risk resolution process and take corrective action as necessary.  • Gather, report, and record milestones and measures of success.  • Ensure smooth communication within the project team and other cross-functional teams.  • Prepare/update project status reports, process invoices, update tracking reports, and maintain files and documents for historical reference.  • Demonstrate a proactive focus on meeting client and project requirements, in a timely and cost-effective manner.  • Adhere to a standardized Project Management format, and process guidelines.  • Work with the Resource Manager/Directors to implement resource strategy to implement sourcing schedule to ensure workforce coverage. IT Asset Manager/Coordinator Blue Cross Blue Shield - Durham, NC August 2016 to October 2017 • Managed day-to-day operational aspects of the asset management platform  • Developed and deployed asset management processes across Global IT in alignment with the IT Service Management (ITSM) framework based on ITIL guidelines  • Collaborated with applicable groups within IT and related partners (i.e. Facilities, Finance, etc.) during the Asset Management design process to ensure business requirements are being met by proposed solution  • Maintained validation and certification of software applications  • Maintained global inventory reconciliation, IT disposal, and software maintenance  • Managed vendor relationships for IT software purchases  • Identified savings opportunities for renewals, software licensing, and services. Follow through with vendors to obtain identified savings  • Managed software license keys and proof of ownership documents ensuring worldwide local site contacts can retrieve them  • Ensured support of Global Software Custodians in processes of collecting and reporting on software usage and compliance  • Delivered guidance to IT Service Analyst 1's  • Managed dashboard data  • Created and support multiple reports  • Established support for senior management Intern Project Manager North Carolina Central University - Durham, NC May 2015 to July 2016 • Established support for Senior Managers in the delivery of multiple projects and their objectives.  • Orchestrated a multi-disciplined team  • Identified and executed the Initiation, Planning, Implementation, and closing stages  • Managed Planned, tracked and reports on project performance  • Developed agenda for meetings  • Managed project Issue and  • Ensured that project documents were complete, current and appropriately stored  • Oversaw weekly project meetings  • Delivered metrics to Senior Managers  • Create detailed quality reports for Management and Stakeholders  • Initiated reconciliation of project costs Education Master of Business Administration in Business Administration North Carolina Central University 2014 to 2016 Master of Information Systems in Business Administration Shaw University 2007 to 2012 Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/rodneycallwood Certifications/Licenses ITIL v3 October 2017 to Present