Sr. Enterprise Agile Coach Sr. Enterprise Agile Coach Enterprise Agile Coach Laveen, AZ Dynamic Sr. Agile Coach with track record of driving culture of productivity based on Scrum, Kanban, & SAFe principles Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr. Enterprise Agile Coach Pyramid Consulting Group, LLC - Tempe, AZ April 2019 to Present Coach enterprise agility to multiple business units/organizations. Focused on business process optimization and improved predictability based on client needs. Facilitate and create training materials for new and advanced agile topics. Agile Coach ITC Infotech (Optum/UHG) - Phoenix, AZ May 2018 to April 2019 Coach for community and state line of business, coaching agile best principles for all roles (leadership, programs, projects, RTE’s, program managers, product owners, development teams, and scrum masters) aligning with agile transformation in all areas. Enterprise Agile Coach / Product Owner American Airlines - Phoenix, AZ November 2015 to May 2018 Carry primary responsibility for logistics and training within Agile circle of excellence including driving Agile adoption throughout Phoenix corporate office. Guide and motivate two Agile coaches and consult with diverse internal teams to assess requirements, design strategies, and deploy training and development initiatives that decrease delivery time, increase feedback loops, and accelerate organizational performance. Work directly with VPs, Managing Directors, Directors, and employees to streamline transition from traditional project methodology to Agile methodology.  Selected Contributions:  • Advanced team engagement from five teams to 50+ teams by providing training and mentoring on Agile values, principles and practices, and frameworks such as Scrum, Kanban, and SAFe.  • Decreased employee turnover by implementing process to build cohesion among distributed teams and championing Management 3.0 practices.  • Catapulted Agile enterprise training attendance by 138% and slashed no-shows by 10%, achieving 266% increased adoption across actively coached teams and 88% increase in Agile maturity. Sr. Project Manager American Airlines February 2014 to October 2015 Instituted continuous improvement plans, developed new and existing project leads, and supported product owners and teams in Agile transformation. Worked in tandem to merge two financial systems and deliver new program across entire organization. Administrated budget for entire organization, successfully eliminating unnecessary and duplicate expenses related to merger.  Selected Contributions:  • Captured cost savings of $50K/month while managing departmental budget of $7.2M.  • Delivered first merger-related program implementation of unified accounting system within stringent eight-month timeline and under budget, which was adopted as benchmark for future programs.  • Replaced batch with continuous integration processes allowing for real-time data management and processing throughout mainframe environment. IT Analyst / Accountant Hyatt Regency Phoenix - Phoenix, AZ September 2012 to January 2014 Reimaged and rebuilt computers, troubleshot Windows, configured wireless access points, and ensured consistent back-end functionality and network connected with corporate. Managed general ledger and oversaw cashier's office processing of $400K weekly. Championed implementation of corporate initiatives such as phone system upgrades from landlines to VOIP. Project Manager Ace Transportation Az. LLC - Phoenix, AZ January 2010 to September 2012 Managed human resources, IT, marketing, and sales across three separate driving school locations in Arizona. Set up unified CRM connected across locations to facilitate consistent communication and deliver outstanding customer experiences. Created and delivered training content for both "train the trainer" and end user scenarios. Education Master of Science in Information Systems and Technology Management / Project Management Capella University 2016 Bachelor of Science in Computer Information Systems Arizona State University - Phoenix, AZ 2010 Asso in Busines Phoenix College - Phoenix, AZ Skills Scrum Master, Transformation, Scrum, Agile Scrum, Jira, Lean, CSM, Waterfall Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/Bryan-Agosto Certifications/Licenses Certified Scum Professional March 2017 to March 2021 Project Management Professional (PMP) June 2013 to June 2022 Certified Professional Agile Coaching ICP-ACC August 2016 Certified Professional Agile Facilitation ICP-ATF March 2017 Management 3.0 Facilitator March 2017 Certified ScrumMaster (CSM) August 2016 to March 2021 Scaled Agile Framework SA May 2017 to July 2020 ICP-ENT June 2019 to Present Agility in the enterprise ICP-CAT June 2019 to Present Coaching agile transitions Professional Scrum Product Owner April 2019 to Present Scrum.org Professional Scrum with Kanban I June 2018 to Present Scrum.org Professional Scrum Developer June 2018 to Present Scrum.org Scaled Professional Scrum July 2018 to Present Scrum.org Professional Agile Leader April 2019 to Present Scrum.org Additional Information - Key Qualifications -  • Proven track record of supporting implementation of Agile testing, development, Scrum practices, and architecture and facilitating holistic approach to maturing teams.  • Adept at managing multiple concurrent initiatives, working with both groups and individuals, and leveraging key performance indicators to continuously evolve processes.  • Compelling, conversational presenter with success delivering effective trainings to groups of all sizes, communicating on both technical level and in laymen terms, with ability to gain buy-in from key stakeholders at all levels; English/Spanish bilingual.  • Proficient in Prezi & Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access); knowledge of software development life cycle (SDLC), quality assurance (QA) and testing.