IT Specialist <span class="hl">IT</span> Specialist IT Specialist Hamilton, OH Looking to improve upon my current skill set and to learn new technologies. Work Experience IT Specialist Everything but the House - Blue Ash, OH August 2018 to Present Job duties include configuring and supporting various Apple products including MacBook Pro/Air, iPads both standard/minis, and preparing iPhones for use by activating SIM cards and confirming they have all the apps they need. Managing apps that are installed via DEP thru Cisco Meraki portal. Assisting in maintaining the wireless network which makes up 99% of the connections. Supporting various sites throughout North America, along with sending them any and all equipment they need. Using Google products such as gSuites and gPanel to create email accounts, distribution lists, and maintaining them. Assigning and supporting Microsoft Office 365 licenses. Local Site IT Manager Startek - Hamilton, OH January 2017 to August 2018 Responsibilities include maintaining and repairing over 600 computers site wide. Troubleshooting hardware and software for multiple models of desktops and laptops that are used for businesses such as Sprint and Cincinnati Bell. Imaging multiple training rooms for what Line of Business is in training. Maintaining projection systems in the training rooms and conference rooms. Maintaining several servers onsite along with over 15 local switches. Being a member of senior leadership and assisting the site director in making decisions about new technologies to bring onsite. Service Desk Analyst II Aquarius Professional Staffing - Cincinnati, OH December 2016 to January 2017 at Miami University. Job duties include troubleshooting multiple levels of technology including Windows based PCs, Macs, and Printers both hardware and software. Assisting students, staff, and faculty with different pieces of software. Project Coordinator Pomeroy IT Solutions - Hebron, KY November 2015 to December 2016 at Cincinnati Children's Hospital and Medical Center - First point of contact for multiple departments. Job duties include doing walk trough's and getting a count of different styles of computer systems to schedule for upgrades, assist in planning, and organizing computer refreshes.    Deployment Technician at Cincinnati Children's Hospital and Medical Center- Where job duties include imaging and deploying HP Desktops, Laptops, and Towers, installing required software, network printers, local printers, and required peripherals as needed. Also assisted in completing help desk trouble tickets and break fix issues in a support role. IT - Classroom Services Aquarius Professional Staffing - Cincinnati, OH August 2015 to November 2015 Classroom desktop/AV support at Miami University. Job duties include troubleshooting/repairing/replacing projectors, Troubleshooting analog and digital AV systems, Troubleshooting PC and Mac classroom computers, and preventative maintenance on supported projectors, PC's, and the AV systems. Also train instructors on the use of hardware and software in the classroom. Break/Fix and desk side technician Pomeroy IT Solutions - Hebron, KY August 2014 to August 2015 at Cincinnati Children's Hospital and Medical Center. Job duties include troubleshooting and repairing desktop/laptop computers for hardware and software issues, troubleshooting network and local printers, and imaging and deploying new computer systems throughout the hospital, as needed. Help Desk Technician Luxottica Retail - Mason, OH December 2012 to August 2014 Supporting end users on POS software, local printer issues, resetting Active Directory passwords for a variety of network login, POS login, along with various web based sites designed for different company uses, and various other technical problems for Sunglass Hut, LensCrafters, Sears Optical, Target Optical, and Pearle Vision. Help Desk Technician-Luxottica Retail Pomeroy IT Solutions - Hebron, KY April 2012 to December 2012 Supporting end users on POS software, local printer issues, networking issues, and various other problems for Sunglass Hut, LensCrafters, Sears Optical, Target Optical, and Pearle Vision. Deployment Technician Pomeroy IT Solutions - Hebron, KY October 2011 to April 2012 Cincinnati Childrens Hospital and Medical Center - Where job duties include imaging and deploying HP Desktops, Laptops, and Towers, installing required software, network printers, local printers, and required peripherals as needed. Also assisted in completing help desk trouble tickets in a support role. PC Doctor West Chester, OH March 2010 to October 2011 Job duties include troubleshooting hardware and software issues on desktop and laptops and building custom systems per customer requests. Education High school or equivalent Skills Imaging (4 years), LAN (Less than 1 year), networking (Less than 1 year), Outlook (Less than 1 year), Software Troubleshooting (Less than 1 year), Desktop Support, It Specialist, Comptia, Help Desk, Information Technology, Computer Repair, Cisco, Network Support