Program Manager Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> Program Manager - LINDBLAD EXPEDITIONS New York, NY I am a highly organized and goal-oriented Program Manager seeking an Administrative position an Italian language-based workplace. I am fully fluent in Italian. Throughout my career, I have proven strong customer focus, attention to detail, analytical problem-solving skills, flexibility and to improve efficiency. I am capable of handling multiple projects simultaneously and known for completing tasks in a timely and accurate manner. I have a long history of friendly and honest rapport with co-workers and professional interaction with clients and vendors. Work Experience Program Manager LINDBLAD EXPEDITIONS - New York, NY March 2018 to Present • Manage booking information: special requests, medical forms, final payments, and other pertinent documentation required to complete bookings and service guests.  • Compile and edit final itineraries, contact and travel information packages to be sent to guests.  • Work closely with On-site Vendors, Partnering Companies, and Reservations Departments to ensure a seamless and luxurious travel experience.  • Communicate quickly and effectively urgent travel and accommodation needs for guests and staff members with professionalism and poignancy. Business Owner IMMERSE ITALY LLC - New York, NY January 2018 to Present • Instruct high quality, engaging and memorable Italian Language and Wine courses to clients.  • Manage marketing, invoices, customer satisfaction  • Create unique educational experiences that inspire enthusiasm and eagerness for long-term learning commitment. Wine Consultant FREE RANGE WINE - Brooklyn, NY March 2015 to April 2019 • Excellent customer service selling obscure and high-quality wine through knowledgeable and considerate advice to customers in store.  • Create invoices, purchase orders, manage inventory, ensure customer satisfaction. Guest Communications Specialist New York, NY - New York, NY February 2015 to March 2018 • Tailor and edit travel itineraries for guests regarding daily activities, flight information, hotel bookings, excursions, meal and experience onboard ships.  • Edit and publish expedition reports from onsite journalist, scientists and luxury specialists for company website.  • Prepare and send travel packages to guests, assist with pre-travel inquiries and finalize bookings. Merchant Investigations Specialist / Risk Analyst for Amazon. it AMAZON - Seattle, WA January 2014 to January 2015 • Investigate and analyze third party vendors on Amazon's Italian platform for non-compliant commercial activity, take preemptive action to a maintain high-quality customer experience.  • Identify and discuss critical issues and problem solving strategies in a team setting. Project Coordinator MICROSOFT - Redmond, WA February 2013 to January 2014 Liaise consulting executives, new and returning clients, quality assurance, and settlement department for global cloud infrastructure development projects.  • Create contract amendments accurately describing timeline and budgetary agreements, follow up on implementation and compliance while communicating concerns and improving efficiency.  • Provide seamless and reliable support to executive leadership. Student Services Coordinator NEW YORK UNIVERSITY - Florence, IT September 2011 to October 2012 • Directed university-wide projects for NYU's study abroad program in Italy.  • Established trusting and confidential rapport with students struggling with cultural challenges.  • Create educational and exciting itineraries for student day and weekend excursions throughout Italy.  • Research unique and authentic locations for students to have a true Italian experience Education planning, financial management The Wasserman Center January 2009 to November 2012 Masters of Arts in Italian Studies New York University La Pietra - Florence, IT 2011 to 2012 Masters in Education in Education University of Florence 2009 to 2010 Bachelors in Arts in Italian Studies The American University of Rome 2003 to 2007 Skills Program Management, Project Management