Envision Physician Services Envision Physician Services Healthcare IT Project Manager New York, NY Senior IT Project Manager with 14 years experiences implementing ERP and EMR systems in healthcare, consumer products, technology and finance industries. Led change manage initiatives, client management and engagement, business transformation and strategic planning projects. My experiences in project management are industry agnostic as my core strengths are understanding how a business works and successfully plan / implementing solutions that promote the core strength and desires of the project related to the business. Work Experience Envision Physician Services Plantation, FL January 2019 to April 2019 • Determine the scope and clear business objectives of the project and the critical success factors of implementation projects (completion of the project definition document)  • Prepare and communicate project plan to client, project team and Client Services Management  ? Obtain Client sign off on:  ? Project definition and scope,  ? Project deliverables and agreed milestones,  ? All change control items  • Plan, manage and maximize utilization of project resources.  • Implement and manage project Change Control procedures.  • Manage client expectations and ensure implementation is within the agreed scope and timeframe.  • Manage and own the resolution of all inter work stream issues.  • Produce Project Dashboards and hold project meetings, on a regular basis, with the team and separately with the client to ensure that project is on track.  • Inform Management on issues outside own responsibilities that may affect the success of a project or position.  • Monitor quality of deliverables according to Implementation Methodology and standards and maintain Project File and documentation.  • Carry out end-of- project performance appraisals for consultants involved, identify with them and report training and development needs.  • Develop and maintain close relationships with the client and ensure he is fully satisfied.  • Ensure appropriate submission of project team time sheets, approve time sheets and expense claims and provide Finance with accurate information for invoicing purposes.  • Provide assistance and advice to the project team members in the execution of their tasks and motivate the team for success.  • Perform such other duties, functions and services, consistent with status or vocational ability, as may from time to time be required. Sr Project Manager USC Keck Medical Center - Los Angeles, CA March 2018 to June 2018 • Responsible for delivering Anesthesia projects on budget, on schedule and within scope.  • Working proficiency in Microsoft Office applications, i.e. Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Outlook  • Creates and executes project plans and revises as appropriate to meet changing needs and requirements. In addition, creates and manages project lifecycles and operational documentation to meet organizational goals.  • Identifies resource needs and coordinates allocation of resources to deliver quality standards on time and within budget.  • Collaborates with and supports the Enterprise Project Management (EPM) team and the Process Project Management Office (PPMO) on departmental initiatives, process improvement, education and communication efforts. Sr Project Manager Penn State Health System - Reading, PA October 2017 to December 2017 • Manage large scope projects within programs and standalone projects  • Utilize Project Management framework, adhering to standard tools, process and methodology  • Collaborate with business owners on the identification and assignment of business resources - assist with resource capacity forecasting  • Create and manage budgets, timelines (milestones) and task schedules  • Execute the project through all phases of the project lifecycle  • Understand and refine business and technology architecture  • Maintain strategic alignment of assigned projects by analyzing charters and reviewing expectations with all impacted stakeholders  • Lead the planning process to create the Project Charter, including collaborating with Scrum Masters for all impacted Agile teams, understanding their sprint plans, and creating an integrated Work Plan  • Collaborate with senior leadership to ensure projects are properly funded, resourced, and managed  • Manage all assigned internal and external resources, driving motivation, collaboration, and performance  • Lead the requirements gathering and analysis process, capturing business and technical needs in Agile epics and user stories  • Conduct team meetings to establish and execute on detailed project plans  • Ensure project milestone deliverables are completed and approved at every stage of the project lifecycle VP Clinical Applications Implementation Frederick Memorial Hospital - Frederick, MD March 2016 to September 2016 • Lead planning, implementation and training in a newly constructed 10000sqft Oncology Ambulatory center.  • Monitor progression of project plan  • Provide Executive Stakeholders & Directors with brief updates  • Resolve possible issues before they become cost effective  • Supervise all tasks & stay up to date with all recent changes Sr Project Manager Clinical Implementation Community Health Systems - Franklin, TN March 2015 to March 2016 Lead multiple EMR implementation for hospitals in the Midwest. (NextGen, McKesson, Cerner, HL7, HIPAA) Full life cycle, Agile Lean, vendor management and training plan development. Develop Post Go Live support initiatives and transition planning. VP Clinical Applications SUNY Downstate Medical Center - New York, NY March 2014 to February 2015 • Develop a solution-orientated strategy for Implementation and Support Services to align with the organizational goals.  • Lead the IT organization to improve efficiencies and Service Delivery across the enterprise and establish, achieve SLAs. Also responsible for customer satisfaction and developing performance measurements to monitor progress against key metrics.  • Be a Change Agent through communication and motivation to continuously improve the Implementation Service and Support Service: instill both customer satisfaction and financial accountability at the level of each service team member through strong process discipline of implementation, deployment and support.  • Transition team to initiate internal process and/or system improvement strategies that enable continued growth and the ability to better service. Consolidated all Physician credentialing for the Medical College and Hospital using Cactus and Modio. Standardized he integration of the Medical College and Hospital onboarding processes for new residents and Physicians.  • Set the vision for driving scalability of the Client Service/Support infrastructure (organizational design, processes and workflows, technologies). Work in partnership with the Senior Leadership team to align overall vision and action plans to the broader strategic objectives of the organization. Lead monthly HIPAA standards and compliance meeting.  • Developed a PMO and led business alignment with project portfolio assignments. Managed the Program budget, provided executive reporting and managed teams and deliverables in accordance to the Program timeline and priorities. Lead the Steering Committee to allocate resources, prioritize and escalate project risks requiring leadership review and approval to adjust the timeline, resources or budget. Mentored the team on effective project management techniques and communications. Also coordinated the full life cycle communication plan for the team and the health associates. Lead, decommissioning of a medical facility and systems reclamation and planning, develop the clinical application strategy and consolidation plan, identify replacement EMR(McKesson to GE Centricity), clinical vendors and integration strategy for the medical center and University clinical systems. Led the clinical and IT teams operationally and strategically to plan growth and perform transformation of the Clinical applications for Medical and University shared clinical environments. Technologies include: Cardiology, Oncology, EMR (Univ/ Med Ctr), Credentialing, and various other ancillary systems.  Lead the IT Steering Committee meeting and Clinical IT Strategy for the Medical Center.  Lead revenue cycle and ERP integration with the EMR for supply management and allocation and inventory management. Sr Project Manager LifePoint Hospitals June 2012 to October 2012 Oversee the assessment, planning and implementation of the McKesson Horizon suite of clinical applications (PHS, HPF, HMM, MRM, HSM, HPP, HEO, HED) and lead a team of 20 analysts with a decentralized build team. The project is being implemented as a 'big bang' approach for 2 acute care facilities and 1 rehab hospital (Approx. 800beds). PACS-(McKesson) Physician Portal, PHS Emory Medical Center - West Palm Beach, FL September 2010 to July 2011 West Palm Beach, FL & CCC, New York, NY  Coordinate physician office technology implementation and remote access via Clinical Xpert. Assist with EMR integration and remote access via custom and vendor-based remote web systems.  Manage implementation and support activities for HPF-(McKesson), PACS-(McKesson) Physician Portal, PHS-(McKesson) as part of the Paragon Suite (McKesson) implemented at Palm Beach Gardens. Lead all IT planning, strategy and implementation Dignity Health System December 2006 to May 2010 12/06 - 05/10  CIOLos Angeles, CA  Led the formation of a Regional PMO supporting the planning, integration and consolidation of clinical applications and medical equipment in the SF Valley area. Established the Steering Committee meeting, an ITSM project request and approval process, project management methodology, resource allocation, vendor and budget management plan for all 8 hospitals in a 42-hospital health system. Lead all IT planning, strategy and implementation for Clinical and Ancillary systems in the hospital and residency. Manager Technology Implementation - Kaiser Permanente Health PlanLos Angeles, CA Deloitte Consulting November 2005 to December 2006 Full strategic, operational and accountability for the KP's enterprise-wide healthcare analytics and implementation of the Medicare Part D initiative. Major programs include membership adjudication, prescription management and financial billing and disbursement. Led the medical expense management analytics capabilities; clinical and provider analysis & reporting; enterprise data warehousing; and customer analysis & reporting.    Applications, Technologies and Expertise  Project Management, Agile, Lean, Six Sigma, ITIL, Aria, Varian, (Epic, AllScripts, Cerner, GE Centricity, Siemens, McKesson, Meditech, Medhost) full suite implementations, (McKesson, Phillips, GE Centricity) Cardiology PACs, (GE Centricity, Kodak) Radiology PACs & MS Project. Education University of Southern California 2006 Website Marketing Strategies University of Delaware School of Business 2004 BS in Chemical Engineering Auburn University 1989 to 1993 Johnson High School 1989