Project Lead <span class="hl">Project</span> Lead Project Lead Hutto, TX Dedicated, take-charge Project Lead with an MBA and 5+ years’ experience. Highly skilled in communicating with Product Owners to obtain business requirements and providing technical specifications to developers. Highly skilled in leading development teams and aligning them with the business' key needs and prioritization. Driven to get the job done right. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Lead NTT DATA Services - Austin, TX March 2019 to Present • Led a team of 7 analysts and developers to develop the database for a web-based application, which replaced a mainframe system used by TXDOT.  • Gathered requirements from clients' Product Owners.   • Transformed business requirements to technical specifications for database development and data migration.  • Led data model approval meetings with clients' Enterprise Architect.  • Trained architects and developers on use of Azure DevOps and scaled Agile framework (SAFe).  • Developed process improvements with CTO and architects.  • Coordinated with architects of five application development (Scrum) teams and six enabler teams.  • Technologies used: Azure DevOps, Oracle SQL Developer, SQL Server Management Studio (SSMS). Lead Business Analyst NTT DATA Services via Apex Systems - Austin, TX June 2018 to March 2019 • Led a team of 4 business analysts and developers on the Data Team for a scaled Agile (SAFe) project to replace a mainframe system for TXDOT  • Gathered business requirements from clients' Product Owners  • Elicited technical requirements from architects and technical SMEs (Subject Matter Experts).  • Transformed requirements to specification for data modeling, database development, and data migration.  • Developed SQL scripts to create database tables, views, and stored procedures, populate library tables, and add indexes and sequences.  • Proposed and wrote technical stories for refactoring efforts. Conducted initial analyses (e.g. impact analysis, cost/benefit analysis), and worked with data modelers to create proposed models.  • Technologies used: Azure DevOps, Oracle SQL Developer, SQL Server (SSMS), Informatica. Business IT Analyst LSO - Austin, TX March 2018 to June 2018 • Reporting to the CTO, led a team of developers and business analysts to successfully implement several projects, such as integrating with a new payroll system.   • Led communications with clients and vendors.  • Wrote business case and executive summaries, analyzing budgets, timelines, and resource requirements.  • Wrote business requirement documents and technical specifications.  • Consulted clients on API and FTP integrations. Investigated API & FTP data processing issues.  • Wrote SOAP API development guide for new developers and performed code reviews for clients' developers.  • Technologies used: MS Project, SQL Server (SSMS), SOAP API, FTP Independent Consultant Business Analysis and Accounting Services - Hutto, TX September 2015 to March 2018 • HFLA Austin - Analyzed customer data to determine risk factors for a non-profit lender.  • KOXE - Analyzed data for a radio station to identify client profitability.  • The Main Office - Performed accounting services  • Pago Vision, Inc. - Performed accounting services  • Technologies used: Quickbooks, Excel Business Analyst Mozido, Inc - Austin, TX September 2014 to August 2015 • Reported to the VP of a strategic business unit.  • Led sales and customer service teams through the release of a loyalty & rewards web application.  • Developed a risk management reporting system that automated decisions on managing risk.  • Gathered and analyzed requirements for an enhancement to a transaction processing system. Risk & Accounting Manager Mozido Inc - Austin, TX October 2013 to September 2014 • Led the transaction monitoring and risk management for a third-party payment processor.  • Achieved a 50% increase in efficiency by implementing new processes.  • Achieved an $8.6M increase (199%) in annual processing of client's Electronic Fund Transfer (EFT) transactions, driving a 183% increase in transactional revenues.  • Reduced company exposure to unrecoverable loss by 75% and drove down EFT returns by 52%.  • Developed financial statements and reports on key performance indicators. Implementation Consultant Mozido Inc - Austin, TX February 2013 to October 2013 • Led client implementations of a payment processing system.  • Resolved technical support issues and coordinated with developers on escalations.  • Collaborated on improvements, which decreased technical support calls by 20%. Education Masters of Business Administration in Information Systems Texas A&M University - Killeen, TX January 2016 to December 2017 Bachelor's in Biomedical Engineering The University of Texas at Austin - Austin, TX January 2004 to May 2007 Skills SQL SERVER (2 years), ORACLE 12g, SQL (2 years), Visio, Agile, Microsoft Office (10+ years), Project Management (2 years), Microsoft Project, SAFe (Scaled Agile Framework), Azure DevOps, Jira, Excel (10+ years), Leadership (5 years), Business Analysis (5 years) Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/Aimee-Peterson-MBA Awards Most Outstanding Graduate Student, College of Business Administration 2017-11 Delta Mu Delta National Business Honors Society 2017-12 Summa Cum Laude, Texas A&M University 2017-12 Certifications/Licenses Certified Associate in Project Management (CAPM) March 2018 to March 2021 Assessments Project Management Skills: Time Management — Expert July 2019 Prioritizing and allocating time to effectively achieve project deliverables. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/ggh59arjjm0jsmgz Organizational Skills — Expert July 2019 Arranging and managing information or materials using a set of rules. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/a5drv28-8ocvwdu Critical Thinking — Expert July 2019 Using logic to solve problems. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/rcmfkktnseiampvj Accounting Skills: Bookkeeping — Proficient July 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to calculate and determine the accuracy of financial data. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/nyrj1yo2bixmknkt Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.