Lead Analyst II Lead Analyst II Lead Analyst II - Navy Federal Credit Union Pensacola, FL Work Experience Lead Analyst II Navy Federal Credit Union - Pensacola, FL 2018 to Present Pensacola, FL 2018 to Present Navy Federal Credit Union is an armed forces bank serving the Navy, Army, Marine Corps, Air Force, Coast Guard, veterans, DoD & their Families.    Critical role to collect, identify, review and analyze workforce data to determine operational efficiency and trends in order to formulate plans to further the current and future operational goals of the business. Research internal processes and capabilities to improve the effectiveness of the business and/or services and react effectively to real-time and planned business needs. Provide guidance and advice to upper team management on the most efficient use of workforce resources to obtain positive and measurable results. Establish partnerships and agreements with contact center operations for clear and defined processes. Make recommendations for revisions to processes to better support members and contact center operations while meeting business objectives.    •      Established a partnership with the Resolution team and educating supervisors on the WFM process and learning the department practices including participating on new supervisor onboarding as well as doing side by sides with specialists in order to make strategic recommendations to maintain/improve employee engagement while meeting our membership excellent service expectations.  •      Re-engineered forecasting and skilling prioritization for the Resolution team which support all branches and works closely with corporate security on all fraud cases.  •      Reallocated staffing to meet staffing requirements in order to meet SLA’s for 18 – 23 queues.  •      Performed gap analysis for on-boarding process and instituted changes based on deficiencies.  •      Assisted in identifying WFM engagement opportunities, develop and delivery action plans to boost employee engagement and satisfaction resulting in several point increase. Director of Business Planning & Workforce Management/Optimization Convergent USA - Atlanta, GA 2016 to 2018 Critical role within the Convergent organization in both tactical and strategic functions to establish best in class skills based routing strategies, drive dynamic real time workforce management processes, create effective and scalable workforce schedules in a multi-company, multi-media, and multi-skill environment and manage the data analytics to manage and measure results. Created effective workforce strategies, leveraging resources across the various projects to achieve critical service levels. Supervised team of 9 RTA/Reporting analyst to achieve project specific service levels utilizing four different software in order to meet client needs. Championed the purchase and implementation of Pipkins Workforce Management software to achieve client/company goals and to increase employee satisfaction. Workforce Management Analyst Cornerstone Brands, Inc - West Chester, OH 2012 to 2016 West Chester, OH 2012 to 2016  Family of seven direct marketing companies that offer high-quality home, leisure and casual apparel products, primarily through catalogs. A subsidiary of HSNi.    Workforce Management Analyst  Critical role within CBI Customer Care organization in both tactical and strategic functions to establish best in class skills based routing strategies, drive dynamic real time workforce management processes, create effective and scalable workforce schedules in a multi-company, multi-media, and multi-skill environment and manage the data analytics to manage and measure results. Responsible for partnering with leadership team to establish effective workforce strategies, leveraging resources across the HSNi organization to achieve critical service levels and achieve financial results. Supervised team of 11 RTA to achieve 80% service level. IT staffing and recruiting services, contractor for CitiGroup Modis - Blue Ash, OH 2011 to 2011 IT Project Manager Problem Resolution Focus - Cincinnati, OH 2008 to 2011 Establish departmental partnerships with networking, programming, systems, engineering facilitating commitment and productivity, removing obstacles, and motivating team members. All issues for this portion of the project, including show stoppers, were resolved efficiently and effectively conserving budget. Report to Sr. IT Project Manager and Sr. VP.    Convergys, Cincinnati, OH - Erlanger, KY 2008 to 2011  World-class customer management firm made up of 125,000 employees working in more than 150 service centers and 31 countries.    Workforce Management Manager II  Critical role within Convergys organization in both tactical and strategic functions to create effective and scalable workforce schedules in a multi-company, multi-media, and multi-skill global environment and manage the data analytics to manage and measure results. Responsible for partnering with senior leadership team to establish effective workforce strategies, leveraging resources across the Convergys organizations (US and abroad) to achieve critical service levels and achieve financial results. Identifying process improvement opportunities and make recommendations involved in capacity planning as well as staffing. Created innovative process in order to forecast and schedule for call center locations maintaining agent groups from 400 - 1800 associates in minimal time.    • Lifted agent utilization 10% by transitioning call centers to more flexible scheduling practices, accounting for multiple queues and hours required to fulfill business needs.  • Championed a new process allowing the forecasting and scheduling of 400 - 1800 FTE per location within a 2 hour window.  • Identified areas needing advancement and drove critical initiatives: re-engineered departmental procedures; instituted new workforce strategy; and created daily, weekly, and monthly forecasts for multiple business lines.  • Participated in the development of business continuity plan including call redirection process and off-site tools / resource allocation - ensuring uninterrupted customer service in event of an outage stateside or abroad.    Workforce Management Manager II / Floor Manager  Multifaceted management role examining performance and steering strategic testing, recommendations, and plans to elevate workforce efficiency and challenged to increase cost savings and service level metrics attainment. Administering call volume allocation between automatic call distributors (ACDs) and directing team in the collection, evaluation, and reporting of scheduling, call volume, and performance trends. Reporting to site director.    • Established a creative technique for ensuring completion of all 400 - 600 technical support agents training/up-training that did not interrupt the 80/20 service level goal.  • Identified and worked directly with HR and site director to establish and input process surrounding use of unpaid time off (UPTO) to reduce daily shrinkage.  • Enhanced service level continuity and minimized variances during high-volume call periods through the design, rollout, and management of new scheduling process for entire organization - introducing series of steps outlining proper team actions according to service, queue, and staffing levels.  • Oversaw and motivated team of 8 first line managers/RTA, analyst, scheduling to drive dynamic real time workforce management processes - conducting evaluations, providing feedback and training, and enforcing company policies to establish a streamlined, consistent operation with top performers providing best-in-class service.    Team Manager \ Quality Coach  Oversaw and motivated multi-tiered team of up to 26 - 51 technical support associates - conducting evaluations, providing feedback and training, and enforcing company policies to establish a streamlined operation with top performers providing best-in-class service. Monitored calls captured for 100% quality, made recommendations for training modification and associate coaching as well as working with senior manager to provide performance testing prior to hire. Handled complex escalations and inquiries, personally calling special cases to assure proper customer care. Reporting to Director/Site Director    • Creatively motivated team utilizing the 'coaching by behaviors' technique to successfully elevate low performance.  • Team achieved top standing in department and remained there through their dedication and skills.  • Provided coaching/mentoring to less experienced peers to achieve coaching consistency.  • Monitored calls for quality and made recommendation for training modification and coaching.  • Recommended/implemented skill testing prior to hire  • Recommended and assisted in Team Mangers interviewing candidates prior to hire  • Coached and developed 11 incumbents to elevate to Team Manager or Trainer Education Associates Degree in Business Administration in Business Ivy Tech Community College - Lawrenceburg, IN 2013 Pursuing BS in Accounting in Accounting Indiana University - Richmond, IN