Youth Program Manager Youth Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> Youth Program Manager Auburn, WA To obtain a position in which I may use my knowledge and experience in the cruise industry. Work Experience Youth Program Manager Holland America Line December 2017 to May 2019 Prepare youth programs daily for each age group, paying careful attention to the demographic in each  voyage and languages spoken.  • Assist the Cruise Director with entertainment related events and activities.  • Responsible for the retention and satisfaction of children in each age group and their parents.  • Schedule and manage Youth Staff Youth Staff Holland America Line July 2017 to November 2017 • Implement and coordinate age-appropriate activities as assigned by the Youth Program Coordinator.  • Supervise kids ages 3 to 17 years old while adhering to the security policies of the facility.  • Socialize with guests throughout the ship ensuring great customer service. Music/Performing Arts Teacher Valley Christian School - Auburn, WA August 2015 to June 2017 • Create and implement age-appropriate lesson plans  • Organize a classroom community respecting the diverse needs of kindergarten through eighth grade  children through an understanding of progressive education philosophy.  • Create a safe and enjoyable environment for each student to learn and perform. Vocal Coach Jammin' Music Studios - Olympia, WA March 2015 to April 2016 • Create a safe environment where singers are free to express themselves vocally through songs in English, Italian, and German.  • Organize a student recital for each student to perform on stage. Front Desk/Receptionist Seattle Theatre Group - Seattle, WA October 2014 to August 2015 • Provide friendly and prompt customer service to those that call as well as those who come to the office.  • Provide accurate information about shows and history of the three theatres Seattle Theatre group  represents. Opportunity Grant Coordinator/ IT Innovation Grant Project Coordinator Seattle Central Community College - Seattle, WA December 2013 to April 2014 • Provide a case management type approach to serving students.  • Determine and track applicant eligibility and identify potential academic and social barriers to student  success and develop plans to address these pitfalls.  • Create pathways for student success in their chosen program of study. Admissions Agent Space Needle - Seattle, WA May 2013 to September 2013 • Provide exceptional customer service to create a welcoming environment  • Thrive in a fast pace business with minimal supervision Education Bachelor of Arts in Music in Music /Vocal Performance Azusa Pacific University - Azusa, CA 2012