IT Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Manager - ICT Cairo, GA Seeking a challenging career with a progressive organization which will utilize my skills, abilities and education to improve company operation. Work Experience IT Manager ICT Present Responsible for the computer systems within a company, overseeing installation, ensuring back up systems operate effectively, purchasing hardware and software, providing the ICT technology infrastructures for an organisation and contributing to organisational policy regarding quality standards and strategic planning. Implementation, Network and Infrastructure Manager ICT September 2011 to June 2012 Responsible of the Implementation, Networking and infrastructure for Amadeus Altea Project IT Assistant Manager Design July 2010 to June 2012 Supervise all daily and weekly IT procedures, report directly to IT Manager.  Design; Implement Preventive Maintenance for all IT hardware & Software.  Responsibility for all IT related issues.  Will be in charge of IT Dept. when IT Manager absent or out of the country. IT Project Manager ICT April 2010 to May 2012 Plan, execute, and finalize projects according to strict deadlines and within budget. This includes acquiring resources and coordinating the efforts of team members and third-party contractors or consultants in order to deliver projects according to plan. The Project Manager will also define the project's objectives and oversee quality control throughout its life cycle. IT Supervisor ICT June 2009 to July 2010 Determine the business and technological needs of a company, making decisions about computer hardware, software and networks. The supervisor also hires, trains and evaluates the members of the company's IT team, including network administrators, programmers, technicians and help desk personnel. IT Help Desk ICT September 2008 to June 2009 Responsible to assist IT department head and provides administrative direction and support for daily operational activities of the IT department taking all risk management policies and procedures that impacts the IT department in consideration. Education B.Sc. of Computer Science. in Computer Department Civil Aviation Academy 2006 Malek Fahd Private School - Cairo 2001 Additional Information Special Skills    Computer Skills  • Excellent knowledge of IBM computers and MS Word, Excel and Power Point.  • Excellent knowledge and use of Internet applications (including for research purposes).