Derpartment of State employee (Top Secret Clearance) Derpartment of State employee (Top Secret Clearance) Project Manager/ Database Admin Catonsville, MD Over 5 years of experience as a Project Manager, Marketing Management, Strong Oracle Database knowledge, Outstanding technical skills and extensive experience in planning and conducting complex assessments. Adequately experience in overseeing work site initiatives. Very Skilled at training, team-building and the overall supervision of personnel. Resilient change agent able to implement process improvements and enhance workplace safety. Effective oral and written communication skills in providing reports, and assessments. Superb customer relations skills and very adept in working in stressful situations. Goal-oriented, high energy individual with excellent attention to detail and time management techniques. Work Experience Derpartment of State employee (Top Secret Clearance) Department of state - Washington, DC March 2019 to Present  Providing protection for The Main Department of State, The Secretary of Defense Residence, United States Institute of Peace, annexes, and foreign diplomatic missions and embassies in the Washington, D.C. area.  Traveling in support of the Presidential, Vice Presidential, Secretary of State and foreign heads of state/government missions.  Working protection details of foreign government officials to metropolitan areas (other than the District of Columbia) and at other places associated with such visits when such officials are in the United States to conduct official business with the United States Government.  Having the ability to make arrests without warrant for any offense against the United States committed in their presence, or for any felony cognizable under the laws of the United States if they have reasonable grounds to believe that the person to be arrested has committed or is committing such felony.  Utilize alarm systems, metal detectors, x-ray machines, and CCTV.  Perform a variety of complex law enforcement duties generated by the surrounding work area. Project Manager Henderson Properties - Frostburg, MD January 2011 to Present Read and interpret plans, instructions, and specifications to determine work activities.  Implement safety measures and abatement of construction hazards within the construction site. Assist in designing various safety procedures for site management.  Ensured compliance to government and insurance regulations IE: OSHA, National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health (NIOSH). Analyzed construction methods and procedures in accordance with industry’s best practices.     • Provided safety training/instruction to more than three employees identifying and documenting safety malpractices particularly   • Ensure proper training methods and procedures are being utilized to accomplish program abatement objectives IT Frostburg State University - Frostburg, MD August 2013 to December 2018 During my Tenure at Frostburg State University, I have mastered and completed tasks containing skills such as :    • Database Design and Theory  • Microsoft Sql server and MySql  • Strong knowledge of Linux, Windows, and Unix   • Oracle 11g to 12c Maintenance and configuration  • Troubleshooting, installation, processing, backup, recovery and system monitoring  • Strong written, analytical and communication skills PROJECT COORDINATOR SPECIALIST SAVAGE HOME GROUP April 2017 to August 2017 Ensured, implement, and applied Savage's Standard Operating Procedures. Provided photographic expertise in market operations. Supervised in-home residential interviews and assessments of properties. Provided referrals and linkage to Savage Properties based on client's needs in efforts to facilitate property sales    * Managed control of all aspects of the retail business, which included visual merchandising, purchasing, sales, telecommunication, and Internet sales  * Researched and developed photo merchandising strategies that successfully delivered specific category goals by staying current on customer purchasing and product movement trends  * Established and maintained relationships with key suppliers and vendors  * Facilitated, planned, and promoted properties at Real-estate events PLANETARIUM INTERN Frostburg State University - Frostburg, MD January 2017 to May 2017 101 BRADDOCK RD FROSTBURG, MD 21532  SALARY: NON-PAID PART TIME: 8 HOURS  SUPERVISOR: JASON SPEIGHTS JCSPEIGHTS@FROSTBURG.EDU  JANUARY 2017-MAY 2017    PLANETARIUM INTERN: Research and develop materials to enhance public image and awareness. Performed key management duties for supervisor's to include: photography, marketing drafting memorandums, and policy review-compliance. Superior performer in publicly presenting information in a variety of fields with an emphasis in articulating Frostburg's brand for the orchestration of media events, projects, and assisting the management team. Expert strategist in preventing and resolving workplace deficiencies.    * Independently developed and managed projects/programs, including implementation plans, and evaluation mechanisms  * Solely responsible for Constant Contact communication brand awareness campaign, showcasing special products, new technology, and promoting Science Saturday events Education Bachelor's in science Minor: Management Frostburg University General August 2013 to December 2018 Catonsville High School 2009 to 2013 Skills Oracle Dba (5 years), Sql Dba (5 years), MYSQL (5 years), Sql Server (5 years), DBA Additional Information Visited Europe twice. Studied Abroad In France for 4months