IT Project Manager II (Off-shore/ On-shore) <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> II (Off-shore/ On-shore) IT Project Manager II (Off-shore/ On-shore) - Signet Jewelers Dallas, TX Project Management Specialist - highly talented, versatile, and multi-faceted offering a proven and demonstrated track record involving managing and coordinating business operations, logistics, and project management within diverse, progressive, and multi-level business teams and environments. Having managed all phases of delivery from planning through production and delivery including support for ERP/SAP projects. Proven performance record for delivering total creative solutions to her clients that balance the users’ quality, instructional and community aspirations with their budget constraints.   • Unique blend of expertise leading technical project coordination, consultative services liaison with key stakeholders and subject matter experts to ensure positive outcomes  • A clear communicator, able to create interactive communication for diverse audiences when needed.  • Dedicated team-player, committed to providing high-quality support and excellent problem-solving skills  • Consistent exercise of independent judgment, leadership and discretion in matters of significance. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager II (Off-shore/ On-shore) Signet Jewelers - Dallas, TX July 2017 to Present Harmonize accounting, reporting and sales audit capabilities across business units. Leverage best in class processes powered by a scalable and stable SAP Platform. Inclusive of Vertex, Tax calculation solution replacing manual tax. strategic initiative to integrate three legacy divisions (Zales brands, Signet brands & UK brands) with common finance processes and technology.  • Working with clients to drive transformational change in the way they deliver application testing services in their organizations  • Planning, implementing and quality assurance for large complex testing projects  • Teaming with business organizations to facilitate User Acceptance Testing (UAT)  • Sharing your knowledge and developing engagement tools and enablers to build capability for the practice  • Provides support for Chief Technology Officer, including but not limited to travel, calendar & expense report management.  • Lead prudent and extensive project documentation requirements beyond meeting notes - such as risk profiles, technology summaries, and issue tracking logs Identify and implement improvements on the infrastructure space - technical and processes.  • Drive actions to reduce cost around cloud usage and improve systems stability Ensure all activities related to system maintenance and performance are being executed timely by our suppliers  • Serves as a primary point of contact for the on-boarding of Information Technology-related vendors. Works closely with Vendor Management to ensure Information Technology vendors are registered on the portal before they engage with Information Technology personnel.  Tools used: Microsoft ( Project, Outlook, PowerPoint, Teams, SharePoint, Excel) Jira, ServiceNow Assistant Project Manager (Global Buildings & Infrastructure) Jacobs Engineering Group - Dallas, TX December 2016 to June 2017 • Currently serve as coordinator during all project phases working in conjunction with the allocated design staff both internal and external, consultants, owner, contractor, and agencies to ensure proper documentation.  • Reporting directly to the Project Manager, supporting multi-discipline teams.  • Manage project administration where administer document control, conduct project meetings, assist RFI and submittals, prepare monthly reports, correspondence, maintain filing system, and evaluate and respond to project risks  • Also, serve as client facing and would act as the company's main point of contact on assigned projects.  • Lead, coordinate and participate in the development, distribution and maintenance of contract documentation to ensure conformance with internal and external deliverables guidelines, schedules, and project scope.  • Maintain schedules by engaging in the following: complying with contract requirements, coordinating with corporate scheduling, prepare and distribute detailed Project Schedules, prepare resource loaded schedules, prepare and distribute monthly updates.  • Support and coordinate project staff by engaging in the following: mentor, provide direction when needed, conduct staff meetings, disseminate information and promote employee morale.  • Assists field operations by engaging in the following conducts trade preconstruction meetings, coordinates Subcontractors and Vendors, coordinates permit inspections, maintains subcontractor relationships, manages QC Program, promotes client relations by engaging in the following: interacts regularly with Owner, and complies with client's needs.  Tools: Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Project, ProjectWise, Bluebeam Revu 2017, Adobe Creative Cloud, InDesign, ADP, Oracle IProcurement, Concur Jr. Project Manager-PMO Bank of America - Plano, TX April 2015 to November 2016 • Served as the Project Liaison between the bank and vendors.  • Lead a team of full life cycle, overseeing all aspects of the process which include sourcing, identifying, pre-screening and qualifying, interviewing, developing offer packages and negotiating and closing candidates.  • Recommended standards for attracting top talent to Offshore Global Technology and Operations-Strategic Partner Governance- Offshore (INDIA) team with diversity and inclusion as an important focus and measuring progress against goals.  • Completed projects by coordinating resources and timetables with user departments and data center.  • Verified application results by conducting system audits of technologies implemented.  Systems used: Fieldglass, SharePoint, Excel, Outlook, IQN Program Consultant-Screening (contractual) First Advantage - Atlanta, GA July 2014 to February 2015 • Work with client managers and project managers to understand and analyze the client requirements.  • Presented client requirements to the Email team so as to design and deliver solutions as per client needs.  • Developed expertise in product knowledge, technical knowledge, and industry and process knowledge in relevant product areas.  • Identifying or determining the client's needs and requirements, with respect to business development and management.  Systems used: Confluence and JIRA, Sibel, Contractor Advantage Assistant Director Admissions Zenith Education Group, Inc - Atlanta, GA September 2010 to April 2014 • Provide professional, competent and confidential administrative support for the President and other members of the Leadership Team as needed. Arranges all meeting scheduling, project meetings, internal meetings, and video conferencing  • Conserves executive's time by reading, researching, and routing correspondence; drafting letters and documents; collecting and analyzing information; initiating telecommunications;  • Maintains executive's appointment schedule by planning and scheduling meetings, conferences, teleconferences, and travel;  • Produces information by transcribing, formatting, inputting, editing, retrieving, copying, and transmitting text, data, and graphics;  • Assists executive in project management and coordination of resources;  • Provided historical reference by developing and utilizing filing and retrieval systems; recording meeting discussions;  • Represented Executive in meetings and presented summary notes  • Prepared reports by collecting and analyzing information Education Certificate of Completion in Managerial Essentials Harvard Business School - Boston, MA May 2019 Certificate of Completion in Project Management Technology Center Norcross September 2015 Master of Science in Information Systems Management DeVry University Atlanta Skills PM, Information Technology, SDLC, Waterfall, PMP Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  MS Office (Teams, Word, Excel, Access, Project, Sharepoint, Visio; AutoCAD, Salesforce Admin, Visual Basic 6.0, WinESP, Oracle (CRM) Siebel, FieldGlass, IQN, MyScheduling, Blue Beam, Revu, Adobe Creative Cloud, InDesign, ProjectWise, JIRA, ServiceNow