Work as a project supervisor and design manager Work as a <span class="hl">project</span> supervisor and design <span class="hl">manager</span> Work as a project supervisor and design manager - Pocket Watch Software Beaumont, TX Work Experience Work as a project supervisor and design manager Pocket Watch Software June 2013 to Present Developed Monsignor Kelly High School custom app.    Awards, Certificates and Honors  Texas Teaching Certificate  Dean's Lists at Lamar University and LSU  Studied Photography under Keith Carter Advertising Manager/ IT Manager Parker Lumber - Beaumont, TX March 2012 to November 2013 Created AD circulars, signage, hats, t-shirts and logo design. Additional roles include IT administrator, art  director, project supervisor, print coordinator, and marketing professional. Proficient in all Adobe CS5 identity  systems both Mac and PC based. Photographer/Digital Editor/Print Coordinator 15 Minutes of Fame - Austin, TX April 2011 to September 2011 Worked as a photographer and digital editor for a photography company in Austin, Texas. Additional  roles include art director, project manager, print coordinator, and marketing specialist. Proficient in all Adobe  CS5 identity systems both Mac and PC based. Educator Splendora Independent School District - Splendora, TX October 2009 to August 2011 Worked as a educator in the school district of Splendora. Worked closely with administration developing  lesson plans, discipline, and creating a sense of higher learning. Committee member of the Community  Improvement Team, head of UIL Art league and part of Splendora's mentoring program. Also initiated a District  Anti-Bullying campaign and worked closely with Administration and local police. Lead Graphic Designer/Marketing Northwest Natural Products - Vancouver, WA September 2008 to September 2009 Worked as lead designer with a variety of clients creating business identities, print brochures, logos and symbols. Specialized in the manipulation of typography, print preparation, promotional items, magazine layout, and large format printing. Lead designer of all label design for clients including: Target, Whole Foods, CVS,  Walgreens, Duane Reade and Wal-Mart. Plant Worker/Courier Jefferson County Title - Beaumont, TX September 2006 to May 2007 Worked in title plant searching deed records as well as recording documents at County Clerks office.  Used microfiche to examine records. Proficient in reading plats and maps. Education Bachelor of Fine Arts in Graphic Design Lamar University - Beaumont, TX July 2004 Louisiana State University - Baton Rouge, LA March 2000 Skills Adobe Software and Advertising Management, Graphic design