Office Manager/Researcher Manager/Annuity Value Specialist Office <span class="hl">Manager</span>/Researcher <span class="hl">Manager</span>/Annuity Value Specialist Office Manager/Researcher Manager/Annuity Value Specialist - Re-Start Financial, Inc Fort Lauderdale, FL Work Experience Office Manager/Researcher Manager/Annuity Value Specialist Re-Start Financial, Inc - Fort Lauderdale, FL September 2018 to Present Fort Lauderdale, FL  Office Manager/Researcher Manager/Annuity Value Specialist  ? Analyzed the payments awarded and sold to determine payments remaining to the annuitant, then calculated or verified the present value of the remaining payments.  ? Accurately performed research for phone numbers, addresses, relatives, bankruptcies, liens, divorce, personal injury, medical malpractices, and wrongful deaths using LexisNexis Risk  Management/Courtlink, Westlaw Clear/Classic, PACER, NARA, TLOxp, and county  websites.  ? Maintained office efficiency by planning and implementing office systems, layouts, roles, procedures, and tracking for the sales team.  ? Point of contact between Sales, Processing, Management, Outside Counsel, and Legal. Enrollment Counselor/Student Loan Sales Closer United Student Loan Assistance Center, LLC - Delray Beach, FL April 2018 to September 2018 Demonstrated advanced product knowledge and the ability to solve customer issues  ? Handled inbound and outbound (warm) calls to student loan borrowers, educate them on the available programs and enroll them into Federal Income Based Forgiveness Programs.  ? Maintained a closing rate of at least 20%  ? Proactively followed up on open contracts and perspective clients, as well as manage and follow up on my sales pipeline and assigned tasks Researcher Manager/ IT Manager/CRM Data Administrator Patriot Settlement Resources, LLC - Boca Raton, FL October 2014 to April 2018 General research, phone, address, documents, beneficiaries and all required information for supporting lead relationship building and higher leads contacted success rates.  ? Handled the flow and direction of the research team, assigned research projects, and explored  new venues to further expand research to allow more detailed and varied end results.  ? Improved the effectiveness of the database tools and services, modifying the database to focus  on the needs of sales, and providing a cleaner reporting system.  ? Troubleshooted system and network problems, while also diagnosing and solving any  hardware or software faults. Technical Support Manager/Executive Assistant All Cargo Express, Inc - Coral Springs, FL January 2014 to October 2014 Built and managed a new a CRM database  ? Handled main support role for new freight booking system, allowing clients to book their  own loads, therefore giving dispatchers more time to shift priorities and increase efficiency  ? Provided support, including procedural documentation and relevant reports.  ? Talked with staff and clients through a series of actions either face to face or over the telephone to help set up systems or resolve issues. External Research Supervisor/Quality Assurance Specialist/ Project Manager Client First Settlement Funding, LLC - Boca Raton, FL October 2010 to October 2013 Boca Raton, FL  External Research Supervisor/Quality Assurance Specialist/ Project Manager  ? Analyzed legal documents to effectively QA metadata from a third party provider and then  provide feedback on any errors.  ? Performed data entry or verification of document metadata contained in SharePoint  Management.  ? Monitored CRM task request management system for new and existing customer request.  ? Planned and managed a variety of projects with large teams.  ? Provided Sales Training assistance when needed for the Research & Analysis Modules.  ? Reviewed and reported incorrect OCR data in Compliance.  ? Trained employees, assisted large group setting training sessions. Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/bfoxwell