IT Support Engineer 3/Dispatch <span class="hl">IT</span> Support Engineer 3/Dispatch IT Support Engineer 3/Dispatch San Diego, CA To obtain a position with a fast and growing firm, where positive contributions to the organization are rewarded with professional growth. To work in a highly energetic environment with an opportunity to learn new skills and to have an ability to grow and advance. To be a part of a company that encourages open minded and foreword thinking. To work in an environment where my skills are always put to the test and I'm constantly challenged. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Support Engineer 3/Dispatch UTC Aerospace - Foley, AL February 2015 to July 2018 Provided troubleshooting assistance and ticket resolution for personal computer users.    • Supported computer users with installation of hardware/software and networking components to meet personal computer needs.    • Diagnosed and troubleshoot basic problems with individual and multiple computer systems in order to maintain proper functioning; resolved issues including contacting and assisting vendors.    • Recommended hardware solutions regarding personal computers in assigned areas.    • Assisted with computer studies, projects, and implementation of policies throughout area of assignment.    • Conducted diagnostic reviews and produced error reports as requested by customers in order to identify and correct any problems. worked with personal computer hardware, software, systems, local area networks. Project Administrator / Dispatcher PCS, Inc - Glenn Dale, MD September 2012 to December 2015 Sarasota, FL  Construction - Industrial Facilities and Infrastructure    Accomplished objectives by recruiting, selecting, orienting, training, assigning, scheduling, coaching, counseling, and disciplining employees; communicating job expectations; planning, monitoring, appraising, and reviewing job contributions; planning and reviewing compensation actions; enforcing policies and procedures.    Achieved operational objectives by contributing information and recommendations to strategic plans and reviews; preparing and completing action plans; implementing production, productivity, quality, and customer-service standards; resolving problems; completing audits; identifying trends; determining system improvements; implementing change.    Met financial objectives by forecasting requirements; preparing an annual budget; scheduling expenditures; analyzing variances; initiating corrective actions.    Updated job knowledge by participating in educational opportunities; reading professional publications; maintaining personal networks; participating in professional organizations.    Enhances department and organization reputation by accepting ownership for accomplishing new and different requests; exploring opportunities to add value to job accomplishments.    Skills and Qualifications:  Developing Budgets, Coaching, Supervision, Staffing, Project Management, Management Proficiency, Process Improvement, Tracking Budget Expenses, Self-Development, Planning, Performance Management, Inventory Control, Verbal Communication I.T. Resource Manager / Dispatcher Business Information Solutions - Robertsdale, AL July 2011 to September 2012 Responsible for the administrative management of a professional staff of desktop support engineers and IT field engineers. Provided mentoring, guidance, performance counseling, and corrective action on a regular basis. Provided formalized feedback through the annual review process and developed individualized development plans.    Responsible for the recruiting, interviewing, hiring, and retention of a highly talented and professional staff.    Managed the new hire orientation and training process to ensure a positive and smooth transition to the organization. Analyzed ongoing training, developmental and skill needs and scheduled and provided training as necessary.    Scheduled project assignments and task forces that provided individuals with developmental opportunities.    Developed, maintained and administered incentive pay; programs. Ensured program components accurately reflected the efforts and results of the consultant and the payout is received timely.    Administered the salary administration process and periodically reviewed internal and external equity to ensure that pay plans are competitive.    Compiled and evaluated data received from Implementation Managers and Project Managers regarding consultant performance on a project-by- project basis for use in consultant performance feedback sessions.    Worked closely and effectively with the Implementation Managers and Project Managers on consultant performance and development issues.    Responsible for management of eTime, travel expenses, Plan view time sheet approvals and other associate administrative assignments.    Results Oriented: worked to achieve the highest levels of personal and organizational performance in order to exceed business goals.    Client Focus: Understood the perspective of the client and took actions to integrate their needs. Problem Analysis/ Resolution: Gathered information necessary to make decisions, anticipated, identified, resolved problems in a timely manner. Education BS in Risk Management George Mason University - Arlington, VA August 1997 to July 2001 design USA Signal School Skills Help Desk, Desktop Support, Service Desk Certifications/Licenses A valid IT Specialist certification CompTIA A+ April 1998 to Present CompTIA Network+ June 2004 to Present CompTIA Security+ July 2004 to Present MCP August 2002 to Present MCSA September 2002 to Present MCSE November 2002 to Present Project+ October 2017 to Present Microsoft Word Present Microsoft Excel Present