IT Project Manager, Data Analytics <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>, Data Analytics IT Project Manager, Data Analytics - American International Group Charlotte, NC Project Management, HRIS, HRIT bi-lingual professional. Highly organized and experienced providing Business Analysis task coordination as well as HRIS reporting, analysis and interpretation of HR statistics to enable leaders the ability to make business decisions based on sound analytical data looking at past, present and future trends. Self-starter and fast learner with experience working with large data sets and data visualization tools. Possess strong written and verbal communication skills along with project leadership, analytical, problem solving and decision-making skills. Work Experience IT Project Manager, Data Analytics American International Group - Charlotte, NC 2017 to Present Advise leadership and/or business stakeholders regarding project portfolio and manage delivery of strategic business  initiatives.  • Perform data analysis and solve for data issues using BI and Data Visualization tools (SQL, Tableau, Power BI, Qlick  View)  • Monitor programatic jobs in ETL tool (IBM DataStage) to ensure upstream data is loaded successfully.  • Develop and implement formal project management artifacts and business requirement practices to maintain worker  data management portfolio.  • Deliver executive presentations regarding the program's overall status.  • Develop comprehensive progress reports on all active work streams to be submitted to the program sponsor.  • Drive key initiatives as the representative contact for the Worker Program.  • Run status meetings with groups of individuals with diverse roles, skills and backgrounds.  • Monitor the initiating, planning, executing and closing of project work streams and sub-sets.  • Monitor the overall prioritization criteria and work closely with Program Sponsor.  • Reviews high-level deliverables across practice and ensure engagement reviews and quality assurance procedures take  place for all project engagements. Brand Manager, HR Analytics Domtar - Fort Mill, SC January 2016 to December 2016 Interface with Function VPs, managers, business analysts, subject matter experts, system super users, Third Party  service provider and end users concerning business information needs and data management.  • Function as HR Lead in a company-wide development and implementation project of an HR analytics support system  serving as Business Analyst and liaison between key business stakeholders and the technical implementation (BI)  team.  • Meet with HR management to discuss and clarify requests for projects, highlight issues, and make recommendations  to address issues and priorities.  • Partner with functional leaders to identify key metrics that drive desired business outcomes.  • Ensure compliance with Data Privacy and Protection Guidelines.  • Participate in the development of the Future Support Model ensuring that Roles & Responsibilities are assigned. Data Analyst III, Global HRIS SPX Corp - Charlotte, NC 2014 to 2016 Manage HCM (SuccessFactors) system structure and data at a global level (including Employee Central, Recruiting,  Compensation, Performance, Succession & Development, Workforce Analytics & Reporting, SAP Jam) providing  training support to local administrators on full set of employee transactions (Hire-to-Retire) and manager workflow.  • Provide complex data analysis and function as reporting SME for Data Analytics module in SuccessFactors HCM  (ORD - Advanced Reporting, Report Designer, Detailed Reporting; Workforce analytics; Ad-Hoc; Dashboards;  Dashboards 2.0).  • Work as Lead Test for HCM modules (Employee Central, Performance, Recruiting, Compensation, Analytics)  performing Unit and User Acceptance testing while developing test scripts for each module.  • Provide reporting support to Regional HR teams for scheduled events such as pay planning and annual enrollment.  • Run data protocols and audits to maintain data integrity  • Partner with HRIS Managers to design complex queries and escalate trends in local data requests for automated  reporting recommendations.  • Support interactive training programs that promote greater self-service and increase knowledge of HCM  (SuccessFactors) system capabilities. Includes delivering training to certain users as applicable.  • Monitor system utilization and data needs to identify design improvements and functionality requirements.  • Provide subject matter expertise on projects and initiatives as assigned. Analyst, Global HRIS Kennametal Inc - Fort Mill, SC 2013 to 2014 Provide analytical support for the global HRIS function for corporate functions, such as Total Rewards, Global Talent  Acquisition, Organizational Effectiveness, and other functions. Support includes submitting IT tickets for system  corrections or improvements and providing first tier testing support for the end user.  • Analyze systems, processes, and data to provide functional support for existing global applications, such as E- Recruiting and Enterprise Compensation Management (ECM) modules in SAP.  • Perform root cause analysis of HRIS issues as they arise, working directly with Information Technology and the Human Resources stakeholders to ensure issues are resolved and root causes identified.  • Monitor data integrity in HRIS systems through quality control audits; work directly with the HR community and regional HRIS to resolve data discrepancies and improve related processes  • Design, generate, and analyze reports in SAP both on a scheduled and ad hoc basis utilizing data analytics tools such as SAP BI/BW and Tableau 8.2  • Participate on Lean/Six Sigma projects designed to explore and implement new tools to provide support for global  corporate processes, such as Talent Management, Training Event Management, or the use of non-SAP tools, such as MS Sharepoint. HRIS Analyst Compass Group - Charlotte, NC 2012 to 2013 Work as a liaison between Human Resources and Information Technology Departments to provide systems support  and analysis and to leverage technology solutions to meet the needs of HR and users of HR information systems throughout the company.  • Write, maintain and support a variety of scheduled reports and ad-hoc queries, such as Turnover, Retention, LOA,  Service Award Dates, etc., utilizing appropriate reporting tools, including SAP and CPM.  • Assist in development of standard reports for ongoing customer needs as well as maintain data integrity by running  queries and analyzing data.  • Log issues of HR staff and those experienced by the public in Remedy ticket tracking system and follow up with users  to ensure issues were resolved.  • Create complex queries to provide program statistics for management. Arrange data in spreadsheets to perform  calculations, find percentages and determine ratios. Analyze and interpret statistics to provide overview of findings. Regional HR Analyst Merck - Charlotte, NC 2011 to 2012 Analyze, evaluate and resolve HR issues escalated by Managers and Employees in the Americas region (Mexico,  Brazil, Puerto Rico and other countries in Latin America).  • Process SAP to PeopleSoft reports and evaluate discrepancies to perform appropriate corrections.  • Initiate employment verifications and other data verification requests.  • Provide timely and accurate completion of HR transactions in SAP and PeopleSoft including LOA coordination, new  hire set-up/provisioning, maintain employee data, etc.  • Prioritize and handle multiple tasks in a detail oriented and organized manner while working in a fast paced  environment.  • Provide back-office transaction processing in support of other HR service center functions, such as moderately  complex data entry, reconciliation, and customer follow up.  • Work as a team member performing various tasks across HR disciplines both on and off the phone. Escalate and/ or transfer calls/cases to other provider groups, as needed. Strategic Account Specialist Johnson & Johnson / HealthMedia, Inc - Ann Arbor, MI 2009 to 2011 • Provide tactical and technical support for current HealthMedia (HMI) clients.  • Act as liaison between the customer and the development team to facilitate new customer implementations.  • Facilitate client communications as needed to develop quotes and execute change requests.  • Coordinate provision of agreed upon programs, services, reporting, and other deliverables.  • Account Management: Managed direct relationship with multiple clients - from large Health Insurance providers to Fortune 500 employers - via daily communication with executive level contacts in order to maintain strong client  relationship and generate upsell opportunities, review service needs and participation trends.  • Project Management: Responsible for overseeing successful product integration launches through every step of the process - from gathering customer assets and delivering to development team to QA, UAT and production  deployment. Scheduled regular meetings with client in order to provide project status updates.  • Product Support: Responsible for providing and triaging appropriate client product support post integration launch  to ensure standard and client specific Service Level Agreements are met. Education Master of Business Administration in Business Management Walsh College - Troy, MI 2011 Bachelor of Business Administration in Business Management Baker College - Auburn Hills, MI 2004 Skills HRIS/HRIT (SAP HCM: PA/OM/BI/BW/E-Recruiting/ECM/Enterprise Portal, ESS, MSS) (SuccessFactors HCM: Employee Central/ Data Analytics: ORD – Advanced Reporting, Report Designer, Detailed Reporting; Workforce analytics; Ad-Hoc; Dashboards; Dashboards 2.0) ? Business Analysis (Agile, Jira, IBM Blueworks, MS Visio) ? Data Transformation/ETL (IBM Infosphere DataStage) ? Data Analytics & Visualization (MS Power BI, Tableau, QlickView, IBM Cognos, MySQL, MS SQL Server, MS Access) ? Testing (UAT, Unit, Regression, Parallel) ? Test script development ? PeopleSoft ? Remedy ? ServiceNow ? ServiceDesk ? Lean/Six Sigma Tools (VSM, FMEA) ? Training & Development ? Technical Writing ? Communication/Presentation skills ? Technical Troubleshooting (Software/Hardware) ? SharePoint/Office 365, PM, SDLC Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/aespana Additional Information Fluent in Spanish and French