Regional IT Infrastructure Service Manager Regional <span class="hl">IT</span> Infrastructure Service <span class="hl">Manager</span> Regional IT Infrastructure Service Manager - Syngenta Greensboro, NC Work Experience Regional IT Infrastructure Service Manager Syngenta - Greensboro, NC March 2016 to Present Responsible for client interaction/stakeholder management in area of responsibility, operating and improving services and compliance in alignment with regional and global IT organization. Focused on service improvement, implementation, and innovation.  Accomplishments:  § Main liaison for 3rd party service providers. Coordinates with supplier managers to plan and manage outsourced teams both on shore and off shore. Accountable for serval million dollars in contracts.  § Implements and drives the supplier management strategy ensuring the full service delivery team understands and works  according to defined service framework, process standards and SLA while using ITIL framework.  § Supports multiple IT projects for handing over to steady state to ensure successful service support sustainability.  § Manages IT Services communications to 6,000+ users in country or zone of operation.  § Single point of escalation for the clients and global delivery managers, streamlining end to end deliverables.  § Budget management, SoW sign-off and negotiations with both internal and external stakeholders.  § Accountable for negotiations and SLAs benchmarking for vendors.  § Manages IT infrastructure, hardware, and software license inventory for the region. Account Support Associate ( Project Manager) Ernst & Young - Nashville, TN June 2015 to Present Accountable for a wide range of administration and project coordination for engagement and/or account teams, acting as a chargeable member.  Interface regularly with engagement team members and external client personnel on large, complex multi-location engagements/accounts. Make  independent decisions, exercising sound judgment and discretion.  Accomplishments:  § Acted as the knowledge manager and project manager for the engagement team, and manage databases and various information  systems.  § Actively projected risks, and opportunities for improving processes and cost saving.  § Simultaneously coordinated multi-location engagements, using effective communications systems.  § Responsible for engagement economics matters such as charged hours, budgets, estimates to complete, fees, billings, Work in Process spreadsheets. Regional Human Resources & Financial Management Center Intern U.S Department of State, U.S. Embassy Bangkok - Bangkok, TH June 2013 to August 2013 Facilitated the hiring of summer interns and future direct hires. Constructed a process to modernize the check-in and diplomatic residency visa  processes. Maintained account receivable records for the public sector of the Embassy's ICASS budget.  Accomplishments:  § Reduced the check-in processing time of American direct hires by 30 minutes or 50%.  § Implemented the Embassy's Emergency Management System into the American direct hire check-in process.  § Reduced billing between Timor-Leste and the Bangkok Regional Financial Center by 5 days by revising financial policies to ensure accurate and consistent billing.  § Improved general recruitment and staffing services for the Embassy's direct hire program, increasing the number of processed  applications by 20% during the hiring season. Small Business Consultant/Analyst U.S. Peace Corps June 2010 to July 2012 Established a community needs assessment program with local business owners and farmers to identify economic threats within the community.  Promoted economic and agricultural growth through the application of basic business analysis and marketing competence. Served as an envoy for diversity within Peace Corps, Moldova.  Accomplishments:  § Founded "Strategia de Afaceri" - an after school business program focused on career planning and creative thinking for 20 local  high school students in the District of Drochia.  § Co-founded "Mici Dintii Curati" with the partnership of the American Dental Association - a dental program to increase pediatric  dental hygiene.  § Wrote and received a USAID-funded grant of $5,000 to expand job training and job placement for a Tractor-Trailer training  school. 100% of participants received job placement after completion of the program.  § Established a sustainable program for at risk children focused on skill training for the youth. Raised $300 for the participants to learn the cultivation of mushrooms.  § Facilitated a seminar for local Moldovan farmers centered on organic agriculture techniques and marketing. Education Master of Business Administration in Business Administration University of Texas at San Antonio - San Antonio, TX May 2014 Bachelor of Science in Agriculture and Resource Economics University of Florida - Gainesville, FL December 2009