Radio Systems Project Manager Radio Systems <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Radio Systems Project Manager Colorado Springs, CO Experienced system manager with a demonstrated history of working in the law enforcement industry. Skilled in Microsoft Word, Emergency Management, Operational Planning, Management, and Training. Strong information technology professional. Serves as a project manager for integrating and managing implementation of telecommunications data, voice, and video networks including all hardware and software relating to conventional and trunked radio and microwave systems. Oversees the functions of dispatch consoles, phone systems and switches, and PC computers that support the dispatch and E-911 communications systems. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Radio Systems Project Manager EL PASO COUNTY SHERIFF'S OFFICE - Colorado Springs, CO May 2017 to Present • Serves as a project manager and ensures the effective operation of the Sheriff's Office emergency dispatch radio and communications networks and equipment.  • Provides effective program management for the design, procurement, installation, repair, replacement, fabrication, and maintenance of radio, microwave, telecommunications, computer, CAD and related communications electronic systems through long and short-range planning and assessing long and short-term user requirements.  • Oversees the development, implementation and/or acquisition of hardware and corresponding software systems. Coordinates project implementations with users and technical staff. Coordinates development of innovative approaches to resolve user problems.  • Maintains a highly technical and current knowledge of program management systems and best practices.  • Ensures implementation and support of telecommunications data, voice and video networks including hardware and software relating to the proposed trunked radio and microwave system.  • Ensures compliance with all FCC regulations, standards and specifications by reviewing major in-progress and completed designs, installations, specifications, and repairs and ensuring all documentation remains current with federal regulations.  • Ensures preparation of accurate financial and statistical information for the section in conjunction with the Communications Manager. Consults with bureaus, divisions and sections regarding correct expenditures for radio and communications equipment.  • Prepares reports and presentations for the Support Operations Division, Sheriff and staff as well as federal, state and local governing bodies.  • Visits remote antenna sites for inspections, preventive maintenance and repairs by self and service contractors. 25U Signal Support Systems Specialist Army Reserve - Colorado Springs, CO March 2017 to Present • Responsible for operating and maintaining communications equipment, and field communications equipment for my unit to include EPLRS, SINCGARS, ASIP, JCR, 6.5 platforms, FBCB2, BFT systems, and other associated radio equipment. Cryptologic Technician ARMY reserves Present Responsible for loading encryption into appropriate radio systems. IT Support/ Desktop Support (Temp contract) El Paso County Sheriff's DEPT - Colorado Springs, CO July 2016 to September 2016 • Provides technical assistance, support, and gives advice when users may need when resolving information.  • Interpret problems and provide technical support and training on software and related equipment.  • Knowledgeable in computer hardware, software, peripherals, and Information Technology systems.  • Installs, repairs, and maintains personal and mobile computer hardware.  • Performs day to day maintenance and support of PC and mobile based.  • Knowledgeable in software programs used by the Sheriffs Office.  • As a technician, assisted users with resolving problems with specialized and dedicated technology systems.  • Supported Sheriffs Office IT projects by assisting with technical support, training, equipment installation and repair, and software support.  • Managed user accounts and permissions in the Active Directory.  • Annually audit user accounts list.  • Worked with Command Staff to implement IT directives. Systems Administrator, Network Enterprise Center MCSG Technologies - Fort Carson, CO January 2016 to June 2016 *    Manage Windows network (users and computers) with Active Directory to support customers in Continental United States (CONUS) and Outside Continental United States (OCONUS).  *    Support Blue Force Tracking (BFT) helpdesk computerized and manual records & databases for a wide range of customers and office support while incorporating new technologies as each is implemented.  *    Assist in performing monthly maintenance backup and restorative functions for virtual systems to ensure anti-virus software and security patches are routinely updated.  *    Provide help-desk support (password reset/unlock, second level troubleshooting, process/  close tickets) to all Joint Battle Command-Platform (JBC-P) users both terrestrial and Satellite Communications based to ensure daily operations are successful.  *    Perform hardware and network system repairs for Joint Battle Command-Platform (JCB-P) Joint Capabilities Release (JCR), and Blue Force Tracking systems to ensure customers have functioning equipment for operations and missions to perform at an optimum pace.  *    Observe tactical servers and systems associated with JBC-P Operations through VMware VSphere Client to ensure parameters are accurate for distribution of data to customers. Communications and Network Support Technician PENNSYLVANIA ARMY NATIONAL GUARD - Torrance, PA June 2010 to June 2016 • Performed troubleshooting of internal, and external systems.  • Installed and configured VOIP phones with Cisco Unified Call Manager and Call Manager Express  • Performed network management functions (e.g. issuing IPs, setting up DHCP and monitoring SNMP) in support of maintaining, troubleshooting, and reengineering of nodal assets as needed in support of peacetime resulting in proper functions with almost no network errors, as well as little to no network downtime due to errors and outages.  • Provided secure and reliable network access to Army command and support staff  • Implemented routing protocols (OSPF, EIGRP), access/trunk ports, VLANs, access control lists (ACL), console/VTY access, and DHCP services on Cisco routers and switches  • Enhanced network monitoring and remote management through SNMP and SSH  • Resolved network issues through effective troubleshooting techniques: router/switch commands, debugs, loopbacks, protocol analyzers and system performance tools  • Performed regular system and equipment maintenance to include patch installation and security updates Military Service Branch: ARMY Reserves Service Country: United States Rank: E5 June 2010 to Present Responsible for operating and maintaining communications equipment, and field  communications equipment for my unit. Performed maintenance on all internal equipment by installation and configurations of secure, and non-secure networks and performed troubleshooting of internal and external systems. Certifications/Licenses IS-200.b May 2017 to Present (ICS) for single resources initial action incidents ICS-300 May 2017 to Present Intermediate ICS for expanding incidents IS-700.a May 2017 to Present National Incident Management System, An Introduction Is-800.b May 2017 to Present National Response Framework (NFR), An Introduction ICS-400 Advanced ICS Command and General Staff October 2018 Certified to hold an Advanced System key for the state through Motorola and Tait radios ICS-100 May 2017 to Present Introduction to the Incident Command System RDS1018 APX CPS Programming and Template building Part 1 RDS1019 APX CPS Programming and Template building Part 2 ACS714430 ASTRO 25 IV&D with Core system overview ACT101E- Bridging the Knowledge Gap- System Administrator Colorado Interoperability Training- Module 2 Interoperability Basics Colorado Interoperability Training- Module 1 Radio 101 Colorado Interoperability Training- Module 3 Colorado Interoperability Additional Information SKILLS  • Dynamic, results-oriented professional with extensive military logistic management experience.  • Field level maintenance on electronic nodal assemblages, combat net radios.  • Perform system/network operations, and correct system faults.  • Hard working, and well-versed in supply and inventory management.  • Skilled in leadership, project management, motivating employees to drive exceeding results.  • Outstanding communication skills and problem solving, as well as superior customer relationship skills with both internal, external customers.  ? Quick Learner/ Adaptable  ? Computer Savvy: MS Office, Excel  ? Independent Problem Solver  ? Dependable  ? Organized Multi-tasker  ? Strong Marketing Skills  ? Strong Verbal Communication  ? Effective Team Leader