Lead Technical Support Engineer Lead Technical Support Engineer Lead Technical Support Engineer - Microsoft Bothell, WA Work Experience Lead Technical Support Engineer Microsoft - Redmond, WA 2018 to Present Perform deep technical investigations that traverses rich telemetry streams to isolate and solve complex performance issues for Surface Hub & partners  Key Achievements:  * Improved cross-functional development and achieved milestones by writing specifications and addressing systematic problems in our process  * Developed tools to track and communicate changes in XYZ collections web product pages ensuring opportune marketing communication and coordination of critical promotions worldwide. Data Center operation manager U.S. Army - Joint Base Lewis McChord, WA 2016 to 2018 Directed all functional areas and activities within the data center, supporting all mission-critical applications, and prepared budget proposals for capital projects to the senior executive teams.  Key Achievements:  * Deployed a hospitality network to provide a wireless Internet and printer services for clients, guest, and employees' personal computers, increasing customer satisfaction.  * Redesigned the primary datacenter to expand port density and power distribution in conjunction with network upgrades and saving 300K+ the first year. Network Team Chief U.S. Army - Grafenwoehr, DE 2015 to 2016 Germany  Orchestrated the successful deployment of a 4 GB SAN architecture and successfully migrated the company from legacy storage to new 60TB high-performance solution.  Key Achievements  * Ensured the smooth running of operations by aligning team's satellite development process 20% through bridging communications gap between teams in Germany, Norway, Estonia, Bulgaria, and Lithuania  * Designed and implemented migration & security compliance strategies on L2/L3 switches & routers improving fixability and security throughout the network. Senior Signal Team Chief U.S. Army - Riga, LV May 2015 to August 2015 Latvia  Headed intranet project operations from inception to completion with the cooperation of production administration to identify requirements, assess products, and design the infrastructure to support a more flexible scheduling system.  Key Achievement:  * Successfully drove continuous process improvements, increased flexibility and traffic management in the network designing and implementing multi-layer, scalable network across all sites. Signal Team Leader U.S. Army - Helsinki, FI January 2015 to March 2015 Finland  Supervised and integrated the installation, operation, and maintenance of signal support systems. Provided technical assistance for local area networks and conducted maintenance on equipment.  Key Achievements:  * Commended by management for improving cross-functional development and achieving milestones through writing specifications and addressing systematic problems enhancing the host nations signal footprint. Technical Project Manager, Integration U.S. Army - Bamberg, DE 2014 to 2015 Germany  Designed and implemented multi-layer, scalable network across all sites. This new infrastructure paved the way for increased flexibility and traffic management in the network  Key Achievements    * Designed and implemented hardware and virtualization solutions for midrange customers, lists and email servers achieving 70% reduction in overhead while increasing security with SSL-based single-sign-on for administrators  * Launched a successful optimized and defined strategic direction involving migration procedures and processes that saved thousands of dollars the first quarter Network Systems Technician U.S. Army - Seoul, KR 2012 to 2014 South Korea  Delivered active functional support and assistance in internal investigations, including department personnel, assets and proprietary information. Utilized complex technologies and communication protocols that translated client needs  Key Achievement:  * Successfully saved $426,070 amount in first year by re-designing primary datacenter to expand port density and power distribution as per network upgrades.  * Accountable for $4 million of hardware used to analyze, log, track, and complex software and hardware matters of significance pertaining to networking connectivity issues, printer, server, and application to meet organization needs. IT Support Technician U.S. Army - KR 2010 to 2012 South Korea  Provided technical support for 500+ users and ensured proper maintenance of workstations, printers, and peripherals. Responded to user service request and expediently resolved trouble tickets to maximize system up-time. Deployed new workstations and printers, installed operating systems applications, and drivers, and configured network properties and hardware.  Key Achievement:  * Successfully maintained and outstanding record of technical support service, resolving 92% of all tickets within 24 hours. Closed an average of 120 tickets/month in addition to supporting other department projects. Decreased time-to-close tickets by 48%.  * Implemented and managed internal technical documentation procedures and provided internal user training to a 200+ American, South Korean, and Vietnamese personnel, thus reducing required IT resources. U.S. Army - IQ 2009 to 2010 Iraq Education Bachelor of Science in Information Technology in Software Development University of Phoenix April 2020 Skills CISCO, DATA CENTER, FIREWALLS, NETWORK SECURITY, NETWORKING Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/jermaine-pope Additional Information TECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES  Skills:  • Java C++ Python Linux .NET Microsoft SQL Server TCP/IP Network+ Security+  • Cisco Systems Products Network Security VMware Firewalls Networking Virtualization  • Security Data Center Virtual Private Network (VPN) Network Architecture Cloud Computing  • Storage Disaster Recover Azure Information systems Cyber Security Satellite Communications