PMO & Applications Manager PMO &amp; Applications <span class="hl">Manager</span> Riverview, FL Motivated PMP Certified Project Manager with more than 5 years in project management in the IT industry. Provides a unique blend of technical, process and business expertise. Offers an in-depth understanding of project life cycles and project development methodologies applied in a fast-paced environment. Self-motivated, innovative and goal-oriented management professional with extensive Healthcare IT experience who is skilled at mediation and conflict resolution. Drives company growth through analytical expertise and crafting the right solution to fulfill business needs. Work Experience PMO & Applications Manager Physician Partners of America - Tampa, FL February 2019 to Present • Manage operational activities and projects to ensure alignment with strategic initiatives  • Implement and provide guidance on PMO structure, processes and policies  • Collaborate with key stakeholders to define, prioritize and develop projects and programs  • Execute projects and programs in alignment with approved project or department budgets  • Process optimization throughout the enterprise  • Allocate resources for operational requirements and strategic initiatives  • Analysis of performance or financial data to assist leadership in decision making  • Technical aptitude and familiarity with enterprise healthcare systems  • Management and mentoring of project management team and technical/application members  • Performs qualitative and quantitative analysis IT Project Manager Physician Partners of America - Tampa, FL June 2017 to February 2019 • Implemented several high visibility and complexity enterprise projects including Telcor lab billing software, AX Dynamics  • Managed the entire project lifecycle  • Led strategic planning and alignment discussions while maintaining visibility and understanding of the tactical objectives  • Acted as a change agent to drive teams toward success  • Ensured fluid communication with executive leadership, management, project sponsors, stakeholders, and project team  • Identify resource needs and coordinate allocation of resources to deliver quality standards on time and within budget  • Performed root cause analysis on project shortfalls and takes corrective action as necessary IT Support Services Manager Laser Spine Institute - Tampa, FL January 2013 to June 2017 • Developed and refined SLA's (Service Level Agreements).  • Applied and enforce KPI's (Key Performance Indicators) to IT Department.  • Applied Six Sigma and ITIL structure and methodology to existing procedures within all of IT department.  • Coached and mentored staff members, including conducting performance reviews.  • Ensured network, system and data availability and integrity through preventative maintenance and upgrades.  • SME for various critical IT systems.  • Provided excellent customer service in all interactions and enforce standards in team.  • Led interdepartmental communication efforts on issue resolution.  • Conducted interviews with key business users to collect information on business processes and user requirements.  • Mapped current processes and offered recommendations for improvement. Business Analyst Laser Spine Institute - Tampa, FL October 2015 to May 2016 • Directed all phases of IT projects, from Initiating to Closing.  • Developed training and provided hands on learning for end users.  • Assessed vendor products and maintained positive vendor relations.  • Translated business goals, feature concepts and customer needs into prioritized product requirements and use cases.  • Translated technical specifications into detailed product requirements.  • Established criteria for each milestone within product roadmap as means to measure developmental progress.  • Led development and enforcement of IT Governance; change control champion  • Ensured HIPAA compliance through partnership with internal stakeholders  • Recommended process and systems improvements such as Medical Records workflow enhancement. Applications Specialist Laser Spine Institute - Tampa, FL August 2013 to October 2015 • Served as system administrator for 5+ critical IT healthcare systems  • Developed educational material and trained 400+ users  • Tier 3 technical support for high priority or sensitive incidents  • Spearheaded PACS Replacement Initiative, resulting in reliability and productivity improvements for a team of 400  • Drove creation of innovative and intuitive product features such as Infinitt Send Local DICOM  • Led communication with stakeholders regarding product goals and progress made  • Developed executive presentations and reports to facilitate project evaluation and process improvement  • Directed planning, budgeting, vendor selection and quality assurance efforts IT Support Associate Laser Spine Institute - Tampa, FL January 2013 to August 2013 • Created documentation for various IT and end user process and procedures.  • Provide training for new IT support staff.  • Worked with business leadership to develop technology solutions for business problems.  • Researched, troubleshot and resolved complex problems independently.  • Coordinated and Implemented customer facing IT Projects. Education Bachelors of Applied Science in Technology Development and Management St. Petersburg College July 2020 Associate of Science DeVry University - Tampa, FL June 2011 Skills HIPAA, ITIL, PCI, SOX, DYNAMICS, Excel, Sharepoint, Project Management, PMP Certifications/Licenses A valid IT Specialist certification