Business Analyst Project Coordinator Business Analyst <span class="hl">Project</span> Coordinator Business Analyst Project Coordinator - Comcast Richmond, VA Work Experience Business Analyst Project Coordinator Comcast - Richmond, VA July 2018 to Present Contact Position)  Build lasting relationships with builders and developers throughout Comcast's Beltway Region (VA, DC, MD, DE). Collect, organize, and analyze streams of data, both internal and external from developers, to target future areas of development of Comcast's coverage map. Distributing the processed data to the proper Construction Coordinator in a given territory, with the purpose of streamlining their day-to-day tasks, allowing them to be more efficient out in the field. Tasked with creating weekly reports for the Construction Team. Account Manager Stone's Office Equipment Richmond, VA April 2017 to July 2018 Outside sales account manager tasked with serving the Downtown Richmond territory. Trained on Sharp, Lexmark, and Xerox products. Dealt with prospecting new clients, cold calling prospects, building a strong rapport, and finalizing sales. Training the customers on the equipment being purchased was also a large aspect of the job. In addition to the sales and training, installation of the equipment and software was needed. This included setting up the equipment on the local and cloud networks, setting up Windows 10 administrator access to the equipment, installing Windows 10 drivers, and troubleshooting any problems that arose during installation. Day to day activities entered and tracked into Compass CRM software. Provide IT support to physicians and clinical staff on the use E-Corp Analyst Sentara Healthcare - Charlottesville, VA August 2016 to April 2017 Charlottesville, VA - August 2016 to April 2017 (Contract Position)  Provide IT support to physicians and clinical staff on the use of system-wide electronic medical record software (EMR), including installation of the software on Windows 10 and Mac systems, and updating drivers as necessary. Provided on-site training for MD Office and Epic software suite. Assisted with scheduling the team meetings with local practices. Created reports daily of the activates that were completed at each practice that day. Territory Sales Representative Grainger Industrial Supply Richmond, VA October 2015 to August 2016 Completed Grainger's 3 month training program, including 2 trips to Grainger Headquarters in Illinois. Managed an account of 300+ companies, ranging in size from 5 employees to 1000+ employees. Met with purchasers of these companies and assisted them in finding solutions to make their business run more efficiently. Used both CRM and Sales Force programs to schedule my weeks and manage by client list. Tasked with expanding my account package I prospected new business to be taken into the Grainger package. Handled all aspects of business to business sales, from prospecting the client, setting up Grainger accounts, assisting with ECommerce, educating clients about products, constructing training seminars, quoting prices, processing sales/ returns, and most importantly forming relationships with my clients. Left due to corporate lay-off of over 1500 employees. Assistant Store Manager Game Stop Colonial Heights, VA January 2013 to October 2015 Assisted with hiring, coaching and managing the 10 member employee staff, as well as training any new staff members. Merchandising according to set planograms, as well as creating, developing and building displays from scratch to make our store unique. Tracking sales and analyzing data of all store associates. Encourage, develop & training staff on new selling techniques to improve associate sales numbers. Promoting the new Gamestop retail credit card and store rewards card, for growing the overall business of the store. Responsible for loss prevention issues in the retail store. This included reviewing the DVR weekly, running deposits to the bank, counting money at the beginning and end of each day, and doing weekly counts of products to limit shrink. Responsible for shipping & receiving merchandise daily Education BA in Mass Communications Strategic Advertising in Mass Communications Virginia Commonwealth University 2009 to Present Skills B2b sales, Consumer sales, Crm, Sap, Salesforce.com, Networking, Windows 10, Microsoft office, B2b, It support, Customer service Additional Information Skills  Years of customer service experience. Proficient in Microsoft office products, Windows 10, networking, Google Apps, SAP CRM, Compass, Sherpa, and Salesforce.com. Trained in B2B sales and consumer sales. Desktop IT support.