Firearms Operations Outfitter Firearms Operations Outfitter Software Developer, Project Manager, & IT Professional Richmond, KY I am a multidisciplinary Information Systems Professional seeking opportunities to increase and apply my breadth and depth of knowledge. My passions are Software Engineering and Project Management. My philosophy is to learn through immersion; I seek to fully understand the needs of my employer and those we serve, to gain insight into specialty business operations, and to provide creative solutions to complex challenges. My career is driven by the desire to make a difference, stay challenged, and keep learning. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Firearms Operations Outfitter Cabela's Inc. - Lexington, KY March 2018 to Present Firearms Operations Outfitter:    Responsibilities:  In addition to all duties of a Firearms Outfitter, Certified Firearms Greeter, and Captain this position is responsible for proper intake and disposition of firearms onto and off of the Bound Book. Process and complete all outbound ISP orders. Perform triple-check of prior day's 4473's and Firearm Disposition Forms. Coordinate with FCP, Corporate ATF Compliance, and other relevant parties for Audits and other regulatory processes. Maintain strict compliance with Federal, State, and Corporate regulations.    Accomplishments:  Named Employee of the Month for October 2018. Named Firearms Outfitter of the year for 2018. Awarded Star Card by FCP for cross-training in the Firearms Library and providing additional coverage when needed. Firearms Outfitter Cabela's Inc. - Lexington, KY October 2017 to March 2018 Firearms Outfitter    Responsibilities:  Heavily customer-facing SME (Subject Matter Expert) who is responsible for assisting lawfully eligible individuals with purchase of, and education of safe handling/storage of, firearms. Responsible for high attention to detail in proper completion of Federal Forms (4473 and 3310). Ensure all Federal, State, and Local laws are followed and all Cabela's policies and safety SOPs are obeyed at all times. Keep up to date on the latest industry, legal, and political developments affecting the industry. Always diligently ensure each sale is to the actual purchaser (NO Strawman purchases) and report/halt any suspicious purchase to Management for proper handling.     Accomplishments:  Twice recognized store-wide by Top Tier Management for reports of outstanding customer service. Developed relationships with clients by inquiring about their particular situation and needs to the point of being asked for by name. Was one of the first Firearms Outfitters off of the "Zero List" in 2018. IT Resource Manager / Installation Project Manager IT Network Consultants - Lexington, KY February 2016 to September 2017 IT Resource Manager / Installation Project Manager 1 Year   IT Network Consultants, LLC; 1143 Brock McVey Drive, Lexington, KY 40509  Coordinate and manage team of IT Systems Engineers to ensure client support requests are addressed in a timely manner. Monitor and support day-to-day Operations. Provide Tier 1 Support during peak times. Prototyped two hybrid/mobile applications to integrate into ConnectWise that could potentially save the company a minimum of $28,000 per annum. Became Checkpoint Sales certified, Datto Sales certified, and Datto Technical Specialist Level 1.    Due to business need, I was transitioned to Project Manager within the Installation Wing of the company. I created documentation for existing processes as well as diagrams for recommended changes based on the ITIL ITSM. Some of these processes were for overseas contractors who were engaged to assist with daily Logistics. These documents ensured consisted results regardless of which contractor was on shift. IT Help Desk Technician / IT Service Coordinator Credit Solutions, LLC - Lexington, KY August 2015 to January 2016 Responsibilities  Supports end users’ workstations, software applications, and peripheral devices. Maintained IT equipment and general upkeep. Monitored and maintained Physical and Network Security systems integral to multiple Compliance postures.    Accomplishments  1. Markedly improved Network security via Active Directory Group Policy and Firewall rules.   2. Developed custom .NET applications to address needs surfacing due to increased security.  3. Interfaced with Compliance Officer to update Physical Security Policy, Network Security Policy, Personally Identifying Information Storage & Transmission Policy, Acceptable Use Policy, and other documents particular to business specific protocols.  4. Assisted with training and retraining of personnel to ensure understanding of tools available and the proper use of these tools given Company Policies, Industry regulations, and Federal Laws.  5. Created Intranet page to allow call agents to have quick access to authorized resources.    Skills Used  .NET programming, SQL query analysis, HTML/CSS/JS, Windows Server 2008 R2 Monitoring and Maintenance, Hardware and Software License inventory management, Microsoft Active Directory Management, Network and Desktop troubleshooting techniques, Debugging of Vendor applications resulting in patch production improving the Vendor's products as a whole. Project Manager/Developer Wendell Wilson Business Technology Consulting LLC. - Richmond, KY 2010 to 2014 Responsibilities  Drupal web developer, project consultant, and personal account manager. Maintained client specific websites and web deployments and customized each development with unique and interactive software solutions. Provided consultation services to offer developer insight throughout product lifecycle. Acted as project manager and project lead for major projects and orchestrated communication, development, and documentation with both internal and external resources. Regularly interfaced with marketing firms, providing Feasibility Assessments, Analytics Analysis, and SOW proposals and estimates.    Accomplishments  1. Project Lead and Software Engineer for ground-up rebuild of Kentucky Education Collaborative for State Agency Children (KECSAC) database and program management system. This system was in use for at least five years, allocating over $40,000,000 of taxpayer funds to programs that support children who would otherwise fall through the cracks of our educational/correctional systems.  2. Project Lead and Software Engineer for migration of Rocky Mountain Horse Association from a proprietary CMS to Drupal, integrating their existing CiviCRM system. Assisted with data migration planning, testing, training.  3. Project Manager and interface with contracting Marketing Agency for the renovation of Keeneland's Drupal driven website. Proposed and configured a Drupal Context based management infrastructure to meet client's need to have season-specific site states.    Skills Used  Project Management and Team Leadership Skills, in the vein of the "Servant Leader" philosophy. Casual/Informal Agile Development processes. Web, Desktop, and Mobile programming languages and tools as necessary for specific projects. Developed testing strategies for larger projects. Informal and formal version control systems and processes. Coordinated closely with marketing contractors to produce realistic SOWs, maintaining communication to ensure milestones were met and promised deliverables achieved. Provided Data Analysis to assist in development of new marketing opportunities and provide strategies to up-sell existing offerings. Aikido Instructor - Independent Contractor Contracted by: Ronin Bushido Aikido - Richmond, KY 1997 to 1999 Responsibilities  Achieved Shodan rank in 1997. Served as an instructor for the Japanese martial art Aikido, the way of the harmonious spirit - which is self-defense martial study that primarily deals with  small and large joint manipulation. Responsibilities included education of Martial  Technique/History, maintaining a clean and safe training environment, and adhering to OSHA  standards. Managed attendance and training records, following-up with absentees personally. Catered instruction to needs of students, to include the needs of Law Enforcement/Military personnel vs. civilian personal protection.    Accomplishments  1. Helped grow number of School locations by providing instruction at the HQ Dojo.  2. Encouraged and monitored cross-training of students with multi-discipline backgrounds.  3. Produced students who now apply their training in State and Federal Law Enforcement positions, to include KY Dept. of Corrections and KY DJJ Instructors.  4. Produced students who now own and operate their own, independent, and successful schools.  5. Emphasized to students the importance of continued to learning in all fields, and that every interaction is an opportunity for learning. My motto: "A white belt is a black belt's best friend."    Skills Used  1. Static and Dynamic Hand-to-hand combat/conflict resolution techniques.  2. A strong belief in the "Servant Leader" philosophy.  3. Adherence to OSHA regulations for safety and sanitation.  4. Obtained CPR certification (thankfully never required to be used).  5. Risk assessment and proper judgement regarding training operations to ensure a safe environment. Skills HTML (5 years), PHP (5 years), Javascript (5 years), JQuery (5 years), MySQL (5 years), LAMP Server managment (5 years), C++ (3 years), C# (1 year), Drupal/Joomla/Ruby on Rails CMSs (5 years), Active Directory Management (Less than 1 year), Windows Server 2008 (Less than 1 year), Microsoft Office (5 years), VMWare (1 year), Dreamweaver (3 years), Oracle SQL Developer (Less than 1 year), FTP Clients (5 years), PuTTY (5 years), Computer Forensics Applications (2 years), SVN (2 years), Datto Technical Specialist 1 (Less than 1 year), Customer Service Additional Information Notable Projects:    UK/UKNow – Drupal Development & Cross Platform Testing  -- I was responsible for ensuring both code and layout met Project Standards as specified by the client. This allowed us to package a static set of resources the client could use to develop sites internally, providing greater value.    Keeneland – Project Manager of Web Development  -- I was responsible for, and participated in, the Web. Dev. team's implementation of the creative designs provided in a way that met the business logic we defined during the initial Requirement Specification Analysis phase. We identified a way to streamline the Dev. process, I provided cost analysis and documentation to the client justifying the minimal cost of the change vs. the greater cost of continuing on the same track, and ultimately the client received a more flexible, extensible product. They are able to maintain seasonal site changes internally thanks to this update.    EquiBase – Project Manager of Web Redesign Initiative  -- I acted as PM working with the client to help define what updates could feasibly be implemented on the existing infrastructure. I also identified a user behavior feedback loop during Google Analytics analysis and provided a recommendation for a new service that could capture this lost revenue opportunity.     KECSAC – Project Lead/Software Engineer/DBA for Funds Allocation Software (Bespoke Solution)  -- I managed a team of EKU students for whom participation on the project was a course requirement. However, I was personally responsible for project success and completed implementation of additional client requested features after the course ended. Thanks to the extensive documentation and normalized database design we created I was able to provide iterative updates and new features at the client's request as an employee of WWBTC.    A&W Restaurants – Project Manager of Web Development  -- I worked closely with the Creative Team to keep them informed of the technical limitations of the technologies we were working with. We pushed the limits of what was possible at the time, while warning them of project risk due to variance in User owned technologies. Specifically, I was deeply engaged in the Weather and Store Finder features, with emphasis on the dangers of IP based Geolocation.    Big Ass Fans – Custom Wordpress Plugin Development  -- I interfaced with the Contractor to obtain the behavioral requirements of the requested new feature and worked with our team to implement this within our projected timeline. I kept the client appraised of surprises we found in the extant code that affected client risk and provided options for overcoming these obstacles.