IT Program Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> Fairfield, OH Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Program Manager Luxottica - Mason, OH August 2018 to Present • Reduced number of open support tickets by 30% and average open time by 28 days through improving national support processes for 3,000 North America retail stores  • Identify and develop metrics to drive insight and action with focus on store service experience     • Assist with innovation initiatives across ideation, concept development, and prototyping phases  • Manage projects and communicate problems/progress to business stakeholders  • Review accuracy of monthly costs for North America digital support activity  • Partner with retail business and retail technology teams to ensure alignment of business requirements  • Build and maintain relationships with team members, vendors, and shared service organizations  • Provide updates to leadership Senior Tech Support Specialist Vantiv - West Chester, OH January 2018 to Present Assist merchants with customer service and technical terminal questions in a call center environment Project, IS Project Management University of Cincinnati - Cincinnati, OH February 2018 to July 2018 Review general PM principles with a focus on Agile methodology. Prior Authorization Strategy Intern II Anthem, Inc. - Mason, OH June 2017 to November 2017 Assist in setting up a new Prior Authorization system and gaining experience in the business aspects of system administration and in the set-up of a new PA call center.    Detailed tasks:  Setting up time guidelines in the system to govern turnaround tracking of work  Setting up system and security access for associates  Letter set-up – to ensure the correct letters are sent out to members and providers  Validate and test set-ups when complete  Assist with tracking and fulfilling tasks associated with setting up a new call center including ordering new equipment and licensees’ for new associates  Researching and documenting processes for 10+ SOPs  Assisting with audits and other administrative tasks Certified Pharmacy Technician II Mercy Health Fairfield Hospital February 2015 to June 2017 • Helped to author the installation of outpatient pharmacy's tube system and prior authorization process to streamline the outpatient pharmacy's discharge process.  • Familiarity with RX-1, Epic, PeopleSoft, Lync, Microsoft Outlook, Excel, AmerisourceBergen, Pyxis MedStation, Vantiv, Kirby Lester counting machine, OARRS, and QS/1. Certified Pharmacy Technician Walmart Pharmacy April 2012 to June 2017 • Implement various improvements to bagging, filling, ringing, returning, and log copy processes.   • Effectively communicate and prioritize with others to consistently meet patients' expectations.  • Familiar with Connexus, Mckesson, and SMART. Project, IS Security University Of Cincinnati March 2017 to April 2017 Solved a security dilemma with a proposed Cloud solution integrating a centralized VPN and other factors. Project, Managing BI Projects University Of Cincinnati March 2017 to April 2017 Creating a proposal (including Tableau dashboard and report outlining budget and timeline) considering the connection between body cameras and the number of complaints against police officers. Project, Data Warehousing and BI University Of Cincinnati March 2017 to April 2017 Analyzing fraud and making recommendations based on Sam’s Club data using star schemas and queries. Project, Data Analysis Methods University Of Cincinnati March 2017 to April 2017 Using summary(), sd(), pairs.panels(), par(), hist(), stepAIC, adjusted r squared, ANOVA comparisons, checking for patterns in residual plots, transforming variables via inverse, log, and square functions; checking for multicollinearity, and building the confidence interval to finalize a linear regression model. Teaching Assistant (TA) University Of Cincinnati January 2017 to April 2017 Led a lab teaching Excel and Access to 60 students. Project, Data Visualization University Of Cincinnati January 2017 to February 2017 In Tableau, a 1-page dashboard was created about Public Housing Inspection Info in US and a 2-page dashboard created about the trends occurring in Cincinnati Public High Schools. Project, Data and BI University Of Cincinnati January 2017 to February 2017 Used SPSS Modeler to analyze real crime data in Cincinnati to determine patterns and predictions through 7 functions (Apriori, Sequence, ANN, SVM, Decision Tree, K-Means, and QUEST). Project, Statistical Computing University Of Cincinnati January 2017 to February 2017 Used SAS and R to analyze sample flight data through graphs, regression analyses, and data clean-up. Project, Data Management University Of Cincinnati January 2017 to February 2017 Used SQL to analyze real Cincinnati salary data and Tableau to create further visualizations. Project, XML & Web Services University Of Cincinnati October 2016 to December 2016 In group setting, a shopping app was created alongside its respective video and business plan. Project, ERP I University Of Cincinnati August 2016 to December 2016 Using SAP, a bicycle company was created, complete with sample transactions and invoices. Teaching Assistant University Of Cincinnati - Cincinnati, OH August 2014 to December 2014 Created curriculum and syllabus and led innovative online course combining an Introductory and a Research Methods course in Social Psychology. The more advanced Research students taught the Introductory students from this pre-determined curriculum. In addition, these students completed a final observation project at Findlay Market. Project University Of Cincinnati - Cincinnati, OH August 2014 to December 2014 Working with more than 20 other individuals, we took on the task of evaluating the efficiency of 2000 level Psychology courses within the Bachelor of Psychology Program. Respective professors and students were interviewed and surveyed per our experiment design. Final results and recommendations were presented in an academic paper as well as in a presentation to faculty members. Project University Of Cincinnati - Cincinnati, OH August 2014 to December 2014 A psychology project was created to see whether there was a significant difference in GPA based on differing types of Facebook usage. Appropriate certifications were obtained. Use of surveys and SPSS were used. Results were presented in a final paper. Education Master of Science in Business Administration and Information Systems University of Cincinnati, Carl H. Lindner College of Business - Cincinnati, OH August 2016 to August 2018 Bachelor of Science in Psychology University of Cincinnati, McMicken College of Arts & Sciences - Cincinnati, OH 2010 to 2014 Skills Excel (10+ years), Powerpoint (10+ years), Word Processing (10+ years), Microsoft Office (10+ years), SQL, Business Intelligence, access Certifications/Licenses Real Estate Salesperson License March 2019 Driver's License