Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager - Farmers Insurance Group Charlotte, NC • Over 8+years of experience as a Business Analyst with in-depth knowledge of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and expertise in Agile, Waterfall methodologies.  • Expertise in creating Business Requirement Documents (BRD), Functional, and Non-functional Requirement Specifications (FRS), User stories (Agile) and Business and Technical Process flow diagram utilizing UML (Unified Modeling Language).  • Proficient knowledge of agile methodologies including JIRA and Scrum for Agile Project Management.  • Extensive experience with full Project Life-Cycle evolution.  • Experienced in Business Case development to define ROI on business projects and build consensus on business requirements.  • Played an important role in maintaining project schedules, WBS, issue and decision logs, meeting summaries and status reports to ensure effective, continuous communication within the organization.  • Strong experience in Requirements elicitation techniques - conducting user interviews, document analysis, JAD sessions and managing the requirements.  • Hands on experience in negotiating with stakeholders, both internal and external.  • Established two-way communication between stakeholders and top management.  • Managed multiple projects collaborating with a wide number of departments.  • Hands-on experience in transitioning projects throughout the project life-cycle.  • Explored opportunities to transform existing practices into new cost-effective and more efficient operations.  • Expertise in conducting functional requirements walkthroughs, proficient in Use-Case, Business Process Modeling and Requirement Elicitation Techniques.  • Hands-on experience in dealing with the changing needs of the business users and other stakeholders. Work Experience Project Manager Farmers Insurance Group - Woodland Hills, CA June 2018 to Present Responsibilities:  • Clearly define project objectives, scope of the project and manage resource allocation among multiple on-going projects.  • Organized and held meetings with stakeholders, contractor product teams and customers throughout entire system development life cycle  • Monitor the progress of the project to ensure the project is on track and be able to meet the defined project objectives and deadlines through JIRA.  • Facilitate team meetings and daily stand-ups to discuss about the progress of the project and updating the same to the management.  • Responsible for resource management, project planning, stake-holder management, change management, risk assessment & management and quality assurance.  • Proficient in all phases of Requirement Management, including gathering, analyzing, detailing and tracking requirements.  • Create project objectives, Work Breakdown Structures (WBS), estimates, scheduling, and contingency planning and trade-offs among scope, schedule and resources.  • Conducted interviews, JAD sessions, and requirements workshops and brainstorming sessions for eliciting business requirements.  • Managed client and stakeholder relationships to ensure commitment and involvement, and to ensure effective collaboration.  • Perform data profiling, identify data gaps & risk, define mitigation strategies and manage to resolution.  • Participate in daily sprint planning, daily scrums and sprint review meetings.  • Maintain effective relationships with various internal and external stakeholders.  • Work closely with clients and internal departments to identify project requirements and feasibility.  • Regularly reviewed project documentation and made all important changes to match updates to project scope.    Environment: MS Office, JIRA, Visio, Scrum. IT Business Analyst Kohl's Innovation center - Wauwatosa, WI March 2016 to May 2018 Responsibilities:  • Collaborated with product and engineering team members to define and develop new product concepts.  • Analyze client's business requirements and processes through document analysis, interviews, workshops, and workflow analysis.  • Performed quality assurance, system integration and user acceptance testing facilitating on-time, on-budget completion of several projects.  • Collaborating in the planning, design, development and deployment of new applications, and enhancements to existing applications.  • Monitoring deliverables and ensuring timely completion of projects.  • Evaluating business processes, anticipating requirements, uncovering areas for improvement, and developing and implementing solutions.  • Gathering critical information from meetings with various stakeholders and communicating them to the rest of the team.  • Facilitate sessions with stakeholders to gather requirements, perform requirements analysis, business goals analysis, defining functional and technical specifications, and design user-friendly and workflow-efficient user Interfaces/mock-ups for applications.  • Prioritizing resources based on business needs and requirements.  • Create project plan documentation and define project milestones to be executed by project team while ensuring the optimal use of resources to meet the product objectives.  • Responsible for monitoring, reporting, tracking and providing communicating status of all on-going projects.  • Communicated with internal teams and external clients to deliver functional requirements.    Environment: MS Office, JIRA, Visio, Scrum. IT Business Analyst South point Consulting Inc - Alexandria, VA October 2014 to February 2016 Responsibilities:  • Acting as the lead and primary contact between the development team and product owners for project initiatives and drive continuous process improvement.  • Lead requirements discovery workshops, collaboration session with development teams, stakeholders and product owners.  • Understanding business Process and requirements of users, stakeholders, end-customers, partners and finalizing the scope and functionalities of the application and guide the preparation of wireframes/prototypes.  • Conduct workshops to work with business teams to review, analyze, and evaluate their existing business processes, identify system needs and translate these into business, functional and non-functional requirements (user stories, use cases, and/or functional specifications)  • Initiating the enhancements based on the feedbacks from end-users (post-implementation) within the product backlog.  • Guiding the team in order to deliver quality valuable features for the product under development.  • Proactively identify and track project risk and develop mitigation plans to manage risks on projects.  • Conducting Sprint review sessions with key users and stakeholders so as to get the feedback on the incremented product.  • Communicating with product owners and understanding their ideas.  • Preparing end user documentation for internal and external users.  • Ensured project communication runs smoothly and engaged business and systems stakeholders and decision makers throughout all phases of SDLC.  • Engage client to gather functional and non-functional requirements and ensure all the teams are aligned towards a common goal.    Environment: MS Office, JIRA, Visio, Scrum. Business Analyst RxMx Inc - New York, NY October 2013 to September 2014 Responsibilities:  • Designed tools, graphs and charts to provide updates and summary of the status of the on-going projects to the top management.  • Collaborated effectively with heads of various departments to ensure project deliverables remained on track and aligned with business goals and expectations  • Defined project goals and set benchmarks to gauge progress  • Collaborated with internal and external stakeholders to ensure timely completion of the projects.  • Developed comprehensive work plans to describe how a job is to be done.  • Analysed priorities and resources and determined ways to complete the project within the scope and time.  • Preparing the full project backlog and refinement of the functionalities for each phase of the entire engagement.  • Coordinating between different business functions in collecting the new requirements, reengineering of existing process as per the business requirements.  • Regularly reviewed project documentation and made all important changes to match updates to project scope.  • Organized and attended meetings with stakeholders, development teams and clients throughout the entire software development life cycle.  • Understand and participate in requirement elicitation workshops to gather and document business, functional, non-functional and technical requirements.  • Coordinate with the Development team to translate business requirements into features.    Environment: MS Office, JIRA, Visio, Scrum. Business Analyst Poseidon Logistics Pvt. Ltd - Visakhapatnam, Andhra Pradesh February 2010 to September 2013 Responsibilities:  • Suggested analytics and decision-support tools used as the basis for reorganization and efficient expansion.  • Analysed business, user and technical requirements for proposed solutions.  • Co-developed new strategies to render better services to the clients along with the senior management.  • Ensured comprehensive documentation for every on-going and terminated project.  • Assisted in gathering critical information from meetings with various stakeholders.  • Assist with the identification of issues and problems, quickly and accurately and took measures to resolve them in a timely, structured and logical way by identifying the root cause of the issue and exploring available alternatives.  • Teamed up with the management to organize internal resources to ensure timely completion of projects.  • Write user stories and epics to capture requirements and acceptance criteria to guide the development team towards successful completion of the projects.  • Conduct daily stand-ups to ensure compliance with the established schedule and design of the proposed project.  • Coordinating with the business teams and stakeholder teams for requirements sign-off.  • Collaborating in the planning, design, development and deployment of new applications, and enhancements to existing applications.    Environment: MS Office, JIRA, Visio, Scrum. Education Bachelor's Skills MS PROJECT, VISIO, JIRA, MS OFFICE, RATIONAL, SQL