Finance Project Manager Finance <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Remote Project Manager Miami, FL My professional career objective is to find an organization that offers challenge, diversity, and flexibility with an opportunity to lead, mentor and grow with a team of professionals.    CAREER SUMMARY AND ACHIEVEMENTS  As a motivated, strategic-thinking professional with more than 20 years of experience, my background includes; information technology, security and professional services specializing in the financial banking sector, legal industry, public and government entities, distributions supply chain, health care management, and consulting services. I strive at relationship-building with clients and across organizations and teams. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Finance Project Manager Southern Glazers Wine & Spirits - Miramar, FL March 2019 to July 2019 contract)  • Project Manager:  ? Development of project RFI, scope, SOW, project estimates, client communication tools, vendor management and communication  ? Process development, reengineering and management for new and existing systems  ? Budget development/management, resource estimates and cost analysis  ? Project Plans, scope, resource management/sourcing and tracking  ? Solution Lead/Technical implementation support  • Technology:  ? Implementation of CLM (Contract Lifecyle Management) system, end to end-replacing SharePoint solution  ? Implementation of Enterprise Project Management System tool  ? SAP/Ariba CLM IT Project Manager Norwegian Cruise Line - Miami, FL August 2018 to January 2019 contract)  • Project Manager:  ? Development of project RFP, scope, SOP, and SLA documents, project estimates, demand management, and client communication tools, vendor management  ? Budget, resource estimates and cost analysis  ? Project Plans, scope, resource management/sourcing and tracking  ? Status reporting, issues, risk tracking  ? Vendor/Supplier facing  ? Business Lead and process management  • Technology:  ? Implementation of WFM system, end to end  ? Infrastructure: Server upgrades, retirement  ? SharePoint 365/2016 Hybrid implementation  ? Web portal enterprise intranet site implementation  ? MXP/PCH System upgrade (software used to manage ship location, inventory and assets)  ? Management of shore/ship side data management and server requests  ? Projects: ServiceNow, Windows and SQL Server Upgrade, Exchange Upgrade, Telecom Solution Customization Project Manager/Customer Success Martin Brower - Rosemont, IL November 2016 to April 2018 Technical Services)  • Program Management:  ? Management of professional and technical services tracking issues, risks and escalation, for development, enhancements and customer engagement within the client program  ? Development of project RFP, scope, SOP, and SLA documents, project estimates, demand management, and client communication tools, vendor management  ? Development of processes in support of PMO/Governance  ? Budget and cost analysis  ? Management of facility/distribution center setup  ? Resource Management, planning and sourcing  ? Customer/Client facing  ? Project/Business function: project objectives, work stream management, timeline creation/management, communication and plans, work stream management.  • Technology:  ? Implementation of business integration retail clients, Cloud, finance and ERP projects  ? Infrastructure: Server upgrades, server move and retirement, data center split, cloud backup integration  * Network rebuild/Implementation: CISCO Mobility Solutions  * Requirements for:  • Connectivity and configuration  • Protection and optimization  • Security and remote access  • Broadband/bandwidth  • Load balance  ? Upgrade of JDE 9, integration interface projects (EDI and JSON formats for data exchange)  ? Upgrade from Oracle 11 to Oracle 12 platform  ? Oracle E-Business Cloud Solution/AZURE Data Migration/implementation (SCM, Financials)  ? Amazon Web Services (AWS) for client data management solutions:  * Setup resources, VPC security groups, creating managing IAM rules  * Use of Management Console for: Management tools, Storage tools and AWS Snowball file transfer and file share, cloud monitoring  ? Websphere Application Server (Java app manager)  ? SharePoint 365  ? PowerBI Design  ? Dynamics 365 Cloud  ? Use of SharePoint, Confluence, JIRA, MS Office, MS Project, and various other project management tools  ? Telephone line setup: (T1)800#, voicemail configuration and automated prompts, customer services setup, Warehouse setup: racking, storage, delivery schedule, plate storage, scanning (RF) setup), Dock Staging plan, WMS Configuration (data connection from client and third party to core order system)  ? Technology Setup: Hardware/Software setup (bricks), Sentech monitoring installed  ? Planned and managed all facility builds and go live operations Senior Program Manager/Customer Success (Client Professional Services) Aptify December 2015 to November 2016 Healthcare Clients Managed: American Dental Association, American College of Surgeons, Pennsylvania Bar Association, and American Health Information Management Association.  • Program Management:  ? Direct Reports - Business Analyst (recruiting and sourcing for projects)  ? Types of Projects: Mobile and digital app development (responsive/adaptive viewing on 3 screens (desktop, Tablet, Mobile), CRM application implementation and development/software  ? Management of high-profile Enterprise client projects throughout Chicago  ? Creation of Program Roadmap based on client input and technology enhancement requests  ? Manager of Consulting practice within PMO, customer success and client engagement management and solution design, tracking issues, risks and escalation, for development,  ? Reengineer and development of company and external processes in support of governance and client systems requirements and business functions.  ? Development of project RFP, scope, SOP, and SLA documents, project estimates, demand management, and client communication tools, Budget and cost analysis  ? Problem solving and research analysis  ? Team building and strategic planning  ? Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) of Aptify products  ? Manager of Business Analyst resources for Chicago office  • Technology:  ? Mobile and digital application development: iOS/Android app for ADA member services  ? Use of Google Docs/Excel sheets for project tracking and escalation  ? Webservices/Web based application development/support  ? Development of project plans and schedules  ? Resource allocation across projects  ? Client financial/budget management  ? Client status reporting (issues and risks)  ? Contributing approver for JIRA Administration  ? Contributing approver for Clarizen implementation Consulting Program Manager Dentons Law Firm - Chicago, IL September 2015 to December 2015 Contract)  • Program Management:  ? Management of IT resources: Application Development Team, Telecom, Development and Security  ? Management of professional and technical services tracking issues, risks and escalation, for development, enhancements and customer engagement within the client program  ? Development of project RFP, scope, SOP, and SLA documents, project estimates, demand management, and client communication tools, vendor management  ? Budget and cost analysis  ? E-Level status reporting  ? Resource planning and management  ? Global strategic planning and readiness  • Technology:  ? Oracle 11 Talent Management - upgrade (HRMS, Finances, CRM, Procurement)  ? Infrastructure: Server retirement, data center move, server upgrades (application upgrades as required for servers)  ? Symantec eDiscovery Platform  ? SharePoint 365  ? PowerBI Design  ? Dynamics 365 Cloud  ? Use of SharePoint, Confluence, JIRA, MS Office, MS Project, and various other project management tools Senior Program Manager/ IT Applications Manager Accretive Health - Chicago, IL August 2014 to September 2015 Managing health care services, resources and plans across hospitals, clinics and facilities.  • Program Management:  ? IT Applications Manager/Resource Manager for IT projects  ? Management of IT resources: Application Development Team, Telecom, Development and Security  ? Management of professional and technical services tracking issues, risks and escalation, for development, enhancements and customer engagement within the client program  ? Development of project RFP, scope, SOP, and SLA documents, project estimates, demand management, and client communication tools, vendor management  ? Budget and cost analysis  ? Process and organization strategy management  ? SharePoint Designer for New PMO Site  • Technology:  ? Types of Projects: Mobile app development (responsive/adaptive viewing on 3 screens (desktop, Tablet, Mobile), Database implementation and development/software with Tableau reporting and Hadoop platforms  ? Release Process Manager for: System updates for-Front/Backend (Payer, Registration, Self-Pay, Denials  ? Architecture Project Manager for Enterprise Implementation initiatives: Kronos upgrade, Tableau, Hadoop, HBase, Data Services  ? Infrastructure Project Manager for Enterprise Implementation initiatives: Lync, DNN Upgrade, SoftwareAG implementation, server builds  ? Training of data entry for database tracking Medicaid/Medicare and medical billing information  ? Development and management of databased used to manage and collect Medicaid/Medicare data  ? Lync system administrator/support  ? Relativity eDiscovery tools  ? Trouble shooting and testing of custom SharePoint design  ? Collaboration with Solutions Architects to develop and design custom SharePoint solutions  ? SharePoint 365  ? PowerBI Design  ? Dynamics 365 Cloud  ? Microsoft TFS  ? Use of SharePoint, Confluence, JIRA, MS Office, MS Project, and various other project management tools Senior SharePoint Manager NORC of the UofC - Chicago, IL June 2014 to August 2014 Contract)  • Management of technical resources  • Development of Scope, SOW and Project Plan documents to name a few  • Implementation of Agile Scrum methods for deliverables  • Collaboration with the business to gather requirements for users' stories  • Use of JIRA for Sprint and issue tracking  • Trouble shooting and testing of custom SharePoint design  • Collaboration with Solutions Architects to develop and design custom SharePoint solutions  • Development of Executive Status reports  • Tracking of project budget  • Development and management of roadmap and timelines.  • Other miscellaneous manage duties such as ordering equipment for resources, issues negotiation Identity Program Manager/Business Lead A.J. Gallagher - Itasca, IL March 2014 to May 2014 Contract)  • Managed off shore technical resources  • Review and analysis of security profile documents  • Analysis and management implementation of Identity Management system  • Verification of security profiles and alignment with SOX's reporting  • Business Process Manager  • Establishment and setup of user access and profiles for new system  • Creation of wireframes for business approval and application build  • Management of off shore development team: daily tasks, issues, time management  • Oracle talent management - resource management  • Use of JIRA and MS Project  • Weekly management meetings and status reports  • Support to Solutions Architect  • Various project duties as assigned Director, Program Management/Customer Success NTT DATA October 2013 to March 2014 Contract)  • Cloud Migration (SharePoint, Windows Applications, Hyperion, P2V, V2V)  • Support services outsourced offshore  • Transition to managed services  • Business Process Management  • KPI management  • Business process development and strategic planning for program implementations  • Resource engagement and management  • Process Engineer  • Risk/Issue/Change Management  • Contract negotiation  • Use of SharePoint 2010 and PlanView to manage the project plan and resources  • Collaboration environment/Google Docs  • Use of JIRA to track tasks and product backlog for Agile reporting (i.e. burn down chart)  • Management of 3 projects simultaneously. (P2P, Content Services, Device Services- Web-based applications) (platforms: Ruby and .net)  • Types of Projects: Mobile app development (responsive/adaptive viewing on 3 screens (desktop, Tablet, Mobile), Database implementation and development/software ERP system/Oracle and Cloud Base-Azure  • Managed budget for each over $1.5M  • Management of resources and cross departmental tasks  • Management of 15 developers, solution design architects and QA resources  • Management of remote and offshore teams and testers  • Change Manager for all releases end to end - Coordination of dates and times, review of changes with change committee, technical on call deployments, evaluation of change impact on environment, release window impacts, attending release board for approval  • Creation and documentation of all Phases including the CAR and ROM (Rough Order of Magnitude).  • Agile Scrum Methodology used Program Manager IBM Corp, Remote/Global Telecommute December 2012 to May 2013 • Oversight of 12 projects simultaneously (FileNet deployment, Windows server Migration, Server moves)  • Infrastructure: Data center move (AT&T telephone T1 line moves)  • Management of more than 70 resources across projects on and offshore  • Change Manager for all releases - Coordination of dates and times, technical on call deployments, evaluation of change impact on environment, release window impacts  • Creating and management of project plans and schedules  • Tracking of budget and resource billing  • Use of PMO tool to track RFS and project status updates  • Various other duties as they arise Digital Service Project Manager Chicago Tribune, Digital Media February 2011 to December 2012 • Manager of web and digital services development team  • Agile project management (code reviews, scrum meetings, sprint planning, use cases)  • Budget, time and scope management  • Change and release management  • Web content development  • Windows and Azure technology management and deployments    Independent Consultant (various companies) Remote/Global Telecommute  Solutions Program Director (Remote) (Contracts)  Clients:  McDonald's Corp  Walgreens  Northern Trust Bank  • Management of Digital Media Projects Backend and client facing  • Types of Projects: Mobile app development (responsive/adaptive viewing on 3 screens (desktop, Tablet, Mobile), Database implementation and development/software, Enterprise Software (Lawson, Oracle, Yardi), Dashboards: Tableau, Cognos, Lawson Business Intelligence, Infrastructure: Telecom/CISCO Installations, Data Center Moves, Server upgrades and retirement  • Hands-on Professional Services/Enterprise Product Implementation  • Management of Testing environment builds: supporting Network, development and Infrastructure teams (design efforts, build time lines, firewall and load balance issues, map and documentation), FMEA, process capability,  • Redesign and development of SharePoint 2010 sites to support PMO  • Oracle suite upgrade and utilization: Oracle financials, talent management, database  • Development of project standards and best practices  • Training staff on SharePoint functions to support PMO  • Maintaining project timelines and scope  • Proactively identifying risks and recommending mitigation strategies  • Review of project tasks and milestones  • Project estimating, scoping, pricing and phasing  • Responsible for annual budget process, financial analysis, portfolio forecasting, and profitability  • Various project related duties  • Development of enterprise wide training solutions and material  • Use of FileNet and SharePoint for content storage and management  • End to end Change Management  • Management of resources and cross departmental tasks  • Management of remote and offshore teams and testers  • Creation and documentation of all Phases including the CAR and ROM (Rough Order of Magnitude)  • Agile Scrum Methodology used  • Developed and managed the project plan  • Identification of Risks, Mitigation and contingency planning  • Management of scope and change requests to existing project work Education BS in Organizational Psychology Loyola University - Chicago, IL 2018 BA in Business Administration Metropolitan Business College - Chicago, IL 1993 Skills BUDGET, PMO, PROGRAM MANAGEMENT, SOW, BUDGET MANAGEMENT, Outlook, Scheduling, Estimating, Word, Maintenance