MACD Off-Net Project Manager/Provisioner MACD Off-Net <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>/Provisioner Project Manager/Provisioner Centennial, CO Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience MACD Off-Net Project Manager/Provisioner Comcast Cable Corporation - Greenwood Village, CO June 2018 to Present • Responsible for establishing new ENNI connections to support off-net customers.  • Manage move, add, change and disconnect orders for existing off-net locations. Metro-E Off-Net Escalation Project Manager Comcast Business January 2018 to June 2018 • Managed escalations for multiple vendors.  • Wrote process documentation and conducted escalation training for all engineers.  • Responsible for reporting any roadblocks or process gaps to senior management.  • Consistently gathered feedback on current processes in order drive process improvement. Metro-E Off-Net Engineer Comcast Business May 2017 to December 2017 • Responsible for internal circuit design of UNI and EVC Ethernet circuits in the Century and MetaSolv database.  • Manage all Ethernet circuit installs from design until order completion, including right of entry, permitting and all scheduling.  • Responsible for obtaining pricing with various vendors for off-net locations and communicate to sales.  • Manage escalations as needed for pricing changes and order delays. Telephony Engineer II Comcast November 2015 to April 2017 • Trained and managed off-shore team to become proficient with the MetaSolv database and issuing access service requests.  • Manage all queues for on-shore and off-shore teams. Handle all LEC escalations.  • Work with various engineering teams to ensure project timelines and manage deadlines.  • Manage complex resolution of provisioning issues. Conduct ASOG upgrades.  • Conducted daily calls with off-shore team to address success rates and training opportunities.  • Led initiative to bring ASR back on shore which consisted of cross training design engineers on ASR and also onboarding and training new ASR peers.  Circuit Design Engineer  • Successfully transitioned into hybrid role which consists of circuit design and ASR.  • Manage and design multiple LATAs, which also included rate center expansions.  • Conduct launch calls for assigned markets and manage design and orders. Off-Net Install Project Manager/Provisioning Engineer Metro February 2015 to October 2015 • Responsible for internal circuit design of UNI and EVC Ethernet circuits in the Century and MetaSolv database.  • Manage all Ethernet circuit installs from design until order completion.  • Responsible for obtaining pricing with various vendors for off-net locations and communicate to sales.  • Manage escalations as needed for pricing request and order delays. Circuit Provisioning Engineer Comcast Cable Corporation(Apex Systems) - Greenwood Village, CO February 2014 to February 2015 • Responsible for internal circuit design, including port assignments in the MetaSolv database due to displaying an advanced ability to take on and master new tasks.  • Became the point of contact and SME for all CDV CAC database related issues by displaying a superior ability to assist fellow colleagues.  • Actively project manages all aspects of assigned projects including LEC status calls.  • Responsible for implementation of engineering requests for circuit orders in support of the EPS objectives for backbone, IP and VoIP networks.  • Manage complex resolution of provisioning issues and develop practices and procedures for circuit installation and maintenance. IT Global Service Delivery Analyst Newmont Mining Corporation - Greenwood Village, CO May 2011 to June 2013 • Handled ticket prioritization and escalation using CA Service Desk Manager. Identified and escalated situations requiring urgent attention.  • Used remote desktop, including SCCM to connect to user's machines and solve issues remotely.  • Administered Active Directory accounts, including Exchange administration, BES accounts.  • Created and updated documentation for team SharePoint site. Service Delivery Manager Virtela Technology Services Incorporated - Greenwood Village, CO January 2011 to May 2011 • Test and turn up of DSL, Ethernet, DS1& DS3's with various LEC's via Cisco and Juniper.  • Managed special migration project for over 900 locations.  • Worked with multiple vendors to ensure on time delivery of circuits. Technical Support Analyst Johns Manville - Denver, CO September 2010 to May 2011 • After hours technical support for end users for Windows, SAP, Citrix and various applications.  • Remotely troubleshoot Windows server outages via SolarWinds.  • Manage Active Directory and Exchange accounts as needed. SIP Support Representative IBM - Boulder, CO June 2010 to July 2010 • Provide technical support across multiple platforms: voice, email and chat for installation and maintenance of Skype for SIP product.  • Troubleshoot call failures by analyzing SIP messaging.  • Effectively contribute solutions to knowledge base. Education Project Management Certificate University of Denver October 2017 to June 2019 Master of Business Administration in Business Administration University of Phoenix - Denver, CO 2010 B.S. in Information Technology University of Phoenix - Denver, CO 2008