Consultant, IT Regulatory & Controls Division Consultant, <span class="hl">IT</span> Regulatory &amp; Controls Division Consultant, IT Regulatory & Controls Division Fort Lee, NJ Work Experience Consultant, IT Regulatory & Controls Division Credit Suisse, NY, NY - Midtown, NJ, US 2017 to 2019 • Managed the responsibilities among two cross-functional teams (CISO & TSS) in delivering IT quarterly reports to the regulators for the FED, SEC, and DFS that pertained to financials, benchmarks, outages, and new infrastructure builds.  • Managed and outlined new procedures and processes for workstream leaders, and communicated those timelines to multiple groups.  • Established appropriate project governance structures and processes by engaging key stakeholders to develop appropriate thresholds and cadence for governance discussions.  • Improved and recreated a historically ineffectual project charter, identifying the project scope, deliverables, benefits, and timelines in successfully completing the project.  • Implemented and streamlined processes by identifying areas of improvement within the workflow of those groups.  • Evaluated progress among the stream leads by identifying, tracking, managing, and resolving project issues. Consultant, Carrier Services Division Deutsche Bank, New Jersey - Jersey City, NJ 2016 to 2017 • Responsible for building business cases for the networking engineering team and other key stakeholders in assembling multiple project plans consisting of resources/personal, budget requirements, deadline dates, carrier requirements, costs, and risks associated with the project.  • Led meetings with cross-functional IT teams to help understand the issues and reduce costs in areas pertaining to network/voice circuits and data center migrations.  • Defined and documented Roadmaps and Project Plans that were utilizing the four phases of the project life cycle.  • Created and presented a PowerPoint presentation showing a cost-benefit analysis with KPI metrics, highlighting all the successful measures within each business case scenario.  • Managed and organized a structured template in Microsoft Project outlining the operations and schedules to the timelines for each phase within the workstream. Project Manager, Telecom & Network Division Scholastic, NY, NY - Downtown, NJ, US 2012 to 2016 • Point of contact for all vendor related services affecting IT infrastructure and network outages  • Managed the initiation through completion process using the Waterfall Method in implementing a technology expense solution called Tangoe; the program was used to track and pay invoices, and streamline inventory and vendor contracts  • Led the processing and implementation stages of the Enterprise Mobility Management tool called AirWatch, the program was used to allow IT to deploy, configure, manage mobility devices (Smartphones and MIFI)  • Negotiated vendor contracts: terms and conditions, and scope of work and pricing to achieve substantial savings Consultant, Billing Department Intralinks, NY, NY - Midtown, NJ, US 2011 to 2012 • Responsible for making recommendations based on parallel performance between new and old billing systems  • Documented new requirements and processes during migration phase  • Suggested various enhancements to the existing system improving efficiency  • Developed a standardized workflow tracker to coordinate and monitor tasks that were tested on the new billing system Claims Specialist, Sales and Accounting Department MetTel, NY, NY - Downtown, NJ, US 2009 to 2011 • Implemented a new claims process amongst vendor carriers, educating analysts and interns the methodology in submitting a dispute.  • Collaborated with multiple internal departments on finding additional information regarding disputes.  • Leveraged relationships with carriers to resolve complex disputes and escalations in achieving a high success rate for submitted claims. Education NYU 2015 BS in Finance University of Scranton 2010 MBA in Finance St. Thomas Acquinas College Sales Huntington Learning Center - Orangeburg, NY Skills Trading Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/MarcTarabocchia