Clinic Manager Clinic <span class="hl">Manager</span> Store Manager Cary, NC Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Clinic Manager Massage Envy - Chapel Hill, NC March 2019 to Present As a clinic manager I am responsible for all daily operations, sales, customer service, maintaining the appointment book, ordering and payroll. Hiring and training of all employees, maintaining both front and back of house scheduling. Store Manager Shower me With Love - Cary, NC September 2017 to August 2018 As a store manager I was responsible for ensuring my staff give great customer service as well as monitoring the financial performance of the store. All aspect of staff management; hiring, training, scheduling. As well as operations and logistics working with our partner suppliers, warehouse and full delivery service. IT Project Manager Shopand.co January 2015 to June 2017 As an IT project manager I was responsible for maintaining their magazine, social marketing, organic marketing and advertising for the United States. Creating partnerships with like minded businesses while helping to cultivate better relationships with our users. Operations Lead Lovesac June 2014 to December 2014 As an operations lead I was responsible for overseeing all product orders for the store as well as clients. Receiving all inventory, creating customer follow-ups to insure the customers the best possible service for delivery. Overseeing inventory, storage, facility layout, promotions, as well as store events. Sales Representative Pandora May 2014 to July 2014 As a sales representative for Pandora I was responsible for caring for customers, maintaining store cleanliness, restocking charms, and checking out customers. Night Manager Peter of London October 2013 to December 2013 This was a seasonal night supervisor position with Peter of London to help them through the holidays while one of their full time managers was on maternity leave. I was responsible for closing the salon in the evenings, setting stylist/ nail tech/ receptionist schedules, maintaining the highest level of cleanliness and assisting clients. Spa Director Planet Beach Contempo Spa February 2013 to September 2013 As a spa director I was responsible for all day- to day operations of the spa including but not limited to; scheduling, maintenance of machines, training, finances, marketing, advertising, customer relations and events. Education Associate in Business Administration Management and Operations St. Petersburg College - Saint Petersburg, FL 2009 to 2010 Art The Art Institute of Tampa - Tampa, FL 2009 to 2010 Admiral Farragut Academy - Saint Petersburg, FL August 2009 Skills CRM (4 years), customer relations (8 years), CUSTOMER RELATIONSHIP MANAGEMENT (5 years), marketing (3 years), training (6 years), Microsoft (10+ years), Account Management (6 years), Business Development (5 years), Business Analysis (4 years), Customer Service (7 years), Quality Assurance (5 years), Wordpress (3 years), Word (10+ years), Excel (10+ years), Event Planning (4 years), Recruiting (2 years), Receptionist (5 years), Training (4 years), Inventory Management (4 years), Inventory (4 years), Office Management (5 years), Operations Management (2 years), Organizational Development (5 years), Operations (1 year), Powerpoint (10+ years), Project Management (4 years), Logistics (1 year), Leadership Development (2 years), Human Resources (4 years), Hiring (3 years), Google Analytics (3 years), Data Entry (5 years), Data Analysis (3 years), Database Management (3 years), Sales (8 years), Strategic Planning (6 years), SEO (3 years), Account Management (6 years), Vendor Management (2 years), Networking (8 years), New Business Development (4 years), New Product Development (3 years), Management (7 years), Marketing (5 years), Research (4 years), Key Holder, Retail Management, Scheduling, Merchandising, Team Building, Retail, Cash Handling Publications ANKAMag http://www.ANKAMag.com 2017-06 A Healthy lifestyle magazine with all my own content as well as my design/build. Additional Information Skills  I have advanced skills in; Training, Sales, Customer Service, Management, Research, Online Marketing, Wordpress, Shopify, Product Marketing, Marketing Strategy, Team Leadership, CRM, Customer Relations, HubSpot, Email Marketing, Time Management, Social Media Marketing, Organic Marketing, Communication, Product Management.