( Project Specialist, Analyst, Operations Specialist, IT)- Contract Role (<span class="hl">Project</span> Specialist, Analyst, Operations Specialist, <span class="hl">IT</span>)- Contract Role Experienced Professional Briarwood, NY Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience ( Project Specialist, Analyst, Operations Specialist, IT)- Contract Role Consolidated Edison (Con Edison) Company of New York, Inc July 2018 to Present · Heavy use of Salesforce CRM, Databases, Reports.     Microsoft Office suite, MS Word, Excel (V- Lookup’s, Pivot Tables, Excel VBA), Outlook PPT  · Finance and Accounting duties.  · Engineering analysis.  · Marketing collateral.  · Forecasting, scorecards.  · Managing Leads & Program Development.  · Strong Technical Skills.  · Financial & Technical Analysis.  · Sales and Pipeline Analysis (Forecasting).  · Correspondence /Direct Support and contact with Customers and Vendors, departments.  · Contract specialist.  · Multi program analysis.  · Program Development.  · Created desk guides & processes.  · Worked on multiple programs simultaneously.  · Processing and verifying invoices AP Side.  · Interactions with customers/vendors.  · Operations/ Process Management / IT support, Sales support, Marketing.  · Contract management and associated deliverables.  · Quantitative and Qualitative Analyses along with recommending solutions.  · Working in teams and with various departments and Program Managers.  · Managing changing priorities with ease.  · Applied organizational procedures to make independent decisions.  · Database Management, Management Business Intelligence, Work Management systems.  ·  Project coordination and Customer service.  · Working on projects with projected costs/benefits of upwards of $500 million. Financial Coordinator (Temp Project Based Role) Mt Sinai Icahn School of Medicine - New York, NY April 2018 to May 2018 Special Projects Finance Division)-New York, NY April 2018 to May 2018  Financial Coordinator (Temp Project Based Role)  • Grants assistance, publishing  • Heavy Excel  • Payroll (Calculation and Statement Preparation)  • Assisting in funds approval/ Funds Transfers  • AR functions & Duties  • Analysis  • GL Entries  • Assisting In closing and maintaining accounts  • Month end closing Staff Accountant (Temp Role) Aurify Brands - New York, NY March 2018 to March 2018 • Tax calculation  • Creating/ Updating P&L statements  • Bank reconciliation and tender reconciliation  • Credit card deposits  • Chargebacks  • Assisting with bank/cash upload entries  • Multi-site retail  • Heavy data entry  • Importing sales journal entries from POS into Intacct accounting program Analyst/ Researcher (2 Month Temp Role) New York University - New York, NY December 2017 to February 2018 • Salesforce CRM Experience  • Devise and evaluate methods for collecting data, such as surveys, questionnaires, and opinion polls.   • Gather data about consumers, competitors, and market conditions.   • Analyze data using statistical software.  • Convert complex data and findings into understandable tables, graphs, and written reports.  • Prepare reports and present results to clients and management.  • Invented new technologies and designed experiments to test for accuracy and effectiveness. Operations MANAGER 1943 - Brooklyn, NY January 2015 to December 2017 • Trained, coached and mentored staff to ensure smooth adoption of new program.  • Exceeded company objectives.  • Increased profits by 30% in six months through restructure of business line.  • Directed all phases of projects.  • Directed planning, budgeting, vendor selection and quality assurance efforts.  • Recommended process and systems improvements. Junior Accountant/ Analyst Nissan/Infiniti Corp - Queens, NY September 2015 to March 2017 • Successfully implemented new technologies and process automations to encourage continuous   improvement composed effective accounting reports summarizing accounts payable data.   • Researched and resolved accounts payable discrepancies.  • Obtained working capital short term/long term loans.  • Reconcile all accounts as needed and update payroll information.  • Charge backs to Finance/Sales Departments.  • Update and maintain all accounting records using bookkeeping software.  • Trusted to handle every facet of business.  • Trained new employees on multiple programs and software.  • Entered financial data into the company accounting database to be verified and reconciled.  • Generated invoices upon receipt of billing information and tracked collection progress.  • Coordinated work between multiple departments.  • Created standard operating procedures.  • Sourced qualified vendors to provide program resources.  • Entered numerical data into databases in a timely and accurate manner.  • Scanned documentation and entered into the database.  • Obtained scanned records and uploaded them into the database.  • Produced monthly reports using advanced Excel spreadsheet functions.  • Added new material to file records and created new records.  • Documented business requirements, functional specifications and training procedures.  • AP/AR Duties:  ? Communicated with customers to identify and resolve outstanding payments.  ? Posted receipts to appropriate general ledger accounts.  ? Researched and resolved accounts payable discrepancies.  ? Negotiated prices, terms of sale and service agreements.  ? Monitored timelines and flagged potential issues to be addressed.  ? Assessed vendor products and maintained positive vendor relations.  ? Assisted sales and Finance departments. Administrator/Full charge Bookkeeper United Leasing/ Wework - New York, NY July 2014 to December 2014 • Purchased supplies and equipment as authorized by management  • Paid supplier invoices in a timely manner; paid any debt as they come due for payment.  • Record cash receipts and make bank deposits.  • Calculated and issued financial analysis of financial statements  • Maintained an orderly accounting filing system. Provided clerical and administrative support to   management as requested  • Maintenance of sales leads following up with customers Rent roll activities.  • Represented buyers and sellers of developed and undeveloped properties.  • Showed properties to potential buyers and other brokers at open houses and by appointment.  • Negotiated contracts on behalf of clients. Quality Assurance /Quality Coordinator/Research & Development Assistant PINC - Nassau, NY June 2013 to July 2014 • Responsible for all levels of quality coordinator/quality assurance.  • Monitored, performed, chemical and physical test procedures/reported results. Biological, chemical   and microbiological testing, daily and as needed.  • Sample preparation.  • Purchasing.  • Acting liaison between upper management and supervisors and production staff.  • QA/QC Liaison for $20 million Company.  • Heavy data entry and maintenance of databases in Excel, Baan, Word.  • Maintained calibrations and certification with 100% improvement in accuracy.  • Developed and maintained various electronic databases.  • Helped improved overall audit procedures and improved company scores. Education Bachelor's in Biology Queens College - Flushing, NY 2010 to 2014 Bachelor of Arts in “Economics/ Finance” Queens College - Flushing, NY 2006 to 2010 Skills Desktop Support, Active Directory, Help Desk, Service Desk, Tech Support, MAC, Analytics (10+ years), Microsoft office (10+ years), Salesforce (2 years), Project Control, Earned Value Management Links http://linkedin.com/in/jimmy-virk-543288a8 Certifications/Licenses A valid IT Specialist certification