Project Manager, Business Development <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>, Business Development Project Manager Reno, NV Organized and effective project management professional working towards a PMP Certification and solving business problems with successful implementations and process improvements for the high-tech industry. Approachable and skilled at all facets of the project life-cycle; adept at coordinating and managing multiple projects simultaneously. Cultivate strong team and stakeholder relationships using interpersonal communications. Navigate ambiguity and enjoy working in fast-paced environments. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager, Business Development THOMSON REUTERS ELITE - Chicago, IL 2011 to 2018 Provided project management for client Business Development solution implementations including resource planning, project plan development and management, issue/change management, and budget management.  • Managed 3 to 15+ projects simultaneously enabling team to fulfill client demand. Projects were of various scope, budget and lengths.  • Improved project processes by creating / updating project management templates and streamlining project setup time (quick start projects), ensuring processes and templates were more applicable to the projects and solutions.  • Managed successful implementation project of beta product release using a blend of current project methodology and traditional project principles and know-how; Piloted first successful utilization of new project management processes resulting from a new product line and product direction, certifying process quality, efficiency and compliance.  • Served as business analyst for clients on CRM, email marketing, and experience management solution implementations. Oversaw, developed, and delivered project deliverables based on requirements, business analysis and new client processes aiding client in adoption and training on implemented solution.  • Coached support team on product issues and developed directions for knowledge sharing, increasing customer satisfaction and reducing issue resolution timeframes.  • Cultivated relationships with clients that led to increased project work / change requests, and with team members that led to increased cross-team collaboration. IT Project Manager II KING COUNTY DEPARTMENT OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY - Seattle, WA 2008 to 2010 Provided project management support for various project assignments. Addressed general project management issues associated with scope, schedule, budget and quality of deliverables for the Project  Management Office.  • Researched and developed capital / grant fund budget proposal, allowing budget committee to clearly understand scope and budgetary implications thus leading to project approval for innovative project that would reduce time spent on document / data exchange involving Law, Safety, and Justice community within King County.  • Served as business analyst and developed RFP, leading to a successful technology selection to replace a system used by the Prosecuting Attorney's Office, Department of Adult and Juvenile Detention, and Superior Court that would have otherwise disrupted performance and data integrity.  • Built strong relationships with the Prosecuting Attorney's Office, Department of Adult and Juvenile Detention, and Superior Court stakeholders, assisting offices with understanding how processes change due to new implemented system.  • Developed communication and training plans and manuals for Law, Safety, and Justice program portal which allowed the Law, Safety, and Justice community within King County to quickly access criminal information located on multiple platforms. Manager, Communications, Media & Technology Consulting ACCENTURE - Seattle, WA Oversaw implementations within Communications, Media and Technology solutions. Built and applied technical, industry, and functional knowledge to support new and existing client opportunities. Consultant, Communications, Media & Technology Consulting Accenture - San Francisco, CA Worked directly with client and team members to design and implement solutions. Built knowledge capital through research and development. Education Bachelor of Science in (BS), Operations and Management Information Systems Santa Clara University - Santa Clara, CA Skills Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint), Visio, MS Project, Smartsheet, Tools used for effective remote work: video conferencing (WebEx, GoToMeeting), IM (Cisco Jabber, Google Chat), new tools adopted on a regular basis, Estimating, budget, Scheduling, Outlook, Microsoft Project, Word Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/wendycnash