Instructional Technology Consultant/Help Desk Instructional Technology Consultant/Help Desk Education Consultant, Tech Integration, Pembroke Pines, FL Work Experience Instructional Technology Consultant/Help Desk Preps 4 Schools Inc. July 2018 to Present Integrating technology across the curriculum, identifying and recommending new technology, training students and teachers,  creating face-to-face, online, and individual coaching,  collaborating on curriculum design. Resolving technical issues for teachers and students. IT Director/Dean of Discipline/Instructional Technologist July 2017 to June 2018 Manage the infrastructure and oversight of all technical operations.  Collaborate with administration for the planning, implementation and evaluation of all professional development. Created and implemented  a Merit/Demerit System in the middle school that enhanced the  culture for instruction and learning.    • Lead consultant, Instructional Designer and Project Manager of virtual safety training courses for major food manufacture company Lead consultant, Instructional Designer and Project Manager SEMS compliance January 2016 to July 2017 of all awareness virtual courses for SEMS compliance for mid-size oil company based in the US with operations in the Mediterranean Consultant for technology integration Archbishop McCarthy High School July 2014 to July 2016 professional development and acquisition and implementation of a learning management system Archbishop McCarthy High School awarded (Apple Distinguished School) Consultant for technology integration Chaminade -Madonna College Prep - Hollywood, FL March 2015 to January 2016 Cross-Curricula Professional Development and Consultant for technology integration Lincoln School July 2012 to January 2014 Costa Rica awarded (Apple Distinguished School)    Publications/Presentations Links  • SEMS Certificate Awarded  • Apple Distinguished School  • Innovation in Education  • Apple Distinguished School (Lincoln Costa Rica)  • Ed Tech Conference Example    Teaching/Administrative Experience  • Dean of Students (Discipline) Msgr. Edward Pace High School, Miami Gardens, FL St. Mark The Evangelist School, SW Ranches, FL 5 years  • Dean of Academics Msgr. Edward Pace High School, Miami Gardens 3 Years  • Classroom Teacher ( computer Science, Theology, Learning Strategies) various Catholic High Schools 24 Years Education MS in Education Full Sail University - Winter Park, FL B.A. in Pastoral Ministry Briar Cliff University - Sioux City, IA