CEO/CTO CEO/CTO CEO/CTO - 1337 LAB ¾ Jersey City, NJ • Established Analog Method, a small digital media agency in New York and 1337 Lab, an Internet of Things (IoT) design and  development services provider, augmenting its revenue growth as CEO and CTO.  • Co-founded Omnilab, Instagoal, and Prenditto applications concerning environment, financial planning, and education.  • Efficaciously directed multiple software development projects utilized during London Olympics 2012.  • Streamlined software development lifecycle (SLDC) by incorporating Lean and Agile principles.  • Enabled revenue growth, cost savings, and process efficiency through planning and integration of data warehouse, IoT,  mobile CMS, learning management system (LMS), ERP, and other internal or third-party business systems.  • Led and motivated onsite and remote cross-functional teams effectively through DevOps across 30+ projects. Work Experience CEO/CTO 1337 LAB ¾ - New York, NY 2016 to Present Establish an IoT software development service provider and serve as both Chief Executive and Technology Officer. Assess client  needs and create advanced solutions utilizing cloud platforms for enterprise app development, including Azura, AWS, and Google.  Recruit, train, and lead team of technical specialists in India. Build trusting relationship with key partners and stakeholders all  over the world. Manage over 15 technically inclined projects for several companies, which include: Electrical Vehicle Charging  Solution (EVCS), a product built for Indian transportation commission; GSM to VoIP, a system catered to a client in Morocco;  Gardinator, a platform solely used by Maharashtra police department; SecureID, a monitoring system for a private company in New Jersey; and Healthcare app, a web-based application for Wayne Clinic.  • Software Development: Developed embedded devices and applications (i.e. mobile patient/clinic workflow app, affordable  electronic vehicle charger) and improved communications protocols using VoIP and GSM.  • Digital Strategy: Applied various digital technology-driven solutions to clients' business concerns by making new products  or revamping processes to improve overall organizational performance.  • Customer Centricity: Catered efficient client service by comprehensive needs assessment, responsive interfacing, reasonable and high-quality services, efficient product deployment, and constant follow up. CEO/CTO ANALOG METHOD ¾ - New York, NY 2012 to Present Develop company's strategies and objectives in providing digital marketing and software solutions to clients. Direct concurrent  system development projects to more than 20 brands, including Lancome, AB inBev, Credit Suisse, Sea Tow, Universal Processing, Exeltis USA, and Banila Co. Simplify SLDC using Lean and Agile methodologies. Incorporate DevOps to leverage cross-functional  • Career Progression (Cont.)  team collaboration and to ensure modern, cost-effective, and high-velocity delivery. Oversee company's fiscal activities; hire, supervise, and motivate employees; and introduce policies, procedures, standards, and best practices to organization.  • Strategic Planning: Positioned Analog Method as a reliable and cost-effective technical solutions provider to businesses  employing systematic process.  • Revenue Growth: Increased annual revenue by $9M through maintaining strong partnership with clients, catering excellent  customer experience, and serving efficient and affordable products.  • Efficiency & Quality Improvements: Effectively facilitated and leveraged Agile and Lean principles, reducing SLDC by 30%  and enhancing team collaboration, creativity, and service quality. Interim CTO MD TRAINING ¾ Florida 2012 to 2013 Devised a 1/3/5-year product roadmap to secure $5M funding for a medical eLearning program. Led, coached, and mentored  technical staff across South Asia, US, and Europe. Oversaw design, development, and integration of new online courses to existing  LMS. Collaborated with marketing and operations departments to address technical requirement specifications with appropriate  solutions. Took part of selection panel in hiring new CTO.  • Staff Leadership and Training: Established a clear vision; shared it among 30 team members from South Asia, US, and Europe; and provided remote support and training on a monthly basis.  • Systems Management: Optimized company's LMS by designing and integrating eLearning courses for medical  professionals, implementing vigorous support services and IT department processes. IT Project Manager LONDON OLYMPICS ¾ - London 2011 to 2012 Analyzed technical needs and recommended solutions during London Olympics 2012. Defined project scopes, objectives, and strategic plans involving all pertinent stakeholders and ensuring financial feasibility. Prepared detailed IT infrastructure project  plan to efficiently track or monitor progress on or off location. Established and maintained positive relations with third-party  providers or vendors, key stakeholders, and IT team.  • Software Project Management: Managed deployment of multiple software development projects used to supervise more  over 30,000 participants Olympics and Paralympics during opening and closing ceremonies.  • Personnel Management: Spearheaded recruitment, hiring, orientation, and training of over 20 IT staff.    Further experience as Digital Strategy Consultant at TLC Marketing (London, UK); Senior Program Delivery Manager at Razorfish  (London/New York, UK/US); Technical Lead at M & C Saatchi (London, UK); Technical Project Manager at Spring Digital (London, UK); Senior Software Developer at MGT Capital Investment Group (London, UK); and Network/Infrastructure Engineer at  Hostway (London UK) Education Bachelor of Science in Mobile Communication Systems Engineering UNIVERSITY OF WESTMINSTER - London BEng in Aeronautical Engineering QUEEN MARY AND WESTFIELD UNIVERSITY OF LONDON - London Skills Arduino, C#, Docker, Html, Javascript, Jenkins, Php, Raspberry pi, Scripting, Devops, Puppet, Css, Java, Bash, Linux, Containerization Links http://linkedin.com/in/chetaandavdra Additional Information TECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES    DevOps Docker, Jenkins, Puppet  Cloud Platforms AWS, Azure, Google  Linux Platforms RedHat, Ubuntu, Centos, CoreOS  Containerization platforms Docker  IOT Development Raspberry Pi, Arduino, particle.io  Development/Scripting php, python, C#, Bash, Obj C, Java, html/css/javascript, R,