IT Analyst III <span class="hl">IT</span> Analyst III IT Analyst III - ServiceMaster Inc Memphis, TN Work Experience IT Analyst III ServiceMaster Inc - Memphis, TN January 2018 to Present Conduct PCI assessments to help acquired companies meet compliance and current standards.  Conduct PCI assessments to help acquired companies meet compliance and current standards.  ? Assist vendors with audits both internal and external.  ? Administer the acquisition process by providing PestPac support and knowledge.  ? Map JD Edwards for our Mexico branches.  ? Responsible for technical design, development and implementation of Salesforce.  ? Direct liaison with the Salesforce team for development standards, capabilities and technical changes.  ? Proactively identifies product enhancement to improve performance, reliability, and overall end user    experiences.  ? Directly responsible for the development of product and end user documentation/ user guides and the    specification of ServiceMaster designs.  ? Serves as a bridge between the business and IT  ? Work with cross functional resources (M&A, Finance, HR, Tax, Treasury, Legal, etc.) to develop high level    specifications for Salesforce  ? Perform functional analysis to ensure the need of the business is identified, documented with business    requirement documents and delivered on time.  ? Created all training platform materials and maintain version control as Salesforce is enhance through the    system development life cycle.  ? Conducted and supported end user training per lunch with all department SME’s Public Relations Rep - Bolivar County School District INVOLVMENT 2017 to Present Mentor Omega Leadership Institute 2015 to Present Business Process Analyst (Contractor) ServiceMaster Inc - Memphis, TN May 2017 to January 2018 Analyzed the systems and found informalities in which resulted in leads being lost in the funnel - generated  over $1,000,000 in profit for the business.  ? Designed and published process documentation of primary new sales conversion funnels, including landing  pages, e-commerce, and phone calls.  ? SEO analysis and design for company website.  ? Highlighted key opportunities to maximize sales in the new marketing funnels from the lead stage to a funded sale. Project Manager Tailored Janitorial Supplies - Holly Springs, MS April 2015 to May 2017 Lead cross-functional teams to reengineer back office operations; developed mitigation plans.  ? Managed and marketed a previously unprofitable venture, originated retail proposals with a variety of clients.  ? Created service management process & procedures of change, controlled incident and problem  management Business Intelligence Analyst II Double Quick Inc - Memphis, TN February 2013 to April 2015 Conducted quantitative analysis of index statistics and market data; performed benchmark analysis using  Salesforce Technologies.  ? Established intuitive reporting methodologies and performed ad hoc market analysis to support strategy  and performance.  ? Led the enterprise resource planning and supply chain management; developed a PCI compliance system.  ? MS Dynamics CRM Implementation, customization & maintenance, SQL Server data warehousing support,  administration, design, integration, & reporting services. Graduate Assistant Delta State University - Cleveland, MS August 2011 to January 2013 Offered academic assistance to students in the areas of software development & database management  systems; utilized base concepts of design and analysis of SDLC.  ? Created ER diagrams in data models to produce an easy understanding of the conceptual design. Education Master of Business Administration in Business Information Technology Delta State University 2017 Master of Business Administration in Business Management Delta State University 2012 Bachelor of Business Administration in Business Information Technology Delta State University 2010 Skills Business Intelligence (2 years), CRM (2 years), CUSTOMER RELATIONSHIP MANAGEMENT (2 years), Dynamics (2 years), enterprise resource planning (2 years) Additional Information SKILLS Technical: SQL Querying, Business Process Models, Software Design Tools, DTS Packaging, SQL Stored  Procedures, C#, .Net, MS Office Suite, MS Front Page, Visual Basic, PHP, Oracle, Agvance, Agile, SAS,  SPSS, SAP, TCP/IP, FTP, LAN/WAN, VPN, Proxy Servers, Adobe Creative Suite, Power BI, Advanced Excel  Analysis, Salesforce Configuration & Administration, Database Design & Analysis, MS Dynamics, JD Edwards ERP, CRM  Development & Administration    Business: Documentation & Specification, Attention to Detail, Data Analysis & Review, Visual Modeling,  Facilitation & Elicitation, Self-Management, Problem Solving, Decision Making, Negotiation, Team  Management, Leadership, Interpersonal, Time Management, Integration, Program Management,  Strategy & Implementation, Enterprise Architecture, SDLC, Agile Methodologies, Disaster Recovery