Graduate Student Researcher Graduate Student Researcher Graduate Student Researcher Work Experience Graduate Student Researcher University of California Davis - Davis, CA 2018 to 2019 Used deep learning (CNN's) to perform computer vision research into multi-POV, multimodal input for pose prediction and localization. Experimented with sound source  separation in spectrograms. Programmed in Python with Pytorch and Tensorflow.  Performed ETL on video, image, and audio data. Graduate Technical Intern (Software Engineer) Intel June 2016 to August 2016 summer  ? Designed, developed, and deployed applications to perform real-time analysis of operations, including a statistical analysis of identifiers of Intel locations worldwide. IT Project Manager & Programmer Pinney Insurance Center 2009 to 2015 Managed team of 6 through entire software development life cycle.  ? Performed full stack engineering (front-end and back-end), primarily in Python, Bash, Ruby on Rails, C#, Java, Php, JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3, Structured Query Language (SQL)  ? Performed large-scale object-oriented software design, including technical communication  with peers and non-technical partners to define software requirements and goals.  ? Negotiated with multiple teams, including sales and marketing, as well as with non-technical superiors.  ? Maintained and extended existing applications, developing new features, refactoring  existing services.  ? Built RESTful services. Integrated with REST, SOAP, JSON, XML, and other APIs and data  exchange formats.  ? Introduced Agile methodologies including test-driven development, code reviews, sprints.  ? Server administration and cyber security on Linux servers running Apache, Tomcat, Nginx, MySQL, Redis, MongoDB. ESL Teacher Nomen Global 2007 to 2007 Taught high-school- and college-prep-level English to students from a variety of countries and ages. Research Assistant Brigham Young University Asian and Near Eastern Languages Dept 2006 to 2007 Researched pedagogical and cultural hindrances to instruction from non-natives in US colleges.  Performed data analysis. Education MS Computer Science in Computer Science University of California Davis - Davis, CA 2018 Osaka University June 2017 BA in Linguistics Brigham Young University 2007 Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/markhamanderson http://github.com/entrity