Global Procurement Operations & Systems, Consultant Global Procurement Operations &amp; Systems, Consultant Project Manager Boston, MA Experienced project manager and business process analyst having strong communication, organizational and leadership skills. Thinks with insight and a global perspective, applies sound judgment, and solves problems with a results-oriented approach. Work Experience Global Procurement Operations & Systems, Consultant Takeda Pharmaceuticals - Boston, MA February 2019 to July 2019 Project manager and business analyst consultant responsible for facilitating procure-to-pay business process redesign project.  • Support SAP Ariba regional implementation as Team Lead of supplier enablement.   • Execute supplier enablement tasks according to Flight Plan to meet timelines working collaboratively with Ariba’s supplier enablement lead and internal global supplier enablement team and regional strategic sourcing, Finance and IS/ IT.  • Identify suppliers suitable for B2B integration, develop scope, and manage projects in collaboration with Ariba’s supplier integrator specialists.  • Support projects suitable for catalog enablement working in collaboration with Ariba's catalog specialist.  • Develop Standard account project plan and coordinate work to organize, train, and guide enablement activities of team.  • Monitor and report progress of Enterprise and Standard enablement activities.   • Communicate identified risks and follow up on action items. Senior Procurement Business Analyst Fresenius Medical Care, North America May 2018 to August 2018 Business analyst enabling procurement business process and systems excellence by supporting implementation, adoption and maintenance of new procurement technological systems.  • Lead and support process efficiency initiatives for operational procurement processes.  • Development of master data governance program, including policies and procedures.  • Data stewardship in collaboration with AP vendor master data maintenance team.  • Advise strategic sourcing team and other procurement members regarding best practices supplier enablement on SAP Ariba platform.  • Supplier catalog, content and other setup needs in collaboration with platform owner and other stakeholders.  • Support SAP end-to-end procurement solution user setup and training.  • Drive culture through values and customer service standards. CLM Analyst, Global Procurement Biogen Inc February 2017 to August 2017 System analyst and project manager supporting global Contract Lifecycle Management (CLM) software deployment project and master data migration from legacy system.  • Participate in and support core project team and platform owner meetings as part of the software development life cycle.  • Change management in collaboration with the platform owner and software developers.  • Analysis for alignment with business requirements, user acceptance testing, and user training.  • Team Lead of post-migration project to manage supplier and customer master data, including data analysis, bulk upload, and interface alignment with Oracle EBS. IT Project Manager Schneider Electric March 2015 to January 2017 Program/ project support post-merger global ERP SAP systems integrations and transformation.  • Project manager working within IT PMO applying PMBOK project management fundamentals and best practices.  • Facilitate weekly program team meetings; risk and issues tracking; stakeholder communications through drafting meeting agendas, minutes, and conducting follow ups.  • Stakeholder/steering committee project status reporting.  • Financial tracking and reporting of spend.  • External project resource procurement and internal and external resource scheduling and availability in PlanView portfolio demand management tool.  • IT contract management support in collaboration with Procurement and Finance organizations, including adherence to policies, execution, approving authorities, purchase requisition and PO.  • Participate in change management meetings.  • Project documentation storage on SharePoint and cloud. Business Process Analyst BJ's Wholesale Club, Inc November 2012 to February 2013 • Team Lead mainframe annual reorganization project. Utilized analytical skills, communication and influencing cross-functionally with Merchandising, Finance and IT Organizations. Improved business processes and operational efficiencies utilizing Value Stream Mapping and other tools.  • Supported enterprise software portfolio application implementation project within software development life cycle methodologies. Conducted data collection and analysis to solidify architecture and related governance. ITIL Service Request & Service Level Coordinator BJ's Wholesale Club, Inc June 2012 to November 2012 • IT service delivery continuous improvement projects ensuring processes improvement and consistency. Delivered customer satisfaction and financial benefits resulting from improved process efficiencies.  • Champion and developer of SLAs and OLAs between IT service delivery and business units.  • Corporate new hire onboarding project with HR and IT Organizations. Elicit and document business requirements from stakeholders. Evaluate current business processes, gap analysis, and make recommendations for areas where changes should be considered. Apply Lean Six Sigma tools and methodologies such as Charter, Scope, Voice of Customer surveys and interviews, SIPOC and Swimlane Maps. Delivered re-engineered process and guidebook in new electronic format.  • Develop IT service catalog in collaboration with IT internal management. Data/Business Process Analyst BJ's Wholesale Club, Inc September 2009 to June 2012 KPI metrics reporting and trend analysis to IT operational managers and executive leadership.  ? Facilitation of IT managers meetings, reviewing trend analysis and addressing action items.  ? IT service delivery best practices review; create, improve and manage statements of process. Education Management, Certificate Northeastern University - Boston, MA Present Project Management Certificate Bryant University Certified Legal Assistant The Paralegal Institute Skills PROJECT MANAGER (2 years), SAP (2 years), ORACLE (Less than 1 year), EBS (Less than 1 year), PLANVIEW (1 year) Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/kimworthing Certifications/Licenses Certified Associate in Project Management (CAPM) December 2014 to December 2019 Issued by Project Management Institute Inc. Lean Six Sigma Green Belt Present Additional Information CORE COMPETENCIES  • Project Manager - full project lifecycle Initiation to Close; resource management; budget tracking and reporting; stakeholder communications; risk and issues tracking  • Communication - confident communicator; skills honed by participation in Toastmasters  • Organizational - ability to prioritize assignments tasks under tight deadlines  • Leadership - good listener; influence without direct authority  • Strong interpersonal skills - customer service focus; develop and maintain effective relationships  • Business Analyst - applied Lean Six Sigma methodologies and tools  • Technology savvy - strong working knowledge of Microsoft Office, Visio, MS Project, PlanView, SAP ECC, SAP Ariba, SRM, Oracle EBS, Determine CLM, Symphony Legal