Integration Project Manager Integration <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Associate Project Manager Chicago, IL Detail oriented professional with a collaborative and solution-oriented approach to  problem solving. Proven record of achieving quality business results and completing  assignments in a timely manner. Known for being responsible, organized and  stress-resistant. Demonstrated ability to lead and execute large-scale projects. Ability to  work alone as well as collaborate effectively with different work groups. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Integration Project Manager Hub International - Chicago, IL March 2019 to Present Associate Project Manager Walgreens Boots Alliance - Deerfield, IL October 2017 to December 2018 Facilitated Integration Management Office project to convert 1,932 acquired Rite Aid  stores to Walgreens formats.    ? Works closely with project teams and requesters to understand goals and objectives of projects, clarifies requests and requirements.  ? Develop and document basic project management processes and procedures.  ? Responsible for request investigation and follow up communication.  ? Recommends and maintains project priorities for team and communicates priority to requesters and manage small to medium projects under limited direction.  ? Identifies duplicate requests and recommends project/request consolidation when appropriate.  ? Assists in the development, documentation and maintenance of project plans.  ? Prepares and distributes weekly, monthly and quarterly project status/progress reports  and other project documentation for senior leadership.  ? Collects, maintains and distributes information from project teams and business unit  personnel to facilitate communication.  ? Develops and maintains the centralized files and records database for the department.  Makes actionable recommendations for improving process flow and project  management processes.  ? Standing up Program(s) from scratch within an EPMO environment  ? Establishing all aspects of the Program life cycle from initiating project intake through successful delivery. Owning multiple decisions on meeting cadence and prioritization.  ? Meeting with key stakeholders at the C-level. Driving agenda and conversations. Making  recommendations and suggestions; providing high level strategy and program road  maps.  ? Presenting Program plan, deliverables and status to various audiences  ? Guiding Project managers within cross-functional work streams. IT Executive Department Coordinator GGP Inc - Chicago, IL February 2017 to September 2017 Coordinate various executive projects including organization re-org, facility relocation and employee acquisition and training.  ? Report to Chief Information officer on project status, progress, budget, as well as on  team member's performance and procurement status.  ? Analyze project requests from management to identify project goals and objectives.  ? Work with resource manager/departments heads to acquire project team.  ? Ensure projects are completed according to time and budget schedules, and that  objectives conform to overall standards and operations objectives and user  requirements.  ? Work with team to make sure that project is on track, to remove impediments, provide  resources and data needed.  ? Coordinate and track all Vendor RFP's.  ? Analyze and estimate costs; prepare cost summaries for projects, including equipment,  labor, materials, site preparation, subcontractor costs and other rel ated costs as needed  ? Identify issues and recommend alternate solutions  ? Communicate to all project stakeholders on project progress and risks, collect feedback.  ? Managed deliverables, resource calendars, and expense reports. IT Project Coordinator Jones Lang LaSalle - Chicago, IL July 2015 to January 2017 Work closely with upper management to make sure the objectives and goals of the organization are on schedule, as well as other department support and administration.    ? Maintains office efficiency by planning and implementing office systems, layouts, and equipment procurement  ? Manage resource, timeframes and budgets, and Inventory.  ? Keeps management informed by reviewing and analyzing special reports; summarizing  information; identifying trends.  ? Liaise between the executives and company employees/clients/vendors, manage  information flow  ? Format information for internal and external communication - memos, emails,  presentations, reports.  ? General understanding of IT systems and processing.  ? Assist senior project manager with planning/presentations.  ? Coordinate and track all Vendor RFP's.  ? Maintain accurate and consistent electronic files and documentation.  ? Oversee the performance of other administrative staff.  ? Manage executives' daily schedule (set up meetings, travel, speaking engagements). Education Bachelor's in Psychology Rutgers University - New Brunswick, NJ May 2015 Additional Information Computer Skills: Advanced Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Project, Sharepoint,  VISIO, Access, JIRA, Sharepoint and several cloud based applications.