MCIO Data Center Technician MCIO Data Center Technician MCIO Data Center Technician - Microsoft San Antonio, TX Continue service delivery and grow while adding to the organization's success by providing quality customer support. Work Experience MCIO Data Center Technician Microsoft - San Antonio, TX May 2017 to Present Support data center operation projects  ? Collaborate with project management teams to mitigate any issues while maintaining SLA  ? Troubleshoot and repair equipment (Servers, Net devices, SANs, Windows OS, Cabling)  ? Lead deployment and decommissioning projects  ? Prioritize workflow via ticketing que  ? Provide data for process improvement and safety protocol improvement teams  ? Organize corporate events within the data center  ? Point of contact for various community service initiatives Shift Lead Microsoft - San Antonio, TX 2014 to 2017 Collaborate with project managers to mitigate project impediments  ? Delegate workflow tasks via ticketing que and PID ensuring SLA's are maintained  ? Manage backup data processing with vendor  ? Deploy and decommission servers and network devices  ? Collaborate with vendors to verify data center infrastructure and network cabling projects  ? Maintain compliance with process changes  ? Train and share tribal knowledge with the team Information Technology Specialist II State of Iowa Department of Natural Resources - Des Moines, IA 2013 to 2014 Manage customer service calls and provided level three technology support  ? Manage the Active Directory for IT Department compliance  ? Detect and remove viruses from government assets  ? Install encryption software on government assets  ? Deploy Thin Client computers for various government field offices  ? Manage vendor relationship    San Antonio, Texas 78245  Phone: (214) 288-7788 mobile  Email: kraig_jackson@hotmail.com IT Asset Manager Randstad Technology - Des Moines, IA 2012 to 2013 Process work requests for deployment and recovery of corporate assets  ? Procure software license, hardware and maintenance of internal assets  ? Build requisitions for purchases of hardware and software needs  ? Query database for software inventory, purchases and savings reports  ? Utilize Active Directory for passwords, asset and license compliance Lead project team in rollout of new EPIC Iowa Health System - Des Moines, IA 2011 to 2012 Tek-Systems Contractor) Des Moines, Iowa  Windows 7 / EPIC Deployment Technician 2011 - 2012 ? Lead project team in rollout of new EPIC application throughout the hospital  ? Test various applications to mitigate software compatibility issues Information Technology Intern City of Des Moines - Des Moines, IA 2011 to 2012 Troubleshoot government assets  ? Install and update computer software  ? Mitigate networking issues  ? Configure device settings for efficient functionality Education Certificate Upper Iowa University Skills Process improvement, Vendor management, Auditing, Cabling, Datacenter, Hardware Certifications/Licenses Scrum Master April 2019 to April 2021 Scrum and agile frameworks Driver's License Additional Information Professional skills include: Professional Summary of Skills    ? Project Management  ? Auditing  ? Network Infrastructure    ? Process Improvement  ? Scrum Master/Agile Framework  ? Vendor Management