Pro Account Sales Associate Pro Account Sales Associate Haslet, TX Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Pro Account Sales Associate The Home Depot - Silverdale, WA January 2017 to February 2018 • Relationship management with contractors, industry, government & military purchasing, and home-owners to support sales of building products, tools and services.   • Generated $500k in sales during my first quarter as a Home Depot Pro Account Sales Associate exceeding goal by 33%. Rural Carrier Associate USPS - Poulsbo, WA March 2015 to October 2015 Sorted, delivered and collected mail and packages for 700+ residential and commercial addresses daily.  Lead Radio Programming Technician CENCOM - Bremerton, WA September 2012 to November 2012 Led a team of 4 programming technicians to implement revised FCC standards for 12 Emergency Service radio networks. IT and Fulfillment Technician Chowren Toys - Poulsbo, WA September 2010 to February 2011 • Picked, packed, and shipped daily retail and wholesale orders for domestic and international customers.  • Generated weekly and monthly inventory reports for online collectibles retailer.  • Implemented e-commerce solution to streamline sales and shipping Senior GIS Technician Jacobs Engineering - Fort Worth, TX January 2008 to December 2008 • GIS Mapping and field verification of storm drain data of Dallas Tollway.   • Updated FEMA 100 year flood plain mapping data for Arkansas.   • Conducted Arlington, TX Stream Erosion Risk survey.   • Mentored junior technicians. Engineering Technician 2 City of Fort Worth - Fort Worth, TX May 2006 to October 2007 • Mapping of water, storm water, utilities and oil drilling sites for City of Fort Worth.   • Trained new technicians on basics of ESRI ArcGIS and map conversion. GIS Project Coordinator BDS Technologies - Dallas, TX June 2004 to May 2005 • Project Coordinator and liaison between client, primary contractor, and multiple sub-contractors for Dallas Water Utilities Comprehensive Wastewater System project.   • Hired, trained and supervised data conversion mapping team  • Wrote training documentation for mapping technicians and SQL reports for quality assurance and progress reporting. Manager, Customer Support GSM Products - Grand Prairie, TX August 2002 to March 2004 • Manager of Customer Support, handling issue resolution for customers such as Costco, Bass Pro, and Walmart as company grew from startup to $42 million in sales.   • Wrote policy manuals, training guides, product tutorials, and asset catalogs.   • Trained customer service representatives  • Technical sales support Customer Service Representative Microsoft Corporation - Irving, TX September 2001 to March 2002 First tier customer support during major operating system (Windows XP) release. Technical Account Manager iCopyright.com - Renton, WA August 2000 to January 2001 • Provided technical support for custom Linux applications to sales team and customers during conference and on-site sales calls.    • Implementation engineer for copyright licensing and content management services for over 30 publications.  Implementation Consultant Fulcrum Technologies - Seattle, WA June 1999 to August 2000 • Provided asset management services to telecom industry through training and sales presentations, writing policy manuals, training guides, product tutorials, and asset catalogs.  • Primary liaison for telecom inventory field teams to resolve client questions and concerns, maximize team productivity, and minimize client site disruptions. Education Associate of Arts Environmental Science Olympic College - Bremerton, WA June 2019 Focus on GIS Olympic College - Bremerton, WA Skills Microsoft Office (10+ years), GIS (5 years), Customer Relationship Management (10+ years), Customer Service (10+ years), CSR Additional Information • Nuanced communicator to diverse internal and external customers  • Proficient in office, production and field environments  • Professional Document and Report Writer  • Meticulous Data and Document Quality Control   • Experienced in municipal, regional and federal government roles  • Proven record of managing multiple responsibilities with critical deadlines  • Skilled with Microsoft Office, ESRI ArcGIS, and Trimble GeoExplorer GPS    Customer Support    • Manager of Customer Support, handling issue resolution for customers ranging from individuals to enterprises such as Costco, Bass Pro, Walmart.  • Generated $500k in sales during my first 4 months as a Home Depot Pro Account Sales Associate exceeding goal by 33%.  • Recovered and closed $12 million Costco sales contract with on-site technical support demonstration.  • Provided technical support for custom Linux applications to sales team and customers during conference and on-site sales calls.      Support & Operations    • GIS mapped Dallas and Fort Worth natural gas well sites, water, sewer and storm drain assets from engineering plans, as-builts and survey data  • Field verified the location & condition of Dallas Tollway storm drains in all weather conditions  • Conducted stream erosion survey Arlington, TX to monitor property risk  • Lead programming technician for team implementing new FCC standards for 12 Kitsap County Emergency Service radio networks, including Sheriff’s office, Police, Fire and Tribal Police departments.  • Provided internal and external training to telecom industry for individuals and groups, including production of policy manuals, training guides, product tutorials and sales presentations. Trained and managed teams of field personnel, coordinated national travel and client site access.  • Primary contact for telecom inventory field teams to resolve client questions and concerns, maximize team productivity, and minimize client site disruptions.    Project Management    • Created and led GIS Data Conversion Team for Dallas Water Utilities Comprehensive Wastewater Collection System Assessment project. Served as liaison between client, primary contractor, and multiple sub-contractors.  • Developed customer care call center team to support dynamic growth of mass marketing company as sales increased from $3 million to $42 million while reducing departmental attrition by 75%.  • Scheduled and performed implementation of copyright licensing and content management services from execution of contract through project completion for over 30 publications.  • Researched, recommended and implemented e-commerce solution to streamline sales and shipping for growing online collectibles retailer.  • Reduced time required to implement online copyright licensing and content management service and bring publishers live by over 90%.  • Generated weekly and monthly inventory reports for online collectibles retailer.