Freelance Project Consultant Freelance <span class="hl">Project</span> Consultant Freelance Project Consultant - Healthcare IT Duarte, CA Work Experience Freelance Project Consultant Healthcare IT - Alhambra, CA May 2019 to Present • Network Management is a population healthcare insurance management company.  • Current assignment is focusing on data integration with genetic labs and NMM's healthcare information platforms. My team has successfully created an innovative business requirement documentation (BRD) for the genetic labs and the insurance companies to communicate seamlessly as the companies are preparing for future data exchange as more healthcare providers are seeking to procure early signs and detections of diseases from their members. The earlier the detections, the earlier the patients can be treated thus reducing hospitalization costs.  • Leveraging experience in Healthcare IT, I provide IT and business solutions for senior management, business partners, and lab partners. Regularly meet with all key stakeholders to review project objectives, strategic planning, and activities or initiate new projects deemed necessary for this initiative.  • Maintaining project progress; identify business requirements, hardware, software requirements, identify risks, resolve issues, mitigate threats and discover alternative solutions as required. Act proactively to remediate negative risks, resolve resource conflicts and be compliant with regulations such as SOX, HIPAA, CMS, and External Audits. Mayor Pro Tem City of Duarte November 2013 to Present • Introduced legislation within the city's jurisdiction. Provide directions for emergency management, business operation, economic development, urban planning, legal, public safety, collective bargaining, budget, and finance    • Along with the school board, successfully brought in the BEST Performing Arts High School to Duarte Unified School District. Currently, this school is ranked as the best Performing Arts High School in California.    • Currently, leading the homelessness initiative and working with my local colleagues, Contract Cities and COG to find solutions to resolve this significant homelessness issue. Public safety and public health are being challenged constantly with this emergency.    • April 2019, accomplished a California Trade Delegation to China, Henan Province. I frequently travel to China for business and for trade delegations    • 2016, brought a California Trade Delegation to China, Shan Dong Province, companies were able to sign MOU on a $70 Milliion dollars environmental green initiative deal.    • 2015, brought the City of Hope to China and met with the Vice Ministry of Health and signed an aiding Cancer Patient MOU. Currently, many overseas' Chinese patients, doctors and nurses come visit COH monthly thus it creates economic development in the City of Duarte.    • Currently working with the city staff to develop the first Free Wifi initiative and getting ready for 5G infrastructure in the San Gabriel Valley. Senior Vice President Marketing Director American Plus Bank - Pasadena, CA March 2018 to February 2019 • Reported directly to the CEO, Chairman of the bank. American Plus Bank is a 3-branch focusing on lending construction loans bank. Tasked to build up the marketing team, improve the efficiency of the company's operation by improving their IT Department.  • Successfully created and implemented an overall competitive marketing advantage plan which entails a snapshot of the bank's current health, demographic analysis, wealth analysis, SWOT analysis and situational awareness of the regional banking industry.  • Successfully created quarterly and yearly marketing strategic plans, which led to identify 3 significant lower-hanging fruits opportunities for the bank. After execution, the bank managed to increase certificate deposit by a significant $25 Million USD. Furthermore, my team conducted monthly evaluations on SWOT and identified and modified many bank loan products in order to satisfy the clients' needs. In Q4 2018, the bank was able to generate an additional $45 Million worth of construction loans.  • My team further conducted business requirements, customer analysis, tabulated customer surveys and using internal data and external data and we were able to identify potential new locations for further the bank's expansion.  • Built and cultivated relationships quickly with new clients thus able to create new business opportunities. Chief Administrative Officer Made-in-China.com, Focus Technology - Ontario, CA June 2015 to March 2018 • CAO for China's publicly traded 2nd Largest B2B e-commerce platform with over 4 million suppliers. Directly oversaw the overall US operation, strategy, development of the B2C e-commerce platform (crov.com), departments directly reported to me were vertical sales, vertical marketing, public relations, fulfillment, logistics operation, supply chain management, I.T., PMO, facilities management, legal and real estate acquisition  • Under this role, successfully worked with hundreds of manufacturers from China to launch their own brands globally and in the United States. Assisted companies mainly in consumer goods and food industry.  • Executive Team and the PMO Office continuously analyze products demand and marketing competitiveness on monthly basis. Teams identify the best hot trending products from different databases and leads from China team.  • Through strategic planning the executives approve the products to be commercialized then queue products into the product launch pipeline.  • Identified the product/ project scope, create profitability analysis (ROI) and t-shirt size on the cost of product development (This provided a snapshot of the Portfolio's Cost Benefit Analysis).  • Through market data assessment we established the best time and ways to launch the products, created product lifecycle management plan for each product and assigned Product/ Portfolio owners for each product(s). Product owner had cross functional teammates which included a Project Manager, Product Designers, Industrial Designers, Packaging Designers, Marketing personnel, Social media resources, Web designers, Custom Clearance agent, and logistics manager to making sure the product is designed according to the requirements and will be delivered on time according to the market assessments.  • Through project planning, the Portfolio manager would delegate assignments according to critical paths and priorities. All stakeholders would have clear understanding of each product's developmental progress.  • Identified the demand of the products through market research of competitors' sales volumes, competitors' sales forecasts, and BOM costs, we then communicate to the manufacturers to start producing the products. At this juncture, if there is not significant demand and the product is not meeting the expected gross profit, the gatekeeper will communicate with all key stakeholders to discuss, hold, cancel or move to the next assignments.  • Once the products have been placed in the cargos, the china team and the US Custom team will track all cargos and see that we will get the products to the warehouse on time in order to meet product launch date. At the same time, the marketing team, social media team would have been executing the marketing plan and the sales team would have commitments from retail shops, B2B, and B2C marketplaces.  • Once products arrived at the warehouse, the logistics team quickly inbounds the products into the WMS/ERP and ship them out accordingly.  • Each product will be tracked until the end of its life cycle by continuously monitor the sales numbers and a Portfolio operation manager will be responsible for this process and report any sales irregularity. Sr. Healthcare IT Project/ Program Manager United Health Group - Cypress, CA September 2011 to May 2015 Document Management Systems Group)    • Responsible for the success of many highly visible projects and programs at United Health IT. Obtained deep business knowledge and technical knowledge of healthcare insurance ERPs, upstream-downstream platform dependencies, business dependencies, business continuity, business operation, and application development  • Managed 4 - 6 PM resources and multiple multi-million dollars, multi-terabytes large scale projects/ programs in multi-phases, multinational and multi-time zone healthcare projects  • Oversaw different units including Business, ETS/ Managed Services (infrastructure), Application Development Teams, QAs, SAs, Information Security Teams, Cloud-centric Team (UCI), Operation Management Team, etc.  • Regularly reviewed the program/ projects milestones and critical paths for mitigation planning, and efficiency. Provided goals and showed measurement of success. In charge of external SOW with vendors. Monitor and Control programs' schedules and provided solutions guidance as warranted  • Managed Capital and PLM projects in different business segments such as E&I, M&R, HCR Portals, Patient Enrollment, Fulfillment, Document Management, and Provider & Member Portals.  • Consulted on Data Center, Hardware, HA, DR, Cloud Computing.  • Successfully completed the Healthcare Exchange programs, ICD 10 Implementations, IBM FileNet to P8 Upgrade, EDSS Upgrade PLM, ELGS Upgrade PLM (Build in the Cloud with 300 new virtual servers), IBM FileNet Upgrade PLM (Win 7 Remediation), and decommissioning data centers (Oxford Health and Mid Atlantic Health Partners Data Centers) and migrated data to new data center. Migrated over 500TBs+ of data in a highly secured and complex PHI environment.  • Reported Projects and Programs status to VPs, resolve roadblocks and critical path issues before they get escalated with Daily and Weekly Status Meetings.  • Provided solution recommendations to senior leadership. We met regularly to review project activities and strategic planning in order to achieve the company's objectives.  • As a technical project manager with 6 years of coding experience, I also provided IT knowledge on computer programming, architecture to large scale projects as deemed necessary.  • Built rapport with colleagues and negotiated with application owners and vendors, ability to innovate, develop resolutions with resource managers and resolve resource conflict issues  • Ability to identify risks, issues and find resolutions as required. Act proactively to remediate negative risks. Be compliant with regulatory (i.e. SOX, HIPAA, CMS, External Audits) IT Project Manager/ Emergency Staff (Plans and Intel) San Bernardino County Fire Department April 2010 to September 2011 • Created Program/ Project Charters and roadmaps and timelines while worked closely with key stakeholders such as Cities Emergency Managers and City Managers, Fire Chiefs, Battalion Chiefs, State of California Emergency Managers.  • In Charge of the $1 million WebEOC ERP Software Application and Hardware/ Servers. Affected 24 cities emergency departments & a 2000 personnel fire department.  • Managed and mitigated County Activations - Riots, MCIs, MVAs, H1N1 Flu, Structure Fire, Brush Fire, Flooding, Mud flow, Water Contamination with NH4ClO4, Power Outage, Excessive Heat, Radiation Fallout, etc.  • Identified business stakeholders and understands their strategic objectives, assist in business cases, requirements, and scopes. Identify approved changes, mitigate project risks, reduce roadblocks and develop roadmaps  • Assigned priorities on requirements, develop wireframes, broke down WBS into small workable packages and assigned daily sprint to software developers, UI, UX, work on front end development by using JavaScript, Jquery, Ajax, CSS, HTML, XML, XPath, XSLT, QA testing in ASP.NET environment. Use burndown chart, daily backlogs, issue backlogs, and MS project to keep in line with schedule and variance  • Annually to justify program and benefits and measurement for success, while report back to the State and track grant money (HSGP, HMGP, USAI), Approx. $1,000,000 budget annually developed grant requirement process, conducted cost analysis, fund modification, extensions, created Performa, purchase equipment/software under Federal grants  • Supervised and trained 44 county departments (e.g. Public Health, Behavior Health, Public Works, Law Enforcement, Fire Department, County Counsel, Board of Supervisors, NGOs) and 24 cities EOC Responders, City Managers in regards to the emergency management software Education M.B.A. in Finance Azusa Pacific University - Azusa, CA M.S. in Applied Computer Science Azusa Pacific University - Azusa, CA B.S. in Chemistry University of California Irvine - Irvine, CA A.S. in Fire Technology Rio Hondo College Skills 6-Sigma (10+ years), BRAND MARKETING (10+ years), Product lifecycle (10+ years), Marketing (10+ years), strategic planning (10+ years), Product Development, Business Analysis, Photoshop, Product Management, Agile Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) Present CSM Present Additional Information CORE COMPETENCIES:    • Leadership, Team Building  • Strategic Planning & Visionary  • Project/ Program Management Office  • Product Life Cycle Management  • International Business Development  • Strong Market Assessment Ability  • Excellent Problem Solving and Critical Thinking skills  • LEAN 6-Sigma/ Efficiency - Process Improvement Skills  • Commercialization of Consumer Products  • Government, Legislation Process & Regulations  • Strong Data Driven Marketing & Business Decision Process  • Quick rapport Establishment and Building Partnerships