Project Manager (Caribbean) Hurricane Restoration Project <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> (Caribbean) Hurricane Restoration <span class="hl">Project</span> Alexandria, VA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager (Caribbean) Hurricane Restoration Project SUMMUS - LIBERTY December 2018 to May 2019 Create and maintain relationships with senior management, customers, internal groups, and vendors. • Coordinate internal resources and third parties/vendors for the flawless execution of projects • Ensure that all projects are delivered on-time, within scope and within budget • Assist in the definition of project scope and objectives, involving all relevnt stakeholders and ensuring technical feasibility • Ensure resource availability and allocation • Develop a detailed project plan to monitor and track progress • Manage changes to the project scope, project schedule and project costs using appropriate verification techniques • Report and escalate to management as needed • Manage the relationship with the client and all stakeholders • Perform risk management to minimize project risks • Establish and maintain relationships with third parties/vendors • Create and maintain comprehensive project documentation • Meet with clients to take detailed ordering briefs and clarify specific requirements of each project • Delegate project tasks based on junior staff members’ individual strengths, skill sets and experience levels • Track project performance, specifically to analyze the successful completion of short and long-term goals • Meet budgetary objectives and make adjustments to project constraints based on financial analysis • Develop comprehensive project plans to be shared with clients as well as other staff members • Develop spreadsheets, diagrams and process maps to document needs  Country Project Manager TORRECOM - Guatemala January 2015 to December 2017 Create and maintain relationships with senior management, customers, internal groups, and vendors. • Identification of the client's primary needs and collaboration with the client in the concretion of the project's objectives • Coordinate project budgets, coordinate PO issuance and tracking • Responsible for the quality of civil engineering work performed, client service, utilization of staff, marketing, office reputation, contract management, billing collection, and project profitability for telecommunications engineering projects. Assures that project team complies with the contract agreement as well as exercises rigid cost control to implement the approved design within established budget restraints • Making the necessary decisions to know at all times the situation in relation to the established objectives • Adoption of the appropriate corrective measures to remedy the deviations detected • Respondent to the client and superiors of the achievement of the objectives of the project • Propose, where appropriate, modifications to the basic objectives or objectives of the project when circumstances so warrant • Identify and order the stages of the project. Facilitate and Manage each and every one of the activities included in each stage • Able to understand workflows. Always ensuring deadlines and delivery times • Coordinate multiple teams, tasks, and requirements • Establish a clear and timely communication, maintaining active contact with those involved in a project • Track each task periodically, identifying timely changes or requirements that must be communicated • Able to visualize possible problems and anticipate them • Follow-up the progress of the stages and determining if the deadlines will be met or if modifications are necessary  Country Project Manager Mobilitie Guatemala S A 2011 to 2012 PMO Site Acquisition Project  Company Mobilitie Guatemala S A  Attributions: Responsible for all Site Acquisition and associated activities.  • Monitor activities of the Service Providers and ensure that contract  requirements, specifications and milestones for Site Acquisition are met  • Ensure that the agreed implementation schedules and guidelines are  followed and enforced.  • Maintain the repository for status reports, work plans, proposals, and change  requests, provide oversight to ensure project is in compliance with established standards  • Standardize project management processes, tools, documentation, and templates, monitor project portfolio to ensure timely updates and  performance reporting process  • Provide up-to-date portfolio-level status reporting to executive management,  Provide PM guidance, training and tools  • Prepares regular daily/weekly/monthly progress report.  • Attend coordination and progress meetings  • Ensure that quality of the Service Providers is within client's standards and  Customer expectations.  • Maintain a good working relationship with the Customers representatives and all disciplines involved in the project.  • Coordinates activities and ensure that all disciplines directly involved in the project are in line with the Project goals and objectives.  • Negotiate lease, easement and ancillary agreements between landlord and client. Request and/or review a Title Report for the approved site candidates  • Coordinate and attend the Tech Team Visit with the RF Engineer, Zoning and  Construction. Coordinating RF, Zoning, Construction and Landlord  requirements modify as necessary  • Represent the organization at meetings with vendors, legal representatives,  landowners, councils and other governmental authorities.  • Coordinate works with the Service Providers and any other disciplines that  interface with the Site Acquisition group  • Prepares or reviews various reports, forms, correspondence, e-mail messages,  logs, budget documents, and group goals and objectives.    henrrybautista@hotmail.com  Tel: 5696-6191  US (temp) 1 571 297 1290 Implementation Project Manager of Retail Management and POS Central America and Caribbean 2009 to 2011 Company DigicelGroup - Jamaica  Attributions: Coordinates the planning and implementation of POS system installation across 32 markets.  • Coordinates the ordering, installation, schedules and deployment team in each market.  • Coordinates inventory and logistics of system's deployment in all markets.  • Serves as liaison between the markets and the vendor.  • Proactively coordinating project and acting as central point of contact for the project team including client, facilitators, and market's stakeholders.  • Identifying, developing and maintaining stakeholder relationships  • Contributing to meeting and workshop design and Help to maintain and develop the organization's policies and resources  • Help to train the training on POS system training courses  • Attend project coordination and owner/contractor/architect/engineer  meetings as requested or required  • Assist with the research and preparation of field change requests to resolve  design issues. Conduct quality control activities in accordance with instructions, inspection programs, using specified control measuring and  testing equipment  • Research and recommend solutions to design document problems, including  conflicts, interferences and errors/omissions  • Working closely under the guidance and direction and Project Manager, learn  POS and Inventory management system and methods Rollout System and Network Administrator IT Support DigicelGroup - Central America 2007 to 2009 Honduras,  Nicaragua, Panama)  Company DigicelGroup - Central America  Attributions: Network Administrator    • Analyze, log, track and complex software and hardware matters of significance  pertaining to networking connectivity issues, printer, server, and application to meet  business needs.  • Coordinate hardware and software installations and upgrades to ensure work is  performed in accordance with company policy.  • Recommends resolutions to complex matters of significance and coordinate the implementation of the approved course of action.  • Coordinate testing, upgrade and configuration of system files and services.  • Ensure changes are in accordance with appropriate operating procedures.  • Utilize standard corporate tools to record changes, service requests, and problem  activities for tracking purposes.  henrrybautista@hotmail.com  Tel: 5696-6191  US (temp) 1 571 297 1290    • Site Acquisition Database Administrator (Honduras, Nicaragua, Panama)  • Windows 2003 Server.  • Users help to manage Queries  • Hardware maintenance and support.  • Software installation and support.  • Applications support.  • Network users support.  • Users Training.  • Email administration  • Microsoft Exchange 2007 Education System Engineering in Computer Science Universidad San Carlos Guatemala - Guatemala 1997 to 2003 Skills Project Management (10+ years)