IT Supervisor <span class="hl">IT</span> Supervisor GIS Technician, IT Management and Drones Cleveland, MS Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Supervisor Center for Interdisciplinary Geospatial Technologies August 2012 to Present Manage all technology assets(three servers, forty desktop computers, two large format plotters(42in, 60in), laser printer, and a DJI Phantom(with live view from GoPro)    Emergency Services  Volunteered Services, Time, and Effort for Significant Events or Crisis: GIS Technician and IT Project Coordinator Center for Interdisciplinary Geospatial Technologies 2011 to Present Function as GIS Technician and IT Project Coordinator, reporting directly to the Director, Center for Interdisciplinary Geospatial Information Technologies. Primary responsibilities include maintaining computer workstations, servers, and all peripheral devices. Negotiate purchase of all IT equipment and peripheral devices. Additional responsibilities include assisting with the production of warfighter atlases of the United States, Afghanistan, and more than 5 locations in Africa using Adobe Acrobat, Arc GIS Suite, and TerraGO Technologies. Produce multiple personalized maps and posters ranging from 24" x 36" to 60" x 42". Assist with creating U.S. National Grid (USNG) courses to train government officials such as emergency management personnel and parks and recreational serviceman, Boy Scouts of America, and members of community. GIS Technican Center for Interdisciplinary Geospatial Technologies - Cleveland, MS May 2010 to Present Volunteered time and effort to assist Center for Interdisciplinary Geospatial Information Technologies with creation of mapbooks for 41 most eastern counties in North Carolina to be used in search and rescue efforts associated with Hurricane Irene. Office Manager Center Center for Interdisciplinary Geospatial Technologies August 2013 to February 2015 Function as personal assistant to Talbot Brooks, preparing payroll, ordering supplies, preparing travel requisitions, scheduling and assigning employees to tasks, training new employees, and giving tours of the building. (volunteer), Fire Department of New York Center for Interdisciplinary Geospatial Technologies - New York, NY 2012 to 2012 Volunteered time and effort to assist Fire Department of New York with Superstorm Sandy search and rescue efforts. Assisted with production of mapbook to calculate storm surge. (volunteer), Mississippi Emergency Management Agency, MS Center for Interdisciplinary Geospatial Technologies 2012 to 2012 Volunteered time and effort to assist Mississippi Emergency Management Agency with Hurricane Issac search and rescue efforts. Created mapbook template to calculate storm surge and visualize areas of need. (volunteer), Wiley Post Airport, OK Center for Interdisciplinary Geospatial Technologies 2012 to 2012 Volunteered time and effort to assist relief efforts with tornado search and rescue efforts. Assisted with production of mapbook to assist initial setup and entire storm track.    Computer Skills  Computer assembly, repair, and network administration and design, database design, database management.    Software Skills  ArcGIS Desktop(9.3,10, 10.1,10.2,10.3).Mission Planner.TerraGO Toolbar, Publisher, and Composer. ArcServer. Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Publisher, Access, Outlook, and OneNote). Windows operating systems: NT, XP,  Vista, 7, and 8 (Desktop and Server), Linux, and Unix. Programming and scripting: SQL, HTML, XML, CSS, C#, ArcPy, Python, VB. TechSmith: Camtasia Studio and SnagIt. Autodesk, Maya. Google Earth. Agisoft PhotoScan. Education Bachelor of Business Administration in Computer Information System Delta State University December 2015 Certificate of GIS Delta State Skills Microsoft Office (10+ years), GIS, LiDAR, GIS (5 years), LiDAR (4 years), Linux (5 years), Windows Server 2008, Windows Server 2008 (5 years), Windows Server 2003 (5 years), ArcGIS (5 years), ArcGIS, SQL, SQL (5 years), ArcGIS for Server, ArcGIS for Server (5 years), IIS (5 years), Wordpress (6 years), 3D Printing, 3D Printing (5 years), CAD (3 years), CAD, Photoshop (1 year), Video Editing (2 years), Dropbox, Dropbox (3 years), Drone Design (2 years), Drone Pilot (2 years), CSS, CSS (3 years), HTML (10+ years), Asp.Net (2 years), Java (2 years), Javascript (1 year), Python (2 years), Management Experience (3 years), Management Skills, Management Skills (3 years), Secretarial, Secretarial (2 years), IT Management (4 years), IT (10+ years), Printing (5 years), Printers (5 years), MySQL (5 years), Printers, MySQL, Visual Basic (5 years), Access And Powerpoint, Access And Powerpoint (3 years), Servers (5 years), Excel, Excel (5 years), Data Entry (3 years), Database Management (4 years), Training (5 years), Training & Development (5 years), Training And Development (4 years), Webex (3 years), Computer Skills (10+ years), Consulting (Less than 1 year), Analysis (1 year), Project Management, Project Management (3 years) Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/wonsnot http://www.prestondavidwhite.com Certifications/Licenses GIS Certificate from Delta State University Driver's License