Sr. IT Business Analyst / Mentor Consultant Sr. <span class="hl">IT</span> Business Analyst / Mentor Consultant Sr. IT Business Analyst / Business System Analyst Minneapolis-Saint Paul, MN Self-starter and experienced Business Analyst with over 8 years of track record. Solid understanding of all phases of the SDLC, ITIL, project management, enterprise infrastructure upgrade and deployment, and translating business processes to system functions.    • Skilled in process mapping, process re-engineering, quality assurance, systems acceptability, functional  testing, reports writing, web design analysis, ongoing support, and training.  • Experienced in Agile, Hybrid, and Waterfall methodologies, facilitating JAD sessions, KANBAN board, user interface (UI), Mock-ups, user stories, UML diagram, wire framing and scenario creation of complex  business problems and workflows.  • Extensive organizing skills experience in conducting user acceptance testing (UAT), GAP analysis, SWOT  analysis, cost benefits, and impact analysis.  • Experienced in SQL Queries data validation, data integration, data modeling, data analysis, and data  mapping.  • Actively implements knowledge of Business Analysis Body of Knowledge (IIBA BABOK) in routine work.  Excellent track record for meeting deadlines and submitting deliverables on time.  • Proficient in creating user stories, high-level test plans, test cases, test procedures and test scripts based on business requirements.  • Skilled in analyzing and identifying large complex business requirements and validating them with all levels of business and technical teams.  • Strong background in project management lifecycle, project initiation/proposals/scoping, project delivery,  business liaison/ stakeholder management, post implementation review and project close out. Work Experience Sr. IT Business Analyst / Mentor Consultant Delta Airlines Inc - Eagan, MN July 2017 to Present Project Name: DCDR Mission Critical Application Resiliency 2.3, Windows 10 Migration Phase-1    Responsibilities  • Scope and implements DCDR (Data Center Disaster Recovery) project Application level recoverability at Delta's 72 mission critical applications into ATL1  • Involved in all phases of requirements eliciting, UI design, construction, testing and deployment for infrastructure upgrades i.e. database, firewall security, storage, network, monitoring etc.  • Develop functional specifications, use cases, reviewed with ARB team and coordinate large design session to capture process models. DCDR Team size~1000, Budget~$50 million  • Lead BA on Windows 10 migration (Appx. 65,000 users), certified over 1300 components.  • Accomplished IT Pilot Role migration and conducted component testing with component owners.  • Team involved- Project team, packaging, business, component and role owners) Overall Windows migration Budget $8.5 million.  Environment: Office 2013, MS Visio 2010, Client-server application, MS SharePoint 2010, Crystal Reporting, Remedy IT service Management, Windows 7 Enterprise, TFS, Skype, Desktop Fusion. Business Analyst-MnDOT State of Minnesota - Saint Paul, MN May 2016 to June 2017 BOE upgrade 4.1, RHEL7 upgrade, TRADAS/Jackalope Implementation, and Testing.    Responsibilities  • Scoped and implemented projects related to hardware and software and infrastructure upgrades such as Microsoft Office 2013 upgrade, eDOCS upgrade from DM 5.3.1 to DM 10 and retirement of DM 5.3.1  • Involved in all phases of requirements producing, scoping, design, construction, testing, deployment, and support post implementation.  • Led technical and business sessions to interact deployment plan. Successfully upgraded over 4000 MnDOT's workstations to Office 2013, and 1500 workstations into Office 2013 and eDOCS DM10.  • Worked closely with UI (User Interface) team for requirements gathering in multiple Jackalope project phases.  • Coached cross-functional team on how to use RALLY for Agile development i.e.: composing user stories, setting priorities, iterations etc.  • Participated in a weekly meeting to update stakeholders on the status of the current iteration.  • Scoping business requirements and cost estimation for Windows10 Readiness, Oracle upgrade (12c), RedHat  Enterprise Linux (RHEL7 upgrade), BOE upgrade (4.1).  • Collaborated with QA team to design test plan and test cases for User Acceptance Testing (UAT). Applied Test  Manager for test planning, scheduling, executing test cases, managing and tracking defects.  • Created and managed Test Plan, Test case, Test scripts, and UAT for SharePoint migration to GCC.  • Proactively communicated and collaborated with customers to analyze information needs and functional  requirements and deliver the following artifacts as needed (i.e. functional requirements, process flows, user  stories, use cases, screen and interface designs).  • Assisted JACKALOPE web base application testing with vendor-High Desert Traffic.  Environment: Office 2013, MS Visio 2010, Client-server application, SQL Server 2008, Agile-RALLY, TFS, Crystal Reports Designer 2008, MS SharePoint 2010, Team foundation server (TFS), Crystal Reporting, Remedy IT service Management, Windows 7 Enterprise, Test Manager 2013, Skype, SAP BOE 3.1, SQL Server reporting services. Business System Analyst-DTMB State of Michigan - Lansing, MI August 2015 to April 2016 Supporting DEQ/DNR/MDARD/MDHHS    Responsibilities  • Elicited requirements using interviews, document analysis, requirements workshops, surveys, site visits, business process analysis, workflows, use cases and business scenarios.  • Liaison between the business units consisting of DTMB staff, contractors/vendors, and consultants by enforcing DTMB project management methodology and system development methodologies (Waterfall and Agile).  • Independently handled and managed multiple projects with PMO team and micro projects with operational team related with web enhancements, minor editing of web interface and emergency bug fix errors.  • Successfully migrated and installed WinWam for 32 MDARD inspectors' machines from access to SQL server Express R2 database and created silent sync.  • Worked with multiple vendors (i.e. USA Herds, WinWam) for patch installation (i.e. RFID Tag Distribution for MDARD, Wellogic patch and SDWIS patch 3.3 for DEQ).  • Gathered business requirements and enhanced UI design for Wildlife Disease Lab testing results (DNR), discussed business needs with customer and updated information to production database by coordinating with database and web support team.  • Assisted key stakeholder to understand the gap between current and future business process flows.  • Involved both project and operational tasks; participated on AGILE-writing use case and high level user stories based on business needs. Maintained product backlog in TFS and participated in user story grooming session.  • Led KANBAN board to interact all level of business and technical team. Updated process flows of KANBAN board for DTMB and documented RFC (Request for change) process for management team.  • Tracked and recorded projects and operational tasks in Change Point.  • Queried various databases using SQL2008 for backend testing and mapping power builder applications with power builder developers. Actively involved in multiple phases from capturing requirements to production.  • Worked on various projects such as-Mi-Water (DEQ), Archery database, Michigan minor wood editing and Fire PC weather stations. Developed and managed defect tracking logs and facilitated problem resolution.  • Captured meeting minutes and updated stakeholders during monthly opportunity board meeting.  • Performed User Acceptance Test with client/user and formalized UAT approval for production deployment. Communicated Go-Live date, impact and communication with users.  Environment: Microsoft Office 2013, KANBAN, Agile, MS Visio 2010, Relational Database, Client server  application, SQL Server 2008, T-SQL, MS Visual Studio 2013, Changepoint, MS SharePoint 2010, Team foundation server (TFS), Crystal Reporting, Remedy IT service Management, Windows 7, .NET, Microsoft Silverlight. Project Manager II /Business Analyst Fannie Mae - Reston, VA October 2014 to July 2015 Project Name: Windows Migration 8.1    Responsibilities  • Hands-on experience in project management of cross-functional teams that developed, integrated, and implemented infrastructure and/or software solutions. Overall project budget was $32 million.  • Successfully migrated to Windows 8.1 from Windows XP with large number of user group.  • Developed requirements and performed testing for new asset tracking system.  • Maintained the project plan up to date, scoping project requests, and executed plan activities.  • Identified and managed risks and issues and provided status reports on a weekly basis.  • Developed and executed SQL queries using Accelerate tool for data validation and reporting.  • Mentored deployment team to set the standard deployment expectations align with business groups.  • Conducted all meetings, provided meeting minutes and followed up on action items with LOB's.  • Managed access to all migration artifacts and the overall change control process.  • Maintained Rollout Schedule and communicated at all levels internally and externally.  • Partnered with technical, business, and vendor resources to obtain requirements, track progress, identify issues, risks, and constraints, and defined plans to resolve or mitigate.  • Lead point of contacts for MC-Org deployment that coordinated application certification with Application manager pool, LOB Champion, and business unit. Responsible for scheduling, PC survey, and monitoring MC-Org deployment. Migrated over 4,000 users (5 departments and sub) out of 17,000 users.  • Maintained engagement with all external stakeholders such as LOB Champion and Business leads.  • Followed up with Asset manager regarding the certification life cycle for all Applications such as: UAT, Packaging, Remediation, Deployed to Production and Certified.  • Managed daily tasks for the team and kept all teams informed of upcoming activities through daily check-ins.    Environment: Microsoft Office Suite 2013, MS Visio, SQL Server, MS SharePoint, Accelerate, MS Project 2013, Jabber, Windows 8.1 Business Analyst III Vantiv Inc - Cincinnati, OH April 2013 to August 2014 Project Name:    i. Element SalesForce Integration: The primary Objective of this project was to create a single instance of Salesforce.com.  ii. Merchant Enablement Boarding: The project was based on self-merchant boarding and eliminates other payment rails like NPC.  iii. Analytics for MyNPCdata.net: Customer Insights was an on-line portal that allowed merchants to view their top customers, where they are coming from, and help them make better business decisions.    Responsibilities  • Involved in project for integration of Vantiv and NPC payments processing systems.  • Captured requirements from business stakeholders and SME's of Vantiv and NPC for implementing the single payment processing system.  • Conducted meetings (online/in-person), created payment process system wireframe/ UI design, and conducted JAD sessions with stakeholders to collect business requirements.  • Developed Business and functional requirements, scoping project requests, use cases, user stories using RALLY, Use case, storyboard, and requirements traceability matrix.  • Worked with business development and product support teams to discuss input or output requirements, AS-IS and To-Be process flows/ Conceptual diagrams.  • Assisted product owner, groomed product backlog using Rally and ensured cross-team coordination.  • Worked with Data team in writing SQL query for identifying databases involved in the application development.  • Created user stories and participated in daily Scrum meeting in Agile software development.  • Maintained progress communications, activities, and schedules using MS Project and SharePoint.  • Performed GAP Analysis to identify the deficiencies of the current system and to identify the requirements for the change in the proposed system.  • Developed test scenarios, test plan, test conditions and test cases to be used based on business requirements and technical specifications.    Environment: MS Visio, MS Office Suite, RALLY, Rational Requisite Pro, UML, Windows XP, MS Project, Quality  Center, SQL Server, TFS, Share Point. Business System Analyst Health Partners - Bloomington, MN April 2012 to March 2013 Project Name: Web service design enhancement    Responsibilities  • Worked in Agile environment with business development and product support teams to discuss input or output well being web design requirements, process, and data flows.  • Conducted JAD sessions to define system requirement specifications (SRS) and detailed discussions with the technical team to design the user interface (UI) for Facets system.  • Worked with Facets application groups: claims processing, subscriber, provider, enrollment, quick member, and mass plan change application.  • Hosted client interviews to identify current business processes. Analyzed workflow and relationships between development, production, testing, and web support team.  • Facilitated User Acceptance Testing with the stakeholders and business users as well as trained users.  • Effectively translated policy and health care standards into functional requirements and testing guides.    Environment: MS Visio, MS Office Suite, Rational Requisite Pro, UML, Windows XP, MS Project, Quality Center, SQL Server, TFS, Share Point. Business Process Analyst Fifth Third Bank - Cincinnati, OH January 2011 to February 2012 Project Name: Personal banking application    Responsibilities  • Followed waterfall process model for the different phases of the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC).  • Conducted meetings, interviews and JAD sessions with stakeholders to collect business requirements.  • Prepared and analyzed 'AS-IS' and 'TO-BE' workflow scenarios, designed new process flows and captured the business process and activities of the business from the conceptual to procedural level.  • Perform data validation using SQL queries and run ad-hoc queries to show data to the business users.  • Analyzed user requirements, attended change request meetings to document changes and implemented  procedures to test changes using Rational Clear Quest.  • Analyzed system requirements, developed detailed test plan, use case, test cases and test scripts for testing functionality of the application.    Environment: JIRA, Visio, MS Project, MS Visio, MS Office, Oracle, Business Objects, Visual Studio. Education Master of Management Information Systems in MMIS Metropolitan State University - Saint Paul, MN 2013 Skills Security, Web design, Microsoft office, Integration, Quality assurance, Cost estimation, Estimation, Risk assessment, Customer service, Governance Additional Information KEY STRENGTHS  • IT Risk assessment and management • IT Governance • Requirements Elicitation • Cost Estimation  • People, process, and system • Risk and issue system control • IT Migration • Web design • Impact analysis  • Quality Assurance • Windows and Microsoft Office suite upgrade • IT Security Integration • Customer service