Project Manager (Software) <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> (Software) Project Manager (Software) - AccessNsite Oceano, CA Self-starter and highly motivated leader, graduating with a background in Network Systems Administration. Clear understanding of network systems, switch and routing protocols, illustrated through projects and practical business applications. Proven efficiency in defining problems, collecting data, and drawing valid conclusions. Experienced Veteran specializing in leadership, teamwork, and problem solving to achieve given goals and objectives.    • Operating Systems from Windows, Linux, Mac  • Virtual Machines  • Microsoft Office Suite  • Networking and Routing  • Critical Thinking and Problem Solving  • 901 & 902 A+ Certified  • High Pressure Clear Decision Making  • Motivated by Change and Challenges  • Works Well in a Team or Independently  • Leadership and Communication Skills  • Connectwise and JIRA Ticketing System  • Accurate and Efficient Work Work Experience Project Manager (Software) AccessNsite March 2019 to Present • Accurately present customer problems in tracking system and/or meetings and offer suggestions for code changes.  • Write and execute test plans along with documentation updates.  • Assist with Dealer training on the use of the AccessNsite access control application. Responsibilities to include preparation of course content and material and presentation of course content.  • Proactively follow through on customer issues to ensure customers concerns are addressed accurately and promptly. Help Desk- prioritization of tickets based on urgency Applied Technologies Center/Scientific Drilling November 2018 to February 2019 Nov 2018- Feb 2019  IT  • Using SolarWinds and Nagios for SNMP monitoring.  • Replaced HP switches and servers to Cisco servers and switches. Terminated wire and re-ran wires.  • Help Desk- prioritization of tickets based on urgency.  • Network and system trouble shooting diagnosing problems and implementing solutions. IT Specialist Divine Vitality June 2016 to August 2017 Alarm Service Technician Advanced Security April 2015 to June 2016 Field Engineer Enterprise Drilling Fluids February 2013 to March 2015 Field Engineer Geo Drilling Fluids August 2011 to February 2013 Education Southern New Hampshire University July 2019 California Polytechnic State University July 2018 to April 2019 Associate in Network Systems Administration DeVry University - Bakersfield, CA June 2018 Certifications/Licenses Driver's License