IT Technician <span class="hl">IT</span> Technician Providing Quality Customer Service and Resolutions to Technical Problems Albuquerque, NM Stabilizes and optimizes process workflow through a focus on interpersonal communication and best-in-class customer service. Brings a rapidly adaptable set of skills and a highly-organized environment to any project, with a track record of efficient and precise task completion and delivery. Adept with Microsoft Office Suite, MySQL, and database/server administration, with 4+ years of experience. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Technician Telstar Networks - Las Cruces, NM July 2018 to Present • Served as primary technician for contract and data services across multiple customers.   • Administered network, server, and data resources both internal and external.   • Provided remote and onsite support administering XenServer, instructing on new aspects of the software.   • Developed, restructured, and provided ongoing instructive and technical support for WinPAK access control. GAME DESIGNER Dreamscarred Press - Allen, TX May 2014 to Present • Led development teams in production of new extensions to gaming systems, while helping to pioneer and sell our brand in new systems.    • Implemented Slack and Google Docs for integrated communication and cooperative workspaces.    • Selected as a member of elite teams, dedicated to reinvention and becoming best-in-industry for product clarity and quality.    • Analyzed extant data to predict industry trends and used best practices to develop and release universally well-received products in a competitive market.     • Excelled at fully realizing abstract concepts and plans into concrete publications.    • Published author of critically-acclaimed works in the Psionics Augmented series, including Seventh Path, Host of Heroes, and Mind and Soul. IMPLEMENTATION MANAGER Itron, Inc - Liberty Lake, WA June 2017 to November 2017 • Worked with project management, Adecco contractors, and customers to assess and furnish services to optimize process and results.  • Drafted and released official documentation supporting employee benefits and on-the-job needs.  • Directed and trained Itron assets, resulting in time savings of 10% and slashing total project cost by 20%. PROJECT COORDINATOR Itron, Inc - Liberty Lake, WA October 2016 to June 2017 • Developed overall Microsoft Project rollout plan for TNMP and City of Dallas smart grid installation, supporting energy and water resource management infrastructure.  • Reported regularly on the status of upcoming project phases, as well as projected end dates for current ones.  • Worked with project management to generate projections, resulting in time savings greater than 10% PROJECT ADMINISTRATOR Itron, Inc - Liberty Lake, WA December 2015 to June 2017 • Provided MySQL and Itron Field Deployment Manager reporting database administration.  • Used data from ChoiceConnect for RSR analysis and regular large-scope reporting.  • Acted as primary liaison for Baltimore City utility agencies on behalf of Itron, in support of large-scale AMI/R implementation.  • Implemented Salesforce.com call center software.  • Automated project reports, reducing reporting costs by 50% and resulting in time savings of 75%.  • Developed processes and methods to insource project call center, reducing operating cost by 50%. Education Bachelor of Arts in Forensic Psychology in Forensic Psychology NEW MEXICO STATE UNIVERSITY - Las Cruces, NM May 2014 Skills Administrative Assistant (3 years), Microsoft Office (6 years), Microsoft Project (1 year), MySQL (2 years), Data Analysis (3 years), Database Management (2 years), Training & Development (1 year), Data Entry (4 years) Publications Psionics Augmented: Seventh Path http://dreamscarred.com/product/psionics-augmented-seventh-path/ The latest release in our on-going Psionics Augmented product line, Seventh Path, is now available for download and print preorder! Psionics Augmented: Seventh Path introduces the Athanatism discipline and the conduit option for the psion, as well as archetypes for all the psionic classes, two prestige class archetypes, new psionic feats, and dozens of new psionic powers focused around interacting with the spirit world. Psionics Augmented: Occult https://www.drivethrurpg.com/product/216823/Psionics-Augmented-Occult With Psionics Augmented: Occult, Dreamscarred Press brings to your table a plethora of ways to integrate psychic magic with the psionics system from Ultimate Psionics. Within these pages, you’ll find new ways to use both occult and psionic material in your game, including psionic takes on psychic classes, psychic takes on psionic classes, and everything in-between. Psionics Augmented: Host of Heroes https://www.drivethrurpg.com/product/206361/Psionics-Augmented-Host-of-Heroes?term=host+of+heroes&test_epoch=0 There are those adventurers who seek to emulate the legends they hear of in stories, even taking up their mantels or channelling their spirits. Then there are the hosts of heroes who instead seek to become a legend. The host of heroes uses his psionic power and the tools of those who came before to write a new legend, one where they are the hero forever remembered. Using the aegis class from Ultimate Psionics, the host of heroes archetype provides legendary roles that the character can use to shape his abilities and astral suit to tackle the challenges before him. Psionics Augmented: Mind And Soul https://www.drivethrurpg.com/product/192166/Psionics-Augmented-Mind-And-Soul Psionics Augmented: Occult continues with the Mind and Soul release! In this PDF, you will find a variety of archetypes for the meserist and spiritualist classes from Pathfinder RPG Occult Adventures, as well as new archetypes for the phantom and wilder. Additional Information I'm an experienced data miner, computer technician, and people person, and graduated from New Mexico State University in 2014, with a degree in Forensic Psychology. I have experience with Itron Field Deployment Manager, mySQL, Microsoft Office, Salesforce.com, Project, Slack, and Google Docs. In work and in my hobbies I am driven, enthusiastic, and creative, and work well in both team and individual environments. I am currently working to advance my skill in Python and R, and with FTP.