IT Project Coordinator <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> Coordinator Emerging Project Management Professional Rochester, NY Emerging Project Management professional with a passion for bridging the gap between technology and the business. Experience managing varying complexities of IT projects. Proven track record of delivering projects on time, according to requirements and within budget. Desire and ability to be creative within the constraints of business priorities, resources, etc. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Coordinator Wegmans Food Markets, Inc. - Rochester, NY June 2017 to Present • Drive cross-functional collaboration within the project team, stakeholders and vendors to ensure alignment between business objectives and project deliverables.  • Manage project team members by influence as they are not direct reports to the project.  • Multiple Microsoft End-user computing projects for deployment to 7000+ end points working with various vendors and business units. (Inclusive of OneDrive, entire Office suite and Windows 10.)  • Including the support of a new strategy to allow these end points to be better managed through automation and scripting for a more efficient and secure environment.  • Unified Warehouse management system for multiple facilities, one that was using 30+ year old technology and pen and paper, as well as managing the vast change management feat and working with Unionized labor and a workforce that is 85% non-English speaking.  • Stood up a state-of-the-art customer contact center by merging two existing groups together using the   • People, Process, Technology methodology, bringing common tools and practices together as well as new business efficiencies.  • Managing a vendor using Agile methodologies to create an entirely new, state-of-the-art, pharmacy patient communication portal - including text, web, and mobile platforms.  • Accounting changes across multiple controller’s groups that allows our pharmacies to select, pack and ship from a centralized location while saving labor hours, cutting packing and shipping cost and being more efficient while still maintaining a personal relationship with the customers.  Sales Associate & Cash Wrap Specialist West Elm - Rochester, NY July 2015 to Present Oversee other Sales Associates at the Cash Wrap and assist with carrying through transaction in accordance with policies and regulations. IT Project Manager Intern Wegmans Food Markets, Inc. - Rochester, NY January 2015 to June 2017 • Drive cross-functional collaboration within the project team, stakeholders and vendors to ensure alignment between business objectives and project deliverables.  • Manage project team members by influence as they are not direct reports to the project. Support & Merchandising Associate Macy's - Henrietta, NY May 2015 to March 2017 General Manager r Salon - Webster, NY January 2011 to May 2015 • Prepared payroll, including supplemental earnings, tips & base wages and ensured new hire paperwork was legally submitted.   • Directly provided training for Guest Service Team to provide outstanding customer service to guests.   • Maintained necessary inventory levels for both professional and retail products and managed vendor relationships.   Education Bachelor's in Management Information Systems Rochester Institute of Technology - Rochester, NY May 2017 Skills Information Technology, PM, SDLC, Software Development, Waterfall Links http://linkedin.com/in/zsweet