Inventory Control Manager Inventory Control <span class="hl">Manager</span> Inventory Control Manager - Voss Lighting Beatrice, NE I'm truly passionate about my work and always eager to connect with  other professionals. While I enjoy all aspects of my job, I think my  favorite stage of a project is the interaction between myself, my team  and the end user. I also like to hear feedback from customers on  how our products have affected their daily operation.  My current role as Inventory Control Manager allow me to offer my experience to train newer employees. I have also been on the cusp of the beginning  of the company's E-commerce initiative and chat customer service  program. This allowed me to communicate with customer and  experience first hand what customers were dealing with. Work Experience Inventory Control Manager Voss Lighting - Lincoln, NE March 2019 to Present • Primarily responsible for purchasing various products for the branch.   • Responsible for inventory receiving, maintaining appropriate stock levels, returning excess stock to proper vendors, and managing the overall warehouse organization Project Coordinator National accounts Voss Lighting - Lincoln, NE July 2017 to February 2019 • Coordinate input from geographically dispersed subject matter and pricing  experts throughout the company.   • Develop written lighting systems proposals, incorporate project-specific data from the energy audit (labor, product,expense items, taxes, & available rebates) as well as all relevant and required contract sections and language, and coordinate project financing.   • Review, proof read, revise, and ensure version control while managing proposal content and templates in a structured library. Support Center Specialist Voss Lighting - Lincoln, NE August 2015 to June 2017 • Primarily responsible for sales support via phone and e-mail.   • Assisting salesmen with product information, placing orders, checking stock  levels, pricing, status of orders, checking history.  • inputting new customer accounts and information  • Supporting the local branches by being a backup to assist with excess calls. Operations Associate Crete Carrier Corporation September 2014 to August 2015 • Communicate with Company drivers, customers and general public via email  and phone  • Calculate best routes for drivers to keep operations efficient and productive  • Provide drivers with solutions as problems occur to avoid delays in delivery Emergency services dispatcher City of Lincoln - Lincoln, NE April 2013 to September 2014 • Dispatched police, fire and ambulance services to assist pubic during emergencies  • Displayed the ability to remain calm and give advice during high stress  • situations  • Gathered, prioritized, and documented caller information to strict standards Corrections officer State of Nebraska July 2010 to April 2013 Nebraska state penitentiary  • Monitored inmate activities inside prison cells and during activity time to ensure security  • Coordinated detainee movement appropriately, and manage emergency  responses  • Provided prompt and apt assistance to inmates in the event of illness and trauma IT Technician S systems LLC - Nebraska City, NE September 2009 to June 2010 • Diagnosed computers for companies and individuals to find specific problems  • Used a variety of tools to make repairs to computers, hard drives, processors  and monitors  • Made recommendations to customers to maintain their computers at peak  performance Education Criminal Justice Southeast Community College Skills Customer service, Problem solving, Inventory Control, Customer Service, Critical Thinking, Supply Chain, Inventory Management Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/adam-turner-7b086a101?jobid=1234&lipi=urn%3Ali%3Apage%3Ad_jobs_easyapply_pdfgenresume%3Bio54uvwjToygsege%2BlAECQ%3D%3D&licu=urn%3Ali%3Acontrol%3Ad_jobs_easyapply_pdfgenresume-v02_profile Certifications/Licenses Lighting Specialist 1 September 2015 to Present National Association of Independent Lighting Distributors