Job Seeker Aberdeen, NJ Work Experience 1010data, Inc October 2018 to July 2019 • Organizational agility for the company, shape the company to get them to embrace one set of tools and practices and find a common culture to agree on including moving from a hierarchy to a network-based organization, defining and improving hiring practices, onboarding practices, goals and objectives, and generally disrupting the traditional process to help everyone feel like they are equally a part of the team  • Creating processes to guide the organization through agile transformation, orchestrating validated learning - fostering a culture of experimentation (MVP, OKR, CFR) and creating and developing continuously improving agile practices with solid processes and policies across teams to manage alignment with corporate mission and company culture. Including leadership coaching, team training efforts and process modeling.  • Sought participation of larger communities within the company to better gain community adoption of Agile methodology. Provided guidance and training to technical and non-technical teams to use Lean Methodology and associated tools. Actively developed and improved Lean thinking and skill sets by keeping teams aware of industry trends, tools, and techniques.  • Managed Google Suite and Slack implementations, vendor contracts and client engagements, understanding and assessing client processes, improved infrastructure, team dynamics and provided a Center of Excellence for SAAS tools including, , Atlassian Suite: JIRA, Confluence, JIRA Service Desk, Portfolio for JIRA, Atlassian Premier Support and all associated add-ons and third party SAAS systems including Status Page, Trello Etc. Senior Agile Engineer and COE Priceline.com July 2017 to October 2018 • Managed Google Suite and Slack implementations, vendor contracts and client engagements, understanding and assessing client processes, improved infrastructure, team dynamics and provided a Center of Excellence for SAAS tools including, , Atlassian Suite: JIRA, Confluence, JIRA Service Desk, Portfolio for JIRA, Atlassian Premier Support and all associated add-ons and third party SAAS systems including Status Page, Trello Etc.  • Hosted New York City Atlassian User Group Meetings. Sought participation of larger communities within the company to better gain community adoption of Agile methodology. Provided guidance and training to technical and non-technical teams to use Atlassian Suite and associated tools. Actively developed and improved Atlassian Suite skill sets by keeping aware of Atlassian Suite industry trends, tools, and techniques.  • Managed project and space ownership across the company. Advised and coached in collaborative work across disciplines and within various teams to help improve the process and workflow. Assisted in diagnosing errors and breakdowns in the operational, People systems and business pipeline. Configured executive dashboards and reporting. Implemented agile workflows and boards through Atlassian Suite. Performed a variety of Atlassian Suite related customizations and administrative requests for the internal operational and people systems teams. Performed issue reporting, research, analysis, confirmation and support resolution on multiple complex processes. Understanding business requirements and translating into logical spaces projects, groups, kanban boards, technical schemes, and workflows.  • Researched and implemented Atlassian's Atlassian Suite and all required apps (add-ons) latest practices and policies including optimizing and configuring using industry standards and best practices. Provided direction for infrastructure configuration, environment management and support of Atlassian Suite. Senior Application Support Manager and COE WeWork Inc January 2017 to May 2017 • Agile Leadership - Sought participation of larger community at company to better gain community adoption of Agile methodology. Provided guidance and training to technical and non-technical teams to use Atlassian Suite and associated tools.  • Managed vendor contracts and client engagements, understanding and assessing client processes, improved infrastructure, team dynamics and provided a Center of Excellence for SAAS tools including Google Suite, Slack, Atlassian Suite: JIRA, Confluence, JIRA Service Desk, Portfolio for JIRA, Atlassian Premier Support and all associated add-ons and third party SAAS systems including Status Page, Trello, Asana, Airtable, Agiloft, Blueprint, Docusign, Box and Dropbox.  • Hosted New York City Atlassian User Group Meetings. Actively developed and improved Atlassian Suite skill sets by keeping aware of Atlassian Suite industry trends, tools, and techniques.  • Managed project and space ownership across the company. Advised and coached in collaborating work across disciplines and within development teams to help drive projects to completion. Assisted in diagnosing errors and breakdowns in the development pipeline. Configured executive dashboards and reporting. Implemented agile workflows and boards through Atlassian Suite. Performed a variety of Atlassian Suite related customizations and administrative requests for the internal development teams. Performed issue reporting, research, analysis, confirmation and support resolution on multiple complex projects. Understanding business requirements and translating into logical spaces projects, groups, agile boards, technical schemes and workflows.  • Researched and implemented Atlassian's suite of tools and processes and all required add-ons latest practices and policies including Installing, patching, optimizing and configuring using industry standards and best practices. Provided direction on AWS configuration, environment management and support of Atlassian Suite. Delivery Manager and Enterprise Applications Owner OnDeck Capital Inc November 2015 to November 2016 • Agile Leadership - Empowered agile teams in the pursuit of delivering business value. Leveraged portfolio management and governance processes to reinforce agile values. Helped cross-functional groups work together and improving communication between individual teams and management. Improving the ecosystem and leveraging Atlassian software products and services.  • Developed an end-to-end process in which teams could participate so that the metrics and values from those teams can be visualized and shared across the company.  • Worked to create a tailored and customized Atlassian implementation including JIRA/Confluence/Bitbucket/Hipchat and other tools.  • Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX) Compliance related changes. Worked with Change/Problem/Incident Management teams to facilitate seamless transitions between the various operational teams within the organization.  • Implemented and improved customizations including custom fields, workflows, validations, post-functions. Suggesting and implementing add-ons based on desired solutions, patches, and version upgrades. Remediated and rescaled services from JIRA/Confluence on-demand to server implementation.  • Managed Google Suite and Slack implementations, vendor contracts and client engagements, understanding and assessing client processes, improved infrastructure, team dynamics and provided a Center of Excellence for SAAS tools including, , Atlassian Suite: JIRA, Confluence, JIRA Service Desk, Portfolio for JIRA, Atlassian Premier Support and all associated add-ons and third party SAAS systems including Status Page, Trello Etc. Operations Engineering Expert WANdisco - Sheffield December 2014 to February 2015 • Advised customer teams on Agile tools and strategies to improve workflow and service scheduling.  • Created Confluence content for service lifecycle and customer tracking.  • Proposed they move processes and documentation from various tools into a single Confluence instance.  • Recommended eventual migration to JIRA Service Desk for Customer Support Team.  • Advised they consider using the Salesforce JIRA integrations.  • Reviewed Client installations of CVS, SVN, GIT Multisite Plus and Hadoop Products. Strategic Expert and Consultant ICAP - Jersey City, NJ April 2014 to June 2014 • Facilitated an Agile environment for the software build and release team leveraging of Atlassian software products and services.  • Worked closely with client to create a customized JIRA Agile/Confluence implementation.  • Implementing/changing custom fields, workflows, validations, post-functions.  • Suggesting and implementing add-ons based on desired solutions, patches, and version upgrades.  • Recommendations for scaling services for migration from JIRA ondemand to standalone implementation.  • Automation bundled process releases with binaries, configuration changes and installation instructions.  • Cloud based Atlassian OnDemand and Amazon AWS environments, Oracle Database and Java memory tuning. Project Architect - Consultant City of New York - New York, NY February 2013 to June 2013 • The main areas of focus included Release Management, Change Management and Operational Acceptance.  • Responsible for creating a process wherein changes to the production environment were reviewed, approved and implemented following a structured, standard process that minimizes risks while ensuring that required changes are made in a timely fashion.  • The primary objective was to define a process to ensure that the integrity of the production environment is protected and that the correct components were released with minimum disruption to IT services.  • Created and implemented tools for documentation, change requests, approvals, roadmaps and executive dashboards. Project Architect - Consultant Sirius XM Radio - Lawrenceville, NJ September 2012 to February 2013 • Facilitated a cohesive and productive Agile environment for the software development team including the leveraging of Atlassian software products and services.  • Worked closely with Product Management, QA, and Software Support to ensure that the overall process would work efficiently and effectively. Ensured that the team produced technically superior software that provides tangible value to users. Set up projects including templates, dashboards, burn down charts. Trained users on process and policy related to Agile development methodology.  • Managed and guided multiple concurrent and complex software development efforts and communicated their details to a variety of technical and non-technical personnel.  • Worked across all departments to guide projects from initiation to completion as defined within the scope ensuring the adherence to sound software development practices. This was a highly technical role with accountability for product quality and a leadership position requiring the ability to motivate and mentor. Program Manager - Consultant Deutsche Bank - Jersey City, NJ June 2011 to September 2011 • Served as Agile Program Manager and as an interim advocate and evangelist for Platform Services as the Collaborative Development Environment User Community Manager across the bank.  • Managed migration planning of CollabNet TeamForge framework toolset from 4.x to 6.x. Created audit compliant policies and programs for the certification of ownership for projects, users, and resources.  • Promoted the product and related best practices. Trained and connected software development community members, Established criteria and guidelines for toolset adoption, Created and publicized user community resources Established and operated various community governance controls.  • Extended the community through the bank's social media outlets. Coordinated product/content enhancement requests from current and prospective stakeholders.  • Managed community area of the product site as well as product newsletters, blogs, etc. Built strong, collaborative relationships across DB's development organization. Senior Director of Technology Barnes & Noble.com - New York, NY May 2010 to December 2010 • Led technology division responsible for all aspects of development implementation, project management, life-cycle compliance, and integration tools.  • Responsible for 50 resources and multi-million dollar budget per annum.  • Enhanced efficiencies and increased productivity by spearheading search, selection, and implementation of development and metric tools for the organization including JIRA, Greenhopper, Confluence, and others.  • Directed the improvement across application operation data by successfully implementing appropriate SDLC and Agile methodologies across all supported application systems.  • Analyzed current business technology and processes, and created action plans to integrate applications for Project Management Office to ultimately minimize environment and administrative overhead. Vice President of IT Change Management Barclays - New York, NY October 2009 to May 2010 • Directed cross-functional technology team of 20+ individuals worldwide to establish and operate best practice, processes, planning and leverage existing systems across change and release management for Fixed Income division.  • Ensured team was familiar with audit and compliance as it relates to universal banks. Duties included mentoring, problem resolution and coaching of all regional team members to encourage adoption of the accepted change and release management disciplines.  • Spearheaded selection and successful implementation of release management systems for capital markets division.  • Facilitated growth of department by convincing peers and seniors of the benefits of strategy.  • Created and enforced regulatory policy controls as it is applied to configuration management in a universal bank environment.  • Defined criteria for on-boarding of new development teams into our software development life-cycle framework. Change Management Architect MultiPlan Inc - New York, NY April 2009 to October 2009 • Designed and implemented complete technology solutions to both manage development projects, schedule releases and report metrics on the entire development life-cycle.  • Managed multiple version control systems. Managed and coordinated scheduled builds, deployments and migrations across multiple platforms and technologies.  • Developed and maintained installation programs and deployment scripts.  • Developed and documented new processes, policies and procedures for multiple teams covering more than 100 project repositories.  • Tools implemented - Subversion, Maven, JIRA, Confluence, Bamboo, Crucible, Java, ColdFusion and Surround SCM. Vice President and Senior Team Manager Bank of America - New York, NY April 2008 to August 2008 • Managed the scope and change events included in the formal technology "release" events for NY primary systems.  • Acted as the liaison between development, support teams, business support partners (training, communications, resource management, onsite support, call delivery, etc.) and the technology contacts for all the Traded products applications.  • Assessed individual scope items included in a release with Compliance Risk and appropriate priorities.  • Subject matter expert and single point of contact for all version control issues, with in depth understanding of how infrastructure tools and processes support the application environment, and ultimately, the business.  • Release planning, preparation, scheduling, packaging, software configuration management - implementation and deployment of applications & systems.  • Change control, application builds, version control, and release of distributed applications across distributed international platforms. Assistant Vice President and Unit Manager Wachovia Bank - New York, NY August 2006 to April 2008 • Managed New York region release team and coordinated and oversaw release teams across geographic boundaries.  • Ensured team was familiar with audit and compliance as it relates to universal banks. Duties included mentoring, problem resolution and coaching of all regional team members to encourage adoption of the accepted change and release management disciplines.  • Defined criteria for on-boarding of new development teams into our software development life-cycle framework.  • Created and enforced regulatory policy controls as it is applied to configuration management in a universal bank environment.  • Created common practices and standards in the areas of configuration management, systems development lifecycle, and security & controls.  • Development of automation and reporting for version control systems, which included all version control operations, IDE integration and defect tracking systems integration.  • Participated in creating and managing security access models at the appropriate levels necessary to support the regulatory environment of a universal bank.  • Subject matter expert and single point of contact for all version control issues.  • Integrated version control systems into a larger lifecycle framework that includes configuration management, build management, release management, service management and reporting. Involved in creating build/release tools and processes.  • Automating functions such as testing, builds, monitoring processes, and configuration management.  • Release planning, preparation, scheduling, using MOSS SharePoint 2007, packaging, software configuration management - implementation and deployment of applications & systems.  • Change control, application builds, version control, and release of distributed applications across distributed international platforms.  • Worked with build tools such as Makefiles, Ant, and Maven, Cruise Control, Bugzilla, Anthill Pro, CVSNT Suite. Education BA in Psychology Rutgers University - New Brunswick, NJ October 1997