IT Director/Senior Data Analyst/Senior Business Systems Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> Director/Senior Data Analyst/Senior Business Systems Analyst IT Director/Senior Data Analyst/Senior Business Systems Analyst - DOUBLE O TECHNOLOGIES, LLC Gaithersburg, MD Work Experience IT Director/Senior Data Analyst/Senior Business Systems Analyst DOUBLE O TECHNOLOGIES, LLC August 2016 to Present DOUBLE O TECHNOLOGIES,  • Business Processes: Created, developed, implemented, and documented new Invoice/Payment Processes to reconcile invoices, track payments, and status new and existing clients. Qualified & quantified all processes, sub-processes and functionalities involved with identifying issues with payment collections and streamlining payment processes. Identified and documented all existing manual and automated processes with initial systems. Transitioned 70% of manual processes to automation. Created and developed all pertinent templates used in newly created Invoice/Payment Process. Drafted and automated all templates for Service Contracts & Payment Agreements. Determined all business functions, sub-functions, and roles & responsibilities mapped to these functions. Identified the lack of consistent, repeatable Accounts Payable and Accounts Receivable and streamlined these processes through the new Invoice/Payment Process. Initiated, implemented, and automated Payroll process. Managed Payroll Process via ADP Run Payroll tool. Served as Content & Document Administrator to manage all company documents and ensure storage.  • Gap Analysis: Analyzed, determined, and recorded discrepancies between the synching capabilities of Quick Books Online, PNC Cash Flow Insight, and Deposit Now; identified and reduced redundancies. Analyzed existing database and determined need for flexible, centralized, cloud based data tool for remote storage, processing, and distribution of company data. Analyzed and determined need to transition manual payroll process to automation.  Analyzed existing process for contract distribution and signature finalization. Determined need to draft new templates for contracts & agreements, automate these contracts & agreements, and streamline this automation into new Invoice/Payment Process.  Determined need to implement flexibility for existing systems and communications by allowing remote access to company database and allow company mobile devices    • IT Governance: Network Administration-Organize, install, and support company's computer systems/ IT Platform. Set up new domains & emails for company. Ensured that email and data storage networks were managed and maintained. Set up/managed cloud server, desktop, mobile equipment. Ensured employee workstations were working properly and efficiently and were able to access company server. Participated in decisions regarding buying future hardware and/or software to upgrade company's network or systems. Set up company IT Platform and implemented instant messaging client with built in VoIP and Video conferencing. Set up remote access to all PCs & laptops for troubleshooting and maintenance. Implemented easy file sharing amongst all users. Analyzed, troubleshooted, and managed all Accounting Software, Payroll, and Bank Payment Systems that fed into Invoice/Payment Process. Analyzed, determined, and recorded discrepancies between the synching capabilities of Quick Books Online, PNC Cash Flow Insight, and Deposit Now; identified and reduced redundancies. Principal Consultant DOUBLE O TECHNOLOGIES, LLC - Gaithersburg, MD May 2015 to Present Evaluate systems, practices, and reporting, identify areas for improvement, and lead technical enhancement and upgrade projects in a hands-on role. Design business processes and governance methodologies. Design technology infrastructure architecture (network, computer, storage) around business needs, operational requirements, data, and software.  • Analyze strategic and tactical elements of existing systems and develop representation of current and future inter-relationships. Senior Business Systems Analyst/Senior Data Analyst DOUBLE O TECHNOLOGIES, LLC December 2015 to September 2016 Assess, analyze, and document main components in regards to hardware, software, networking/telecommunications, database, and Internet. Develop recommendations, design IT infrastructure, and strategize/plan implementation & integration with new system. make recommendations, implement approved recommendations, revise IT Infrastructure, strategize and plan implementation & integration with new system, stand up a new, and implement maintenance and timely review of acting new system plan    DOUBLE O TECHNOLOGIES,  • Assessment & Documentation: Assess/analyze existing environment, requirements, document business processes, evaluate users or end users, establish required functionalities, and identify appropriate Customer Relationship Management(CRM) solution.  IT Infrastructure: Assess, analyze, and document main components of Isaac Engineering's existing IT Infrastructure:  ? Computer hardware platforms  ? Enterprise software platforms  ? Networking & Telecommunications platforms  ? Database management platforms  ? Internet platforms  ? Consulting Services, Systems Integrators, and/or all users of existing systems  • Reports & Documentation: Observed practices, gathered technical information, and assessed practices and workflows to create Isaac Engineering Process flow documentation; using this information to create report & webform templates.  • CRM Implementation: Devising CRM strategy, feasibility analysis, implementation,  data migration, post-implementation support, and post- project assessment for Isaac Engineering CRM. implement more functional measures/metrics intended to drive better quality metrics.  • Data/Database Analysis: Evaluate existing database and data; evaluate existing data collection and ETL techniques and introduce better data collection techniques.  Implement business-grade content collaboration platform that: facilitates collaboration workflows, data backup, access to data through broad PC, Web and mobile platforms; upheld/supported by security and data-privacy architecture Senior Data Analyst/Senior Business Systems Analyst DOUBLE O TECHNOLOGIES, LLC May 2015 to May 2016 • FAA Non-Federal Equipment Training: Created Non-Federal Equipment manager training presentation for FAA. Documented requirements for training, created documentation of source code and mapped to requirements and functionalities in presentation; modified VBA code for training slides; modified code to incorporate recommendations.    • FAA Non-Federal Equipment Metrics Derivation: Analyzed FAA Non-Federal Equipment counts for Eastern, Central, and Western Regions, and documented discrepancies in Federal database versus databases per the different regions; determined need to quantify and qualify data and developed metrics to track quarterly percent changes between Federal database and Service Areas databases. Authored Non-Fed Equipment Analysis, Metric Derivation, and Metric Description document.  • Business Process Modeling: Evaluated and defined existing "As Is" and "To Be" processes for KHD Performance Analysis Solutions, LLC; drafted and documented all process models/maps and workflows in MS Visio for "As Is" and "To Be" processes. Contractor / Senior Technical Business/Requirements Analyst, MEPT / MEI Division US POSTAL SERVICE (USPS), (through Assurety Consulting) - Washington, DC December 2014 to May 2015 Washington, DC 12/2014 - 05/2015  Contractor / Senior Technical Business/Requirements Analyst, MEPT / MEI Division  Lead development of project documents, including Technical Requirements, Functional requirements, Process Flow, Use Cases, and GUI (screen and Interface designs) for project impacting 10,000 users. Liaised between customer community (internal and external) and development team; maintained communication between business, technology, and support teams.  • Interviewed key personnel to elicit B2B data and functional requirements; partner with stakeholders to define concepts and develop strategic project overview.  • Analyzed documents and gather data from requirements workshops, surveys, site visits, business process descriptions, use cases, scenarios, business analysis, and task and workflow analysis.  • Collaborated with developers and subject matter experts to establish technical vision and analyze tradeoffs between usability and performance needs  • Re-interpreted products, services, and functionality in terms of data (data entities, communication, processing); conduct data modeling and write data specifications related to Change Requests.  • Wrote User Stories and UML use cases, develop requirements specifications, QA processes, work flow and data flow documents, software requirements, training guides and materials, user guides, technical guides.  • Drafted Test Scenarios and Test Scripts from requirements documents to support User Acceptance Test Team.  • Gap Analysis: Analyzed, determined, and recorded discrepancies between Version One Requirements/Agile tool and HP ALM Requirements tool; identified and removed redundancies.  • Reports & Documentation: Gathered technical information, and assessed practices and workflows to create documentation and author presentations surrounding current & future processes.  • Technical Liaison: Liaised between users (within HQ & other departments) and stakeholders (HQ management); translated business needs and requirements into documentation and communicated with developers.  • User Stories / Test Cases / UAT Plan: Create, document, and edit User Stories, Test Cases/Scripts, and UAT Plan. Contractor / Senior Computer Systems Analyst, Office of Human Resources FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION (FAA), (through SAVA Workforce Solutions) - Washington, DC May 2014 to November 2014 Washington, DC 05/2014 - 11/2014  Contractor / Senior Computer Systems Analyst, Office of Human Resources  Assessed and analyzed HR database systems & related database activities and projects supporting 10000 employees across the US. Applied SDLC techniques to plan for impacts of system upgrades, changes, and expected implementations to the network & organization; researched implementation for 'best practices' for reporting, data management, and user interfaces.  • Collaborated with stakeholders, managers, and executives to develop and implement solutions surrounding HR reporting and integration; assist in raising awareness of Human Resource Web presence.  • Evaluated current practices and expected data demands; identified database characteristics and related data sources, decomposition, flows, and integrated processes; prepared/evaluated alternative workflow solutions.  • Gathered information & feedback from project teams and study/review user requirements, technical documents, and graphics to author recommendations surrounding 'best practices' in data management, archiving, data integrity, and internal controls.    FAA,  • Partnered with Subject Matter Experts (SME's) to develop cost analysis, design considerations, staff impact amelioration, project plans, procurement plans, and time-lines; ensure system development meets business requirements.  • Gathered information and studied/reviewed user requirements, technical documents, existing reports, and any pertinent information to author recommendations for data management, data integrity, and data archiving.  • Analyzed existing code in current AHR databases to determine business and functional requirements; designed, documented, and coded program logic.  • Created, compiled, and documented data dictionary for Hiring Status Database.  • SharePoint Content Administrator for FAA SharePoint Site: Monitored users/user permissions, updated content, managed notifications, set up alerts, routinely audited SharePoint environment. Modified navigational and aesthetic changes to SharePoint pages as directed, maintained technical documentation that supports the systems; collaborated with System Administrator to diagnose and troubleshoot functional and technical incidents occurring within SharePoint  • Gap Analysis: Analyzed and documented business and functional requirements for Hiring Status Database; determined/documented data sources and defined needs of stakeholders to create gap analysis; established current base to build necessary tables and information on backend.  • Reports & Documentation: Observed practices, gathered technical information, and assessed practices and workflows to create Hiring Status Process flow documentation and author presentations surrounding current & future processes. Created AHR Metrics Report Generation Process for 80 FAA Hiring Model.  • Modeling: Utilized MS Visio to document current environment in terms of business processes, data, systems, services, technology infrastructure to support AHR.  • Technical Liaison: Liaise between users (within HR & other departments) and stakeholders (HR management); translate business needs and requirements into documentation and communicate with developers. Contractor / Technical Project Manager/ Lead Business Systems Analyst DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY (DOE), (through ActioNet) October 2013 to April 2014 Office of Chief Information Officer- Office of Information Management-60, DOE Mobility Wireless (IM-60)  Managed implementation of legacy migration/modernization for DOE Mobility Wireless and Wireless Management Services System (WMS); supervised 5 team members in process analysis, workflow development, and testing. Streamlined efforts in data analysis, collection, and warehousing and business processes analysis/modeling for IT within OCIO.  • Gathered, documented, and analyzed business & functional requirements for WMS; reviewed technical specifications for DOE Mobility Wireless and DOE EA framework to ensure WMS meets OCIO-IM 60's business and functional requirements.  • Collaborated with upper management, key IT personnel, and stakeholders to determine vision, scope, and roadmaps for WMS; create Action Plans, developed detailed plans, established timelines, and identified resources.  • Created work process flowcharts, developed/authored technical documentation for WMS, and monitored practices for data privacy compliance; generated Level of Effort (LOE) estimates and analyze existing timelines.  • Identified and located any issues/recurring issues in code to correct errors and enhance WMS.  • Chaired weekly meetings with team members and stakeholders; created reports to reflect project progress, group decisions, and action items.  • "As Is" / "To Be" Processes & Workflows: Lead project as Business Process Modeler to analyze/determine existing "As Is" and "To Be" processes for DOE Mobility Wireless. Drafted and documented all process models/maps and workflows for "As Is" and "To Be" processes.  • DAYS Workflows: Instrumental in updating and implementing DAYS workflows for DOE Mobility Wireless.  • Documentation & Use Cases: Authored business requirements & functional requirements documentation for WMS implementation; acted as Lead Technical Author for all C&A documentation for WMS implementation; developed use cases and scenarios for workflows. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY (DOE), (through ActioNet) - Germantown, MD June 2013 to April 2014 Contractor / Technical Project Manager/ Lead Business Systems Analyst DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY (DOE), (through ActioNet) June 2013 to November 2013 -Budget Office-EM-61, BAJA Project (EM-61)  Supervised efforts of 3-member team (hands-on) and coordinated/guided other teams to customize proprietary document processing/formatting tool, Budget Automation Justification Accounting System (BAJA), an intricate web-based budget automation system enabling rapid editing and publishing of OMB budget submissions to Congress.  • Managed daily operations, schedules, and customer satisfaction, motivated coordinating teams, and provided direction, feedback, and mentoring to software developers; communicated and resolved issues from development team.  • Collaborated with upper management, key IT personnel, and stakeholders to determine vision and scope for project; authored detailed plans, established timelines, and identified resources.  • Analyzed application interfaces, captured requirements, directed project documentation, and managed application design and coding efforts; developed clear specifications for implementation of software modules by software developers.  • Reviewed or developed requirements and revised implementation plans for BAJA migration.  • Participated in implementing XML-based architectures through the use of XML, XSLT, and XSD.  • Communicated project status, issues, and risk to client and management on routine basis; identified specific project risks and developed recommendations and mitigation strategies.  • Technical Compatibility: Acted as liaison between developers and end users to ensure technical compatibility.  • Scrum / Agile: Successfully managed development team and BAJA project utilizing Scrum/Agile methodology; led team and coordinating groups to follow 'best practices' and align with methodology.  • JAD Sessions / UAT: Successfully initiated processes to support better JAD sessions and UAT implementation; drafted UAT/UAT checklist for testers.  • Content Management: Personally led efforts to successfully upgrade content management functionality in BAJA.  • Server Transition: Led efforts to successfully migrate/modernize BAJA server environment to new DOE servers.  • Quality Data Metrics: Partnered with EM Lead in a hands-on role to evaluate, develop, test, and introduce better data collection techniques and implement more functional measures/metrics intended to drive better quality metrics. Contractor / Technical Project Manager/ Lead Business Systems Analyst DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY (DOE), (through ActioNet) July 2013 to October 2013 Office of Chief Information Officer- Office of Information Management-10, CIMC Project (IM-10)  Led release management efforts for Corporate Information Management Center (CIMC), v3.10.4.2; directed 3 team members in code development, change requests, process analysis, workflow development, and testing. Maximized efforts in code development & revision, data analysis/collection/warehousing and business processes analysis & modeling.  • Directed implementation of project; assessed and communicated risk and issues to client; managed release pipeline.  • Partnered with CIMC Working Group and stakeholders to coordinate/develop Action Plans; defined project schedule and scope, established timelines, and identified resources; provided Level of Effort (LOE) estimates.  • Coordinated with internal and vendor QA teams to meet CIMC application release; defined codes issues and directed corrections; ensured application developed according to the Technical Data Package.  • Reviewed, revised, and drafted technical documentation, analyzed Database Management Systems/Application interfaces and translated user/system requirements into functional specifications; ensured project me requirements.  • Organized, scheduled, and facilitated Working Group meetings and met weekly with Program Manager (Progress Review) to discuss overall status, risks, stakeholder involvement, data management, and mitigation measures.    DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY,  • Acted as a liaison between developers and end users to ensure technical compatibility and provide written business rules; traveled to client location for installation, support, and/or requirement gathering.  • Workflow & Change Request Analysis: Led efforts to analyze and identified issues in capturing Change Requests and document existing processes & workflows.  • Agile / Scrum: Utilized Agile and acted as ScrumMaster for development, testing, and deployment of project.  • Business Workflows: Gathered/analyzed new business requirements/functional requirements, documented new workflows, drafted revisions to System Design Document, and contributed to new Business Rules document.  • User Stories / Test Cases / UAT Plan: Instrumental in creating User Stories, Test Cases, and UAT Plan. Contractor / Enterprise & Solutions Architect Data Networks Corp - Reston, VA May 2012 to April 2013 for Office of Information Services, Div. of Enterprise Architecture  Analyzed and documented current state; guided/managed tasks and deliverables across the full lifecycle of EA support. Gathered/assessed data pertaining to business needs & uses to identified, predict, interpret, and evaluate system and network requirements and provide cost effective technology solutions leveraging existing and new IT assets.  • Established functional and technical specifications and standards to solve hardware and software interface problems, define input/output parameters, and ensure integration of the entire systems or subsystems.  • Created queries, functions, and stored procedures using SQL, T-SQL, & PL/SQL in MySQL and MS SQL environments.  • Database Subject Matter Expert: Served as SME for databases and collaborated with testers for quality assurance in developing test scripts for User Acceptance Testing (UAT).  • Census Survey: Project Lead and hands-on Developer for CMS 2013 System Census Survey database upgrade, modification, and maintenance; ensured privacy data practices were adequate (Agile/Scrum). Worked with Eclipse Web Tools Platform (WTP) to investigate developing Web and Java EE applications web services to model information interchanges/exchanges between CMS Systems captured in CMS System Census Database.  • Tool & Software Studies: Investigated Web Services Tools: Web Services Explorer; Web Service wizard; Web Service Client wizard within WTP to understand how WTP utilizes SOAP, WSDL, and UDDI; tested UDDI registry plug-in and how it is used by Web services tools in WTP to enable support to publish a Web service to public and private UDDI registry; studied Web Services ODA driver, which allows the report developer to specify a WSDL URL or file location; investigated custom Java connection class to allow control of how the SOAP request is made; set up dummy data source and dummy web service data set responsible for sending a SOAP request and parsing the SOAP response; tested/studied ECLIPSE BPEL Designer for SOA-based business integration and to explore feasibility of representing Business Process tasks and activities as a web service.    CENTERS FOR MEDICARE/MEDICAID SERVICES,  • Architecture Database Improvement: Took hands-on lead in designing, developing, and maintaining CMMI Capture Healthcare Quality Improvement Architecture Database; ensured privacy data practices were adequate.  • Report Automation: Successfully developed EA reports in real time to automate Preliminary Architectural Assessment Review using BIRT & TOAD.  • Split Database / User Interface Creation: Successfully split Universal Input Tool and System Census databases into front-end user interfaces and connected to backend Integrated Repository (MySQL) at DNC for easier capture and storing of data; easier ETL; easier reporting  • Lead Report Developer: Personally led efforts for CMS and DNC using Eclipse/BIRT and TOAD in MySQL & SQL Server 2008 environments; set up BIRT reporting environment for other team members.  • Modeling: Utilized MS Visio, TROUX, and other modeling techniques to document current environment in terms of business processes, data, systems, services, technology infrastructure; developed databases, BI reports, and enhanced existing software applications to support CMS DEA. FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION (FAA) - Washington, DC November 2009 to January 2012 through Bellamy Management Services) Contractor / Lead IT Analyst, Ass't Administrator for Regions & Center Operations FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION (FAA) June 2011 to December 2011 Led, monitored, and supported multiple projects in data analysis, data collection, and data warehousing for Office of Administration within ARC. Supervised a maximum of 5 team members in: development, testing, and production.  • Gathered, documented, and analyzed user requirements, designed software applications, wrote code, and performed/supervised unit testing for all source code.  • Collaborated with upper management, key IT personnel, and stakeholders to determine vision, scope, and roadmaps for projects; created Action Plans, developed detailed plans, established timelines, and identified resources.  • Debugged and maintained existing code, located recurring issues, corrected errors, and enhanced software applications.  • Created work process flowcharts, developed/authored technical SOPs & instructional manuals, and designed database documents.  • Monitored practices to ensure privacy data complies with policies, procedures, and federal regulations.  • Database Upgrade: Lead project (hands-on role) for ARC Telework Database upgrade and modification.  • Training Database: Organized, designed, developed, and maintained ARC Training Database.  • Documentation: Authored/edited official documents (forms, handbooks, charts, PowerPoint slides, etc.). Contractor / Senior IT Analyst / Project Lead FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION (FAA) October 2010 to May 2011 Directed data analysis, data collection, and data warehousing initiatives as Project Lead for Office of Diversity. Introduced/maintained metrics to assess current technologies; oversaw, troubleshot, and redesigned databases. Led efforts to organize, design, develop, and maintain EEO/AB Database; ensure privacy data practices are adequate.  • Coordinated with management and stakeholders to develop mission and goals for data projects.  • Conducted data audit surrounding all past, current, and future reports generated by the ATO Diversity Office.  • Tracked and outlined schematics of all tools, software, and existing databases within ATO Diversity areas.  • Generated overview of current Equal Employment Opportunity & Human Resources: Accountability Board data flow through tables; categorized analyses within reports presented to Executive Council.  • SharePoint: Manage Knowledge Sharing Network (SharePoint) for ATO Office of Diversity involving:  * KSN Portal Modifications * User Permissions Setup  * New Portals/Sub-portals Creation * Workflows Configuration  • Metrics: Established data flow base line & developed metrics to measure/validate existing technologies and analyses.  • Audit Report: Formulated Data Audit report used to support a Management Plan for ATO Office of Diversity data.  • Program Mgt. Plan: Partnered with management and stakeholders to prepare a Program Management Plan used to set standardized criteria for future data handling, tracking, and maintenance. Contractor / Software/Systems Analyst FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION (FAA) November 2009 to September 2010 through BAE Systems)  Organized/designed database enhancements for ATO office. Uploaded, imported, exported, analyzed, and manipulated data loads from disparate databases; ran data loads using Actuate BIRT software for BIRT Performance Scorecard.  • Ensured Activities and Initiative Commentary were ready for the Flight Plan briefing book by updating Simplified Program Information Reporting and Evaluation (SPIRE) database.  • Extracted and ran data from Simplified Program Information Reporting and Evaluation (SPIRE) database for all ATO for Administrator's briefing; analyzed/validated inputs for monthly Executive Council Flight Plan meeting.  • Uploaded, imported, exported, analyzed, and manipulated data loads from Aviation System Performance Metrics (ASPM) and ATO BIRT database; Analyzed and evaluated metrics to analyze OEP 35 airports.  • Extracted, loaded, and re-configured data to support multiple meetings, briefings, and management reports.  • Data Analysis/Analytics: Organized data and generated spreadsheets and graphs for Flight Plan meetings using advanced MS Excel and Access functionality.    FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION,  • Metrics: Evaluated and recommended enhancements and modifications for metrics used to analyze OEP 35 airports.  • Cost Index Database: Project Lead in formulating, organizing, and designing Cost Index database for Economic Analysis subdivision of Performance Analysis and Strategy and Business Planning branch of the Air Traffic Operations (ATO). Education MS in Applied and Computational Mathematics Bowie State University December 2019 MS in Computer Science Certificate Bowie State University December 2019 Undergraduate Research Fellowship Howard University 2000 to 2002 Journal of Enterprise Architecture Model Institution of Excellence 1972 to 1979 Skills DATABASES (4 years), VISIO (2 years), EXCEL (2 years), ACCOUNTING (1 year), ACCESS (1 year) Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/ogechionyewu Certifications/Licenses A valid Federated Enterprise Architecture Certification. Additional Information Technical Skills:  Databases/Platforms: ORACLE 10G -11G, MySQL, MS SQL Server 2005/2008; SharePoint 2007/2010/2013  Scripting/Programming: C/C++, C#, JAVA, VBA, VB.NET, HTML, XML, XLST, SQL, UNIX, JAVA script  OS / IDEs: Windows XP/7, Solaris, OSX; Visual Studio 2010/2013, ECLIPSE, JGrasp, SSMS, SSIS, SSRS  Web App Frameworks: ASP.NET    Operating Systems: Windows XP; 7; 8; 10, Solaris, OSX  Software: MS Office Suite (Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint, Visio, Project), TROUX 9.1 - 9.3, ECLIPSE BPEL Designer, ECLIPSE Web Tools Platform (WTP), Documentum, JIRA, Bugzilla, MATLAB, MATHEMATICA, MAPLE, SPSS, SAS, PRO-E, Version One, HP Application Lifecycle Management (HP ALM); Office 365;  Accounting Software: Quickbooks; ADP Payroll, PNC Cash Flow Insight, Deposit Now    Business Intelligence: Actuate BIRT, Eclipse BIRT, TOAD, COGNOS, MS Access, SSIS, SSAS, SSIS, SSMS