IT Project Manager, Associate <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>, Associate IT Project Manager, Associate - Pacific Gas & Electric Santa Clarita, CA Skilled and experienced Project Manager with demonstrated history of managing and leading teams for projects in diverse industry verticals including Supply Chain, Telecommunication and Utilities.   Masters(MS) graduate in Management Information Systems with specialization in Project Management and Business Analysis along with strong technical background and Bachelors degree in Computer Engineering.    Skills:  Systems Engineering, Business Analysis, Agile/Scrum, SDLC models, Resource Planning, Cost and Budget forecasting, ROI Analysis, Project Scheduling, Requirement Analysis, Data Analysis and Statistical Modeling    Tools:  HP PPMc, MS Excel, MS Project, Sharepoint, Jira, MySQL Workbench, Visual Studio, SAP ERP, Celonis Process Mining, Google Analytics Certified Sponsorship required to work in the US Work Experience IT Project Manager, Associate Pacific Gas & Electric - San Ramon, CA July 2018 to Present Managed program involving 10+ teams to install and upgrade the technical infrastructure systems totaling $2 million  Key Projects: Transmission SCADA Replacement, SolarCity Telemetry data interconnection, Substation Asset Monitoring.  • Gathered and documented project requirements; coordinated project kick-off meetings to communicate project roles and  expectations and regularly convey project status to stakeholders and leadership.  • Worked closely with engineering team including design drafters, network specialists and cybersecurity expert to ensure  secure deployment of IT systems within ODN network infrastructure.  • Defined staffing requirements to form project team profiles using HP Project and Portfolio Management tool.  • Regularly forecasted project resource, material and contract costs using SAP order reports.  • Monitored critical project milestones with help of Microsoft Project 2016, and identified ways to resolve schedule issues  • Prepared project documentation for project closure, storage, and possible auditing activities, ensuring technical accuracy Systems Data Analyst FedEx Express - Memphis, TN February 2018 to July 2018 Successfully migrated data from multiple legacy relational database systems to a consolidated data warehouse for World Wide  Sales department to improve data quality, reduce data retrieval downtime and provide infrastructure for PMO to integrate BI  functionalities.  • Performed research and analysis to define and deploy a snowflake schema for target destination to combine data from multiple sources.  • Used Microsoft SQL SSIS to create connections, define data flow for efficient data migration.  • Implemented data validation checks and SQL queries to ensure data accuracy and consistency.  • Performed pre/post transition data validation and created reports for management exhibiting project process results. Business IntelligenceI Analyst Sparrow Mobile - San Francisco, CA August 2017 to February 2018 Worked with BI team to provide competitive intelligence and actionable insight to management by identifying drivers of customer  satisfaction, loyalty and brand awareness reports aiding to take crucial business intensive decisions.  • Coordinated the data mining project by addressing user behavior insight, cost efficiency and profitability while developing  best practices and tools for project execution.  • Performed cleaning, manipulation and analysis of user data using Python data libraries (pandas and numpy).  • Built interactive dashboards and reports using Tableau for dynamic visualization of trends and patterns along with providing  a source of insights and correlations related to various activities performed by mobile users. Project Manager Intern McGrath RentCorp - Livermore, CA January 2017 to June 2017 Led intern team (developers and analysts) through phases of custom product solutions delivery for development of a customized  cloud-based Document Management System within 6 months resulting in cost benefits of $50,000.  • Gathered business requirements, project scope, designed roadmap and user stories.  • Identified functional and user specific requirements of the system, identified Use-Cases based on the user specific  requirements and business processes involved in the system.  • Collaborated with stakeholders and orchestrated operation activities using Agile scrum methodology for seamless execution  of the project while remaining within budget and schedule  • Provided user training and involved in conducting UAT sessions for user approval, delivered Business Requirement  Document and prepared formal presentation for assistance with product support and maintenance. Education Master of Science in Information Systems in Information Systems Santa Clara University - Santa Clara, CA June 2017 Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Engineering in Computer Engineering Savitribai Phule Pune University - Pune, Maharashtra June 2015 Skills Ms sql server, Sql server, Mysql, Sql, Visual studio, Waterfall, PM, Project Management, Information Technology Links http://in.linkedin.com/in/SanghaviMithun Certifications/Licenses Google Analytics Certification January 2017 to January 2019 Tableau 10 March 2017 to Present Microsoft Excel April 2017 to Present