IT Project Coordinator <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> Coordinator Kennesaw, GA I am a highly motivated self-starter who communicates well with others through oral and written communication skills. I work to resolve, manage, and maintain hardware and software issues impacting end users and productivity. Work Experience IT Project Coordinator Verizon - Alpharetta, GA May 2019 to July 2019 •    Managed the deployment and support of the company’s hardware and    IT inventory.           .  •    Managed IT related vendor relations, and ensured they were properly executed.  • Responsible for installing 600 units as part of a refresh project.       IT Hardware Coordinator (Contract Position) Safe Guard International - Atlanta, GA September 2018 to December 2018 • I was responsible for relocating over 200 users to a new location with complete new hardware installation and adjustable desk setups.  • As acting project lead, I managed four employees, and was able to complete the project two weeks ahead of the scheduled completion date.  • Supported 200+ users, via the Manage Engine ticketing system, with hardware related issues, Windows 7 and Windows 10 configurations.  • Using Symantec Ghost imaging software to re-image laptops from a dedicated server.  • Troubleshooting network issues on Cisco switches. Desktop Support Specialist (Contract Position) City of Atlanta - Atlanta, GA May 2018 to July 2018 • I was part of a team working to restore the city of Atlanta government computer network after a ransom-ware attack.  • Re-imaging computers on a network of over 4500 users.  • Collecting data to form detailed reports in Excel spreadsheets.  • Updating operating systems and insuring users can connect to the network.  • Updating security measures to protect the network from future attacks. Software Support Specialist Wolters Kluwer - Kennesaw, GA December 2017 to February 2018 Software Support; Tier 2 (Contract Position)  • Implemented moderate to complex software problem resolution through phone, ticket, email and remote support.  • Assisted customers with standalone and network installation of tax & accounting software through remote connections.  • Achieved resolution of database and scripting errors in the software products with custom scripts and team efforts.  • Executed diagnosis and repairs to customer systems via TeamViewer.  • Executed telephone support and call tracking through the Avaya system, and documented support resolution through SalesForce software. Technician/ Networking Intern KMD Computer Service - Atlanta, GA January 2016 to September 2017 • Installed, upgraded, repaired, and diagnosed hardware and software.  • Performed imaging and periodic backups. Also, troubleshooting printer issues, and user connectivity to the network.  • Created users and assigned permissions.  • Completed troubleshooting and configuration of Windows OS 7, 8.1, 10  • Educated end users about company policy as it pertains to using company computers. Computer Shop Manager/ Computer repair tech KMD Computer Service - Atlanta, GA November 2014 to January 2016 • Responsible for the initial in-take and diagnosis of customer computers in the retail location.  • Maintained good customer relations while working with the technicians to provide minimal turnaround times on computer repairs for customers.  • Performed screen replacements on Macs and PCs, memory upgrades, virus cleaning, password resets. Also, replaced power supplies and other hardware components on desktop and laptop computers.  • I was responsible for troubleshooting and repairing software issues in Windows 7 and Windows 10 computers. Education Bachelor of Science in IT-Security Western Governors University 2020 Certificate Atlanta Technical College 2016 Associates Degree in Information Technology Kaplan University 2012 Skills Comptia A+, Network+, Linux+ (2 years), Help Desk, Linux, Desktop Support, Tech Support, Technical Support, Windows, Active Directory, Networking, Vmware Certifications/Licenses Linux+ September 2018 to Present LPIC-1 System Administrator Network+ June 2017 to June 2020 Computer Networking A+ Certified November 2017 to November 2020 CompTia A+ Certified CIW Web Design Specialist November 2018 to Present HTML5, CSS CCNA Routing and Switching April 2019 to April 2022