IT Project Manager/Business Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>/Business Analyst IT Project Manager/Business Analyst - HealthSTAR Communications Clifton, NJ Permanent Resident - Certified Scrum Master- Looking for full time and long term opportunity. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager/Business Analyst HealthSTAR Communications - Mahwah, NJ May 2018 to Present • Coordinate with internal clients and technology teams to gather project requirements and system specifications such as program functions, output requirements, input data acquisition, and system techniques and control.  • Analyze business requirements and technical processes to assess their need and help identify a solution for process and/or system enhancements to ensure that meets the business needs.  • Participate during project and new client implementations to gather benefit rules and requirements and identify changes needed to be made in our platform to support client implementation; Support users during implementation; providing user training and ongoing support.  • Support the technical team during the development cycle.  • Define project scope and schedule while focusing on regular and timely delivery of value; organize and lead project status and working meetings; prepare and distribute progress reports; manage risks and issues; correct deviations from plans; and perform delivery planning for assigned projects.  • Manage project through status meetings, weekly reports, identifying risks, and tracking issues. Cyber Security Analyst - Intern COMODO Group, Inc - Clifton, NJ January 2018 to May 2018 • Resolving SIEM tickets to determined verified versus false positives and reporting on the same using JIRA and CONFLUENCE report.  • Learned security topics on DNS and HTTP and correlation with company product, python scapy tools and commands to analyzed packet information.  • Data science activity to determine baseline normal network from anomalous behaviors of network event data. Senior Quality Assurance Finlogic technologies India private limited September 2014 to August 2015 • Performed various testing methods using designing, developing and implementing test plans, developed test scripts, testcases and test processes using both automated and manual database testing methods in finance domain based on standards for Software Development and effective QA implementation in all phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and Agile methodology.  • Understand business and test strategies within the financial investment scheme and effectively apply deliveries to improve the test automation and manual process. Education Master of Science in Computer Science in Computer Science in Computer Science Montclair State University - Montclair, NJ December 2017 Bachelor of Engineering in Engineering & Technology in Engineering & Technology Gujarat Technological University - Gujarat, IN June 2014 Skills PM, Scrum Master, Waterfall, SDLC