IT Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> ERP Project Manager, Business System Analyst Hayward, CA Work Experience IT Manager Circa of America - San Francisco, CA Present Lead IT & IS operations for 150 global users. Responsible for more than 15+ services, including exchange, active directory, SSO unified authentications, two factor VPN, virtualization and server management, Blue Cherry ERP system, SNOW (Service Now), file and print services, firewall, VOIP and other core applications across Windows, Linux/Mac desktop environments. Managed major IT upgrades, system and data migrations and deployments. Key liaison between IT and executive management.    ·        Maintain essential IT operations; including operating systems, business applications and systems, security & firewall, emails, laptops, software and hardware, networks, VOIP, virtual servers, and helpdesk.  ·         Project manager, business analyst and functional lead of new technology projects and upgrades.  ·        Manage IT infrastructure system maintenance and security updates on major and minor projects.  ·        Key liaison for IT in business executive meetings to translate business objectives into  IT plans aligned with company goals and reduce overall P&L.  ·     Support, maintain, troubleshoot, and repaired LAN, WAN, and telecommunication hardware and software.  ·        Manage a $150,000 IT budget for all hardware, software, business applications and service requirements.  ·        Reduced overall IT budget of 20% by vendor management, cost analysis and quarterly business reviews.  ·        Improve user's knowledge by training and creating SOPs in regards to systems, software and hardware.  ·        Define, document, and manage IT policies and procedures as well as defining standards, guidelines and quality assurance. ERP Project Manager, Business System Analyst Kendo Brands, Inc - San Francisco, CA June 2017 to September 2018 As Project Manager  • Managed end-to-end 2 successful implementations to Dynamics AX 2012 R2 & R3 for Finance and Operations modules.  • Managed over 30+ upgrades, enhancement and modifications of current ERP system  • Established and oversaw effective issue resolution, change control, and risk management processes.  • Planned, organized, prioritized, and managed multiple work efforts and projects across an internal and global team of 10.  • Manage project resources and produce reports reflecting resource utilization, budget tracking, project deliverables and milestones.  • Project lead for all B2B and EDI onboarding of trading partners and channel to ERP landscape; analysis/requirements, design, development, test/UAT, deployment and post production support.  • Performed all aspects of scoping/planning, requirements gathering, use case(s) development, U/I design, QA testing via waterfall, and test data validation.  • Proactively managed and coordinated multiple resources (functional and technical) to develop  scope, plan/estimate, technical architecture and responses to RFP on a defined timeline.  • Determined scope, met with stakeholders, gathered requirements, developed use cases, managed QA testing resources, validated test data and outcomes; facilitated user group meetings, U/I development sessions.  • Implemented and managed project changes and interventions to maintain overall project/program schedule.    As Business System Analyst / ERP Functional Lead  • Excellent Knowledge of Microsoft Dynamics AX ERP functionality, features, configuration and support. Super User. Manage ERP governance.  • Worked on and has general knowledge on numerous MS Dynamics AX modules; Inventory and Warehousing, Manufacturing, Finance, Accounting, GL, Chart of Accounts, MRP, Inventory Control & Inventory Management, Sales & Marketing, AIF, EDI, Procurement, Production, etc.  • Tested programs using appropriate test data and supported and trained the end users  • Support, train and onboard internal and consulting team members on current ERP landscape, governance and methodologies.  • Served as super users for cross functional teams and departments. Provided support (business process & ERP/SME support) for following departments; Inventory Management & Inventory Control, Channel Planning, Customer Service/Allocations, Procurement & Production, MRP, Distribution/Warehousing, Logistics, Finance, Accounting (AP & AR).  • Gathering and analyzing business requirements, creating drafts for system design and development.  • Created SOPs and Test Scripts for UAT for new enhancement & modifications.  • Ran FIT/GAP workshops & discovery sessions with internal and external team.  • Assisting both functional and technical team with high level architecture, design and implementation on projects. Associate Program Manager, Logistic & Distribution Kendo Brands, Inc - San Francisco, CA June 2015 to June 2017 • Lead full program/ project lifecycle including: defining vision and business goals, development of business case, implementation, program launch with post-launch ownership.  • Orchestrate execution of logistics and distribution programs.  • Serves as expert with an in-depth knowledge of business and logistics functions (transportation, distribution and inventory management) to internal and external parties.  • Monitors and advocates process; identify process gaps/improvements and tools to improve efficiency - manages process improvements for existing programs as needed.  • Build partnerships with multiple business leaders and teams to continual understanding of business processes, tools and technology and identify areas for improvement.  • Managed daily fulfillment operations in Salt Lake City, UT and Saran, France.  • Launch new DC in France in five months including driving the system integrations, setting up the SOP and coordinate inventory move from US DC to France.  • Implement new processes and procedures as needed to optimize efficiency of the movement of goods from manufacturer to DC to end Customers (B2C, B2B).  • Lead the business analysis, project management, and implementation of key Supply Chain projects as needed to support the future growth of the business. Supply Chain Analyst, Distribution Synergy Services - San Francisco, CA January 2015 to June 2015 Contractor for Kendo Brands  • Provide weekly, monthly, and quarterly reports on on-time shipments, cycle count, order fill rate, inbound and outbound capacity, order picking accuracy.  • Ensured prompt, efficient, and accurate processing of inbound and outbound deliveries at 3PL, improving overall efficient by 50% from previous year.  • Assisted with improving systems and processes to make distribution (receiving and shipping) more efficient and cost-effective, resulting in overall growth from previous year.  • Managed Inventory (finished goods and components) of over 30 million units and ensure inventory is aligned at 3PL and ERP system (Dynamics AX)  • Managed purchase order receipts and ensure units are received properly; troubleshoot and resolve discrepancies from invalid receipts at both 3PL & ERP system.  • Develop and implement process to eliminate obsolete inventory.  • Implement process for reverse logistics (returns).  • Analyze supply chain performance and diagnose key improvement areas (e.g., forecast accuracy and shelf life). Inventory Analyst Dean Foods - Hayward, CA June 2014 to January 2015 • Monitor key functions related to inventory transactions to assure that they are accurate and timely.  • Perform thorough research and document inventory discrepancies using all available resources to identify root causes and supply possible solutions.  • Work with key personnel to effectively implement process improvements to operational procedures to proactively optimized overall location and item level accuracy and maintain the highest possible productivity levels.  • Track, monitor and provide inventory reports to cross-functional internal partners to ensure inventory levels are optimal. Customer Service and Allocations Soraa, Inc - Fremont, CA January 2014 to June 2014 January 2014 to June 2014  • Ensure timely fulfillment of all customer orders across various channels of distribution and allocation.  • Maintain and nurture highly professional relationships with crucial accounts to achieve strict cancellation deadlines and fulfillment goals.  • Liaising customers and sales rep with all questions and concerns pertaining to shipping approvals, payment collections, and order updates.  • Analyzes data and identifies potential anomalies / questions; follow ups with partners until resolution. Education BS in Business Administration San Jose State University - San Jose, CA Skills Dynamics SL (Less than 1 year), Dynamics AX 2012 (5 years), Employee resource group (1 year), ERP (5 years), IT Management, Network Administration, Vmware, Exchange, Excel, Active Directory, Vendor Management, Customer Service, VoIP, SQL, Citrix, Strategic Planning