Management Consultant Management Consultant Management Consultant - Kenway Consulting Chicago, IL Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Management Consultant Kenway Consulting - Chicago, IL August 2018 to Present • Facilitated the collaboration of multiple organizations for large scale programs that aim to reduce operating  costs by increasing system automation and identifying process improvements.  • Improved transparency between Business and IT organizations by communicating program issues and risks as well  as resolution and mitigation plans to leadership in both the Business and IT organizations. This fair and unbiased  transparency ensures strategic decisions are being made with full disclosure of information from both organizations.  • Initiated and implemented process improvements in numerous phases of the product development lifecycle  including; requirements definition, creation of functional documentation and test planning and execution to decrease costs and improve the quality of the final product. IT Project Manager ALE Solutions - Saint Charles, IL February 2018 to August 2018 • Liaison between software developers and the ALE Management team who provided necessary specifications and facilitated change management amongst departments.  • Developed an in-depth understanding of current state business process and future requirements.  • Prepared implementation plans for business improvement projects by identifying requirements through subject  matter expert interviews.  • Lead and participate in business function analysis and process mapping.  • Analyzed existing processes and developed metrics to measure efficiencies before and after implementation of new  tools or processes.  • Created ad-hoc reports that provided insights to business intelligence of the company for ALE Management. Process Optimization Coordinator ALE Solutions - Saint Charles, IL December 2016 to February 2018 • Developed processes and reports that saved our clients more than $10M/year in state tax savings.  • Researched and identified multiple process improvements to eliminate non-value-added labor hours.  • Project Manager of six-month Commission Capture initiative that increased gross revenue by $1M/month. Audit & Training Lead ALE Solutions - Saint Charles, IL June 2016 to December 2016 • Coached, developed, and delegated tasks to a team of 10 Folio Specialists.  • Developed managerial skills through conduction of bi-weekly One-on-One's with direct reports.  • Trained incoming specialists and became "go-to" person in the department for questions and cross-training sessions. Hotel Folio Specialist ALE Solutions - Saint Charles, IL September 2015 to June 2016 • Designed and implemented a system to quickly identify extra charges to ALE corporate credit cards, limiting risk, and saving the company over $20,000/month.  • Determined whether unaccounted-for charges on ALE corporate credit cards are valid transactions, and bill  accordingly, or work with hotels to secure a refund and resolve any billing disputes. Education Bachelor of Business Administration in Finance University of Wisconsin - Milwaukee, WI August 2015 Skills Microsoft Office, Relationship Development, Process Evaluation, Employee Learning & Development, Public Speaking, Organizational Development, Team Leadership, Leadership, Team Building, Time Management, Data Analysis, Accounting, Internal Communications, Project Implementation, Strategic Planning, Business Process Improvement, Project Management, Social Media, Event Planning, Six Sigma, Agile, Customer Service, Customer Satisfaction, Financial Analysis Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/tjhanson Certifications/Licenses Six Sigma Yellow Belt January 2018 to Present