IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager Elizabeth, NJ To secure a Full time position as a Business analyst in a reputable company where I can build my career on a strong platform personally and professionally Also, to be able to support, analyze, organize and evaluate customer service, management and IT operations to improve in efficiency of work flow successfully to attain the company's objective and also acquire new skills. Work Experience IT Project Manager Joey Informatics Co - New Haven, CT March 2011 to September 2011 • Responsibilities as an IT Project Manager include development and coordination of project including design and implementation.  • Manage the coordination of the development of the data structures, transformation and data loading.  • Provide with the resources in the risk identification, project scope definition and methodology of the project.  • Design attractive presentations for project lifecycles, updates and expected conclusions. For defining the project scope and performance manage service providers and vendors. Intern in IT Department Infoproservers LLC - Rochelle Park, NJ May 2010 to September 2010 • research and analysis on specific business initiatives  • Software development lifecycle methodologies  • Business requirement specifications  • Assistance in Installing, repairing, maintaining, and upgrading desktop and notebook computers as well as printers  • Maintenance of company's software for the Management.  • Perform analysis of the given data and draw accurate inferences, in accord with the objectives of the analysis  • Gather data required to conduct analysis from several sources, compile it together in prescribed format and enter the data in several data analysis software  • Evaluate the given problem, situation and crisis; investigate for solutions using data analysis practices and prepare analysis reports  • Determine the methodologies and procedures for carrying out effective data analysis. Provide training to the staff members on the new systems implemented. junior business analyst Tijaco Shipping Company Nig. Limited January 2006 to March 2009 Job Duties  • Customer Relationship Management (CRM), collect analyze and store information, RFP/RFI support  • Worked with Senior Business analysts using the SOA and SOAP concepts  • Practically involved in different business processes and assisted the organization to get price-effective creation with an increased quality, effectiveness and satisfied client service.  • Participated in meetings with Senior Business Analysts and manager and understood different types of business process, process plans and functionality in detail. This assisted me to arrange Integration Test Plans which was utilized by the functional team and the development team for performing detailed testing on business applications.  • active Participation in groundwork of Project plans, user acceptance testing  • responsible for collecting useful requirements to design the user approval and entitlement executive system  • Interfaced with business users to prepare and updating Business Process Requirements (BPR) and Software System Requirements (SSR) also created test cases and test scripts. Education M.Sc. in Business and Information New Jersey Institute of Technology - Newark, NJ May 2011 B.Sc. in Mechanical Engineering Lagos State University Lagos - Lagos August 2008 Additional Information IT SKILLS:  Languages: XML, SQL, TCP/IP  OS: Windows XP/NT/ 2000/Vista/ Unix/ Linux  Applications: Microsoft Word, Outlook, Excel, Power Point, Adobe Photoshop,  Modeling Tools: MS Visio, Rational Rose  Fault Tracking Tools: Quality Center9. 2  Other: Rational Requisite Pros, RUP, Agile, SOA