Business Development, Customer Service, and Operations Business Development, Customer Service, and Operations Tucson, AZ Work Experience Business Development, Customer Service, and Operations BizEatz June 2019 to Present Assist in the development of strategic partnerships with meal prep companies  ? Coordinate logistics with hotels and assist in customer service to ensure that product is received and meets  the needs & wants of the customer Athlima Co-Founder & CEO InnovateUA, Startup Tucson & Go For Vertical - Tucson, AZ February 2017 to Present Utilize Lean Canvas, conduct experiments & customer interviews to analyze demand  ? Pitched sports mobile app to local entrepreneurs in groups of 2 to 200+  ? Manage website, email list, and organized events engaging with 100's of potential users  ? Create user stories, UML diagrams, mock-ups, etc. to communicate software requirements IT Support Assistant University of Arizona Student Unions Information Technology - Tucson, AZ May 2018 to May 2019 Install, configure, troubleshoot Hardware/Software systems (Windows, Mac, POS systems)  ? Carry out resolution plans with IT team handling over 500 tickets & projects per semester  ? Clearly articulate and document unresolved issues to escalate to full-time staff Transfer Student Assistant University of Arizona Transfer Student Center - Tucson, AZ May 2017 to May 2018 Supported potential & incoming transfer students by providing information on the transfer process  ? Organized activities & events to encourage students to become involved in their campus community  ? Marketed the center & events through social media posts and tabling to increase center involvement Co-Director 2D & 3D Graphics Camp - Tucson, AZ February 2017 to June 2017 Co-directed 2D & 3D graphics camp by developing curriculum and leading teaching sessions  ? Marketed program by reaching out to local organizations for student recruitment  ? Mentored and taught at camps for middle school students including cyber security & software engineering Project Manager & IT Consultant Systems Analysis & Design - Tucson, AZ January 2017 to May 2017 Secured a client & consulted with Bentley's coffee to improve their business processes & use of technology  ? Provided technical solutions to encourage leaner operations that helped save time & resources Project Manager & College Project Chair PTK ABX - Tucson, AZ 2015 to 2016 Recruited and led a team in the organization of a financial literacy fair that provided financial information  and services to over 100 college students. Collaborated with partners at PCC, UA Take Charge Cats, & VITA Education Bachelor of Science in Management Information Systems, Operations Management, Entrepreneurship University of Arizona, Eller College of Management - Tucson, AZ May 2019 Links http://linkedin.com/in/marianaeubanks