Assistant System Analyst & Compeat Advantage Inventory Software Specialist Assistant System Analyst &amp; Compeat Advantage Inventory Software Specialist Assistant System Analyst & Compeat Advantage Inventory Software Specialist - Think Food Group Inc Bronx, NY Work Experience Assistant System Analyst & Compeat Advantage Inventory Software Specialist Think Food Group Inc - New York, NY March 2019 to Present • Responsible for daily entry of raw data into Compeat Inventory Software.  • Designed and developed new systems to improve work flow, efficiency, and productivity.  • Maintained and upgraded existing systems as required.  • Conducted regular reviews of systems and generated reports on efficiencies and improvement.  • Assisted Chefs with their daily orders via Compeat Inventory Software  • Converted physical copies of invoices into digital copies in order to upload to database. Produce Team Member Baldor Specialty Food Inc - New York, NY October 2018 to March 2019 • Maintain a clean working environment  • Organized and rotate produce periodically.  • Close the produce department at the end of the business hours.  • Provide excellent customer service to our customers. IT Coordinator & Senior Project Manager Uptown Healthcare Management Inc - Bronx, NY September 2017 to June 2018 • Managed all IT support tickets for the entire organization.  • Managed several high-risk IT projects.  • Credentialed new employees in various platforms. (Medgen, Microsoft 365, Company Server, GSI Health, Bronx RHIO, RingCentral)  • Implemented new technologies to improve workflow.  • Worked directly with Compliance Officer.  • Installed and configured computer hardware, operating systems and applications.  • Provided support, including procedural documentation and relevant reports.  • Troubleshoot system and network problems, diagnosing and solving hardware or software faults.  • Compiled project status reports, coordinated project schedules, managed project meetings, and identified and resolved technical problems. Administrative Assistant G.S.H. Electric Inc - Bronx, NY February 2017 to October 2017 • Conducted electrical estimates using software (Offscreen Takeoff)  • Conducted all administrative email replies.  • Open and close the office.  • Receive phone calls and refer important calls to boss  • Managed and maintained database  • Conducted most IT roles within the company    Harlem Children's Zone New York, NY Operation Aide October 2015 to February 2017 • Monitor hallways to ensure student and staff safety.  • Ensured classrooms were organized at the end of the day.  • Escorted students to their parents after school during pick up.  • Made sure students were safe during dismissal.  • Worked as liaison between dean and students, breaking up fights, writing incident reports and dean referrals Education AS in Computer Information Systems in Computer Information Systems Monroe College - Bronx, NY April 2017 Skills CISCO, LAN/WAN, TCP, TCP/IP, NETWORKING, Inventory Control, Warehouse Inventory, Inventory Management, Customer Service