Infrastructure Project Manager Infrastructure <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager Dublin, OH Goal-oriented and collaborative IT professional with over 9 years of diverse enterprise level experience managing and applying Hardware & Software including but not limited to Security Hardening patches, Deployments, Refresh Projects , Support & Migration Projects, Testing & Implementation with proven leadership, analytic and problem-solving skills with strong ability to streamline and define scope, budget, requirements, develop value-added solutions and execute technical solutions that streamline and improve operating efficiencies. Adept in communicating with technical and non-technical audience to create a milestone and meet the needs of dynamics and continuously changing environments. Prove ability to learn, multitask and establish appropriate governance across both business and technical teams to manage scope, time, issues, risks and change request to delivery efficient project within given time and budget  PROFICIENT TECHNICAL BACKGROUND  * Packages/Concepts: LAN, WAN, MAN, IP v4/v6. Addressing, SAN, NAS, Active Directory, Work Experience Infrastructure Project Manager FGF BRANDS - Toronto, ON June 2019 to Present ? ?  Achievements: Reporting to the Director of IT Operations, manage multiple infrastructure projects based on business requirements, working closely with the engineering team, developers, vendors to upgrades, refresh and implement new hardware/applications within the infrastructure with minimal production downtime.  Proactively lead discussions (internally and with stakeholders / Business / Vendors / executive leadership) to identify business requirements contributing to project scope definition and success criteria.  Cloud Technologies - Azure, AWS   Scripting experience - Python, Perl   Establish a plan for each assigned project, which includes defining the projects goals, objectives,   risks, assumptions, staffing levels, roles and responsibilities, work breakdown structure   milestones, and deliverables.   Conduct stakeholder meetings to solicit feedback, input, and expectations; incorporate these  ? ?  ? Define project scope, budget, timelines and milestones that support the business goal.  ? Track, measure and report progress in achieving stated goals.  ? Identify project risks and develop mitigation plans.  ? Lead kickoff meetings and other appropriate launch activities to support group understanding  and objectives.  ? Organize and lead check-point meetings providing regular project status updates.  ? Clearly communicate expectations to team members and stakeholders.  ? Manage escalations and resolve resource and commitment conflicts as necessary.  ? Lead, coach, and motivate project team members on a proactive basis.  ? Lead in the design and implementation of new business processes and procedures as needed Project Manager IT Infrastructure - Markham, ON January 2018 to September 2018 Plan, manage and deliver distinct projects through all the specific phase and provide leadership, direction and coaching to teams(s) while partnering with business and executive stakeholders within a single or across multiple Lines of Business (LoB).  ServiceNow:  Achievement: Replace existing tool BMC Remedy with Service Now ITSM and actively worked with multiple stakeholders for CMDB Asset Management, Data Integration, Change Management, UAT and release management to successful application go live  ? Actively worked alongside with Multiple Project Managers to manage the project plan is on track by engaging with multiple stake holders, Lead Business Analyst, Change/Incident & Risk management team, CMDB Asset Management team,  Deliverables, Operational Readiness and Technical Teams/Developers to complete CMDB asset management and data integration to actively work towards UAT  ? Work with end client/BA's on requirements gathering , create user stories, test cases to accomplish UAT and setup training sessions for ServiceNow implementation to go live  ? Run daily triage/JAD meetings with stakeholders to get an update and track the progress to help overcome different challenges and escalate as required  ? Oversee resources project budget, deliverables, weekly risk, issues, mitigations and create status deck  Infrastructure Server Vulnerability:  Achievement: Being a part of GITRM Team (Global information &Technology Risk Management) ran a server scanning tool called Qualy's , the scan across banks infrastructure and located vulnerable servers which are not up to banks hardening standards, with the help of engineering team and deployment services streamlined a process and deployed a patch to remediate those servers with a confirmed Ad-hoc scan  ? Working closely with technical and business infrastructure team to bring up the non-compliant (vulnerable) Server Os (Windows , Linux, AIX , HPUX, Solaris) and Database(SQL, DB2) up to banks hardening guidelines which involves working with Engineering,  Automation and Deployment Teams, Multiple Business/Application owners and Developers to get servers remediated by mitigating risk by patching and testing in Dev/QA/Disaster Recovery Environment.  ? A set of 2000+ servers and databases which are non-complaint as per Qualy's scan which is performed monthly.  ? Liaise with the application development team and business application owners to establish dates to perform the remediation's on the servers  ? Work with technical and business teams to identify applications that will be impacted by implementation and help them understand the scope and rationale to mitigate risk and issues.  ? Manage risks and issues during the remediation process for the set of Production (Live Servers) and Non Production(Dev, QA and Disaster Recovery)  ? Work with the Senior/Chief Technology officers/Application owners and Server Engineering teams to set milestones to overcome obstacles and update progress reports  ? Follow-up to resolve any fallout issues from the remediation and rescheduled if required after running an AdHoc Scan to make sure all the servers have been remediated  ? Manage a number of projects at any given time, and time horizon of projects generally ranges from medium to long term.  ? Weekly Project Updates on Clarity with Risk, Issues and Resolutions along with resource allocation, time sheet validations and forecasting.  ? Make presentations for steering committees and project sponsors along with forecasting, budgeting and timesheet validations as required. Sr. Project Coordinator IT Infrastructure - Brampton, ON December 2016 to August 2017 Achievements: Being a part of Retail Store build team / End delivery team working under constant pressure on multiple projects at any given time, successfully build net new, close, move, upgrade (IMAC) and delivered a number of Rogers Retail stores across Canada as per business request, which involved working with multiple stakeholders and Vendors for procurement of IT Hardware like POS systems , Servers, Printers, Digital Displays etc., at vendors warehouse along with asset management , getting the hardware staged and scheduling the hardware for implementation on site with operations team to test and validate the implementation to store go live and appropriate handover to IT production support and business support teams  ? Plan, create, coordinate and maintain project plan, including the development of project timeline, milestones, resources, task dependencies, Vendor Management, Eprocurement's.  ? Track project performance, including resource allocations, cost, and quality by continuously evaluating progress through regular team status meetings and weekly project status reports.  ? Manage the integration, business, vendor deliverables along with Old/New asset management  ? Monitor resource forecasting, other costs, and use of generic resources to ensure that project funds and project forecasts are comparable  ? Ensure the planning and communication of release details, including appropriate handover to IT production support and business support teams  ? Multiple Vendor management, requesting quotes and validating as per vendor SOW, issuing Purchase orders in Oracle, Ticketing /Tracking using Service Now, Scheduling Excel /MS - Project.  ? Writing Technical scope for the implementation team on site and scheduling dates for IT Hardware roll out which involves Servers, POS Systems, Printers, Pin pads , Scanners and Mobile devices  ? Ordering project inventory from multiple vendors along with Asset Management/Tracking (Compugen, CoxCom, Adesso, Softchoice, Wincor.) and overseeing the inventory level for future IT-installs.  ? Hold Pre-Implementation meeting for site readiness to make sure the construction of site is complete and ready for hardware deployment, post implementation reviews meetings, ensuring root cause analysis is conducted on any critical failures and lessons learned.  ? Build effective relationships with all functional areas and manage stakeholder expectations  ? Run daily meetings with Vendors, PM's, Technical Operations Team with agendas and documenting meeting minutes  ? Oversee and coordinate multiple priorities while meeting tight deadlines  ? Identify non-compliance to the project process so that it can be addressed and corrected as per SOW  ? Administer project schedules of assigned projects to maintain deliverables are tracked and completed in a timely fashion  ? Provide assistance to junior members of staff with providing oversight, training and an escalation path Lead Implementation - IT Consultant LOBLAW'S (BFG) - Markham, ON May 2015 to November 2016 Contractor}  Achievements: Being a part of Implementation Team Coordinate and worked on multiple refresh and upgrade projects in retail environment like NCR-POS , IMAC (Installs , move, add & change), Windows 7 Migration using SCCM, Office365 Migration, AVYA to Cisco migration , Server Refresh, SAP Conversions, HP-Price Verifier Refresh, Dell-Desktop Refresh , HP-Time Clock Refresh, Network Printers, Hand Held Scanners , UPS's, Network peripherals (routers switches) round the clock over the years  ? Responsible for the assembling, installation and maintenance of communications hardware, networks and POS in retail environments across multiple Loblaw's retail stores and offices  ? Coordinate and schedules, installs, moves, changes and ad-On's, documentation, old and new equipment's asset tracking and coordinate with vendors/staging team to get the equipment staged tested and shipped out for install  ? Upgrading the workstations at retail environments to the newer and faster Dell i7s.  ? Install network and peripheral hardware (servers, switches, RF, POS, wireless, printers, scanners, access points, server racks)  ? Upgrade and install handheld guns and convert the system to SAP in retail stores  ? Windows 7 migration using SCCM2012, POS software Installs, Running Scripts to make necessary attached equipment's useable and lock systems to have limited store associate accessibility  ? Login to ISP and activate/deactivate/reports on system boot images on the server  ? Test, review and troubleshooting of installed systems  ? Troubleshooting service work cabling, hardware and network related issues in the field  ? Interpret and manage work orders, drawings and specifications  ? Perform site inspections, Pre-installs, install, Asset management, Service tags and documenting  ? Documentation of pre/post work order, old/new asset management and installs on a daily basis  ? Travel to customer sites across assigned geographic work areas to perform the work  ? Perform work on revolving day/night shifts, weekends/on-call, call-backs and overtime. System Analyst LOBLAW'S (BFG) September 2015 to July 2016 Business Information Solutions-BIS  Achievements: Support and coordinate successfully deploy and install the Network , hardware and software across different retail locations in Canada also working with SEN support team (Smart Equipment Network) who manages and supports the machines remotely over network if there is issues like network connectivity, router troubleshoot setups configure NUC's software install , update, troubleshoot and maintenance, parts activation process , spire unit support  ? Run Database scripts to verify and update data to ensure accuracy across client locations  ? Review and Maintain the daily/weekly units heartbeat and consumption data from the reports generated daily  ? Assist in re-imaging the unit to latest released software/firmware version and updating the values accordingly  ? Troubleshoot Network connectivity issues if remote connection is lost and machines are not able to telnet, travel on field at the location to diagnose the connectivity issues.  ? Review and analyze report printouts and performance indicators to locate code problems, and correct errors by correcting codes and raise a ticket if the issue cannot be solved  ? Coordinate and link the computer systems within an organization to increase compatibility and so information can be shared.  ? On call client technical support, addressing and resolution of all client issues through e mail /on-call /on site if required in a certain time frame  ? Travel to customer sites across assigned geographic work areas to check and resolve the issues and concern with connectivity and software  ? Expand or modify the system to serve new purposes or improve work flow  ? Analyze information processing or computation needs and plan and design computer systems, using techniques such as structured analysis, data modeling and information engineering Systems Support Analyst Much Mobile - Toronto, ON March 2013 to August 2014 Achievements: As a part of retail store built team, Coordinate with construction and site readiness , stage and deploy IT Hardware and POS Software across multiple retail locations scheduled, active asset management and technical writing  ? Facilitate, coordinate and manage all Retail related projects for Information Technology ( IT)  (New development, application changes, Back office and Front office system upgrades and maintenance).  ? Work with different vendors involving the site construction readiness, Hardware Deployments and installation.  ? Support and Install standard systems hardware, software platforms and POS (Point of Sale) systems across all the retail locations.  ? On call client technical support, addressing and resolution of all client issues through e mail /on-call /on site if required in a certain time frame.  ? Assist in installing Microsoft Windows Operating System, Microsoft Office, Antivirus, Anti Malware and other sales tracking software's used at the retail location.  ? Experience in blackberry handheld and Apple iOS, iPad/Tablets, Android devices setup and configurations.  ? Act as an escalation and emergency point of contact with respect to delivery of IT systems.  ? Training retail personnel in the usage of Point of Sale system and internet Kiosk's.  ? Effectively resolve the complex task from numerous retail locations for any IT related issues remotely or on call/on site.  ? Actively involved in openings of new retail locations, IT installs and assists in the configuration of POS equipment for new stores.  ? Primary administrator for all retail locations POS database and inventory control applications.  ? Well Versed in the database management, site setup, printer routing, POS user management, security and accessibility.  ? Document, manage and update all current software procedures. Technical Support Analyst - Desktop Dell, Inc (India) 2009 to 2009 Achievements: As a part of deployment team , stage and deploy hardware across multiple clients as per request along with asset management technical documentation and deliverables  ? Install and perform repairs to hardware, software, and peripheral equipment, following design or installation specifications.  ? Performed desktop hardware assembly and installed Microsoft Windows operating systems along with all the desired drivers required to run the system efficiently.  ? Set up equipment for employee use, performing or ensuring proper installation of cable, operating systems, and appropriate software.  ? Maintain record of daily data communication transactions, problems and remedial action taken, and installation activities.  ? Refer major hardware or software problems or defective products to vendors or technicians for service.  ? Assisting users experiencing problems with hardware, software, network and other computer-related issues. Systems Administrator Cubicor Info Systems (India) 2008 to 2008 Achievements: Install and deploy new computer system hardware and software as per request, help troubleshoot remotely and understand customer's concerns to help resolve issues.  ? Install all new hardware, systems, and software for networks.  ? Install, configure, and maintain network services, equipment and devices.  ? Supports administration of servers and server clusters.  ? Manages all system back-up and restore protocol.  ? Plans and supports network and computing infrastructure.  ? Perform troubleshooting analysis of servers, workstations and associated systems.  ? Documents network problems and resolution for future reference.  ? Monitors system performance and implements performance tuning.  ? Manage user accounts, permissions, email, and anti-virus, anti-spam Education Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania 2017 to 2018 Bachelor in Computer Science Engineering George Brown College - Toronto, ON 2011 to 2012 Master's in Business Administration Osmania University - Hyderabad, Telangana 2004 to 2008 Skills CISCO (1 year), SAP (1 year), IOS (1 year), SOLUTIONS (Less than 1 year), TELNET (Less than 1 year) Additional Information * Operating Systems: Linux, Unix/AIX Administration, Windows Xp, Vista,7,8, 10, Server 2008,2012/R2, HpUX,Solaris,Cisco IOS & Macintosh  * Remote Admin Tools: Telnet, VNC, Log-Me-in, Team viewer  * Telephony: VoIP IP PBX, AVAYA/CISCO Phones  * Cloud Technologies - Azure, AWS  * Scripting experience - Python, Perl  * Monitoring Tools/Apps: Wire shark, Remedy, HAWKEYE, WATCHNET  * Data Solutions: Mobile Knowledge XDS Modules, Page Gate Messaging  * Reporting Tools: Tableau, JRIA    * Other Software/ Tools: VMware, PIVOT Tables, Oracle, Service Now ITSM, ActiveDirectory, Microsoft ( Project, Visio, Exchange, Excel, SharePoint, Office365, Visio, SCCM12), UML, Clarity, BMC Remedy, Qualy's ,Confluence, JIRA