Project Manager/Implementation Specialist ITS <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>/Implementation Specialist ITS Project Manager/Implementation Specialist ITS - Shazam, Inc Des Moines, IA Work Experience Project Manager/Implementation Specialist ITS Shazam, Inc - Des Moines, IA July 2019 to Present In this position I work with financial institutions to execute the requests they make to their debit card provider. My responsibilities include: calling the financial institutions to verify information on their requests, consistent contact to the individuals representing the financial institution, updates on their projects, and staying organized while handling 40-100 projects at one time. Customer Service Representative First State Bank Grinnell, IA November 2017 to July 2019 In this position I assisted customers with many of their banking and financial needs. My daily activities included: answering customer questions, opening consumer and business checking and savings accounts, taking consumer and business deposits, helping customers withdraw money, keeping a tidy workstation and balancing teller drawers and the vault each day, and many more minor tasks. Teller US Bank Newton, IA May 2017 to November 2017 In this position I assisted consumer and business customers with their account needs, including: depositing, with-drawing, making loan payments, completing change orders, and other various duties. Retail Sales Consultant Boyd's US Cellular Grinnell, IA June 2015 to February 2017 In this position I learned many things about sales and customer service. Diagnosing the customer's needs is one of the biggest responsibilities with this job, along with troubleshooting, problem solving, and various other tasks to ensure the happiness of the customer. Business IT Office Assistant Kirkwood Community College Kirkwood Community College I - Cedar Rapids, IA August 2014 to July 2015 In my time working for the Business and IT Department within Kirkwood Community College I got very familiar with the office environment. In this position I got proficient in printing, copying, organizing, sorting, and collating documents. Microsoft Office was used every day, including Office 360, which was how we set up appointments with advisors within the office. Education Bachelor of Science in Finance Buena Vista University 2015 Associate's Degree in Liberal Arts Kirkwood Community College 2013 Skills Customer service, Data entry Additional Information Excellent customer service, communication and organization skills.  Superb knowledge of Microsoft programs including: Outlook, Word, Excel and OneNote.  Ability to perform well in a fast-paced environment.    Skills  Customer Service  Data Entry  Microsoft Suite  Office Applications