IT Technician <span class="hl">IT</span> Technician IT Technician - Eurofins Reading, PA Dedicated IT Professional with a strong work ethic looking for opportunities including, but not limited to, the following fields: Data Center Technician, Desktop Support, IT Analyst, and IT Technician. Work Experience IT Technician Eurofins July 2019 to Present Imaging computers using Microsoft Deployment Toolkit (Windows 7 and Windows 10) Onsite Support: Infrastructure & Onsite Services Volvo Group Mack Trucks August 2017 to November 2018 Performing break/fix, setup and installation of Ricoh, Kyocera, HP, Zebra, and Intermec Printers.  ? Configuration, setup, and break/fix of Honeywell and Intermec hand scanners and Honeywell VM3s.  ? Windows 10 migrations. Imaging desktops, laptops, Honeywell VM3s. Data migration.  ? Service Now Ticket System  ? Working with 3rd party vendors to facilitate repairs, software support, and ordering equipment.  ? Providing IT support to all employees and all devices in the plant and the offices.  ? Resolving a multitude of incidents.  ? Network troubleshooting. Patching ports.  ? Inventory management.  ? Configuration and troubleshooting of Apple and Android cell phones. MobileIron setup. IT Technician Prime Healthcare October 2016 to March 2017 Preparation for, and successful implementation of, EPIC Electronic Health Record Software  ? Test EPIC in production environment prior to live release. Work with users and the EPIC team to ensure a smooth transition from the previous system  ? Setup, deploy, and configure new hardware, peripherals, WoWs, Tracker Boards, Fujitsu Document Scanners, Datalogic scanners, E-signature pads, Glucometers, Nuance Dictation Microphones, Armband, Label, Specimen, Kyocera and Zebra Printers. Troubleshoot and test all of the above.  ? Upgrade workstations with new RAM, SSDs, and any other necessary hardware  ? Thoroughly document all inventory and users in Excel  ? Add users to Active Directory and edit data  ? Work with Pyxis Vendor to implement necessary backup software for Pyxis Connect  ? Troubleshoot software/network errors and login issues in Meditech, Citrix Receiver, and Dragon  ? Trace, tone, and test ethernet cables, document patch panels and switch ports  ? Migrate user profiles and the contents of user shared drives  ? Assist with tickets and day-to-day user support  ? Image workstations with Acronis Help Desk Analyst Santander Bank February 2016 to May 2016 Resolve a wide array of technical issues via phone/remote assistance utilizing a ticket system  ? Assist users with unlocking and resetting passwords  ? Use of Active Directory to investigate issues and gather pertinent information to aid in support  ? Escalating to the appropriate groups  ? Gathering data from multiple sources to fully document each situation  ? Troubleshoot many issues such as: browsers, network, performance, Microsoft Office, multiple applications, hardware/software failures, Cisco and Avaya phones, VPN, Java, and Iphones.    Wilson School District Report damaged parts to Project Manager Computer Repair June 2015 to June 2015 Desktop Support Analyst Santander Bank March 2015 to April 2015 Migration of Windows XP to Windows 7  ? Backup and Restore Data using USMT  ? Installation of Windows 7 using SCCM  ? Assist Users with the transition  ? Ensure all data is restored, test applications and VPN connections  ? Troubleshoot various issues throughout the process Lead IT Technician Lehigh Valley Health Network April 2014 to June 2014 Imaging, Migrating, and Deploying Windows 7  ? Troubleshoot and repair hardware, software, peripheral, application issues.  ? Perform hardware upgrades/replacements.  ? Train employees in several imaging options depending on types of applications needed at multiple hospitals and practices. Instruct employees on proper procedure and how potential complications should be managed. Provide support and assistance for my team.  ? Prepare all materials and paperwork for my team and provide detailed end-of-day documentation.  ? Work closely with Practice Managers and Office Coordinators to locate machines, schedule deployments times, and resolve technical problems.  ? Communicate effectively and empathetically with Doctors, Nurses, and Staff to reduce any potential disruption in day-to-day operations.  ? Find solutions for various problems and errors within the Imaging and Migration processes.  ? Deploy and test completed machines with User's to ensure proper functionality.  ? Install and configure Office scanners in OnBase. HP Representative/Printer Deployment Assessment Technician Penske June 2013 to June 2013 Assess current environment of file room and printer to prepare for deployment of a Cannon C7270 Image Runner  ? Examine loading dock, dedicated fax and Ethernet line, outlets, specifications and dimensions  ? Document all information thoroughly to ensure a smooth deployment process IT Technician Alcon\Novartis May 2013 to June 2013 Successful Deployment of Windows 7 Enterprise with applications on 300+ machines  ? Deploy and migrate desktops and laptops  ? Swap hardware, peripherals  ? Troubleshoot workstation and user issues  ? Act as a front-facing representative for the deployment team to the customer  ? Assist and train coworkers in imaging and migration  ? Take support calls and provide at-desk support for all Alcon employees Education Associate in Computer Technology Reading Area Community College Skills IMAGING, DEPLOYMENT, ACTIVE DIRECTORY, DHCP, NETWORK TROUBLESHOOTING, TCP, TCP/IP, DNS, ANDROID, SHAREPOINT, WINDOWS 10, WINDOWS 7, WINDOWS 7 ENTERPRISE, WINDOWS XP, EXCEL, MICROSOFT OFFICE, MICROSOFT OFFICE 2003, OFFICE 2003, OUTLOOK, POWERPOINT, Desktop Support Additional Information COMPUTER SKILLS    ? Microsoft Office 2003-2016, Office 365 (Excel, Word, Outlook. Powerpoint, Access, Sharepoint)  ? Microsoft Operating Systems  ? Apple and Android devices  ? HP, Dell, Lenovo  ? Break/Fix  ? Desktop and Remote Support  ? Hardware and Software Installation/Repair/Upgrades  ? Network Troubleshooting - TCP/IP, DNS, and DHCP  ? Imaging, Migration, Deployment (Windows XP to Windows 7 Enterprise and Windows 10)  ? Active Directory  ? Healthcare IT  ? Printer Setup, Troubleshooting, and Support  ? Data Entry  ? Service Now