Business Manager and Human Resources Business <span class="hl">Manager</span> and Human Resources Business Manager and Human Resources - Real Estate Office Work Experience Business Manager and Human Resources Real Estate Office - Bishop, CA February 2019 to Present • Maintains office services by organizing office operations and procedures; preparing payroll, controlling correspondence; designing filing systems; reviewing and approving supply requisitions; reviewing and preparing, opening and closing escrow files. Manage Quickbook accounts.  • Developed policies and activities such as employment, compensation, labor relations, benefits and real estate training. Project Administrative Assistant to Chief of Human Resources, COO, Dir. Cardio Northern Inyo Healthcare District - Bishop, CA March 2018 to February 2019 Bishop, California    Project Administrative Assistant to Chief of Human Resources, COO, Dir. Cardio/Pulmonary, Dir. Lab/DI, Dir. EVS, Dir. Quality & Risk, Dir. Rehabilitation, Dir. Pharmacy, and Dir. Dietary    • Supported the day-to-day activities of the Chief Operating Officer, and the team, to include scheduling and prioritizing work assignments. Serves as the primary point of initial contact on matters pertaining to the Chief Operating Officer.  • Provided assistance and represents the Chief Operating Officer, as appropriate, in communicating with internal and external customers. Independently researches, prioritizes, and follows up on multiple incoming issues and concerns addressed to the Chief Operating Officer, including those of a sensitive and/or confidential nature; determines appropriate course of action, referral, and/or response.  • Managed a variety of special projects for the Chief Operating Officer, and Senior Management Team, and Management Team, some of which may have organizational impact.  • Managed day-to-day activities, including typing, file maintenance, composing correspondence, ordering supplies, receiving visitors, incoming calls and mail, invoices, check requests, and monthly general ledger reconciliation.  • Managed the confidential information and support needs for various initiatives, workgroups and special projects including, but not limited to the annual Financial Plan, Senior Management Team meetings, Management Team meetings, Board of Directors meetings, and various project teams by:  • Coordinated participant and facilitator schedules.  • Compiled and preparing meeting materials, equipment and resources.  • Confidential preparation, distribution and record keeping of session notes and documentation.  • HIMs Support, collecting charts, preparing them for scanning  • Served as back-up to the Executive Assistant to the CEO and Board of Directors. Provides confidential and administrative support for the Board of Directors through the preparation of agendas, schedules, room arrangements, and meeting materials.  • Followed up with the Chief Operating Officer and Senior Management Team on projects and tasks involving Board governance and processes, policies, exhibits, and the Board's master calendar.  • Maintained annual Calendar of Events for Chief Operating Officer and the Senior Management Team, as a reminder of required reports and activities.  • Made travel arrangements for the Chief Operating Officer and the Senior Management Team to conferences and seminars, as requested.  • Attends Board of Director's meetings, workshops and committee meetings, acting as Recording Secretary for such meetings, if needed. transcribes minutes for review, type into final form, and distribute copies.  • TEAMWORK: Builds and maintains an effective working relationship with all peers. Coordinates and integrates departmental work activities with co-workers' work activities. Positively contributes to teams and other work groups to carry out departmental projects.  • PROJECT MANAGEMENT: Assists management with projects. Provides constructive input to facilitate project planning and implementation. Assists in the identification of resources required, costs, benefits, timelines, implementation schedules, and evaluation. HIMS HR Analyst Mammoth Lakes Hospital July 2017 to October 2017 • Recorded management including the following: completion of birth registry requirements including Acknowledge of Paternity; release of information requests; document imaging functions to include scanning and quality control; record analysis and completion functions to monitor and assist providers including delinquency procedures; support for coding and transcription to ensure all documentation is complete.  • Completed legal birth certificate and files in accordance with State laws and Hospital policies, completing Acknowledgement of Paternity (AOP) documentation for unmarried parents, updating baby demographic information with birth certificate name after discharge and processing all requests for patient information to ensure proper authorization for all release of information requests and record review requests while adhering to all State and Federal regulations. Researches, troubleshoots, and resolves documentation issues on accounts and performs duties for provider delinquency procedures including monitoring of deficiencies, printing and compiling of reports and provider letters.  • Assisted with the orientation, training and re-education of HIMS staff. Liaison between management and the HIMS staff for the purpose of coordinating staff schedules and communication of information and/or resource in providing information and HIMS department services. Promotes open communication, effective point of service decision making and problem solving while interacting with internal/external customers to ensure positive resolutions and customer satisfaction. Serves as a key liaison between staff, physicians, other departments and other departmental customers.  • Monitored daily workflow processes, complete daily activities, and identify and communicate to leadership any opportunities for improvement as needed. Identify, address and communicate opportunities to improve work processes and practices good work group dynamics. May serve as a backup to other staff members to ensure the department operations are efficiently and effectively maintained.  • Coordinated the compiling of human resources department statistics, generating performance reports, and facilitating special projects, as required including assisting in the development of targets and action plans to achieve department goals. Project Asst. Manager Optimum Healthcare IT June 2016 to April 2017 - UCI/UCSD Epic Implementation Project    • Provided project management support to UCI & UCSD Medical Centers professionals (CIO's, Executive Directors, Directors, Manager's and Consultants.)  • On-boarding new consultants with their teams for all systems access for/with UCI and UCSD.  • Administrative control on Epic SharePoint site for projects with UCSD and UCI Medical Center's.  • Maintained and order all computer equipment for continuing consultants and new onboard consultants.  • Maintained project files and database with MS Project, Eclipse, Quest.  • Monitored the project budget, scheduling meetings and preparing presentations.  • Created structured flowcharts, VISIO space planning and organization charts for each project/specific area within the UCI/UCSD hospitals.  • Activities of project assistants and collaborate with superiors to develop plans and evaluate progress on "Go Live" for project November 2017.  • Worked with UCI/UCSD clients to solve daily business problems, including all IT issues, and problem solving.  • Performed tactical function and first point of contact for all project communication.  • Performed a more strategic role by establishing procedures, motivating subordinates, implementing process improvement projects and building relationships.  • Onboarding new consultant hires for projects, which include all IT access, and equipment on projects.  • iShare for UCI and UCSD SharePont, Eclipse, Concur and Expensewire.  • Coordinated travel, hotels and rental cars for consultants.  • Trouble-shoot computer issues and log tickets with IT.  • Scheduled meetings across UCI and UCSD resources through individual system availability checking.  • Coordinated and conduct agenda and taking meeting minutes for Project Status meetings.  • Areas of applications worked/collaborate with for the "Go Live" are ASAP, ClinDoc, Orders, Stork, Willow (Rx), Ambulatory, MyChart, and Beacon, Infrastructure of project, Desktop, Security, EMP and SER, plus HB(hospital billing, PB(physicians billing)Prelude/Cadence/ADT. Executive support Mission Hospital, CA October 2015 to May 2016 to the Chief Medical Officer and the Chief Financial Officer and HR Project Coordinator  • Handled executive calendars which included, scheduling meetings with multiple people; includes doctors, and personnel.  • Attended meetings and taking minutes.  • Drafted letters to physicians and medical groups.  • Set-up Leadership Conferences for the Leadership teams of executives, physicians and employee's.  • Fielding and managing calls.  • Reviewed important contract documents.  • Prepared budget materials.  • Tracked Health Systems attendance.  • Created and distribute Program Guides.  • Appointment Management for Leadership classes.  • Law-Room reconcile reports, run reports.  • Turning Point Technologies.  • Pulled and drafting PowerPoint presentations for Monthly Board Meetings.  • Other assigned tasks as needed by the Administration office.  • Heavy calendaring, and meetings using video and WebEx.    07/20 - 09/11/15 St. Joseph Health, Irvine CA  Executive Assistant to, two (2) Vice Presidents and Director of RSC - Revenue Cycle Services    • Provided direct support to VP of Revenue Cycle Services, and VP of Patient Financial Services, plus two (2) consulting Directors from Navigant.  • Heavy calendaring, and meetings using video and WebEx.  • Made travel arrangements/domestic and international, rental cars/sedans and lodging.  • Managed and maintained highly confidential records.  • Scheduled on-site/off-site meetings and conferences.  • Prepared PowerPoint presentations for meetings.  • Drafted and review all operating policies and procedures for coding department.  • Prepared materials for presentations, meeting minutes, agendas and equipment.  • Worked extensively with Visio for workflows and organizational charts of department reconstruction.  • Created report workbooks on financial reporting for Revenue Cycle Services.  • Departmental statements and invoicing for vendors and consultant groups.  • Screened, prioritized and routed all incoming mail and phone calls. Executive Assistant, CFO, Vice President Legal/General Counsel, VP of IT and VP ITT Interconnect Solutions August 2014 to May 2015 of Marketing & Product Management    • Handled correspondence, sets up and maintains files, email, manages phone activity for the CFO, General Counsel, VP IT and VP Marketing & Product Management and other assigned Operations staff.  • Managed and coordinates all travel and associated arrangements and expenses.  • Invoice processing, coding with SAP.  • Legal documentation on contracts, upload into SharePoint.  • Regulatory Affairs.  • Processed expenses through our electronic (Concur) system. Includes organization of international and domestic travel, transportation and meeting arrangements, which may involve coordination with host sites and 3rd party vendors.  • Prepared quarterly expense account reports.  • Maintained and coordinates calendar, appointments and meetings for the assigned Executives and other Operation Staff.  • Main contact and lead for all IT vendors and invoicing on SAP.  • Set-up conference calls and associated arrangements.  • Prepared monthly and quarterly reports as assigned and maintains action registers as necessary for appropriate follow up.  • Other office support as needed on a day to day basis. Education University of Phoenix and University of California (UCLA) BA in Business Management University of Phoenix Skills KRONOS, VISIO, EPIC, SAP, ORACLE