Manager- IT Operational Support <span class="hl">Manager</span>- <span class="hl">IT</span> Operational Support Looking for an opportunity to utilize and grow my project management skills. Acworth, GA Seeking an opportunity to utilize my organizational, analytical and managerial skills in a high paced and challenging environment. I currently work for Aaron’s Inc, as an IT Manager of Operational Support. This opportunity allows me to lead a team, manage complex agile assignments, define and drive business requirements, maintain focus within the team and cross functional groups and perform at a superior level. I possess expert skills in communication, collaboration, and backlog management, as well as implement strong project planning and analytical skills. I also completed a B.S. degree in Industrial Engineering with an emphasis on supply-chain, as well as competing as a Division I athlete; I was able to gain a strong competitive edge along with both leadership and teamwork experience. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Manager- IT Operational Support Aarons Inc.-Corporate Office - Kennesaw, GA August 2018 to Present ·       Manage two 10+ member operational support teams within IT in a Network & Operational Center (NOC) model and embedded model with IT products, these teams are designed to drive root cause analysis within products to provide stability across our 1500 stores and customer base.  ·       Act ass liaison between product owners, call centers, and stores to manage requirements of store operations and customer experience. This resulted in decrease of inbound calls to our call centers and decrease in incident management.  ·       Built and manage entire problem management process within IT including event recognition, problem creation, Sev1 facilitation, cross-functional team communication, and learning reviews. This process decreased problem time to resolution by 20% (6 hours) of downtime.  ·       Monitor and alert on all store infrastructure, product applications, and datacenter networking and connectivity in order to proactively support and troubleshoot store needs. IT Project Manager Aarons Inc.-Corporate Office - Kennesaw, GA February 2018 to August 2018 • Lead all company wide intiatives that were driven by the Infrastructure and Support department. Manage all communication and collaboration between all cross functional teams and vendors.  • Build project charter and conduct project kickoff meetings. Maintain project documentation, meeting minutes, meeting agendas, scope amendments, and key customer communication archives.  • Drive project deliverables with both on and off site resources. Coordinate with accounting team to report on project budget status and confirm feasibility.   • Manage all project reporting to C-level executives and stakeholders on monthly and quarterly basis. Coordinate and lead all status update meetings. IT Business Analyst RHO Inc - Chapel Hill, NC January 2017 to January 2018 • Lead and guide a team of software developers and quality assurance engineers through the SDLC process in both agile and waterfall project management styles to complete all project tasks for all client facing applications. Prioritize and plan the teams work scope while coordinating and eliminating overlap between tasks. Work closely with this group to understand feasibility with the requirements planning for potential solutions.  • Communicate exceptionally in person, on conference calls, in meetings both digital and otherwise, and through email by facilitating work meetings, actively listening, asking questions and taking in new information.  • Gather, prioritize, and delegate requirements from multiple stakeholders for four in house developed applications. This has resulted in acting as the liaison between the over a thousand users of the systems and the technical team to make code changes and any hardware updates needed to maintain optimal productivity.  • Build and maintain project plans and deliverables for an enterprise system used by the NIH. Coordinate and Manage all project tasks including budgets, schedules, and project scope.  • Analyze multiple options before identifying a solution to a problem by reviewing data, documentation, user input surveys, and understand the users company process. Work directly with the client to negotiate and prioritize development changes in the system.  • Design, implement, and validate performance test cases per user stories and functional requirements based on quality and client requests. Coordinate with software testing engineer on the most optimal order of user stories to perform quality assurance. IT Project Coordinator PepsiCo - Plano, TX February 2016 to December 2016 • Generated multiple program dashboards forecasted metrics for both 2016 and 2017, as well as the financial impact on the program. These dashboards identified room in this year’s budget to onboard more resources that intern decreased 2016 completion date by 10 weeks.  • Consolidated, analyzed, and documented Stakeholder project specifications for a multi-million dollar global IT program. This information was then used to provide project status updates for the Stakeholders and Sponsors of the program.  • Oversaw a team of 6 project managers on their everyday project activities and was responsible for organizing team meetings, coordinating PM work deliverables at a program level, and administering the everyday operations for a complex multi- project program. Managed the PM weekly status reports and inventory progress updates for individual projects that were then sent out to senior directors for compliance and regulation purposes.  • Built multiple communication plans with all the stakeholders both internal and external. Coordinated between more than ten different departments, teams, and vendors across time zones worldwide. This allowed seamless communication across the entire program and complete understanding of the program requirements for all teams.  • Analyzed and evaluated global data to monitor trends in progress, scope changes, and regulate project’s documentation in order to maintain company compliance measures. That process drove mitigation plans for project schedules, milestones, and budget inquiries when potential risks and issues arise.  • Consolidated, scrubbed, and analyzed global data to insure information is uniform and accurate for an executive level audience that impacted this year’s program budget and schedule.  • Developed and maintained program updates, multiple project excel dashboards, and report PowerPoint presentations for senior management to forecast the development for the end of year program deadline. Sales Management Trainee Enterprise Holdings - Morgantown, WV May 2015 to August 2015 • Participated in interview process and was selected as one of the top 5 candidates (out of 37) to participate in a summer internship program  • Maintained the highest sales numbers for our area grouping (WV, east MD, north KY, west OH). Encouraged customers to upgrade their services, where appropriate, increasing branch store sales.  • Worked closely with management team to learn business principles, customer sales, and how to own and operate a business.  • Interfaced with customers over the phone and in person. Held the highest employee customer satisfaction rating during my internship.  • Managed customer inquiries and escalations, routed customers to appropriate teams, if needed, to ensure their needs we met Education Bachelor's in Industrial Engineering West Virginia University - Morgantown, WV 2012 to 2015 Skills Microsoft Office (6 years), Customer Service (6 years), Team Leader (6 years), Teamwork (10+ years), Communications (7 years), SQL (2 years), User Experience Design (Less than 1 year), JIRA (3 years), Webex (2 years), Skype (2 years), Agile (2 years), Project Management (3 years), Organizational Skills (5 years), Organizational Leadership (2 years), Zoom (1 year), Imeet (1 year), Visio (2 years), Slack (1 year), VPN (1 year), HTML (1 year), Spanish (3 years), Desktop Support, Active Directory, MAC Assessments Supervisory Skills: Directing Others — Highly Proficient July 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to motivate the performance of others through feedback to identify improvements or corrective actions. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/ugn8fhalyoehjank Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information I have been working in IT project management for over 3 years. In August 2018, I received an promotional opportunity to learn and lead in a new role as a personnel manager of 12 member team. Although I love my team and the opportunity, I have learned a lot and am ready to get back into project management and grow my career in that industry. My husband is a recently separated disabled veteran, and after traveling as a military spouse we are ready to bring our family home to Dallas, TX and settle down for good.