Project Manager/Estimator <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>/Estimator Accounting Assistant Los Angeles, CA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager/Estimator Aid Builders, inc. July 2019 to Present -1. Serve as the primary point of contact for the Client and ensure that expectations are met and reflect the duties and deliverables outlined in the Owner contract agreement.  2. Develop a communication plan to include reporting protocols, meetings schedules, key contacts and Client signoff. Maintain regular contact with the Client, providing regular updates according to established communication plan.  4. Ensure that the project team understands the scope, budget and deliverables outlined in each contract agreement. The agreed upon budget and level of service will dictate the depth, breadth and level of detail of deliverables and level of service.  5. Oversee and monitor the project team; Owner, Contractors, Consultants, Manufacturers, Public Authorities, etc.  7. Prepare project progress reports, and at all times keep senior leaders informed of what is transpiring with the clients and projects.  8. Ensure that project and software tools are up-to-date to enable accurate progress and accounting reporting.  9. Plan and facilitate design development, pre-bid, construction, owner update, scheduling, and other coordination meetings.  11. Responsible for multiple projects at the same time, and the Project Team may vary from project to project.  12. Primary contact with the Client, the Project Manager is responsible for identifying new opportunities such as expanded services or changes in the scope of work  13-file bid request, go to pre bid dates and represent company, also submitting bids on time.  14-estimating bid schedule    Software fluent in:  -autocad  -primavera  Websites used:  -vendorline  -Planet bids  -cmd group Carpenter/Laborer BA Azzam Construction and roofing co. February 2019 to July 2019 demolition of stucco  -cutting concrete with demo saw  -light foundation pouring  -stick framing, help framer with installing a35’s, and joist hangers, as well as framing ceiling joists 22 1/2 on center  -help framer with rafters, underlayment and shingles installation  • help framer install drywall  • Drywall taping and mudding  • Insulation install  • Help install sliding door  • Help install trim and baseboard  • Help paint walls   • Help framer solder pipe using flux   • Install valves  • relocation of water line  • Help plumber dig trench to access water line  • Used jackhammer to demo concrete  • Use grinder to demo tile Electrical Helper Dunbar Builders - Los Angeles, CA December 2018 to February 2019 -Helped drill holes through the studs and wired   -Made out outlets to get ready for inspection  -Installed cans and wired them  -Installed smoke detectors  -Skilled in residential wiring General Laborer Pitzer Construction - Gardena, CA October 2018 to December 2018 -Drive truck to job sites to collect construction materials ready to be taken to the dump  -Demolition  -Drywall installation  -Dense glass installation  -Help with foundation pours  -Framing  -Help electrician and plumber   -Help with all construction related duties around job sites Valet Attendant AAA Parking - Los Angeles, CA August 2017 to December 2017 -Retrieve costumer cars in a safe manner  -Provide outstanding service to costumers  -Write tickets for incoming costumers in a fast manner  -Help hotel attendees with luggage  -Practice aggressive costumer service with costumers in order to ensure efficient and smooth labor  -Communicate with guest  -Dealing with money  -Hand out tickets   -Post tickets   -Answer the telephone  -Request cars for guests  -Complete valet inventory of keys  -Keep area clean and neat.  -Above average mathematical skills  -Ability to balance paperwork Accounting Assistant Superior Mobility - Carson, CA March 2017 to June 2017 Responsibilities:  • Expected to scan packing slips and company invoices   •Properly file all packing slips and invoices using Data Management software called Metforce  •Analyze and compare invoices to identify any discrepancies using RehabTracker to find invoices using their Purchase Order numbers  •Enter discrepancy amounts onto excel sheet  •Enter all invoices onto Quickbooks  Skills used:   •Microsoft Word and Excel  •Attentiveness to detail  •Quickbooks  •Rehab Tracker and Metforce Driver Assistant (Seasonal) UPS - Los Angeles, CA December 2016 to January 2017 -Help driver deliver packages in a timely manner  -Assist driver in organizing back of truck  -Offer excellent costumer service to business owners and helping them get their packages on time   -Pick up packages for next day air etc. Junior network Administrator/ IT assistant Academy Insurance August 2015 to January 2016 Responsibilities  • Expected to fix all technology related problems for 21 offices. This can be anything from fixing a network issue to fixing an unconnected printer  • Excepted to answer all phone calls and aid costumer service agents with speed and efficiency   • Had to use troubleshooting to fix network related problems  • Was given role as junior administrator in which I had to monitor the phone system, internet systems and make sure everything is running smooth in the office    Skills Used  • Expected to fix problems quickly and effectively  • Addressing problems quickly and using critical thinking to find solutions  • Investigation is required for this job, I had to investigate past problems to find solutions for problems in the future Assistant Manager The Wireless Connection February 2015 to April 2015 • Ringing up costumers, selling the products, and managing the employees.  • Expected to sale products while maintaining excellent customer service  • Responsible for making sure the place was running smoothly and making sure the place was clean and organized  Assistant Manager  The Wireless Connection  February 2015 to April 2015  Responsibilities:  • I was running the whole store by myself within one week of starting the job. This illustrates of how fast of a learner I am.  • I was expected to serve customers with excellent customer service  • I was also responsible for opening and closing the store  • I was required to know how to use a computer efficiently and productively in a fast smooth manner Salesman KMH Outfitters - Fontana, CA August 2014 to February 2015 Responsibilities:    • Ringing up costumers, selling the products, and managing the employees.   • Expected to sell products while maintaining excellent customer service  • Responsible for making sure the place was running smoothly and making sure the place was clean and organized Education Associate in Construction Technology El Camino College - Torrance, CA August 2018 to June 2019 Associate in Accounting El Camino Community College - Torrance, CA January 2015 to December 2017 High school diploma Environmental Charter High School Skills IT (Less than 1 year), Sales (1 year), Microsoft Excel (4 years), Valet, Guest Service, Ebay (4 years), Amazon (1 year), General Laborer, Construction Laborer, General Labor