Business Analyst - IT Projects Business Analyst - <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Projects</span> Business Analyst - IT Projects - Dataserv Inc Nashua, NH Work Experience Business Analyst - IT Projects Dataserv Inc - Nashua, NH September 2015 to Present Working effectively with C- Levels, IT and Project Managers to ensure delivery of IT consulting/ recruitment projects within committed timeframe and budget.  ? Gather requirements from clients and work with the account delivery team (HR, operations, recruiters, contracts managers and project leads).  ? Acted as liaison between functional business units and IT team managers to assist in defining Objectives, Requirements, Functions and priorities of projects.  ? Document requirements, approach and circulate to the business & tech teams for signoff  ? Follow best industry practices, partnering with client business divisions to ensure appropriate closure, handle compliance issues and meeting the standards set by the client.  ? Responsible for all interaction with vendors as well as scheduling WebEx Demos and proof of concepts.  ? Develop a schedule and identifies project milestones.  ? Working to get new partnership for Dataserv in order to support them for technology implementation services.  ? Responsible to get a new supplier registration for Dataserv in customer's accounts portal in order to bid and submit proposal for IT projects.  ? Review all project artifacts and served as point for escalation for Project managers and client managers in support of project related issues.  ? Negotiate and manage partnerships with third party vendors.  ? Ensure that project is managed within budget set by the client.  ? Responsible for customer management, business planning, revenue tracking, and resource planning.  ? Draft "Business Case" for special approvals from CEO.  ? Communicate with internal departments (Revenue, Contracts, Legal), on contract order forms net terms and conditions, part numbers, invoice, and billing language. Project Manager IJM Infrastructures - MY September 2012 to April 2014 Responsibilities:  ? Handled the operations for construction of 6 - lane highway.  ? Client correspondence regarding the scope of work, progress and achievements by the end of each day.  ? Handled a staff count of more than 100 people from various departments including office and work site.  ? Observed monthly billing and personally approved for client submission.  ? Used to take care of issues of the client and team workers in order to make sure that everyone is working with utmost enthusiasm.  ? Used to maintain personal client relationships in order make sure the Billings are released on time in order to continue the work smoothly.  ? Maintained PR with local governing bodies near the work site in order to continue the work smoothly. Contracts Engineer HCC India Ltd October 2011 to August 2012 Responsibilities:  ? Handled daily client correspondences.  ? Used to prepare official notes and company correspondence letters.  ? Used to take responsibility in responding to Government officials and making notes of important issues and submitting the same to Project Manager in his absence.  ? Used to proof read the mails and letters received and being sent to correspondents in order to make sure there are no mistakes or misunderstandings.  ? Used to maintain confidentiality of the correspondences between the officials and government clients.  ? Used to be the mediator between the work site and office for all kinds of official responses and issues. Tech and Customer support associate Amazon - IN February 2011 to September 2011 Responsibilities:  ? Used to handle customer support via e-mail.  ? Regular follow-ups with customers, resolving issues and taking lead responsibility to make sure the customer is satisfied.  ? Used to handle more than 100 issues daily.  ? Used to train new joiners about the work culture and scope of work and used to lead them during the initial training period.  ? Used to be a good team player and motivate new joiners to make sure the workplace is fun and at the same time encourage and make sure the target is reached from my team. Education Masters in Sciences Rivier University 2015 Masters in Business Administration in Marketing Aberdeen University 2011 Bachelors in Technology VIT University 2009 Additional Information Technical Skills:    Operating System Windows NT/XP/Vista/7, UNIX and Windows Server 2003/2008.  IDE Tools Microsoft Visual Studio 2013/2012/2010/2008/2005  Languages C, C#, VB.NET  Build Management Maven, ANT, Anthill, Make, Clearmake, visual build, Cruise Control  Continuous Integration Tools Jenkins/Hudson, GIT, SVN  Application Servers WEBLOGIC, TOMCAT, WEBSPHERE  SQL Server Tools Enterprise Manager, SQL Profiler, Query Analyzer, Export & Import, DTS, Replication, BIMS.  Data warehouse Tools SSIS, SSRS, SSAS  Database SQL Server 2010/2008/2005