Project Coordinator <span class="hl">Project</span> Coordinator Shakopee, MN Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Coordinator 2 Daughters Painting - Shakopee, MN Present I follow leads and land jobs for interior and exterior painting projects. I send a crew, assist in projects, project estimates for clients, create schedules and establish clean up crew. IT Support Specialist Cokem - Shakopee, MN February 2018 to June 2018 Provided It support to cokem product owners such as video game systems, arcade game cabinets, and would provide customers with replacement parts after troubleshooting the issue at hand. Customer Service Representative Shutterfly - Shakopee, MN August 2017 to January 2018 I would take calls from customers who would request to speak to a supervisor. Using Excel spreadsheets, and google docs I would assist customers, as well as many other programs at a time. Call Center Representative Willis Towers Watson - Bloomington, MN March 2017 to September 2017 Benefit specialist in a high volume call center. I would assist employees with their health and welfare benefits. Work on dual monitors, with multiple programs at a time, and assist with multiple tasks in regards to benefits. Follow up on opened cases with the participants, and assist with general knowledge. Train new employees in a shadow setting. Call Center Representative Shutterfly August 2016 to November 2016 High volume inbound call center. IT support for Shutterfly website. Would assist customers via phone, live chat, and email. I was a team lead responsible for expediting sensitive orders such as memorials. Account Manager SDI Marketing March 2013 to June 2015 Market and solicit a grocery store credit card. Manage and trained a team of 5. Would create their schedules and place them at correct stores based on company need by provided data and analytics. Customer Service Representative Direct Force Enterprises May 2012 to March 2013 Entry Sales position. Solicit direcTV in stores I was placed at. Keep up with customers and be liaison for them if any issues arises with Tv service. Education High school or equivalent Ged Program Skills Microsoft Office (4 years), Customer Service (4 years), Communications (3 years), Problem Resolution (4 years), Typing (4 years), High volume call center environment. (2 years), Marketing (3 years), Time management (4 years), Call Center, CSR, Customer Support, Customer Care, Photoshop, Excel, Scheduling, Sales Additional Information Driven customer service agent