Lead Internal IT Auditor Lead Internal <span class="hl">IT</span> Auditor Lead Internal IT Auditor Work Experience Lead Internal IT Auditor Juul Labs - San Francisco, CA August 2018 to July 2019 • Assess and test IT general controls, with due consideration for embedded and automated system controls; Assist with information security projects.    • Perform end to end SOX activities, including scoping, controls documentation, walkthroughs, testing, remediation and reporting.    • Assist in evaluating, monitoring and resolving material findings (Internal and External Audit).    • Prepared business for internal and external audit review and test.    • Evaluated risks and controls for new system implementations such as billing, contract management tools etc., assess the financial impact on SOX controls and recommend solutions to correct issues identified.    • Participated in process reviews and identify opportunities for significant enhancements in operational efficiency, overall effectiveness and identifiable benefits to the company  • Liaison with business process owners and other stakeholders both locally and globally. IT Auditor Global Payments Inc - Glendale, CA July 2017 to August 2018 • Perform assessment of IT internal controls as part of financial statement audit, operational audits and Audit readiness.    • Test IT General Controls (ITGCs) and IT Application Controls (ITAC) testing using a risk-based approach to determine controls design adequacy and operating effectiveness.    • Execute information security controls testing, Administrative, Physical and Technical - corrective, preventive, and detective and compensating controls.    • Execute testing of Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX) and Service Organization Control (SOC I, II & III, SOC I type I), SOC I type II and SSAE 18 Reviews, using COBIT and COSO frameworks.    • Perform technical projects including PCI DSS, Configuration database audit, cyber security audit, Configuration Endpoint and End user audit.    • Design and coordinate Information Technology audit projects. Ensure audit tasks are completed accurately in a timely manner using the application frameworks such as COBIT, COSO, ISO and NIST.    • Engage in the planning, execution, reporting, follow-up and performance risk assessment and mitigating control evaluation as needed.    • Perform Access review on SailPoint application (Provisioning, De-provisioning and attestation).    • Testing Plan and well as the testing plan for MAR compliance.    • Document work done by preparing work papers containing walkthrough and test of controls to determine design appropriateness and operating effectiveness.    • Document control weaknesses and testing results relating to controls tested.    • Identify and communicate IT Audit findings to senior management and appropriate stakeholders.    • Keep a good working relationship with auditees and colleagues alike.    Global Payments Inc. IT Auditor IT Audit Staff - Glendale, CA August 2015 to July 2017 controls testing for design adequacy and operating effectiveness.  • Documented work done and brief management of the potential issues noted during testing.    • Communicated control deficiencies and provide recommendations to resolve deficiencies.    • Participated in the post implementation review of management's work, assessing the operating effectiveness of the SDLC lifecycle, identifying risks and gaps in the implementations, communicating issues and recommendations to the parties involved.    • Participated in Operational and Compliance audit processes such as the documentation of policies/procedures and control narratives.    • Involved in the execution of audits at the firm's affiliate locations which included all phases of the audit (planning to follow-up).    • Engaged in performing technical audits of IT infrastructure controls, including operating systems, databases, network services, IT operations and back-up & disaster recovery. Project Manager Global Payments Inc - Glendale, CA August 2014 to July 2015 • Planning Project Resources: Defined the project's scope and determined what resources are available, estimating time and financial commitment, as well as how to monitor and report on the project's progress.    • Assembling and Leading Project Team: Met regularly to get status updates to chart their progress, while reallocated resources as needed to avoid blocking team members or overburdening them.    • Time Management: Schedule and accurately estimate the task duration to develop and maintain a realistic schedule.    • Budget: Made an accurate estimate is only the first part. Next, you must monitor the actual spend as compared to the planned budget. If those figures are off, you must adjust accordingly.    • Quality and Satisfaction: Constantly communicating with them, reporting on progress and being open to their feedback to keep them happy and coming back to you with future projects.    • Manage Issues and Risk: Figured out beforehand what the risks are and set in place a plan of action if they in fact occur.    • Monitoring Progress: Made sure projects are progressing as planned, constantly measure it and compare those metrics against the plan you created.    • Reporting and Documentation: Collected and signed off on and archived by the end of a project, which provides a history that you can revisit when planning for a similar project in the future.    Computer  Microsoft suite: Word, Access, PowerPoint, Excel, Microsoft Sequel Server 2008 to 2016, Outlook Express, Acrobat Reader and V-lookup, ACL, IDEA, Teammate, SharePoint. Education BS in Business Administration Rutgers University 2011 BS in Economics Rutgers University 2011 Skills Disaster recovery, Pci, Sox, It infrastructure, Vmware, Audit, Audits, It audit, Risk assessment, Soc, Internal Audit