Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager - CRYSTAL CLEAR TECHNOLOGIES Fayetteville, NC Work Experience Project Manager CRYSTAL CLEAR TECHNOLOGIES 2014 to Present Responsible for contractual obligations valued in excess of $10,000,000  • Communicating job expectations; planning, monitoring, appraising, and reviewing job contributions; planning and reviewing compensation actions; enforcing policies and procedures.  • Achieve operational objectives by contributing information and recommendations to strategic plans and reviews; preparing and completing action plans; implementing production, productivity, quality, and customer-service standards; resolving problems; completing audits; identifying trends; determining system improvements; implementing change.  • Meets financial objectives by forecasting requirements; preparing an annual budget; scheduling expenditures; analyzing variances; initiating corrective actions.  • Updates job knowledge by participating in educational opportunities; reading professional publications; maintaining personal networks; participating in professional organizations.  • Enhances organization reputation by accepting ownership for accomplishing new and different requests; exploring opportunities to add value to job accomplishments.  • Serve as a technical authority for networking, wireless, communications and infrastructure related technologies.  • Assists and manages base and facility access procedures for all entities involved in support of the work being performed by Crystal Clear Technologies.  • Possesses the ability to research product specifications and makes suggestions based on stated goals of the customer/partner.  • Provides on-site leadership, direction, and management for all designated projects.  • Remains in constant communications with the Government and Sub-Contract Project Managers and ensures rapid response and direction to all items identified.  • Submits weekly reports to the VP of Integrated Solutions, provides the status updates for percentages complete, materials inventory, lessons learned, success stories, crew status and any upcoming work to be performed of each project from initiation to completion.  • Responsible for the safety of all on-site crews during the performance of their duties to include support during Authorized Service Interruptions (ASIs), if required.    6443 Touchstone Drive, Fayetteville, NC 28311 ? (910) 864-4642 ? tonya.c.early@hotmail.com Supervisory IT Specialist Policy and Planning (PLCYPLN) KANDAHAR, AFGHANISTAN 2012 to 2014 Serves as the 401st Army Field Support Battalion-South West Asia (AFSB-SWA) S6 and principle advisor to the Battalion Commander on all information systems, automation, and communications operations/Chief Information Officer.  • Apply advanced IT principles, concepts, methods, standards, and practices to develop and interpret policies, procedures, and strategies governing the planning and delivery of services throughout the unit.  • Assesses policy needs and reviews, revises, and develops policy to govern IT activities and presents recommendations to higher-level management.  • Provide policy guidance to IT management, staff, and customers.  • Prepare IT budgets.  • Develops migration plans for implementation of new technology.  • Develops training programs to ensure users can apply the best techniques in using IT.  • Provide technical assistance to system users and contractors. Establish metrics to measure and evaluate systems performance and total cost of ownership.  • Identifies and addresses IT workforce planning and management issues, such as recruitment, retention, and training conducting audits of IT programs and projects.  • Performs annual inventories.  • Develops milestones and performs as point of contact throughout the various phases of projects until successfully concluded.  • Ensure that information security and information assurance policies, principles, and practices are an essential component of the operating environment. IT Specialist Operating Systems / Systems Administration (OS/SYSADMIN) KANDAHAR, AFGHANISTAN 2011 to 2012 Provide total operating system and system administration support for S6 Computer Systems that are used throughout the 4-401st Army Field Support Battalion (AFSB) Foot Print.  • Administered network functions, including DNS, Active Directory, DHCP, GPO's, and Exchange 2006 and 2008.  • Troubleshoot TCP-IP; DHCP; DNS; Group Policy and network performance issues.  • Maintained and provided technical support for SCCM, Microsoft OCS, Remedy, Exchange Server, File Sever, HBSS/McAfee, Printer Server and ARS  • Provided technical and operational support for switches, routers; with the ability of running inside and outside CAT5 cabling to maintain network connectivity for users  • Utilize broad scope of industry knowledge toward running systems diagnostics to determine cause of hardware and software failures, along with installing and configuring software operating systems and various applications, demonstrating knowledge of Active Directory, creating and deleting client accounts and computers, and assigning and changing user passwords and privileges.  • Support customers with operations, restorations, and configuration of information systems, along with coordinating, documenting, and troubleshooting all tickets to ensure 100% customer satisfaction while monitoring all technical support requests.  • Researched existing and emerging technology and recommended upgrades, patches, new applications, and equipment enhancements and modifications.  • Responsible for maintenance and around-the-clock monitoring of SharePoint site  • Provide IT help desk contract oversight; troubleshoot hardware and software problems and implements changes, analyze and trace system program failures.  • Perform research and evaluation in advanced computer platforms, operating systems, network connectivity techniques, and software/hardware inter-active control plans.    6443 Touchstone Drive, Fayetteville, NC 28311 ? (910) 864-4642 ? tonya.c.early@hotmail.com Network Administrator DRS TECHNOLOGIES - BAGRAM, AF 2010 to 2011 Installed, configured, troubleshot, and cataloged end user computers, printers, and scanners; testing connectivity between the Ethernet switch and the end user computer NIC.  • Configured domain access, e-mail client, Internet client, and core software applications on end user computers as well as, satellite peek & polling, and performing other duties as assigned.  • Utilized a variety of tools and resources to perform problem diagnosis and resolution.  • Carryout the day-to-day processes of the Multi-Media Communication System (MMCS) infrastructure.  • Responded to all help desk requests and resolved problems in a timely fashion; maintained a Help Desk ticket tracking system.  • Performed hardware and software upgrades to existing computer equipment as needed.  • Recommended appropriate equipment to support the customer and respond to requests on products and systems. Education Bachelor's in Project Management Certificate Program FAYETTEVILLE STATE UNIVERSITY 2014 to 2015 Master's in Networks AMERICAN INTERCONTINENTAL UNIVERSITY November 2013 Master's in Specialization AMERICAN INTERCONTINENTAL UNIVERSITY AVETA BUSINESS INSTITUTE Additional Information Operating Systems: Windows 2007/2000 • Windows XP / NT / 98 / VISTA    Software / Hardware: Switches • Routers • Laptops • Workstations (HP, Dell, Gateway, IBM, Compaq) • SCSI • Modems • Remedy•  Network Cards • Memory • Printers • Scanners • TACLANES • Promina 100 • Cisco VG200 Voice Gateway • Roxio CD • Adobe Acrobat Pro • Microsoft Exchange • DOS • Remote Desktop • Norton / McAfee Antivirus • Symantec Ghost • Active Directory • SMS• SCCM    Network Protocols: TCP / IP • WINS • DNS • SMTP • Ethernet