Telecommunications Team Lead | E-Commerce Support Lead Tech Telecommunications Team Lead | E-Commerce Support Lead Tech Hardware Tech or Technical Project Manager Tucson, AZ A passionate individual that specializes in building confident, valuable, and long-lasting relationships among clients and businesses alike. An enthusiastic and natural collaborator who leads by example and strives to produce innovative solutions to problems of high difficulty on a daily and ongoing basis. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Telecommunications Team Lead | E-Commerce Support Lead Tech Mural Consulting - Tucson, AZ March 2016 to July 2019 Mural offered me a new opportunity to come back and join the E-Commerce Support Team.   • Our Team provided Support for Ecwid (a freemium E-commerce platform) and provided solutions that utilize custom APIs in order to maximize the usability (thus profitability) of online store-based websites.  • After proving my capabilities as a standard Support Agent and looking for further leadership opportunity, I was promoted to Support Team Lead in June of 2016  • Responsibilities included front-line chat and phone support that handled general inquiries (FAQs) to complex and custom developed store to website integration requests. Our Team provided on-demand CSS and HTML code (custom developed in real-time usually) via chat for example.   • Mural's Support Contact with Ecwid had concluded as of EOY 2017.    Starting in 2018 I was offered the opportunity to become the Team Lead of a branch of Mural's Telecommunications Department. As Team Lead, I coordinated Mural's partnership and day-to-day operations with the Australian ISP named Telstra:  • We were a third-party IT partner providing Office 365 email migration and on-boarding services to Australian based customers.  • The Team's continued success with customer satisfaction and tracked completion of advanced email migrations (server-to-server, on-premises to Server, etc.) resulted in Telstra continuing partnership on a month-to-month agreement past the original 2018 EOY deadline.   • As of July 2019, the Office 365 migration partnership has concluded, and I have chosen to leave Mural to pursue new and exciting opportunities and take on new problems that require innovative solutions. Tier 2 Cloud Tech Advisor | Website Project Manager Mural Consulting - Tucson, AZ August 2013 to October 2015 After starting in 2013, I quickly worked my way from entry level (Cloud Tech Advisor) to Tier 2 Cloud Tech Advisor:  • I was responsible for delivering cloud (server) based business services (mainly Office 365) to CenturyLink small business clients.  • Overseeing the on-boarding, setup, and delivery of all high tier web products and services (webhosting, SAAS product sales and setup - in addition to Office 365)    I proceeded to a new opportunity as a Website Project Manager for a new Web Services Team:  • I specialized in building websites for small/large businesses within a 10 to 15 day turn around while ensuring adherence to industry standards (SSL/Security, mobile optimization, SEO configuration, cross-browser support).   • After the 8-month project was coming to an end, I amicably left Mural to pursue a contract opportunity. General IT & Web Admin Optical Image By Dr. Weisman - Tucson, AZ 2012 to 2015 Optical Image is a high-end optical boutique that specializes in selling world-renowned fashion eyewear collections. Their inventory consists of many prestigious brands and collections - thus requiring reliable, up to date, and market driven technology. This includes resources such as point of sale programs, reliable/competitive hardware, as well as training their staff members for new programs and technology. Due to my consistent and effective performance regarding the IT and training aspects, I was commissioned to entirely redesign the company's website, as well as re-solidify their web presence to be business competitive. Their increased web presence has led to the report of a large number of new clients, as well as a dramatic increase in profit and vendor promotions. Technical Specialist / Merchandising Associate Sears Holdings - Tucson, AZ 2012 to 2013 The Technical Specialist position consisted of scheduling repair appointments for clients after undergoing thorough troubleshooting of their trouble-ridden appliances. I frequently exceeded the required expectations on metrics such as handling time, customer satisfaction, and offering additional services. I personally chose to transfer into working as an "in-store merchandising associate" as an alternative opportunity after several months. Transitioning from over-the-phone interactions to face-to-face customer retail environment, meeting deadlines for stock rollout, and general store display maintenance. Education Computer Information Systems Pima Community College 2012 to 2014 Computer Science University of Arizona 2011 to 2012 High school or equivalent Mountain View High School 2007 to 2011 Skills DNS/Domain Management (5 years), Microsoft 365 Pre-Business Consultations (3 years), Office 365 Admin Management (5 years), Customer Service (8 years), Managing Team Metrics/Expectations (5 years), Computer Hardware Setup & Maintenance (8 years), Peer/Colleague Mentoring (6 years), Office 365 Admin (5 years), Google Admin Management (4 years), Team Reporting Management & Development (3 years), Web Development (8 years), Website Design (5 years), Management (5 years), Team Training Manager (3 years), Local & Server-to-Server Email Migrations (4 years) Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/alexander-shami-a339b1a9/ https://www.opticalimageaz.com/ https://www.mural365.com/ https://www.telstra.com.au/ https://www.ecwid.com/