Contractor / Freelancer Contractor / Freelancer Contractor / Freelancer - Kavanaugh Place Little Rock, AR Work Experience Contractor / Freelancer Kavanaugh Place February 2018 to Present Address  6609 Kavanaugh Place Associate Project Manager & Business Analyst Hewlett Packard Enterprise, Conway - Little Rock, AR January 2016 to February 2018 Phone  DXC Technology | Hewlett Packard Enterprise, Conway, AR (501) 529-0408  • Served as intermediary between business and IT professionals in order to understand E-mail  requirements and translate them into proper solutions. evanlpaul5@gmail.com  • Planned meetings, gathered requirements, defined scope, created projects plans, allocated resources, and established proper communication channels in order to keep  projects on time and on budget. Website  • Collaborated globally with project stakeholders, including developers, quality assurance  team members, and business analysts to ensure proper steps were in place for SIT, UAT, www.linkedin.com/in/evanlp5/ and Go-Live activities for major payroll projects.  • Utilized Agile / SCRUM methodologies to coordinate testing phases, identify risks and  impacts, and work on solutions to keep projects on track. Education  • Successfully drove HPE's largest global divestiture project in relation to payroll and time- tracking, directly impacting 50,000+ employees paychecks.  • Served as Release Manager for Americas Region - Responsible for collaborating with Bachelor of Science:  business and development teams in order to prioritize change requests and coordinate Information Systems  releases and updates. Global Functions IT Intern University of Arkansas - Fayetteville, AR June 2014 to August 2014 Summer 2015 Fall 2015  • Concentration: Enterprise  Hewlett Packard Enterprise | Hewlett Packard, Conway, AR Resource Planning (SAP)  • Utilized Agile / SCRUM to drive global use case testing approach during development and testing phases of ADP eTime projects.  • Completed service pack testing for 25 ADP eTime countries, reducing cycle time from 6 Skills  weeks to 2 weeks.  • Developed 50+ use cases and test cases within ALM testing environment, identifying user Project management  roles, user actions, and system responses specific to ADP eTime testing environments for 7  countries. Agile / SCRUM  • Completed UAT testing for Puerto Rico, executing detailed test plans, test cases, and Release planning  creating defect reports for daily review. Business Analysis  • Determined proper corrective actions to bring products in line with requirements. Testing  • Co-created and taught knowledge transfer course, focusing on Agile / SCRUM and driving  Global communicator  use case testing approach to service pack testing.  • Assisted with creation of ADP eTime training videos for new employees. Team-oriented  Self-motivated Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/evanlp5