Project Management Office Manager-eHealth Records <span class="hl">Project</span> Management Office <span class="hl">Manager</span>-eHealth Records Project Management Office Manager-eHealth Records - San Francisco Department of Public Health San Francisco, CA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Management Office Manager-eHealth Records San Francisco Department of Public Health - San Francisco, CA March 2017 to Present - IT, San Francisco, CA. March 2017 to Present  Project Management Office Manager-eHealth Records    Managed Project Management Office daily business operations of a $60 million annual investment portfolio of over 19 concurrent large and medium technology projects establishing, implementing and enhancing the financial and corporate management of the EPIC implementation.    - Develop and manage the internal ideation, estimation and approval process to ensure accurate project financial accounting, portfolio metrics & reporting for Senior Management review and evaluation.  - Develop and manage the governance process and artifacts to ensure that adequate process and standards existed for Senior Management review and evaluation.    Accomplishments:  - Managed $60 million annual budget keeping expenditures within & under project budget goals.  - Lead cross-functional teams in the in-depth program evaluation.  - Establish scalable, repeatable process and linkage between project cost and scope.    Tools:  - PeopleSoft 9.2  - Microsoft Project Server (PWA)  - Microsoft Excel, Visio, Word and Power Point Consultant-Human Capital Management Program Kaiser Permanente - Oakland, CA June 2016 to March 2017 Managed program financial $364 million investment portfolio of over 8 concurrent large technology projects establishing, implementing and enhancing the financial and corporate management of a "cloud-based" Human Capital Management (HCM) implementation.    - Developed and managed the program benefits realization process and artifacts to track $714 million in hard P&L benefits.  - Developed the standard operating procedure (SOP) and managed forecast process for the HCM program.    Accomplishments:  - Created process, procedures and artifacts to manage program financial expenditures and benefits.  - Led cross-functional teams in the in-depth program and project change control request.  - Established effective information technology partnerships within and outside of the organization.    Tools:  - Clarity  - Microsoft Excel, Visio, Word and Power Point Portfolio Finance Consultant-Program Delivery Office McKesson Corp - San Francisco, CA September 2015 to March 2016 Managed a cross-functional team on process improvement initiatives on large IT projects and programs governance and financial reporting.    - Led, managed and implemented a real-time business intelligence solution for project in-service.  - Developed and managed a project forecasting template and process.    Accomplishments:  - Rapid development & delivery of BI tool for the Information Technology ( IT) CFO resulting in 25% improvement in depreciable asset management on Capital Improvement Plan (CIP).  - Delivered a prototype of a full functioning Project forecast template for the IT CFO.    Tools:  - SAP R3  - Clarity  - Microsoft Excel, Visio, Word and Power Point Project Manager- IT Finance Bare Escentuals - San Francisco, CA July 2015 to September 2015 Managed the Information Technology organizations financial P&L as Bare Escentuals was merger/ integrated into Shiseido.    - Collaborated on the development of technology business cases for IT planning on a $10 million.  - Created the three-year OPEX budget for a $15 million eCommerce/ IT organization.  - Managed the resource planning, OPEX forecast and month-end close.    Accomplishments:  - Delivery of the three-year eCommerce/ IT OPEX budget.  - Reduction in force (RIF) resource plan, schedule and cost.    Tools:  - Oracle E-business suite release 12  - Microsoft Excel, SharePoint Vision, Word and Power Point Business Systems Analyst-Program Management Office Verifone - San Jose, CA March 2015 to June 2015 Managed worldwide virtual project team working in United States and India implementing Planview for Verifone supporting the culture change to lean and agile engineering practices.    - Managed off-shore team for Planview implementation and support.  - Developed use-cases template and uses cases for Planview project accounting and timesheets for a $228 million customer facing Product engineering organization.  - Managed the performance testing and monitoring remediation project for Planview and Verifone.    Accomplishments:  - Process, standards and template for use case.    Tools:  - Planview 11.3  - Microsoft Excel, SharePoint Visio, Word and Power Point Finance Manager-Technology Safeway - Pleasanton, CA March 2012 to February 2015 Collaborated and managed worldwide virtual project team working in Canada, United States and Philippines along with contractor teams in Mexico and India implementing enterprise technology portfolio for Safeway supporting the culture change from Rational Unified Process (RUP) to lean and agile engineering practices.    - Managed and collaborated cross functionally on analyzing all IT project business cases, challenging financial spending, saving and benefits assumptions.  - Collaborated with the project management team, strategic sourcing and legal in contract review for goods and services.  - Developed and implemented a Project Manager training program focused on agile methodologies, capitalization and financial management of IT projects.  - Collaborated with IT planning organization to develop an IT investment portfolio prioritization model for a $200 million CAPEX.  - Created contingent labor management program for $30 million annual expenditure.    Accomplishments:  - Increased productivity and financial acumen resulting in a 2% savings of $800 thousand.  - Contingent labor management resulting in 17% saving on $1 million.  - Deal validation resulting in a $3 million savings and community goodwill.    Tools:  - Primavera Prosight  - Microsoft Project server (PWA)  - Lawson Financial  - Hyperion Essbase/ Planning  - Microsoft Excel, SharePoint, Visio, Word and Power Point CTO organization supporting outsourced agreements McKesson - San Francisco, CA September 2011 to March 2012 San Francisco, CA. September 2011 to March 2012  Consulting, Strategic Sourcing    Managed a cross-functional team in the creation of a metrics and financial analysis platform for supplier analytics and influenced decision managing for Spend Analytics for a $300 million portfolio for the CIO/CTO organization supporting outsourced agreements.    - Created and the Spend Analytics presentation for the CIO/CTO.  - Led, managed and implemented supplier analytics platform.    Accomplishments:  - Implemented Spend analytics resulting in a $3 million savings.  - Deal validation resulting in a $3 million savings and community goodwill.    Tools:  - SAP R3  - Clarity  - Microsoft Excel, Visio, Word and Power Point Manager- IT Financial Consulting Allianz/Fireman's Fund - Novato, CA September 2009 to August 2010 Managed the daily business operations of a $300 million Multi-year IT investment implementing a business transformation platform Enterprise Policy Administration System (EPAS).    - Collaborated with Project Management Office (PMO) on implementing Earned Value Management on $125 million IT investment portfolio.  - Developed, managed and implemented and end-to-end process of on/off boarding contingent labor resource.    Accomplishments:  - Earned value management resulted in a 1.25% savings of $1.6 million    Tools:  - SAP R3  - Business Objects XI  - Emptoris  - Fieldglass  - Microsoft Excel, Visio, Word and Power Point Sr. Project Consultant Xoma - Berkeley, CA August 2008 to April 2009 Collaborated with cross-function project team in documenting requirements for the implementation of Oracle Projects and OPM.    - Created and documented the process for revenue booking associated with collaborative work with biotechnology companies.    Accomplishments:  - Successful implementation of Oracle Project and OPM on time, schedule and scope.    Tools:  - Oracle 11i, Projects, OPM Financial (Manufacturing)  - Microsoft Excel, Visio, Word and Power Point Education MBA in Finance University of Washington - Seattle, WA Bachelors of Science in Business administration California State University East Bay - Hayward, CA Skills FINANCIAL ACUMEN (3 years), FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT (3 years), FORECASTING (Less than 1 year), BUSINESS CASE (Less than 1 year), BUSINESS CASE DEVELOPMENT (Less than 1 year), SDLC, Project Management, PMP, PM, Scrum, Estimating, budget, Microsoft Project, Vendor Management (10+ years) Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/earlbutler Certifications/Licenses Project management professeional (PMP) February 2018 to Present Information Technology infrastructure Library (ITIL) June 2017 to Present Driver's License Certified ScrumMaster (CSM) November 2018 to November 2020 Additional Information SKILLS:  Working knowledge and experience in project and product management, Financial planning and analysis, contract negotiation and validation, business case development, market research, customer service, data analysis and technology systems.    - Technology and project financial management including accruals, month-end close and forecasting.  - Statement of Position 98-1/FASB 86 Software Capitalization.  - Intangibles - Goodwill and Other - Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40).  - Leadership in cross-functional and technical integration of product and systems development.  - Up-front & hands-on team-oriented and collaborative project planning and implementation.  - Work and learn effectively in a fast-paced, rapidly changing and challenging environment.  - Excellent quantitative skills, attention to detail & ability to work well as part of a team or individually.  - Strong financial acumen, public speaking, presentation, meeting management and writing skills.