Help Desk Support Analyst Help Desk Support Analyst Columbus, OH Creative and driven individual looking to build and facilitate relationships between all people. Understands that the best leaders are those who realize when to lead and when to follow. (Won the Courtney Hodapp Leadership Award through the i.c. stars program.) Work Experience Help Desk Support Analyst PCM IT Solutions & Services - Columbus, OH August 2018 to January 2019 Duties: Participated in a hardware refresh for JP Morgan Chase's teller computers. Providing software assistance for technicians on site at JPMC branches across the country. Responsible for maintaining bridge line with multiple techs, assuring old stations were wiped, and that new computers imaged and built correctly. Also, trouble shooting arising issues whether it was hardware or software related. IT Support Analyst The Wendy's Company February 2018 to August 2018 Duties: Troubleshooting hardware and software at restaurants to ensure day to day business runs smoothly. Making outbound calls and sending emails to general managers, district managers, technicians, and owners.    ? i.c. stars|* Columbus Project Manager/ Developer i.c.stars|*Columbus - Columbus, OH July 2017 to October 2017 Duties: 1000 hours, project based internship which centers around coding, leadership and networking. Managed a multi-generational, multi-cultural team which developed a responsive dashboard for AEP. Proficient coder in; HTML, CSS, JavaScript, SQL, #C, Bootstrap and learning others constantly. (Tech Ohio - i.c.stars|* Columbus video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=3&v=zUAVfaNK7Ho ) Meat Counter Specialist Carfagna's Meat Market April 2009 to February 2014 Duties: Cutting, preparing and packaging meat, maintaining specialty equipment, cashier experience, face to face customer service, delivery driver, customer carryout. Education The Ohio State University 2011 to 2012 Skills Help Desk, Desktop Support, Service Desk, Tech Support, Helpdesk Support, VPN, Active Directory Additional Information Skills:    ? Adaptability: Calm, reassuring influence who can handle stress well. Finds productive ways to relieve stress from others.  ? Strategic: Sees patterns where others see complexity. Can find a way to move forward and find the best route to take when needed. Quick thinker.  ? Connectedness: Considerate, caring, accepting. Can build bridges between people of diverse cultures.  ? Ideation: Critical thinker with the capacity to consider issues from multiple perspectives. Thinks outside the box. Innovative ideas come easily and creative.