IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Manager - HSBC New York, NY I am a highly-technical Project Manager and Certified Scrum Master with over ten years of experience in diverse finance environments. In my current role with HSBC I lead both local and offshore teams of BI developers and analysts, and I have served as a project manager, dev lead, or scrum master on multiple initiatives.     My work includes managing stakeholder relationships, articulating complex technical concepts, and motivating teams, and I possess a mix of functional and technical expertise in data analytics, banking regulations, and business intelligence.     I thrive on professional challenges and working on diverse problem sets, offering a high degree of technical literacy and problem solving accompanied by advanced soft skills in communications and stakeholder/client management.    My hands-on technical skills range from data (SQL, SSIS/SSRS) to coding (Python, Pandas, Sci-kit learn, Matplotlib) to visualization (Tableau, Qlikview), and I also offer solid knowledge of a range of concepts (Agile methods, Business Intelligence, Data Analytics, Budgeting, Banking - AML/KYC). Work Experience IT Project Manager HSBC - New York, NY April 2013 to Present Promoted to manage three analysts and assumed control of an additional offshore team in a player/coach role responsible for Agile project management and contribution to development initiatives, currently leading a functional team of eight (six BI developers, two audit analysts). Contribute to business analysis, functional and technical requirements, test planning, defect management, and stakeholder management.  ? Scrum Master/ IT Developer Lead for critical effort to standardize CDD overdue Key Risk Indicator reporting for KYC Ops. Worked with stakeholders to capture requirements and create user stories for executives. Conducted exploratory data analysis, log-linear analysis, logistic regression, testing of final time series and reference forecast, and validated/published a model able to predict KYC overdues KRI to the thousandth digit within three months (to the tenth digit in six months).  ? Managed initiative to ensure KYC data from golden source system flowed properly to 15+ HSBC trade systems. Oversaw four reports responsible for pulling in 3M+ account records distilled to ~5K clients using Informatica data quality and custom Access solutions for cluster and discriminate analysis. This led to HSBC's first validated client list used for regulatory reporting.  ? Project Manager for creation of policies and desktop procedures to manage internal audit of client onboarding. This policy was adopted globally for client onboarding models.  ? Managed initiative to decommission IT services of separated employees to save $101K annually. Oversaw development of Joiner/Mover/Leaver (JML) policy guide to standardize processes.  ? Led initiative to automate KYC team's manual collection and tracking processes by migrating to a light web-based workflow tool. Onboarded KYC teams in the US, India, and Poland to produce reliable data for benchmarking, time series analysis, and sub-process analysis.  ? Conducted high volume operational and regulatory reporting using SQL, SSIS, Excel, and PowerPoint for audit and compliance. Developed consolidated analytics KPI, KRI and time series SSRS dashboards to reduce ad hoc reporting. Created and maintained stored procedures, views, queries, and SSIS packages.  ? Product owner and lead for build of a Sharepoint workflow application that enabled 30 client managers to work seamlessly with the legal sanctions team to resolve rejected payment issues.  ? Served in Scrum Master and Development Lead role to build a daily KYC report to demonstrate analyst productivity, bottlenecks, effectiveness, and efficiency. Collaborated with Product Owner on developing KPIs and user stories. Delivered custom SQL/VBA solution that led to Project Manager of the Year award.  ? Served as interim co- manager for 30 client managers in Banking Middle Office (2014-16) as the KYC SME. IT Project Finance Manager (contract) Barclays Wealth - New York, NY October 2012 to January 2013 Contracted to serve as controller for an IT and SEC remediation project program and $30M budget.  ? Developed Excel VBA apps with pivot tables to import SAP G/L detail extracts to consolidate views of project health across the portfolio.  ? Chaired data meetings with Project Managers and Business Managers to discuss burn rates and resolve variances in YTD, MTD, and LTD forecast to actual.  ? Identified $5M in savings by manually researching SAP FI/CO general ledger and locating incorrectly booked accruals, deferrals, and miscoded invoices.  ? Built detailed financial models and financial statements to appraise project performance (discounted cash flow, internal rate of return, earned value analysis). Project Manager (contract) AIG - New York, NY August 2012 to October 2012 Managed IT delivery of a Reduction In Force (RIF) tool for HR, leading three business analysts and a developer. Facilitated steering committee meetings with stakeholders and successfully pitched leadership for approvals. Tracked project milestones, maintained functional requirements and documentation, designed test plans, and oversaw test execution.  ? Prepared and delivered group training to HR and Legal staff users of a complex Excel VB application.  ? Crafted PowerPoint decks, Visio process maps, and work aids for RIF processes.  ? Developed training methodology and collateral for Peoplefluent HRIS software release. Project Manager Bank of America - New York, NY September 2011 to July 2012 Conducted variance analysis on $6bn in annual IT charges covering ~550 cloud and middleware software products spanning six continents. Oversaw BAU reporting and forecasts.  ? Leveraged Apptio Cost of IT to determine IT costs and identify areas for reduction across multiple LOBs.  ? Coded Essbase cloud computing cubes to create forecast vs actuals, activity-based costing, and LOB reporting to built IT asset investment strategies. Wrote queries to retrieve data from Essbase cubes. Consultant Robert Half Resources - Philadelphia, PA October 2009 to August 2011 Managed up to five resources to provide innovative IT project management and financial reporting solutions for clients including C-suite executives at multiple firms.  For American Stock Transfer - Automated report queries from SQL databases and wrote Excel macros in VB. Validated and reconciled trading and margin accounts with regard to stock movement for restricted stock vesting and stock option payments and issuance.  ? For Ballard Spahr - Performed complex data validation and merge of Elite accounting software data extracts of master client and master vendor data.  ? For Catapult Learning - Served on multiple projects including a Student Information System build and a data migration for financials. Documented requirements for multiple IT projects with visits to New York, Chicago, and Philadelphia offices. Built a web-based app in SharePoint Designer with WSS 3.0 that securely hosts 10K+ financials and grants user-based access. Led competitive analysis for mobile contracts, managed contract revisions, and negotiated with vendors to reduce telecom spend 60% Education BS in Data Science and Accounting Thomas Edison State University - Trenton, NJ Skills Bash (Less than 1 year), Business Intelligence (6 years), Change Management (10+ years), CSS (Less than 1 year), data analysis (6 years), Essbase (5 years), Forecasting (Less than 1 year), Git (Less than 1 year), JIRA (5 years), MICROSOFT SHAREPOINT (10+ years), MICROSOFT SSRS (5 years), Sharepoint (10+ years), SQL (5 years), SSRS (2 years), SDLC (10+ years), Scrum Master (4 years), Software Development (10+ years), Waterfall (10+ years), Project Management (10+ years), Microsoft Work (10+ years), Microsoft Excel (10+ years), Salesforce (1 year), Business Analysis (10+ years), Requirements Analysis (10+ years), Python (Less than 1 year), IT Management (6 years), Business Intelligence (10+ years), Scrum, CSM, PM, Agile Scrum Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/wilsonadrian/ Certifications/Licenses Scrum Master Present Certified Scrum Master Microsoft Excel Present SharePoint Present Driver's License