Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager Norwalk, CA • To provide and excel in great levels of customer service by using great communication,  listening skills and my ambitious work ethic.  • Electronic Engineer with experience in Network & Server Arrangements, Control & Automation, Electronic Design, Project Management and High Precision  Instrumentation.  • Adept in all phases of software and hardware development, product development and  production cycle.  • Target oriented with accurate communication skills and savvy with computer operating  system, software and updates.  • Proficient in computer maintenance and virus prevention, leaving computer availability  ready at all levels.  • Posses excellent interpersonal, analytical, and organizational skills.  • Bilingual, fluent in Spanish, self-motivated, flexible, honest, loyal, respectful. Work Experience Project Manager ANDRES LACTEOS DE RES 2015 to 2016 • Oversaw all project expansions by following a strict schedule and completing all minor project tasks on time.  • Managed all workers by giving detailed feedback to improve profit  efficiency.  • Maintained a very strict and pressured work environment to assure daily  goals and to prevent loss of product.  • I also worked on the field hands-on to help maintain and over watch  productivity and quality assurance.  • ISO compliant at all times Administrative and IT Management ACIPET - Bogotá, Cundinamarca 2015 to 2015 Bogota, Colombia http://acipet.com/en/ 2015  Asociación Colombiana de Ingenieros de Petróleos  Administrative and IT Management  • Helped develop an academic streaming platform for all the courses  given by ACIPET to improve worldwide recognition through  Livestream and Xsplit.  • In charge of maintaining the company website by posting up to date  scheduled events using the development tool Wordpress.  • Also using the mailing tool, Mailchimp, I would keep any prospering  consumer and current clients informed of any changes in activities and upcoming seminars.  • Personally maintained all company computers & printers internally up to speed, updated and free of viruses, while at the same time fixed any  faulty, broken or damaged hardware for company use.  • Managed all company computers accounts, by using Active Directory from Windows Server 2008, creating or modifying users accounts and maintained backup information up to date.  • Remote desktop help with company clients abroad IT Support Viva Seguro, Funza - CO 2011 to 2014 Maintained all computers up to date, formatted computers if needed,  virus prevention and kept backup of all data.  • IT ready and available for all employee troubleshooting, computer  malfunction and system errors.  • Personally created and built the network plan for the entire office. Education Bachelor of Arts in Electronic Engineering Escuela Colombiana de Ingeniería Julio Garavito - Bogotá, Cundinamarca 2008 to 2015 High School Diploma Instituto Salesiano San Jose 2003 to 2007