Senior Software Developer Senior Software Developer Senior Software Developer Ipswich, MA IT professional with extensive career experience in the management, design, analysis, development, testing, and implementation of applications, utilities, and tools software. Expert in business office workflow automation.  Licensed by the Commonwealth of Massachusetts as an Information Technology instructor, trainer. Work Experience Senior Software Developer June 2019 to June 2019 As a full-stack developer engaged in web UI, middleware and database development. Extended functionality of a company dashboard utilized by clients. Code analysis and design of web page additions to add additional analytics (statistics, charts, etc.) extending the capability of dashboard.  Environment: Windows 10, MS Office 2016, MS Visual Studio 2019, ASP.NET Core 1.1 - 2.2, dotPeek (C# de-compiler), C#, JS, HTML, cshtml, CSS, Entity Framework, MVC, TFS, Confluence, JIRA, SQL Server 2017, IdentityServer4, various tools/utilities. contractor Sensitech, United Technologies Corporation March 2019 to March 2019 Senior Software Developer March 2019 to March 2019 Completing development and enhancement of a Customer Portal management system in a web environment (C#, SQL Server, Win Services, sftp). Involved in completing an online production monitoring and review system for the manufacture of credit, debit, and membership cards. Encoding of the card chip, development, testing, and deployment of initiative to provide a client-facing dashboard, reports, and exported files.  Environment: Windows 10, MS Office 2016, MS Visual Studio 2015, -2017, Visual Studio Code, .Net Core, dotPeek (C# de-compiler), C#, PHP (for Client UI), Entity Framework, MVC, SVN, Jenkins, JIRA, SQL Server 2017, QUARTZ Job Scheduler, various tools/utilities. contractor American Banknote Corporation 2018 to December 2018 Senior Software Engineer October 2018 to October 2018 Maintenance / enhancement of a healthcare practice management system in an Agile environment (C#, VB.net, VB, SQL Server, Azure, TFS). Involved in a technology uplift initiative to port successful product to current technology.  Extensive testing of parallel systems (SQL Server vs. Azure - for data access). Debugging, testing of ported software  to comply will existing business rules. Regression testing for QA compliance to existing systems: developed automated scripts to reduce time to populate newly created medical practice test environments. Extensive use of diff and compare tools to validate outputted reports, compared database tables between system in both environments for data accuracy / completeness, navigation script tool to 'walk' the application UI validating grid control population for accuracy, completeness.  Environment: Windows 10, MS Office 2016, MS Visual Studio 2015, -2017, C# VB.Net, VB6, TFS, Jenkins, SQL Server 2017, Microsoft Azure, various tools/utilities. contractor Allscripts March 2018 to March 2018 Senior Software Engineer May 2015 to July 2017 New tools/utilities development and maintenance / enhancement of a corporate client tax liability management system in an Agile environment (VB.net, SQL Server, VSS / git). Designed, coded, tested, implemented an automated utility (C#, SQL Server, APIs) for load balancing (migrating) client data among servers. Developed POC code to re-architecture a European sales tax (VAT) Management System (MVC, Entity Framework, C#). Solely took over support, maintenance, and enhancement to a Tax Exemption Certificate Management System. Coordinated with Global Operations and Global Engineering departments to facilitate moving said system's 110+ clients' applications (code and individual databases) from a Cloud-based datacenter to internal company-controlled servers. Normalized client databases with disparate schemas, prior to migrating client(s). (VB.net, C#, IIS and IIS API, server tools). Providing schema and data analysis for team developing Certificate Management System rewrite. (SQL Server, Java, C#, React).  Environment: Windows 7, MS Office 2010, MS Visual Studio 2008, -2010, VB.Net, C#, git / bitbucket, JIRA, Jenkins, dotPeek, Oracle, SQL Server, Component One, iTextSharp, sundry tools/utilities. Technical Manager / Senior Software Developer November 2012 to April 2015 New product development and maintenance/enhancement of an asset management system for the pipeline industry. Designed ETL package (C#, DevExpress) for rapid high-volume data validation / bulk loading of detailed pipeline component information from external environments in various data formats. Designed and coded changes to primary application in response to user/client requests. Re-geared development codebase for migration from VS2008/VS2010 to VS2012/VS2013.  Environment: Windows 7, MS Office 2010, MS Visual Studio 2008, -2010, C++, C#, VSS, TFS, Oracle, SQL Server, DevExpress (MFC/C#), ArcGIS, sundry tools/utilities Lead .Net Developer HP November 2012 to November 2012 IT Technical Lead developing an order entry tracking and management system for electronic parts distribution partnered with HP. Web portal access to system from HP & DHL for tracking and management of domestic and international orders. Redesign / coding of electronic parts testing and inventory control system into a 3-tier application. Rework of application for scalability. Implementation of version control for applications. Migration of applications from VS 2005 to VS 2010.  Environment: Windows XP, MS VS 2005 / 2010, Oracle 10, Subversion (SVN), MS 2007 Suite (Outlook, Excel, Word, Visio, Project), C#, VB.Net, VBA, Windows API contractor Converge, Inc March 2012 to March 2012 Project Manager / IT Tech Lead March 2012 to March 2012 Project Manager / IT Technical Lead supporting combined network of order entry and printing applications for financial documents. Project assignment, technical meeting facilitation; coding, testing, debugging, deployment of MS Office-based automated daily order status reports. Research and analysis of production issues. contractor Broadridge Financial Solutions November 2011 to November 2011 Project Manager / Senior Developer November 2011 to November 2011 Lead Project Manager / Senior Developer building IVR (Interactive Voice Response) systems for healthcare services provider. Project documentation, user and technical meeting facilitation, coding, testing, debugging, deployment of telephone voice response systems using web page architecture, SOAP web service data retrieval. IT Project Manager / Consultant, Senior Developer May 2011 to May 2011 Project management and development of a VB6-based automated machine control system for high-vacuum and high-pressure chambers. Interface with controls / relays / sensors via code - controlling digital and analog input/output devices. Logging, reporting exported to Excel and PDF formats. Rework of legacy (15+ year old) code, introducing current best practices, replacing manually coded object control with ActiveX objects. IT Project Manager, Senior Developer May 2011 to May 2011 Project management and development of an Access / Excel based accounting compensation application for a medical clinic. Coding accomplished primarily in VBA with heavy MS Access SQL query development. Responsiblr for systems analysis; quality control; unit-, regression-, and systems-testing. Management of local and remote team members, project scheduling. contractor Diagenix Corporation April 2011 to April 2011 consultant IVI Corp February 2011 to February 2011 consultant Pentucket Medical Associates April 2010 to April 2010 IT Applications & Operations Manager, Senior Developer Genscape / Enva February 2008 to March 2010 Management and hands-on support for analysis teams providing market intelligence for power industry commodities investment. Direction and training for junior and middle level software developers. Refinement, repair, and software development of new business products. Coordination of 24/7 data acquisition, database, server and infrastructure support. Facilitated data center move, office relocation, as well as rollout of new product releases. Management of on-site and offshore development teams, IT budget. Project Manager, Business Analyst, Principal Developer February 2008 to February 2008 Providing project direction and analysis for local small businesses. Development of business portals / web sites. Disaster recovery, best office practice instruction, configuration management, custom software development. consultant Quiet Eagle Systems June 2007 to June 2007 Senior Developer Commonwealth of Massachusetts, Division of Insurance June 2007 to June 2007 Online License Renewal (OLR) web application. Responsible for coding, testing, and implementation of license renewal pages using ASP.NET and C#, web service calls. Enhancement / development of SQL Server stored procedures utilized in application. COM DLL creation (VB.NET). Responsible for technical documentation. contractor Commonwealth of Massachusetts, Division of Insurance February 2007 to February 2007 System Architect / Lead Developer February 2007 to February 2007 System architect, lead developer for MassCourts Data Conversion. Responsible for designing, coding, testing, and implementation of an automated Extract / Transform / Load (ETL) system. This ETL system is used for the extracting, validating, data cleaning of various courts data from disparate database systems for import to a unified statewide database system (Maximus).  Responsible for technical and user documentation, data dictionaries, administration and execution of the ETL system. The front end user interface and database access was developed using VB 6.0 / VB.Net, MS Access 2003, Windows XP ("Windows API"). Application supported ODBC connections to FoxPro, Informix, and SQL Server. contractor Commonwealth of Massachusetts, Trial Court Information Systems October 2006 to October 2006 Applications Project Manager Commonwealth of Massachusetts, Department of Mental Retardation November 2004 to November 2004 full-time )  Provided on-going support for existing legacy applications, as well as migration of system of record data to new Meditech and HCSIS statewide reporting systems. Responsible for documentation (both for existing systems and new development, creation of data dictionaries, cross-walk tables, etc.)  System Architect/Senior Developer ( contractor )  System architect, senior developer for DMR's Residential Rate Calculation System. Responsible for designing, coding, testing and implementation of an automated contract negotiation rate computation system. The front end user interface and database access was developed using Visual Basic 6.0, MS Access 2003, as well as customized calls to Windows XP ("Windows API") to extend the functionality of VB and Access. Additional support systems were developed to deploy, support and maintain the application, along with project documentation, testing system infrastructure, etc. Professional Services Consultant October 2004 to October 2004 Provided full-service HIPAA consulting to the healthcare industry. HIPAA gap analysis, remediation, training and support to medical offices, clinics, hospitals to comply with mandated regulations. Custom development of data transformation utilities, procedural documentation. consultant ExtendEnt, Inc September 2002 to September 2002 Engineering Department Manager Duxbury Construction Company October 2001 to September 2002 Engineering Department Manager, field crew manager, surveyor, CADD designer, business analyst, developer for local construction company. Facilitated logistics and scheduling support for field crews, supervision of and work with survey personnel, data acquisition, and CADD design of sanitation systems, estimation, and job costing. Additional work performed to consolidate and normalize disparate data sources, data extract / transform / load, office automation of manual procedures utilizing COM coding to interface MS Outlook / Excel / Word / Access. LAN upgrades planning for anticipated office expansion. Project Manager / Senior Developer October 2001 to October 2001 Business Analyst, Developer for interface and extract processes between two insurance administrative systems (legacy vs. LAN-based (Oracle)). Responsible for coordinating data dictionary definition, batch update of extracted account values based on daily funds price changes. Senior Consultant March 2001 to March 2001 Senior Consultant responsible for analysis, design, coding, and implementation of Outlook 2000 enhancements: streamlined integration of mail merge with contact list management, report generation automated using MS Access. consultant John Hancock January 2001 to January 2001 Project Manager / Business Analyst 2000 to December 2000 As Project Manager, Business Analyst responsible for managing a team of designers and application developers (mainframe and client/server) developing a data warehousing OLAP application to access bank-wide information/data on Fleet clients, establishing a formal project tracking and control methodology, organizing project documentation, upgrading software revisions and coordinating system access. Also responsible for coordinating development and information flow between dependent applications on NT and UNIX servers, as well as VB utility code development for data format conversion among legacy, client/server and UNIX environments. consultant Fleet Bank August 2000 to August 2000 consultant Beals and Thomas, Inc July 2000 to July 2000 Senior Consultant July 2000 to July 2000 Senior Consultant responsible for creating 'silent', pass-through login into various training applications based upon user NT login ids. Creation of VB Windows NT Registry API code to access user login data, dynamic creation of Internet Explorer and Netscape cookies, custom ASP scripts, as well as production updates of SQL tables were all necessary to this application. consultant Fidelity Investments November 1999 to November 1999 Education Northeastern University Work experience equivalent to a Masters degfree in Computer Science in Computer Science University of Massachusetts, Babson College - Boston, MA Skills ADABAS, BTRIEVE, CLIPPER, DB2, DBASE, DBASE II, VISUAL DBASE, FOXPRO, MS ACCESS, SQL SERVER, ORACLE, PL/1, SQL, VSAM, API, C#, C++, FORTRAN, HTML, JAVASCRIPT Additional Information SKILLS    C#, C++, C, VB.Net, VB, VBScript, VBA, MFC, MVC, Entity Framework, ASP.NET, ASP, HTML, CSS, XML, JAVA, JavaScript, AngularJS, React, ASP.Net Core, QUARTZ Job Scheduler, IdentityServer4, Auth0    SQL Server, T-SQL, SSMS, SSRS, SSIS, Enterprise Manager, SQL-Plus, SQL Loader, SQL Tools, MS Access,  Oracle thru 11g, PL-SQL, dBase II - IV, Visual dBase, FoxBASE / FoxPro, Clipper, Btrieve, Paradox, dBase, FoxBase, FoxPro, Paradox (DOS, Win, & API), db support languages    Crystal Reports, ReportSmith, dotPeek, VXML, ADABAS / NATURAL, BASIC, FORTRAN, COBOL, PL/1, APL;  Macro Programming (scripts, office automation, COM/DCOM), JCL shells    VSS, SVN, TFS, git / bitbucket, JIRA, Jenkins, various accounting packages, FTP/TCPIP, VoiceXML, Voxeo, Tomcat, Avaya IVR, DevExpress, Component One    VBA for MS Office Suite ( Project, Access, Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Visio)  Lotus 123, Freelance, Notes (db, API), InterfloX, SQA Team Test, MS Test, Project Workbench, WITT    SAP R3, ABAP/4, UNIX AIX, DB-Artisan, Hummingbird Exceed, WS/FTP, ArcGIS, AutoCADD, VisualCADD, GenCADD, Architect-3D, Adobe API, HCSIS, Meditech, Intuit QuickBase    CICS, DB2, JES 2 & 3, VSAM, COMPLETE, FOCUS, IBM Utilities, Syncsort, OS-Ditto, NDM,  TSO/ISPF, JCL, XEDIT, REXX, PVCS, Panvalet, Expeditor, Endeavor, STROBE, INSPECT