Learning And Development Specialist Learning And Development Specialist Learning And Development Specialist Hermitage, PA Graduate of Youngstown State University, class of 2003, with a B.S. in Biological Sciences. Obtained professional CCCM Certi?cation from Villanova University while at GD-OTS corporate headquarters in St. Petersburg, FL in support of my career in Government Contract Management. Skilled in research, process improvement, and organizational ef?ciency. Have previously managed contracts of more than $1 billion. Geared towards team-oriented cross-platform solutions to better both projectneeds and customers needs. Work Experience Learning And Development Specialist Greenhouse Grower April 2019 to April 2019 Well rounded hands on functional consulting knowledge in CRM application management. Front and backend management, quality control and verification of system data, IT department liaison, LMS (Learning Management) and Business Development Specialist. IT department liaison Autosoft DMS January 2018 to December 2018 January 2018 to December 2018  Well rounded hands on functional consulting knowledge in CRM application management. Front/Backend management, quality control and verification of system data. IT department liaison. LMS (Learning Management) and Business Development Specialist. Health and Wellness Coordinator Portersville PRD - New Castle, PA May 2016 to December 2017 Ensuring the business is legally compliant with all health and safety legislation. Working with and trainingall employees to manage, monitor and improve the health and safety standards in the work place. Contract Manager General Dynamics Ordnance and Tactical Systems - Saint Petersburg, FL 2012 to 2017 Assure compliance with contract terms and conditions, identify problems that threaten contract performance, assure timely submission of contract reports, generate correspondence to the customer and interact with customer counterparts as liaison through e-mail, letters, telephone and face-to-face contact. Complete contract closeouts, prepare and coordinate Proposal Action Forms, and Facilitate timely payments and resolve any contractual payment issues. Ability to recognize technical problems, such as inadequate justification or deviations from normal procedure to resolve them after searching precedents to develop a recommended solution. Account Specialist Noise Solutions - Sharon, PA 2015 to 2015 to 2015  Responsible for assisting Project Managers and/or Engineering in coordinating the activities of a project to ensure cost, schedule, document control and quality standards are met. Project Coordinator PRI Construction Materials Technology - Tampa, FL 2014 to 2014 to 2014  Contract Specialist for the testing laboratory, which is dedicated to the construction materials industry, including custom-designed research programs, quality assurance inspections, and litigation support  consulting services. Contract Manager SYPRIS ELECTRONICS - Tampa, FL 2013 to 2013 to 2013  Import/Export Compliance Officer dedicated to cyber security solutions contracts division. Interprets, formulates and oversees contract policies, procedures, methods, operating practices, and performance standards for Federal programs, products and service areas. Manages and administrates company contracts including working with proposal managers, pricing team, contract negotiation and appropriate legal counsel. Reviews and resolves issues affecting company compliance, and ensures satisfaction of legal requirements, company, and customer objectives. Security Solutions Specialist L3 Technologies - Tampa, FL 2013 to 2013 to 2013  Negotiate Department of Defense (DoD) contracts. Administer contracts, subcontracts & procurement to ensure FAR/DFAR and other contract requirements are met. Participate in preparing proposals, agreements, and correspondence. Supports program teams and functional areas as required. Interpret contract terms and resolve conflicts with contractual terms. Responsible for subcontract negotiation andadministration as well as subcontractor invoice evaluation, verification and approval. Education Professional Certification (CCCM) in Government Contact Management Villanova University 2009 Bachelor's in Biological Sciences Youngstown State University 2003 Skills ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT, QUALITY CONTROL, CORRESPONDENCE, DATA ENTRY, CUSTOMER SERVICE Certifications/Licenses CCCM 2009 Certified Commercial Contracts Manager in Government Contact Management