IT Auditor -Contract/Temporary <span class="hl">IT</span> Auditor -Contract/Temporary Commercial Project Manager Omaha, NE Work Experience IT Auditor -Contract/Temporary Capstone - Omaha, NE April 2019 to July 2019 Project based constract employee.  Reviewing client audit controls for policy compliance Commercial Project Manager American Fence - Omaha, NE May 2017 to October 2018 Project management for commercial sales projects from estimate through billing  ? Scope of work includes requirements management, workforce management and scheduling, customer and site coordination, resource management, and regulatory compliance  ? Responsible for commercial customer billing and invoicing  ? Ultimately responsible for the on-time, accurate completion for approximately 30 commercial projects per month, representing annual gross revenue of $4.5 million    IT Internal Auditor Major Incident Specialist II/ IT Internal Auditor CSG International - Omaha, NE March 2015 to April 2017 IT Internal Auditor  ? Review, analyze, and model IT processes to identify areas of potential business and security risk  ? Evaluate and quantify identified risk and recommend controls necessary to reduce risk to acceptable levels  ? Monitor and report on risk control compliance after implementation  ? Regular exposure to and recommendation to multiple levels of management, up to the executive level    Major Incident Specialist II  ? Restoration management of major incidents and outages, including driving resolution across multiple teams and levels of management  ? Creation, review, and publication of post-issue review documentation, including root cause determination and preventative tasks  ? Developed, implemented, and monitored the continual improvement of several new processes and procedures  ? Regular exposure to and recommendation to multiple levels of management, up to the executive level Administrative Assistant II Bellevue University - Bellevue, NE February 2013 to March 2015 Managed faculty (tenured and adjunct) assignments, class registration, and materials needs  ? Managed and executed student survey procedure  ? Created efficient process for inventory and distribution of faculty course texts  ? Maintain College scheduling database  ? Assistant to Dean and Assistant Dean of College of Business Pet Care Manager Petsmart - Omaha, NE April 2009 to February 2013 Responsible for the creation, management, and execution of all live animal procedures (purchasing, care, sales, stocking, etc)  ? Daily management paperwork such as ordering new stock, inventory, and department maintenance duties  ? Shared responsibility as Manager on Duty, with tasks including nightly deposits and management of all store employees  ? Training of associates and new hires Education Computer Information Systems Bellevue University June 2012 to November 2014 Information Management Systems Metropolitan Community College December 2007 to June 2010 Skills audit (Less than 1 year), billing (1 year), Data Analysis (Less than 1 year), ordering (3 years), security (2 years), budget, Scheduling, Outlook, It Audit