Director, IT Finance Office Director, <span class="hl">IT</span> Finance Office Director, IT Governance Risk Compliance Cinnaminson, NJ Management professional with 12+ years of information technology risk & compliance experience. Optimizes processes that mitigate risk, improve operational efficiency, and reduce cost. Delivers technology solutions that support business and enterprise-wide strategies. Leads high performing teams, and executes projects on time and under budget. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Director, IT Finance Office Ocwen Financial Corporation - Mount Laurel, NJ January 2019 to Present Company is a global provider of loan originations and servicing for residential mortgages.  Provides oversight over the IT financial management function. Reviews monthly financial performance comparing budget versus actuals. Presents financial reporting to senior management and provides actionable insights related to business strategy & future technology spend.  • Replaced manual processes using advanced Excel tools and automation that significantly reduced the time and effort required to produce monthly reporting and analysis  • Partners with business unit leaders to drive the reduction of operating expenses and to validate spend forecasts Director, IT Governance PHH Corporation - Mount Laurel, NJ June 2016 to January 2019 Company is a leading provider of loan originations and servicing for residential mortgages in the United States.  Owns the IT Control Framework. Administers the IT GRC system to monitor policy & control compliance, and directs the annual IT Risk and Control Self-Assessment (RCSA) across the organization. Facilitates senior management committees to discuss key technology matters, review KPI's, and to approve policy changes. Coordinates IT audit/examination requests, and facilitates remediation activities with management. Planned IT integration over Ocwen's acquisition of PHH Corp.  • Established the 2016 IT Control Framework incorporating industry leading standards (COBIT, COSO, ITIL, NIST); and retired duplicative processes and controls  • Resolved regulatory compliance matters that led to fewer audit requests for the IT department  • Led the 2019 consolidation of technology policies, procedures, and controls as part of Ocwen's acquisition of PHH GRC Security and Controls Project Lead EY - Toronto, ON September 2013 to October 2014 Client is a diversified Canadian telecommunications and media company.  Led security and controls workstream as part of a large finance transformation program. Partnered with business units to design system roles free of segregation of duty issues. Implemented Oracle GRC modules to establish a user access provisioning process that supported over 15,000 user accounts.  • Designed operational control that detects duplicate vendor payments; resulted in known $1M in annual savings  • Built event-based alerts that streamlined project activities significantly reducing cycle times for capital projects GRC Project/Compliance Manager EY - Wright-Patterson AFB, OH August 2012 to May 2013 Client is a one of the five branches of the United States Armed Forces, specializing in aerial and space warfare.  Implemented Oracle GRC applications to help client meet financial audit and compliance requirements. Solution included: Preventive Controls Governor (PCG), Access Controls Governor (AACG) and Configuration Controls Governor (CCG).  • Managed the delivery, to include infrastructure support and design activities, project status reporting, budget control, resource management, and defect resolution  • Led a team of 6 analysts, developers, and testers through the planning, build & test, and deployment phases Oracle R12 Pre-implementation Project Manager EY - Grand Rapids, MI August 2011 to July 2012 Client is American multi-level marketing company that sells health, beauty, and home care products.  Conducted pre-implementation review and integrated audit for clients' Oracle R12 upgrade, to ensure integrity around: systems development life cycle (SDLC), business process controls, data conversion, and application security.  • Facilitated collaborative workshops with client business process leads to establish a segregation of duties rules for Financial Reporting, Supply Chain, Procure to Pay and IT Administration business processes  • Evaluated project implementation deliverables to ensure adequacy of system documentation  • Facilitated reporting to Project Steering Committee to provide insights related to technology risk GRC Project Manager PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP - Davidson, NC February 2011 to June 2011 Client is a diversified industrial manufacturer serving customers in global commercial, industrial and residential markets.  Delivered GRC solution designed to support enterprise wide security governance model. Performed scalability and performance load testing for production environment.  • Replaced clients' manual reporting processes around user access and application configuration controls; GRC automation features reduced the time and effort necessary to generate reports and analysis  • Implemented governance model that allowed for increased transparency and efficiency leading to fewer audit requests around financial systems Captain, Company Commander US Army Reserves December 2009 to October 2010 Unit deploys worldwide to install, manage, monitor and defend theater-level communications systems and networks.  Provides secure & non-secure Internet, voice, fiber installation, IT help desk operations, and satellite services to three US bases in Northern Iraq. Operates and maintains base communications and manages resources.  • Successfully completed mission leading team of 61 Soldiers/Airmen and 52 civilian contractors  • Managed property book value over $25M with no loss to personnel and equipment Department of Defense Risk & Compliance Specialist PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP - Crystal City, VA January 2008 to September 2008 Client is government agency responsible for guiding the Department's business operations modernization.  Implemented Oracle Internal Controls Manager (ICM) and Oracle GRC Manager (GRCM) pilots for Business Transformation Agency (BTA) client. Delivered training and process documentation. Performed user access and business process controls reviews for Oracle Financial System.  • Developed compliance test plans and helped define test scope for to-be Oracle E-Business Suite implementation  • Performed audit readiness review and provided recommendations to ensure financial system compliance (FISMA, FISCAM, and OMB A-123) Quality Assurance Tester PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP - Washington, DC January 2007 to June 2007 Client is a communications satellite services provider.  Performed Oracle Time & Labor (OTL) end to end functional user acceptance testing; helped ensure accurate processing of timecard hours into ADP employee payroll statements for over 1,000 employees  • Developed and tested over 400 test scenarios, with over 8,000 test steps  • Validated correct calculation of complex pay rules including weekend/shift differential, overtime, holiday pay, etc. Education Bachelor of Science in Information Systems in Information Systems DREXEL UNIVERSITY - Philadelphia, PA Skills Oracle ERP (8 years), SQL (10+ years), Qlik (2 years), Linux (3 years), Financial Management (5 years), Microsoft Office (10+ years), Excel (10+ years), ITIL (3 years), Strategic Planning (8 years), Project Management (10+ years), COBIT (4 years), Vendor Management, Exchange, IT Management, Disaster Recovery, Active Directory Links http://linkedin.com/in/ekang007 Military Service Branch: US Army Reserves Service Country: United States Rank: Major June 2005 to Present Currently servicing as a Brigade Signal Planner for 3rd Brigade, Atlantic Division, 84th Training Command located at Fort Dix, NJ. I have served in the following roles, Signal Platoon Leader, Company Commander, Operations Officer, and Plans Officer. Served in Operation Iraqi Freedom (OIF) in 2009-2010. Commendations: Meritorious Service Medal (MSM) Certifications/Licenses Certified Information Systems Auditor (CISA) November 2009 to Present Driver's License