IT Project Coordinator <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> Coordinator IT Project Coordinator - One Source Building Technologies Houston, TX Work Experience IT Project Coordinator One Source Building Technologies - Houston, TX June 2017 to Present Technologies: Windows Server, VMware, Citrix, C++, JavaScript, HTML, MySQL, Access  Acquire and apply knowledge of current and emerging IT practices, to include fundamental network concepts, client/server environments, and application support methodologies. Provide technical guidance, assistance, coordination and follow-up on customer queries. Gather customer and technology information to determine technical support level, elevate calls if required to appropriate support level. Troubleshoot hardware and software issues and provide apt resolutions. Inform customers of progress during the issue lifecycle and follow up in a timely manner.  * Manage key accounts including Earth Link and AT&T; resolve critical technical issues for key clients.  * Train and mentor junior staff on MOP (Method of Procedure) for the assignments.  * Analyze and verify the projects, ensure completion and close out the projects at the end of their lifecycle.  * Troubleshot and resolved over 600 tickets from key accounts till date and ensured profits over 45%.  * Assist the field engineers on technical issues with dmarcs, routers, switches and secure Wi-Fi. IT Support Specialist and Technical Account Manager Revention - Houston, TX June 2015 to June 2017 Technologies: Windows Server, VMware, routers/switches, Firewalls, PC Anywhere, Windows 7/8/8.1/10,  Managed key accounts, provided personalized training on the products, and ensured timely resolution of complex technical issues. Managed the call floor and ticket queue system and ensured the organization service level goals are met. Provided Tiler 2 technical support to end-users on proprietary software and applications including installation, basic usage and appropriate service level. Trained and mentored the Level 1 staff and reviewed their cases on a daily basis. Maintained updated knowledge of company products and services to better provide customer support and service solutions.  * Recognized and promoted to progressively challenging position from Tier 2 Technical Support to Technical Account Manager.  * Improved speed, reliability, and efficiency of computer operations by actively maintaining and repairing computer systems.  * Managed over 100 sites, troubleshot and provided solutions to over 50 complex technical issues in a month.  * Trained the customers on the usage of the new software, reducing redundancies and errors and increasing the customer onboarding rate by 30%.  * Provided elite customer service through responsive interfacing, problem assessment, prompt determination of corrective actions and comprehensive follow-up.  * Resolved query related technical issues by editing SQL 2008 and 2014. Managed and tracked customer accounts using CRM application.  * Installed, configured, troubleshot, maintained and supported routers, network operating systems, hardware, workstations, printers, scanners and drivers. Ensured operational capacity of stations is maintained. Education Bachelor of Business Administration in Management of Information Systems Prairie View A&M University - Prairie View, TX 2015 Skills TECHNICAL SUPPORT (3 years), VMWARE (3 years), CRM (2 years), CUSTOMER RELATIONSHIP MANAGEMENT (2 years), FIREWALLS (2 years) Certifications/Licenses CompTIA Server+ February 2018 to Present Additional Information QUALIFICATIONS PROFILE  Dedicated and innovative with related education, practicum, and experience to contribute to long-range operational objectives in an IT Support Specialist role.  • Software Solutions: Proven success diagnosing and resolving software issues. Hands-on experience patching and upgrading software applications and products to maximize productivity. Track record of matching business objectives to current and emerging technologies.  • Technical Support: Experience planning, installing, and configuring Software, Hardware and Network systems. Detailed knowledge of resource management and helpdesk environments. Highly adept in systems analysis diagnostics and troubleshooting and conflict resolution.  • System Security/Continuity: Talent for implementing security strategies backed by knowledge of processes to support information distribution. Proactive in preserving system integrity through backup and recovery strategies.  • Key Strengths: Excel at interfacing with customers, engineers, and management. Able to convey complex technologies to a variety of skill levels. Talent for quickly learning new information, procedures, and technologies. Exceptionally organized and able to multitask.  Core Technologies:  Environments: Linux, Windows 7/8/8.1/10; VMware,  Applications: MS Office (Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint), Symantec PC Anywhere, VMWare  Tools & Technologies: C/C++, Java, SQL, TCP/IP, VPN, LAN/WAN, Routers, Switches, Firewalls, Server  Proprietary Products: Revention Enterprise, Hungerrush, CRM, Salesforce, Phaseware