Research Intern - Iraq Research Intern - Iraq National Security Professional Washington, DC Early career National Security professional with demonstrable success in mission-oriented leadership, strategic and investigative thinking, and action-oriented initiative. In-depth research skills and analytical abilities developed in the federal government, academia, think tanks, and industry.    Seeking dynamic career opportunities in a federal agency, private company, or research organization in the defense and foreign affairs space that specializes in policy research and planning for national security customers.     Subject Matter Expertise includes Counterterrorism, Middle East Affairs, Open Source Intelligence Collection, Network Analysis, Project Management, Defense Planning, and developing National Security Strategy. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Research Intern - Iraq Institute for the Study of War - Washington, DC January 2019 to April 2019 • Give daily briefings on military activity and political events in Iraq and provide strategic analysis.  • Track and collect open source intelligence (OSINT) about Iraq by researching English and Arabic material, including news, social media, and official statements.  • Write a daily Commander's Critical Information Requirement (CCIR) report on significant actions and developments in Iraq for dissemination to defense and national security customers.  • Update and maintain a database of events, including counterterror operations, militia activity, and Iraqi political trends. Volunteer Intern, Defeat-ISIS Task Force Department of Defense / Pentagon - Arlington, VA October 2018 to December 2018 • Support the execution of U.S. national defense policy and strategy for the enduring defeat of ISIS.  • Compile trip books for SECDEF and A/ASD by gathering products and developing the structure of trip books.  • Conduct open source and classified research and analysis about defense policy issues related to the D-ISIS mission.  • Liaise with country desk officers to receive input and increase information-sharing to enhance long-term strategic planning.  • Interact with foreign coalition military attaches at strategy sessions and provide input on coalition direction when asked.  • Conduct a security review for the government prepublication review process and provide guidance on classified information and policy misstatements.    • Deepen my knowledge of DoD processes and interagency relationships. Research Intern, Center for Political-Military Analysis Hudson Institute - Washington, DC June 2018 to November 2018 • Evaluated, edited, and updated a monograph on the Collective Security Treaty Organization (CSTO).  • Researched and wrote reports on U.S. national security issues pertaining to Russia and China, including multilateral military exercises, diplomatic relations, and power projection in Central Asia and the Middle East.   • Updated literature on Germany’s Confidence-Building Measures (CBM) submission to the Biological Weapons Convention.   • Volunteered for public and private briefings and interact with visiting experts and representatives of the media. Simulated IMINT Analyst: Baltic Storm 2025 Crisis Simulation and War Game Waymark Intelligence Solutions, LLC & the Institute of World Politics - Washington, DC September 2018 to October 2018 Simulated the role of Imagery intelligence analyst on a ten-person Russian red team analyzing NATO strategic intentions and military movements during an intense, two-week crisis simulation and war game based on a Latvian crisis scenario.     Key Accomplishments:  · Applied data structuring methodologies and structured analytic techniques to solve complex analytic problems in a fast-paced crisis environment. Developed object-based and activity-based data schema to consolidate disparate, and often conflicting, intelligence from multiple sources across multiple stovepipes.  · Authored two intelligence assessments in bottom-line-up-front format and briefed these products to a simulated panel of senior decision-makers comprised of former PDB briefers, senior advisers, and members of the National Security Council.   · Leveraged intelligence acquired during simulation to develop creative and holistic policy solutions to a Russia-NATO crisis and successfully achieved strategic objectives. Data Projects Manager Spyder Web Enterprises - Paramus, NJ May 2018 to July 2018 Systematically analyze, redesign, and modify information systems to populate and clarify complex data sets for front-end user navigation and resolve outstanding back-end database issues.   Consult on the integration of contracts feature to streamline business processes, migration of web application architecture to responsive design (MVC) framework, and iterations of user interface design for IOS/Android Applications.   Develop an advertising campaign for social media platforms by creating multimedia content to increase user engagement and generate fresh web traffic.   Create and manage new pay-per-click digital advertising campaigns on social media platforms and monitor analytics output. Develop new and adjust existing social media channels to increase site traction. Junior Project Manager/Software Quality Assurance Analyst Spyder Web Enterprises - Paramus, NJ October 2015 to September 2017 Collaborate in an agile SaaS setting with key business and technology stakeholders to define project requirements and carry through to completion, including analyzing initial product design and offering customer-centric insight, writing precise test cases, enforcing compliance with product specifications, monitoring user acceptance of products, and contributing post-release support. Provided significant improvement to the end-user experience by predicting, locating, investigating, and documenting outstanding software issues, which improved software efficiency and improved time on site. Designed user-centered web pages and unique copywriting to accurately portray brand, value proposition, and industry-leading functionality. Streamlined legacy systems for multiple consumer-facing web and mobile platforms by initiating creative usability solutions for a globally diverse audience.     Key Accomplishments:  · Served as supervisory contact for member escalations and provided essential conflict resolution strategies and effectual communication tactics.  · Employed manual software testing methods to validate, verify, communicate, and resolve software defects to ensure consistent application functionality and design  · Analyze data for patterns and trends to advance brand trust with members and enhance website security by conducting threat evaluations and rapidly investigating, identifying and intercepting potential cyber criminals through consistent incident response and analysis by monitoring collected log files and blocking fraudulent activities and persons.   · Generated increased revenue and user acquisition by independently establishing business partnerships and friendly rapport through effective and positive communication with affiliate counterparts. IT Shift Supervisor/Technology Consultant William Paterson University IT Department - Wayne, NJ August 2013 to September 2015 Implemented clear communication and interdepartmental coordination to rapidly identify and troubleshoot computer and network systems. Managed operational duties of computer labs as well as offered troubleshooting assistance. Served as primary means of contact for equipment malfunction and service support. Provided training and mentoring to teams of Technology Consultants and maintained their compliance with enforced standards and regulations.     Key Accomplishments:  · Supervised and trained a team of 4-6 Technology Consultants.  · Significantly minimized the defect lifecycle of computer and network systems by quickly addressing systems errors.  · Managed the migration of print stations to new state-of-the-art technology that increased customer traffic and ease of doing business. Intern U.S. Department of State (DOS) - Washington, DC September 2019 Education Master's in Statecraft and National Security Affairs Institute of World Politics (IWP) - Washington, DC September 2018 to May 2020 None in International Relations American University of Armenia - Yerevan August 2017 to December 2017 Bachelor's in Political Science William Paterson University - Wayne, NJ September 2011 to January 2016 Skills Research (5 years), Communications (5 years), Project Management (3 years), Strategic Planning (2 years) Additional Information LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE    Student Ambassador  Institute of World Politics  Fall 2018 - Present, Washington D.C.     Selected by the Office of the President to represent the Institute of World Politics to the community through attendance and assistance at various events, including the graduate school open house for prospective students and the 2018 Chancellor’s Council Meeting where I greeted attendees from various government agencies, NGOs, and embassies, among others, and circulated with guests during the reception. Communicate with supporters of the school by working in conjunction with the Development Office to share the IWP experience and answer questions about the school.      Head Delegate and President  Model United Nations and Political Science Club  Fall 2012 - Fall 2015, Wayne, New Jersey     Managed the intake of new members, including overseeing the selection process, performing information interviews, and providing training of simulations and the regulations and rules that accompany them. Oversaw all logistical duties for the events, such as collecting funding paperwork, booking lodging and transportation, and ensuring a smooth transition to and from events. Drafted new and innovative constitution to establish and reinforce organization by-laws. Oversaw club meetings to assure maintained attendance and delegate responsibilities.      SKILLS & HONORS  • Language Skills: Limited Working Proficiency Arabic  • Recipient of the Academic Excellence and Service Award by the Department of Political Science (2016)  • Emerging Scholar Speaker selected by the Department of Political Science (2014)  • Outstanding Delegate award for role in Crisis Committee at Five College Model UN at Mt. Holyoke (2013)  • Pi Sigma Alpha Member (National Political Science Honor Society)    INTERNATIONAL EXPERIENCE    • American University of Armenia  International Relations, Yerevan, Armenia (August – December 2017); Study international Relations under the direction of adjunct lecturer and former spokesperson for Prime Minister Serzh Sargsyan, Dr. Hovhannes Nikoghosyna. Completed lengthy academic readings and wrote papers on Russia in the Middle East, the geopolitics of Slovakia, NATO expansion on the Adriatic Sea and Russia’s thwarted interference in Montenegro’s accession, and the costs and benefits of the Eurasian Economic Union (EU) for potential EU and NATO member-states. Studied culture, language, and history of Armenia. Additionally, made short trips to neighboring Georgia to better understand regional dynamics as well as the culture, history, and people of Georgia.     • World Youth Academy  International Security Policy Summit, (November 2017); Held in Vienna, Austria from 15th to 17th of November 2017 for students and young professionals of international security. The summit is powered by the World Youth Academy in cooperation with the Austrian Institute for European and Security Policy. Agenda topics included the OSCE, IAEA, UNODC, World Systems, and Violent Extremism.       • International Study Abroad (ISA)  Kingdom of Morocco, Meknes, Morocco (May – July 2014); Study Islamic Jurisprudence, Arab Political Movements, and the Arabic language while studying abroad in Morocco. Help build relations between American and Moroccan communities through cross-cultural communication at the learning center in Meknes, Morocco.