System Administrator System Administrator Greenville, NC * Over 14+ years of network infrastructure design, analyzing of workflow and developing streamline processes while troubleshooting production issues.  * Team Lead and Project management experience in both software cut over operations and Hardware Engineering project environments.  * Configuring VPNs for encrypted communication between small offices for remote employees. Coordinated and developed testing plans for multiple system integrations with newly configured VPN connections.  * Implementation of security policies using ACL, Firewall, IPSEC, SSL, VPN, IPS/IDS, AAA (TACACS+ & Radius). Perform security audits on perimeter routers. Strong cryptography experience.  * Co-Coordinated with System/Network administration on implementation for network devices (Cisco routers and switches) installations.  * Managed specific applications for data warehouse management and reporting configurations. Maintained technology device and user documentation and support logs.  * Extensive experience developing procedures, policies, technical manuals, software guides and instructions, executive briefings, presentations, and on-the-job training. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience System Administrator PAS USA Inc - Washington, NC October 2018 to May 2019 Daily operation of IT network and automation equipment including:    • Manage information technology and computer system.  • Plan, organize, control and evaluate IT and electronic data operations  • Manage IT staff by recruiting, training and coaching employees, communicating job expectations and appraising their performance  • Design, develop, implement and coordinate systems, policies and procedures  • Ensure security of data, network access and backup systems  • Act in alignment with user needs and system functionality to contribute to organizational policy  • Identify problematic areas and implement strategic solutions in time  • Audit systems and assess their outcomes  • Preserve assets, information security and control structures  • Handle annual budget and ensure cost effectiveness Senior Network Engineer Cummins Diesel Rocky Mount Engine Plant - Whitakers, NC July 2017 to May 2018 • Provides third level technical support for L2/L3 route switch technologies to our client's customers, partners, account teams, and other Technical Assistance Center engineers  • Implemented/Monitored/Managed SIEM system Solarwinds  • Provides technology/product training and intellectual property material as required  • Effectively utilizes moderate to complex lab setups to recreate and solve problems  • Submits complete and correct bug reports in area of expertise  • Interacts across technical teams and development teams at peer level  • Demonstrated proficiency in the following technologies: TCP/IP, Routing Protocols (OSPF, RIP, EIGRP, BGP), QoS, Multicast, MPLS  • Determined problems and delivered known solutions with a high level of customer satisfaction  • Determined root causes and resolutions for previously unknown problems Network Engineer II Datagroup Technologies Inc - Greenville, NC September 2016 to May 2017 • Maintain clientele on a senior level for hardware assessment, IT logistics and infrastructure.  • Create VPN tunnels for customers who have remote workers.  • Provide support, whether on-site or remotely, assessing the situation while working with customer to provide quality on time solutions for issues.  • Organize cutover processes for small business upgrading their managed IT services.  • Create on going file sharing detailed build tracking documentation on all customers for future upgrades, tracking inventory and to properly capture all information that makes their IT network operate.  • Recommended architectural improvements, design solutions and integration solutions.  • Trained junior members of IT team regarding network security and troubleshooting of data circuits. Recommended network security standards to management.  • Aligned office departments and increased inter-department communication and data sharing.  • Optimizing Microsoft Office web applications to streamline business continuity for clients. Network Security Engineer BB&T Corporate Information Security January 2016 to April 2016 • Provisioning, deployment, configuration, and administration of many different pieces of network- and security-related hardware and software including firewalls, routers, switches, various network monitoring tools, and VPNs (virtual private networks).  • Regularly perform network-based security risk assessments, and they occasionally help design new infrastructure solutions as a company expands or replaces its system architecture.  • Monitor and log security concerns and incidents, and generate reports and track performance.  • Maintain physical and code environment to protect servers, switches, and entire information technology ( IT) system while balancing overall load.  • Maintain firewall, virtual private network, web, and email security programs, protocols, and security.  • Accomplishments:  • Diagramed entire BB&T network w/ Subsidiaries and Affiliates with Visio.  • Diagramed Ingress/Egress points for security project.  • Implemented IDS network and endpoint protection with Websense. Sr. Systems Engineer III CG Consulting - Greenville, NC September 2013 to December 2015 * Designed, developed, and implemented new wireless infrastructure within their facility to maximize wireless connection for physician and nurse documentation.  * Consistently maintained secure 256 bit encrypted VPN tunnels between multiple offices. Per request for new offices, would build new tunnel.  * Developed "tip sheets" and "how-to's".  * Custom designed server specifically for Noah Audiology software used to configure patient's hearing aide's.  * Change Management: Remedy Change  * Remote access technology  * NAT, VPN, ACL CISCO router management software  * Network Analysis (Fluke tools, network analyzers, packet sniffers, diagnostic tools)  Carolina Breast Imaging Center, Greenville, NC  * Assisted Mammography radiologists with desktop integration between Hologic (Mammo specific) workstations and Epic working appropriately.  * As the integration consultant, was able to troubleshoot many issues with the radiologist's workstations and configured, tested, and implemented new functional integration for dictation between Hologic, Powerscribe, and Epic.  Mac Jones III, D.D.S. Family Dentistry, Washington, NC  * Project managed a cutover plan and process to sunset one medical record documentation system to their current EMR.  * Personal configuration of two servers for their new software with integration between all satellite offices for maximum interoperability.  * Set-up display monitors for patient satisfaction so they could view their treatment in real-time.  Charles A. Rice, CPA, P.A., Farmville, NC  * Built detailed configuration for their business server and developed the cutover and implementation plan  * Backed up all current software with complete data before cutover.  * Managed all back up cloud data information while informing the customer of any issues. Project Lead/Sr. System Security Team Manager Sandoz Pharmaceuticals - Wilson, NC January 2011 to October 2012 * Managed up to 10 team members in acquisition to integrate Citrix software for thin clients, Panasonic Toughbook, and smart boards and Zebra Printers  * Designed local network infrastructure in their production environment and kept team members on task for on time project planning.    Sr. Security Team Leader/III Systems Engineer  * Managed on average 450 end users daily depending upon current production activity.  * Monitored updates, issues, and errors for Windows servers, Lotus notes, Nortel PBX, and Cisco routers and switches.  * Could actively respond to any hardware issue and readily implement, configure, and deploy new hardware when needed. Systems Engineer/ Security Systems Engineer Maybank Systems Inc - Charleston, SC September 2009 to September 2010 * Developed new workflow procedures for already existing software by doing site analysis for large Maybank clients in the Charleston, SC area.  * Scheduled and performed PM on software and hardware either onsite on remotely.  * Maintained Maybank's server exchange and email hosting services IT Manager Jolin Enterprises, Inc - Charleston, SC August 2008 to January 2009 * Managed the daily operations of over 200 workstations within their network.  * Project lead of maintaining and upgrading equipment at 38 different stores and offices. Software included Windows 2003 Servers, Windows XP workstations, VPN, Remote Desktop, Veritas backup system and custom batch scripts, desktop security, and PC Imaging software.  * Hardware included all major brands PC's, LAN/WAN equipment, most major brand printers, and UPS. Installed and maintained CCTV surveillance systems at 42 locations. All locations were spread out from Charleston to Myrtle Beach and Lake City. Tested and evaluated potential software for company-wide upgrades. Education BS in Information and Computer Technology in Information Security East Carolina University - Greenville, NC 2006 Associate of Applied Science in Networking Technology Edgecombe Community College - Tarboro, NC 2002 Skills Cisco, Nexus, BGP, Network Administration, SQL, Vmware, Customer Service, Disaster Recovery Certifications/Licenses CompTIA A+ June 2005 to Present CompTIA Pentest+ April 2018 to Present