CEO/ Project Manager CEO/<span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> CEO/ Project Manager - THE HORTON GROUP LLC Brooklyn, NY Business Analyst IHC, Risk, IT, Compliance Enterprise-Wide Data Sourcing  Project Charters, BRDs, FSDs, Test Strategies and UAT Guidance Credit Risk, CCAR, Basel III, DFA Regulatory Experience Excel, Access, ALM, SQL, Project, Visio, SharePoint, Quality Center, JIRA Work Experience CEO/ Project Manager THE HORTON LLC - New York, NY November 2018 to Present Application of various project management skills from both an agile and waterfall methodology in conjunction with various corporate sponsors such as, but not limited to Revolt TV, Twix, Starbucks and other finance firms  ? Scum master responsible for the management and implementation of various epics and stories from both a functional, marketing and IT perspective  ? Subject matter expert for the following project management applications: SharePoint, MS Project, MS Office, Lotus and Visio.  ? Agile backlog, sprint, story and epic management using JIRA confluence  ? Management of the SDLC project life cycle for various efforts within the digital marketing and finance sectors Founder & President SUIT DREAMS May 2011 to Present Founded 501 (c) 3 nonprofit Suit Dreams (www.suit dreams.org) to combat the social and academic disparities plaguing young urban males  ? Awarded "Chancellors Alumni Achievement Award" for work with Suit Dreams Program Manager (PMO) Contractor WMA IT Corporate Center - Weehawken, NJ June 2018 to November 2018 Agile scrum master leading effort in conjunction with Google Apigee in managing entire API application overhaul for WMA IT  ? Plan the rollout of implemented technical delivery of tooling to the stakeholder community  ? Led projects throughout the project life cycle and effectively interact with multiple stakeholders  ? Provided documentation of processes and business requirements, and work with stakeholders on prioritization  ? Created and maintained the project schedule/ project plan by working with the core team members to provide input on key tasks, milestones, and dependencies  ? Prepared status reporting and communication documentation to satisfy governance requirements  ? Conducted requirement gathering activities using a variety of internal and external data and conducting end user interviews  ? Created and maintained a consolidated list of issues and risks and review with project team on a recurring basis to help drive to closure  ? Scheduled and led meaningful project status meetings including previous accomplishments, upcoming activities, issues/risks, financial information, and any change requests; highlight risks to delivery  ? Translated complex topics into diagrams and documentation using standard tools Senior Project Manager Contractor , Global Model Validation & Governance DEUTSCHE BANK - New York, NY January 2017 to December 2017 Management of SharePoint administration for all model attestation for WMA IT  ? Production of bi-weekly resource and budget reporting using Excel pivot table v lookup macros in order to effectively develop comprehensive documentation for both PMO and the Risk Governance team  ? Workstream lead for Interest Rate Risk to the Banking Book (IRB) models managing weekly reporting, risk/issues and gap escalations  ? Implementation of core compliance protocols and rick compliance policies in accordance with regulatory reform industry  standards  ? Subject matter expert and owner of selected front to end model risk governance aspects across the US operations, including  coordination of the model inventory process, coordination of model risk reporting and stakeholder training/management in regards to the model risk governance framework including policies and committee structures  ? Model Risk Governance for the US region in accordance to SR 11-7, OCC 2011-12 and SR 15-18  ? Management of regional model inventory process, own and maintain respective parts of model inventory and together with Global Model Validation and Governance (GMVG) model validation functions as well as model owners and developers establish a model validation plan including ongoing status tracking  ? Compile model risk reports for the entity and across risk types aggregating model usage, model validation findings and remediation actions  ? Provide comprehensive stakeholder management for tracking/escalation regarding model risk governance related regulator  initiatives and remediation actions as well as for ongoing training  ? Execute effective project management across multiple programs and initiatives run in parallel, identify and leverage  intersections to efficiently track program status to ensure timely and appropriate deliverables  ? Enhance internal relationships when communication model risk governance and related model validation aspects across all levels of the organization including senior management and front office, quantitative functions, risk managers and finance controller stakeholders Senior Project Manager Contractor , CCAR Business Management HSBC - New York, NY January 2016 to April 2016 Management of key initiatives to ensure compliance with rule 613 of the CAT NMS Plan including, but not limited to, audit rule overhaul effort.  ? Application of BCBS 239 principals including, but not limited to, governance, accuracy and completeness.  ? Primary liaison between PMO/key workstream stakeholders and CCAR central steering committee (including CFO) ensuring data quality for all weekly program updates for CCAR executive group (CEG), FED and Board meetings  ? Primary liaison between CCAR model owners, Internal Model Review (IMR) and Audit ensuring the timely delivery of remediation assurance attestation  ? Primary liaison between IT developers and business resources ensuring the comprehensive disseminating of vital Functional Requirements Document attributes and instructions including, but not limited to Oracle and SQL  ? Development of CCAR submission project plan, using Microsoft Project, currently leveraged key stakeholders across a workstreams  ? Development of discussion materials for multiple internal (Board, CFO, CCAR Steering Committee) and external (FED)  audiences  ? Review and challenge of primary model documentation submissions for the delivery of RMO closure packs Project Manager Contractor , Risk & Change BARCLAYS CAPITAL - New York, NY June 2015 to December 2015 Analysis of risk sensitivities in order to ensure accurate requirement development in order to ensure compliance with FR Y-14Q mandates  ? Conducted portfolio analysis in order to identify in scope data sets to be leveraged during CCAR FR Y-14Q stress testing  ? Gap analysis, risk and issues monitoring and audit finding mitigation for FR Y-14A (9Q Projections) and FR Y-14Q (iShock)  ? Development of Controls Business Requirements Documentation ensuring optimal data quality in end to end processing for CCAR risk schedule reports FR Y-14A (9Q Projections) and FR Y-14Q (iShock)  ? Management of the development of the Global Market Shock (GMS) iShock CCAR annual stress testing end to end Target  ? Operating Model (TOM) ensuring review and sign off from all key stakeholders including, but not limited to, Risk  ? Management, Front Office Information Technology, Product Control and IB Middle Office  ? Project Manager delivering weekly PMO reporting containing pertinent data including, but not limited to RAG status, key accomplishments, budget forecasting and risk/issues tracking  ? Development and management of comprehensive Agile User Stories for the iShock CCAR program, ensuring the effective  environment build by IT Business Analyst Contractor, Risk & Compliance BNP PARIBAS - New York, NY December 2014 to February 2015 Coordination with BNPP subsidiaries Bank of the West and First Hawaiian Bank in order to present investment bank business requirements and to gather unique requirements on a subsidiary level to enable comprehensive reporting on an IHC level.  ? Identification of key system data elements to be sourced by IHC tool in order to enable accurate reporting in compliance with FBO mandate Vice President, Risk & Compliance BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON - New York, NY October 2013 to November 2014 Management of the processing of the entire credit agreement using a deal-facility-outstanding structure using the Loan IQ application  ? Management of UAT testing through SQL query analysis, test case scenarios and defect tracking leveraging JIRA tool Project Manager Contractor Asset Servicing May 2013 to October 2013 Liaison between program work stream and legal/risk to ensure marketing/training content was compliant/approved for internal and external dissemination to BNYM relationship managers and clients respectively Business Analyst, Controllers Finance JP MORGAN CHASE & CO - Jersey City, NJ December 2010 to September 2012 Developed Project Charter, Financial Requirements and Test Strategy documents in accordance with enterprise release regulations, through active communication with business, technology, legal, compliance, and information security stakeholders Tax Analyst Contractor DEPOSITORY TRUST & CLEARING CORPORATION - New York, NY December 2009 to April 2010 LEADERSHIP Education BA DePauw University - Greencastle, IN September 2005 to December 2009 Skills Pmo, Jira, Sql, Sap, G/l, Business requirements, Microsoft office, Windows 2000, Scheduling, Outlook, budget, Estimating, Maintenance Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS   General Skills  Project Chartering  Business Requirements  PMO Support  VLOOKUP    Software Packages  Microsoft Office  HP Quality Center  Clarity  JIRA    Operating Systems  Windows 2000/XP/Vista/7  Business Applications  SAP G/L  SQL