Senior Project Manager Senior <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Senior Project Manager - Keefe Commissary Saint Peters, MO Infrastructure Project Manager with a strong focus on customer service. Work Experience Senior Project Manager Keefe Commissary - St. Louis, MO September 2015 to Present Regional Project Manager for the Ohio region. Responsible for all projects in OH, MI, WV, and half of NY and PA. Responsible for the implementation of computer networks, hardware and software systems in correctional facilities.  Senior Project Manager    ? Mentored junior project managers  ? Piloted new project management processes    Project Manager  ? Managed projects valued between $50,000 and $100, XXX  ? Managed projects coordinating 8 to 10 teams consisting of 3 to 5 members  ? Managed 5 to 10 active projects with average of 30 project backlog Project Manager First Data - Omaha, NE December 2014 to April 2015 Project Manager for a global financial services corporation headquartered in Omaha, NE. Responsible for the migration of Interactive Voice Response applications from Periphonics to Genesys. Coordinated internal and external resources. Conducted weekly implementation status update meetings.  ? Managed projects valued at $50,000 and above ? Managed projects coordinating 3 teams consisting of of 7-12 people  ? Managed 3 active projects with a 10 project backlog Acting Project Coordinator ( IT Help Desk Analyst) The Gund Company - Overland, MO August 2012 to April 2014 Acted as IT coordinator for a manufacturer of electrical insulation materials located in Overland, Mo. Responsible for supporting 7 remotes national and international sites. Coordinated IT purchases and scheduled and prioritized IT support requests. Created internal IT documentation.  ? Increased support desk efficiency by optimizing end user onboarding process reducing time required from 2 days to 4 hours  ? Reduced equipment purchase costs by 20% by researching and negotiating with a new vendor  ? Reduced annual cell phone costs 20% by eliminating over $9,000 dollars in fees for unused or redundant devices Help Desk Analyst RehabCare - Clayton, MO February 2011 to November 2011 Help Desk Analyst for a large health rehabilitation provider formerly headquartered in Clayton, MO. Responsible for supporting over with approximately 1800 therapy locations. Coordinated and provided oversight for remote facilities DSL installations. Trained end users in the use of custom software applications. Provided technical support for IT equipment at remote facilities.  ? Resolved technical issues for remote sites so that clinicians could better focus on patients  ? Coordinated the installation of high speed internet for multiple sites  ? Provided mentoring for junior analysts IT Support specialist Pretium Packaging - Chesterfield, MO May 2009 to January 2011 IT support specialist for a leading plastic container company headquartered in Chesterfield, MO. Responsible for supporting over 300 plus end users located across nine remote sites. Developed and trained onsite point of contact for each facility to reduce call volumes and to increase efficiency. Standardized and simplified print services across the enterprise.  ? Managed the installation of a $10,000 six person call center  ? Standardized PC and printer configurations across enterprise increasing help desk efficiency by 30% to 40%  ? Implemented single point of contact for remote facilities reducing support calls by 60% Education B.S. in Management Information Systems Maryville University - St. Louis, MO Skills PMP, Project Management, PM, Scheduling, Estimating, Outlook, Maintenance, Word, Customer Service Certifications/Licenses PMP Project Management Professional (PMP) Groups Toastmasters PMI