Technical Support Technical Support Securities Technician/Repair tech - Self Employed Hackensack, NJ Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Technical Support Phelps Hospital - Sleepy Hollow, NY March 2017 to Present For this project I was contracted to Northwell Hospital for their merger and acquisition of Phelps Hospital. The scope of the project was support for a Microsoft Exchange account migration and Office 365 OWA account migration. Securities Technician/Repair tech Self Employed November 2016 to February 2017 Since the collapse of Rapide Group, many companies they serviced still have needs for security systems and repairs. I still keep in contact with a few of them and have filled the void left by that company. Project Manager/Migration Desktop Support Lead November 2015 to November 2016 For this project, I was contracted to Societe Generale for their global merger with Newedge Group. The focus of the project was the integration of Newedge employees to the rules, hardware, and applications of the Societe Generale system. I oversaw the planning, execution, and end user services for over 700 users in the North American offices of the firm including New York, New Jersey, Chicago, Montreal, and Toronto. In doing so I trained and maintained migration teams in these cities to carry out the migrations.    My duties included:    • Reporting KPIs to multiple layers of management  ? Global Project Management  ? Local and Regional End user services  ? Paris Main Office  • Remediation, planning, execution, documentation and training for multiple areas of the project  ? Internal and External Applications  ? Network  ? Data/Storage  ? Escalation Structure and chain of command  • Travel to Jersey, New York, and Chicago offices to set up workspaces for migration teams  • Scheduling staff and user migrations  • Planning a cooperation with managers in different business lines to determine appropriate needs for their teams  • Decommissioning and repurposing of old hardware  • Allocation of new hardware Senior Technician Rapide Group LLC May 2015 to November 2015 As the senior technician for Rapide Group, I am responsible for 6 other techs and their supervisior. Along with the physical work I have to do, I am accountable for meeting deadlines, keeping up customer relations, and support.    • Installation/repair for IP and analog cameras/dvr systems  • Installation/repair for network devices (modems, routers, switches)  • Low voltage work Managed Service Tech Protected Harbor January 2015 to March 2015 Worked as a traveling IT consultant to many different kinds of clients.  • Deal School District  • Woodcliff Lake School District  • Alan Pressman Dentistry  • Ashar School District  • Bedemco  • Kamke  • MDI Consultants  • Youth (Non-Profit)  • Create (Non-Profit)  • And many more  As a consultant, my duties ranged from:  • Installing and maintaining servers  • Installing and maintaining computers both Windows and Mac  • Installing and maintaining printers, routers, switches, scanners, and wifi  • Setting up New Jersey Schools for PARCC testing  • Acronis back up    During my time with Protected Harbor, I traveled all over NJ, NY, and CT. Working with an overseas team, my fellow techs and I worked together to serve the needs of businesses and schools in a 2015 technological environment. Lead Project Coordinator Peak Systems, Inc July 2013 to August 2014 Responsible for nightly migrations, including responsibility for position work listed below.  • Responsible for delegation of tasks to other project coordinators  • Provided updates and reports for nightly migrations (600+ migrations)  • Managed tickets sent to migration team via SNOW (ticketing system) Project Coordinator/Desktop Support Peak Systems, Inc - New York, NY June 2012 to August 2014 This multi-year project assignment was sub-contracted from UBS through Hewlett Packard. The project involved upgrading 50,000+ user desktops in North America, ranging from developers' to traders' workstations. During the project, I was promoted from daily migration and support role to a lead project coordinator, responsible for increasing successful upgrade rates and user satisfaction/productivity while reducing user downtime. Project Coordinator Peak Systems, Inc February 2013 to July 2013 North America Global Rollout Command Center "GRCC")  • Responsible for planning, coordination, and installation of Windows 7 on desktops  • Note: Due to complexity and upgrading/testing for sensitive trading and developer workstations, each machine is scheduled to convert over an 18 day period.  • Responsible for multiple tech support teams in the region  • Responsible for fact checking, error resolution process leading up to conversion, resulting in reduced time to upgrade and increased percentage of successful upgrades. IT Support Tech Peak Systems, Inc June 2012 to February 2013 Installation of Windows 7 on XP machines.  • Daily support for users migrated to Windows 7 and escalation of application issues to appropriate teams. IT Support Tech MPL Systems, Inc - Clifton, NJ November 2009 to 2011 - on site support for clients including Goldman Sachs, Bloomberg, Jefferies, Devry Institute, Hartford Insurance, and Reed)  • Provided IT phone support to client employees with hardware and software issues  • Responsible for troubleshooting all Vista, XP, and Windows 7 operating system issues  • Responsible for upgrading Memory, HDs, Video Cards and Processors  • Provided onsite support and cloning on over 1000 devices (XP, Vista, Windows 7)  • Set up Switch Boxes with up to 4 computers and 8 monitor single setups  • Responsible for deploying, decommissioning, and repairing laptops and desktops    Note: Worked on Goldman Sachs' account for 6 months, during corporate headquarters move from 85 Broad St. to 200 West St. in New York City. Assignment included trading floor moves involving 600+ traders each weekend. Education certification Lincoln Technical Institute - Paramus, NJ September 2009 to 2010 leadership numerous school events 2007 to 2010 General education Bergen Community College - Paramus, NJ September 2008 to March 2009 Valley Forge Military Academy - Wayne, PA 2002 to 2006 Skills Microsoft Office (8 years), Office365 (2 years), Lotus Notes (1 year), Active Directory (4 years), Service Now (3 years), Fidessa (1 year), POS (2 years), Thompson Reuters (2 years), Active Directory (4 years), Windows Xp (8 years), Windows 7 (6 years), Windows 8 (3 years), Windows 10 (2 years), OSX (2 years), Android (4 years), Exchange Server (3 years), Office 2007 (4 years), Office 2013 (4 years) Awards Eagle Scout 2005-05 Certifications/Licenses A+ Certified May 2010 to Present