IT Project Coordinator <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> Coordinator IT Project Coordinator Work Experience IT Project Coordinator Johnson Controls - Milwaukee, WI November 2018 to April 2019 • Worked in conjunction with Identity Access Management team under Manager to track and trace initiatives in the Account and User Provisioning teams in Microsoft Planner  • Created Dashboard in Planner to track tasks, create tasks related to timeline, scope, stakeholders and phase gates.  • Schedule and monitor status of initiatives, create meetings, take meeting notes, make agendas.  • Report updates to leadership to keep initiatives and work in alignment with goals for the Fiscal Year calendar and to ensure that goals are being met in a timely manner  • Office 365 proficient  • Power BI dashboard for reporting Business Systems Consultant Wells Fargo - Milwaukee, WI January 2018 to September 2018 Responsible for planning and controlling the movement of Unix server releases to test and live environments. Primary objective is to ensure that the integrity of the live environment is protected and that the correct components are released.  ? Determine if asset is ready to be aligned for Unix and OS patching maintenance via Service Mgmt tool and Change Record preparedness and maintenance standards  ? Schedule server events for maintenance planners and engineers via deployment maintenance tol and send notifications for approvals to stakeholders  ? Patch testing done monthly in test environments to ensure all vulnerabilities are remediated prior to freeze periods.  ? Part of the Project team responsible for automating FW in HPSA tools - added on to assist the team with finding available assets to schedule and create change records and monitor the results for leadership to review Process Coordinator (Infrastructure and Enterprise Change Management) Northwestern Mutual - Milwaukee, WI May 2015 to May 2017 May 2015 - May 2017  ? Coordinate change records and with the change owners in our Infra domain to mediate risk to business  ? Facilitate and run weekly Infra Change Control Board meetings  ? Run reports in Business Objects to maintain MAR Audit controls for the Enterprise  ? Approve and deny change records for the business after risk mitigation and business requirements are met  ? Run and facilitate weekly Enterprise Deployment Control Board meetings (DCAB)  ? Work across functions and/or departments to understand the needs of the business, facilitating relationships between business clients and technical resources  ? Demonstrated flexibility to adjust to changing business needs by effectively managing and prioritizing large or complex concurrent assignments IT Support Technician Brookdale Senior Living Corporate - Milwaukee, WI February 2014 to May 2015 Providing training for Service Desk agents  ? Level two and three troubleshooting i.e. network and server towers  ? Created knowledge documentation for Service Desk agents  ? Handled escalated voicemails and emails to company via technical solutions line and VIP line Systems Administrator Configuration Management Kohl's Department Stores - Menomonee Falls, WI February 2013 to February 2014 February 2013 - February 2014  ? Created Knowledge Base documentation for Help Desk associates  ? Administration for CMDB and ADDM  ? Attended weekly change reviews meetings with Service Delivery Managers and Project Managers to document system changes and impact to Help Desk procedures  ? Communicated system changes and updates to Service Desk associates BMC Remedy Incident Manager Kohl's Department Stores - Menomonee Falls, WI January 2011 to February 2013 contracted through TEKsystems) - Menomonee Falls, WI  IS-Enterprise Operations Center  January 2011 - February 2013  ? Experience using Windows XP & Windows 7, MS Office 2010, BMC Remedy Incident Manager, Service Now Management Suite, Tivoli Identity Manager, Tivoli Integrated Portal, Active Directory, Lotus Notes, Gmail (Enterprise), Cisco Anyconnect Secure Mobility Client (VPN), RSA Security Console (Tokens), Clarity, Knowledgeworks, Citrix, Kronos, Oracle PeopleSoft and Share Point  ? Monitored phone/voice mail queues for technical, policy and procedural questions from Store, Corporate, and DC associates.  ? Responded to 40-60 incoming calls per shift  ? Assisted teams by entering and assigning incidents for tracking and record keeping purposes.  ? Provided level 1 support for Store associates with pricing/sales floor signing questions and problems involving store systems including pocket PCs: pocket printers, laser jet, thermal and multifunctional printers, and computer workstations.  ? Provided level 1 support for Corporate Associates with remote system access support and hardware systems including desktop workstations, laptops, laptop docking stations, desktop monitors and multifunction printers.  ? Assisted associates throughout the Kohl's with password resets, software access difficulties/requests and software performance issues.  ? Worked with level 2 teams for additional troubleshooting and/or follow-up when needed