Virtual Technical Support Virtual Technical Support Picayune, MS Obtain a position that will enable me to use my strong communication skills, technical skills, and my ability  to work well with people. Maintain quality, accuracy, and professionalism in a fast-paced environment.  Looking to excel and build a career. Work Experience Virtual Technical Support Conduent - Picayune, MS November 2018 to June 2019 Provides answers to clients by identifying problems; researching answers then guiding clients through corrective steps.  § Handles multiple computer applications at once.  § Navigates search engines for downloading music and other web-based applications.  § Diagnosis hardware/software faults and solving technical problems, over the phone.  § Experienced in resolving complex customer service issues. Field Technician-Insight Global IT Project Atlanta, GA January 2017 to November 2018 Services and deploys computer equipment.  § Operates a company vehicle with another skilled worker.  § Collects data and follows verbal and written commands and instructions.  § Follows daily inspection; routine and start up procedure.  § Logs pertinent information electronically and provides observation reports.  § Troubleshoots, maintains, and monitors internal SSD drives.  § Identifies and reports network problems involving tablets, cellphones, and hard drives. Technical Support Computer Generated Solutions - Dunwoody, GA January 2016 to January 2017 • Installs & configures company's computer hardware operating systems and applications.  • Recognizes when a customer's problems should be escalated to the next level for resolution  following established protocols.  § Maintains up-to-date knowledge of products and customer entitlement options to provide  prosper information to customers.  • Improves system performance by identifying problems; recommending changes.  • Refines client references by writing and maintaining documentation. Leasing Assistant Property Manager The Lynd Company - Houston, TX August 2015 to January 2016 Attracts new prospects, showing the community, and closing the sale. (Often used double-close  technique.)  § Organizes and executed all marketing ideas for renewals and new leases. Maintains the process of the office and all leasing paper work. Strong sources of marketing implied. Rent Posting &  processing final account statements/SODA.  § Closing leasing ratio: 9 of 10, Delinquency closing ratio: $1250 (Real-page/ Onesite), 460 units. Collections Representative Chase Receivables - Houston, TX October 2012 to August 2015 Receives incoming calls and outgoing calls.  § Successfully completes 40-50 calls per shift.  § Performs data entry and determine the issues by evaluating and analyzing the symptoms.  § Exercises good decision-making skills to review information, issue payments and collect payments. Education Diploma Picayune Memorial High School - Picayune, MS May 2000 to May 2004 Skills Technical support, Lan/wan, Sap, Help desk, Customer service, Typing, 35 wpm, Written and verbal, Lan, Microsoft office, Mac, Mac os, Problem solving