Technical Project Manager (Consultant) Technical <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> (Consultant) Technical Project Manager | Systems Administrator | BRM Kansas City, MO Top-performing leader in IT Project Management with 10+ years of experience administrating and deploying IT services for Fortune 500 companies in the Global Defense and Healthcare sectors. Consistent results as a change  agent and effective problem solver with competent ability to optimize system portfolios and staff operations by spearheading service delivery projects designed to generate revenue, reduce costs, and streamline processes. Track  record of creative discovery of actionable results with proven aptitude to lead organized, cross-functional teams.  VALUE OFFERED  ? Strong Business Acumen ? Logical Problem Solving ? Service Delivery Management ? Independent Task Analysis  ? Servant Leadership ? Expense & Risk Management ? Written and Oral Communication  ? Mission Command Training Program ? Linux System Administration Work Experience Technical Project Manager (Consultant) KOCH BUSINESS SOLUTIONS - Kansas City, MO 2019 to Present Kansas City, MO, 2019  Business consulting and information technology services. KBS offers finance, human resources, facilities, real estate and other services primarily for Koch Industries and subsidiaries.    Technical Project Manager    Responsible for the overall direction, planning, coordination, execution and completion of a project to achieve desired outcomes and goals. Managed expectations of multiple customers and stakeholders, communicating project status, reporting and logistical support. Collaborator with the ability to solve problems and escalate projects issues to appropriate level. Client-driven and able to communicate effectively, knowledgeable with multiple infrastructure areas and easily adapts to learning different technologies. Consistently use creativity, and good judgement to effectively navigate project execution.  • Managed the planning and execution of complex technical projects for multiple companies in the energy,  chemical and manufacturing sectors.  • Assisted in developing project estimates and plans to manage the end-to-end project execution.  • Ensured client requirements and capture accurately and completely  • Tracked project deliverables using Planview work and resource management software.  • Simultaneously managed 7-12 individual technical project day-to-day activities, including coordination of projects based on sponsor's expectations while ensuring PMO standards are adhered to.  • Tracked and report project status to stakeholders and managed project issues and risks appropriately.  • Monitored projects on an ongoing basis, evaluating progress against quality, scope, costs, and schedule.  • Promoted a culture of strict adherence to privacy and general compliance philosophy and ensure that  information security risk is continuously assessed on all assigned projects.  • Effectively created and led project teams. Motivated teams to work together in an efficient manner. IT Business Relationship Manager CERNER CORPORATION WHQ - Kansas City, MO 2017 to 2017 Kansas City, MO, 2017  International health care IT corporation, specializing in providing complete systems for hospitals and other medical organizations to manage and integrate all electronic medical records, physician order entries, and financial reporting.    Business Relationship Manager    Represented business at the executive level as strategic partner, providing transparency to drive down costs and aiding in ideation and development of continuous process improvement. Facilitated meetings with stakeholders and vendors  to drive a cross-organizational collaborative focus. Assisted HR with HRIS upgrades. Partnered with internal Finance  team to improve change management deliverables for supply chain while serving as IT liaison for corporate properties.  Coordinated multiple projects simultaneously in various stages of completion. Engaged business stakeholders in forecasting technical roadmaps, strategy, and cadence for project optimization.  • Managed RFx process and implementation for aligned businesses resulting in procurement of four major  software upgrades in one year.  • Maintained stakeholder satisfaction across functional alignment, managing the largest stakeholder alignment  in the organization and restructuring alignment six months ahead of projection with 100% client retention.  • Developed 2017-2018 global roadmap initiatives utilizing KPI, data reporting, and risk analysis.  • Facilitated a platform for project managers and business analysts to collaborate during daily and weekly  collaborative meetings, increasing the number of projects in-flight by 150%.  • Advised seven separate Small Business Units (SBUs) concurrently, covering every organization and business  unit within Cerner.  • Created metric driven goals to improve upon a time project delivery greater than 90%.  • Coordinated Pre- Project kick-off by collaborating with aligned business units and prospective vendors, guiding  the finance navigation process and reconciling capital/expense planning for finance review and approval.  • Provided insight at the cabinet level for $440M+ in annual technology, infrastructure, and properties expenses.  • Rotated offices across three campuses in the Kansas City Metro area on a weekly basis to meet 1:1 with corporate Presidents, VPs, and Sr. Directors to address business needs. Systems Administrator II | Technical Project Manager NORTHROP GRUMMAN 2010 to 2016 Maintained operation of multi-user computer systems as Lead Administrator and IT Project Manager. Interacted with users and evaluated vendor products. Performed capacity and disaster recovery planning, system security operations, and software beta testing. Developed and monitored infrastructure, automated workflow through engineering collaboration, and designed the overall production system architectures. Worked with a coalition of defense contractors, Armed Forces Personnel, and Department of the Army Civilians to provide full spectrum operations training support for senior commanders and their staff to ensure mission-driven success in any environment.    • Established a global technical deployment team to increase system engineer productivity through technical training and process improvement, creating a 50% reduction in configuration through automation.  • Managed a team of eight system engineers and systems administrators, developing and deploying software  solutions for US Army Mission Command Training Program Warfighter exercises.  • Managed the relationships between multiple vendors including Dell, Hewlett-Packard, Ricoh, Seagate, APC and others primarily contracted with the government for hardware solutions.  • Maintained and configured systems including Dell precision 7910, Dell R5500, Dell PowerEdge 2950, and Dell PowerEdge 2900 servers.  • Demonstrated a solid technical foundation and aptitude to learn modern technologies with extensive  experience supporting exercises in the continental United States, Europe and the Pacific Rim.  • Established a dynamic technical team that increased productivity and reduced the time required for setup and configuration by 30%, co-authoring semi-annual revisions of standard operating procedure. Systems Administrator I NORTHROP GRUMMAN 2008 to 2010 Coordinated staff activities for technical pre-deployment briefings and directed product backlog for Geographic  Information Systems, Command and Control Systems, Logistic Support Database, Excel, and PowerPoint.  • Managed scheduled software updates to all relevant systems and served as member of development team Audio Visual Production Technician Cubic Defense Applications - Fort Leavenworth, KS 2007 to 2008 CUBIC DEFENSE APPLICATIONS, Fort Leavenworth, KS, 2007 - 2008  Providing networked Command, Control, Communications, Computers, Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance  capabilities for defense, intelligence, security, and commercial missions.  AV Production Technician  Initiated, coordinated, and supervised all aspects of media production for the Army combat training center. Filmed and produced real world tactical training and strategic training events. Developed creative digital signage with a strong  dedication to positive customer support. Maintained high standards of installation across existing resources.  • Produced and distributed digital media products for Division and Corps-level war-fighter exercises with all products directly involving high ranking government officials and Army officers, including the Chief of Staff.    TECHNICAL SKILLS & TRAINING  JIRA Agile Scout RFP SalesForce Concur Microsoft Dynamics Office 360  Red Hat Enterprise Linux Environments Red Hat Enterprise Systems Administrator  Remedy and Navigator ITSM Experience Adobe Premiere Pro - Photoshop - Creative Suite  AWS Enterprise Support CompTIA Certified Security+ CE Microsoft Systems Administrator  United States Army Mission Command Training Program  Collaborative Relations with DoD IT Contractors & Healthcare IT - 12 years  Enterprise-Level Linux System Administration  Dell & HP - Hardware Platforms - Programming - Project Management - 11 years Education Business Administration | Project Management DEVRY UNIVERSITY September 2004 to June 2006 Skills Outlook, Estimating, budget, Maintenance, Scheduling, Word, Customer Service, Sales