Store Manager Store <span class="hl">Manager</span> Spring Hill, FL My goal is to obtain a position with an organization that can utilize my communication, critical thinking, teamwork and project management skills that I have obtained through my education, extracurricular activities and prior work experiences. Work Experience Store Manager Slayton Wireless - Ocala, FL October 2017 to Present Responsible for sales, employee scheduling, location & facilities management. Served as right-hand to District Manager; wrote copy material for intra-company groups, social media platforms, and internal memos. Administrative Assistant Metro Fences LLC - Hudson, FL April 2015 to October 2017 Responsibilities  • Responsible for incoming calls and managing customer schedule.  • First point of contact for customers and liaison between customers and management. Reception / IT Support / Project Manger Contractors Institute - Hudson, FL March 2016 to September 2017 High School Drama Teacher Westside High School - Jacksonville, FL October 2014 to January 2015 Document Scanning Agent Enhanced Recovery Company LLC - Jacksonville, FL March 2014 to October 2014 Responsible for incoming and outgoing correspondence.  ? Responsible for quality control and made sure tasks were carried out in accordance to federal regulations Crew Member Wendy's of Florida - Jacksonville, FL May 2013 to February 2014 Dealt with many customers on a daily basis.  ? Responsible for quality control and customer relations. Technician Jacksonville University - Jacksonville, FL August 2010 to April 2013 Maintained cinematographic equipment.  ? Assisted students with video projects.  ? Acted as a liaison between students and the department head. Peer Mentor Jacksonville University - Jacksonville, FL August 2011 to December 2011 Taught a class of Freshman students.  ? Created, gave, and graded assignments using Blackboard. Stage Hand Jacksonville University - Jacksonville, FL January 2010 to April 2010 Jacksonville, FL  ? Constructed various sets for various performances.  ? Completed various tasks with a crew of workers.  ? Stage Management experience. Education MFA in English: Creative Writing University of Tampa - Tampa, FL January 2016 to January 2018 Bachelor of Arts Jacksonville University - Jacksonville, FL April 2013 Skills Retail Management, Key Holder, Merchandising, Customer Service, Sales, Scheduling, Team Building Certifications/Licenses Driver's License Additional Information Skills:  Proficient in Microsoft Office (Word, Excel and PowerPoint), Final Cut Pro, and Adobe Premiere.  Experience in Maya, After Effects, Audacity and Soundtrack Pro.  Strong communication skills.