Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Cañon City, CO Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager Mammoth Networks - Steamboat Springs, CO October 2018 to Present I design, manage, and implement projects involving fiber optic and fixed wireless forms of delivery for public-private partnerships, small to large customers, and other unique clientele. I have written award-winning RFP responses and grants.     Skills I'm using in this position:  -Fiber Optic/Fixed Wireless Network Engineering and Design: From concept to a realized Bill of Materials for projects both big and small. Includes both Middle Mile and Last Mile solutions utilizing fiber, licensed and unlicensed links, LTE, and other unique solutions.   - Process and Concept Creation: There's never a dull moment solving the unique challenges each town, community, or entity faces to get broadband as a utility-type service.  - Industry Research and Involvement: Broadband just keeps on changing and growing, and while I'll never know the whole scope and sum of it, I get to learn more and utilize what I know to assist my company.   - Speaking and Organizational skills: I've managed teams, company-wide projects, and more. Now, I get to work with multiple organizations at a time to reach a common goal.   - Business Case Analysis: Utilizing the great resources within my company, I get to help build real-world data that helps people make good decisions.   - Document Writing and Creation: While I'm no lawyer, I can help create documents that will set the basis for partnerships for years to come.   - Team Leadership: I help people come together, whether it's on the inside or outside of my company.  -Geographic Information Systems: I leverage GIS knowledge with ArcGIS, QGIS, Google Maps, and more to create fully engineered designs with accurate data involving population, RF propagation, and more.    I have skills in:  - Managing public-private partnerships  - Network operation  - RFP response and writing  - RF propagation  - Fiber engineering (permitting, obtaining maps, creating designs, providing a BOM)  - Legal document work  - GIS    I'm continually excited by this incredible industry, and looking forward to a humbling education that continues forwards. Implementation Manager SECOM - La Junta, CO May 2015 to September 2018 I worked as a multi-department oriented Manager for SECOM, interacting with every facet of the business from accounting, customer service, proposal writing and implementation, operational decisions, network design and support, personnel, and more.     In this role, I managed a small team of people that built our new circuits and services, provisioned voice and telephony equipment, engineered how circuits will be delivered, and acted as liaisons between our customers, various agencies, and SECOM departments.    I also acted as the head Project Manager for a majority of non-operational, out of the ordinary, and even day-to-day items. My team explored processes and procedures, performed product and business analysis, and handled large-scale projects like Fiberhood deployments, regional cornerstone Hosted PBX deployments, and more. We also scheduled and took care of all of our FTTX customers.    In this area, I've been humbled by the vast world of telecommunications, but excited to obtain a great knowledge of all of the parts - from the Network Engineering perspective to the Outside Plant Engineering perspective onwards, including having assisted with design, testing, and installation, and followup of a huge multitude of the number of services SECOM offer.     From installing, managing the project, and customer service and more, it's been fun to create a new role and then expand it to a fully-fledged department.     Some of the skills I've used in this role include:  - Network design & basic engineering  - Sales and wholesale experience & ordering  - Installation of telephony voice and telecommunications equipment  - Customer service from a basic to an advanced level  - ZenDesk proficiency  - Team management of a small, dedicated team and oversight of an entire operation - simultaneously  - Business analysis of existing and potentially new products, including soft & real-world cost analysis  - Business reporting input - and more!  - RFP Response and management.  - Community engagement. Conductor BNSF Railroad - La Junta, CO February 2015 to May 2017 (Furloughed)  Conductor/Conductor Trainee - BNSF Railroad    -In charge of getting the train and contents between terminals in tandem with assigned Engineer.  -Trained on multiple scenarios and territories with different types of freight.  -Worked with FRA documents and other legal documents to ensure safety and security.  -Ensured that train and contents were in compliance per all legal requirements.  -Worked with a team of individuals to accomplish company goals and meet all safety standards.  -In charge of most communications involving all team members. Led team members through briefings and plans to ensure each trip was accomplished to the highest possible level.  -Second overall seniority in hiring class. Banking Center Manager Academy Bank of Colorado - Pueblo West, CO September 2014 to October 2014 Responsibilities  -Managed an entire banking center for Academy Bank  -Oversaw hiring process  -Oversaw all regulatory compliance for branch  -Oversaw a team of 4+ employees and an Assistant Manager  -In charge of all DDA, Loan, etc. accounts for customer base for Pueblo West branch.    Skills Used  Left job due to discomfort with company policy regarding 'grey areas' with customer accounts and overdrafts. Went to hiring/training period with BNSF (4-6 month process) Operations Officer/ IT Assistant First National Bank of Las Animas - Las Animas, CO May 2012 to September 2014 Responsibilities  -Worked with DDA, Savings, and other accounts, opening, servicing, and maintaining them.  -Assisted with NSF and Overdraft procedures and all policies therein.   -Central Loan processing Administrator (program), adding and maintaining users and userbase.  -Network Systems administrator, troubleshooting and maintaining bank-wide network infrastructure and all related policies and procedures.  -VISA Debit Card administrator, including opening, servicing, and all CAMS alerts (data breach, etc.) maintenance.  -Online Banking Administrator, including all service calls, troubleshooting, policies and procedures.  -Remote Deposit Capture administrator, including installation, servicing, and procedural writing.   -Backup for the Vice President in Data Processing. Worked with Federal Reserve transactions, ACH transactions, all ONUS and Transit transactions, etc. Versed in all policies applicable.   -CTR/SAR assistant. Compiled, created, and filed CTR/SAR reports and did all follow up for the main office and an outlying office.  -Customer Service representative. Fielded calls regarding all different fields from both customers and internal. Worked with troubleshooting, answering questions, account maintenance, and policy related questions for the bank.    Accomplishments  -Bank Officer for all 6 branches.  -Helped pioneer the Remote Deposit Capture program for First National Bank, and assisted in writing some procedures for it.  -Helped in the transition between Debit card processors.  -Dealt with CAMS Alert data breaches and customer follow through.  -Worked in several different facets of banking to become acquainted with procedures and regulations involved.    Skills Used  -Highly proficient in banking procedures and regulations.  -Highly proficient in the Microsoft Suite of products, including Word, Office, Excel, Powerpoint, etc.  -120+ WPM typer, high accuracy.  -Good customer service skills, exhibited through customer feedback and conflict resolution.  -Ability to perform back-room processing, such as ACH return, NSF/Nonpost resolution, data import, data processing, etc. when necessary.  -Ability to fill multiple roles, such as in DDA, procedures, regulations, etc. Education AA in Criminology/Western Civ II Otero Junior College - La Junta, CO 2010 to 2012 Homeschool - Highschool - La Junta, CO Skills Telecommunications (5 years), Internet Research (5 years), Interviewing (2 years), Management (4 years), Technical Support (5 years), Banking (3 years), Office Administration (3 years), Word (6 years), Excel (6 years), Publisher (6 years), Powerpoint (6 years), Typing (10+ years), It Project Management (5 years), IT Management (3 years), Operations Management (4 years), Operations (4 years), Project Planning (2 years), Project Management (5 years), Project Coordination (5 years), Project Development (3 years), Telephone Skills (5 years), Customer Service (6 years), Android (5 years), Windows (7 years), Microsoft Project, Outlook, Scheduling, budget, maintenance, GIS (1 year), Estimating Certifications/Licenses Conductor April 2015 to April 2018 Driver's License