Private Investment Analyst Private Investment Analyst Port Arthur, TX I am an accomplished, administrative professional with office management, purchasing, and IT knowledge. I am hardworking, motivated and utilize strong organizational skills to manage multiple tasks and rapidly changing priorities. Work Experience Private Investment Analyst Port Arthur, TX April 2016 to Present Provides financial investing services for individuals. Perform research and analyze assets, such as stocks, bonds, currencies and commodities.   Associate Buyer Lamar University - Beaumont, TX April 2014 to June 2015 Responsible for all activities related to the procurement of materials, supplies, equipment, services, contracts, etc. for all University departments. Responsibilities include, developing sources, processing requisitions, soliciting and analyzing bids, issuing purchase orders, and expediting. Soliciting and analyzing bids. Coordination Assistant / IT Support NDE Technical Services - Houston, TX September 2012 to April 2013 Coordinate field inspectors. Review/preparation of time sheets as per local instruction. Monthly check of all job activity and follow up on all actions required for clients. Ensure that all assigned jobs are executed in accordance with the company standards. Perform daily IT tasks and overall technical support. Assisted in marketing tools and promotional imagery. Coordination Assistant GL Noble Denton - Houston, TX February 2012 to August 2012 Responsible for review and approval of employee and sub contract time sheets/ invoices before final approval from coordinator. Review of all inspection deliverables and when applicable, responsible for corrections associated to the deliverables. General use of the project management database iInspect 2. Provide administrative support in terms of organization, documentation, and assisting/coordinating that all key assignments, deadlines, and projects are met. Assistant Business Manager Deslatte Towing - Sabine Pass, TX October 2008 to January 2010 Responsible for implementing strategies to ensure growth of a newly established tug-boat company, maintaining social media websites, building and maintaining the company website. Design and sell company merchandise. Administrative Assistant Sabine Pass High School - Sabine Pass, TX November 2008 to May 2009 Responsible for campus scheduling, assisting with district technology, and inventory processing. Inventory and Data Entry (Golden Pass LNG Project) Chicago Bridge and Iron - Sabine Pass, TX June 2008 to November 2008 Responsible for material inventory and all data entry for the new construction of LNG  Receiving Terminal at Golden Pass, LNG. Compile, copy, sort, and file records of office activities, business transactions, and other activities. Review files, records, and other documents to obtain information to respond to requests. May collect, count, and disburse money, do basic bookkeeping and complete banking transactions. Compute, record, and proofread data and other information, such as records or reports. Education Bachelor in Business Administration Lamar University - Beaumont, TX August 2011 Master's in Enterprise Resource Planning Lamar University - Beaumont, TX Skills CISCO, HTML, WEB DESIGN, SAP, EXCEL, Microsoft Office, Data Entry, Powerpoint, Quickbooks, database, access, Financial Analysis, Management Certifications/Licenses SAP