Senior Principal IT Security Consultant Senior Principal <span class="hl">IT</span> Security Consultant Security Manager - CISM Upper Marlboro, MD Work Experience Senior Principal IT Security Consultant Carter Enterprise Solutions, LLC - Washington, DC 2009 to Present Provide Subject Matter Expertise (SME) in DIACAP, FISMA and NIST execution. Provide  hands on instruction to Senior IA professionals. Deliver a curriculum focused on the  current core activities of FISMA, DIACAP and DoD Information Assurance Risk  Management Framework (DIARMF) transition. Responsible for writing policies and  procedures as well as performing certification and accreditation activities for DoD and  Civilian systems and sites to include HHS, IRS, OPM and other DoD entities. Senior Information Security Engineer US Navy - Washington, DC January 2011 to April 2012 Act as a Trusted Agent of the Navy Certification Authority (CA). As a Validator and  Subject Matter Expert (SME), responsible for execution of in-depth knowledge and  expertise in DIACAP activities, DON IA Policies, DoDI 8510.01, DoD IA Controls and DoD  8500.2.  ? Examined DIACAP submissions for accuracy and technical compliance.  ? Conducted security control assessments  ? Responsible for providing IA guidance and identifying IA requirements for system  development and/or engineering projects.  ? Validated over 75 individual Afloat sites and 15 Afloat and Ashore systems, which  each successful received an Authority to Operate (ATO). Senior IT Security Engineer US NAVY SPAWAR (Navy CA) - San Diego, CA April 2008 to December 2010 Responsibilities  Served as the only East Coast Navy CA Liaison, managing and auditing all aspects of an  enterprise-wide DIACAP Information Security program implementation. Produced periodic  reports on system status, compliance reviews, system controls, and risk assessments for  over 200+ systems  ? Oversaw the Certification and Accreditation (C&A) compliance process  ? Made certification recommendations to the Navy Certifying Authority based upon  risks  ? Developed and maintain enterprise federal IT security policies/regulations and IT  Security Plan and related documents  ? Recommended corrective actions to reduce or eliminate security vulnerabilities  and risks. Senior IT Security Engineer Apptis, Inc. (HHS) - Washington, DC September 2007 to May 2008 Responsibilities  Supported Health and Human Services (HHS) Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services’  (CMS) Information Security and Certification and Accreditation Program.  ? Developed and updated documentation that included policies, protocols,  procedures, processes using NIST SP 800 series and HIPAA guidance  ? Provided input and visibility into emerging security technologies, deployment  strategies and other security protocols to ensure compliance within OCISO. Senior IT Security Project Manager Apptis, Inc. (DISA) - Washington, DC November 2006 to September 2007 Responsibilities  Performed full life cycle security assessments for Defense Information Systems Agency (DISA) DoD systems. Provided  direct support to the Chief Information Assurance Manager by writing incident response procedures and reports,  providing Information Assurance training, interact with Operations staff to ensure that vulnerability and patch  management are handled appropriately, and assist teams with developing Certification and Accreditation Packages.  ? Wrote and evaluated security related documentation to include policy guidance, procedural testing, risk  assessments, ST&E plans, Security Test Plans, Plan of Actions & Milestones (POA&M) and security metrics  measurement as it relates to C&A activities Education Masters of Science in Technology Management University of Maryland University College (UMUC) - adelph 2009 Bachelors of Science in Information Systems Management University of Maryland University College (UMUC) - Adelphi, MD 1999 to 2002 Certificate in guidance NIST 2002 Skills ? NIST SP 800 series, DIACAP SME, FISMA/OMB A-130, HIPAA, DoD 8500 series, PMI Framework Additional Information Clearances  Active DoD Top Secret/SCI  IRS Clearance  Public Trust    Certifications  ? Certified Information Security Manager (CISM)  ? Certified in Risk and Information Systems Control (CRISC)  ? Project Management Professional (PMP)  ? Microsoft Certified Professional (MCP)  ? Fully Qualified Navy Validator (I0099)  ? Information Assurance Manager (IAM) Level III