I.T. Project Manager I.T. <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> I.T. Project Manager - Dental Partners, LLC Rockledge, FL Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience I.T. Project Manager Dental Partners, LLC - Melbourne, FL July 2015 to Present Support and administration of all I.T. systems for large dental  management firm, including support of specialized dental  management softwares and office equipment, such as printers,  computers, servers, network equipment, etc. Website content  management and editing. Outlook and Active Directory  administration. Equipment installation, including networking,  software and hardware installation. Support and maintenance of medical hardware. Reporting, including building, maintaining, and  distributing Excel reports for accounting, marketing, and management purposes. Creating training and best practices content for staff. Developing and maintaining a support website for employee  use.  Supervisor: Emma Hayes (I.T. Director)  (321) 473-7191 I.T. Support Specialist University of South Florida - Tampa, FL February 2013 to May 2015 Assist with user interface between learning management  system and faculty/students. Conduct seminars for new product  training and support of user interfaces. Assist with integration  aspects of multiple third-party solutions to Canvas. Course content  creation and design approval. Address user issues as they were  reported through a ticketing system. Training sessions with faculty/students.  Supervisor: Andrew Hannah (I.T. Manager)  (813) 974-9790 Legal Assistant Butler Pappas Weihmuller Katz Craig, LLC - Tampa, FL October 2012 to February 2013 October, 2012-February, 2013    Performing filing and secretarial duties for various legal  groups within the firm. Inputting information and documents into both internal and court computer systems. Misc. tasks and projects as  required.  Supervisor: Tenille Turner-Trigg (Human Resources Manager)  (813) 281-1100 ext. 413 Education B.A. in History University of South Florida - Tampa, FL May 2015 High School Diploma Rockledge High School - Rockledge, FL May 2011 Additional Information Skills  • I.T. troubleshooting. • Project planning and management.  • Evaluating company needs and • Written and interpersonal communication.  developing/supervising projects to meet • Basic language and life skills tutoring for  those needs. both children and adults.  • Active Directory user management and • Customer service.  maintenance. • Excellent filing, bookkeeping, recording  • Creating course content and designing and computational skills, including  courses for end users and employees. uploading and organizing information and  • Creating and maintain Excel reports and documents into various programs and  SQL queries. systems, i.e., Word, Excel, legal data entry  • Networking installation and maintenance. systems, etc.  • Microsoft Server 2008 R2 management. • Ability to handle precise work.  • Server maintenance. • Ability to compose effective  • SQL Database management. communications.  • Proficient in providing support using • Ability to synthesize, write, diagnose,  ticketing systems, phone, and email. collect, extrapolate and review data.  • Experience supporting dental hardware, • Excellent troubleshooting and support  including intra-oral and panoramic X-Ray skills.  sensors and intra-oral cameras. • Ability to work in an office with data entry  • Experience supporting and managing operations.  dental software, including Dentrix, MiPACS, • Ability to exercise proper telephone  XDR, CDR. protocol.    Special Projects and Community Service Recognitions  • Homes for Veterans volunteer • ACIE Merit Graduate  • Keep Brevard Beautiful volunteer • USF Honors College  • Cocoa Beach, Beach cleanup event organizer - • USF Director's Award recipient  2009 & 2010 • Florida Academic Scholars recipient  • Big Brothers Big Sisters • National Society, Sons of The American  • Volunteer at Ye Olde School House of Rockledge Revolution medal recipient.  caring for special needs and autistic students.