CLIENT PROGRAM MANAGER CLIENT PROGRAM <span class="hl">MANAGER</span> CLIENT PROGRAM MANAGER - DYONYX, LP Austin, TX Known for bringing order to chaos and working with teams to consistently deliver tangible results. Expert at project, program and IT portfolio management. Successful track record of US and global implementations of large, highly complex technical products and solutions including digital web applications, corporate business solutions (HR, Financial, Legal), infrastructure, custom application and MDM projects. Strong people manager and team builder.    Industries: Retail, Healthcare, Medical Device, Digital Marketing and eCommerce, Financial, Semiconductor, Federal and Local Government    - Work Experience CLIENT PROGRAM MANAGER DYONYX, LP May 2018 to Present Provide effective strategy, execution and leadership of IT infrastructure and IT Support Desk for a local Austin client in the Energy/Oil and Gas industry.     -Lead a team of server and network engineers and project managers.  -Lead IT Support call center.  -Oversee technical projects in alignment with organizational goals.  -Work with DYONYX and customer engineers to discover and implement technical solutions for business activities.  -Provide vendor management, pricing negotiation and contract administration.  -Lead efforts to improve IT processes.  -Manage and improve profit margins.  -Prepare and manage to budget.  -Ensure services meet or exceed customer SLAs for availability and utilization. IT DIRECTOR WRIGHT MEDICAL TECHNOLOGY November 2016 to 2018 -Oversight and effective management of a $20M project budget.  -Preparing and presenting quarterly business reviews to executive teams, encompassing quality, delivery and financial KPIs and overall project portfolio status and health.  -Responsible to successfully deliver the portfolio of IT projects focused on multiple technologies including JD Edwards ERP, Oracle, Workday, and .Net custom applications using both Agile and SDLC framework and teams.  -Developed and implemented a value-driven solution delivery process.  -Provided support to and leadership of project managers, business analysts and team members. SR. MANAGER HR PMO ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES April 2015 to November 2016 -Senior leader for HRIS, responsible for implementing HR technology:  o Portfolio and roadmap development   o Governance and oversight of all HR system work including new development, enhancements, compliance needs, HR reporting and analytics  -Program Manager responsible to expand Success Factors investment through implementation of Success Factors Compensation, Recruiting Management, Recruiting Marketing and Onboarding modules.  -Lead and direct all HR shared services activities including HR Operations and Talent Operations for North America, Greater Asia and Europe.  -Oversight of HR Joint Venture divestiture of AMD assemble, mark, test and pack (ATMP) manufacturing division.  -Oversee the AskHR call centers for North America, Greater Asia and Europe supporting over 9k employees globally.  -Manage 6 direct reports with spans and layers totaling a team of 50. PROJECT MANAGEMENT/DELIVERY CONSULTANT HILTON WORLDWIDE August 2014 to April 2015 • Developed Agile methods for solution delivery in Digital IT organization.  • Trained and coached delivery teams through leading by example in a pilot Agile project.  • Evaluated results, made improvements in the method framework, and implemented full Agile delivery framework, resulting in savings in capital project investment and speed to market of MVP for critical customer-facing web solutions. PROJECT DELIVERY AND PROFESSIONAL SERVICES LEADER ELEMENT SOLUTIONS November 2012 to August 2014 -Led individuals and teams across domains for cloud-based and on premise digital solutions.  -Accountable for P&L of all engagements and for establishing pricing and operations processes for the company.  -Managed the client relationships, generating new business and maintaining account stability.  -Presented strategy, reporting and portfolio status to Executives and all stakeholders (customer and internal).  -Provided resource demand and capacity for all professional services engagements, leveling onshore, offshore contingent and full time resources to maximize revenue.  -Delivered digital experience solution projects leveraging multiple CMS products (Sitecore, Ektron, Oracle WCS) and CRM products (Salesforce, Zoho). Education BS, BUSINESS, HR Management Western Governors University Present High school or equivalent Skills IT Service Desk Management (5 years), Scheduling (10+ years), Budget Management (10+ years), Estimating (10+ years), O365 (5 years), Success Factors (5 years), PMO Implementation (10+ years), Software Project Management (10+ years), Strategic Planning (10+ years), It Service Management (5 years), IT Governance (3 years), Executive Management (7 years), IT Management (10+ years), Healthcare (8 years), Portfolio Management (10+ years), Technical Project Management (10+ years), Program Management (10+ years), Sharepoint (9 years), Business Analysis (10+ years) Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) Driver's License CSM July 2011 to Present Additional Information SKILLS  • Project and Program Management  • PMO leadership  • Consulting and coaching  • Coding in Informix, Progress, RPG400