Substitute Teacher – Middlesex County District Substitute Teacher – Middlesex County District Piscataway, NJ Highly experienced global project leader with over 22 years of successful record of planning, managing and executing complex projects for a variety of brand name Fortune 500 companies. A strong leader that understands and aligns business requirements and effectively manages diverse teams, with open communication and clear direction, delivering on time and on budget projects that meet mission critical business objectives. Work Experience Substitute Teacher – Middlesex County District Education Staffing and Management Solutions (ESS) - New Jersey April 2019 to Present ·       Filled in for regular teachers who may need to take time off.  ·       Maintained order in the classroom by following lesson plans left by the teacher.  ·       Encouraged student participation and provided instruction as necessary.  ·       Ensured the classroom instruction is handled according to the school’s policies, goals and objectives. Volunteer Consultant - Sr. Project Manager, Planning and Execution THIRST FOR KNOWLEDGE LLC - Plainfield, NJ January 2010 to Present Work with education community to provide school supplies for disadvantage children in urban areas.  • Managed all aspects of the scope, work plans and project tracking activities, from detailed project plans, budget tracking and reporting, and all on-going project administration initiation through closure.  • Produced budget verses actuals reports. Operations Associate - Online Fulfillment THIRST FOR KNOWLEDGE LLC - East Brunswick, NJ October 2018 to December 2018 Responsibilities includes truck unload, sign and price changes, replenishment and fulfillment processing to in store and online customers.  • Ensured customers receive excellent service by accurately and efficiently processing both in-store replenishment items and online orders.  • Secured packing and shipping of online orders items to customers within procedure guidelines. Consultant - Scrum Master/ Project Manager - Digital Office QuintilesIMS Health - Parsippany, NJ June 2017 to September 2017 Responsible for the project planning, discovery, assessment, design and delivery of recommendations to commercial pillar leaders across Technology Solutions.  • Facilitated and project managed daily stand-ups scrum meetings for UI/UX Designers Apollo team.  • Coordinated and executed project kickoff activities with business stakeholders and acquire buy-in for Digital Office activities from commercial leaders.  • Developed project plans for projects of varying complexity and duration, maintain plans and timelines, including identifying, documenting, and resolving project risk.  • Managed project teams through Digital Office assessment methodologies, including discovery, assessment, design, and prototyping phases.  • Served as key point of contact for projects and manage expectations, resources, and timelines.  • Project managed regular status meetings, teleconferences and other communications such as meeting agendas, minutes and weekly status reports. Scrum Master/Sr. IT Project Manager - Software, Data, Services (SDS) - Portal/Mobile Delivery United Health Group - Basking Ridge, NJ August 2014 to February 2017 Basking Ridge, NJ Aug 2014 - Feb 2017  Scrum Master/Sr. IT Project Manager - Software, Data, Services (SDS) - Portal/Mobile Delivery  Responsible as Scrum Master and Application Project Manager for the application delivery for either Waterfall or Agile projects for members and providers for Myuhc.com and Heath4Me Mobile portals.  • Facilitated scrum ceremonies (grooming, sprint planning, retrospectives, daily stand-ups, etc.) for two Scrum offshore teams in India. Updated all process documentation.  • Educated the team on standard agile methodologies, practices, principles, and tools.  • Facilitated sprint planning. Ensure user stories are sized and point values are assigned.  • Facilitated cross - team coordination and collaboration.  • Protected teams from over-commitment, manage backlog, and prioritize resolution of defects/bugs as evidenced by the delivering 20 major initiatives.  • Tracked and communicate team velocity, capacity, and sprint / release progress.  • Assisted with prioritization and resolution of defects/bugs.  • Managed project schedules, resources, and delivery commitments.  • Assisted with backlog maintenance.  • Utilized the Scaled Agile Framework (SAFe) approach enabling both teams to increase productivity and reduce defects during monthly releases.    Project Management Responsibilities  • Managed project scope and administer change management at both the program and project  levels.  • Managed project budget including acquisition of estimates, monitoring actuals, and developing  forecasts.  • Responsible for identifying and securing IT and business team members.  • Participated in the creation and review of standard estimating tollgates (budget guidance,  solution, and design).  • Aligned impacted application release schedules and milestones to support business deployment.  • Created/maintained project work breakdown structure and define demand in Clarity.  • Coordinated and support cross application testing effort including both system/regression and UAT.  • Facilitated and drive resolution of issues and risks for assigned initiatives.  • Managed and provided weekly project status and reports to stakeholders.  • Managed project financials and budgets within guidelines of the project management office. Consultant - Project Manager - Chubb Personal Insurance IT-PMO CHUBB & SON INSURANCE - Whitehouse Station, NJ July 2012 to April 2013 Led Panorama program portfolio for two large and three medium size projects in the Home and Auto personal and causality state lines of businesses to successful completion. Developed and executed detailed work plans, schedules, project estimates, resource plans, status reports, enterprise dashboard issue management and risk mitigation across the program portfolio. Executed and delivered projects through adherence to all IT project standards, defining and managing the project through the SDLC process. Responsible for working with managers across the functional areas Business Partners, Architecture Services, Development Services and Business Systems Support Services to identify the appropriate project resources needed, assembling the project team, assigning individual responsibilities, and developing a schedule to ensure timely completion of projects. Ensured project team roles and project expectations are clearly communicated to all stakeholders including business subject matter experts and end users. Created business cases and project charters for Home and Auto state lines of businesses for program portfolio. Conducted sunset reviews and follow-up sessions to produce finalize recommendations of completed projects. Produced planned verses actuals reports for home and auto state lines of businesses across program portfolio. Education B.S. in Business Administration in Business Administration West Virginia State University - Institute, WV Skills Scrum Master, CSM, Scrum, Agile Scrum, Jira, PMP, Certified Scrum Master, Rally, PM, Kanban Certifications/Licenses PMP CSM PMI-ACP