Programmer Programmer Skillful, creative, analytic and efficient. Cabo Rojo, PR Programming abilities; knowledge and experience in Software and Web development technologies; experience in database development and networking. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Programmer Computer Integration of Quality Assurance - San Germán, PR May 2015 to June 2015 • CIQA QAM (Quality Assurance Manager) project development for pharmaceutical processes validation using Paradox software with ObjectPal language.  • Paradox forms development for: Complaint, NC, CAPA, Risk, FMEA, EHS, and other processes.  • Paradox reports development of Approvals and Request for each processes.  • SQL Server management of tables, relationships and fields, and reviewing of queries, concats, relationships, fields with values, and joints. IT Specialist Revolution Wireless - Isabela, PR December 2013 to December 2014 • Performed installation, repair and maintenance activities on electronic components and systems of PCs, tablets, and smartphones.  • Developed company’s sales receipt using QuickBooks.  • Provided technical troubleshooting assistance for hardware and software issues.  • Trained new technicians using theory and technical skills. Project Manager The Maids USA - Isabela, PR December 2012 to December 2014 • Website development for a start-up business (www.icoachnow.com) using www.godaddy.com services, coding with PHP, HTML and CSS.  • Developed and maintained key performance metrics for a $2,000,000 small business operation by managing weekly and monthly reports using MS Excel and gathering important information tracked by www.inmoment.com services. These management reports are a vital tracking / feedback system to motivate manager and employee performance, and are an integral part of achieving desired labor costs.  • Created and executed a survey system to evaluate the need for a start-up online service using www.surveymonkey.com. Web Development Intern University of Puerto Rico - Aguadilla, PR September 2014 to November 2014 • Website development for the University’s computer laboratories’ services provided to students (cetemhost.uprag.edu/prueba/userlogin.asp) using MS SharePoint Designer software, coding with classic ASP, HTML, CSS, and managing a MS Access database.   • Evaluated, compared and estimated new equipment to improve services.   • Troubleshoot technical issues students had with e-mails and other services. IT Specialist University of Puerto Rico - Aguadilla, PR September 2013 to December 2013 • Developed a website for the Physical Resources services office coding with HTML, CSS, PHP, and creating a MySQL database.   • Evaluated, repaired, installed, upgraded and configured computer hardware systems and software of PCs, printers and projectors.   • Created a LAN (Local Area Network) for the Electronics Department connected from the server to switches and routers.   • Trained professors in the use of new technology (Windows 8).   • Instructed students in the use of the University’s remote system to access their tuition.  Instructed students in the use of the University’s remote system to access their tuition. Education BA in Information Systems University of Puerto Rico - Aguadilla, PR 2008 to 2014 Skills Microsoft Office, Sharepoint Designer, Adobe Photoshop, Visual Studio, Web Development, Software Development, IT, Databases, Networking, Project Management, Leadership, Team Player, Bilingual, HTML, PHP, CSS, VBscript, C#, Javascript, jQuery, Bootstrap (2 years) Additional Information • Experience in: MS Office, Adobe Photoshop and MS SharePoint Designer.   • Content Management System (CMS) knowledge.  • Knowledge of programming languages (Visual Studio, Java, C family, VB).  • General knowledge in Web development languages (ASP, HTML, VBScript, Javascript, PHP, CSS).  • SQL knowledge.  • Windows Server and Active Directory knowledge.  • User training and support.  • Leadership, management and coordination skills of multiple members and teams.  • Led through quantitative goal setting.  • Analytic, creativity and problem-solving skills.  • Excellent Spanish and English verbal and written communication skills.