Project Manager IT- Part-time <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> <span class="hl">IT</span>- Part-time Project Manager IT- Part-time - STESSA IT Solutions, LLC Zephyrhills, FL Experienced and innovative Education Consultant, in the areas of:    ? Technical Writer - Bilingual- English/Spanish  ? e-Learning design and development  ? ILT/vILT course/curriculum development  ? LMS planning, integration, and administration  ? Mobile-Learning  ? UX Design  ? Agile Project Management  ? Other skills:  • Working knowledge: CRA course (GMP, GCP, FDA, and ICH) clinical drug trials  • Health Care Tech (USCG) and Case Manager (Workers Comp)  • Sysadmin Unix and Technical Trainer/ Writer (Enterprise Level- SAIC, GDGS )  Tools:  Documentation Development: Adobe Acrobat Professional, MS Word Doc, Google Productivity Suite, Adobe FrameMaker, MS Publisher, Visio, Power Point  Content Management: Drupal, WordPress, GitHub/Lab, SharePoint, Google Team Drives  Web: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, XML eLearning: Storyline3, Captivate, Lectora  LMS: Canvas, LearnUpon, Dokeos, Docebo, Moodle, BlackBoard, Cornerstone  Multi-Media: Photoshop, Camtasia 2019, Premiere, Audacity, Adobe Illustrator, SnagIt  CRM: Salesforce, HubSpot, V-Tiger  Section 508 (ADA)  Video Conference: Skype, GoToMeeting, Zoom Work Experience Project Manager IT- Part-time STESSA IT Solutions, LLC - Kent, WA May 2017 to Present Overseeing continued maintenance and improvements of custom sports analytics "business solution" my team designed and developed  ? Technical writing: project reports, illustrations, and proposals  ? AWS user management  ? STESSA It Solutions is my personal consulting firm we specialize in "Business Solutions"; established in 2009 Genesis 10 Contractor GCP - Kirkland, WA January 2019 to March 2019 Instructional Designer III  ? Google Cloud Products Engineering Support Infrastructure Team  ? Curriculum and course updates for Technical Support Engineers and Representatives  ? Collaboration with Global contributors and vendors  ? Front End Analysis of GCP affiliated global vendors and full-time employees  ? Steering new approaches for organizing team collaboration and sharing, such as a team drive Education Manager Student Conservation Association - Seattle, WA August 2018 to January 2019 E-Learning design and development- Storyline 3 and Camtasia 2018  ? LMS management (Learn-Upon) and implementations with Salesforce  ? Project Management  ? Technical writing processes  ? Salesforce Administrator  ? Identified areas for organization-wide improvement and proposed plan with strategic solutions for future training endeavors and supporting systems (Learning and Performance Ecosystem) Project Consultant- Remote Cisco - Alpharetta, GA January 2017 to May 2017 Short term  ? Provided direction with the use of Xyleme LCMS (XML)  ? QA and technical writing augmentation of Stealthwatch course manuals  ? Produced and organized learning object content library for Stealthwatch courses Instructional Designer/ PM / e-Learning Developer ATAVUS - Seattle, WA August 2015 to March 2016 Design and development of e-Learning courses for Football Tackle System, to include curriculum-Storyline 2  ? Provide feedback regarding newer trends in eLearning  ? PM for LMS implementation and customization  ? Technical writing  ? Organized client focus groups for user-centric approach  ? Produced and edited custom course sports videos and photo-shoots- Camtasia Studio 9 Instructional Designer/ e-Learning Developer Xerox - Seattle, WA May 2015 to August 2015 Design and development of eLearning courses for Boeing Joint Programs and Environmental, Health, & Safety division- Storyline 2  ? Provide feedback regarding newer trends in eLearning (2.0 and 3.0)  ? Successful with design and development of Safety related modules. Received various accolades from clients, and Boeing (Boeing Recognition Program Certificate)  ? Produced and edited custom course safety videos and photo-shoots- Camtasia Studio 9 Technical Writer / Instructional Designer/ - Contractor Fulcrum - Seattle, WA August 2014 to November 2014 Re-design and development of eLearning courses CATS Mobility  ? Designed and developed a technical quick reference guide (QRG) for CATS mobility  ? Provide feedback regarding newer trends in eLearning (2.0 and 3.0)  ? Technical writing redesign of QRG received approval with first prototype from Verizon Senior Technical Writer, Engineering- Contractor EMC-Isilon - Seattle, WA April 2014 to August 2014 Need Analysis  ? Re-design of eLearning courses  ? Organized target audience focus group  ? Provide feedback regarding newer trends in eLearning (2.0 and 3.0)  ? Created a demo with Captivate 8, to demonstrate usability-mobile learning E-Learning Designer and Developer Contractor BCBSSC - Columbia, SC August 2013 to October 2013 Front end Analysis  ? Design and development of e-Learning modules  ? Created business case based on human performance analysis results  ? Created a business strategy to help the e-Learning Department work towards branding Instructional Designer Contractor Florida Virtual Schools - Orlando, FL May 2013 to June 2013 Performing course content QA audits, with recommendations  ? Technical writing  ? Implementing corrections of courses using various collaborative tools  ? Developing courses using HTML/XML custom framework Instructional Designer Contractor LearnSmart Now - Tampa, FL March 2013 to April 2013 Designed and developed the curriculum for two instructor lead courses for a new complex system to be implemented by the ATF  ? Train the Trainer  ? Design and developed Technical Manuals  ? Course satisfaction survey proved both courses to be successful PRN position, Computer Based Training Specialist Suncoast Solutions - Clearwater, FL October 2012 to March 2013 Design and development of CBT's to demonstrate functionality of Solutions EMR  ? Providing feedback for future e-learning initiatives Instructional Designer / PM University of South Florida, College of Nursing - Tampa, FL January 2010 to July 2012 Primary duty: Special multimedia projects advanced presentations, and design/development in Second Life (3D VR). Researcher project. Post-development duties included implementing/administration Moodle-LMS, managing permission and accounts of users, and statistics collection.  ? Created and edited movies with Camtasia Studio 8  ? Wrote project proposals  ? Besides the building and development in 3D, instructional design elements where implemented to insure knowledge transfer in this medium  ? Participated in the migration from Blackboard to Canvas as a tester  ? Development of CMS Drupal sites, and undergrad/grad course development (22 modules), as well as eLearning modules  ? Articulate Studio 9 Education Master's in Education in Curriculum and Instruction, and Instructional Technology University of South Florida - Tampa, FL Bachelor's in Science in Health Care Management University of Phoenix Online - Phoenix, AZ Skills budget, Customer Service, Outlook, Word, Microsoft Project, e-Learning Design and Development (10+ years), LMS implementation and administration (10+ years), Addie, Captivate, HTML, Instructional Design, Articulate, Instruction, Storyline Links http://lissamangini.work Military Service Branch: USCG Service Country: United States Rank: E6 promotable to E7 May 1978 to June 1998 13 years as an Health Services Technician / Paramedic  7 years Intelligence Specialist Telecommunications Assessments CRM Skills with Salesforce — Expert April 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to demonstrate a knowledge of Salesforce objects, fields, and processes. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/kd-bs597el1pkrml Supervisory Skills: Directing Others — Highly Proficient April 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to motivate the performance of others through feedback to identify improvements or corrective actions. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/gw0r6bf5tfxluipc Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.