Field Representative Field Representative San Diego, CA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Field Representative ABI Document Support Services - Los Angeles, CA 2018 to Present • Manage a route by reviewing and prioritizing all current and incoming work daily to ensure all orders are status and completed according to guidelines provided by Field Supervisor.  • Flexibility to work in different routes as assigned by Supervisor.  • Personally serve Subpoena and Authorizations to Custodian of Records.  • Establish strong working relationship with Custodians, schedule orders, and updated status.   • Inform Supervisor of any and all facility changes and updates, by completing the proper forms.  • Ensure all documents requested have been provided and are correct prior to scanning or pickup.   • Scan documents using a laptop and scanner and following the proper procedures and techniques.  • Provide verification, by signature, on legal documents, such as Proof of Service and Affidavits.   • Operate and maintain the scanner and laptop within factory specifications and report any and all maintenance and repairs needed to the equipment or software.  • Write accurate and legible statuses in English on every work order as required.  • Redistribute work orders, records, X-Ray films, and any other item(s) upon return to the office at the designated place by your supervisor, on daily basis.   • Deliver records and documents to our clients and other facilities.  • Correspond with Field Supervisor  • Complete daily reports as required.  • Maintain confidentiality of documents and job Letter Carrier/Amazon Fresh/Pick Ups/204B Supervisor United States Postal Service - Van Nuys, CA 2016 to 2018 • Letter carrier responsible for delivering mail as well as parcels.  • Drop offs and pick ups for Amazon Fresh services.  • Scheduled pick ups in 2-ton size vehicle. Trained in right hand drive vehicles, Ram Promaster sized cargo vans, as well as 2-ton diesel and non diesel vehicles.  • Trained as 204B carrier supervisor responsible for scheduling, carrier hour accountability, hour and labor management, and responsibility delegation.  • 40-60 hours a week. Sometimes work as many as 15 days straight. Delivery Driver Amazon Logistics - Chatsworth, CA 2016 to 2016 • Delivered about 250 packages a day.  • Trained to driving a large utility van.  • Versed in delivery technology.  • Sorting and loading my own parcels for the day. Logistics Consultant/Sales Unishippers - Oak Park, CA 2014 to 2016 • Generated and pursued leads  • Business prospecting  • Held appointments with businesses  • Consulted and developed customized solutions for business logistical needs. IT/Sales/Software Project Manager Dolphin Imaging & Management Solutions - Chatsworth, CA 2014 to 2016 • Technician responsible for identifying and fixing bugs for programs Dolphin Imaging, Management, Letters, Aquarium, 3D, and Mobile.  • SQL database troubleshooting  • Windows configuration  • Supported orthodontic and oral surgical offices for aforementioned programs.  • Resolved 20-30 issues per day.  • Performed duties for inside and outside sales  • Managed new office set ups and light training of staff Member Services Regal Medical Group - Northridge, CA 2013 to 2014 • Provided member services for authorizations, eligibility, benefits, and claims.  • Trained in EZ-CAP 5 and EZ-CAP 6 medical claims systems.  • Call expectancy was about 60-80 calls daily. Events Supervisor Heritage Provider Network - Northridge, CA 2013 to 2014 • Accountable Care Organization events supervisor responsible for setting up and managing events for the ACO program.  • Events included health fairs, dance socials, luncheons, theater nights, as well as many others. Set up all travel accommodations as well as organized on-location events.  • Responsible for the program's documentation and management through Microsoft Excel. Field Consultant/Merchandising Best Buy Co., Inc - Los Angeles, CA 2010 to 2013 • Functionality, merchandising, security specialist  • responsible for overseeing multiple stores to ensure certain quality and to maintain a great customer experience.  • Ensured accountability and competence of the staff and store in general.  • Inventory and merchandising responsibilities including display maintenance and inventory counts.  • Overnight remodeling, asset protection skills, customer service, selling product, facing, down stocking, and pricing updates Education BA in business administration Anderson University - Anderson, SC 2016 to 2018 AA in business administration Moorpark College - Moorpark, CA 2012 to 2014 College Preparatory Chaminade College Preparatory High School - West Hills, CA 2006 to 2010 Skills SQL (2 years), DIESEL (1 year), DATABASES (Less than 1 year), MICROSOFT OFFICE (Less than 1 year), MS OFFICE (Less than 1 year) Additional Information Skills  • Advanced computer knowledge including Microsoft Office Suite and SQL Databases  • Strong communication skills  • Trained in point of delivery technology  • Trained in driving right hand drive vehicle, cargo van, and 2-ton diesel and non-diesel  • Advanced logistical knowledge