Telecommunications Field Engineer Telecommunications Field Engineer Virginia Beach, VA To obtain a position that will allow me to use current skills that I have acquired and to pursue new skills to broaden and increase my knowledge. My experience includes Customer Service, Field Maintenance Technician, and Telecommunications and Low Voltage data cabling. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Telecommunications Field Engineer GDIT / CSRA - Virginia Beach, VA January 2017 to Present • Knowledge of site surveying to produce Telecommunications Site Installation Plan (TSIP) which outlines the specific tasks required, provides all the necessary engineering (power; both AC and DC, infrastructure; fiber trays and cable ladder) and supporting documentation (floor space diagrams, rack/equipment diagrams, network diagrams, connectivity tables, etc.), and identifies all the installation-specific equipment and Bill of Materials (IBOM) materials  • Knowledge of Circuit Implementation and circuit cut overs.  • Knowledge with installation of equipment racks, the installation of AC and/or DC power to racks as  • necessary, and the installation of cable ladder racks and patch panels IAW DISN Implementation  • standards and best industry practice.  • Knowledge of reading schematics, engineering drawings and written or verbal instructions.•.•.  • •  • Knowledge of implementing and reviewing DISA TSO’s (Telecommunications Service Order’s). 25L DATA CABLE SYSTEMS INSTALLER/MAINTAINER ARMY NATIONAL GUARD March 2010 to March 2018 • Installs, operates, and performs unit level maintenance on cable and wire systems, to include Digital Group Multiplexers, Remote Multiplexing Combiners, repeaters, restorers, voltage protection devices, telephones, test stations, intermediate distribution frames, and related equipment.  • Configure digital group multiplexers and remote multiplexing combiners for operations. Installs, operates, and performs strapping, restriping, preventive maintenance checks and services and unit level maintenance on communication security devices.  • Performed tests on cable communications systems to ensure circuit and system quality. Tests circuits/groups to detect and locate line faults. Operates manual and motorized cable construction equipment. Climbs poles, as necessary, and assists in the construction of tactical cable and wire lines. Clears and maintains rights of way. Recognizes electronic countermeasures and applies appropriate electronic counter-countermeasures as necessary. Operates and performs preventive maintenance checks and services on telephone line and other vehicles.  • Installs, operates, and performs PMCS on power generators. Coordinates and supervises team member activities in the construction, installation, and recovery of cable and wire communications systems and auxiliary equipment. Coordinates remote operations with switching central personnel. Interprets and updates line route maps and overlays. Sr OSP Technician Vectrus Systems Corporation - Kabul, Afghanistan December 2016 to December 2016 •Conducted hardware, software, and wiring installation, inspection, and removal. Also  •Conducted hardware configuration and upgrades. Generates completion reports to include as-installed documents (red-line drawings), circuit end-to-end activation coordination and cut-over management.  •Transition actions and site implementation testing and checkout.  •Installing man/hand holes, underground conduit, fabric mesh, fiber optics, copper cabling, network equipment and cabinets for NIPR, SIPR, CENTRIXS,  •Experience using Remedy ticketing system.  •Installs, troubleshoots and repairs a broad range of telecommunications cabling media to include coaxial, fiber optic, Unshielded Twisted Pair (UTP), main feeder cable (200,400,600 pair etc.). Installs cable racks, conduit, Panduit, and other support structures for the protection and aesthetics of cables. Tests cable for signal quality, continuity, and availability. Terminates and splices both copper and fiber optic cable.   Experience working with fiber-optic communication equipment   MAJOR JOB ACTIVITIES:   •Pull telecommunications cabling through a wide variety of building architectures (both permanent and temporary, including tactical) through buried conduit (outside plant) routed between buildings, ceilings, and raised floors.  •Operate trenching equipment and/or other heavy equipment as outlined in the performance work statement to complete mission requirements.   •Install hardware/systems such as cable trays, ladder racks, J-Hooks, and/or D-rings to support telecommunications cable pulls.   •Troubleshoot and correct both copper and fiber optic cable problems for lack of continuity, noise, signal loss and degradation, improper termination, excessive loss and intermittent problems.   •Establish and maintain cable records, use database software such as Remedy to track and control job orders, interpret drawings to troubleshoot, install and make   •recommendations for new facilities and upgrades.  Worked seven days a week, 10 to 14 hours a day Regional Project Manager/Lead Technician Eyewitness Surveillance - Virginia Beach, VA June 2015 to December 2016 • Experience Managing installations of IP CCTV equipment in remote markets nationwide  • Responsible for recruiting, managing and coordinating subcontractors in the markets where Eyewitness operates  • Responsible for recruiting and Managing Field Service Technicians or other direct reports  • Experience installing and servicing of IP CCTV equipment.  • IP and analog cameras (Axis, ACTi, Video IQ, UDP, Samsung)  • Video management software (Exacq, Avigilon, Geovision, Video IQ)  • Audio systems and amplifiers  • Switches, Routers, Power supplies, and small foot print PDUs, UPS systems  CATS, Shielded / Non Shielded, RG6, RG59  • BNC cable termination (Compression and Crimp)  • Integrating equipment onto customer and company proprietary networks FIELD MAINTENANCE TECHNICIAN Elite Contracting Group - Virginia Beach, VA February 2013 to June 2015 ELITE CONTRACTING GROUP/VIRGINIA DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION  FEBRUARY 2013 - JUNE 2015  • Experience using multiple types of equipment such as aerial devices, scissor lifts etc.  • Preforms operations using a TMA for lane closures.  • Participates in on call rotation helping provide 24 hour, 7 days a week, 365 days a year maintenance service.  • Performs preventive and corrective maintenance of Interstate Transportation Systems.  • Diagnose, repair, install, maintain control systems, wireless communication technologies and networks associated with ITS.  • Configured, aligned and programed vehicle detection systems, dynamic message signs, multiplexers, and analog to digital conversions for CCTV cameras.  • Performed preventative and corrective maintenance on highway advisory radio systems, ITS equipment cabinets, and HRTOC complex facilities.  • Knowledge and experience performing utility locates.  • Experience in trouble shooting and repairing CCTV units, MVDS units, and DMS signs, and programming of complex electronic and mechanical traffic equipment. SECURITY INSTALLATION TECHNICIAN CONVERGINT TECHNOLOGIES LLC - Newport News, VA June 2012 to February 2013 • Installs, starts-up and commission's card access, IP video and intrusion systems on assigned projects.  • Trains end-users on installed systems.  • Acts as key interface for technical support with the customer and maximizes customer satisfaction.  • Identifies potential project risks and assists in the development and implementation of strategies to minimize impact and assist in the development and implementation of strategies for controlling deviations from estimated costs and project deadlines.  • Works closely with management to assist in the overall coordination of the project and to continuously improve customer satisfaction.  • Installs and terminate/splice Fiber Optic cables, cat5, cat6, and coaxial cable. TELECOMMUNICATIONS INSTALLATION TECHNICIAN Bazon Cox & Associates - Chesapeake, VA November 2011 to June 2012 • Responsible for Installation and termination of CAT5E, CAT6, and Fiber Optic Cable single and multi-mode  • Experience building out telecommunication closets. Installed equipment rack in telecommunications closets.  • Experience reading blue prints INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY AGENT ( IT) IT World Solutions - Norfolk, VA July 2011 to November 2011 Information technology ( IT) agent Provides day-to-day customer contact; actively seeks resolution to customer problems with designated product/service lines. Interfaces with technical & in-house customer service personnel to determine exact nature of problem: implements remedial procedures. Documents problems & correction procedures. Ability to respond to and resolve customer inquiries. Ability to maintain log of customer inquiries/concerns. With the ability to follow procedural guidelines to respond to and/or research customer questions. SALES AND MARKETING AGENT Cox Communications Inc. - Chesapeake, VA October 2010 to July 2011 • Performs Sales and Marketing Ensures individual sales targets are met. Executes promotions and campaigns designed to increase brand equity and achieve sales objectives. Maintains relationships with potential and existing customers. Aids customers in completing purchases and resolving issues.  • Assists with sales floor inventory counts and stock replenishment. Ensures sales floor remains visually appealing. Offers product suggestions to customers to help satisfy their needs/wants. Models best-in-class customer service skills for others Solution Education Clearly explains and illustrates product and service capabilities. Education TIDEWATER COMMUNITY COLLEGE 2009 to 2011 ARMY SIGNAL SCHOOL 2009 to 2010 TELECOMMUNICATIONS ADVANCE TECHNOLOGY CENTER 2007 to 2009 FIRST COLONIAL HIGH SCHOOL 2005 to 2009 Military Service Branch: Army Service Country: United States Rank: E-4 Present Installs, operates, and performs unit level maintenance on cable and wire systems, to include Digital Group Multiplexers, Remote Multiplexing Combiners, repeaters, restorers, voltage protection devices, telephones, test stations, intermediate distribution frames, and related equipment.  • Configure digital group multiplexers and remote multiplexing combiners for operations. Installs, operates, and performs strapping, restriping, preventive maintenance checks and services and unit level maintenance on communication security devices.  • Performed tests on cable communications systems to ensure circuit and system quality. Tests circuits/groups to detect and locate line faults. Operates manual and motorized cable construction equipment. Climbs poles, as necessary, and assists in the construction of tactical cable and wire lines. Clears and maintains rights of way. Recognizes electronic countermeasures and applies appropriate electronic counter-countermeasures as necessary. Operates and performs preventive maintenance checks and services on telephone line and other vehicles.  • Installs, operates, and performs PMCS on power generators. Coordinates and supervises team member activities in the construction, installation, and recovery of cable and wire communications systems and auxiliary equipment. Coordinates remote operations with switching central personnel. Interprets and updates line route maps and overlays. Certifications/Licenses ETA Data Cabling March 2009 to Present ETA Fiber Optics Installer/Technician November 2009 to Present Additional Information COMPUTER SKILLS & ABILITIES  • DOD Secret clearance, U.S Passport, Microsoft office, Microsoft Power Point, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Publisher, Microsoft word, Cable pulling, Fiber Optic Splicing / termination, Fire stopping, testing of UTP cables, Strong analytical and organization skills. Strong verbal and written communication skills, ability to perform in a team environment, strong interpersonal skills. Great work ethics and positive attitude.  • Experience Meeting customer needs and addressing customer service issues promptly, Prioritizing service items effectively  • Proactively communicating with customers and team members in  a positive and collaborative style