Principal Software Engineer / Director Of Innovations Principal Software Engineer / Director Of Innovations Software Engineer Aburi 8 years of full-stack test-driven software engineering using .NET, Java, and JavaScript including building ReST Web APIs, and Object-Oriented Analysis and Design.  1 year of .Net core, Angular, Azure cloud computing, and Agile Methods. Work Experience Principal Software Engineer / Director Of Innovations Brayns Technology - Aburi March 2017 to Present Responsibilities & Achievements  • Driving innovation (Software primarily) throughout the company; from conception to maintenance.  • Enforcing best practices, and driving maintainable and scalable software products with enhanced UI and User experience Practice Manager/ IT Director Mayhews Eyecare November 2014 to February 2017 Responsibilities & Achievements  • Manager of non-clinical operations, and the overseer of Information Technology including Software development, including training, and product engineering. Software Engineer/ Project Manager Globvil Solutions October 2013 to February 2014 Responsibilities & Achievements  • Supervised all project teams; scheduled and coordinated software development processes, including creating test plans and change management IT & Statistics Officer Western Regional Educational Unit Of S.D.A May 2010 to January 2014 Responsibilities & Achievements  • Collated and managed statistical data and their collection in proprietary database.  • Co-ordinated all IT operations, including training.   • I personally led the digitization of data, for the first time in the Institution's history. Software Engineer/ Systems Analyst Globvil Solutions August 2012 to October 2013 Responsibilities & Achievements  • A liaison between the company and clients. Lead Software Engineer for a sub-team.   • Prepared high standard qualitative analysis on all projects for the company, and led the transformation of UI and UX Education Computer Security And Systems Management Specialization University of Colorado 2019 to 2019 Professional Diploma In Information Technology in Software Engineering NIIT - New Delhi, Delhi 2011 to 2014 Skills Asp.Net (7 years), C# (8 years), TDD (5 years), SQL (7 years), Javascript (7 years), JQuery (5 years), UML (7 years), Entity Framework (5 years), MySQL (1 year), Angular (Less than 1 year), Java (7 years), Android (3 years), Xamarin (2 years), C++ (4 years), Signal-R (4 years), .NET Core (1 year) Assessments Critical Thinking — Highly Proficient July 2019 Using logic to solve problems. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/z2nsem9fywkeq-ta Data Analysis — Proficient July 2019 Measures a candidate's skill in interpreting and producing graphs, identifying trends, and drawing justifiable conclusions from data. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/sgrolptyc9jtuvxt Technical Support — Highly Proficient July 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to apply protocols to identify errors and solutions in order to maintain system function. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/yx297s9n9vfma3jw Graphic Design — Highly Proficient July 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to create visual media to effectively communicate information and concepts. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/y7i6x-mdcxlr6spe Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.