End User Support Specialist II End User Support Specialist II End User Support Specialist II - V and System Center Over 8 years as a IT professional providing small business and enterprise level IT solutions utilizing Microsoft technologies configuring, monitoring, upgrading and maintaining systems hardware, software and related infrastructure, Technical skills knowledge and abilities needed to accomplish computer-related duties, Problem-Solving Skills as well as other specific tasks relating to technology. Strong abilities to answer questions or resolve computer problems in person, or via telephone or electronically, Strong Work Ethic and Time Management Abilities. I'm seeking to become a Windows System Administrator L2 working with Network Infrastructures and Cloud Computing. Work Experience End User Support Specialist II V and System Center May 2019 to Present • Microsoft Certified Professional (MCP) | Microsoft Specialist: Server Virtualization with Windows Server Hyper-V and System Center    HCL America/Verizon  End User Support Specialist II May 2019 - Present    ? Image and install software on Windows, and Apple laptops/desktops including IMAC(installations, moves, additions, and changes) and Remote support  ? Troubleshoot post deployment issues on multiple computer platforms: Windows, Macintosh and mobile  devices  ? Printer break-fix and installation  ? Disposal, redeployment and Asset reclaim  ? Shipping coordination  ? Data Backup and Data Recovery coordination  ? Hardware Refresh  ? Warranty and Out-of-warranty repair and replacement  ? Depot Services  ? Walk Up Support  ? Spare parts management  ? Executive (VIP) Support  ? Audio and Video Support including Health Checks  ? Inventory and Asset Management - Depot Operations  ? Coordinate with external vendors for dispatch support  ? Identify and resolve hardware and software application conflicts  ? Open and close service requests, as well as manage the classification, assignment, tracking, and completion of requests or incidents  ? Responsible for asset tagging and entering all incoming equipment into our asset management system  ? Collaborate with cross functional teams to properly onboard incoming new hires  ? Ensure that hardware is properly assigned and updated into our management system  ? Provide weekly reports on physical inventory counts as well as record weekly outflows of hardware  equipment  ? Work with external Suppliers to schedule repairs for damaged/malfunctioning hardware  ? Ensure that resolutions are consistent with company standards and policies Computer Technician/Desktop Support/ Manager Vincent Computer's - Decatur, GA February 2011 to Present part time - while at Lowes)    • Managed the day to day Operations of Vincent Computer's shop  • Refurbished laptops, desktop and various computer components  • Set up small/home office network for residential or business customers  • Interacted with customer's sales of laptops, desktops and computer components  • Resolving computer hardware, and Operating systems (MAC Laptop and All-One, Windows XP, 7., 8, 8.1 & Windows 10 professional upgrades  • Provide emergency repair services to customers for computers, printers networking equipment and servers at their location Technical Support Analyst III (Short Term Project) Avery Partners /Behavior Health Link - Atlanta, GA December 2018 to February 2019 • Lead Tech in imaging using Acronis Windows 10 professional 350 HP's laptops for new hires  • Active Directory management adding and configuring new hires accounts  • MS Exchanged Server 2016 Hostway setting up new hires email accounts  • Configuration of new workstations for new hires  • VPN installation set up and Configuration  • Assist with mobile device roll out for new hires  • Troubleshoot and provide technical analysis concerning operating system, and application performance issues IT Support Analysts III Novartis/Alcon July 2017 to August 2018 Contractor)    • Actively planned migration from using SCCM (Windows 7 to Windows 10 Enterprise), coordinating with users, management, project management and co- workers Server Build (Jump)  • Technical Support for desktop, servers, telephones, endpoint devices printers and software.  • Configuration of new workstations for new hires and intern's endpoint devices  • Follows established procedures to process IT requests, troubleshoots incidents for resolution or escalation to the Global Information Service End User Group  • Monitor and responds to application and system security alerts  • Work with system engineers, application engineers to resolve issues with applications conflicts. (SAP, AmiPro, and Solid Works PDM)  • Managed large, complex environments with hundreds of servers across multiple datacenters on multiple continents  • Perform preventive maintenance, software/hardware upgrades, patch maintenance and firmware upgrades.  • Perform desktop installations basic cabling network monitoring and troubleshooting of the network and systems residing on the network.  • Coordinated with other teams to support network hardware such as firewalls, load balancers and switches and storage hardware such as SAN, DAS and NAS systems  • Administered VMware virtual machines, hypervisors and clusters with support from virtualization engineers  • De-Installation of Data Center servers, switches, routers and cables  • Migration of phone from Avaya over to Cisco Phone's VOIP  • Dell Inspiron 15 3000 series ram Asset Management collection of old printers, desktops, monitors, laptops, servers, and switches for recycling  • Assisted manager on special projects, of new unit's with different application SCADA, MES units for production line, labs, and engineer's testing JR System Administrator Larry the Computer Guy - Stone Mountain, GA October 2013 to June 2017 • Supported end users  • Administered Active Directory and Group Policy for three autonomous networks  • in a 3000+ user environment.  • Administered and maintained end-user accounts permissions and access rights.  • Technical support on desktop, servers, telephones, printers and software endpoint devices  • Respond to Incident, Work order requests via telephone calls, email and personnel  • Follow up with end users to ensure timely resolution.  • VIP Support for Corporate users on high standard, customer service. Active Directory management (adding and configuring new workstations and setting up user accounts to provide authorizations)    • Server maintenance and support  • Perform network maintenance and system upgrades including service packs, patches, hot fixes and security configurations.  • Manage and perform system backups and recovery.  • Active Directory Federation Services (ADFS)  • Enterprise Deployment of Windows 7 and 10 professional, server 2012 (Ghosting Image and SCCM)  • Performance monitoring and optimization (SCOM) Desktop Support/Field Technician Lowes - Atlanta, GA October 2015 to September 2016 • Interacted with store management responding to technical questions or requests for information  • Deployed, administered and supported Windows servers in a fast-paced, demanding business environment  • Maintained the highest level of customer satisfaction by resolving all tangible problems and concerns  • Escalated problems and issues to a higher level of support. This includes service that exceeds response time, repair time, lack of parts, or any other issue that could impact customer satisfaction  • Performed general maintenance tasks, troubleshoots, and repairs computer systems and peripheral equipment  • Active Directory Federation Services (ADFS)  • Maintained the LAN which includes daily monitoring for system failures, performing daily data backups and network performance tracking.  • Responded to troubleshoot and repair failures preventing customer access to critical applications throughout the organization.  • Performed basic computer hardware/equipment installations using SCCM updates, patches  • Ticket/Task management in Service Now  • Maintained all Lowe's IT hardware including but not limited to: POS, PC, printers, lookup terminals, AP's, servers, network switches, MCC chassis, and endpoint devices.  • Maintains/manages all voice/data communications including PBX, MS Exchange Servers,  • Able to isolate connectivity issues with CAT 3, 5 and 6 cabling in addition to fiber  • Performed network maintenance and system upgrades (NAS Installation, Hot Swaps)  • Installed Windows Operating 7 & 10 Enterprise, documented, inventories, maintain, and troubleshoots all information technology assets using Service Now asset management application. Users Admin Rights Assigned Group 2010 to 2016 AWS Cloud Practitioner (Trained) Virtualize Servers (Installation)  Network Technician Packet Tracer 7.0 BMC Remedy/Service Now ticketing VMware workstation 9.0/12  Routers/Switches Installs/Configured Cisco VOIP/VPN's installation/Setup  Enterprise Support (800+ end users) CCNA (Training Currently)  AWS Solutions Architect (Training Currently)  MS Exchanged Server 2013  Performance Monitoring (SCOM)  Active Directory Federation Services (ADFS)    Designed Networks and Troubleshooting  DNS, DHCP, TCP/IP Security Configuration (NAT Routable Tables and Access Control List) Endpoint Devices 2000 to 2000 Microsoft Servers 2008R/2012R2/2016 Remote Access Support Education Interactive College of Technology Chamber - Darien, GA 2013 to 2014