IT Site Lead <span class="hl">IT</span> Site Lead Project Manager Bel Air, MD Active Secret Clearance Work Experience IT Site Lead CGI Federal - Fort Meade, MD March 2016 to Present Manage Network, Application Development, Service Desk and PMO  teams, totaling 25 members. Support major project initiatives by providing project plans, schedules, WBS and coordination between  contractor teams, Government clients and customers. Interface directly with technicians, subject matter experts, upper management,  Government clients and customers. Manage client expectations regarding network activities, emerging applications, and service desk  response times while operating within scope and budget. Provide conflict  resolution within and across teams by facilitating discussions,  implementing counselings, and ensuring settlement of issues. Project Manager CGI Federal - Annapolis Junction, MD January 2015 to July 2016 Ensured four geographically dispersed contractors consistently met  contractual, customer and prime contractor requirements. Reviewed and approved all monthly invoices. Completed all subcontract request forms to confirm adequate funding. Compiled and submitted monthly status  reports and EAC's to prime contractor ensuring contractual adherence. Deputy Program Director CGI Federal - Annapolis Junction, MD October 2014 to June 2016 Worked side-by-side with Program Director to ensure 50 member team  met mission, customer and contractual requirements. Responsible for all  financial related activities including invoices, EAC's, forecast summaries,  accruals, Health Check, etc. Input all contractual and purchasing requests  through CGI Federal's Federal Request Management System (FRMS) and Purchase Request System (PRS). Facilitated coordination of onboarding and outprocessing of all new/departing employees. Senior Functional Analyst CGI Federal - Annapolis Junction, MD July 2015 to February 2016 Created and maintained internal and customer facing project plans,  which included milestones of six (6) in-flight applications. Interfaced with solution leads, developers and testers to determine way forward on  application improvements and solutions. Assisted the Release Manager and Solution Leads in prioritizing and maintaining a list of Change  Requests (CR's) and Problem Request's (PR's). Defined business rules and requirements, created release artifacts and managed use cases. Project Control Specialist CGI Federal - Annapolis Junction, MD October 2011 to October 2014 Responsible for all financial and personnel related tasks (budgeting,  manpower and resource planning). Reviewed and provided approval or rejection recommendation of all invoices, EAC's, and Costbooks.  Provided ad hoc analysis and reported on the status of current and forecasted financial information. Simultaneously supported two Project  Managers for DISA's Enterprise Connection and Web Content Filter  Divisions.    ? Education Masters in Accounting and Financial Management University of Maryland University College - Baltimore, MD August 2014 to May 2018 Certification Community College of Baltimore County - Baltimore, MD January 2010 to December 2011 Bachelors in Mathematics University at Buffalo - Buffalo, NY August 2004 to May 2009 Skills Accounting (5 years), Budgeting (3 years), Finance (8 years), Problem solving (6 years), Process improvement (3 years), Outlook, Estimating, PMP, Project Management Certifications/Licenses PMP September 2014 to September 2020 GSLC March 2016 to March 2020 DoD 8570 IAM III compatible Project Management Professional (PMP) Driver's License Additional Information Project Management, Leadership, Management, Process Improvement,  Accounting, Finance, Budgeting, Mathematics, Agile, Communication,  Problem Solving, Professional Writing, Multi-Tasking, Organization,  Proposal Management