IT Help Desk Support and project manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Help Desk Support and <span class="hl">project</span> <span class="hl">manager</span> IT Help Desk Manager and Project manager- Telecommute Silver Spring, MD Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Help Desk Support and project manager East west technologies - Burtonsville, MD October 2017 to Present • My main task is project managing.   • Gathering information to better the website and applications that we handle for our clients and then relaying it back to the programmers. I test these changes and make sure they were done correctly before presenting it back to the client.     What I have accomplished so far:    • We have accomplished LMS (learning management system) and CRM ( customer relations management) both systems help our clients and their customer base.   Additional tasks:    • I also manage email communications (issues, questions, concerns) for our clients.   • Resolving IT related issues.   • Manage a team and have weekly meetings with them to make sure projects and other tasks have been completed.   • Process payments Enrollment Specialist American board teacher certification October 2017 to July 2018 I don’t want to say I was a sells rep but I was helping potential candidates who wanted to enroll in our program with any questions they had. I also assisted with enrollment.    This was all through phone calls after hours IT Help Desk Analyst Youth For Understanding - Maryland, MD May 2012 to October 2017 Responsible for technical telephone/email consultations.  • Remotely assist End-Users and also provide IT field support for new user implementation.  • Support PC, MAC, Tablets, printer, monitor, fax, phone, etc.  • Assist clients with Microsoft Office Suites  • Record/Monitor all of daily issues using Kayako ticketing system  • Responsible for maintaining inventory, package handing & shipping.  • Document system and technical specifications for both end-users and internal staff.  • Work individually and also in a team environment to help establish/fulfill all projects.  • Assist with computer/ hard drive /monitor/ back-up monitoring/ Virus control  • Organize teams responsibilities and assign team with projects and ticket errors received by Kayako.  • Troubleshoot errors with various systems within the company that end-users work on daily. Admissions Assistant Youth For Understanding - Maryland, MD January 2012 to May 2012 Admissions Assistance  • Uploading, downloading & scanning client applications.  • Managing incoming client email and mail documents.  • Filing and organizing client profiles.  • Timely attendance and active participation in regularly scheduled departmental meetings to ensure we achieve/adhere to project plans or departmental goals. Mailing room manager assistant PVC - Lorton, VA April 2011 to June 2011 Occasionally work shifts to overlook employees  • Tracked supplies and mailing equipment  • Advise/train employees on new products and material  • Responsible for inventory management. Sales Floor/ Cashier Sumerset Mall - Troy, MI December 2010 to March 2011 Managed returns and product availability  • Greeted and directed customers and introduced new material  • Answered phones calls and redirected to appropriate departments  • Performed and maintained the customer service level of the department  • Assisted supervisor with special projects Sales/Cashier Target - Madison Heights, MI May 2010 to October 2010 Maintained presentation in each department  • Performed stocking and tracking of new products  • To provide consistent and well directed target range of volume for all departmental functions.  • Provide methods to make better sales and boost company's productivity Hostess Circa - Washington, DC I just worked 2 months. It was the most fun experience I had a chance to do while working in the IT field. Education IT Professional in IT Coursera - Work at Home May 2019 to Present High School Diploma Hamtramck High School - Hamtramck, MI June 2009 Skills CRM (3 years), LMS (3 years), Account setup for new clients (6 years), Active Directory (6 years), Ticketing system (6 years), Kayako (6 years) Additional Information QUALIFICATIONS:  • Ability to plan work assignments and coordinate multiple project in deadline-oriented environment.  • Skilled in implementation, analysis, optimization, troubleshooting and documentation.  • Microsoft Office Suite 2003, 2007, 2010, 2013, 2019  • Ability to prioritize and remain focused on the essence of an issue  • 5+ years of customer support services. Including Windows and Mac  • Skilled at learning new concepts quickly while working well under pressure  • Reporting and creating billing invoice.  • Active Directory  • Exchange 2003, 2007, 2013, 2016, 2019