IT Project Mgt Consultant (Remote) <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> Mgt Consultant (Remote) IT Project Mgt Consultant - PwC Saint Petersburg, FL 8136133150 vnklinger2003@gmail.com    People: Exceptional Servant Leader who's a motivated, adaptable, personable, emotionally intelligent business professional consultant with 20 years in Administration, Operations Analysis, and Project Management. Ten of those years has been hands on with acquiring project management experience with the development of project charters, plans and status reporting. I am skilled with identifying ways to improve and re-engineer processes effectively and efficiently. Management Approach: Diplomatic and reasonable with project team members and associates at all levels. I am accustomed to handling sensitive, confidential records in a discreet manner. I am a flexible and versatile manager with the ability to maintain a sense of humor which is a serious requirement as a manager or leader. I consider myself to be poised, genuine, kind and competent while working alongside multi-cultural teammates and stakeholders. I am persuasive and clear communicator capable of building strong relationships while orchestrating and driving the successful, timely completion of programs/ projects aligned to meeting the company's strategic goals. I have been described as an aggressively helpful leader with superb networking skills to expand my network and sphere of influence.    Process: Skilled at driving results through strategic planning and project leadership to enforce accountability by key stakeholders. Prepare strategic analysis of potential business and/or operational opportunities. Communicate purpose and vision of the project and prepares summary reports and recommendations to senior leadership & executive management. Able to coordinate and develop comprehensive, realistic, and understandable work plans, estimates, and budgets. Experienced at aligning technical solutions with business. Able to gather information while seeking input from several sources prior to accurately interpret and draw conclusions from quantitative data. Proactively react to change through a well-defined process by ensuring that proper mitigation is in place.    Technology: Competent at selecting the right technology to improve efficiency and productivity. Work Experience IT Project Mgt Consultant (Remote) PwC - Tampa, FL April 2019 to July 2019 o   Handles oversight and coordination of project deliverables.  o   Organizes project team members to ensure communication and understanding of deadlines, assignments and objectives for the upcoming ISO 27001 external audit.  o   Engages management appropriately and in a timely manner.  o   Successful with managing a data integration team with collecting and reporting status updates to leadership  o   Successfully driving project deliverables to completion with patience, persistence, support and kindness  o   Successful with engaging with stakeholders and meeting with business partners to report project status PMO IT Project Manager Raymond James November 2018 to March 2019 Handles oversight and coordination of project timelines, tasks, milestones and deliverables.  ? Identifies appropriate resources and plans accordingly for projects. Organizes project team members to ensure communication and understanding of deadlines, assignments and objectives. Acts as the point of contact with customer project management representatives.  ? Develops effective tracking and reporting to provide early detection of problems and highlight opportunities.  ? Engages management appropriately and in a timely manner in problem determination, remediation, and resolution.  ? Responsible for creating project forecast and budget reporting.  ? Successful with managing a data integration team with collecting and reporting status updates to Sr Leadership  ? Responsible for managing and assigning of resources regarding people.  ? Successfully driving project deliverables to completion with patience, persistence, support and kindness  ? Responsible for project forecasts, and monthly budget reporting to steering committee  ? Responsible for driving weekly status calls with core team  ? Successful with engaging with stakeholders and meeting with business partners to report project status IT Project Mgt Consultant Raymond James - St. Petersburg, RU October 2018 to March 2019 IT Project Manager - ITGRC (Governance Risk & Technology) PwC 2010 to 2019 CoS    ? Handles oversight and coordination of project deliverables.  ? Organizes project team members to ensure communication and understanding of deadlines, assignments and objectives for the upcoming ISO 27001 external audit.  ? Engages management appropriately and in a timely manner.  ? Successful with managing a data integration team with collecting and reporting status updates to leadership  ? Successfully driving project deliverables to completion with patience, persistence, support and kindness  ? Successful with engaging with stakeholders and meeting with business partners to report project status PMO Consultant- Sr. Project Mgr Citi - Tampa, FL October 2017 to October 2018 (On Assignment through Real Judge Group) (Contract) Citi October 2017 to October 2018 PMO Consultant- Sr. Business Project Manager/Analyst - FRI PMO and IPB US PMO    ? Managed strategice projects focused on restructuring the customer experience with the introduction of digitization and CIP enhancements for the business  ? Facilitate development of new or enhanced cross-functional process flows and procedures  ? Helped to improve the client onboarding experience with various systemic enhancements related to the client acquisition, know your client, and client onboarding process.  ? Managed multiple medium to large projects or own work-streams within larger projects, both regional and global in nature, throughout the Project Management Life Cycle  ? Lead conference calls and produce meeting agendas, materials and minutes  ? Actively participate in strategy, planning and Senior Management meetings  ? Assisted with the proper definition of project scope with team members to ensure scope is aligned with the strategic goals of the business  ? Maintain communication lines with all stakeholders to keep them informed and to escalate appropriately  ? Assisted with promoting the business strategies defined by management  ? Project Reporting Visualizations- Created project status dashboards using MS PowerPoint & MS Excel, MS Project  ? Project Scheduling- Using Project Software creating project schedules and action plans  ? Communicating & translating project standards and processes to team to ensure proper governance was adhered  ? Ensuring standardization of project documentation across all projects within program  ? Lead and Mentor/Provide guidance to more junior level team members, assign tasks, review and provide relevant feedback and knowledge sharing  ? Managing resources for projects to ensure that activities were completed timely  ? Delivering training and mentoring project team members where applicable  ? Successfully driving project deliverables to completion with patience, persistence, support and kindness Sr. IT Project Coordinator/Jr. PM PwC - Tampa, FL February 2017 to July 2017 Jr. Project Manager Price Waterhouse Cooper February 2017 to July 2017 • Project Reporting Visualizations- Created project status dashboards using MS Excel & Microsoft PowerBI  • Portfolio Financials- Data extraction into excel for reporting project trend analysis dashboards  • Project Scheduling- Using Project Software creating project schedules  • Cost Consistency(HPPPM)-Validating vendor costs and updating project cost details  • Project Logistics- Resource availability reports  • Service Offering Reporting-Availability, scope, and pricing availability of resources  • Project Forecasts-Creating and updating project forecasts  • Billing Resolutions-Ensuring that vendor billing was accurate Project Coordinator (PMO) Jabil Global Services - Saint Petersburg, FL January 2016 to April 2016 Sr. Project Coordinator-HR M&A PMO (Contract/Consultant) Jabil Global Services 2016 to April 2016 • Created and updated project status reports from project schedule  • Ensured all project requirements are gathered  • Assisted in recognizing project's Key Performance Indicators  • Gathered information regarding scope, quality, time, and constraints  • Assisted in updating and drafting project schedule/plan  • Facilitates communication as appropriate to all stakeholders.  • Escalated issues to the next level of management  • Coordinated tasks involved within projects-multi-functional teams to achieve company and customer overall project success.  • Assisted in creating project budget utilizing MS Project  • Assisted in Process Effectiveness workshops with functional team members  • Facilitated weekly status meeting Project Manager/UAT Analyst Citi - Tampa, FL November 2015 to January 2016 Project Manager-UAT Lead Analyst 4 Citigroup - Tampa, FL November 2015 to January 2016 • Planned, directed,and coordinated activities for projects to ensure the accomplishment of goals and objectives within prescribed timeframes and budget..  • Project status report (Earned Value, Critical Path, Resource Allocation)  • Interact with client, customers, and suppliers to meet the objectives of the project.  • Develop a project plan with milestones and resource allocation  • Assessed business implications to modify in-house software while monitoring progress resulting in attaining deadlines and corporate goals as part of the BA team in an agile environment.  • Worked with implementation team at identifying and resolving testing issues  • Gathered data, analyzed complex business problems, and assessed how automated systems could be implemented to solve them.  • Team Meeting Facilitation  • Project plan creation and update  • Liaised between management and stakeholders for change management and obtained signature approvals, and incorporated feedback from clients and business to create documentation, templates, workflows, and processes. Sr. Project Coordinator (PMO) MetLife - Tampa, FL October 2014 to March 2015 Sr. Program Coordinator/Consultant (PM0) Embedded Value Initiative (135M) MetLife Insurance - Tampa, FL October 2014 to March 2015 Tampa, Florida (Agile Methodology) October 2014- March 2015  Sr. Program Coordinator/Consultant (PM0) Embedded Value Initiative (135M)  • Supported PMO with PPM responsibilities  • Developed and published executive-level communications  • Created & submitted weekly project status reports via presentations for program team.  • Maintained document control, database management, tracked project activities and deliverables for team.  • Managed multiple mailboxes in Outlook-Meeting distribution lists, Team meeting invitations  • Assisted in updating project budget reports for presentation- MS Project/MS PowerPoint  • SharePoint SME  • Assisted with onboarding project resources-3rd party suppliers  • Gathered all project information: schedules, data requests, assignments, tasks, and project meetings for submission to Project Site  • Worked with program & project team to understand and assist tracking all work, task and project assignments for various initiatives/programs.  • Developed, reviewed, updated, and maintained project status reports and program dashboards (Earned Value, Critical Path, Resource Allocation) Project Coordinator/ Creative Strategist (Contract) (Agile Methodology) Therapy Management Corporation - Hattiesburg, MS August 2013 to March 2014 • Executive Support for VP of Data & Systems Integration  • Developed internal/external marketing materials for social media marketing campaign  • Assisted with project plans, project definition reports which housed, work plans, project goals, objectives, scope, deliverables, milestones, roles & responsibilities  • Completed in house training presentation suite highlighting soft skills utilizing PowerPoint  • Daily scrum meetings with development team  • PowerPoint-GIMP-MS Project Project Coordinator Therapy Mgmt. Corporation - Hattiesburg, MS August 2013 to February 2014 ERP Training Planner City of Tampa - Tampa, FL February 2013 to August 2013 Project Coordinator/ ERP Training Planner (Contract) City of Tampa Government February 2013 to August 2013 • Responsible for the design, development, delivery, and evaluation of training materials for the Training & Development Division of the Human Resources Department.  • Established productive working relationships with functional subject matter experts (SME's) and technical staff  • Developed courses that included instructor-led video on demand and print learning resources.  • Supported Training & Development Management with defining solutions and strategies to assure cross training objectives were met  • Supported the user community and ERP governance structure including, but not limited to: Administrative support, Meeting coordination, and Facilitation of weekly status meetings  • Updated project budget in MS Project  • Generated project status reports for various project team members (Earned Value, Critical Path, Resource Allocation)  • Supported large scale training efforts, assisted functional staff with delivering training and developed training materials  • MS Project-Excel-MS PowerPoint-Oracle OLM Presentation Specialist-PowerPoint Franklin Templeton - Saint Petersburg, FL February 2012 to August 2012 PowerPoint Specialist (Contract) Franklin Templeton January 2012 to August 2012 • Created and designed PowerPoint product materials  • Modified and audited marketing products before being transmitted  • Utilized Adobe to modify marketing materials  • Advanced PowerPoint/Adobe Securities Ops Analyst Raymond James - Saint Petersburg, FL November 2011 to February 2012 Securities Ops Admin (Contract) Raymond James Financial November 2011 to January 2012 • Assisted in the successful deposit and entry of securities into cost basis database  • Assisted Securities Ops Specialist in the processing of securities before deposited into the DTC  • Ensured that securities were correct before deposit  • Access support admin  • Provided executive support to Securities Mgr.  • Scanned and electronically filed all securities received before being forwarded to DTC  • Utilized Access, Excel & PowerPoint Import/Export Coordinator Transitions Optical - Largo, FL January 2011 to November 2011 Transitions Optical, Inc., January 2011 - November 2011  Import/Export Coordinator (Contract)  • Executive support to import/export manager  • Responsible for interaction with both internal and external executives concerning the import/export process  • Managed customer service electronic communications with brokers, team members.  • Reviewed and audited entry documents to ensure compliancy before approval  • Improved auditing process by introducing systematic approach to reviewing and auditing broker invoices to ensure accurate billing before billing approval (reduced cycle time by 50%)  • Advanced Excel, PowerPoint Jr. Review Analyst GCF Valuation - Tampa, FL January 2010 to December 2010 Jr Review Financial Analyst (Contract) GCF Valuation January 2010 to December 2010 • Responsible for calendar management, requiring interaction with both internal and external executives  • Communicated and handled incoming and outgoing electronic communications on behalf of the Partners  • Assisted Partners with preparation of presentation materials  • Reviewed and summarized miscellaneous reports and documents  • Prepared background documents and outgoing mail as necessary  • Assisted in proper set up of project files upon arrival  • Time & Expense management & reporting  • Processed project financial spread reports before analyst assignment  • Prioritized and managed multiple projects simultaneously, and followed through on issues promptly  • Arranged travel schedule and reservations for executive management when needed  • Closely worked with the Partners to coordinate and launch hard copy or email project to: consultants, clients and potential clients  • All other duties deemed by Partners and Management  • Access support admin  • Advanced Excel & Access    Letter of Recommendation    Sent: Tuesday, June 25, 2013 1:15 PM  Subject: Vanessa Klinger    Hello,  Vanessa came to us on a temporary contract assignment. We were hoping that we would have a permanent position; unfortunately, that did not work out and the contemplated position remains vacant to this day.    If I had to describe Vanessa in the fewest words possible I would say "Aggressively Helpful" and resourceful at problem solving. Aside from being competent and a hard-working individual, I found Vanessa ready to assist others when her workload was less than full, a characteristic that can be hard to find. While she was with us and without prompting, Vanessa documented the operating details of this our company daily activity. This book has become a reference for anyone seeking to find out about anything about our operations. The book covers all of our daily activity, from inputting work into our database, inputting financial information into Excel, to whom to call for maintenance. It contains step-by-step directions for specific vendor forms.    When I first got here this organization only had three people in my division, The Company did not have a work flow and tracking database for reference purposes. I created a work flow and historical record database, as we then did approximately 700 valuations the year (now 1000). Of course, I did this early on in my employment while attending classes for certification. By the time Vanessa got here, we were still using the database but it had not been updated or further automated for years since core activities did not allow time to work on this particular project.    Although we use Microsoft Access, it is not very simple or intuitive when you move past simple database functions. Vanessa took over the database from me, adding several enhancements that are still in use today (reports, queries and enhanced input capabilities). Our time with Vanessa was too short but we continue to benefit from her presence and work that was done with our company. It is too bad our owner did not create the position. We could have benefited from Vanessa's other skills which include her creative ability, strong leadership ability, and education.    Obviously, we would recommend Vanessa for any employment situation.    Thanks!    Douglas E. Teten  701 S. Howard Ave., Suite 203  Tampa, FL 33606  813-258-1668 X 7105 (office)  813-658-3504 (direct)  813-258-2880 (fax)    "This message may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the addressee or authorized to receive this for the addressee, you must not use, copy, disclose, or take any action based on this message or any information herein. If you have received this message in error, please advise the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete this message. Thank you for your cooperation." Education B.A. in Project Management/Operations Analysis Ashford University - San Diego, CA April 2018 A.S in Business Mgmt Antonelli University - Jackson, MS March 1992 Skills Data analytics (Less than 1 year), Excel (3 years), Powerpoint (4 years), project management (1 year), Visio (Less than 1 year) Links http://linkedin.com/in/vanessaklinger