Project Manager, Process Improvement <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>, Process Improvement Project Manager San Diego, CA Work Experience Project Manager, Process Improvement Elite Metal Finishing - San Diego, CA March 2019 to Present ?    Manage the Lean manufacturing project for the whole company,   ?    Work with Lean sponsors/leads to develop process improvement strategies for the site,   ?    Evaluate production bottlenecks, work with every department to find all 8 wastes,   ?    Plan, deploy and lead all lean activities that will produce significant cost savings through productivity, quality, waste reduction improvements, and improving business processes,   ?    Implement multiple pull systems with visual replenishment signals in stamping, molding, and plating area IT Project Manager Ictas - Astaldi JV (Construction) - Istanbul, TR 2015 to 2018 ? Project management for projects; The Yavuz Sultan Selim Bridge ($3 billion budget) Northern Marmara Motorway, The Moscow-Saint Petersburg Motorway (M11 Highway Russia), Karasu Harbour  ? Successfully managed budget, time and scope for SAP system installations (SAP ERP, BW, BI, BPC, HR, PI, FIORI, Solution Manager and Portal Systems) and integrations with the operating side of the business  ? Responsible for creating, improving and developing IT project strategies  ? Reduces the external consultancy costs of IT maintenance by 45% in six months  ? Collaborated with team partners to optimize the SAP systems efficiency  ? Worked with internal and external audit teams Senior SAP Specialist ATOS - Istanbul, TR 2012 to 2015 ? Performed SAP Basis and SAP training consultancy for over 10 clients including Siemens, Turk Telekom, Vodafone, Turkcell, North Cyprus Turkcell, Altinyildiz, Oger Telecom, Enka Construction  ? Executed SAP product installations (SAP ERP, HANA, BO, BPC, BW, PI, Solution Manager) and EHP upgrades on most of the dual stack architectures  ? Applied SAP landscape maintenance (support packages, hot packages, plug-ins, kernel upgrades)  ? Administered, maintained and configured business critical production systems, provided technical support for SAP system errors, requests, and incidents on most of the dual stack architectures (both ABAP and Java stack administration)  ? Maintained system performance and workload balancing by planning and executing SAP tuning strategies  ? Performed client administration (copies, import, export), database copies and SAP system refresh operations  ? Completed SAP Security administration and implementation including Netweaver SSO configuration with backend systems    ? Performed Oracle and MSSQL database administration for SAP environment, designed and implemented backup and archiving strategy, performed database maintenance  ? Maintained and executed Oracle disaster recovery scenario and procedures  ? Supported QM activities as a member of the EFQM Quality Management Team  ? Earned ATOS Accolade Rewards (Successfully performed SAP Security administration and implementation including Netweaver SSO configuration with backend systems based on Siemens Systems. The project finished one month before the deadline.) SAP Basis Consultant Akbank - Istanbul, TR 2011 to 2012 ? Performed administration for SAP ABAP (HR, CRM, BW, Solution Manager) and Portal systems  ? Implemented migration for SAP CRM and HR systems; from database DB2 to Oracle and from operating system HP-UX to Windows  ? Executed health checks, dump, and performance analysis (lock entries, system logs and errors, system response time, processes response time, operating system related issues, CPU, and memory utilization, core file entries)  ? Performed SAP security and authorization to end users  ? Configured printer, output devices, maintained spool database and spool output request  ? Configured STMS, LSMW configuration  ? Applied for SAP license, implemented SAP notes, support packages, kernel  ? Reported daily, weekly, and monthly monitoring reports for ABAP and Java systems to the managers SAP Basis Consultant Unilever - Istanbul, TR 2009 to 2011 ? Performed SAP Basis consultancy for Unilever U2K2 Egypt, China, Australia, Japan, and Vietnam projects  ? Executed go-live and cutover activities in Vietnam for 3 weeks  ? Implemented 7/24 customer support with three shifts for 34 countries  ? Performed data archiving  ? Managed SAP Change and Transport Management systems  ? Performed daily SAP system checks, analyzed EWA reports, verified the stability of system landscape  ? Provided user administration support including user, role, authorization creation and security tasks Education Professional Certificate in Leadership and Management UCSD - San Diego, CA September 2018 to December 2018 Professional Certificate in Project Management UCSD - San Diego, CA March 2018 to September 2018 Professional Certificate in Lean Six Sigma UCSD - San Diego, CA March 2018 to June 2018 MBA Istanbul Bilgi University 2013 to 2014 Bachelor of Science in Computer Engineering in Computer Engineering Canakkale University 2005 to 2009 Skills PM, PMP, Scrum Master, Waterfall, Agile, Kanban, Lean Manufacturing, Lean Six Sigma Links http://linkedin.com/in/denizabaci Additional Information ? Business professional with over seven years of IT consultancy and project management experience.  ? Competency in project management with Lean Six Sigma Green Belt, Agile and PMP methodologies.  ? Experienced in ITIL Service Management and Service Level Agreement (SLA) approaches.  ? Focused on project management, and have professional certificates from UCSD Project Management (6 months) and Leadership & Management (3 months) Extension Programs.  ? Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, adaptability and a self-learner.  ? Strength in multi-tasking, carrying out tasks under aggressive timelines, planning and time management.