Student of Data Science Student of Data Science Data Analyst, Technical PM, & Aspiring Data Scientist Los Angeles, CA Project Leader with 5+ years experience in data analysis, graphics & visualizations, and driving IT infrastructure projects. Currently completing a career refocus in Data Science, ML, + AI. Work Experience Student of Data Science Projects & MOOCS - (Coursera + Udemy) January 2019 to Present Projects:    EyeNimal Safari | Computer Vision  - JUNE 2019  ? Built and trained 4 different Convolutional Neural Networks using YOLO v3 (on PyTorch) to classify 5000 animal images (web scraped with BeautifulSoup 4) into 10 labels    MovieLens | Recommendation Systems - MAY 2019  ? Developed movie recommendation systems with 4 different models (Content-Based, Collaborative Filtering, Matrix Factorization, and Deep Learning) using numpy, pandas, scipy, sklearn, seaborn, and pytorch    Zillow Housing Prices | Predictive Models - APRIL 2019  ? Processed the public Zillow dataset (n=~110M) to predict housing prices, using XGBoost on linear regression models, hyperparameter tuning by property size, zip code, and house age as main features and parameters    ===    Coursera - Courses & Grades:     A.I. & Machine Learning -  • Machine Learning // Offered by Stanford University // 11-week curriculum - (Grade Achieved: 98.8%, Credential ID: LQBHLNU6FUST)  • Neural Networks and Deep Learning // Offered by deeplearning.ai // 5-week curriculum focused for Machine Learning Engineers - (Grade Achieved: 99.3%, Credential ID: GVPKNHPAXAH9)  • AI For Everyone // Offered by deeplearning.ai // 4-week curriculum focused for Product Managers - (Grade Achieved: 91.9%, Credential ID: NZY8BCDUL3VE)    Big Data -  • SQL for Data Science // Offered by University of California, Davis // 5-week curriculum - (Grade Achieved: 98.6%, Credential ID: NYWS5YLMR6JJ)    ===    Udemy - Courses & Grades:    Data Science, Machine Learning, & A.I. -  • Python A-Z™: Python For Data Science // Instructor: Kirill Eremenko // 72-lecture curriculum - (Credential ID: UC-KZPN2N3L)    Python, Scripting, Data Structures, & Algorithms -  • Complete Python Bootcamp: Go from zero to hero in Python 3 // Instructor: Jose Portilla // 186-lecture curriculum - (Credential ID: UC-BHDNL3QQ)  • Automate the Boring Stuff with Python Programming // Instructor: Al Sweigart // 51-lecture curriculum - (Credential ID: UC-39LW3GSK)    ===    Statistical Models & Other Skills -     Topics Covered:  ? Data Wrangling with Python, Pandas, NumPy, and SQL  ? Data Visualization with Matplotlib  ? Web Scraping with BeautifulSoup  ? Frequentist & Bayesian Statistical Methods   ? Regression (Linear, Multi-Variate, Logistic)  ? Hypothesis Testing & A/B Testing   ? Supervised & Unsupervised ML methods for Classification & Clustering  ? Time Series Analysis  ? PySpark & Big Data  ? Deep Learning - PyTorch focused Big Data - Product Analyst (Freelance) Self-Employed (Consultant @ Growing Ad-Tech Startups) - Los Angeles, CA March 2018 to Present Currently freelancing on several roles related to ad-tech, big data, and game design. Worked on a couple top-secret iOS + Android projects with a growing ad-tech startup in San Francisco, experimenting the market viability of the hyper-casual gamer demographic on mobile. Used market data to design games fine-tuned around metrics, optimizing user retention for intelligent ad displacement.    ? Closely examined customer traffic, play time, and ad consumption behaviors; developing a deep understanding of the gamer experience and provided actionable recommendations for the next releases  ? Led gameplay, assets, and feature design, leveraging our client's ad network data to optimize for ad placements and user retention  ? Conducted daily teleconference stand-ups to a team of 4, including 2 offshore developers (time zones: GMT +1, +8)  ? Developed wireframes at guidance of Marketing and Ad-Tech — experimented market viability of the hyper-casual game demographic  ? As one of the earliest products in our client's queue, helped them refine processes for scaling as they explored working with a variety of other independent teams    Skills: Scrum Ceremonies, Product Management, A/B Testing (Optimizely), Game Design, Documentation, Requirements Gathering, Confluence Co-Founder and Product (Design & Data) Essen - Los Angeles, CA September 2018 to May 2019 A food startup focused on culture, community, and people. Leveraging expertise in art, technology, and data insights, we are building a platform to empower food creators. Currently operating in stealth mode. PMO - Business Analyst / Jr. Project Manager Dine Brands Global (IHOP & Applebee's Corporate Support) - Glendale, CA September 2017 to March 2018 Helped define workflow in newly formed PMO, establishing governance and ITIL best practices to once siloed technical, finance, and executive teams. Efforts help launch several digital projects through infrastructure upgrades, leading to increased customer sales and engagement at restaurant locations and online orders.    ? Analyzed and visualized project health, cautioning program managers of any slips in scope, schedule, and budget  ? Initiated conversations and gathered requirements from Data Security and Data Engineering, helping define and document the ETL Pipeline for Oracle DW to AWS Migration   ? Took over Data Center HW Refresh, PC Upgrade, RHEL 7 Update, VoIP Migration, and WIFI Rollout projects mid-way, retroactively filling in knowledge gaps between PMO and Business  ? Led WIFI Rollout / Survey project, meeting bi-monthly with AT&T, driving 84% franchisee adoption — a massive win for IT, Special Projects, and the Server Tablet initiative  ? Developed and finalized 2018 IT Budget Estimates, identifying and reporting $1.2M in potential savings by eliminating unaccounted license renewals  ? PMO Lead of monthly financial reconciliation, developing workflow between PMO, QA, Special Projects, Mobile Ordering, and AP groups  ? Spearheaded Change Control Board (CCB) syncs, and managed IT Work Request (ITWR) ticketing queues for PMO  ? Developed, visualized, and documented workflows: improving collaboration between business units, contributing to Level 1 PMO maturity growth    Skills: Project Management, Documentation, Milestone Tracking, Budgeting, Vendor Management, Invoicing, Confluence, JIRA, ETL Pipeline, AWS, Redshift, Kafka Fiber Network Data - Data Project Lead / Coordinator Google Inc. (Consultant with Arris International) - Mountain View, CA August 2015 to July 2017 Helped Google build new inventory tool for tracking granular details of network health, asset growth, and costs. FND (Fiber Network Data) is responsible for the collection and organization of the deployed physical network infrastructure data in a structured and truthful database system and to provide services for analyzing, reporting, and visualizing that data.    ? Quantified fiber builds + disconnects, uncovering through data analysis of network metrics, an $8-12M in potential savings by decommissioning duplicate fiber builds  ? Calculated costs tied to network infrastructure (including: fiber pairs, voice circuits, and edge devices), visualizing to Google TPM's the costs of monthly infrastructure growth  ? SME of East (NASA) and APAC Metro Regions, working closely with Google technical project managers, GIS Engineers, and Data Analysts  ? Increased handover package delivery by 33% for network capacity planners as owner of LW & FASTER submarine system documentation  ? Produced 7% increase in handover package validity and accuracy by conducting site surveys at MDF & IDF rooms  ? Facilitated daily calls with both local and regional ISP bird-testers to verify light specifications of dark fibers, ensuring data integrity for network engineers and planners  ? Created network flow diagrams with Visio and draw.io  ? Collaborated with NetOps TPM and Network Engineers to review HVAC + Power Heat Maps / Designs  ? Trained new GIS Data Analyst hires in both informal and formal (classroom) settings, familiarizing new engineers with internal tools    Skills:  Project Management, Documentation, Milestone Tracking, Budgeting, Vendor Management, Training New Hires, Data Center Builds, Dark Fiber, HVAC, Heat Maps, IDF / MDF Rooms, PROD / CORP Networks, Bird-Testing, Invoicing Fiber Network Data - GIS Data Analyst (@Google) Google Inc. (Consultant with Arris International) - Mountain View, CA April 2014 to August 2015 ARRIS Group is the consulting division of Arris International, a large player in telecom equipment and related services. Not historically a telecom company, Google sought the expertise of Arris to make sense of legacy network infrastructure asset data, model future + backlog data center builds, and help transition the company into best telecom industry practices.    ? Performed data analysis, modeling (GeoJSON), and reports using DbVisualizer (SQL) and Tableau  ? Extracted and cleansed data for integrity, transformation, and loading -- aiding development of new internal network health + infrastructure asset tracking tool  ? Built-out and modeled (layer 1) fiber configurations of ISP/OSP, ensuring data integrity of Google’s PROD and CORP network infrastructure assets -- using a mixture of MapInfo, NetCracker, and internal tools (such as Google Data Studio and BigQuery GIS)    Skills: Data Analysis, Visualizations, Data Reporting, ETL Pipeline, MapInfo, GeoJSON, DbVisualizer, Tableau, Google Data Studio, BigQuery GIS NetOps - Data Analyst (@Google) Google Inc. (via Astreya Partners) - Mountain View, CA July 2013 to March 2014 Contract role with the NetOps COM team at Google. As Data Analyst, I used SQL to export large tables of thousands of rows, cleansing data for transformation and loading. Used Python and regular expressions to automate the process of standardizing the data.    ? Scripted in Python to automate repetitive cleansing tasks of voice circuits and invoice data  ? Developed ETL mapping processes alongside NetOps Data Engineers and COM Team TPM's  ? Streamlined data entry workflow by 80% by creating SQL bulk insert template for team  ? Identified that 26% of voice contracts were poorly inputted between internal systems; cleansed and transformed the bad data into something human-readable and consistent on Cloud SQL    Skills: Scripting in Python, SQL, Data Cleansing, ETL Mapping Jr. Data Analyst (@NetApp) NetApp (via WorkforceLogic) - Sunnyvale, CA April 2013 to May 2013 ? Quantified weekly completed test server audits and visualized totals in Excel  ? Audited lab equipment in the SVL labs using the NetApp internal web tool ELMS  ? Ran tests and scripts to determine appropriate methods to remedy potential server malfunctions    Skills: Excel, Reporting, SQL International English Teacher Teach and Learn in Korea (TaLK) - Yeongdong-gun, Chungcheongbuk-do, Korea June 2012 to February 2013 Teach & Learn in Korea (TaLK) is an international scholarship funded by the Ministry of Education, Science and Technology in South Korea.  It is an immersion program, aiming to help younger students in rural parts of Korea interact with English-speakers. I was the daytime curriculum English teacher (Grades 5-6), including the after-school program (Grades 1-4) at ?????? (Yi Su Elementary School.    ? Developed strategies and techniques for teaching Korean students; independently organized students of different learning proficiencies (low, intermediate, advanced, and special needs)  ? Planned and conducted a special 2-week foreign language program for exceptional students across the rural county  ? Increased the after school English program attendance by 35% (from previous class semesters)  ? Participated in weekly language exchanges with various school staff and faculty members    Skills: Lesson Planning, Language Exchange, Cultural Ambassador IT Program Management Intern Hyundai Capital America - Irvine, CA September 2011 to June 2012 Hyundai Capital America provides financial solutions to individuals and businesses requiring assistance in auto loans. Spent a year as an intern to the PMO assisting in weekly and monthly overflow tasks in milestone tracking, data cleansing, email updates, and expense reports.    ? Managed IT Program Expenses of $15M budget; reported triggered risks to PgM, aiding in monthly financial re-forecasting  ? Worked closely with PjM’s in receiving weekly status updates; developed the Weekly Program Report, which was presented directly to to Director of IT/Business Systems by PgM  ? Developed RFP Evaluation Sheets; attended vendor demo presentations assisting in selection for new WFM/Dialer system  ? Maintained SharePoint 2010 site for internal projects, optimizing communication between development and management teams  ? Oversaw tracking of bugs, feature requests, and changes via JIRA for new loan system Daybreak / LeasePak (DBK/LPK)    Skills: Milestone Tracking, Invoicing, Expense Reports, Forecasting, RFP Evaluations, JIRA Project Management Intern Smith Micro Software - Aliso Viejo, CA June 2011 to September 2011 Smith Micro Software provides B2B solutions for mobile carriers and wireless technologies, including consumer-facing products. As a summer intern, I oversaw overflow tasks in tracking milestones, hosting one-offs, and contacting telecom vendors.    ? Tracked bugs and change requests via JIRA for mobile-device connectivity software projects, involving the use of WLAN and WWAN network technologies  ? Hosted and recorded conference calls via Cisco WebEx for weekly Scrum meetings  ? Prepared and managed MS Project plans by creating tasks, leveling resources, and monitoring the critical path; solid knowledge of SDLC best practices  ? Built credibility, established rapport, and maintained communication with clients including: Sprint, Verizon, and Vodafone    Skills: JIRA, Cisco WebEx, Scrum standups, SDLC Education B.S. in Business Intelligence & Management UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA - Irvine, CA August 2008 to June 2012 Skills Estimating (2 years), Budgeting (5 years), Scheduling (3 years), Data Analysis (3 years), Machine Learning (1 year), Microsoft Project (4 years), Tableau (2 years), Python (3 years), Data Center Builds (4 years), Scrum (2 years), Agile (2 years), Kanban (2 years), Drafting (2 years), Visio (3 years), Requirements Gathering (3 years) Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/ryanha1/ https://www.mebbetmrw.com/ Certifications/Licenses Six Sigma Lean Professional (SSLP) February 2019 to Present Management and Strategy Institute  #23120419 Change Management Specialist March 2019 to Present Management and Strategy Institute  #23120420 Google Analytics Individual Qualification (IQ) April 2018 to Present Machine Learning (Stanford University) April 2019 to Present Coursera License:  LQBHLNU6FUST SQL for Data Science (University of California, Davis) April 2019 to Present Coursera License:  NYWS5YLMR6JJ Neural Networks and Deep Learning (deeplearning.ai) May 2019 to Present Coursera License:  GVPKNHPAXAH9 AI For Everyone (deeplearning.ai) May 2019 to Present Coursera License:  NZY8BCDUL3VE Automate the Boring Stuff with Python Programming May 2019 to Present Udemy License:  UC-39LW3GSK Complete Python Bootcamp: Go from zero to hero in Python 3 May 2019 to Present Udemy License:  UC-BHDNL3QQ Python A-Z™: Python For Data Science May 2019 to Present Udemy License:  UC-KZPN2N3L Additional Information ? Data Science - Python, SQL, Pandas, Scikit-learn, Seaborn, PyTorch  ? Big Data / ETL - Hadoop, MongoDB, MySQL, MS SQL, AWS, Redshift, S3  ? Reporting + Analytics - Jupyter, DbVisualizer, Google Data Studio, BigQuery GIS, Tableau  ? Project Tracking + Collaboration - MS Project, OneDrive, Trello, Asana, Slack, JIRA, Confluence  ? Design - Visio, Google Drawings, Adobe PS, Sketch, draw.io  ? Geospatial - MapInfo, NetCracker, ESRI ArcGIS Suite, FME Tools