IT Project Manager / Consultant, Classified Programs <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> / Consultant, Classified Programs IT Project Manager / Consultant Ashland, MA Combines problem-solving skills with the ability to manage both people and projects to lead initiatives from definition and planning through to completion. Excellent collaborator; works well with developers and business owners to ensure that outcomes meet business objectives and are delivered on time and within budget.    Exceptional interpersonal, organizational and presentation skills. Ability to interact effectively in both business and technical environments. Hands-on expertise with MS Office products and CMS. Excels in Agile, waterfall, and hybrid environments. Work Experience IT Project Manager / Consultant, Classified Programs Draper - Cambridge, MA 2017 to Present Cambridge, MA 2017 to present  Not-for-profit research and development company, focused on the design, development and deployment of advanced technological solutions for the world's most challenging and important problems.  IT Project Manager / Consultant, Classified Programs  Manage and ensure timely completion of highly-complex DoD projects from initiation through closing. Develop charter, scope, project/program management plans, work breakdown structures, performance metrics, and schedules. Coordinate communication among project sponsor, project team, and end users. Identify resource needs, perform quality reviews, and escalate scope, budget, quality, and timeline issues. Determine resource requirements and manage project budgets.    • In addition to core responsibilities, led creation of a first-of-kind reporting tool for executive leadership to increase DoD revenue by tracking deliverables, owners, and status of classified programs within Draper's four main business units: Program Office, Information Services, Security, and Facilities. Resourced four business relationship managers to identify, prioritize and resolve critical issues  • Selected as the associate director of classified closed room support's operations manager, overseeing a six-member team focused on performance management, training and work assignments, and workload prioritization  • Led high-profile projects for networking, desktop services, servers, storage, disaster recovery, and application management  • Served as POC for vendor to develop and build out a service catalog within ITSM. Created a workflow ticketing system and facilitated support in order to address user issues, deploy new services, and recover unused assets  • Manage procurement process for HW/SW for standing up new classified programs, Draper-wide  • Delivered four converged company-wide infrastructure projects to support multiple phased closed room initiatives. Managed implementation and procurement while expediting execution schedule to reduce set up and approval by 75% IT Project Manager / Consultant, Data Management Medtronic - Mansfield, MA 2016 to 2017 Created project plans and work schedules to meet business objectives and priorities. Furnished project plan updates and status reporting. Performed risk assessments and initiated action to mitigate. Tracked and resolved issues to ensure projects were completed on-time and within budget. Executed and followed change control processes. Provided training on project management principles and practices while in support of business applications, systems owners, and infrastructure. Managed work streams on concurrent programs.    • Led project to implement FDA-mandated record keeping system, including electronic file submission capability, on budget and on time against a tight deadline IT Project Manager / Consultant, Marketing Technology Biogen - Cambridge, MA 2014 to 2016 Cambridge, MA 2014 to 2016  Specializing in the discovery, development, and delivery of therapies for the treatment of neurodegenerative, hematologic, and autoimmune diseases to patients worldwide.  IT Project Manager / Consultant, Marketing Technology  Managed timelines, budgets and resource scheduling. Interacted with marketing teams, creative agencies, on-shore and off-shore development teams, business analysts and business sponsors. Prepared weekly status reports and identified and managed risk, issues, and dependencies.    • Drove end-to-end delivery of digital assets (websites, mobile websites, mobile apps, etc.) and associated data integrations.  • In first 3 months of new position, overcame an accelerated delivery commitment to launch 2 site updates and a new landing page, the first in the Hemophilia Patient brand category  • Recruited via LinkedIn to provide thought leadership and publishing industry expertise to clients and internal account teams  • Defined communications strategy for Diversified Communications that utilized a multi -touch approach including email, digital, direct mail, sms text, social media, web and mobile to engage customers and deliver relevant content and messaging Senior Project Manager, Integrated Solutions Marketing UBM Tech - Framingham, MA 2011 to 2013 Framingham, MA 2011 to 2013  B2B publisher; top technology media company for solution providers and the IT channel.  Senior Project Manager, Integrated Solutions Marketing  Recruited by a former IDG colleague to lead integrated digital marketing campaigns for client companies. Project team included video producers, web developers, marketing, editorial, creative, operations, finance, sales, business analysts and vendors. Managed projects of every size and complexity including audio/video webinars, microsites, landing pages, mobile apps, banners, integrated print and online, and social media. Led QA user testing; in-flight adjustments to approach and execution; and modifications to timelines    • Resolved company-wide bottleneck of email campaigns. Closed 31 campaigns for the company within only 3 months while mentoring other Program Managers to avoid recurrence across the group  • Tapped to work with parent company on applying data analytics to measure website success for the group. Developed and implemented appropriate refinements to improve future performance  • Developed, tested and implemented client specific best practices and ensured appropriate project resources were in place and trained. Coordinated with Web developers on the creation, implementation and testing of landing pages to support marketing campaigns  • Earned the 2009 Summit Award for Outstanding Leadership, Client Service & Program Management, Corporate Recognition in 2012 as Major Lead Generation Campaigns Winner, and Industry Recognition in 2013 as Min's Best of the Web Nomination for Best Marketing Campaign Education Master of Business Administration in Marketing Bentley University - Waltham, MA Bachelor of Arts in Communications in Communications University of Massachusetts - Amherst, MA Certifications/Licenses Active Secret Clearance