IT Project Manager - Managed Network Services <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> - Managed Network Services IT Project Manager - Managed Network Services - Infosys Public Services Springfield, VA Seeking a challenging position where I can utilize my knowledge, experience, and management skills to improve business functionality with positive impacts on the bottom line. I am a technology savvy self-starter that is adept at moving into new environments and extrapolating existing experiences in order to quickly adapt to new technologies both fluently and rapidly. Work Experience IT Project Manager - Managed Network Services Infosys Public Services February 2019 to Present Provide support for Network, Security and Voice infrastructure within the U.S Department of Education and other government agencies. Complete installation, repair, and preventative maintenance of Network hardware and software. Provide daily technical operations, for various sites, involving network infrastructure connectivity and VoIP systems hardware and software.  Perform continuous assessment of network health and security, to include remediation, using appropriate software tools such as SolarWinds and Cisco ISE, Tenable, etc. focusing on misconfigured devices, problem areas such as traffic bottlenecks or overloaded devices, route optimization or any other correctable hardware/software issues.  Configure and support for the following: EIGRP, BGP, QoS  Provide advanced support for but not limited to Cisco switches, routers, firewalls, and Cisco CUCM/Finesse  Conducting capacity planning to include bandwidth analysis with tools such as SolarWinds.   Suggest enhancements to the network infrastructure based on present and anticipated needs.  Remote site planning, and equipment upgrades.  Maintain and update current TACACS+/ACS implementation.  Investigating WAN circuit outages and working with multiple commercial carriers and technicians to resolve issues.   Supporting off-site LAN working with end users to determine and solve various network performance issues.  Proactively monitor circuits and various components for alarms indicating any network events or outages that could impact customers' Network connectivity – SolarWinds.  Performing circuit testing with the carrier and/or customer.  Responsible for handling customer escalations – Contact and c IT Project Coordinator February 2016 to Present Project:  Integrating industry expertise and management acumen as a benchmark for inventive and creative solutions. Through global collaboration our projects guide organizations as they adopt new technologies and provide insight to improve existing processes.    - Subject matter advisor for IT solutions and various compliance governance.  - Identify and analyze systems requirements and define project scope, requirements, and deliverables.  - Compile and distribute reports on various project stages: development and deployment. Network and Security Operation - Lead Security and Voice October 2018 to February 2019 Project:  Provide support for Network, Security and Voice infrastructure within the U.S Department of Education and other government agencies. Complete installation, repair, and preventative maintenance of Network hardware and software. Provide daily technical operations, for various sites, involving network infrastructure connectivity and VoIP systems hardware and software.    - Perform continuous assessment of network health and security, to include remediation, using appropriate software tools such as SolarWinds and Cisco ISE, Tenable, etc. focusing on misconfigured devices, problem areas such as traffic bottlenecks or overloaded devices, route optimization or any other correctable hardware/software issues.  - Configure and support for the following: EIGRP, BGP, QoS  - Provide advanced support for but not limited to Cisco switches, routers, firewalls, and Cisco CUCM/Finesse  - Conducting capacity planning to include bandwidth analysis with tools such as SolarWinds.  - Suggest enhancements to the network infrastructure based on present and anticipated needs.  - Remote site planning, and equipment upgrades.  - Maintain and update current TACACS+/ACS implementation.  - Investigating WAN circuit outages and working with multiple commercial carriers and technicians to resolve issues.  - Supporting off-site LAN working with end users to determine and solve various network performance issues.  - Proactively monitor circuits and various components for alarms indicating any network events or outages that could impact customers' Network connectivity - SolarWinds.  - Performing circuit testing with the carrier and/or customer.  - Responsible for handling customer escalations - Contact and coordinate deployment of field technicians when appropriate.  Kotel  Manager: Muhammad Naeem IT Infrastructure - Team Lead Privia Health January 2016 to October 2018 IT Infrastructure Engineer October 2015 to January 2016 Project:  Provide a reliable network that provides the capability to communicate electronically across Privia's vast network of medical offices, family practices, and the public. (Approximately 150 different practices across the country). Installation, repair, and preventative maintenance of VoIP systems, software, and related equipment supporting daily technical operations, for various healthcare centers, involving network infrastructure connectivity and VoIP systems hardware and software.  - Collaborated with Project Managers to develop focused plans and technical solutions for a variety of networking and telecommunication projects.  - Managed all technology-related issues for workstations including repairs diagnosis troubleshooting networking equipment and software solutions.  - Oversaw all pre-sale and post-sale technology support for client requirements and requests.  - Analyzed client's needs for telecommunication network and made appropriate proposal  - Reviewed and suggested contractor to clients for hardware requirements  - Reviewed and validated existing telecom services and solutions  - Configured, Installed, and maintained voice network systems and services  - Responsible for the analysis/troubleshooting of large-scale enterprise VoIP networks.  - Configured and maintained VoIP phones throughout several sites.  - Configured Cisco voice gateways, troubleshoot complex call routing issues and equipment upgrades.  - Implemented and maintained demo, training and development labs for VoIP Systems  - Built and tested proof of concept in lab setting and created best practices documentation.  - Provided technical advice to clients for setting networking systems  - Cisco Router/Switch configuration and upgrade.  - Diagnosed WAN issues including T1, some Frame-Relay, Point-to-Point communications networks and VPN connectivity. Coordinated replacement of network components with local carriers, vendors.  - Installed and maintained routers and switches in various network configurations supported VLANs, Qos, VoIP, and advanced access-lists.  - Troubleshot telephony related problems including VOIP, Call Center and Legacy system integration issues and resolved them. Operations Engineer Fairfax Family Practice Centers August 2013 to October 2015 Project:  Installed and monitored large scalable inventory of servers, switches, routers, load balancers and storage hardware in POP locations and scalable data centers. Managed and monitored devices in different environments, from Development through to ownership and support of Production environments, using tools such as Solarwinds, and fluke devices.    - Produced and updated network documentation (Topology Diagrams, SSPs, SOPs)  - Tracked tickets and escalated to meet defined SLA.  - Developed custom templates to automate processes during large WAN modernization effort  - Designed, Prepared, Implemented Devices for various site refresh  - Handled incoming shipments and track server assets through deployment  - Performed upgrades, configured maintenance, and repaired system hardware  ? Cisco ASR / ISR (1001-X, 2951, 2800, 3800)  ? Cisco Switches (2900, 3750, Nexus 5k, 2K - FEX)  - Used and maintain server automation and installation tools  - Ran reports on various devices in order to monitor CPU, memory, and hardware usage  - Ran and terminated copper and fiber cable  - Increased storage utilization for virtual machines by configuring dynamic allocation and intelligent provisioning of physical storage capacity  - Performed continuous assessments of network health and security, to include remediation.  ? Using appropriate tools such as Solarwinds, , and Packet sniffers, focusing on misconfigured devices, problems areas such as traffic bottlenecks, route optimization, overburdened devices, and other correctable hardware/software issues. Education Bachelor's Degree in Health Administration and Policies GEORGE MASON UNIVERSITY FAIRFAX Associate's Degree in Healthcare Information Technology NVCC Community College ANNANDALE