Project/Engagement Manager <span class="hl">Project</span>/Engagement <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project/Engagement Manager Monroe, NC I am an IT Business Analyst and Project Manager professional. My previous experience as a sales specialist/business development manager enhance my experience in domestic and international process engineering, business analysis, report management, ERP planning, business requirements, performance management, system validation, training and development, and technical project management.     I utilize dynamic analytical thinking and have a keen attention to detail to deliver measurable and user-friendly solutions. As a determined and technically oriented producer, who employs strong interpersonal skills to work with cross-functional teams and stakeholders to complete complex projects and redefine expectations, I've achieved success in every organization I've partnered with.    - Communications - Agile & Waterfall Project Management - Business Dvpmnt  - Documentation - Process Improvement - Software & Report Development   - Business Analysis - Pre-Sales and Sales Consulting - ERP Implementation Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project/Engagement Manager ESSENTRA - Charlotte, NC 2018 to 2019 Served as business relationship manager. Oversaw relationship between IT department and rest of business  internationally. Directed new requests and opportunities, scoping needs, creating solutions and costs, and approving and delivering. Acted as escalation point for unresolved support issues, major incidents, and complaints about IT  service. Partnered with executive leaders to understand and align with corporate strategic direction on vision by  calling larger IT organization to action accordingly. Reported regularly on projects and initiatives for which IT ensured  delivery of right solutions.    ? Hired and oversaw senior reports developer in charge of developing reports for various ERP systems under direction.  ? Managed the purchasing process for new ERP system for the global organization - traveling to sites, gathering and documenting requirements, user stories, and other documentation. Coordinated with two vendors for hundreds of hours of workshops with SMEs across three business lines within 24 different manufacturing sites.  ? Led several continuous improvement initiatives at various sites that led to the total cost savings of over seven figures. IT Business Analyst ESSENTRA - Charlotte, NC 2017 to 2018 Traveled globally to 24 different manufacturing sites and met with key stakeholders and site leadership to align IT's priorities with site priorities. Provided sites with right solutions, including 17 different ERP and financial systems in use as well as very lean IT support team. Spearheaded conversations with people at every level of business to build user stories and translated experiences into real requirements for software developers, system architects, network security specialists, ERP experts, and IT help desk for execution. Hired and oversaw senior reports developer in charge of developing reports for various ERP systems under direction.    Wrote reports impacting each department, including prepress, production, operations management, continuous improvement, quality, customer service, planning, purchasing, scheduling, and health and safety. Acted as communications and internal marketing specialist for IT team. Served as go-to guy for all written communications,  including ghostwriting all of CIO's company-wide updates. Started IT team's first weekly catch-up calls and led diverse, global group of professionals collaborating and successfully exchanging ideas and knowledge for first time.    ? Created world-class report development procedure and supporting documentation templates to standardize and streamline requirements elicitation, research, and documentation as well as subsequent development and deployment.  ? Rewrote aging stock report leading to discovery of finance team valuing WIP incorrectly, translating into positive bottom-line impact.  ? Built automatic report for purchasing department, showing all incoming raw material requirements compared to what in stock and what in transit with previous reports pulled manually.  ? Consolidated hundreds of different customer certificates of conformance into three primary templates, with urgent need to reduce human errors associated with complexity of different documents.  o Worked closely with VP of quality and end customers to deliver satisfactory solution.  ? Traveled to North American, European, and Asian sites to help align IT's strategy with local sites to best  improve workflows and system performance.  o Followed up with biweekly communication to show commitment to sites.  ? Researched and vetted several different financial system and ERP vendors and rolled out $20,000,000  proposal to unify all 25 manufacturing sites onto one common financial and ERP system over next five years.  ? Worked closely with IT security team to develop end user training and communications to help create more  secure computing environment within organization, with training successfully rolled out in September 2018.  ? Contributed to launch of first global intranet by gathering content and communicating requirements with global development team.  ? Created system validation document templates from scratch and conducted multiple site-wide system  validations in Europe essential for ISO 9001:2015 certifications.  o Worked closely with people at every level of plant operation to document workflows in great detail.  o Shared templates with quality department's global leadership for use as baseline for efforts moving  forward.  ? Quarterbacked several key initiatives on shop floor at different sites to improve efficiencies and increase quality position with customers; sometimes in direct communication with end customers to find out how best to execute wishes.  ? Collaborated with database administrators to better understand risks of database management process and built business case proposing corrective actions minimizing exposure by millions of dollars annually.  ? Overhauled goods labeling process by implementing new label technologies and setting up label printers at end of each line instead of centralized location.  o Spearheaded business opportunity for headcount reduction and resolved some key audit failures.  ? Provided ERP application support and training at all levels of organization. Sales Specialist ESSENTRA - Chicago, IL 2015 to 2017 Led selling of tape products for point of purchase, printing, and packaging industries. Impacted meaningful sales in multiple states, as well as all of Canada, with over $11,000,000 in sales annually. Worked closely with existing key  accounts on day-to-day activities by building relationships with contacts at each account as well as finding new  opportunities for sales within market. Reported on performance of territory, showing positive sales growth and displaying deep understanding of trends affecting sales across Midwestern, Northeastern, and Southeastern states and Canada.    ? Provided ERP application support and training at all levels of organization.  ? Grew Jacksonville express site to $1,000,000 annual sales territory, overseeing 20% growth after less than year of selling.  ? Promoted to $11,000,000 sales territory and relocated to Chicago.  ? Created training program still used today for new sales reps being brought into business.  ? Drafted plan to stock product in Canada to open marketplace with millions of dollars in potential annual sales based on prospect interaction, historic sales, and market research.  ? Traveled to key accounts and prospects, walking shop floors and learning about marketplace trends and how customers utilized product in processes.  ? Received glowing feedback from all supervisors.  ? Kept on top of emerging trends within industry.  ? Identified several national prospective accounts and won some for hundreds of thousands of dollars in sales annually. Director of Business Development FOBESOFT - Jacksonville, FL 2015 to 2015 Sold new restaurant accounting software to restaurant owner/operators. Customized impactful sales, marketing, and public relations strategy to develop brand. Created and grew dynamic marketing strategies to create organic  online footprint and grew brand awareness, utilizing social media, web development, and content marketing. Built  relationships with restaurant associations/groups to explore partnership opportunities while simultaneously harnessing  online marketing opportunities to reach independent establishments. Developed sales and marketing strategy from ground up and built CRM database from scratch.    ? Won company's first sale via cold calling.  ? Opened very first social media accounts. Manager BROOKLYN BAGEL COMPANY - Tallahassee, FL 2013 to 2014 Led brand new opening of largest site. Supervised 35+ staff, with hiring and firing powers. Made sure restaurant well staffed and well stocked and administered daily accounting. Maintained and operated pizza and bagel ovens as well as dough-making procedures. Developed best practices standardized within the organization for all employees. Wrote schedules for all staff. Placed weekly orders for new product and oversaw delivery. Provided training for new employees.    ? Ran cleanest and most efficient kitchen in organization despite overseeing busiest location.  ? Served as youngest manager in history of company. Communications Consultant FPEA - Melbourne, FL 2012 to 2013 Oversaw volunteer creative team and supervised internal and external communication procedures with emphasis on social media operations for organization. Directed team in generating powerful content to teach general public about independent education, promote association events, and connect families to strengthen homeschooling  community. Edited quarterly publication to all members, maintained blog and social media accounts with relevant and frequent content to generate positive discussions and interest, and published press releases about organization.    ? Brought on as communications expert at 19 years old.  ? Oversaw volunteer team of over 15 individuals.  ? Participated in strategic summits with president and board of directors. Education B.A. in Communications THOMAS EDISON STATE COLLEGE - Trenton, NJ 2011 Skills Outlook, Excel, Sales, Project Management, Microsoft Office (8 years), Technical Writing (4 years), Requirements Analysis (3 years), Requirements Gathering (3 years), Project Planning (3 years), Management (2 years), Process Improvement (2 years) Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/pricebaker Certifications/Licenses Six Sigma Black Belt October 2018 to Present