Cybersecurity Consultant Cybersecurity Consultant CISSP IT SECURITY / CYBERSECURITY PROFESSIONAL The Woodlands, TX Summary: As a cybersecurity architect and IT security analyst, I protect one of the most mission-critical elements of an organization – its data. Collaborating across operational divisions, I deliver vulnerability assessment, solutions development, project management, and rapid issue response. To harden security environments and create a culture of risk management, I implement comprehensive security frameworks.     I have designed, built, and maintained high-density data centers and engineered security solutions in blockchain technology. As a business success partner, I possess extensive experience creating solutions that scale while rapidly removing limitations, with limited infrastructure. I am skilled at working seamlessly across multiple security framework platforms to provide the best-in-class solution for every client.    Areas of Expertise: CISSP, CCNA Security, CCNA Routing & Switching, Fortinet NSE, Sophos Engineer Endpoints, XG Firewalls, and Blockchain Technology Work Experience Cybersecurity Consultant Albers Technical Investments, Inc - Houston, TX September 2016 to Present •  Architect comprehensive cybersecurity solutions for companies with one to 3K employees, deploying across multiple platforms in alignment with requirements. Built business to $1M revenue by year two.  • Partner with IT and executive leaders, delivering cybersecurity strategy, frameworks, and specialty equipment aligned with business goals. Manage security infrastructure, testing, and technology validation.  • Perform vulnerability scans and assessments, then deliver remediation guidance to harden cybersecurity frameworks and minimize risk. Provide emergency response to security events.  • Collaborated with security operations centers (SOC) to optimize activities, simplify data flows, and provide hands-on guidance to incident investigation. Deployed secure networks in diverse environments.    Select Engagements:    Cybersecurity Lead, Oil & Gas Services  • Provided cybersecurity threat response for large oil & gas services organization facing urgent situation due to ransomware attack and related operational shutdown.  • Delivered leadership in high pressure environment to rapidly architect solution, bring systems back online, and avert crisis. Designed risk-mitigating platform to harden environment from future attacks.  • Acted as in-house security analyst and cybersecurity lead following departure and replacement of company cybersecurity professional to successfully deliver existing projects and streamline transition.    Chief Technology Officer, GPU Source Joint Venture  • Partnered with software product developer to design first mass-produced GPU solution in blockchain industry, removing production and supply chain limitations through scalable framework.  • Built company to $1M revenue within nine months through solution that worked effectively in environments from 10-20 computers to 5K. Performed user testing and strategic collaboration.  • Designed and built high-velocity data centers that ran effectively in 100-degree temperatures, removing need for costly cooling methods and thus dramatically reducing facility overhead expense.  • Led development of custom GPU software for largest GPU blockchain facility in U.S.    CTO (Contract), Trusted Internet  • Established cybersecurity operations center (CSOC) within Trusted organization, implementing framework, processes, data flows, and response procedures.  • Consulted with private high-wealth clients with elevated cybersecurity needs. Assessed vulnerabilities, resolved issues, and architected cybersecurity solutions. Borehole Enlargement Field Service Supervisor National Oilwell Varco (NOV) - Houston, TX August 2015 to September 2016 • Led onsite deepwater offshore operations of Andergauge underreamers and NOV downhole tools, with oversight of 2-person team.  • Communicated with clients to determine run requirements and ensure performance to scope. Calculated hydraulics and setup tools before developing BHA.  • Graded borehole enlargement tools and equipment following runs, delivering troubleshooting to rapidly correct issues and ensure optimal performance IT Security Manager Bengal Supply - Houston, TX January 2010 to September 2016 • Managed IT strategy and spend, optimizing resources while implementing new technologies. Analyzed vulnerabilities, assessed threats, and designed risk-mitigating controls.   • Developed companywide policies for data security, designed and deployed secure network solution, and deployed physical security barriers/infrastructure.  • Reduced IT and security spend by 30% while increasing security and improving employee mobility. Software Project Leader National Oilwell Varco (NOV) - Houston, TX July 2014 to June 2015 • Served as Agile product owner, leading 15-person team in development of cloud-based drilling and analytical software. Led definition and grooming of backlog for product development.  • Ensured excellence across drilling and intervention mobile applications, with full accountability for performance. Provided SME guidance for drilling and NOV drilling software.  • Managed vendors for projects requiring external resources and delivered quality assurance final testing. Drilling Solutions Engineer National Oilwell Varco (NOV) - Houston, TX July 2012 to July 2014 • Investigated and determined primary modes of failure on underreamers, bits, and drilling tools used in offshore applications. Analyzed BlackBox drilling dynamics data to streamline drilling performance.  • Interfaced with clients to understand/meet application needs and present findings, performance reviews, and technical presentations. Delivered vibration analysis, predictive modeling, and technical field support. Borehole Enlargement Field Service Supervisor National Oilwell Varco (NOV) - Houston, TX January 2012 to July 2012 Lead LWD Field Engineer Weatherford International - Houston, TX July 2010 to January 2012 • Oversaw Logging While Drilling operations and personnel at the drill site. Deployed/operated real-time data systems and maintained LWD tools and equipment at drill sites.  • Created invoices, managed tool/equipment shipments, and collaborated with customers to design logs aligned with requirements.  Education Bachelor's in Industrial Distribution Texas A&M University - College Station, TX September 2019 Skills Firewalls (5 years), Security (4 years), Network Security (4 years), Incident Management (3 years), IT Management (5 years), Information Security, Cyber Security, Siem, Nist, It Security, Information Assurance, Cybersecurity, Cissp Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/joealbers/ Certifications/Licenses CCNA Security May 2019 to May 2022 Cisco Certified Network Associate - Security CCNA Routing and Switching May 2019 to May 2022 Cisco Certified Network Associate Routing and Switching CISSP July 2019 to July 2022 Fortinet Network Security Engineer September 2018 to September 2022