Technical Project Manager Technical <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Multi-talented Manager Greensboro, NC Highly motivated Professional who has had proven success without ever taking any Project Management certification classes. I gained my skills hands-on and I believe that is the best way to learn any new skills. I have now mastered these skills and I am pursuing a new position in the Greensboro, North Carolina area. Work Experience Technical Project Manager Horizon Technology Group - Miami, FL June 2015 to March 2019 Gathered and analyzed project requirements through interactions, meetings  and periodic walkthroughs with potential application users and developed  business requirements documents (BRD) and functional requirements  documents (FRD), "as is" and "to be" processes and user mockups.  ? Outlined work plans, determined resources, wrote timelines and generated  initial budgets as part of project scope determination for several projects.  ? Communicated project plans and progress to key stakeholders, including  project contributors, business, operational and technical resources.  ? Oversaw large portfolio of projects to support teams, reported progress and influenced positive outcomes for key stakeholders. Technical Support Analyst Global Engineering & Technology, Inc - Miami, FL January 2013 to June 2015 Proposed technical feasibility solutions for new functional designs and suggested options for performance improvement of technical objects.  ? Implemented company policies, technical procedures and standards for preserving the integrity and security of data, reports and access.  ? Developed data architecture design to enable analysts to perform targeted  customer analysis.  ? Independently designed and executed company catalog for infrastructure  support and development. IT Service Desk Analyst Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co - Miami, FL July 2011 to January 2013 Patched software and installed new versions to eliminate security problems and protect data.  ? Removed malware, ransomware and other threats from laptops and desktop  systems.  ? Removed and replaced malfunctioning computer parts to correct hardware  problems. Education Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Engineering Technology University of Miami - Miami, FL 2015 Skills Technical Support (8 years), IT Management (5 years), It Project Management (5 years), Project Management (5 years)