Project Manager/ Senior Data Center Engineer <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>/ Senior Data Center Engineer Project Manager/ Senior Data Center Engineer Raleigh, NC A motivational, client-driven professional in search of an opportunity to provide exceptional IT expertise. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager/ Senior Data Center Engineer BNY Mellon October 2018 to Present • Engineer responsible for Data Center infrastructure projects and day-to-day activities.  • Plan, Install, configure, Troubleshoot and provide maintenance of the Data Center devices.  • Manage full lifecycle of the Data Center infrastructure projects, from planning client server installations, cabling and designing.  • Provided excellent customer service and assist Data Center team in solving all server, network, and storage system issues.  • Worked in a face paced and detail oriented environment.  • Great knowledge of HP & Cisco standalone servers, enclosures, blades, and cabling standards.  • Utilized Remedy ticketing system for all Change Requests (CRQ) and Incidents.  • Proficient in working with CAT5e and CAT6 copper cable and multi-mode and single-mode fiber.  • Physically assisted in moving and racking all devices and cabinets in the Data Center.  • Utilized Skype for Business for communication within all teams in all three Data Center locations.  • Collaborated closely with Service Delivery and Planning staff to ensure all expenses are in line with budget and planned expenses.   • Development of tooling improvements working closely with the end users and cross-functional partners.  • Enterprise level routing and switching  • Remote into servers, routers, switches and firewalls to further assist with troubleshooting.  • Layer 2/3 routing and switching.  • Integrating Data Center facilities infrastructure at all data center construction locations.  • Nlyte Team Lead  • Utilized Cisco UCS Manager for daily for system troubleshooting.  • Experience troubleshooting and identifying issues with MS Windows Servers.  • Managed/ Coordinated activities of Data Support team consisting of DCS Operations.  • Managed contractors, projects, maintenance activities pertaining to all DCS activities and installations.  • Utilized OSI model for guided systematic troubleshooting.  • Ability to manage and effectively maintain multiple priorities simultaneously.  • Demonstrate understanding of routing protocols.  • Great knowledge of DCIM implementation tools.  • Provide quality, timely and accurate support of all issues.  • Installed, configured, maintained and monitored client access and VPN solutions.  Project Manager/ Data Center Technician Pfizer Inc. - Durham, NC February 2018 to October 2018 • Installed data wiring and patch cables  • Troubleshoot issues within physical and electrical circuits  • Expert with Fluke DTX 1800 cable analyzer for cooper and fiber  • Great understanding configuring and deploying Cisco Nexus, Catalyst, and ASR/ISR routers  • Ensured all data center related hardware installations/repairs, configurations, troubleshooting(Intel/Linux/Network/Mainframe), upgrades (firmware) and optimization  • Hands on experience with x86 architecture systems  • Identified and troubleshoot server/desktop technology, system maintenance, and disaster recovery  • Facilities hands-on provisioning (installing racks, setting up power, installing Ethernet, fiber and console cabling, terminate copper and fiber, labeling, remote power and KVM)  • Strong understanding of data center space planning, server cabinet layout, and cabling  • Strong understanding of structured cable design (fiber/copper)  • Utilized AssetTrack, IDIP, and Quickbase for all inventory for all data center equipment (all devices, SFPs, hard drives, fiber/copper cables, spares and test equipment)  • Experienced in vendor management with great understanding of SOW, service delivery and SLAs  • Diagnosed and troubleshoot all data center, network, hardware, and storage related issues  • Tested spare hardware diagnostics for functional status  • Configured access points and firewalls  • Expert with Remedy and ServiceNow ticketing systems  • Performed QA for all data center installs for accuracy  • Monitor and troubleshoot failed/missed backups  • Troubleshoot LAN and WAN fault isolations and networks  • Configured ILO and iDRAC networks and troubleshoot connections  • Great knowledge and experience with network, server and SAN devices (Switches, Routers, Firewalls, Fiber channel switches, Blade servers, and Rackmount servers  • Data Center Nlyte Lead for all sites  • Great understanding of Cisco VPN appliances  • Resolved and identified all compliance issues   • Great usage and understanding of HP Virtual Connect Manager, HP Service Admin, and Cisco UCS manager  • Ensured data of projects were accurate and provided in a timely fashion to the needs of the program and executive reporting  • Provided weekly status reports of data center development  • Prepared construction schedule with project team, incorporating procurements to monitor delivery dates, submittal approval, fabrication dates and site logistics Network Operations Engineer Verizon - Cary, NC January 2018 to September 2018 The Network Operations Engineer supports monitoring and triage of the Verizon IP Networks and Next Generation Metro-Ethernet solutions in the Network Management Center (NMC), ensuring high service reliability. Learning and applying new technical skills to support interdepartmental objectives. Effectively communicating and escalating events to escalation groups ensuring quick resolution. Utilizing a network management system via computer terminals to detect alarms. Performed as team lead of 4 others while monitoring routers, switches, and wireless access points. Completing trouble tickets to document alarms. Performing initial triage and remediation to restore services in degraded or impact state. Utilized Solarwinds and Splunk to monitor different sites and keep organized data to perform real-time updates to supervisors and managers. Utilized AVAYA system for inbound and outbound call activity, while troubleshooting and monitoring. Operating with multiple peer groups to investigate impacting events. Communicating and answering incoming telephone calls to the NMC. Utilized ServiceNow ticketing system to track all inbound and outbound trouble tickets. Advised and troubleshoot with filed engineers on utilizing best locations and solutions for Wi-Fi in business and residential buildings. Troubleshooting Layers 1, 2 and 3 networks and connectivity. Operating and troubleshooting optical networks and equipment. Managing IP routing and management of IP networks. IT Data Center Network Engineer BB&T - Zebulon, NC November 2016 to September 2017 Coordinating and maintaining the Information Technology ( IT) Data Center physical enterprise infrastructure systems. Provided installation, maintenance, and support of mainframe, distributed server systems, network equipment, and distributed mainframe storage devices. Responsible for the complex analysis and resolution of problems escalated to team. Performed all desktop support utilizing AVAYA phone system as form of communication. Supervised client upgrades, installs and escorting of Dell/EMC, Verizon, Hitachi, AT&T, etc Utilized software and hardware tools for identification and diagnosis of problems and factors affecting the IT enterprise infrastructure performance and availability. Great knowledge and navigating Linux, VMWare, and Windows systems. Solarwinds was used to help monitor servers and switches to help prevent degradation to equipment, and to maintain maximum efficiency. Utilized active directory to manage user logins and their authentications. Utilized ServiceNow ticketing system for all incoming and outgoing ticket to keep accountability for all trouble tickets. Troubleshoot network and firewall issues that may arise. Managing and troubleshooting network infrastructure in LAN/WAN environment. Installed many vender wireless access points (WAP) in order for maximum speeds and usage. Racked and stacked many Cisco equipment, along with Juniper switches. Great knowledge and experience of NFV Domain in my daily routine assignments (NMS/EMS/OSS etc.) Many daily assignments included receiving equipment deliveries, configurations of server cabinets, racking and cabling of devices, fiber and copper cable testing, troubleshooting hardware and cabling issues, and maintaining detailed inventory and interface documentation. Fiber Network Technician Supervisor Mercury Z Corporation - Morrisville, NC February 2016 to November 2016 As A Fiber Network Technician Supervisor I was responsible for a team of 94 FiOS Technicians. My assigned duties were scheduling, counseling, and guidance on Frontier Systems and Networks. Major tasks included: Turning up a Network Operations Center (NOC) from the ground up and collaborating effectively with Frontier executives. Advised and troubleshoot issues with Cisco and Junior switches and routers, with field engineers. Managed active directory to reset passwords and user issues.This included running CAT5 cable, punch down blocks for data and voice, installed software on all desktops, system automation/scripting, installed Ethernet patch panels, installed VOIP over IP phones, implemented LAN/WAN systems, managed and developed services, maintaining access for VPN, implemented 3rd party vendor phone systems, assigned MACD and built agent IDs, and monitored statistics using both Vonage and AVAYA. Performed many presentations from data received from AVAYA phone utilization from each support technician, from troubleshooting, call usage, and AUX times. Utilized ServiceNow ticketing system to track and account for all tickets. Tier 2 Technical Analyst SoftPro Inc - Raleigh, NC October 2015 to January 2016 Solving technical issues that are routed in my que. Provide technical support to customers to resolve issues on their computer systems. Also provide installation of software onto their servers. Utilized SQL to correct code and to analyze data to insure system functionality. Investigate and resolve bugs that may be degrading the job. Utilized ServiceNow ticketing system to track all tickets. Solved Microsoft Outlook and Office 365 technical issues along with connectivity problems. Performed password resets, along with creating new user profiles. Utilized active directory to troubleshoot and manage many different user issues. Performed many Server upgrades through using GoToAssist to remote in and execute tasks. Performed all phone support through AVAYA system, managing each call to company standards.  Tier 1 Technical Analyst  First point of contact for incoming software support calls. Handled 60-80 technical support calls as a call center representative; created support tickets and sent them to the appropriate support que. Technical Analyst Blue Cross Blue Shield - Oklahoma City, OK June 2015 to August 2015 Conducted phone research on inquires; Coordinated and handled resolution issues. Answered calls and inquiries on medical and health insurance and advised adequate solutions. Handled emails and phone calls in a professional and timely manner. Utilized ServiceNow ticketing system for all trouble tickets, incoming and outgoing. Airborne Network Surveillance Technician United States Air Force - Tinker AFB, OK June 2011 to September 2014 Provided personnel management for squadron by developing and maintaining spreadsheets for training, qualifications, and education. Performed installations and configuring servers and firewalls in the Intel Data Center. Installation and troubleshooting Cisco and Juniper switches and routers. Performed all active directory password resets and user issues for the base. Performed network monitoring at all times on the aircraft, as well as on the ground in the intel data center. Instructed new Airmen on running fiber and copper cables, and also terminating fiber and copper. Receiving and completing tasks at short notice, and presenting detailed presentations to the commander and flight chiefs. Performed duties as a mission aircrew member assisting active and passive airborne sensor systems to track airborne, maritime, and ground tracks. Education Associate in Applied Science in Applied Science Community College of the Airforce June 2014 Skills ACTIVE DIRECTORY (4 years), CISCO (4 years), JUNIPER (3 years), AVAYA (1 year), LAN (1 year), Vmware, Exchange, security, Networking, VPN Military Service Branch: United States Air Force Rank: SRA Additional Information TECHNICAL EXPERTISE:  Microsoft office/Excel/Office 365/Lawson Insight  Hardware maintenance on HP ML/DL/SL series servers  Proficient with blade server technology and concepts  Interpersonal skills and Professional Office Etiquette  Windows Server 2008/ SQL Server 2008r2  Proficient with AVAYA phone devices  Familiarity with Cisco/Juniper Switches and Routers  Expert with ServiceNow ticketing system  Familiarity with network interfaces and technologies  Experience installing and troubleshooting WAP/WLAN  Expert with fiber and copper cabling and tracing  Desktop Operating System Windows 7 & Windows 10  Knowledge in TCP/IP and DNS protocols  Mainframe/Client server software and data flow  Proficient troubleshooting/correcting network connectivity issues  LAN/WAN/VPN network troubleshooting and analyzing  Proficient with Active Directory  Implementation Specialist