ETL Developer ETL Developer Interested in Data Analytics and Project Management Milwaukee, WI I am an MBA graduate from the University of Wisconsin Parkside. I have experience with Analytics and Project Management. Looking for a company with long term growth opportunities in the Milwaukee area. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience ETL Developer VBA Software - Germantown, MD March 2018 to Present Develop interfaces for eligibility,claims,and check exports/imports. Created a standard process for 834s, and 837s. Business Systems Analyst (Consultant) Milwaukee Tools - Milwaukee, WI July 2017 to November 2017 Support core business systems such as ERP, EDI, WMS, SharePoint, and other custom internal applications. Performed root cause analysis and developed functional design documentation for new project implementations. IT Project Coordinator Nexgen Packaging LLC - Cedarburg, WI March 2016 to July 2017 Provide technical/business process support to B2B customers looking to integrate their systems with our products or services. Oversee implementation of new/ongoing IT related projects which may include, but is not limited to:  • Provide ongoing technical support to all users of PDM, ECOM, WMS, and PTC applications.  • Define functional requirement and identify project risks.  • Conduct detailed applications testing and facilitate integrated Business Acceptance testing.  • Create quantitative goals and ensure miles stones are met.  • Manage quality control of application development.  • Pull Reports using SQL to identify operation bottlenecks. Building Manager University of Wisconsin Parkside - Kenosha, WI May 2014 to October 2014 Ensured smooth operations within the Student Center after administrative personnel have gone home. Oversaw large events on campus which may have included anything from small gatherings to large wedding receptions. Managed and scheduled anywhere from five to thirty staff members at a time. Manager Subway - Racine, WI April 2013 to March 2014 Ensured smooth operations within the Student Center after administrative personnel have gone home. Oversaw large events on campus which may have included anything from small gatherings to large wedding receptions. Managed and scheduled anywhere from five to thirty staff members at a time. Distribution Technician Quad/Graphics - Hartford, WI March 2011 to September 2012 Responsible for the loading/unloading of semi-trailers, packaging of finished product, servicing of production machines, and maintained accurate inventory with the use of an on board PC and RF bar coding system. Education MBA in Information Systems Management University of Wisconsin-Parkside - Kenosha, WI September 2016 to December 2017 Bachelors in Business Management and Administration University of Wisconsin Parkside - Kenosha, WI September 2011 to December 2015 Skills Microsoft Office Suite (8 years), Strategic Planning (4 years), Exceptional Customer Service (8 years), Computer Skills (6 years), Leadership Training (4 years), Project Management (3 years), Implementation (1 year), Agile (1 year), PHP (1 year), SQL (2 years), Business Intelligence Awards Employee of the Month 2016-11 Certifications/Licenses Leadership May 2015 to Present Project Management December 2015 to Present Microsoft Office Suite June 2009 to Present Additional Information I have three Leadership Certificates and a Project Management Certificated.