Clinician Clinician Sr. Project Manager, Enterprise PMO Washington, DC I'm a passionate, creative, and driven experienced project manager focused on executing large-scale, complex, business-critical projects in the finance, non-profit, and insurance industries. I take pride in leading teams to reach common goals, cultivating productive relationships, and taking a strategic approach to problem solving.    I thrive in collaborative environments, whether agile, waterfall, or hybrid methodologies. I'm easy going and task oriented. I've demonstrated you can be productive and contribute in dynamic environments while being pleasant and laidback. I practice emotional intelligence and listen attentively to teams to ensure their needs align with project objectives. I believe in positive conflicts and am comfortable working through them to keep deliverables moving, relationships intact, and leadership informed. I've proven good communication leads to accurate reporting and informed decision making.    Specialties: leadership, innovation, team building, CRM, project management, project planning, strategic thinking, problem solving, process improvement, reporting, collaboration, customer experience, vendor management, agile, scrum, waterfall, change management, change control, risk management, budget, resource management, testing Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Clinician Lindamood-Bell Learning Processes - Washington, DC May 2019 to Present Work 1-on-1 with students of all ages to improve reading and comprehension. Implement customized lesson plans using proprietary methodology to assist students, who generally have diagnoses such as dyslexia, hyperlexia, or may fall on the autism spectrum disorder, to recognize words/sounds/symbols and form a comprehensive image of written materials.  Sr. Project Manager, Enterprise PMO Blue Cross Blue Shield Assoc February 2018 to April 2019 • Collaborated with leads from over a dozen affiliated vendors to ensure all work streams were delivered and accepted on time. Vendors included web designers, legal counsel, and customer service providers.  • Worked with over 40 project and technical leads to facilitate all aspects of technical and business process  modeling from requirement gathering, JADs, development, implementation and production monitoring.  • Consulted Information Security and Enterprise Architecture leads to ensure compliance to federal standards  and risk mitigation for secure delivery of Patient Health and Personal Identifiable Information (PHI and PII).  Page !1 of 2  • Consulted Finance and Treasury leads to deliver a newly created automated system for accurate and secure internal and external financial reporting.  • Managed member experience and production support work streams to meet BCBSA's quality member  interaction standards, including modeling and delivering updated interactive voice recognition (IVR) routing,  facilitating creation of scripts, training materials, and SLAs for customer service vendors.  • Led post-deployment defect monitoring and resolution efforts with testing, development, and leadership  teams to deliver emergency production fixes as needed.  • Performed change and risk management to communicate deviations from sprint commitments across the online member experience program to identify dependencies and downstream impacts. IT Project Manager National Council for Behavioral Health June 2017 to February 2018 • Successfully deployed MS Dynamics 365 to replace disparate relationship management processes and systems across the association.  • Designed and delivered end user training across the association, including identifying superusers and train  the trainer sessions.  • Engineered and implemented new process to record and define production issues. Included designing  templates, SLAs, agendas, and departmental and vendor points of contact for recurring check-ins.  • Reviewed and led process to formalize and reconcile previously undocumented work agreements with vendors, resulting in execution of Statements of Work to define and capture target costs for upcoming work,  actual cost for pending work, and an improved ability to forecast future costs. Project Manager Edelman Financial Services October 2013 to June 2017 Coordinated efforts with investment committee, portfolio account management, and led developers to update internal systems and client-facing sales materials for proprietary portfolio updates. Managed  associated deployment and testing efforts.  • Led MS Dynamics CRM upgrade effort for firm's system of record, impacting over 300 daily users. Created  unique enterprise marketing strategy to ensure high adoption rates. Included strategic selection and creat- ing task schedules for evangelists, potential unhappy users with social influence, and executive champions.  Coordinated UAT and training effort across 300 licensed users, including creating protocol to select, train, and monitor 30 evangelists to serve as ground-level resource to other end users.  • Standardized and streamlined recurring software deployments. Decreased required technical, SME, and  testing staff for quarterly releases by 67%. Created templates for release planning and testing to drastically  reduce cost to firm, allowing junior staff to take ownership from senior staff.  • Managed creation and approval process on client letters, forms, and disclosures from internal (C-suite,  marketing, compliance, legal) and external (regulatory bodies, outside legal counsel) sources.  • Created unique scalable, alternative internal communication strategy using existing SharePoint intranet to ensure daily users, management, and support staff had up to date information on system, procedure, and  training changes. Business Analyst/ Project Manager Folio Investing 2010 to 2013 Created processes to assess fees for over 6000 memberships. Coordinated effort across legal, marketing,  production support, and billing departments to implement billing system redesign to generate revenue on a previously untapped customer base.  • Generated project documentation and created templates for standardization. Included specifications,  proposals, project plans, webpage mock-ups, and process charts for peer, cross-functional IT group, and managerial review.  • Conduct department-wide review of Operations to catalog, analyze, and map processes. Proactively  sought out systematic inefficiencies to propose new projects. Interviewed stakeholders to identify  requirements and present projects for executive review to secure resource allocations. Education MA in Professional Writing and Rhetoric George Mason University 2016 BS in Economics George Mason University 2006 Skills Customer relationship management (5 years), Finance (9 years), Jira (3 years), Microsoft sharepoint (3 years), Ms office (10+ years), Sharepoint (3 years), training (5 years), Visio (3 years), Project Management (9 years), Change Management (5 years), Risk Management (5 years), Agile (5 years), Waterfall (9 years), Kanban (5 years), Process Improvement (9 years), MS Project (5 years), non-profit (3 years), Healthcare (2 years), Insurance (2 years), Documentation Links http://LINKEDIN.COM/IN/ENAYATRAFIQZAD Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) October 2017 ID 2099795 Certified ScrumMaster (CSM) May 2014 to Present