IT SITE MANAGER <span class="hl">IT</span> SITE <span class="hl">MANAGER</span> IT SITE MANAGER Detroit, MI IT Team Lead collaborator in the implementation and completion of IT initiatives. Fostering strong written and verbal communication & coordination skills. Executing team leadership through functional, technical design, testing and implementation phases of major software enhancements and upgrades. Improving recommendations to ensure the stability of Windows and Global architectures. Applying sound knowledge of Project Management and Agile concepts and methodologies. Work Experience IT SITE MANAGER EPITEC/FORD - Dearborn, MI May 2018 to April 2019 • IT Site Manager Utilization of Collaboration and Organizational skills addressing IT Initiatives. Escalating issues, privileges and change requests within the IT Framework.  • Determine corrective action for contacts and key players regarding projects and related activities.  • Performing follow-ups and monitoring the escalations until completion.  • Utilization of Share Point, Microsoft Office 16, Net-Ops, IT Connect and addressing Global notifications through Bulk-mail. PROJECT MANAGER EPITEC/FORD - Dearborn, MI November 2014 to May 2018 • Project Management with utilization of Clarity Application to input, issues, risks, and change requests for Genesis and HRREV Programs.  • Resolving issues, risks, and change requests. Determining the resources (time, money, equipment, etc.) required to complete the project. Develop a schedule for project completion that effectively allocates the resources to the activities.  • Monitoring the progress of the project and make adjustments as necessary to ensure successful completion.  • Utilization of Agile/SDM and CA-Rally Application to enter Backlogs, Iterations, and User Stories. Escalate all unresolved issues to appropriate system controllers.  • Ensure that the project deliverables are on time, within budget and at the required level of quality. Updates to DORF.  • Assist with preparation of presentations utilizing Microsoft Office. Assist in CPM2 Financial updates.  • Attend L3 Governance meetings as needed. Facilitate daily Global stand-up meetings with Business owners and developers utilizing WebEx, audio conferencing and instant messaging. Completed Ford Saba Training, i.e., CPM2, Agile Training Facilitator, and Microsoft Project. SERVICE DESK ANALYST STEFANNI - Southfield, MI October 2013 to November 2014 • Provided First Call resolution via E-Mail, phone, web chat, and remote diagnostics.  • Resolve Software Application and Hardware computer issues.  • Configure software application and hardware devices.  • Provide training to clients in the use of system and applications as related to job functionality.  • Escalate all unresolved issues to appropriate system controllers.  • Knowledge Centered Support Analyst developing articles and processes. Education Master of Science in Management of Information Systems University of Michigan - Dearborn, MI Present Bachelor of Science in Information Systems Wayne State University - Detroit, MI