IT & Business Solutions Coordinator <span class="hl">IT</span> &amp; Business Solutions Coordinator Creative Business Professional Los Angeles, CA Experienced Digital Content Producer with a demonstrated history of working within Marketing, and Accounting for small and mid-market companies. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT & Business Solutions Coordinator Ted Baker - Los Angeles, CA November 2017 to Present Responsible for determining, developing, and implementing information technology goals within the Service Transition, Service Operation, and Continual Service Improvement stages of the company.  • Institutes protocols for use of IT across department and projects, including Asset Management.  • Provides technical support, (configuring software and hardware), and training for systems and networks.  • Manages procurement process; invoices, purchase orders and vendor relationship management.  • Completes necessary hardware/software purchasing for ongoing projects, such as retail store openings. Volunteer Museum of Contemporary Art - Chicago, IL March 2016 to Present Guided visitors through exhibitions while sharing information about the artworks, and artists illuminating the contemporary culture. Provided set up assistance during special events such as Family Day, 21 Minus, and other programs a part of the Learning and Public Programs department.  • Created posters, and brochures for marketing purposes. Distributed announcements in regards to upcoming events on social media outlets such as Facebook, and Instagram.  • Assisted Resident Artists with design, and set up of creation stations during special art openings. Accounting Associate SMS Assist - Chicago, IL October 2015 to Present Researched and resolved accounts receivable issues with both the customer, and internal accounts teams.  • Reviewed and approved quotes, entered compliant billing invoices into company databases.  • Took ownership of month-end close responsibilities, including cash reconciliations, bank uploads, deposits, debt reconciliations, and tracking of vendor bills for completeness.  • Performed strategic account research to help with account based marketing efforts by establishing baseline rapport with vendors. Photographer (Contract) Minted.com - Los Angeles, CA November 2017 to November 2018 Worked as a Contract Photographer to provide imagery for clients that was used in various forms of media such as art, marketing, stationery, home décor, etc.  • A Provided in-home photography services for families that were used for Christmas cards, invitations, wedding announcements, etc.  • Utilized natural lighting, and travel light kits where necessary to provide efficient photographic services. Assistant Project Manager First Service Networks - Lombard, IL April 2014 to October 2015 Managed and processed incoming payments in compliance with financial policies and procedures. Generated financial statements, and reported detailing accounts receivable status. Maintained partnerships with customers, vendors, and other FSN departments to ensure the customer’s service level agreements were met. Participated in the administration of on-boarding training for new employees. Marketing Consultant Intern The Women’s Exchange of Baltimore - Baltimore, MD March 2014 to June 2014 Rebranded The Women’s Exchange of Baltimore by redesigning online presence, clarifying key marketing concepts (SWOT analysis), and strategic issues relevant for start-up/early-stage entrepreneurs.  • Oversaw social media initiatives that elevated the division’s profile as a stand-alone brand.  • Partnered with internal teams to ensure marketing deliverables meet timeline and compliance  • requirements. E-commerce/Fashion Consignment Intern The HAUTE Spot - Chicago, IL December 2012 to December 2013 Responsible for the creation of imagery for the company website, and all social media accounts such as Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter.  • Photographed a variety of products with various lighting, backgrounds, and layouts.  • Utilized social media engagement for audience demographics, and consumer behaviors.  • Ensured a cohesive customer experience across various channels: e-mail, mobile, site, and store.  • Organized photos-shoots with stylists, and models as needed. Photographed products for E-bay, and Amazon storefront. Study Abroad Student - England Coventry University - Coventry, RI June 2012 to July 2012 A practical session based in Coventry, England with Fashion Designer Gavin Douglas in which textiles and fabrics were explored. Participated in creating projects challenging future constraints of creative design through laser cutting and digital printing. Gallery Assistant Indigo Co - Champaign, IL March 2011 to March 2012 Provided exceptional customer service to internal and external clients, and visitors at gallery.  • Coordinated events, and assisted with all logistics and planning as needed.  • Photographed exhibits, and special gallery events. Provided digital medial for all social media accounts.  • Liaised with auction and operations department when necessary to ensure clients’ queries and issues are handled properly and promptly. Education Master's of Professional Studies in Business of Art & Design Maryland Institute College of Art - Baltimore, MD 2013 to 2014 Bachelor's of Fine Art in Photography University of Illinois - Champaign, IL 2008 to 2012 Skills Adobe Creative Suite, LightRoom, Microsoft (Outlook, Excel, AX Dynamics, Word, PowerPoint), E-Commerce, Sales, Marketing, Project Management, Purchasing Links http://www.KelliWashington.com Certifications/Licenses ITIL March 2019 to Present The ‘Information Technology Infrastructure Library’ is a set of best practices for creating and improving an ITSM process. It is designed to help businesses manage risks, strengthen customer relations, establish cost-effective practices and build stable IT environments for growth, scale and change.  Publications 365 Day Artists - Kelli Washington https://365artists365days.com/2015/01/24/kelli-washington-chicago-illinois/ 2015-01 University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, College of Fine and Applied Arts: School of Art & Design, 2012 Senior BFA Photography 2012 http://bfa.art.illinois.edu/2012/ph/ph.html#17 2012-05