IT Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> Analyst IT Analyst - Tata Consultancy Work Experience IT Analyst Tata Consultancy 2016 to Present Support production wholesale Core banking project and managing clients handling production issues 24x7 and ensuring the stability of the application. Production Support Engineer (Systems Engineer) DB-Internet, dbCoral and IDMS, Deutsche Bank AG 2013 to 2016 • Resolved Product issues and stabilized Product which has enhanced customer satisfaction.  • Solving the Incident tickets and service requests on a daily basis.  • Addressing Customer Calls across Geo Locations for quick resolution.  • Collate data for and help coordinate Capacity/Performance Management.  • Reviewing of Implementation Plans & Release Documentation.  • Active participation in Interface testing and End-of-Day/Intraday batch Support.  • Maintenance of application and ensuring the system is available for business users.  • Regularly following up with the development team to discuss the discrepancies identified during major releases of the projects.  Technology technical leads, project manager and Clients Control M 2008 to 2008 Windows server 2008.  • Good Communication skills to interact with colleagues and also have working experience in On-site and Offshore work model. Managed two teams of 5 engineers for product enhancement and delivered correction packages which reduced the customer found defects by 15%.  • Interacting with on-site counterpart and client to understand the project requirement.  • Participate in daily status meetings with team members, technical leads, project manager and Clients.  • Served as the Single Point of Contact (SPOC) for Disaster Recovery activities. Coordinated with Disaster Recovery Control Centre (DRCC) to maintain the integrity of production data, availability of application, risk within given RTO (Recovery Time Objective) based on the criticality of application,  • Conducted reviews on all the Incident Management, Change Management and Problem Management going to production which led in reducing production issues by 60%.  Client Service Representative  • 11 months of Onsite experience (Rotterdam) working and managing clients.  • Created a product enhancement package for a core banking application which reduced payment delays to the customers resulting in saving of hefty penalty to the tune of $ 5 million. The penalty had to be borne by the organization for a breach of timeline by the product offered.  • Played a key role in identifying the root cause and quick solution delivery in many instances for urgent outstanding payments delayed due to application failure, thereby overcoming the Business and reputation impact for the organization which amounted to $ 6 million.  • Better understanding of Payment's terminologies like SEPA payments, swifts' tags etc.  • Acted as a Disaster Recovery expert in coordinating Disaster Recovery exercises every quarter for the entire Bank owned servers.  • Created a structured and sustainable process for system monitoring at hardware and software level thereby reducing manual intervention.  • Managed job automation and scheduling for the banking application thereby re-engineering its efficiency and transforming it into a benchmark for an ideal product.  • Interacted with the Directors and Vice Presidents of the Bank on a regular basis as part of the customer feedback and delivery excellence initiative driven by me at the project level.  • Implemented various best practices from Lean Six sigma processes at the project level which was later appreciated at organization level and incorporated in various other projects thereby leading to an efficient resource management within the organization. Education Bachelor of Science in Information Technology VPMS Rz Shah College - Mumbai, MAHARASHTRA, IN 2013 Navodaya English High School - Mumbai, MAHARASHTRA, IN 2008 Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/raju-ajit-das-0192b275 Additional Information Core Competencies  Business Analysis * Process Flow Development * Relationship Management * Project Management  Team Leadership * Solution Advise * Technological Proficiency * Resource Management * IT service Delivery  Communication * Change Management * Problem Management * Agile adopted Skills * Strategic Planning  Risk Analysis /Management * Core-banking Production Support * SDLC * Client education & Support *ITSM    Operating Systems UNIX, Windows, Mainframe  Programming Languages SQL, UNIX Commands/Operations, Power shells scripts  Databases SQL, Oracle, IBM storage racks  Tool Control-M, ITRS Geneos, Putty  Domain Banking and Financial Services (BFS)    Key Skills UNIX, SQL, Incident Management, Problem Management, Change Management, Knowledge Management, Disaster Recovery