Manager, IT <span class="hl">Manager</span>, <span class="hl">IT</span> Manager, IT - Commercial Services and Enterprise St. Louis, MO Results-driven professional with extensive experience in leveraging technology solutions in consumer products, pharmaceutical and telecommunications including ERP, Lead and Order to Cash, P2P, electronic commerce, application development, custom developed solutions and system integrations and implementations.  Skilled in rolling out top-notch technologies to facilitate organization success and providing roadmaps that aligned business strategy, enterprise systems, and infrastructure capabilities with organizational strategic objectives.  Proficient in stakeholder negotiations, budgeting, cost estimation, project planning, resource management, and performance improvement.   Instrumental in coordinating with leadership, teams, and vendors to identify impeding issues, define long-term objectives, build consensus on strategies, and implement best practices. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Manager, IT Commercial Services and Enterprise 2019 to Present Deliver technical, operational, and administrative support to meet challenging business objectives. Lead a high potential team of solution engineers to translate intricate business requirements into simple and concise language for the CSEP releases of Siebel CRM, Oracle OSM, and BRM, MetaSolve (M6), Tap, VIPR and Expo. Define the release scope, communicate the release content, documenting functional requirements, traceability, UI mockups, and application process documents, use cases, and release notes for each release. Ensure successful E-B/OSS company-wide initiative by providing guidance to IT program manager.  Simplified key business processes through transition of new features and functionality for applications to production.  Provided strategic direction, ROMs, and LOEs by conducting reviews with IT, QA and the business teams.   Rolled out best practices across the solution engineering, QA and development teams in a close collaboration with management team.  Introduced IT program dashboard to improve multi-program status reporting for the E-B/OSS projects.  Successfully completed five major/minor release cycles for Siebel CRM and Oracle OSM. Technologist, Solution Engineering Commercial Services and Enterprise 2017 to Present Deliver technical, operational, and administrative support to meet challenging business objectives. Lead a high potential team of solution engineers to translate intricate business requirements into simple and concise language for the CSEP releases of Siebel CRM, Oracle OSM, and BRM, MetaSolve (M6), Tap, VIPR and Expo. Define the release scope, communicate the release content, documenting functional requirements, traceability, UI mockups, and application process documents, use cases, and release notes for each release. Ensure successful E-B/OSS company-wide initiative by providing guidance to IT program manager.  • Simplified key business processes through transition of new features and functionality for applications to production.  • Provided strategic direction, ROMs, and LOEs by conducting reviews with IT, QA and the business teams.  • Rolled out best practices across the solution engineering, QA and development teams in a close collaboration with management team.  • Introduced IT program dashboard to improve multi-program status reporting for the E-B/OSS projects.  • Successfully completed five major/minor release cycles for Siebel CRM and Oracle OSM. Charter Communications - St. Louis, MO 2015 to Present Contractor Solutions Engineering 2015 to 2017 Defined business needs into functional requirements for the T3 Releases of Siebel CRM and Oracle OSM. Utilized astute analytical capabilities for requirements analysis, coordinated with development team on the design of the solution, recorded functional requirements, traceability, and document release descriptions for each major/minor release.  • Identified areas of improvement by leading reviews with IT, QA and the business teams as well as analyzed release defects during QA and UAT testing.  • Completed six major/minor release cycles for Siebel CRM and Oracle OSM. Manager, Integration Team Enterprise Holdings - St. Louis, MO 2013 to 2015 Planned and executed highly complex customer integration projects with a keen focus on meeting client requirements and delivering projects in agreed specification. Directed a multi-disciplinary team of engineers, business analysts and product administrators. Delivered remarkable service and customer support for integration regression testing, external testing servers, and the monthly ESB release.  • Deployed multiple quality integrations with Enterprise trading partners by ensuring strict compliance with SDLC processes, resulting in generating over $4B in revenue for FY2014.  • Introduced effective procedures for customer integration by documenting the appropriate processes to be followed resulting in over 50 successful implementations. Project Manager Rental Operations and Services 2012 to 2013 Spearheaded application development projects for the CC Web application. Provided expert advice to prioritize projects based on business strategies. Held bottom line accountability for devising project plans with resources, work estimates and costs. Enabled contact center management to measure efficiencies and service quality for the contact center operations.  • Maximized end-user satisfaction levels by successfully implementing contact center dashboards for 500 users.  • Increased new user interface for team and department metrics from more than six different external data sources. Manager, BIS Service KV PHARMACEUTICAL - St. Louis, MO 2009 to 2011 Accomplished all significant challenges associated with the upgrade strategy, direction and support of applications managed including JD Edwards and electronic commerce and EDI solutions. Achieved strategic objectives and operational efficiency by setting department goals, operating procedures, and IT strategies. Administered high-value projects, staff training, and audits. Oversaw GxP validation of JD Edwards system by documenting validation requirements. Built IT governance team to foster business oversight of IT project priorities.  • Recognized as subject matter expert for strategy, design and implementation between KV Pharmaceutical and its third-party logistics provider, resulting in the integration of business processes and systems, including electronic commerce and JD Edwards.  • Maintained compliance with federal and state regulatory requirements (Sunshine Act) that addressed healthcare provider spending compliance.    Additional experience as Manager, Contact Center IT (Rental Operations and Services) at Enterprise Holdings as Business Analyst, BIS Service at KV Pharmaceutical, as Business Analyst, Information Systems at Cerro Copper and Manufacturing, as Business Analyst (Information Systems) and Business Analyst (Ralston Foods Purchasing Department) at Ralcorp Holdings Skills Customer Service, Strategic Planning, Project Management (5 years), Management (6 years), Software Development (10+ years), Sharepoint (7 years), Visio (7 years), Quality Assurance (9 years), Requirements Management (5 years) Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/kwhamann Certifications/Licenses Agile Training March 2019 Groups Midwest Chapter, Women in Cable Television April 2018 to Present Additional Information Currently enrolled in the Premier Management Development Series graduating in October.