Web Developer & Project Manager Web Developer &amp; <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Web Developer & Project Manager Playa del Rey, CA Greetings, I'm a Front End Web Developer with a creative eye for UI/UX design.    I enjoy coming up with solutions to the challenges that web development often presents to developers. I like to stay up to date with latest technologies and best practices.    I am quite fond of regular expressions and writing fast efficient code. When I am not coding I'm either on my bike, cooking up a storm in the kitchen, drooling over vintage film cameras on ebay, or posted in cafe working on a screenplay.    Currently looking to add my passion for creating exciting web applications to a dedicated team of programmers.  Email me!: rory@rorydane.com Work Experience Web Developer & Project Manager Samy's Camera - Los Angeles, CA April 2018 to December 2018 Designed and coded a web application for generating customer quotes on used photography  equipment increasing stock of used equipment by 40% and profit margins by 20%  ? Lead a small team of engineers through the development of an internal desktop application for managing intake and sales of used photographic equipment  ? Regularly met with stakeholders at individual stores to understand their needs and translate them into relevant user stories  ? Implemented a system for efficiently tracking website adjustments effectively cutting processing time  in half  ? Raised the number of page views on popular cameras by optimizing back end search settings to provide accurate results for common misspellings Senior Video Sales Associate / Instructor Samy's Camera - Culver City, CA August 2016 to April 2018 Became the go-to associate for teaching comprehensive, 1-on-1 courses on photography  ? Developed a repeat customer base via thorough customer training  ? Increased signups for 1-on-1 classes by leveraging photography communities on social media outlets  such as Instagram and Facebook Senior Video Rental Associate Samy's Camera - San Francisco, CA September 2013 to April 2015 Increased profits between 3%-5% by strategically managing a $50,000 purchasing budget  ? Brought in new, high-end clientele by providing in demand solutions and keeping up with industry  trends  ? Retained business by reaching out to high volume renters and anticipating future needs Apple ACMT Repair Tech/ IT Consultant Rosai Consulting - San Francisco, CA September 2010 to March 2012 Diagnosed and repaired hardware and software issues on an average of 10 computers per day  ? Restored over 500 student laptops to working condition for Moreau Catholic High School  ? Provided onsite server and network administration for small businesses Education None in Full Stack Web Development Thinkful Online Bootcamp - New York, NY April 2019 to Present M.F.A. in Motion Pictures and Television Academy of Art University - San Francisco, CA 2014 B.A. in Psychology Binghamton University - Binghamton, NY 2010 Skills Git, GOOGLE APPS SCRIPT, JAVASCRIPT, HTML5, jQuery, AJAX, ILLUSTRATOR, PHOTOSHOP Links http://www.rorydane.com