IT PROGRAM MANAGER <span class="hl">IT</span> PROGRAM <span class="hl">MANAGER</span> IT PROGRAM MANAGER West Bloomfield Township, MI Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT PROGRAM MANAGER State of Michigan March 2018 to Present Business solutions professional with over 18 years of project and program management experience, specializing in providing comprehensive management administration and support from project implementation to close.    IT PROGRAM MANAGER (State of Michigan) Mar 2018-Jan 2019  Responsible for leading multiple teams to complete break fix and enhancement projects simultaneously. Worked very closely with the PMO to ensure processes and procedures were adhered to, as well as wrote processes and procedures for the various departments.  Key Accomplishments:  • Successfully managed the application development enhancement project.  • Maintained the project billing information which contributed greatly to the ability to keep track of the yearly budget.  • Coordinated with field technicians, project directors and corporate counsel to ensure compliance with multiple service level agreements and other contractual provisions are kept.  • Allocated and managed resources to the individual projects.  • Responsible for oral and written communication to the executives, clients and stakeholders.  • Maintained project schedules and data.  • Proficient with the Agile methodology.  • High degree of professionalism and Integrity.  • Successful in working with the PMO to assist in updating processes and procedures.  • Managed a team of project managers, architects, engineers and technicians. IT PROJECT MANAGER Chrysler Corporation FCA November 2017 to February 2018 Responsible for providing project management services in support of a variety of architecture and infrastructure project for the CTO organization. Worked very closely with the architects, engineers, program managers and executive management to ensure all projects adhered to the SDLC using Agile and Waterfall project management methods and templates.  Key Accomplishments:  • Successfully managed a variety of architecture and infrastructure projects.  • Developed and maintained project plans and work schedules to coordinate deliverables across multiple teams and service delivery partners.  • Managed risk and mitigation plan.  • Managed and reported on project budget.  • Design and managed the project communication plan; tailored communication to meet stakeholder's needs, set a communication schedule and adhered to it consistently.  • Managed change control process, collecting change requests of project scope and requirements including ICT solutions, affected processes and program timing expectations.  • Held project team members accountable for project deliverables and due dates.  • Timely escalation of issues to senior management for resolution; leveraged standard methods to monitor project progress and provided corrective supervision if necessary.  • Oversight of all PM artifacts and ensured all project artifacts were stored properly for executive review.  • Resolved or assisted in the resolution of conflicts within and between the various project teams as needed. IT PROJECT MANAGER BANK OF AMERICA December 2013 to November 2017 Responsible for managing data, voice, storage, servers, network complex and concurrent projects. Expectations include managing project risks, issues, internal and external vendors. Create a project work plan, identify and manage resources and milestones. I worked very closely with the PMO to ensure processes and procedures were adhered to. Manage issues and risks, as well as change management using MS Project, Sharepoint, Nexus and Clarity.  Key Accomplishments:  • Evaluate prospective IT project plan proposals and analyze the scope, risks, and resource allocations for each project. Project budgets range from $300,000 to $5 million.  • Manage an average of 15 complex projects simultaneously while ensuring quality service and client satisfaction.  • Work very well with assigned teams using the Agile methodology.  • Consistently met SLA objectives for 3 consecutive years.  • Consistently completed projects on or before scheduled due dates, which in most cases resulted in saved revenue.  • Train newly hired project managers on Bank of America's processes and procedures.  • Composed and distributed the process and procedure handbook. IT Program Manager AT&T November 2008 to April 2013 Responsible for leading multiple teams through both concurrent and sequentially- related projects. Expectations include driving the implementation of information technology programs to support multiple functional business areas, including sales, marketing and operations. I worked very closely with the PMO to ensure processes and procedures were adhered to. I wrote all of the documented processes and procedures for the department.    Key Accomplishments:  • Evaluate prospective IT project plan proposals and analyze the scope, risks, and resource allocations for each project. Project budgets range from $3M to $12M  • Selected to serve as rapid deployment manager on special expedited high priority projects with budgets ranging from $8M to $25M  • Manage a team that includes 10 associate project managers and project coordinators; provide training and technical assistance to junior project managers to ensure compliance with quality standards.  • Successfully manage multiple projects simultaneously; manage an average workload of 8 active projects  • Consistently completes projects ahead of scheduled closing dates; currently working at a closing schedule that averages 2 weeks ahead of schedule  • Superior record of client satisfaction; working with a client satisfaction rating greater than 95%, a testament to my ability to build relationships and to provide quality service Program/ Project Manager Ford Motor Company March 2005 to November 2008 Responsible for overseeing all aspects of telecommunications restructuring projects and ensuring the delivery of solutions and services that provide the highest value in support of various capital construction projects. Services included program planning, financial management, schedule management, resource management, and implementation leadership.    Key Accomplishments:  • Successfully managed the support programs related to the implementation of voice over internet protocol (VOIP) initiatives for the Ford account, a corporate priority one account with an annual budget exceeding $10M  • Maintained project billing information which contributed revenues in excess of $8M annually  • Served as a dedicated staff to the Ford account, served as a liaison between client and AT&T internal operations.  • Coordinated with field technicians, project directors and corporate counsel to ensure compliance with multiple service level agreements and other contractual provisions  • Trained over 120 executives and other key individuals on equipment features Program/ Project Manager General Motors Corporation September 2000 to March 2005 Managed both the functional and operational objectives of various communications projects by assisting in the evaluation of project life cycles from strategic planning and review to implementation, testing and solution support services.    Key Accomplishments:  • Served as telecommunications consultant for GM's corporate headquarter relocation efforts; successfully migrated over 5,000 GM employees to new work locations  • Identified product enhancements and potential service opportunities resulting in the addition of approximately 35 revenue-generating service agreements to existing contracts  • Managed an average of 25complex-level projects simultaneously while ensuring quality service and client satisfaction  • Negotiated and facilitated the approval of price quotations and service addendums that enhanced the value-added scope of our service agreements  • Asserted my capabilities in providing client support to the automotive sector leading to a subsequent position that included a promotion with expanded responsibilities and experience serving on several other high priority client accounts Education Master of Arts in Communication in Business Communication Wayne State University