Software Development Manager Software Development <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Software Development Manager | IT Senior Project Manager Austin, TX Proven Project Manager with expertise and knowledge using Agile and Waterfall methodologies. 10+ years’ project management experience in a high-volume, time-sensitive environment. Highly organized Collaborative Leader adept at working with cross-functional teams and business partners to drive multiple projects with quality, ensuring stakeholder satisfaction, and alignment to strategic and operational initiatives. Amazing communicator with strong ability to build and foster relationships across teams and management. Able to motivate and influence teams to take positive action and accountability for their work.  ? Successfully managed large, complex software engineering projects with multiple stakeholders with $10M budget and 45 resources from Ford, IBM, CGE&Y, and Visteon to replicate Ford infrastructure applications at Visteon as part of $200M+ project to clone over 150 applications.   ? Led software development project that produced a security authorization application and recovered its $1.5M in development costs in its first year of deployment. The project went from ideation to deployment in less than 8 months with zero major defects.   ? Participated in Enterprise Agile transformation by developing and delivering training workshops, building knowledge and skills to facilitate Agile transformation. Coached Business Analysts and Development Managers on Agile values and principles.   ? Established IT Estimating Center of Excellence for the new GM IT organization including designing the estimation process to support the portfolio planning and project start up. Introduced SEER-SEM software to support estimation and hired 5 team members to conduct the estimates.   ? Reduced annual costs by $200k and increased forecast accuracy by 300 percent on $40M budget as portfolio and planning manager. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Software Development Manager General Motors Company - Austin, TX August 2012 to March 2019 IT Senior Project Manager/Software Development Manager –  Global Database Architecture & Tools (GDAT)   ?     Managed several complex projects that included the design, development and deployment of database releases across the organization that met GM compliance and consistency standards and included 6 different technologies across midrange and mainframe platforms.   ?     Analyzed and prioritized stakeholder and internal customers’ needs during portfolio planning; established appropriate stack ranking utilizing JIRA and TFS, to deliver cost effective solutions align with GDAT architectural standards. Developed and implemented metrics through VB to track deployments and issues.      ?     Oversaw the work of 3 development DBAs and partnered with technical support teams (up to 15 operations DBAs), to deliver quarterly DB maintenance and system releases.  ?     Partnered with GM’s “private cloud” team to consolidate application team communication and testing into a common tool to reduce ambiguity with deployment timing and application readiness as each deployment required communicating with ~700 applications.     ?     Provided project management services such as project initiation, project planning, project issues, risk mitigation, forecasting, and managing project budgets that supported GDAT's overall project portfolio.  ?     Provided weekly project status reports against baseline budget, scope and schedule, and fostering effective cross-functional communication and collaboration.   ?     Adapted to situational demands providing release management, business analysis, technical leadership, project management and problem solving.     ?     Served as a member of the GDAT IT project management team (PMO) to improve the overall quality of processes and tools within the organization, through implementing best practices and controls, and thought leadership.  ?     Served as the organization’s PMO lead, to train, coach, and mentor junior project managers. Drove strategic assignment of junior project managers to ensure appropriate growth and sustainability of the portfolio.    IT Senior Project Manager Ford Motor Company - Dearborn, MI November 2004 to August 2012 IT Senior Project Manager | IT Program Manager      ?     Delivered program for a B2C website-Ford’s Owner experience (fordowner.com) working with a team of onshore and offshore Ford employees and the UX/UI team in New York.   ?     Managed the program using Agile methodology (Scrum) to deliver continuous monthly enhancements that met marketing objectives to drive car owners to Ford dealerships for maintenance, repair work, and retail sales.     ?     Performed backlog grooming/planning meetings to build consensus among project team members regarding task definitions, and identify, track and mitigate all project risks within the project.   ?     Updated project schedules, supporting documents, project management plans and used schedules and plans to delegate tasks and responsibilities to appropriate personnel.       ?     Implemented issues tracking to highlight impediments against epics and user stories which enabled the team to improve velocity; ensure project requirements are achieved with high quality and timely fashion.   ?     Established IT Estimating Center of Excellence that provide estimates for IT development projects and was recognized by Gartner, Inc. (a global research and advisory firm) as world class with centers in Dearborn, Chennai and Cologne.     ?     Developed and implemented common strategy for the estimation model, standards and processes for all application development projects resulting in a model that was flexible to accommodate Agile, Waterfall, RUP, and purchased package implementations.     ?     Created a project management office to centralize business process functions, such as Statement of Work (SOW) creation, financial monitoring, monthly forecasting, yearly budgeting, and project management consulting.   Used basic accounting/budgeting principles to apply to the yearly portfolio and project administration.    IT Project Manager IBM - Dearborn, MI December 1997 to November 2004 ?     Successfully launched the Visteon IT security organization by guiding development teams in designing, implementing, and maintaining applications and infrastructures to be compliant with Visteon’s emerging security policies.  ?     Drove negotiation of competing priorities and/or interruptions between product managers, application teams and stakeholders, escalating when necessary.  ?     Managed various supply chain software engineering projects including traditional mainframe, client-server, and web development that included creating application authorization app, scoring customers for marketing, and enhancing order to delivery functionality. Project teams consisted of 10 people with budgets of $1.5M.   ?     Managed multiple project teams, defined team members roles and expectations, and hired contractors as needed to support overall project delivery.   ?     Partnered with operational teams to develop user-training plans, technical support documentation, and in some cases training delivery.  ?     Credited with being the driving force to complete the project on time and on budget by being even-keeled while being driven by a sense of urgency. Education Bachelor of Science degree in Marketing Indiana University - Indianapolis, IN Skills Estimation (10+ years), SIX-SIGMA (4 years), Project Management (10+ years), Agile Development (5 years), Waterfall Development (10+ years), Portfolio Management (6 years), Deployment, Waterfall, Software Development, Computer Science Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/h-lee-duncan Assessments Management & Leadership Skills: Impact & Influence — Highly Proficient January 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to adapt their leadership style to accomplish goals using rational or emotional appeal. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/hize5lq1go7mbt-t Organizational Skills — Highly Proficient January 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to arrange and manage files or records using a set of rules. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/9nvng-9qv4bj451p Project Management Skills: Budgeting — Highly Proficient January 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to manage project budgets by appropriately allocating and monitoring financial resources. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/k6h8b3ipbmcbyxfd Project Management Skills: Time Management — Highly Proficient August 2019 Prioritizing and allocating time to effectively achieve project deliverables. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/dwj8byf76z08bztp Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information AREAS OF EXPERTISE  Project Planning/Execution, Change/Release Management, Problem Solving, Strategic/Portfolio Planning, Cross-Functional Collaboration, Team Leadership, Decision Making, IT Project Estimation Six Sigma Methodology Relationship Building, Productivity and Efficiency Improvement, Agile Development, IT Project Management, Excellent Communication Skills, Waterfall Development, Cross Functional Collaboration, Critical Thinking Skills, Resource Management, Negotiation, Strategic Direction, Management Skills, Decision Making, Portfolio Planning, Discipline