IT Project Management <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> Management IT Project Management - Miller's Health Mart League City, TX Dedicated, meticulous professional who has worked in information technology, clinical applications, and research. Recently relocated to the Houston area and seeking to have a broad impact in the information technology field by combining past experiences, skills, and ambitions. Juan is a confident communicator with strong interpersonal and analytical skills who thrives on excellence and customer satisfaction. Work Experience IT Project Management Miller's Health Mart - Vero Beach, FL August 2016 to Present • Install and support Windows and Mac OS desktops  • Web design and maintenance of website  • Planned and developed website  • General technical assistance for operations  • Overall project management and deployment of new technologies to support business practices University of Miami - Miami, FL September 2009 to August 2016 Clinical Informatics and Research IT Program Manager University of Miami - Miami, FL 2016 to 2016 • Oversaw continual implementation projects related to Epic's Population Health  • Worked on projects which implemented new hardware systems such as tablets and wearable technology  • Managed team's continuing education programs as well as workforce engagement IT Project Manager University of Miami - Miami, FL 2015 to 2016 • Sole PM on the University's initial build and implementation of Epic's Healthy Planet module  • Successfully implemented in 7 months, recorded as one of Epic's fastest implementations  • Initial Implementation included John Hopkins Model, Predictive Analytics, HEDIS Analytics, Care Management, and External Data Integration  • Project is used as a model for optimal implementation of Healthy Planet, with the implementation presented at UGM in 2016 IT Project Manager University of Miami - Miami, FL 2013 to 2014 • Sole PM responsible for the University's Financial Research Compliance System  • Ran projects between administrators & regulatory teams to ensure compliant financial reporting  • Responsible for overseeing development, maintenance, and planning future releases IT Project Specialist University of Miami - Miami, FL 2012 to 2013 • Velos eResearch Clinical Trials Management System form and calendar development. Working closely with study teams to develop IRB approved forms and calendars for human subject studies.  • Conduct new user and advanced user training sessions for Velos. For select advanced training classes Continuing Medical Education (CME) credits for physicians and Continuing Educational Units(CMU) for nurses are awarded.  • Velos Part 11 testing and validation. Part of the team that wrote the test plan and test scripts for validation effort. Served as test coordinator and tester during testing phase.  • Co-presented at the Velos annual meeting in San Francisco on Part 11 efforts and lessons learned.  • Created, manage, and report on bi-annual REDCap user surveys to gauge customer satisfaction with Velos. Chief Technology Officer Fable Streams Entertainment - Carmel, IN 2010 to 2012 • Co-founded a company dedicated to making game settings and gaming platforms.  • Co-directed and designed a cross platform iOS and Android app for smart phones and tablets.  • Directed art design, managed asset creation, worked closely with developers located overseas to complete final product.  • Navigated the launch processes for both Apple iTunes and Google Play stores. Research Associate University of Miami - Department of Psychology - Coral Gables, FL 2009 to 2012 • Published on two separate papers for findings in NSF Robotics study  • Installed first instance of REDCap data management system for the department of psychology  • As REDCap sysadmin, responsible for managing user accounts, user training, form development, and data management  • Designed, created, and implemented infant motion capture suit for use in an international three university NSF Robotics study Education Principles of Artificial Intelligence University of Miami College of Electrical and Computer Engineering 2010 Measurement and Evaluation University of Central Florida College of Education 2009 Teaching Methods Stetson University College of Education 2002 Bachelors of Science in Electrical Engineering in design Florida International University College of Engineering and Computer Science 1995 Skills It project management, Project support, Web design, Ms office, Information Technology, PM, Waterfall, PMP, Scrum Master, Itil, Software Development, Clinical Research, Clinical Research, Clinical Trial Additional Information KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES    IT Project Management  Desktop support  Healthy Planet PM  Project Support  Technical Management  MS Office Suite  eCRF Form Development  Web Design  Windows Desktop/Server  Interpersonal Skills  Presenting  Research Methods