PMO ASSOCIATE ANALYST PMO ASSOCIATE ANALYST PMO ASSOCIATE ANALYST - DYCOM INC Wellington, FL Customer facing Project Manager who drives change through collaboration and critical thinking. Results driven, with a background in IT and customer service management. Primary objectives include supporting the organization's mission while driving value through strategic planning. Work Experience PMO ASSOCIATE ANALYST DYCOM INC - Palm Beach Gardens, FL April 2018 to Present • Currently Managing and Administering the below projects & teams:  ? NE Sub Server Conversion:  * This project entails working with our subsidiary companies to refresh in-house hardware based on our contractual requirements.  * Worked with and managed various matrix resources to define the business requirements, including negotiating the hardware and on-going support contracts  ? CASB Solution Implementation:  * This tool will allow the enterprise to have full insight into all cloud-based applications (fingerprinting, OCR, DLP, etc.)  * Involves multiple integrations (API, Forward Proxy, Reverse Proxy) within our Azure and AWS environments across multiple applications (IaaS & Saas)  * Worked with our legal counsel and HR department to ensure compliance with federal and local laws providing use cases, specific examples, and live demos of the tool  * Worked with professional services to create various policies, including triggers and criteria to identify areas of concern, need and improvement within the environment  * After implementation, based on the lessons learned report we were able to remove two over lapping applications from the enterprise, saving the company over $200,000 per year  ? PAM (Privileged Access Management)  * Due to the number of privileged accounts we have in the enterprise, a project was created to identify who needs access vs. who has access. This effort also encompasses AD clean-up.  * Acted as the point of contact/liaison for all escalated issues during project effort, working with subsidiary presidents to ensure zero down time. Created KB documents based on lessons learned to ensure a smooth transition to operational support once the project closed  * Developed a password management and encryption plan with input from the legal and security teams, tightening the enterprises security posture without impeding employee production  ? RTASQ (Propriety Software Development)  * Acts as the Scrum Master hosting daily stand-ups to maintain team engagement, validate and verify backlog items, and engage the Stakeholder(s) to ensure the team can be as effective as possible.  * Partners with QA to review bugs and reworks prior to releases/backlog placement. Ensures quality standards are benchmarked and reviewed  * Trained team members in agile frameworks - how to live agile, and coached teams from structured to self-directed  * Manages a budget north of $3.5 million per month to ensure a successful rollout across 62 subsidiaries including training, enhancements, and future client needs  • Develops and implements improvements to processes and methodologies for Project Managers including the incorporation of new tools. Communicates changes downstream to ensure compliance across the enterprise. Establishes governance, best practices, quality measures, and success criteria  • Ensures deployment, maintenance, and continuous improvement of the project portfolio, monitoring and controlling issues, new requests, and overseeing the change control process. Monitors and assists the project intake process. Helps ensure projects selected follow the strategic vision of the organization  • Fosters collaboration between various business units, acting as a liaison between directors and project teams. Holds the appropriate business units accountable, resulting in a transparent, results-driven environment  • Provides assistance in the areas of coaching, supporting and administering so the project managers can focus on completing the goal/objective. Focus on system, structure, skill, goals, and style(s). Serves as a backup to the project management team  • Assists non- project managers in performing project work. This includes being a liaison between the teams, organizing and scheduling meetings and assisting with project artifacts. Ensures cross-functional communication across the various lifecycles  • Champions project management PDU/continued learning. Created a study group to enable project managers to gain industry certification(s) and to remain up to date with industry best practices. Ability to identify and lead on an individual/group level. Ability to establish goals and assist others in achieving or exceeding said goals  • Administers project tools (Jira, PPM Pro, MS Project) for the enterprise. Trains and coaches project managers on the various software, monitors and controls updates, manages licenses, creates and manages templates. Updates and ensures the PSP for PMIS tools are being followed by IT Support. Ensures reports, filters, and various templates are maintained, updated, and supported IT PROJECT MANAGER HEARUSAX LTD - Palm Beach Gardens, FL September 2016 to March 2018 • Effectively managed and delivered a data warehouse conversion from fully hosted services to a hybrid IaaS environment, removing 30+ physical servers. Maintained a high level of quality while ensuring that the government mandated schedule was followed. This decreased system down time by 12% and overhead by 8.3%  • Successfully transitioned the organization from an MPLS network to a hosted VOIP provider. This project reduced company spend, increased productivity, and assisted in meeting SLA requirements for a parallel initiative  • Responsible for the assembling a project staff to build a POC for a remote hearing clinic. I coordinated with the Country to gather requirements and managed an external construction team tasked with building the demo. Due to the unique nature of the project, I used a hybrid methodology to meet my internal customers' requirements  • Tasked with coordaining meetings between four teams (domestic and international) to assist the functional managers with resource planning and outside procurement. Participated in strategy sessions, helping to control the topic(s) at hand, while balancing cultural impediments IT PROJECT MANAGER CONTINENTAL PROPERTIES - West Palm Beach, FL September 2015 to February 2017 • Prepares, completes, and receives various real estate forms, building reports and market presentations while limiting the exposure of sensitive data  • Authored custom CRM attachments that were integrated via API's & Webhooks - maintained an active K.B., provides semi-annual training, and adheres to security best practices (MFA). Enhanced insight for company agents creating a competitive advantage  • Communicates with brokers, clients, contracted vendors and other individuals as needed to manage activities, review status of work, keep abreast of state law, and resolve conflicts IT PROJECT MANAGER FIRESTONE February 2009 to August 2015 • Assisted in a companywide initiative to remodel 200 existing locations throughout the NE zone. Tasked with coordinating internal and external resources including schedules and individual responsibilities  • Responsible for a government mandated OSHA project aimed at reducing workman's comp claims, enhanced chemical training, and newly released safety requirements. I worked with the testing team to ensure compliance and adjust processes as needed. I helped to facilitate the communications between state inspectors and the executive board, proactively monitoring the handoff of the project  • Trained, directed, and supervised an enhanced OBD program to comply with enhanced DMV emissions requirements. As a project lead, I removed barriers impeding the mechanics from completing UAT  • Worked with a specialized team reporting directly to the director of marketing. This involved analyzing CSAT efficiency, documenting lessons learned, and providing solutions with realistic expectations regarding a "numbers" success IT PROJECT COORDINATOR NEXTEL - Maitland, FL February 2003 to January 2009 • Receives, records, and notifies appropriate technical support staff of end user's hardware, software, and network related issues.  • Provides office and field-based support for system installations, troubleshooting, and new hardware requests  • Installs and updates patches to OS and additional system applications, monitors for reliance and recoverability following the GP-F-S Model.  • Functions as a lead/pivot point for the desktop support team, handling escalated issues and documenting the outcome. Education A.S. in IT PROJECT MANAGEMENT BROWARD COLLEGE 2018 Skills Iaas, Paas, Data center, Saas, Security, Voip, Business continuity, Liaison, Problem solving, Osha, Pots, Fda Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/adam-klein-pmp Additional Information SKILLS  Process Lifecycle Improvement - Analytical and Personal (Soft skills)  Problem Solving/Critical Assessment Ability (Beyond the current roadmap)  Cloud computing (SaaS/PaaS/IaaS) Unified Communications (POTS/VOIP)  Business Continuity/DR Solutions' (3rd party partners, Six-nines)  Security Solutions for Internal & External Stakeholders (OSHA, FDA)  Physical Implementations (Data Center-QTS & Internal Infrastructure)  Customer & Stakeholder Liaison IT Service Management  Waterfall & Agile Methodologies (Hybrid experience)