Compliance Specialist/Learning Project Manager Compliance Specialist/Learning <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Compliance Specialist/Learning Project Manager Colorado Springs, CO Experienced Senior Project Manager with demonstrated experience-managing projects from initiation to closure. Experience working with different Project Management frameworks: Agile, Waterfall, and Scrum Methodologies. Project Manager Professional with over 12 years of experience. Work Experience Compliance Specialist/Learning Project Manager CSG International - Greenwood Village, CO May 2018 to January 2019 • Program management of multiple complex learning projects simultaneously.  • Develop an effective document management process for: organizing and retraining e-learning project related source files; scheduling periodic courses reviews for any updates needed; scheduling the expiration of training courses, if appropriate; tracking documentation and version control of all revisions and updates, etc.  • Designed and developed dynamic instructional interactions and simulations to create interactive, engaging course content, simulations for software, tools etc.  • Performed quality assurance checks on training courses that have been developed.  • Supported and maintain the global knowledge base and repository for best practice documents, key tools and templates.  • Translated needs analysis and functional specifications into detailed course designs.  • Work with subject matter experts to design and develop audience-appropriate, clear, and concise training content.  • Worked with LMS provider Cornerstone, to resolve any technical issues with the web based training course or its performance within the LMS.  • Assisted with training sessions that educated management personnel in compliance and regulatory standards through the use of Cornerstone LMS and presentations.  • Work with Legal Compliance office to drive effective communications to drive GDPR, HIPPA, and Security Awareness compliance training status levels  • Created Adult Learning Education content in Adobe Captive per corporate requirements. IT Project Manager Defense IT Solutions Inc - Greenwood Village, CO November 2015 to March 2018 • Planned, managed, and executed effective IT Program and Project Management functions / processes for the Cyber Security Program  • Track record for successfully managing large and complex IT or cyber security programs  • Supported Cyber Security strategies and reporting  • Supported and managed IT projects concerning IT Security  • Developed plans and schedules for carrying out projects, identify resource and personnel needs  • Resolved problems that arise during the project, identify and mitigate potential risks or delays  • Communicated project status to the Information Security Officer and propose changes in project scope, timeline, or plans if necessary  • Developed project plans/scope/schedule and track progress, milestones, and deliverables.  • Facilitated and attended meetings with various technical and non-technical resources to capture project requirements, identify project milestones, communicate project timelines, track action items, and monitor project status.  • Identified and managed project risks, issues, assumptions and dependencies.  • Responsible for tracking project budgets and overall schedules IT Project Manager United Airlines - Denver, CO May 2015 to October 2015 • Developed project plans identifying key issues, approaches and performance metrics.  • Oversaw purchases of hardware equipment and software.  • Integrated appropriate project management tools and process  • Managed projects with varying project management disciplines such as Waterfall and Agile,  • Created detailed project road maps, plans, schedules and work breakdown structures.  • Developed full-scale project plans and executions.  • Identified resources required, assigned responsibilities and coordinated project staff directly and indirectly to ensure successful completion of the project. IT Project Manager Defensa Tecnologica S.A - Guatemala City, GT March 2009 to December 2014 • Manages projects through all phases of the project management cycle; planning, analysis, design, development, testing, implementation, and post implementation phases.  • Responsible for defining and establishing project management processes, standards, deliverables and the operational standards to ensure consistent project execution.  • Responsible for the development and maintenance of program and project management delivery tool sets.  • Monitors project performance and identifies areas where new/improved plans can improve the quality of existing services as well as recommend means for improvement, including procedural steps, increased training, and enhanced documentation  • Created project schedules, allocated resources and monitored project progress Project Coordinator Grupo Cayala - Guatemala City, GT February 2006 to November 2008 • Assisted Project Manager in coordinating project activities for small and large commercial tenant interiors projects and multifamily residential properties to ground up development projects.  • Reviewed and track project invoices to ensure invoice amount aligns with adjusted contract value and work completed to date.  • Developed, manage and update project schedule incorporating all phases of the project cycle  • Managed multiple projects in various phases in various locations at any given time.  • Created and managed detailed project budgets. This includes tracking budget reallocations, change orders, commitments, expenditures, forecasts and analysis on a regular basis. Project Coordinator Arte Inmobiliario - Guatemala City, GT January 2005 to February 2006 • Supported the Project Managers on all issues and interfaces with the Project Manager to revise objectives and plans in accordance with current conditions.  • Communicated clearly and directly staff concerning performance expectations, productivity, and accountability.  • Managed the flow of information throughout the project team to ensure that they are accurately informed as to the status of the project to achieve performance targets.  • Provided the necessary input to the Project Manager for the Project Monthly Progress report.  • Prepared reports, presentations, scorecards and metrics to indicate project performance for contracts, construction and other project progress measurements. Education Master of Science in Information Assurance in Network Defense and Cyber Security Capella Univeristy - Minneapolis, MN September 2019 BS in Business Administration Liberty University - Lynchburg, VA March 2014 Skills Estimating, budget, Outlook, maintenance, Scheduling, Customer Service, Microsoft Project Links http://linkedin.com/in/esther-s-rodriguez-a03b3118