IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager - Focus Services Clearfield, UT Experienced IT Technical Project Manager excellent at juggling multiple tasks for multiple clients and breaking projects down into manageable parts. Talented at learning different software languages and seeing the big picture as well as potential complications in the smaller pieces. Work Experience IT Project Manager Focus Services - Roy, UT December 2003 to Present • Handle Client and Operations (Agent management) requests and distribute tasks to our development and SQL teams; coordinate information, needs and development progress and feedback for multiple clients at our telemarketing centers.  • Manage tasks using Asana to assign tasks to other team members and update progress on my own tasks.  • Document changes and setup for each client's campaigns and projects.  • Write the occasional program to run reports, move recordings, or other tasks as needed.  • Create reports in Microsoft SQL Server Business suite 2005.  • Create, maintain, and update reporting and data handling applications using C#. Previously used Fox pro and VB.net (Visual Studio.net 2003 and 2005) to generate reports and gather information for telemarketing projects.  • Create, maintain, and query databases in Microsoft SQL Server (Enterprise Manager 2003, 2012).  • Use Nice-Incontact and Five-9s GUI software to develop IVRs for call routing and handling-including setting variables, loops, and if/then and case statement icons.  • Collaborated with a team to design and develop a web-based Telemarketing scripting software engine in C# and HTML/asp.net and Microsoft SQL in 2013.  • Designed user interface for scripting software using C#/asp.net. Maintain and update these web pages as needed. Other members of my department use this software to create and configure telemarketing scripts to fit the client needs for verbiage, data capturing, and product ordering.  • Produce ad hoc reports and documents for clients and operations (agent management teams). Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Science Weber State University May 2012 Associates Brigham Young University May 2002 Associates degree and move in Recreational Education and computer science Weber State Skills DATABASE, DATABASE DESIGN, MICROSOFT SQL SERVER, SQL SERVER, ORACLE