IT Senior Program Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Senior Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Senior Program Manager - Washington Suburban Sanitary Commission (WSSC) Bethesda, MD I am a proactive and results-focused professional offering extensive experience in Engineering and Information Technology with a history of bringing projects to completion on time, within budget and with customer's satisfaction.  Driven by challenges and a desire to be successful in all endeavors, I can offer you my unique ability to maximize the return on investment by combining business analysis, project planning and execution through effective use of Project Management Methodologies. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Senior Program Manager Washington Suburban Sanitary Commission (WSSC) 2013 to Present Responsibilities - Organizing, planning, executing, and managing projects and teams. Provide mentorship and coaching  Security Program Manager:  ? Managing the commissions' transformation from a legacy isolated security system to a proactive, state of the art, modern security system.  ? Implementation Of Physical Security Information Management system (PSIM/VidSys)  ? Reconstruction Of SOC - Security Operation Center And Data Center  ? Video Analytics, Situational Awareness  ? WebEOC, Emergency Response Management  Asset Management Program Manager:  ? Managing the Commissions IT Asset Management Program  ? Migration of legacy Mainframe system to an Oracle-based Asset Management platform  ? Warehouse Management, Supply Change Management  ? Capture, mapping and optimizing business processes.  ? Implementation of Oracle WAM and E-Business Suite.  ? Migrating legacy analysis system into RIVA Modelling for Asset Optimization and Decision Support IT Program Manager DC Water - Washington, DC 2006 to 2012 Responsibilities - Organizing, planning, executing, and managing projects and teams. Developing project methodologies, project management templates, and business processes. R&D lead. Developing IT PMO functions and CMM integration. Provide mentorship and coaching of PM and engineers  SCADA Manager:  ? The Management of the Authority's mission-critical SCADA system  ? Integration with business systems  ? Workflow driven integration to IBM/Maximo Asset Management system  ? Provide cost-efficient solutions for optimizing the overall integration    Project Management Officer (PMO) Development:  ? IT Strategic planning and integration  ? Installation and configuration of Project Server 2010 as the IT project portfolio management system  ? Implementation of Finance Intelligence by mapping cost and forecasting into business-driven programs  ? Train, support and influence project managers to meet PPM KPI's  Enterprise Radio System:  ? Upgrading plant radio system to 700/800 MHz citywide radio system (P25).  ? Managing all aspects of a new state of the art radio system that is optimized to work with DC OUC, DCFD, MPD, and EMS. IT Project Manager Volvo IT - Hagerstown, MD 2005 to 2006 Responsibilities - Organizing, planning, executing, and managing projects and teams. Developing project methodologies, RFQ and RFP. Managing offshore software developers.  Cycle Counting:  ? Development of a global inventory accuracy system.  ? The system controls, verifies and adjusts variances of incoming parts from storage locations to the final assembly lines  Electronic Tool Data:  ? Development of an electronic document management system (EDMS)..  ? The system organizes all unique tools and equipment for the dedicated assembly lines and attaches drawings, working instructions, calibrations, and accurate financial status. Project Manager AF Engineering - Stockholm, SE 2002 to 2005 Sweden  Responsibilities - Organizing, planning, executing, and managing projects and teams. Sales and Marketing activities at the head office in Stockholm. Acting Account Manager for Pharma Stockholm.  Project Manager of Manufacturing line 9, AstraZeneca:  ? Manufacturing of Rhinocort for the American market.  ? This is the first project at AstraZeneca in Sweden with a complete implementation of electronic batch records in the manufacturing process, encompassing electronic signatures and electronic records in compliance with 21 CFR part 11.  Validation Leader, Pfizer:  ? Validation leader of compliance projects in Stockholm, Sweden.  ? Developing test protocols and carried out the following tests in compliance with GAMP 4 and CFR 21 Part 11.  Project Manager, Power Utility, Telge Energy:  ? Replaced old mechanical controls, equipment and implemented a fully automatic solution for a district heating plant. Project Manager ABB Automotive Industries 1998 to 2002 Responsibilities - Project Management and Industrial engineering in the automotive industry.  Project Manager, Process improvement at Scania Truck:  ? A strategic project as it was ABB's first successful attempt to enter the Scania Truck market.  Project Manager, New assembly plant at SAAB (Framing line and Side Panel line):  ? Responsible for the assembling technique which included 80 ABB industrial robots, dispensing equipment, welding equipment, handling tools and sub-contractors. Education Bachelor's degree in Electrical Engineering in Electrical Engineering Hassleholm Technical School 1986 Skills Microsoft Project, integration, Project Management, Visio, Program Management, PMP, PMI Additional Information & COURSES ATTENDED    ? Access Control - Software House  ? DHS Cyber Security Training, INL  ? Cisco Routers Firewalls and Switches  ? S-Ox Compliance  ? MS Enterprise Project Management  ? Requirements Management  ? Risk Management  ? Autocad, El-CAD, E-Plan  ? R&M (Reliability And Maintainability)  ? Microsoft SharePoint Server    STRENGTHS    ? Excellent troubleshooting and analytical skills  ? Flexible and working well under pressure  ? Influencing and motivating people to achieve first-class quality results  ? Administrative skills  ? Organized and proficient with details  ? Innovative and eager to explore new business challenges