Program Manager Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> Program Manager • PMP and CSM Certified Senior Project Manager with experience managing infrastructure and application development projects.  • Experienced in successfully leading full life cycle of National and International Enterprise Projects across all businesses and a wide variety of industries including: Aerospace & Defense (Honeywell, Spirit Aero systems), Financial Services ( American Express, Viewpointe), Pharmaceutical (Wheaton pharma) Oil & Gas (Total oil)  • Expertise in project management methodologies and flows to define successful delivery of projects while leading cross-functional teams and implementing continuous improvement processes, teaching and coaching.  • Passion for customer satisfaction- Proactively and effectively communicates with all stakeholders making sure that project objectives and customers' expectations are met. Work Experience Program Manager WLR - CO 2017 to 2019 • Led IT projects implementation and participated in the prioritization of business requirements, staff hiring, team building, and train/coach Junior Project managers in Project Management methodology, skills, and tools.  • Managed all phases of the program and aligned requirements throughout the SDLC.  • Created a framework of a consistent set of deliverables and provided bi-weekly progress status of the program  • Collaborated with delivery teams and managed members of a diverse team that was geographically dispersed.  • Use MS Project, Excel, and PowerPoint to provide project status - Allocated work according to project schedules and hold individuals accountable to deliver. Senior Project Manager Professional Advantages, CO 2016 to 2017 • Managed application development and package integration projects in a fast paced, dynamic environment, using a consistent, repeatable and scalable manner and productivity tools such as Teamwork, SharePoint, JIRA.  • Responsible for effectively delivering all activities of the projects and related release initiatives.  • Analyzed project level issues and managed quick resolution to these issues by working with project team  • Successfully coordinated the deployment and support activities within and across departments to ensure that service expectations are developed and met.  • Leveraged client platform of integrated Microsoft technologies - provided data accuracy, process automation- tailored processes & workflows for the varying needs of the organization. IT Project Manager Smart IT - Indianapolis, IN 2015 to 2016 • Led customer engagement and met all scope, time, budget and quality expectations by working closely with all stakeholders.  • Aligned requirements throughout the system development life cycle, using each phase of the SDLC as checkpoint to confirm plans and estimates- Provided a framework for project planning, communications and reporting activities. Coordinated change management exercise to achieve a smooth transition to change process.  • Developed project schedule, managed budgets, managed cross functional team and third-party vendor efforts to plan and implement solutions making sure that project objectives and stakeholders expectations are met.  • Successfully participated in Quality and Client Satisfaction initiatives, by promptly and efficiently communicating with stakeholders  • Successfully led the integration of new/modified functionalities of Medicaid Information Management    Phone#720-845-9600 IT Program / Project Manager IBM - Dubuque, IA 2010 to 2015 • Managed IT Enterprise Portfolios of multiple high visibility projects across geographies. Successfully provided business solutions by using phases of SDLC as an approved methodology, combined with best practices.  • Led continuous quality improvement and effective issue resolution.  • Provided Quality Leadership and established credibility across client manufacturing, procurement and technical organizations. Conduct internal audits and implemented the necessary corrective actions to fix problems found.  • Used waterfall and agile methodologies to deliver medium to high complexity projects such as Business Process Implementations, Oracle upgrade, SAP IT services; Datacenter moves; Server build; Infrastructure cabling; Data migration; Disaster Recovery; SAN allocation; Implementation of Storage Virtualization, Oracle upgrades.  • Actively identified and participated in continuous improvement projects to eliminate waste by removing redundancy and wait-time for project approvals, reducing time and cost  • Co-managed projects of $100+ million-dollar program of projects ($14,955,577 generated by SAP Basis Core Support Services, $8,182,225 of revenue produced by transactional service request program, and more). IT Project Manager PAE Consulting Services - Northbrook, IL 2007 to 2010 • Participated in Oracle ERP Implementation- Led the end-to-end management of IT infrastructure projects through all phases of the project lifecycle from initiation to closure to include the assignment of resources, development of requirements, solution design, financial approval, supplier engagement, and implementation  • Projects included the design, build, and deployment of new (physical/virtual) servers; implementation of server-based database (Oracle/SQL) and operating system software; Oracle upgrade, server storage increases; database decommissions, and web hosting  • Developed project plans, managed project activities to include critical path, completed project documentation, communicated updates, managed supplier resources, proactively mitigated risks, and troubleshot issues  • Managed an average of 12-15 projects concurrently consistently receiving high scores for meeting project requirements; over the course of 3 years, averaged a customer satisfaction score of 9.5 of 10 and an On-Time-To-Request score of 94%. Education Certified Project Management Professional University of Évry Val d'Essonne Master's Degree in Science of Production and Organization in Science of Production and Organization University of Évry Val d'Essonne Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/veroniquebayiha Certifications/Licenses PMP Additional Information SCRUM Master