Program Manager/Sr. Project Manager Program <span class="hl">Manager</span>/Sr. <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Program Manager/Sr. Project Manager - Baylor College of Medicine Work Experience Program Manager/Sr. Project Manager Baylor College of Medicine February 2018 to Present Baylor College of Medicine (BCM) is a health sciences university that creates knowledge and applies science and discoveries to further education, healthcare and community service locally and globally. BCM is in the process of overhauling the current SAP systems and is re-implementing SAP with the latest technologies.  Key Achievements  * Managed project to develop implementation strategy for SAP S/4 HANA Finance implementation  * Manage 1st phase of multi-phase S/4 HANA Finance implementation  * Manage implementation of security for SAP HR Success Factors using GRC and Greenlight  * Manage Risk & Compliance for SAP Success Factors, and SAP Concur  * Managed Program to implement SAP Concur for Travel & Expense across the college Sr. IT Project Manager Team Industrial Services July 2016 to February 2018 Team is a leading industrial services company offering an array of specialized services related to the construction, maintenance, and monitoring of pressurized piping and associated systems, serving customers in the refining, petrochemical, power, pipeline, and other heavy industrial industries.  Key Achievements  * Managed a global infrastructure project to consolidate Active Directory across all TEAM domains into a single domain  * Managed Infrastructure project to migrate data centers  * Managed project to integrate Concur Travel & Expense with TEAM ERP Systems  * Managed Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX) audit requirements for TEAM IT General Controls  * Managed project to migrate Team's ERP system from JDE to Microsoft AX Sr. IT Project Manager Stache & Associates April 2016 to June 2016 Stache and Associates is an organization that focuses in assisting senior executives to improve and transform their organizations by implementing people, process, and technology solutions.  Key Achievements  * Managed project to migrate Sunoco's Accounts Payable to Energy Transfer Partner's SAP system Sr. IT Project Manager Halliburton June 2015 to March 2016 contract)  Halliburton is one of the world's largest providers of products and services to the energy industry. As a Senior IT Project Manager, concurrently manage multiple IT projects.  Key Achievements  * Managed SAP project, for compliance of tax regulations in Latin America  * Managed project to integrate Department of Transportation regulated driver time with SAP payroll  * Managed a global project to replace current request handling application  * Managed project to assess Customer Relationship software  * Managed infrastructure project for server replacement in Latin America IT Project Manager Grocers Supply September 2013 to June 2015 Grocers Supply, serves and partners with independent grocers in order to provide quality products to communities in Texas and surrounding states. In addition to wholesale business, Fiesta Mart, a wholly owned subsidiary of Grocers Supply, operates retail Hispanic markets in the Houston, DFW, and Austin regions.  Key Achievements  * Concurrently managed multiple projects including:  ? IT Infrastructure project, to implement Cisco based Unified Communications platform across all locations of Grocers Supply  ? IT project to implement Cisco based contact center, UCCX, integrated with Sales Force, for all call centers of the organization  ? Business project designed to balance warehouse workload across days of the week and within a day, with estimated annual savings of $1 million  ? Infrastructure project, for retail payment, involving customer payments, point of sale companies and PCI compliance  ? Business Intelligence project, using Data Warehouse and BI tools, to deliver reports for the Operations team  * Implemented best practices and governance for project and portfolio management  * Improved efficiency of PMO team, by developing a costing tool to track and forecast project costs Project Manager Waste Management Inc July 2010 to September 2013 Waste Management (WM) is the leading provider of integrated environmental solutions. In addition to hauling trash and recycling, WM partners with customers and communities to manage waste and recover valuable resources creating clean, renewable energy. WM is heavily focused on revamping the IT services. Duties include managing multiple projects and handling multiple teams.  Key Achievements  * Managed Logistics & GIS program budgets, of over $5 million  * Managed the full SDLC of WM Logistics Plan versus Actual application  * Managed multiple projects including  ? Software Development projects for the GIS Program  ? Software Development project, to customize and implement KANA, a knowledge management tool, for customer service  ? Evaluated integrating Sales Force with KANA software for customer service representatives  ? Budget Application  ? BI project, using SharePoint, LogiXML, and Infopath, for the Safety team Project Manager, IT Manager SYBOR TECHNOLOGIES INC April 1995 to June 2010 SYBOR Technologies Inc. (SYBOR) is an Enterprise Systems Management (ESM) Services Provider, focused on delivering Application Management, Security and Vulnerability Management, VOIP Management and other ESM services both remotely and onsite, ensuring the best performance of IT infrastructure.  Successfully handled management duties of the business including client development, customer relations, vendor negotiations, budget and cost management, project management and HR management.