IT Project Manager 3 / Program Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> 3 / Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager 3 / Program Manager Vancouver, WA Sr. IT Project Manager with 10 years of experience implementing Information Technology solutions in banking and electric cooperative industries. Managed back office technology upgrades and full software development lifecycle programs. Budgets range from $20K to $2 million. Team sizes range from 5-50 internal employees and multiple vendors.  Core competencies include conflict resolution, risk and issue management, vendor management, contract writing, team building, process improvement, budget management, forecasting, quality assurance testing, and implementation readiness. Work Experience IT Project Manager 3 / Program Manager CoServ Electric Cooperative May 2014 to May 2017 • Provided customer data analytics with the creation of an Azure cube which better allowed for the company to plan for energy peaks, avoid potentially dangerous systems overloads and cost overruns. Also able to demonstrate how the system allowed for collection of ongoing metrics to account for changing usage patterns and proactively issues.  • Assigned to Meter Data Management System project after kick-off which was being jeopardized by conflicting prioritization between teams, lacking communication and ineffective vendor management. Drove the project through to successful, timely completion by realigning team resources, establishing a cadence for communication, improved vendor management and clarifying success criteria.  • Replaced outdated Word and Excel forms with SharePoint applications.  • Standardized a Project Site Template allowing the PMO to have one consistent message and document structure.  • Led a series of back office technology upgrades, effectively buy down technology debt.  • Saved a last-minute code level upgrade on older model L+G smart meter devices which would have severed communications with 3500 business meters and created blackouts.  • Integrated service application allowing employees to track volunteer hours/activities and recommend new initiatives.  • Spearheaded a massive data retention creation project including:  ? Scoping and redefining company rules on data retention  ? Set changes in motion to declutter the storage environment  ? Complete rip and replace of the existing backup environment moving to a digital footprint.  • Implemented an online portal for non-profit arm of the organization, CoServ Charitable Foundation, allowing 501(c)(3)'s to submit and track their application process online.  • Brought reliability to monthly billing, correspondence and checks by aligning with new 3rd party print vendor.  • Volunteered for various events, including but not limited to, blanket building for families in need, helping to run the yearly health fair, and assisting with the holiday event. IT Project Manager All SharePoint Consulting September 2012 to April 2014 • Lead SharePoint version upgrades and migrations to the cloud for a variety of clients.  • Client types included a local consulting company, a nationwide aerospace company, and 2 banks.  • Kept the schedule and budget tight without delays or issues. Sr. IT Project Manager Approach InfoTech February 2011 to August 2012 • Created the PMO for a start-up consulting company.  • Identified and established PMO framework and templates based on the PMBOK standards.  • Interviewed and hired 2 project managers, 3 business analysts and 1 project coordinator. Sr. IT Project Manager The Database Group November 2007 to June 2009 • Launched the AddItUp Program for Bank of America which provided customers an online cash back mall.  ? This program paid cash back on purchases thru the portal to the customer's chosen account.  ? Managed the full spectrum of stakeholders including executives, engineers, vendors, testers and team members.  ? Successfully navigated encryption of personally identifiable information (PII) data communications between DBG and BofA.  • Saved an enhancements project for American Airlines Rewards program for internal employees due to severe conflicts between the client and initial consultant. IT Project Manager JP MorganChase May 2004 to December 2006 • Managed enterprise-wide, multi-million-dollar projects from initiation to completion.  • Managed internal marketing projects involving educating our customers on storage offerings, and IT PMO methodologies.  • Designed and coded the Storage Area Network (SAN) Team's work management system.  ? This allowed new work requests to funnel through one channel, saving the team several hours a month in work management.  • Drove the Clariion Microcode upgrade  ? Leveraged internal assets to re-write the faulty code from vendor.  ? Managed outage window conflicts across the organization allowing required downtime and not impacting critical data.  • Senior member of BankOne to JPMorgan Chase server and storage merger team  ? Combining data centers, applications and hardware for the new joined companies.  • Server and Storage Team liaison for Change Advisory Board (CAB) to identify and communicate conflicts related to IT implementations.  ? Drove approvals for critical changes saving millions in avoided failed changes.  • Assisted in the creation of a central Project Management Office (PMO).  ? Made specific recommendations on the framework that helped enable success.    Extras  • Volunteered regularly to work the Annual Meeting for CoServ Members  • Volunteered to facilitate employee appreciation events for the PMO to host other technical groups  • Volunteered to represent CoServ at the Susan G Komen Race for the Cure  • Earned the Smith System Driver Course Certificate  • Redesigned and delivered the Introduction to the PMO course for internal attendees hosted quarterly  • Monetary donations to local outreach programs Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Information Systems in Computer Information Systems DeVry Institute of Technology 1996