IT Program Manager III - PMO Office <span class="hl">IT</span> Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> III - PMO Office IT Program Manager III - PMO Office - Blackhawk Networks Pleasanton, CA Work Experience IT Program Manager III - PMO Office Blackhawk Networks - Pleasanton, CA February 2019 to Present • IT Project Manager responsible for infrastructure build-out and decommissioning efforts for departmental moves and relocations. This included the United States, Canada, and Australia.  • Project scope included IDF builds, Cat6 cabling, MPLS, PRI, and POTS circuits, Avaya Gateway phone upgrades, Call Center IVR upgrades, Audio Visual buildouts, Wi-Fi, Security cameras, card readers, and other infrastructure components.  • Developed Project Schedules and Managed Vendors along with Internal Resources. Provided documentation for issues and risks, tracked purchase requests, and reported status to several Directors. IT Project Manager - PMO Office VMware - Los Gatos, CA July 2018 to February 2019 • Managed the IT infrastructure buildout for several campus renovation projects that included vendor management, IDF to desktop cabling, Cisco networking, Aruba wireless systems, and beacon navigation systems.  • Project managed a pilot implementation of the campus IT BMS system that included architectural, security, and resource requirements.  • Managed projects through Smart Sheet portals as part of the PMO process. Documents included initiation, scope, design, project task plan, implementation and closure. IT Project Manager - PMO Office Western Digital Corporation - San Jose, CA February 2018 to July 2018 • Project Manager for the Las Vegas Data Center build-out.  • Managed the decommissioning at the Irvine Data Center and VM conversions at Las Vegas Switch Data Center.  • Managed AS400 server refresh projects at the manufacturing sites in Great Oaks California and Hayward California.  • Project Manager for the DCIM Implementation at Las Vegas Switch Data Center and Hayward Data Center IT Project Manager - PMO Office National Mortgage Insurance - Emeryville, CA June 2017 to February 2018 • Upgraded Cisco Unified Communication Systems within the Call Center Environment that included Call Manager, Unity Connection, Contact Center Express, and Express Gateway.  • Managed the vendors, reviewed SOW's, prepared Project Charters, Project Plans, and PowerPoint presentations.  • Coordinated an architectural design and buildout of a DMZ between company headquarters and remote sites. Collaborated with Networking and Security groups for the installation of Virtual Servers, VLAN's, Ports, Fire Walls, and Access Control Lists.  • Managed Vendor deliverables that included security and audit assessments of the companies Microsoft 365 Office Enterprise System. IT Project Manager - PMO Office Roche Pharmaceuticals - Pleasanton, CA January 2017 to June 2017 • Managed the migration of Dropbox Repository Structures from an acquired Subsidiary to Roche's Google Drive environment.  • Managed the re-imaging of Subsidiary's User Desktop environment to the Roche Corporate Standard and migrated users to the Roche Corporate Network.  • Migrated subsidiary company into the Roche Cisco VoIP System and provided specifications for AV Conference room upgrades.  • Managed outside Vendors for data, VoIP, and analog cable drops from IDF to termination points. IT Project Manager - PMO Office EBay Inc - San Jose, CA July 2015 to January 2017 Global Mergers and Acquisitions)  • Responsible for new building and office Expansion Projects across the North American Region with budgets between one hundred thousand to one and a half million dollars.  • Projects included the installation of IDF or MDF rooms, network cabling systems, telecommunication systems, Wi-Fi Systems, Security Camera Systems, Card Reader Systems, and Audio/Video Conference room installations.  • Conducted discovery meetings, gathered Requirements, submitted Budget Estimates, established Project Plans, created Purchase Orders and managed all projects through the Close Out process.  • Cisco 4510R+E switches, Avaya G450 gateways, Avocent Cyclades, Aruba WAPS, Milt-Mode fiber, Cat6 cabling, PDU, Watt-Stopper, and HP Scout Project Planner. IT Project Manager Wells Fargo Bank - Pleasanton, CA February 2014 to July 2015 • Projects included new Server Builds, Server Upgrades, SAN and NAS Storage additions, Application Installations, Application Version upgrades, Data Center Cabling, and Vendor Management. Managed all projects from inception through Change Control implementation  • Collaborated with Business Management, PMO Management, and Resource Departments, during project discovery, scope, funding, task assignments, resource assignments, and other implementation efforts. IT Project Manager CA Technologies - San Jose, CA June 2013 to January 2014 • Conducted discovery meetings, gathered requirements, created Cut-over Plans, and orchestrated activities during the migration and consolidation of several Co-Located Data Centers. Evaluated Vendor Services, reviewed Work Statements, and tracked Vendor Performance during, design, build, test, and implementation phases.  • Coordinated with External Vendors, Internal Business Units, and various Technical Groups for a company-wide implementation of Alert Logic's Threat Manager and Log Manager Services for various Red Hat OS versions.  • Developed project schedules, dashboards, and Xcel spread sheets. IT Project Manager JP Morgan Chase - Pleasanton, CA November 2012 to May 2013 • Project Manager during the migration of the "Order to Payment Software System" to a new UAT environment.  • Conducted Scrum meetings with the Implementation Team to gather project requirements, status, issues, risks, and to ensure that the all Milestones were being accomplished.  • Developed Project Plans, Time Lines, Dash Boards, and Statistical Reporting documents for weekly review by the Steering Committee Governance Board.  • Maintained issue logs, tracked trouble tickets, and updated the Governance Status Reporting Slide Deck, and the Optical Reporting system.  • Delivered the project on time. IT Project Manager Kaiser Permanente - Pleasanton, CA December 2011 to November 2012 • Managed multiple projects consisting of New Server builds, Existing Server OS upgrades, and Server OS migrations between Unix AIX systems. Activities included Virtual and Dedicated Server Build-Outs, Public and Private Network Configurations, SAN Allocation/Zoning/Masking, DNS entries, F5 Appliance clustering, Software License transfers, and HACMP Fail-Over configurations.  • Responsible for Project Plans, Vendor coordination, Hardware and Software purchases, and SharePoint Site updates. Conducted discovery meetings with various Lines of Business, tracked deliverables, updated Project schedules, executed Change control, and provided liaison activities during all project phases. IT Project Manager Walmart - San Mateo, CA October 2011 to December 2011 • Managed Vendors and Network Engineering Groups during the Data Center relocation of major systems such as Campus Wireless LAN/WAN; Active Directory, New Data Center Design and the New Network Operations Center (NOC).  • Authored and obtained Executive approval for a Statement of Work that defined the Vendor assisted installation of their Cisco ISE Wireless LAN. The SOW included, design aspects, component identification, technical installation plan, milestones and deliverables, and a financial breakdown for internal approvals.  • Coordinated major move aspects such as IDF infrastructure device connectivity, MDF and Core Switches, NOC video and data, and Data Center Construction. IT Project Manager Wells Fargo Bank - Pleasanton, CA February 2010 to September 2011 • Member of a Project Management Audit Team providing mitigation, remediation, and the resolution of non-compliant server and networking configuration and component settings.  • A liaison between Retail LOB Managers, Audit Managers, Planners, Technical Support, and the Office of Risk Management for the identification and resolution of risk, in the Retail Server and Networking environments.  • Responsible for Cross Functional Meetings, Project Schedules, Status Reports, Issue Logs, Change Control, SharePoint Updates, Security Plan Approvals, SIT/UAT Pilot Testing, Conflict Resolution, and reconciliation between Systems of Record.  • Managed projects including Hardware Decommissioning, Security Software Installations, Group Policy Object Updates, Domain Migrations, Firewall Modifications, and Security Plan Approvals. IT Project Manager Federal Home Loan Bank - San Francisco, CA August 2009 to January 2010 • Prepared project schedules for the IS-Program Manager that included tasks, durations, resources, and milestones to ensure compliance with the Bank's mandated SDLC policy.  • Managed replacement of Cisco PIX to ASA firewalls within the Bank's DMZ and Edge Routing infrastructures.  • Prepared RFP to upgrade the Banks Enterprise Password Vault system (Cyber-Ark) that required the negotiation of scope, tasks, fees, and agreements.  • Provided a Gap Analysis that established the need to upgrade the Banks File Transfer System from Institutional Vendor Banks using AS2 encoded protocol and HTTPS.  • Coordinated with managers, architects, and engineers to design and implement a Domain Controller, Internet Filtering Server, and a redundant T-1 circuit for the Washington DC Lobbyist Office. IT Project Manager Wells Fargo Bank - Concord, CA November 2008 to July 2009 • Project Manager for the Wachovia and Wells Fargo "Day-One" Merger and Discovery Team; provided system and application interoperability support for diverse environments including, Trading Systems, Accounting Systems, File Delivery Systems, Network Integration, Domain Integration, Firewall Security, and Change Control.  • Provided Integration support to Multiple Lines of Business and Resource groups for the discovery, design, and implementation of Medium to High Risk Merger related directives.  • Coordinated Enterprise Connectivity between Wells Fargo and Wachovia Call Center Lab environments that required discovery meetings, requirements gathering, architectural designs, firewall security plans, and Change Control Coordination.  • Coordinated first ever Wells Fargo and Wachovia Call Center CTI integration that included remote server builds of Genesys Systems, configuration of Cisco VOIP Clusters, and interoperability of Aspect Phone Switch capabilities like call streaming, call waiting, and call routing. IT Project Manager Wachovia Bank - Oakland, CA February 2008 to October 2008 • Engaged Business Line managers, Technology Service groups, Corporate Real Estate, and Program Mangers insuring that all technical needs were planned and accounted for and all initiatives were within Scope of the overall Project Plan.  • Scheduled and Managed Vendor Resources for the re-configuration of servers, desktop systems, printers, faxes, and copiers from Static IP to Domain Named Services.  • Prepared Gap analysis of several Wachovia and Golden West Application Systems and managed the engineering changes, User Acceptance Testing, and the reconciliation of the converted systems. Managed Moving Vendors, Cable Vendors, and Cubicle Re-Build Vendors. IT Project Manager Washington Mutual Bank - Pleasanton, CA February 2007 to January 2008 • Prepared SDLC documentation for SOX audit compliance during the development and implementation of a Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery System used for transferring Secure Credit information using High-Availability systems.  • Managed External Vendors to ensure compliance to WAMU File Transmission Security Standards. This included the coordination of their Technicians and Project Managers for the conversion of non-secure FTP/HTTP to the Corporate Compliant (SSL) SFTP/HTTPS protocol suits.  • Managed Proxy Server and Hub Server build-outs, Fiber installations, Firewall configurations, and the installation of Security Software for their Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery efforts.  • Validated Firewall control lists, port assignments, back-out strategies, communications plan, and user acceptance testing (UAT) for pre-production and post-production efforts. Custom Home Developer DKS Development - Pleasanton, CA June 2003 to January 2007 • Acted as the owner for all phases of development and construction activities that included establishing and maintaining solid working relationships with General Contractors, Public Agencies, and Lending Institutions.  • Estimated and tracked Costs, for all tasks, subtasks, and milestones while assigning resources for the balancing of Time with Actual Costs. Coordinated efforts of contractors, craftsmen, and inspectors while maintaining schedule control and project cash flow.  • Negotiated contracts for Building Loans, Land Purchases, Architectural Designs, Contractor Services, and Real Estate Sales.  • Responsible for the understanding and interpretation of Local Building Codes, Architectural Drawings, Construction Drawings, Engineering Drawings, and Legal Aspects relating to Land Development. Project Manager Wells Fargo Bank - Walnut Creek, CA April 1999 to May 2003 • Managed the upgrading of a Computer Telephony Integration System for Call Recording and Quality Assurance.  • Managed conversion of the Banks Overhead Display Systems from a Coaxial Cable Network to a Fiber Optic Centralized IP system.  • Prepared Visio documentation and LAN/WAN architectural drawings for security compliance at data center locations. Education Bachelor of Science in Business Administration University of Phoenix December 1987 Links http://Walmart.com