IT Operations Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Operations <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Operations Manager Sugar Land, TX Work Experience IT Operations Manager NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION - Houston, TX 2006 to 2019 Coordinated technical operations, staff leadership, and resource management for desktop support services to NG business sectors within defined geographic area. Supported customers in over 20 states with team members located in over 6 states. Performed all activities within allocated team budget.  • Met SLAs and avoided rework and customer frustration by providing technical and procedural guidance to staff, while serving as primary point of contact for area performance and evaluation.  • Reviewed customer satisfaction data and collaborated with vFire ticketing system, ensuring work was documented, and reports were produced daily to meet SLAs.  • Reduced cost of services to customers and enhanced support team efficiency by recommending and implementing processes / procedures supporting continuous improvement initiatives.  • Hired employees and contractors, ensuring proper training to perform Statement of Work and achieve SLAs.  • Evaluated non-recurring service requests from customers and provided level of effort and cost feedback to management, ensuring all non-recurring services were executed on time and on or under budget.  • Coordinated and collaborated on small and large projects with network, server, telecom, service desk, and other teams, including moving from Altiris to SCCM and implementing network access control for organization. Project Manager Houston Emergency Center 2005 to 2006 Managed team of system administrators, database administrators, and application programmers to provide critical software support for Houston Emergency Center - 911 System. Supported mission-critical applications developed by Northrop Grumman.  • Ensured timely escalation and resolution of issues and minimized impact on mission-critical applications and clients, by coordinating changes, testing software, and holding regular meetings with clients and remote team members. Education Master of Science (MS) in Computer Science University of Houston - Houston, TX Bachelor of Engineering in (BE), Civil Engineering N.E.D. University of Engineering and Technology - Karachi, PK Skills LINUX, SHELL SCRIPTING, UNIX, COBOL, SCRIPTING Links http://linkedin.com/in/shahzad-khan-ms-cs Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS    ? Windows 10 / 7  ? Microsoft Office Suite  ? Unix OS Administration  ? Linux Administration  ? C Programming  ? Cobol Programming  ? Shell Scripting