IT Quality Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Quality <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Quality Project Manager - Verizon South Bound Brook, NJ A highly motivated, results driven and meticulous IT professional with 13+ years of experience in all phases of IT life cycle, including requirements gathering, risk analysis, project planning, scheduling, testing, defect tracking, management & reporting. Adept at using both manual & automated testing tools to troubleshoot systems, integration, user acceptance, positive/negative, functionality, object, and regression testing. Recognized by peers as an exceptional communicator that seamlessly adapts to changing environments from both technical & business perspectives.  Impact Statement: I am a passionate, highly motivated, results driven and meticulous IT Professional, Project Manager & Solutions Architect. I have been highly successful in all aspects of IT Project implementation, launching over 500 IT Projects, facilitating annual revenue growth of 4%. I'm looking for a Company who needs a highly successful IT Project Manager and Solutions Architect. I would be your " IT Project Superman". Work Experience IT Quality Project Manager Verizon - Piscataway, NJ August 2013 to Present Responsible for overseeing/managing IT quality-assurance testing and teams for client software and systems development projects. Acted as a Solutions Architect between Business and IT Teams. Performed system, unit, performance, load, regression, stress and data interface testing. Provided client developer teams with detailed reports on quality metrics, identified bugs/flaws and recommended fixes. Involved in requirement gathering, analysis, and design, and performed end to end testing  • Analyze business and system requirements, manage development of specifications to create and execute detailed test plans, and verify bug fixes.  • Manage a Team of Manual and Automation System Testers.  • Configure test environment and create strategy for product development and certification using AWS, iOS and Cloud.  • Assure test data, schedule automated/manual tests, both White Box and Black Box.  • Approve results documentation and tracking systems updates.  • Identified and documented defects/system issues using JIRA and HP Quality Center, and assisted of root cause analysis for timely resolution of defects.  • Assist clients, service providers, managers and supervisors to clarify operating policies and assist in the design of concise written operating procedures IT Operations Project Manager Verizon - Basking Ridge, NJ May 2006 to August 2018 Responsible for providing strategic management in order to ensure that the project proceeds within the agreed tolerances of time/budget and delivers a fit for purpose outcome to Key Stakeholders.  • Coordinated the implementation of cross-functional projects, ensuring on time delivery  • Implemented process improvements to M&P's, national policies and procedures  • Led Core Team with several cross-functional groups to provide critical project deliverables  • Developed and documented system requirements and business cases for sign off/approval  • Generated market and customer-focused solutions during planning and implementation IT Business Analyst/ Project Manager Verizon - Morristown, NJ August 2008 to August 2013 Managed system integration analysis, requirements elicitation, design and development for more than 15,500 of Verizon's authorized resellers nationwide. Responsible for providing strategic project management for all Software as a service implementation projects.  • Managed Projects end to end within Project Life Cycle. Gathered requirements from users across the enterprise, liaised with the development team and completed the implementation within defined release schedule.  • Identified process and system gaps and developed potential solutions while Leading a Team of UAT Testers.  • Evaluated, tested and recommended new opportunities for enhancing software, hardware and IT processes  • Conducted UAT testing for all Software as a Service Implementation projects  • Created test cases and test scripts using HP Quality Center. TeleSales Manager Verizon - Branchburg, NJ April 2000 to May 2006 Responsible for overseeing inbound and outbound call center activities. Primary focus was new ad programs which increased base revenue and additional lines.  • Led Sales Team of 10+ people with training, motivation, resources, information and guidance to successfully meet and surpass sales objectives.  • Fully trained all new hires for Telesales, which included: Initial Wireless, Plans, Equipment, Accessories, Data, Systems, Sales, Customers First (CFT), Code of Conduct, Integrity & Quality Training  • Hired, analyzed and fulfilled staffing and scheduling needs to ensure adequate number of employees to cover phone lines. Reduced waiting time and increased customer satisfaction.  • Consistently achieved Team quota of 130% or better. Education B.S. in Computer Science William Paterson University Skills Gap analysis, Product management, Team management, Sqa, Uat, Python, Java, Ui, Test plans, Uat testing, Qa, Quality assurance, Customer service, Cases, Information Technology, Waterfall, PM, Scrum Master, PMP, Software Development, SDLC, Itil, Scheduling, budget, Estimating, Outlook Links http://WWW.LINKEDIN.COM/IN/RAL-FARALLA-18945083 Additional Information Core Skills:  Test Plans, Cases & Processes Functional Requirements UAT Testing  Regression & Negative Testing UI & Compatibility Testing Defect/ Bug Tracking  SQA Testing & Methodologies Agile/Scrum Development Process Data Interface & Migration Testing Automation Test Tools QA & QC Standards Java and Python    Professional Skills:  Team Management & Administration Business Analyst Systems Planning & Gap Analysis  Project Management Solutions Architect Quality Assurance Production/Product Management AWS & Cloud Computing Customer Service & Customer Experience