IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager Atlanta, GA Work Experience IT Project Manager HCL America - Pittsburgh, PA July 2019 to July 2019 Own, drive, and deliver a route planning system project for a global logistics client from beginning to end involving multi-team cooperation across geographical region with a 30% shorter timeline compared to project baseline successfully.    Responsible for;  • Plan and implement projects.  • Help define project scope, goals and deliverables.  • Define tasks and required resources.  • Collect and manage project team.  • Manage budget.  • Allocate project resources.  • Create schedule and project timeline.  • Track deliverables. IT Project Manager Infosys Limited - Hicksville, NY June 2017 to April 2019 • Managing project timelines and budgets.  • Managing risks and mitigating their impact on projects.  • Proactively lead, coach, and motivate project team members.  Contributing to the development of project process improvements and best practices.  • Responsible for managing operational support to production system through cross-functional and global partnerships.  • Focus on team member development, training, coaching and evaluation resulted in achieving customer satisfaction ratings well over 90%.  • Oversaw training, development, scheduling, and performance management for 10 onshore and 14 offshore staff members.  • Developed process within the team to improve communication.  • Directed the development of a Telecoms data warehouse and business intelligence solution for a new purchase subsidiary company in order to synchronize with parent company.  • Interacting directly with stakeholders and clients to determine their wants and needs.  • Making sure that everyone involved in the project knows their responsibilities.  • Implemented an "Employee Self Driven" initiative where the individual contributors identified issues in their environment and then took steps to remedy them and were successful in improving response on issue.  • Enforced stringent quality control standards and ensured attainment of all product development life cycle milestones.  • Managed escalated customer complaints through resolution utilizing cross-functional and global resources as required.  • Identified and resolved business system problems utilizing continuous process improvement activities.  • Managed User Acceptance Testing (UAT) planning, documentation, tester training including UAT completion sign-off; resulting in a 50% reduction in UAT test cycle time.  • Managed the product's entire life-cycle and developed on-line and off-line marketing strategies.  • Working with development teams and product owner to removing obstacles that are impeding the team's progress.  • Led Product Development teams through all phases of SDLC from requirements gather, design, implement and testing.  • Identified and replicated issues reported, analyzed them, perform root cause analysis (RCA) and proposing the solution to client.  • Translated business requirements into IT solution design to drive a seamless future system.  • Helping the development team to stay focused and follow the agreed-upon rules for daily scrums. IT Technical Project Manager CDiscount VN / (Offshore-Singapore) March 2015 to June 2017 • Responsible for full project life cycle, including project initiation, status reporting, and other administrative activities.  • Leads and participates 17 offshore staff member in the design, development, and testing of systems in Agile environment.  • Defines and manages resource requirements and allocations, monitors and improves quality, and ensures best practice' development techniques.  • Directs, motivates and develops staff, maximizing their individual contribution, their professional growth and their ability to function effectively with their colleagues as a team.  • Interact with business partners/clients to understand and identify their product needs.  • Recruit and build productive Software Development teams including Reviews periodic and annual performance of team members.  • Work with business leaders and end users to define new processes and system enhancements that bring efficiency, cost saving benefits, and/or additional revenue to the business.  • Build products using Agile Scrum / waterfall development methodologies with Java JEE technologies, EXT JS and Android.  • Manage activities and timelines for developing software and products in line with business priorities.  • Work with the CTO and other managers to evaluate, improve, and deliver on departmental and company objectives.  • Maintains an awareness of new developments in IT asset and service technology that can add value to IT Department.  • Manages the relationship with customers in their assigned business area, consulting on the most effective utilization of technology and proactively managing expectations.  • Trained employees on software applications.  • Performed quality assurance, system integration and user acceptance testing facilitating on-time, on-budget and acclaimed "go-live" of enterprise implementations for up to 12,000 global users.  • Researched data dialysis errors and worked to rectify errors, allowing the business to make informed decisions and improve operational efficiency.  • Provided software requirements to programmers and web developers to address major software needs for the organization.  • Worked as a liaison between technical teams and the business. Project Lead SHAW INDUSTRIES, Inc - Dalton, GA March 2010 to March 2015 • Managing 4 teams both onshore and offshore between 10 to 24 IT staff members in all aspects of software development life cycle (SDLC) with both Agile and Waterfall environments.  ? Requirements gathering.  ? Designs Interface, Process Flow, Database Object / Relations and Web Infrastructure.  ? Create work breakdown structure (WBS) with technical specs and time estimates.  ? Implementations phase.  ? Quality Assurance phase.  ? Deployment to production environment.  ? Production Supports.  • Responsible for working with vendor's application on the technical requirements for upgrades, testing, and modifications of applications results in higher performance of 34 percent faster.  • Communicates with top-level IT management, project sponsors, functional area managers and/or consultant regarding status of specific projects.  ? Provide alternative solutions to current system processes to senior IT manager's results of 24% of project man-hours.  • Manage client boarding and relations maintenance throughout project.  ? Welcome  ? Expectations  ? Process  • Performs staffs annual performance reviews.  ? Delivering regular relevant job feedback  ? Setting and communicating clear performance expectations  ? Identifying organizational career paths for employees  ? Providing appropriate learning and development opportunities  • Managing development team in designing, implementing, testing and supporting of both Microsoft .NET and Java J2EE technologies environments.  • Provide leadership and direction to project team members.  • Manage stakeholders  ? Identify  ? Evaluate  ? Strategy  • Manage highly 9 projects utilizing Java, J2EE, Struts, Hibernate, Spring, JPA, JSP, AJAX, Web Services, Etc.  • Led teams across broad technical, financial and business disciplines. Focused teams on business objectives and tracked progress to ensure project milestones were completed on time, on budget and with the desired results.  • Drove increase in company revenue of 14% by managing the integration and consolidation of data across several in-house applications for the financial services department.  ? Restructure database schema to match up with current system.  ? Create database scripts for extract, transform and load (ETL) process.  • Defined processes best suited to each project. Moved between agile and waterfall approaches depending on project specifics and client goals, creating detailed project road maps, plans, schedules and work breakdown structures.  • Monitoring project risks to find potential problems and proactively identifying solutions to solve them in advance.  • Led disaster recovery planning for a large manufacturing company's operational database to ensure data integrity and guarantee recovery performance and high availability that reduced downtime of 19%.  • Worked cross-functionally with software development team in designing, coding, testing and supporting functionality and operation of in-house applications. Project Lead / IT Consultant PYRAMID CONSULTING, Inc - Dalton, GA September 2008 to March 2010 • Managing all aspects of software development life cycle (SDLC), from gather requirements through development, testing, delivery, enhancement and production support in Agile / Waterfall enrironment.  ? Requirements gathering, Designs Interface, Process Flow, Database Object / Relations and Web Infrastructure, Create work breakdown structure (WBS) with technical specs and time estimates, Implementations phase, Quality Assurance phase, Deployment to production environment and Production Supports.  • Work with internal managers to build appropriate project teams by selecting appropriate staff based on skills and experiences result in 20 percent decrease in projects time-line.  • Organizes and manages all phases of the project to ensure on-time completion.  • Direct team of 17 IT staff members in the administration, support, enhancement, upgrade of systems and publishing operations for all US territories.  • Primarily responsible for coordinating enterprise-wide projects requiring expertise in multiple web-based J2EE applications, as well as Struts, Hibernate, JPA and Spring technology.  • Led systems and data analysis, design, development, integration, and enhancement activities, and provided continued maintenance and production support. Utilized Microsoft Reporting Services to develop periodic system reports.  • Spearheaded the implementation of high availability and disaster recovery processes on all production databases.  • Developed and optimized key database processes, including structures, tables, stored procedures, views, triggers, and user-defined functions, indexes, and cursors that result in 24% performance increase.  • Defined and facilitated the conversion of business processes into data modeling to inform data warehousing procedures; process was subsequently rolled out corporate-wide.  • Interpreting customer requirements into conceptual and logical design specifications.  • Provide direction and manage team in manager's absence and participate in providing performance feedback to team members.  • Developing interfaces and prototypes, recommend changes to meet requirements, and document application issues.  • Provide instruction and guidance to less senior team members on new tasks and assignments.  • Developed Android applications with Experience Building and Maintaining Successful Android Applications while utilizing the most Up to Date Technologies.  • Built Android application to manage employee's itinerary of their trips and budgets. Project Manager / IT Consultant MATRIX RESOURCES - Atlanta, GA October 2006 to March 2008 • Manage enterprise project from client key requirements to completion and supports.  • Charged with designing a wide range of security- and transaction-related processes on behalf of vendors in the banking, POS, and card services industries. Designed, implemented, and maintained J2EE web application to securely capture and record electronic signatures, transactions, and receipt imports into an electronic database.  • Responsible for working with vendor application on the technical requirements for upgrades, testing and modifications result in $200,000.00 less on company hardware expenses.  • Developed project plans and ensured goals were met according to schedule.  • Supervised testing and coordinated on-site training to vendor.  • Assumed management responsibility by evaluating upcoming and ongoing projects, assigning tasks to team members and reporting project status in the manager's absence.  Include performing related research, preparing and administering budgets, performing analysis, preparing bids, selecting vendors, managing outside consultants and determining requirements.  • Tech lead, responsible for the strategic development and implementation of cost-effective training and support solutions that are designed to provide improved productivity, streamlined operations, and faster access to critical information.  • Created improved security encryption protocols to meet VISA Cardholder Information Security Program (CISP) requirements that ensured account information security during POS, internet or phone card transactions.  • Introduced innovative training and educational solutions for both new and existing employees that resulted in markedly improved productivity, streamlined operations, and quicker access to critical information.  • Served in a key management capacity for upcoming and on-going projects; evaluated project progress, assigned workflow, and updated stakeholders on project status.  • Established, maintained, and optimized client databases by designing indices, utilizing database normalization techniques, tuning query execution plans, and redesigning indices to compact and minimize fragmented space. Lead Software Engineer STANLEY ASSOCIATES, Inc - College Park, GA May 2001 to May 2006 • Manages staff in developing website infrastructure and application server services, to ensure the maximum availability and security of services.  • Develops hands-on knowledge for emerging technology developments, utilizes existing tools, and tracks records of vendors' products, etc. in the web marketplace.  • Managed and maintained core back-end technology development for high volume network of 200,000+ users. Trained and provided technical support to junior team members. Collected and analyzed data to prepare monthly statistical reports based on company performance. Managed build and release of company's product line. Analyzed current optimization models to identify areas of improvement and provide recommendations for cost-based optimization. Established standards for all MSSQL Server database environments based on SQL Server's 2000 Optimal Architecture, including redesigning all new and legacy environments to adhere to newly established standards.  • Integrally involved in developing and overseeing J2EE applications during company migration from Delphi.  • Project Lead on seven-person engineering team for multiple banking clients; utilized MFC and Microsoft Visual Studio .NET to parse credit information from major credit bureaus for loan and credit card processing needs.  • Designed ASP.NET web application as backend for an online store that enabled customers to seamlessly browse, search, categorize, and purchase products with a single click; also recommended items based on preferences.  • Key contributor in the implementation of a multi-tiered system for maintenance, repair, and inventory control of military equipment for The United States Army.  • Analyzes user requirements, procedures, and problems to automate processing Web Master for Media Atlanta, GA April 1999 to May 2001 Lead a team of 5 developers in developing, maintaining and supporting client's websites. Education Associate of Science in Computer Information Systems in Remington Southeast College - Metairie, LA Skills Life cycle, Software development life cycle, Requirements analysis, Sdlc, Full software development life cycle, Uml, Bea, Bea weblogic, Ejb, J2ee, Java, Hibernate, Spring, Jboss, Jms, Jsp, Rmi, Servlets, Struts, Team management Additional Information Areas of Expertise:  • Activity and resource planning.  • Organizing and motivating a project team.  • Controlling time management.  • Cost estimating and developing the budget.  • Ensuring customer satisfaction.  • Analyzing and managing project risk.  • Monitoring progress.  • Project Life cycle Management  • Requirements Analysis  • Performance Reviews  • Cross-Functional Team Leadership  • Stakeholder Relationship Management  • Client on boarding and Relations Maintenance  • Onshore Offshore Team Management  • Agile/Scrum and Waterfall methodology  • Full Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) Management    PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT & SKILLS    J2EE - Brave Point, Norcross, GA  BEA Web Logic - Brave Point, Norcross, GA  .NET Development - Brave Point, Norcross, GA  ORACLE - Burleson Consulting, Kittrell, NC  Delphi Database Access - DSW Group, Atlanta, GA  Sybase - Sybase Consultant, Atlanta, GA  Nortel Networks - Net ARCH, Montgomery, AL    TECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES    Platforms: Windows, Solaris, UNIX, and Linux.  Databases: SQL Server, MySQL, Sybase, Oracle, DB2  Languages: Java/J2EE (JSP, Servlets, EJB, JMS, RMI, XML, Java Network)  Frameworks: Struts, Spring, Hibernate  Client: HTML, XHTML, CSS, JavaScript, AJAX  Other Languages: Delphi, C++, PHP, C#, UML, VB, ASP .NET, PL/SQL  Networking: TCP/IP, Socket, XML, Apache Tomcat, IBM Web Sphere, JBOSS, BEA WebLogic