Support Manager Support <span class="hl">Manager</span> Support Manager Newport Beach, CA IT professional with over 15 years of experience, including high profile global projects,  implementing infrastructure technology, technical support and customer service, with a hands-  on profile. Looking for a position as an IT Project Manager or Support Manager.  Born in Brazil and immigrated to the United States in 2016, have the Employment Authorization  Document, required by law to be able to work in the US. Work Experience Support Manager RCB INFORMATION TECNOLOGY November 2016 to June 2019 Project: Technical consulting services  § Responsible for assembling project plans and teamwork assignments, directing and monitoring work efforts on a daily basis, identifying resource needs, performing quality  reviews and escalating functional, quality, timeline issues appropriately, tracking key  project milestones and adjusting project plans and resources.  § Monitoring the availability, performance and security for all operational and infrastructural aspects of hosted/managed solutions, supporting 24x7 global operations.  § Translating business requirements into technical scopes of work and processes for software implementation.  § Establish and maintain standards and practices related to the organization's  technologies including service levels, security, data integrity, policies and procedures. IT Project Manager Atos.net January 2016 to September 2016 Project: Sports & Major Events: Rio 2016 Summer Olympic Games  Rio de Janeiro and Belo Horizonte, Brazil  § Responsible for leading the implementation of the Rio 2016 Summer Olympic Games at various competition venues in different locations, according to the sport modalities. The  project covered constant communication among different international service providers, local government and sports committee, team management, infrastructure and security  installation, mentoring, and deployment activities to ensure alignment with business  goals and objectives.  § Developed comprehensive project plans, project charters, risk log, meeting minutes, communication plans and presentations.  § In charge of planning and implementation of all IT infrastructure and services at sport  competition venues, including networking (CISCO routers, switches, firewall, UPS and power generator), cabling (with physical redundancy and resilience) and more than 800  pieces of IT equipment.  § Managed 20 IT Staff to support users during the sport competitions (athlete delegations, international media and broadcast).  § Escalate service or project issues that couldn't be completed within agreed schedule.  § Coordinated decommission of all IT installed after end of games. IT Support Manager Sonda.com - Rio de Janeiro, BR March 2012 to August 2015 Project: Michelin South America  Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Argentina and Ecuador  § Managed service desk levels 2 and 3 for plants and offices, supervising 40 IT professionals  including database administrators, Oracle and JD Edwards ERP developers, java  developers and web designers.  § Created troubleshooting guide and scripts for IT team, implemented service catalog, workflow system and knowledge transfer policies including shadowing and central  knowledge database.  § Presented monthly KPIs to CEO and prioritized support according to SLA levels.  § Coordinated response to enhancement requests and mitigate business impact of software/hardware changes.  § Responsible to insure maximum systems uptime by performing preventive maintenance, monitoring critical systems and conducting root cause analysis to eliminate/prevent  problems re-occurrence.  § Support for periodic disaster recovery simulations and solutions. IT Infrastructure Manager Lobeck Automation - Rio de Janeiro, BR January 2010 to March 2012 Brazil  § Coordinated implementation of ERP software with vendors, including new servers and database.  § Responsible for availability, performance, and security for all operational and infrastructural aspects of hosted/managed solutions, supporting 24x7 global operations.  § Managed networking platform and virtualization using VMWare, Citrix and Exchange, set  up firewall policies and TCP/IP port forwarding.  § Supervised cabling of 4 floor building, installation of RFID access controls and security  cameras. IT Support Manager Apligraf.com.br September 2007 to January 2010 and March 1998 - December 2002)  Project: Technical Support at software house specialized in real time quotes and charts for stock exchange  Rio de Janeiro and Sao Paulo, Brazil  § Managed service desk, mentored IT team, wrote policies and optimized customer service.  § Tested new software and updated user guides.  § Trained stockbroker customers to operate software including at exhibition events.  § Maintained webservers using SQL queries, Linux commands and scripts.  § Data manipulation with import/export procedures integrating systems IT Project Manager Atos.net - Rio de Janeiro, BR November 2006 to September 2007 Project: XV Pan American Games Rio 2007  Rio de Janeiro, Brazil  § VITM - Venue Information Technology Management - planning, implementation and operation of IT services at event venues, including networking installation, equipment  deployment and local support team management. IT Technical Support Sonda.com - Brazil, IN June 2003 to August 2006 Project: Grupo Bimbo do Brazil  Rio de Janeiro, Brazil  § In charge of IT department at industrial plant and 3 distribution centers.  § Windows Servers administration, VPN between plant and central distribution, equipment  acquisitions and hardware maintenance, backup data restoration using ARCServer, Lotus  Notes Administration. Education Bachelor of Business Administration in Business Administration Southern States University - Irvine, CA 2018 MBA in Business Management University of Rio de Janeiro City - Rio de Janeiro, BR 2005