IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Portland, OR Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager Kelsam Ghana Limited - Accra September 2012 to April 2018 Project Fields:  Computer Networking  Telephony  Security Systems Installation (Surveillance Cameras, Alarm Systems), Access Control,   Home Automation    Role:  1. Defining and clarifying Project scope  • Developing the project plan  • Developing the project schedule  • Developing Policies and Procedures to support the achievement of the project objectives  2. Determining the organizational structure of the project team  • Identifying roles and positions  • Identifying services to be provided by external companies if required  3. Setting Team direction  • Coordinating activities across different organizational functions  • Motivating team members  • Assigning specific tasks and work  4. Defining the project baselines  • Tracking project progress  • Project status reporting  • Determining and taking corrective actions where necessary  • Handing Over Completed Projects    Some Landmark Projects Undertaken  Economic and Organized Crime Office (EOCO) – Server Based IP Surveillance for inner and outer Perimeter Acacia Medical Centre – Networking, Telephony, IP Surveillance for inner and outer Perimeter  Barclays Bank Ghana – Set up of Surveillance Control Room  Finali Limited – Network Management  Airport Hills Residence - Intercom, Networking and Gate Automation, IP Surveillance  Express Capital - IP Surveillance for inner and outer Perimeter and Alarm System  Bank of Africa- IP Surveillance for inner and outer Perimeter Earl Beam - IP Surveillance for inner and outer Perimeter and Alarm System  Airport Hills Management Office - IP Surveillance for Outer Perimeter  I.C.G.C Doxa Temple - IP Surveillance for inner and outer Perimeter IT Manager Emmaland & Cardero Group of Companies - Accra July 2010 to August 2012 Job Scope includes:  • Setting up, Management and Troubleshooting LAN infrastructure both Wired and Wireless.  • Analyzing security vulnerability and implementing appropriate changes.  • Designing and Updating of Company Website.  • Creating and Managing Corporate Email Accounts for the Company  • Setting up and Managing CCTV system on LAN and remotely on devices  • Researching purchasing information on hardware and software acquisitions.  • Liaising & meeting with external suppliers of IT products and services.  • Producing reports for Senior Managers.  • Responsible for the fast and accurate troubleshooting of reported faults. IT Business Development iBurst Africa; - Accra April 2008 to June 2010 • Initiating sales of IT Products and Services to Corporate organizations and Individuals  • Presentation and Demonstration of Products and Services to potential clients  • Organization of Promotions for Products and Services  • Installation and Configuration Products and Services  • Handling After sales service and support Education Bachelor's in Information Studies University of Ghana - Accra Certificate; PMBOK Based Course in Project Management (2013) in Project Management Knowledge Tree Technologies - Accra Skills Network Management (10+ years), Microsoft Office (10+ years), Mac OS X (10+ years), Systems Integration (5 years), CCTV (6 years), Word, Outlook, budget, Customer Service, Estimating Certifications/Licenses Operating Systems And Application Programs February 2004 to Present Introduction to PC/Typing and MS-Windows  Microsoft Word  Microsoft Excel  Microsoft Access  Microsoft Powerpoint Dynamic Web Development August 2004 to Present Web Page Design: Dreamweaver MX  Fireworks  Flash Mx  Web Programming (HTML,ASP & PHP) Additional Information I am a Self-Motivated and Confident individual with exceptional Multi-tasking and Organizational skills.  Able to exhibit Confidentiality, Discretion, Tact, Diplomacy and Professionalism. Ready and qualified for the next stage in a successful career.