Bilingual IT Release Manager Bilingual <span class="hl">IT</span> Release <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager Minneapolis, MN, MN Certified Scrum Master and IT Project Manager with over seven-years of experience in the full Software Development Life Cycle with waterfall and agile methodology. In-depth knowledge of analysis, requirement gathering, planning, budgeting, organizing, directing, coordinating and reporting. Key areas of experience include:  • Batch and web applications, Telecomm and third-party software integration in insurance, banking, retirement contributions, and communication industries.  • Analyzing and defining requirements with product owners and business analysts.  • Project Managing Software including Jira, Daptiv, Spira, Rally, Rational Portfolio Manager and Planview. Sponsorship required to work in the US Work Experience Bilingual IT Release Manager Scotiabank - Toronto, ON March 2019 to Present Led IT project releases through Agile framework, having two monthly releases (pilot and rollout) for branches in multiple Caribbean countries, coordinating every enhancement that affects the Scotiabank's core system with different teams.  • Facilitate and coordinate between value streams, service layers, level 2 production support, development and testing as required for release through Agile and Waterfall methodologies.  • Met with PO to clarify content and define dates for releases as required.   • Host and participate in weekly release dashboard meeting.  • Following up timelines between different teams (development, testing, build team) to ensure tasks are completed on time.  • Ensure environments are ready for different testing cycles.  • Coordinate Change Requests as needed.  • Prepare/provide input to implementation plan.   • Prepare, document & publish communication about new changes to Caribbean Countries.  • Coordinate pilot, rollout implementation and production support.   • Assist with finalizing release content for future releases.  • Managing up to 3 project releases in parallel.   • Manage IT project content site in Confluence and JIRA.  IT Project Manager / Scrum Master MetLife - Ciudad de México, D. F. March 2012 to July 2017 Led IT projects to develop software solutions for an insurance industry, from initiative to release and maintenance. Established working guidelines and objectives according to user necessities. Managed all SDLC stages using best practices from PMI and Agile, working with up to three projects in parallel. Consistently achieved fulfillment of all key requirements and objectives within established timelines.  • Met with users and product owners for understand and gathering requirements. Analyzed and documented business requirements and technical requirements through business process modeling.  • Developed plans for project implementation including risk planning, communications planning, quality management, and budget control.   • Recruited suitable software vendors for each project. Ensured vendors were able to deliver solutions compatible with client’s existing infrastructure and systems, within timeline and budget. Acted as main contact point between MetLife and contractor/vendor teams.   • Led bi-weekly release and demo meetings following Scrum methodology with daily stand-up meetings for 2-weeks sprints with team members to avoid time deviations in the project that could affect final release date. Conducted demo meetings to report the project’s status to stakeholders.  • Managed deployment to QA and UAT environments every week and to Production after each sprint, coordinating Development, QA, Infrastructure, and Business teams. Conducted internal audits for Quality Assurance.   • Managed project closure, knowledge transfer, lessons learned, customer satisfaction and release of all resources and infrastructure. Supported team application maintenance during and after knowledge transfer.  · Oversaw numerous successful projects to establish compliance with government regulations, protecting client from significant losses due to fines and other disciplinary action. Led key project to develop new financial analytical tools, which provided markedly improved security of sensitive customer and company data.  · Led project to develop a more secure and robust application for complex calculations of sales agent incentives, replacing existing Excel-based system. Reducing the incentives calculations from seven days to three days. IT Project Manager Banco Azteca - Hildebrando - Ciudad de México, D. F. August 2008 to February 2012 Led five software development projects through full lifecycle, overseeing successful implementation of applications to support bank operations and improve customer experience. Drove all key project stages  including proposals, initiation, development, testing, project delivery, post-implementation review, and project closeout. Managed teams of up to 50 employees throughout the SDLC.  • Established adherence to Project Management methodology and industry best practices, shifting  Banco Azteca's culture toward increased organization and accountability.  • Set budgets and negotiated project timescales and deadlines with clients. Established project  definitions to include functional requirements, scope, roles, responsibilities, timescales, and resources.  • Identified, analyzed, measured and managed project risks. Recorded and kept strict control over budget, billing, accounting, expenditures, and remaining debt.  • Scheduled and led weekly internal and external meetings with clients and team workers.  • Managed staff to ensure all milestones were achieved within agreed time frames.  • Provided guidance when issues arose, and followed up to ensure adherence to timelines and quality standards was preserved.  • Ensured effective quality control processes were in place to monitor deliverables produced.  Assisted the technical team in design, development, and testing tasks.  • Oversaw successful project to implement a customer-facing web application for resolution of account errors/discrepancies, replacing previous paper-based system and saving significant staff  hours. IT Consultant SIATI, S.A. de C.V - Ciudad de México, D. F. 2007 to 2009 Led third-party software implementation projects for customized IT service management and automation solutions. Acted as main contact between client companies and software provider partners.  Oversaw implementation of software solutions, and establishment of industry best practices at client  sites - resulting in marked increases in organization, efficiency, and accountability of their IT  departments.  • Met with potential clients to discuss and identify their key IT service management and automation needs.  • Planned and estimated timeline, cost, and resources for each client's customized solution.  Assessed different software packages and vendors to ensure best fit with client needs.  • Implemented and managed the help desk/tech support department at client sites. Aligned  client's processes to ITIL methodology.  • Providing ongoing service to clients - monitored implemented applications to verify stability and best performance, tracked the status of the client's critical IT infrastructure, and provided  ongoing technical support for implemented applications. Education Bachelor's in Computer Science Engineering Instituto Politecnico Nacional - Ciudad de México, CDMX 2002 to 2006 Skills Scrum Master, Jira, Certified Scrum Master, Scrum, Agile Scrum, Microsoft Office (6 years), Project Management (5 years), Project Coordination (3 years), ITIL (1 year), microsoft project (4 years), Change Management, Java, J2Ee, XML/SOAP Awards Connecting with Kids Leadership Award 2016 (CWK) 2016-03 CWK is recognition by the Edina Community Foundation for having a positive impact on childhood development. In early 2016, I received this award in recognition of a youth program I implemented to improve the academic performance of Spanish-speaking children in elementary and middle school. The program focuses on new strategies to improve the language and learning skills of Spanish-speaking students, bringing their academic achievement to a level equal to that of native English speakers. Additionally, the program provides guidance to teachers and supervisors with leading English as a Second Language projects. Certifications/Licenses Scrum Master Certified (SMC) March 2017 to March 2019