Technology Manager Technology <span class="hl">Manager</span> Technology Manager - Wells Fargo Advisors Richmond, VA Work Experience Technology Manager Wells Fargo Advisors - Richmond, VA July 2010 to Present • Served as Technology Compliance Program Application Portfolio Lead for WIMT BOSS organization. Championed clarity in enterprise strategies in order to enable successful delivery of TCP resolutions, including secure software development, end of life software and hardware upgrades, vulnerability management and access management. Advocated for WIMT BOSS on within the TCP program. Built dedicated team focused on transparent, accurate reporting and assisting application teams with successful delivery.    • Led an IT work stream accountable for planning and delivery to meet the expected DOL Fiduciary regulations impacting multiple applications and WFA Operations groups. Leadership included influencing workstream participants to build consensus on a technical solution, gaining resolution of key issues and communicating risk/reward options to Project Sponsor as applicable.    • Served as IT lead for WFA E-signature Expansion effort in 2018 which migrated an WFA internally developed E-signature solution to an Enterprise E-signature solution and delivered a dynamic client notification process to increase client adoption rates. Collaborated with multiple application teams to ensure prioritization of essential WFA requirements, resolve issues, remove obstacles and built buy-in on design approaches.    • Served as IT lead for WIMT BOSS on Resolution and Recovery Program. Collaborated with IT Project Management, WIMT Data Management, WIMT Architecture, WFA Operations and Enterprise Resolution and Recovery team to enable successful delivery of WFA Risk and Recovery Data and requirements.    • Implemented Electronic delivery and Electronic signature of new account packages to Brokerage clients in December 2013 resulting in $60K per month cost savings for WFA through the WBR E2E Client On-Boarding project.    • Led a team of 15+ employees and contractors managing the Doc Broker application, including offshore development and support (India, Philippines). Successfully implemented code solutions to meet Risk and Regulatory compliance requirements for the application. Balanced heavy project and regulatory demand on the WFA new account package generation process. Strengthened production stability of Doc Broker application through Critical Systems Review process which partnered Brokerage Technology and CDOT organizations in the common goal of identifying technological opportunities.    • Developed an audit and reconciliation process to support WF Compliance oversight requirements for client disclosures.    • Led the team through a complex migration to Windows 2012 servers without impacting front-end users. Balanced internal technical migration scope with Line of Business priorities to minimize delays to WFA as much as possible.    • Migrated the external print vendor process for First Clearing firms to internal print operation, EUS, saving significant expense for First Clearing and reducing technical complexity.    • Led a team through the build-out of a strategy to transform the vertically stacked Doc Broker application into the service oriented architecture model: stood up enterprise services in August 2015 and turned on production volume through the new model in November 2015. Influenced senior and executive management to gain funding support of this transformation work.    • Rebuilt and co-led the Richmond Site Diversity Team to establish a local offering of diversity events at Gaskins and Innslake locations.    • Chair of MarketPlace Outcomes for WF Women's Team Member Network Richmond/Hampton Roads Chapter. Technology Manager May 2008 to July 2010 * Built and managed a team of 6 total employees consisting of Project Managers and Business Analysts responsible for merger projects, non-merger projects, small enhancements and production support changes on mainframe technology.    * Built better understanding and cohesion between the legacy AGE St. Louis team members and the legacy WS team members both in the Client Reporting IT space and the larger Client Reporting team to ensure we were working as efficiently as possible and accomplishing the larger team efforts. Set up the Strategy team to take full advantage of each team member's individual skills, by setting assignments based on need, talent, expertise and growth goals.  * Implemented a new process model for statement and confirm change requests and established a similar process for tax requests. In the new model, Strategy IT team members now check all test results and approve before business testing begins, including checking of test results by St. Louis teammates. Developers work with BAs directly and a technical requirements section is filled out when appropriate. Project Manager, IT Wells Fargo Advisors - Richmond, VA September 2003 to May 2008 Client Reporting/Rapid Response Team  * Managed change control process and status communication on all monthly statements, trade confirmations, and annual year end enhancements and production support change requests. Included representing IT on Client Reporting Steering Committee and communication of mailing progress for monthly client statements and tax documents.    * Managed strategic planning and implementation of annual tax form changes including coordinating requirements meetings and communicating changes for downstream partners. Included representing IT on Year End Executive and Steering Committees. Organized, coordinated and led annual Tax TTS ERF submission and following WR processes.    * Led effort to prioritize and condense 2007 overall client reporting objectives into a tangible, achievable set of goals which turned into the Consolidated Client Reporting-Statement Redesign project.    Previous work history available upon request Education MBA University of Texas at Austin - Austin, TX 1997 to 1999 BBA Emory University - Atlanta, GA 1990 to 1994