IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager - SunTrust Bank Atlanta, GA • Around 15 years of assorted expertise in Infrastructure Project Mgmt., in handling frond-end to back-end IT operations.  • IT Project Manager with 7 years in Manufacturing, Retail, Energy, Finance industry, managing concurrent multiple small to large sized projects.  • Deep experience in simultaneously managing large-scale IT projects and ensuring their deliveries in accordance with standards and procedures.  • Built and managed the new IT environmentas part of larger scale demerger projects.  • Certified Prince2 Practitioner. ITIL Certified.  • MCSA Certified in Windows Server 2000, 2003 & 2012  • Introduced several project management processes such as, task management, Issue Management, time sheet management, project life cycle management and change management based on PMI guidelines  • De-commissioned and refreshed ~5000 EOL Windows servers 2000/2003/2008 for clients Sysco, Toyota, BPL48 & SunTrust Bank.  • Implemented Cloud based storage solution for the end user data from workstations to their OneDrive for business using script, before the connected backup solution is stopped for the BPL48 employee machines, which had saved ~0.5 million USD for extending the connected backup.  • De-commissioned and refreshed ~3000 end user computers for client BPL48 &Versum materials production sites across USA.  • Accelerated the Migration of Windows Servers & end user workstations from the parent company Air products domain to Versum Azure domain well early before the deadline which saved~1.0 Million USD for the client.  • Conducted Project management review in presenting slides/reports/status review with team, management, stakeholders and customers.  • Proficiency with MS Office suite of apps  • Expert level work with MS PowerPoint Work Experience IT Project Manager SunTrust Bank - Atlanta, GA March 2019 to Present IT Project Manager  Hold dual accountability for (a) managing complex IT projects and (b) SME to lead the technical team & manage the client IT environment with technical solutions, process improvement practice, overseeing onsite/offshore teams to deliver IT transformation, process management, IT governance and service managed projects.    Role  Leading the Windows 2008 server End of Life project for the client. Migrate around 2400 Windows servers with SunTrust under various line of business.    Responsibilities  • Ensure that all projects are delivered on-time, within scope and within budget  • Develop a detailed project plan to track progress  • Use appropriate verification techniques to manage changes in project scope, schedule and costs  • Report and escalate to management as needed  • Perform risk management to minimize project risks  • Create and maintain comprehensive project documentationinSharePoint.  • De-commissioned and refreshed ~2400 Windows servers in different Tier level across multiple SunTrust production & non-production sites.  • Installed and configured over 30 ESXi 6.5 Servers for 2 different US site locations.  • Failed over Windows cluster resources from Active to Passive nodes in a cluster environment for scheduled maintenance and emergency changes.  • Migrated VMs across hosts within a HA cluster to perform maintenance tasks on ESXi hosts.  • Used VMware vMotion to eliminate application downtime from planned server maintenance by migrating running virtual machines between hosts.  • Deployed several VMs from Templates and customized their configurations as-needed.    Project: Identity and Access Management IT Project Manager BP L48 - Houston, TX January 2018 to February 2019 Role  Primary IT infrastructure point of contact for planning and designing the new IT infrastructure model for BP L48 after the client demerger from BP. Handled the entire new IT environment setup as a part of the demerger program which includes Domain, Active directory, DHCP, SCCM deployment server, Antivirus setup.    Responsibilities  • Migrated end user data from their workstations to their OneDrive for business using script, before the BP connected backup solution is stopped for the BPL48 employee machines.  • Saved ~0.5 million USD for extending the connected backup from BP. Also, this have provided user data redundancy and eliminated the treat of data loss.  • Planned, scheduled & migrated for all the BP L48 site locations to the new infrastructure.  • De-commissioned and refreshed ~600 Windows servers & ~2000 end user computers across multiple BP L48 production sites.  • Installed and configured ESXi 6.5 Servers for 13 different US site locations.  • Built SCCM Current branch on Windows 2012 Cloud & Virtual platforms, supporting 13 Distribution Point sites.  • Integrated WSUS with SCCM and created a process for the monthly patching & cumulative updates.  • Integrated Dell Command with SCCM for the appropriate device driver push to the end user workstations.  • Installed and Configured Endpoint Protection Role in SCCM 2012 R2.    Project: Demerger from Air products  IT Project Manager De-commissioned VersumMaterials - Allentown, PA June 2017 to December 2017 Allentown, PA June 2017 to Dec 2017    Role  Involved in planning and designing the new IT model for the demerger of Versum Materials from Air Products.    Responsibilities  • Accelerated the Migration of Windows Servers & end user workstations from the parent company Air products domain to Versum Azure domain well early before the deadline which saved ~1.0 Million USD for the client.  • Planned, scheduled & Successfully migrated all the network site locations in a tenure of 6 months.  • De-commissioned and refreshed ~1600+ end user computers across 45 sites across 5 global locations.  • Created pre-deployment image versions for testing & final Gold Image for Windows 10, as per the Client Hardening Guidelines.  • Prepared Deployment Workbench, using MDT 2012, for Deploying Client Operating System Images.    Project: Datacenter Migration IT Project Manager Toyota Motor Sales - Torrance, CA September 2015 to May 2017 Role  Infrastructure point of contact for the Toyota's major Datacenter Migration program from Torrance, CA to Plano, TX    Responsibilities  • De-commissioned and refreshed ~600 EOL manufacturing servers across multiple production sites, which reduced the operation cost, anytime availability, easy Scalability & increase the server fault tolerance.  • Installed and configured ESXi 5.5 Servers as a part of Toyota Datacenter Migration program from Torrance, CA to Plano, TX.  • Performed Active Directory Services administration and management to include design, cleanup and routine maintenance and configuration.  • Managed and support of DNS & DHCP systems.  • Evaluate projects for capacity requirements.  • Evaluate equipment specifications.  • Create rack elevation, floor space, and power assignments.  • Evaluate DC infrastructure in relation to project requirements.  • Coordinate project deployment and decommissions.  • Identify, mitigate, prioritize, manage and resolve project issues, constraints, dependencies and risks  • Create and manage project plans  • Define and manage to critical success factors  • Develop and monitor project budget versus actual expenses  • Manage and organize departmental projects from initiation to completion  • Coordinate with multiple groups across the organization to identify business priorities, and focus project initiatives and team workloads accordingly  • Leverage project management tools to communicate project activities and deliverable status to stakeholders (upper management; executive team) in a timely fashion  • Organize meetings and facilitate communication across teams - as well as to departments and project stakeholders throughout the organization  • Responsible for understanding resource availability and scheduling project tasks and deliverables accordingly    Project: Windows 2000/2003 Server End of Life IT Project Manager Sysco Foods Corporation - Houston, TX February 2015 to August 2015 Tool: MS Project, MDT, VMWare, AD, Excel, SharePoint    Project role:    De-commissioned and refreshed '2500 EOL Servers Windows to 2008/2012, mostly physical to virtual which reduced the operation cost, anytime availability, easy Scalability & increase the server fault tolerance.    Responsibilities  • Deployed policies using Group Policy Management console.  • Updated Security updates for Windows servers using WSUS.  • Responsible for keeping project deliverables on track and for identifying any potential setbacks - and communicating them to project stakeholders appropriately. IT Project Manager Infosys Limited (India) January 2013 to January 2015 Client: Sysco Foods Corporation  Tool: MS Project, Windows Server, VMWare, AD, Excel, SharePoint    Role  Managed Windows Infrastructure team & Windows Business Services team.    Responsibilities:  • Active Directory  • Ensure quality of services are performed to the agreed SLA.  • Facilitate end customer & ensure that all SOW compliance & SLA has been met.  • Discuss all production support aspects withonsite Infrastructure management.  • Provide technical support for Windows Servers and troubleshoots issues.  • Develop relations with business community and the out sourced service providers.  • Arrange, assign, adjust and monitor shifts to have apt coverage.  • Provide additional support to existing production support procedures.  • Interact with infrastructure, problem management, change management & DBA teams.  • Provide regular status reports to management on Tier1 server status and other metrics.  • Collaborate with management to improve and customize reports related to production support.  • Prioritize issues raised and resolve it accordingly.  • Coordinate escalation and resolution of major service issues.  • Report promptly to management and business partners regarding critical outages until resolution.  • Manage off-shore, outsourced vendor to an SLA and execution of critical situations.  • Allocate resources to resolve problems/incidents.  • Define and manage scope, budget, schedule, priorities and risk throughout the multiple projects.  • Coordinate areas of communication within firm having impact on scope, budget, risk and resources. Incident Manager Mphasis Limited (India) January 2009 to January 2013 Client: General Motors  Role    Managed Incident, Request & Change management team.    Responsibilities  • Installed, configured, and provide troubleshooting for Server 2003&2008.  • Installed and configured an Active Directory Domain Controller.  • Migrated Windows Server 2003&2008 from test environment to the production environment.  • Monitored and managed performance of ESX servers and Virtual Machines.  • Supported VMware, specifically ESX VSphere 5 to monitor performance, optimize the server environment, diagnose and resolve production issues over 1800 servers.  • Managed an Active Directory site; replication schedules, site links and boundaries, used ADUC to create and manage computer, user and group accounts in an Active Directory environment.  • Performed authoritative and non-authoritative restore operations.  • Diagnosed and resolved issues related to FSMO role failure.  • Deployed policies using Group Policy Management console. Incident Manager Satyam Computers Limited January 2007 to January 2009 Client: Merrill Lynch    Responsibilities  • Windows Server administration.  • Installed and configured Windows 2003 Server.  • Travelled USA for a migration in the Monitoring space.  • Updated Windows security updates for Windows 2003 servers using Bigfix tool.  • Backup Windows 2003 file servers using Legato Networker tool.  • Handled User Data restore request from the backup.  • Monitor Production, CR, QA servers using Tivoli monitoring tool. System Administrator Precision Techserve (India) February 2006 to December 2006 Client: Polaris Software Lab    Responsibilities  • Deployed, Managed and maintained the domain which was running on Microsoft Windows Server 2003  • Managed the Anti-Virus for all the systems across various branches using Symantec AV.  • Deployed and managed the patches in all the systems using Microsoft WSUS.  • Managed File and Print servers. System Engineer Turbo Energy (India) July 2005 to January 2006 Responsibilities  • Installed, supported and troubleshoot Windows 2000 professional, Windows XP and Microsoft Office and any other authorized desktop applications  • Installed, supported and troubleshoot for printers, computer hardware and any other authorized peripheral equipment.  • Performs general preventative maintenance tasks on computers, laptops, printers and any other authorized peripheral equipment  • Performs remedial repairs on computers, laptops, printers and any other authorized peripheral equipment  • Customize desktop hardware to meet user specifications and site standards Desktop Support Engineer CMS Computers (India) June 2004 to June 2005 • User account administration, i.e., account creation and management and password resets on Active Directory  • Use diagnostic tools to troubleshoot problems associated with network connectivity and workstation hardware/software  • Responsible for the daily switching of backup tapes at the different backup sites Education Bachelor of Engineering in Engineering Madurai Kamaraj University - Madurai, Tamil Nadu Skills Budgeting, Forecasting, Risk management, Vendor management, Governance, Documentation, PM, Waterfall, Scrum Master, SDLC Additional Information Project Management Skills:    IT Strategy & Planning Customer focus & relationship  Budgeting & Forecasting Vendor Management  IT Governance Documentation  Risk Management Resource Management