IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager Darien, IL Thirty-three years of progressive IT experience from programmer and analyst to IT project management. 12 years of project work focusing on IT hardware and network deployment. Leveraging client existing PMO methodologies and processes, and supporting C-Level vision by driving projects to deadlines. High level deliverables include: Developing project plans, internal resource commitments and 3rd party resources. Working with key stakeholders and business units to define requirements. Driving the technical reviews and design reviews, establishing standard communications and reporting artifacts and schedules.     • Circuit replacement and upgrade of network PIP circuits across enterprise, managing up to 10 concurrent projects.   • Server deployments for 4000+ servers; ordering, managing inventory, and staging servers; physical and virtual server deployments and related infrastructure (racks and cabling).  • Datacenter rollout and migration, installing infrastructure and coordinating equipment staging.   • Asset management; ensuring equipment staged for deployment and legacy assets were wiped and disposed of according to DOD standards.    KEY COMPETENCIES    • Project Management  • Client & Vendor Management  • Network Circuits  • Project Execution Playbooks  • Process flow and definition  • PMBOK Methodology  • Asset and Inventory Management  • DOD asset disposal standards  • MS Project  • MS Office tools   • Skype  • VPN  • Business Objects  • SharePoint Management  • Excel VBA Macros  • Visio  • ServiceNow  • ITSM Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager GRANT THORNTON March 2017 to Present ?     Network Circuits –   o  Created project plans and led the efforts to install and upgrade network circuits at 50+ offices.  o  Managing 10 concurrent circuit upgrade projects of small to medium size.   o  Manage installs with vendors and resources.  o  Leverage PMO methodologies and processes to pilot projects to successful end.   ?      SharePoint site administration  o  Reported to Technology Business Leadership on project status.  o  Assisted with Skype enterprise deployment.   ?      Coordinated resources for rollouts.  ?      Applied Excel VBA macros to filter and organize data for rollout selections.    ?     Corporate events –   o  Planned and executed technical efforts for corporate annual national video broadcasts.  o  Coordinated onsite staff and equipment to present the broadcast to 50+ offices.  o  Coordinated testing across all sites to ensure resources and technology readiness. IT Project Coordinator and Business Analyst ABBOTT LABORATORIES April 2016 to March 2017 ?     Managed system outage resolution teams, documenting issues, progress and solutions.   ?     Gathering and reporting on project pipeline status to leadership.   ?     Employed Excel VBA Macros to organize and filter project data for report preparation.   ?     Created Service Desk efficiency reports on ticket close rates using SQL Developer and MS Access.   ?     SharePoint site administration, page formatting and forms creation. IT Project Manager ALLSTATE INSURANCE - Northbrook, IL 2007 to 2015 ?     Coordinated server deployments, leadership reporting   o  Datacenter Migration, deploying 4000+ servers in 3 years  o  Active Directory and PCI compliance for 100+ servers  o  SQL 2012 cluster deployments for integral Allstate business applications deploying 40 servers  o  VMWare cluster deployments for 20 clusters over 2 years  o  Hadoop cluster environment deployments for 5 clusters  ?     Managed multiple vendors for procurement of Windows, UNIX, and Linux platform servers.  ?     Managed all aspects of hardware ordering, receipt and custody (assets worth $10M annually).  ?     Managed the secure disposal of remote site server assets; adhering to DOD disposal standards to scrub data prior to disposal.  ?     Set procedures for server hardware ordering and datacenter receiving for 1000+ servers annually.  ?     Managed hardware budgetary spending for IT, with monthly reporting.   ?     Redesigned standards and process flow for server deployments to manage 300+ projects annually. Projects consisted of cross-functional teams of 5 -10 people implementing up to 80 servers.  ?     SharePoint site administration, page formatting and forms creation. Education Master of Business Administration in Business Administration University of Phoenix 2009 PMP Institute (PMI) 2006 Bachelor of Science in Computer Information Systems in Computer Information Systems DeVry University 1985 Skills Circuits (2 years), Excel (10+ years), Inventory (7 years), process flow (9 years), Project Management (9 years), PM, PMP Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/kenthouar Assessments Management & Leadership Skills: Planning & Execution — Highly Proficient June 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to effectively plan and manage resources to accomplish organizational goals. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/jgpmpawr6x2g2cmj Project Management Skills: Time Management — Expert June 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to prioritize and allocate time to effectively achieve project deliverables. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/mbskhzoxi9hidsci Management & Leadership Skills: Impact & Influence — Proficient June 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to adapt their leadership style to accomplish goals using rational or emotional appeal. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/l6l5w9cywf6igyyn Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.