Senior IT Project Manager Senior <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Senior IT Project Manager Lincoln University, PA A passionate and organized IT Senior Project Manager with a demonstrated history of delivering multi-million dollar technology projects. While my forte is infrastructure project management, and have been involved in new site start ups and technology refreshes, I also have experience in application based projects. A good example of this is my most recent project, which deployed a cloud-based IT Service Management and Asset Management solution to the entire Qurate Retail Group, globally and all subsidiaries.     I am adept at assembling, leading and mentoring cross functional project teams in a shared resources environment that delivery results for the business. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior IT Project Manager QURATE RETAIL GROUP - West Chester, PA 2018 to 2019 West Chester, PA  Served as Infrastructure PM for key corporate Blue Chip projects, network infrastructure upgrades, and site start-ups. Prepared project plans with scope, milestones, budgets, and defined shared resource requirements. Executed deliverables on time and within budget, while exceeding customer expectations. Championed teams to successful implementation of project goals and deliverables.  Senior IT Project Manager 2018 - 2019  • Managed multiple year initiative across all business units to design and deploy cloud-based IT Service Management and Asset Management solution.  • Negotiated vendor contracts and coordinated with internal project teams and external resources, ensuring on time and on budget project completion.  • Orchestrated multiple technology refresh initiatives, including Cisco network components and Avaya telephony for domestic and international contact and distribution centers. IT Project Manager QURATE RETAIL GROUP 1993 to 2017 • Directed IT infrastructure effort for several start-ups, contact centers, and multiple distribution centers. Drove all aspects of infrastructure build out, structured cabling, WAN/LAN networking, wireless, and client services.  • Oversaw build of Qurate's second data center to improve disaster recovery capabilities. Facilitated daily coordination between all internal and external vendor project teams.  • Spearheaded design and implementation of new RF wireless networks for 2 large distribution centers (1.2M sqft), including replacement of all end-of-life network components.  ? Deployment was completed ahead of schedule through tight coordination with cross- functional team members. Substantial savings were secured through vendor price negotiations.  • Established and managed Data Center Council, comprising of Qurate IT, Security, and Facilities professionals tasked with creating and enforcing policy as related to US data centers.  • Facilitated space and facility planning for new installations and upgrades to IT infrastructure and Facilities critical components.    QURATE RETAIL GROUP )  • Led project team that established video teleconferencing within all domestic locations for effortless and natural collaboration.  • Managed build out of IT Infrastructure for the India Direct Sourcing office, coordinating efforts with local vendors in India for procurement of network services, voice / data hardware, and client devices. Education Project Management Certificate University of Delaware 2013 Bachelor of Fine Arts in (BFA), Communications New York Institute of Technology - Old Westbury, NY Skills Waterfall, PM, SDLC Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/johnwstuart