IT Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Manager - Technica LLC Hesperia, CA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Manager Technica LLC - Fort Irwin, CA August 2017 to Present • Maintaining day to day operations of Technica IT Systems/Government systems at Fort Irwin, CA contract and activities associated with the contract ranging from, having a working relationship with 5 independent COR’s, while serving as an Information Management Officer to the local Network Enterprise Center (NEC) per requirements of the position and contract while participating in meetings and other related services, programs, data and reports.  • Act as Security Officer, in relationship to my IMO duties, in maintaining the compliance with army regulations, standards while providing threat assessments of those that are responsible for their Common Access Cards, while also ensuring that mitigation is being on the government network.  • Oversee and provide customer service in many different areas and aspects of repair, networking issues, to hardware software diagnostic, troubleshooting, through and to the customer and end users in their respected departments.  • Maintaining all Technica programs, such as Deltek, Google Applications, Deltek, Costpoint, Active Directory, Concur, Cognos and other web-based programs and systems, diagnosing and troubleshoot remotely machines that have issues with Army programs, Navy programs and Air Force programs, dependent on the dept that work within the Army System.  • Identifying while financial budgeting and procuring hardware, software as needed to satisfy the user requirements, per departments and programs and Property from government to company assets.  • Liaison to the government person of contact, in order to develop cost estimates, financial planning and cost associated with procurement of equipment, computers and items for the fiscal year while projecting and maintaining low costs within the budget.  • Assist when requested by the Army Network on infrastructure, in also developing strategic and tactical plans for support and delivery of services on our contract bring potential security issues before the Army for further investigation to security.  • Identify operational issues impacting services level and streamlining IT Processes to providing real-time visibility into the support and infrastructure.   • Applications; such as service desk, request management, desktop support, problem management and delivery management, along with an assortment of software and hardware for the many system throughout the contract.  • Work alongside and responsible for IT procurement equipment, software, property management for accountability or what can and will directly impact the services in multiple of ways.  • Recording, tracking and documentation of service, repair and history of computer lifecycles, to printers and problem-solving processes, including and not limited to successful and unsuccessful decisions, actions and final resolutions along side project management.  • Ensuring compliance w/ and addressing keeping and coordinating w/ governmental POC on out of scope and non-routine operational issues and actions. While also taking care of and processing security background paperwork, for employees to obtain common access cards per regulations of the government and homeland security.  • Ensure and Analyze, plans, operations and develop and implementation of policies, procedures, standards, training and methods for identifying and protecting information, or material from unauthorized disclosure, misuse, theft, or other loss.  • Standing in for multiple depts., if a lead or a supervisor is otherwise out due to personal or scheduled time off, while working in a diverse environment and culture.  • Working special missions when they come up, providing and setting up timesheet accounts, assisting issuing and processing financing dept duties and human resources for processing individuals as needed. During mission, required to repair, evaluate IT equipment from mission, to end location for processing and leaving training facility as needed in working order or dead lining equipment for replacement. IT Incident Manager Department of Homeland Security July 2016 to May 2017 • Oversaw and provided customer service in many different areas and aspects of the FEMA/DHS network, LAN/WLAN networks, to ensure network availability, continuity and connectivity through access points to end users support.  • Supports end users by providing hands-on technical assistance to resolve hardware and software incidents. Creates and test cables (T568 A/B and RJ45, crossover cables, Silver Satin telephone cable, fiber optic cable) in accordance with the design plan, run cables, terminates cables to end-point designation with proper labeling.  • Ensure, install and configure, operate and maintain network devices such as router, switches and wireless access points as needed per need. Ensuring the configuration of selected network assets are backed up regular bases.  • Evaluate, test and install hardware, software to determine efficiency, reliability and capability with existing systems. Push updates to workstations based on operational requirements. Installs Internet protocol (IP-based devices in accordance with the design plan and security protocols.  • Isolate network hardware and software problems as they arise, take corrective measures to isolate from harm, while taking steps to restore services.  • Analyze, investigate, isolate and resolve assigned help desk remedy tickets, document problems, outages and resolutions stems for all IT hardware, software and applications.  • Configuring and labels, telephony devices per standard operating procedures, which included and not limited to property inventory, security of cradle points, routers, servers and switches.  • Provide customer service in the field and the logistics, to disaster victims, usage of DHS/FEMA property for their needs and use, assisted in multiple undesirable locations with limited or connectivity in areas that were destroyed or otherwise incapable of such suitable locations.  • Working in conditions that are not on pare with America standards, such as austere environments within Continental US/Territories in disaster areas.  • Working in regards to and long side COR individuals, to complete the mission, to acting as a COR in certain situations that a COR is not available. Public Relations Consultant Passantino Andersen Communication January 2015 to December 2015 • Independent consultant: Offering services such as media relations, writing, strategy, planning and counsel. Providing overview, insight into the demographic area of interest of the firm, while providing consultation on area of information for the client.  • Writing press releases, contributing articles, consultation on strategy, direction; providing counsel on tactics, strategy; managed projects including target demographic of area. Conducted media and analysis relations through traditional channels as well as social media; managed vertical traditional public relations.  • Created analyst of targets; included and is not limited to reviewing analysis of the client's purpose, evaluating competition while conducting research, preparing recommendations, actions and other duties per the request of the client.  • My primary role was the planning, development and implementation of public relations strategies, while working with a variety of civilian, military, governmental and other entities within the confines of the client, distribution of press releases while targeting the source of material needed. Organizing events for multiple or targeted clients, meeting the needs and expectations which included; conferences, exhibitions and tours and expos on the clients needs, possible needs and potential purchases of company products. IT Blackboard Administrator | IT Instructor Victor Valley Community College - Victorville, CA February 2000 to November 2010 ·        I had the opportunity to be one of the first schools to establish the Blackboard system, virtual classroom environment, which created the responsibility of constant troubleshooting, day-to-day administration of Blackboard.  ·        Planning, upgrading and exploring possibilities for future automation, issues for our needs and issues, while reporting issues to the Director of Teaching and IT for potential vulnerabilities or otherwise potential harm to the network.  ·        As a Blackboard administrator, I served as a liaison between the IT dept and instructional tools group for running the virtual classrooms per the needs of the classroom environment of the instructor.  ·        Responsible for application administration, working closely with the server administrator and outside 3rd party consultants who created the program and supported it.  ·        Controlled the administrative privileges assigned to users and instructors, while also ensuring that all other administrators privileges and functions for other users to be able to conduct their business on the network.  ·        Solved problems, troubleshoot issues related to the Blackboard per request from faculty and users online and educational team; escalate these problems outside of our scope to Director of IT and further evaluation as needed.  ·        Ensuring security protocols, changes related to the Blackboard configuration and enhancements where being updated and recording of these issues if they had arise.  ·        Attend conferences to maintain up-to-date knowledge of instructional design and technology for our needs and what enhancements or updates were potentially coming so that we could plan out those areas in the future.  ·        Responsible for expanding the team as it grew, while coordinating hiring, training and scheduling of classes for users that were having issues navigating the Blackboard environment, while also assisting and instructing instructors with their own administrative privileges, to Level I or II, questions, issues, concerns as they relate to the support of the platform.  ·        Instructor of Computer Science (CIS): Instruction in continuing adult education students on Computer Environment, providing various levels of instruction through scenarios, ethical, moral situations within the environment of computer operations of business or private environment. Experience work with students having a wide range of skills, motivated desire and academic goals of the student body. Established blackboard system for online virtual classroom environment for community college environment of distant learning. IT Project Manager Aerodyne Systems November 2003 to October 2010 • This management role was a self-starter position, which had multiple locations to coordinate within the company side of things, while also bridging the issues related to our contracts in other locations while maintaining the infrastructure and functions, to anticipating potential risk management or otherwise.  • Strong IT Project Management experience managing the daily activities of the IT Infrastructure environment and responsible for reporting and communicating the status of all their assigned project/programs on a weekly, daily basis to all business stakeholders and directly to Director of Operations and other company entities.  • Self-Starter with little or no guidance and direction to manager their assigned projects and staff while maintaining a large staff in multiple different locations.  • Experience with a variety of project management methodologies such as and not limited to; Agile and Scrum, with the management of several hundred individuals outside of the US and inside of the US.  • Managed and supported all aspects of the technology projects, which included and not limited to; scope, communication, scheduling, budget and risk management, while ensuring quality throughout the system lifecycle.  • Maintain regular meetings on technology strategies by managing staff, researching and implementing technology solutions to the networks while maintaining the day to day operations and activities throughout.  • Meticulous attention to detail, exceptional organizational skills in a remote position, creating and ensuring that all depts Outside of the US and within the Continental US while ensuring that all depts were keeping up with the projects assigned or otherwise.  • Strong Proficiency with Project Management Tools, Expert in the usage of software, such as and not limited to Active Directory, and other web-based systems used by the company.  • Oversaw the recruitment, hiring, terminating, orienting and training employees, while securing a safe work environment, while creating personal growth opportunities.   • Ensured effective supervision to prevent inference in waste, performance of the labor hours; cost efficiency, quality controls in ensuring work is performed within the confines of the contractor at a fair and reasonable cost.  • Maintain a Strong Collaboration with departments and multiple teams, this includes and not limited to Continental US/Overseas locations, while ensuring all departments had available resources to ensure success of the project and the needs of the company.  • Influenced direction of software development and budgetary within the needs of the security measures put forth by the company, while ensuring appropriate IT security was observed and maintained to deployment of systems and software.  • Capability to adjust work operations as needed, in an ever-changing environment that requires production requirements within available resources and with minimum sacrifice to quantity and quality of work.  • Accomplishes information technology staff results by communicating job expectations; planning, monitoring, and appraising job results; coaching, counseling, and disciplining employees; initiating, coordinating, and enforcing systems, policies, procedures and deadlines.  • Ability to maintain ever changing project objectives and performance of the contract, progress, to analyzing organizational and operational problems.  • Recommends information technology strategies, policies, and procedures by evaluating organization outcomes; identifying problems; evaluating trends; anticipating requirements.  • Accomplishes financial objectives by forecasting requirements; preparing an annual budget; scheduling expenditures; analyzing variances; initiating corrective action. Education Bachelors of Arts in Social Science California State San Bernardino - San Bernardino, CA Associates of Computer Information Systems in Computer Information Systems Victor Valley Community College - Victorville, CA Skills ACCESS (10+ years), NETWORKING (6 years), HELP DESK (10+ years), LAN (10+ years), REMEDY (8 years), Cisco (3 years), Itil (6 years), Active Directory (10+ years), Customer Service Additional Information COMPUTER SKILLS    Microsoft Office 365 Windows 10 Android iPhones Cradlepoints/Air Cards Servers/Switches/Hubs Adobe Acrobat Reader Remedy Ticket Systems Online Virtual Software/System NetMeeting Software Remote System Access Networking protocols Novel Adobe Photoshop Dreamweaver LAN/WLAN networks PC Troubleshooting VOIP ISDD Mobile/Wireless Devices T568 A/B RJ45 Help Desk SAIM DevOps ITIL LEAN LAN/WAN iOS OSX iPad iPhone Google Products HIPAA HIPAA | Citrix | SAP | GArmy | Concur | Cost Point | Deltek Time and Expense |