volunteer Project Manager volunteer <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> volunteer Project Manager - PMI Austin Chapter Austin, TX Work Experience volunteer Project Manager PMI Austin Chapter - Austin, TX 2018 to Present Board member of PMI Austin Chapter. Manage team to planning and execute PMI Austin's strategic initiatives, including professional development projects/events, special programs, and symposium. Negotiate contracts event speakers and contractors. Increased members professionalism and organizational brand in the region.  ? Revamped and maintained the guest speaker database to improve efficiency; new templates decrease search time by 40% and helped to increase organizational efficiency by the 25%.  ? Instrumental in obtaining the guest speakers for the Fall/Spring Professional Development events; ensured contracts were mutually beneficial, and presentation material was available.  ? Increase Net Promoter Score by (from 6.5 to 8-6), Increase membership by 11.29%.  ? Reduce attrition by 20.31%. Project Manager Horse Craz Shopify Store 2017 to Present I was representing the Sponsor as a Product owner and was prioritizing the user stories and collaborate to the project team before they start the Sprint backlog and communicating the requirements are understood. I was also there for each for the Sprint review meeting to confirm the work is done and then for arranging for the next important product backlog List. The methodology they were using was Scram framework. I did involve for the team as they were carrying out each Iteration IT/ Project MANAGER Associated & Trading Group - Abu Dhabi, AE 2007 to 2016 Partners with Technology Managers and Directors to lead Technology projects with budgets from $55k to $250K in support of the department's strategic plan. Viewed as a project leadership resource for driving analysis, recommendations, decisions, and delivery.  ? Defined project scope, goals, processes and procedures, and deliverables, supporting business processes in collaboration with project team and key stakeholders.  ? Develop full-scale project plans and associated communications documents, concisely and effectively communicating project expectations in timely and clear fashion.  ? Liaised with project stakeholders on an ongoing basis.  ? Managed communication flow between technical writers, engineers, end-users, and support staff throughout each project, keeping projects within scope and on-time.  ? Drafted and submitted budget proposals and recommended subsequent budget changes by estimating resources and participants needed to achieve project goals.  ? Shifted between agile and waterfall approaches depending on project specifics and client goals, creating detailed project road maps, plans, schedules and work breakdown structures.    CCTV and Computerized Security Surveillance System: Managed State of work, planning throughout the closing. Implemented project to drive the project delivery and quality with a team of 25 employees. Mentored team members; enforced quality compliance, and provided State of Work reporting to leadership. Project resulted in improving quality by 32%, reduced lead times 21% and costs 48% while meeting all the customer's requirements. Administer training, including documentation of training (i.e., uploading documentation and artifacts to clients internal training site). Systems Administrator Associated & Trading Group - Abu Dhabi, AE 2001 to 2006 Resolved customers' hardware and software functionality problems for 200 internal customers by providing high degree of timely customer service and technical expertise. Configured, troubleshot and maintained Windows Server 2008 and Wired/Wireless Network infrastructure.    Education, Certifications & Community Service Education Bachelor of Arts in Information Systems in Certified Professional The University of Lincoln and Humberside - Austin, TX Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/mahmood-usmaan