Professional Software Delivery Project Manager - IT Professional Software Delivery <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> - <span class="hl">IT</span> Professional Software Delivery Project Manager - IT Work Experience Professional Software Delivery Project Manager - IT AT&T Services, Inc - Dallas, TX June 2016 to August 2017 As a Lead Project Manager for AT&T, I was accountable for leading end to end MACD Billing Enhancement project with a $4M+ budget and AT&T Dedicated Wave Length Ring with a combine $8M budget. Primarily play 1 complexity projects that impacted 50+ application teams or functional areas within programs that could span multiple regions and/or multiple functional areas. Manage Agile / Waterfall methodology blended teams utilizing t-process, share point, PRISM, CM/PM, and Microsoft Excel spreadsheets. Produced clear and concise customized project status reports and schedules utilizing Microsoft Power Point and Excel software. Effectively conducted recurring project status meetings for all stakeholders. Ensured project resources were identified, engaged and managed throughout the project life cycle. Ensured time reported weekly to the projects accurately reflected the application estimates. Mitigated project business solutions or alternate solutions for project change request and issues that impacted schedule or cost. Coordinated and tracked to closure project risks, issues, jeopardies, escalations and problem resolutions from project initiation to close. Professional Software Delivery Project Manager - IT June 2006 to March 2015 As a Lead Project Manager for AT&T, I was accountable for leading Digital Experience Online projects. Primarily larger low complexity to high complexity projects within programs that could span multiple regions and/or multiple functional areas. Concurrently managed three to five Agile / Waterfall blended projects utilizing TDUP / ITUP, share point, PRISM, CM/PM, and Microsoft Excel spreadsheets. Produced clear and concise customized project status reports and schedules utilizing Microsoft Power Point and Excel software. Effectively conducted project status meetings for stakeholders and leadership. Mostly managed projects classified high priority that impacted up to 50 application teams and functional areas. Ensured project resources were identified, engaged and managed throughout the project life cycle. Created customized Excel reports with pivot tables to analyze project costs to budgets. Ensured time reported to the projects accurately reflected the application estimates. Mitigated project business solutions or alternate solutions for project change request and issues that impacted schedule or cost. Coordinated and tracked to closure project risks, issues, jeopardies, escalations and problem resolutions from project initiation to close. Directly mentored other Project Managers, including PMP certified Project Mangers, with AT&T TDUP / ITUP processes and practices. Business Manager - IT AT&T July 2002 to May 2006 Implemented AT&T application business strategies within project management unified process guidelines. Worked closely with client organizations to gather business requirements, formulate and write project detailed system requirements, and develop alternate business solutions. As an application subject matter expert provided client assistance in defining new services and flows within IT applications and processes. Duties included integrating IT solutions into business process designs and recommending test cases that match business expectations for the project. As a business analyst, I supported cycle processing, error analysis / correction, maintained system documentation and job flows for application processes.  Notable Accomplishments:  • Provided expert project management process support by ensuring proper resources were engaged and deliverables were developed according to schedule for AT&T Direct TV merger acquisition initiative.  • Successfully led high priority projects divesting AT&T Southern New England Telephone to Frontier Communications in Connecticut.  • Preserved a $25M contract between AT&T and Yum Brands by successfully implementing project enhancements on an extremely short schedule according to customer expectations.  • Mentored other Project Managers within AT&T project management concepts, principles and processes. Education Master of Arts in Political Science Urban Affairs University of Central Oklahoma - Edmond, OK 1989 Bachelor of Arts in Political Science University of Central Oklahoma - Edmond, OK 1986