Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager - VICTORY GLOBAL Atlanta, GA Experienced Project Manager and Certified Scrum Master with proven ability and excellent critical thinking skills to  solve problems and accomplish objectives. Experience in software development life cycle management. Effectively  bridges gap between technology and business. Results driven leader with great analytical skills. Work Experience Project Manager VICTORY GLOBAL July 2017 to Present Draft customer quotes and proposals and tender/submit responses and generate offer as single point  customer contact.  • Apply commercial knowledge and intelligence to price customer solution and prepare price quotes on time.  Resolve issues as bid issue escalation point.  • Manage files vested in electronic database and management systems  • Prepare project kickoff materials such as customer timelines, agendas and deliverables  • Schedule and lead formal kickoff and status review meetings during response project.  • Support technical writing and contribute to process improvement.  • Ensure smooth transition to contract implementation by managing proposal and pricing activities.  • Resolve Sales, Product Marketing and Engineering Services review comments incorporation.  • Engage in cost and pricing reviews with management and client representatives. IT Infrastructure Project Manager MARTA September 2016 to January 2017 Projects: 3-year plan to upgrade Networks, SAN, and Servers. Budget is $24 million. Team size: 10  resources; Developers and Testers.  • Managed budget and select/work with external vendors  • Planned, directed and monitored all aspects of large projects or medium sized projects with a high degree  of technical complexity.  • Investigated, planned, analyzed, designed, documented, tested, implemented, trained and supported  assigned projects.  • Worked closely with the Sr. IT Project Manager and performs assigned Quality Assurance responsibilities  to ensure deliverables are aligned with the business requirements and customer goals.  • Coordinated the staffing and workload of IT Projects through the entire project development cycle and provides complete documents on schedule.  • Provided leadership by establishing project strategy, setting goals and objectives, building team and partner relationships.    • Managed multiple clients and/or teams for major projects. Develops contingency plans to ensure timely  delivery of projects.  • Collaborated with Authority-wide Departments, Office and Branch Managers for project management and reviews.  • Executed training plans for clients as established in project plans. Project Manager MACY'S SYSTEMS & TECHNOLOGY July 2004 to January 2015 Sampling of medium to large projects within the Logistics Business, HR and Enterprise Support Systems  (ESS) included: MicroStrategy to Microsoft Reporting Tool - conversion/re-platform (Agile). The Buy it Now  and Auction Report projects. The Auction report project provided me access to new technology (SSRS  reporting) (Agile). Business Unit PM lead - managed PeopleSoft and INSITE teams (Waterfall). Lead  teams for the Federated) to Macy's conversion and the May CO. to Macy's merger. (Waterfall). Managed  the Omni channel Quick Wins projects - provide needed infrastructure and attribute data via flat file  processes for Macys.COM, Bloomingdales.COM, Bloomingdales, and Macys. (Waterfall and Agile). Estee  Lauder project - assist vendor to gain access to data (Waterfall). EDI sales project - enabled transmission  of non-financial sales data (Waterfall). Direct2Comsumer Omni channel Presale project - Received Omni  Channel Project Team Award based on accomplishments. (Waterfall)  • Team size: 10 to 22 resources; Product Manager Developers, Testers, and Deployment Manager  • Served as project manager across three different Business Units (Enterprise Support Systems, Human  Resources, and Logistics) for moderate to complex projects during tenure.  • Directed project activities utilizing the organizational standard processes to ensure the timely delivery of stated business benefits, comparing actuals to plan and adjusting plans as necessary.  • Drove the project to successful completion by leading team members (virtual and matrix), external  customers, and internal customers to execute tasks according to plan.  • Operated as Lead Project Manager for the Enterprise Support System (ESS) business unit.  • Defined and managed the requirements and approach for risk management; organized and communicated  issues and actions until resolved.  • Prepared and presented weekly status report to senior management and stakeholders.  • Lead and facilitated periodic and weekly status meetings.  • Mentored less experienced, contract and permanent PMs MACY'S SYSTEMS & TECHNOLOGY December 1997 to June 2004 DITTLER BROTHERS, INC June 1997 to December 1997 AFLAC 1995 to 1997 AFLAC 1994 to 1997 Education Bachelor of Business Administration in Business Administration Columbus State University 1993 Associates of Computer Information in Systems Bainbridge College 1991 Skills MICROSOFT PROJECT, MICROSOFT SHAREPOINT, SHAREPOINT, CHANGE MANAGEMENT, VISUAL BASIC, Microsoft Office (10+ years), budget Certifications/Licenses Certified Scrum Master June 2019 to June 2021