Senior IT Project Manager Senior <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Senior IT Project Manager Fairfax Station, VA Deep Experience plus up to date best practices, including IT network integration, SDLC, cyber security, and risk management. If you are looking for immediate, "hit the ground running" results, reliability, proven character, ability to handle change, maturity, poise under pressure, and an almost 100% record of meeting deadlines and targets, I am that person. Work Experience Senior IT Project Manager Freddie Mac - McLean, VA 2018 to 2019 Senior PM in Enterprise BTO within the Information Technology Division    • Leading PM on major enterprise mission to migrate all email to Office 365 implementing Microsoft Workplace Analytics.  • Leading PM on installation of public safety Distributed Antenna System solution that will support first responder services. Senior IT Project Manager World Wide Technology - St. Louis, MO 2016 to 2018 Managed and coordinated large cross-functional projects for external, WWT customers.    • Program Director for Large Account (Lennar Corporation, Miami FL NYSE: LEN)  • Lead and direct a multi- project, multi $million budget/ organization  • Manage a team of over 20 senior IT professionals  • Report to C Level IT Management.  • Projects with other clients: Sentara, Humana, Macy's, Charter Communication  • Technology integration of data centers, wireless, video, network upgrades Senior Project Manager Bank of America - New York, NY 2014 to 2016 Key team member of BofA's Global Network & Infrastructure Solutions (GNIS) which is responsible for all product, procurement and supply chain management for Bank network IT products for 300,000 global employees encompassing a $1.6B budget.    • Identified and resolved multiple strategic deficiencies and risks within the GNIS organization.  • Risk Lead for information security risks arising from Network Operations and new and existing technology products. Consultant Newbold Advisors - Clearwater, FL 2012 to 2014 Assigned full-time to Newbold client, Bank of America. Managing multiple large projects as part of cross functional teams in the area of resolving BofA self-identified audit issues in mortgage banking space.    • High visibility to senior management.  • Extensive experience of accountability to Risk, Compliance and Legal management segments. Senior Project Manager Fannie Mae - Washington, DC 2009 to 2012 Lead PM for 2 mission critical econometric modeling applications - Home Price Forecast Application and Repeat Transaction Index.    • Direct report to Director Level model owner, and Senior Management.  • Responsible to lead teams of 10-12 in monthly production of Home Price Forecast, and 1-3 software and model releases quarterly. Engagement Manager Plateau Systems, Inc - Arlington, VA 2008 to 2009 Primary manager of software implementation for multiple Fortune 1000 clients.    • Managed cross-functional implementation teams of business, project management, and technical resources. Senior Project Manager Fannie Mae - Herndon, VA 2005 to 2007 Education MBA in Finance Peter Drucker School of Management, Claremont Graduate School - Claremont, CA BA in Economics Whittier College - Whittier, CA Skills Cyber security, Sdlc, Security, Process engineering, Integration, Risk management, Information Technology, Project Management, PM, Software Development, Itil, PMP, Scrum Master, Waterfall, CSM Additional Information CORE COMPETENCIES  Network Integration SDLC Cyber Security Risk Management Communication  Collaboration - MS Teams Strategic Relationships SCRUM Product Owner Agile Business Process Engineering