IT Infrastructure Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> Infrastructure Analyst Pittsburgh, PA Cyber security, IT and Intelligence leader with skills in managing and developing programs. Highly analytical and solutions- driven intelligent project manager with versatile experience in developing strategic plans, and managing staff. Experienced Information Technology Infrastructure with a demonstrated history of working in the insurance industry. Skilled in Data Analysis, IT Infrastructure, Identity Access Management, Microsoft Office and 10 years’ experience in Customer Service delivery. Strong information technology professional with good understanding of ITIL process (Incident, Problem,  Change). Excellent knowledge handling incidents. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Infrastructure Analyst HM Health Solution - Pittsburgh, PA 2016 to Present Repairs or corrects the outage, problem or issue and coordinates with other IT departments to ensure customer  delivery.  • Use varieties of monitoring, troubleshooting, and configuration management tools.  • Log and classify incident and impact and provide feedback for potential problem identification.  • Resolve initial incident resolution or dispatch unresolved incidents to appropriate team or vendor.  • Monitor and escalate to ensure appropriate level of response based on severity and urgency.  • Verification and closure to ensure all documentation is correct and accurate.  • Keeps end users apprised of the status of their request or problem, and verify user's satisfaction and closure.  • Ensure compliance of required standards, procedures, guidelines and processes.  • Provide initial response to end user support requests to ensure business continuity.  • Monitor critical network, system, and application components for problems.  • Coordinates with second tier support or provides timely repair for IT requests and problems.  • Proactively implements corrective technical maintenance to ensure computing availability and uptime.  • Work with third parties to resolve user impacting events. IT Support Dialysis Clinic Inc - Steubenville, OH 2016 to 2016 • Managed scheduling backups of company data so users will not lose information  • Implemented Thin Client Deployment to several EMT stations using imaging servers  • coordinated and implemented conversion from paper EMT system to a paperless one  • Allocated user security permissions and restrictions using Active Directory groups and policies  • Designed and installed physical networking cable infrastructure for new buildings.  • Managed relationships with vendors, agreements, contracts and IT assets  • Analyzed and implemented Customer Relationship Management system  • Administrated Imail, Snap, Windows NT, Windows 2000, and Netware servers  • Planned and performed data conversion on accounting system and upgraded to latest version  • Documented various projects and wrote user's guide  • Planned and performed data conversion on accounting system and upgraded to latest version  • Used 4th Generation programming language to improve business processes IT & Privacy Associate First Bank Nigeria 2010 to 2015 • Advised clients on industry standard practices related to the configuration and successful implementation of Enterprise Identity and Access Management solutions.  • Excellent communication and diagnostic skills, consistently solve problems reputation for productivity, complex  problem resolution and professionalism  • Provided 24/7/365 system support as necessary for the diverse needs of the organization.  • Expertise providing operational support for core network infrastructure  • Investigated, documented, and gathered information on data security recommendations to protect  • Provided internal security consulting for product development and operations of services across organization.  Worked with internal groups on their projects to help them achieve their goals while  • Proficient providing end-user assistance on the Remote Access VPN issue, Desktop related issues.  • Expert knowledge on troubleshooting, Active Directory, Win XP, Win 7, Microsoft Lync, Lotus Notes, Microsoft  Office suite and other commonly used applications issues.  • Conducted thorough risk assessment of all IT and non- IT assets that identified gaps and areas for improvement.  • Designed and implemented internal security controls that were successful in ensuring 100% compliance with company security policies.  • Supported development of advanced analytics capability for the national cyber security program  • Evaluated capabilities to support the program's strategic goals Project Manager Duicof Technologies - Lagos, NG 2006 to 2010 • Managing support process via status calls, email and other communication tools.  • Led external IT audit engagements for multi-national clients in the and financial services industry  • Performed security reviews of business applications and core banking applications and proffered recommendations to client  • Developed audit scripts to verify the completeness, accuracy and correctness of financial systems transactions  processing.  • Modified pre-existing audit scripts and improved runtime performance by over 100%  • Create RMA for defective Cisco networking equipment and Juniper Firewalls, along with keeping an inventory of spare equipment to send out in case of emergencies to lessen impact of defective devices.  • MPLS migration project required updating IOS version on Cisco routing and switching equipment for 70+ locations  • Technical Support including Application, Deskside, and Network roles    • Active Directory administration    • PC and server configuration and installation Managed the entire Network/Firewall changes for the new Pin Pad roll  out project.    • Implemented Firewall changes in accordance with client's requirement adhering to ITIL Change Control Process    • Implemented firewall policy change on the Checkpoint clusters    • Verified and Validated the Firewall policy on Checkpoint R75 clusters for unused rule and helped consolidating rule    • Implemented NAT/PAT on the firewall wherever there is a necessity    • Set up the Lab environment for testing the POS applications and Credit/Debit card transaction complying with PCI  requirement    • Co-ordinate with Vendor    • Troubleshoot and support VPN connectivity issue    • Provided support to end-users, performed troubleshooting, and resolved network and software issues.    • Configuration of networking monitoring tools. Education Masters of Science in Cyber Security Management and Policy in Cyber Security Management and Policy University of Maryland University College - Adelphi, MD Bachelor's Degree in Electrical Electronics Engineering in Enugu State Enugu State University of Science and Technology Associate Degree in Electrical Electronics Engineering in Government Institute of Management and Technology Certifications/Licenses Security+ August 2019 to August 2022