Volunteer Work Volunteer Work IT Project Manager / Scrum Master (Consultant) Dallas, TX ? 5+ years of Experience as a Project Manager / Scrum Master / QA, with major responsibilities of managing projects smoothly and in leading and performing Application Testing Management.  ? Experience with IT Projects: Applications, Telecom, Implementation, Enhancement, ERP  ? Scrum master with experience working with multiple teams, ability to bridge the gap between development teams and stakeholders  ? Expertise in stabilizing frequent connectivity with Business analyst, Users and Developers for information gathering and issue resolution.  ? Highly organized with the ability to handle multiple projects, balance priorities, and meet deadlines.  ? Facilitate sprint planning sessions, daily stand-up meetings, reviews, demos, retrospectives, and other Agile-related meetings; Facilitate discussion and conflict resolution.  ? Assist in transparent, upward communication to the development leadership, executives.  ? Experience of Microsoft Project Plan and have knowledge of Project management process groups such as Initiation, Planning, Execution, Monitoring & Control and Closure of Project.  ? Work with other scrum masters to coordinate the priorities and efforts of shared resources.  ? Manage and communicate metrics, such as velocity, trajectory, burn-down etc.  ? Conversant at Test Planning, Test Data Management and Test Case Management , Execution and defect management in QC.  ? Proficient in Agile/Scrum, Waterfall and QA methodologies. Well versed with Rally & Jira.  ? A strong work ethic combined with a commitment to excellence in all projects undertaken.  ? An effective communicator with excellent relationship building & interpersonal skills. Possess a flexible & detail oriented attitude.  ? Track record of leading others and positive change in project definition, project delivery, and process improvement.  ? Support the Product Owner in managing customer expectations for project deliverable  ? Assist the Product Owner with the product backlogs to ensure the team is consistently groomed and maintained well in advance of upcoming sprints  ? Worked with the Scrum Team and the Product Owner to negotiate the minimum viable product for delivery  ? Proven ability to influence cross functional teams without formal authority as a servant leader  ? Result driven and highly experienced product leadership with a passion for user experience, design and business strategy. Capable of building and guiding development teams to ship successful products  ? A team player with good organizational, communication and multi-tasking skills. Capable of rapid orientation and open to further learning and development in new areas.  ? Certified Scrum Master Work Experience Volunteer Work Inner City Missions January 2019 to June 2019    ? Work closely with department staff to identify/create volunteer opportunities.   ? Help Create the Project Management Office.   ? Help to identify and implement new ways to meaningfully engage constituents.   ? Manage volunteer intake, on-boarding and tracking.   ? Create and maintain system for consistently tracking volunteer information and engagement.   ? Maintain contact with past volunteers as appropriate to keep them engaged/informed.   ? Help to plan and implement events that give volunteers hands-on opportunities to engage ICM’s work (i.e. service days, etc.).   ? Coordinate teams of volunteers for organizational events.   ? Help to create and utilize appropriate tools to evaluate long-term volunteer positions IT Project Manager / Scrum Master (Consultant) Aleph Technologies, LLC - Richardson, TX January 2017 to November 2018 Responsibilities  ? Develops clear project charters, proper scoping, timeline management, data collection, and pre- project communication plans. Keeps projects on track and provides timely communication and feedback on project progression to key stakeholders; recommends corrective actions when necessary.  ? Heavily involved with the team's health including talent acquisition, team-building activities, performance review, and developing performance improvement plans when necessary.  ? Created onboarding plans for each new team member to acclimatize them to the company, team, and clients.  ? Acts as a change agent to instill process improvement.  ? Experienced in managing Agile Software Development Projects.  ? Facilitate meetings to fulfill the Agile Release Train planning and operational flow  ? Coached and helped develop team members, assure that the team members have the necessary education and training to effectively participate on the team  ? Work in partnership with project teams to deliver project objectives using Agile/SCRUM, SAFe and XP practices to plan, estimate and manage their work.  ? Assisted clients in writing user stories and tracking product defects to assure proper quality management across various technical projects.  ? Facilitated daily scrum meetings to coach and mentor the self-organized, cross-functional Agile Project team.  ? Served as Agile Coach for Different teams, identifying areas for improvement and incorporating new processes to enhance operations; configured JIRA projects and templates to be used by agile teams  ? Thrived in multiple scaled environments using Scrum based approaches. Worked on Scrum processes for 3 cross-functional teams, modifying applications to provide data review and improve metric auditing using the HP ALM tool  ? Conducted Sprint Planning, Daily Scrum, Sprint Review, and Retrospective meeting; established and trained team using Scrum  ? Managed schedules, budgets, and resources including ethics and compliance management; coaching personnel on all Agile practices  ? Worked with Scrum teams and collaborated with offshore development teams in the development and creation of Scrum frameworks  ? Worked extensively on creation of RACI for Agile Delivery Roles like Agile Delivery Lead, Release Train Engineer, Scrum Master vs the traditional roles like Program Manager, Project Manager, Cross Application.  ? Drove scheduling, budgeting and Agile practices; converted traditional Requirements documents into effective user stories.  ? Coordinated project planning, meeting identified corporate project goals, and coaching personnel on Agile processes. Volunteer Inner City Missions - NG January 2018 to June 2018 • Work closely with department staff to identify/create volunteer opportunities.  ? Help Create the Project Management Office.  ? Help to identify and implement new ways to meaningfully engage constituents.  ? Train members on project management methodology and principles.  ? Create and maintain system for consistently tracking volunteer information and engagement.  ? Maintain contact with past volunteers as appropriate to keep them engaged/informed.  ? Help to plan and implement events that give volunteers hands-on opportunities to engage ICM's work (i.e. service days, schools's etc.).  ? Coordinate teams of volunteers for organizational events.  ? Help to create and utilize appropriate tools to evaluate long-term volunteer positions IT Project Manager / Scrum Master (Consultant) AT&T - Richardson, TX June 2016 to October 2016 Responsibilities:  ? Involved in the Review of Requirements Specification with functional manager and technical specialists of the application  ? Responsible for maintaining and tracking defects and user stories via Rally and utilizing SAFe methodologies and practices.  ? Reviewed and contributed to product requirement and release Train documents.  ? Established an agile team maturation process that included a series of trainings and mentoring sessions supported by a playbook of best practices, Gemba walks, periodic team maturity assessments (using multi-level Agile Maturity Model), and ongoing monitoring and coaching  ? Conducted JAD sessions and one-on-one interviews with business and SME's for requirements gathering.  ? Conduct meetings with cross functional stakeholders to address business issues and develop resolutions.  ? Routinely perform scope analysis and gather detailed functional and systems requirements for SDLC.  ? Demonstrated excellent technical writing skills by developing Business Requirements Document (BRD) and Functional Specifications  ? Writing, maintaining, executing Test plans, test cases and Test Scripts, analyzing bugs and interacting with team members in fixing the errors.  ? Responsible for the full SDLC lifecycle from gap analysis, mapping, implementation and testing for POC.  ? Facilitate elicitation meetings, to create the business requirements for the project, and translating these into functional specifications.  ? Analyzed the business process along with prior documentation for complete understanding of the project.  ? Interviewed SME's and other stakeholders in order to better understand the business process.  ? Worked with the program manager for planning and organizing the project activities, and in communicating with other business center managers and stakeholders of the project.  ? Present design ideas and mock-ups of new functionalities to executives for approval.  ? Engaged in QA/UAT testing and User Interface Design testing for the case management application.  ? Defects and bug testing / Defect management by using HP ALM QC / JIRA.  ? Defining Agile Practices for the product & component team organizations  ? Coordinating with other agile coaches within a line of business to expand roll out of agile.  ? Responsible for analyzing projects, updating strategies and methodologies, forecasting project expenditure (both net spending & software capitalization), and assisting project managers IT Project Manager /Scrum Master (Consultant) Cigna - Plano, TX February 2015 to June 2016 Responsibilities:  ? Involved in working with Project Manager in planning, scheduling, and controlling projects based on schedules and requirements outlined by the business.  ? Coached stakeholders from Senior Management, Agile team members, external partners, distributed around the globe in multiple aspects of adopting, applying, and understanding Agile frameworks.  ? Defined, scheduled and monitored progress against a top-level product Release Plan, Release Burndown chart and/or Agile Epic Board  ? Prepared project reports, working with Scrum teams, and attending daily scrum meetings.  ? Conducts weekly project status meetings and attends programs weekly update meetings.  ? Coordinate the efforts of multiple teams (i.e. with the business and client to deliver projects to deadlines).  ? Communicate issues raised by clients to software development team, and manage defects.  ? Responsible for providing estimates and expected timelines for assignments.  ? Lead grooming session along with the daily construction board stand ups with the development team.  ? Actively participated in roadmap and project schedule development, as well as data modeling sessions, defect reviews, and object modeling sessions.  ? Developed and executed associated project plans and test scripts for User Acceptance Testing (UAT) and subsequent user training.  ? Provided leadership direction and coaching to the agile program and scrum teams, established cross-value stream coordination and collaboration;  ? Retrieved Data using SQL queries and did Data Mapping and Data analysis.  ? Played a key role in the planning, testing, and implementation of system enhancements and conversions.  ? Reviewed the UAT Results to identify defects and enhancement request from the Users.  ? Communicate issues raised by clients to software development team, and managed Defects, Test Data's using HP ALM QC, JIRA.  ? Liaise between Business Subject Matter Experts, Business Analysts, Engineering team and Project Management groups IT Project Manager (Consultant) AT&T - Plano, TX May 2014 to October 2014 Responsibilities    ? Used PRISM to documents all artifacts and milestones for each project.  ? Directed project management tasks for all phases of project (i.e. analysis, design, development, testing, and release and warranty period).  ? Presented findings to engineering leadership, identifying challenges the organization faced, and recommended what should be done differently to make the next experience more successful.  ? Agile Development Lifecycle Design  ? Provided business consulting, knowledge expertise in agile management methodologies, process assessment  work, and the application of technologies to business at Enterprise level.  ? Head multiple projects concurrently with responsibility for defining scope/schedule and controlling budget.  ? Routinely perform scope analysis and gather detailed functional and systems requirements for SDLC.  ? Conduct meetings with the business, and capture functional business and technical requirements.  ? Proven ability in resolving issues in regards to the project and communicating with IT management.  ? Manage implementation process through all phases of the project lifecycle - end to end project management  ? Plan and manage project schedule, dependencies and milestone using MS Project and PRISM.  ? Work with Application Teams (Developers & Testers) to develop API's. Create use cases and state diagrams used in application design, and work with development team to implement requirements.  ? Managed suppliers and vendors for VPMO (Server Installations) Projects.  ? Manage budgets between 500k - $1M - verifying and managing changes to project scope, schedule, and cost.  ? Partner with Release Managers to ensure projects are targeted for release (on-time and on-budget).  ? Attend daily status call with Program Level Managers; escalate issues as needed at the appropriate time.  ? Work extensively and manage Offshore Teams to ensure projects are completed as per AT&T standards.  ? Deep experience in working with AGILE, WATERFALL, and ITUP blended project methodology.  ? Responsible for analyzing projects, updating strategies and methodologies, forecasting project expenditure (both net spending & software capitalization), and assisting program managers in handling daily tasks.  ? Participated in PM forums and contributed to Best Practices as part of the PMO.  ? Managed third party and hardware vendors.  ? Conducts weekly project status meetings and attends programs weekly update meetings.  ? Coordinate the efforts of multiple teams (i.e. with the business and client to deliver projects to deadlines).  ? Communicate issues raised by clients to software development team, and managed defects. Project Manager / BA FreshPace Development Ltd February 2007 to December 2013 Worked as a Project Manager in PMO with the responsibility of coordinating and directing Development and Testing team.  ? Implemented long-term agile strategy for team development during pilot project  ? Improved agile methods where applicable to ensure successful execution of projects  ? Working with clients to better understand their needs and present solutions using agile approach.  ? Planned and managed project initiation (kick-off), analysis, design, development, testing, implementation, and post implementation function.  ? Outlined work plan and assigned duties, responsibilities, and scope of authority.  ? Verified and managed changes to project scope, schedule, and budget. Forecasted and monitored project expenditures.  ? Proactively manage changes in project scope, identify potential crises, and devise contingency plans.  ? Prepared detailed project plans (MS Project), project design documentation, and functional specifications.  ? Performed GAP analysis to define gaps between AS-IS and TO-BE processes.  ? Demonstrated excellent technical writing skills by developing Business Requirements Document (BRD) and Functional Specifications Document  ? Developed use cases models and workflows based on business requirement documentation in Microsoft Visio.  ? Acted, as a facilitator in JAD sessions to analyze and prioritize competing business needs.  ? Used RUP approach to fabricate UML diagrams and use case storyboards.  ? Determined traceability and dependability between the requirements using Rational RequisitePro.  ? Developed logical and physical data models to demonstrate data structures.  ? Acted as a liaison between development team and end-users during various SDLC phases.  ? Created the Project Change Request (PCR) process for the program to incorporate any new additions in the program after the scope is locked.  ? Provided Scheduling Guidance to functional team leaders for identifying project resource requirements.  ? Was fully responsible to prepare and maintain daily, weekly, and monthly reports to program managers.  ? Reviewed vendor changes, lead risk and quality management activities, and updated projects regularly.  ? Motivate and supervise project team members and contractors, and influence them to take positive action and accountability for their assigned work.  ? Coordinated with other departments in successful completion of projects.  ? Assisted Program Managers in handling daily activities, and made sure that projects were completed within deadlines and budgets.  ? Monitored/determined specific project details and created standard and adhoc reports for management.  ? Communicated with IT leadership regarding status of project program direction and changes of project.  ? Documented application functionality; submitted to development for implementation phase of SDLC.  ? Review Use Case History to identify existing requirements that support claimed functionality performance. Education Bachelor of Science in (B), Cons. Mgt LSU Skills Primavera, Sdlc, Javascript, Ms project, Visio, Jira, Rally, Selenium, Selenium webdriver, Ms access, Sql, Sharepoint, Html5, Ms office, Ms visio, Excel, Outlook, Powerpoint, Word Additional Information Training / Skills  ? Windows (XP, 2000, NT), MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, Project, and Visio), JavaScript, SharePoint, Rally Dev, HTML5, CSS3, SQL, Primavera P6, PRISM, JavaScript, Selenium WebDriver, JIRA, HP ALM QC, MS Access, MS Visio, MS SQL, MS Project, SDLC.