Program Manager Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> Program Manager - Tyche Data Solutions LLC North Fort Myers, FL Work Experience Program Manager Tyche Data Solutions LLC - Southwest, FL, US January 2019 to Present Contracts Summary  End-to-end Program Manager delivering results and driving multiple large-scale integration, convergence, and merger projects forward in the Healthcare industry. Projects are run simultaneously, and budgets are in the millions of dollars. Experienced in working within the constructs of Big 5 consulting matrix methodologies and environments, focusses have been on cyber security, cloud computing platforms VMWare and Nutanix AOS 5.5, Cisco network operations, Cerner and Epic platform HL7 and APIs, and application migrations to new hardware. Experienced in turning Business Units functional objectives into technical requirements. Waterfall and Agile methodologies employed as a PMP and certified Scrum Master using Confluence, JIRA and Rally. Contract to Ohio Health Huron Consulting Group - Chicago, IL September 2017 to December 2018 IT Program Manager, Virtual Office 100%  Systems Group, Mansfield, OH  Upgraded 64 application EHRs from MS Windows 2008 R2 to MS VMs 2012 or 2016. Conducted vendor research and set-up kick-off meetings to plan schedules and determine costs. Prepared application administrators for migrations. Created Pre-Flight checklists and scheduling for Go-Lives, presented change control at weekly CAB meetings, Executed the migrations sessions and coordinated having all necessary personnel available for successful installs and testing. Also, migrated were 20,000 Exchange PST's via Transvault, archived data, 7 critical EHRs in Mansfield for the new Cerner Millennial platform. New HL7 interfaces were created, firewalls configured, Enterprise Vault was used for migration to Office 365 including Skpe for Business for all the BU's in Mansfield and Columbus, OH Hospitals. In all, 30,000 users affected by the migrations and 50 TB storage utilized. Migrations were seamless and NO DOWNTIME experienced since data was replicated first. The entire project was achieved while maintaining critical compliance standards in the healthcare field -HIPPPA and ICD standards. Senior IT Project Manager Lyondell Basell - Houston, TX May 2016 to June 2016 Americas and EMEA Chemical Division Telecommunications and Voice Technologies  Mid- range Cisco WebEx collaboration tool rollout to the Corporate Houston One Center for 1000 users. AD and IAM policy definitions established. Implemented ad hoc ERP SAP and Salesforce enhancements as needed. Also completed a VOIP project for the Corporate Office's new CISCO UCS communications in all conference rooms. Senior IT Project Manager Community Health Systems - Franklin, TN December 2015 to May 2016 Infrastructure and Clinical Mergers, Healthcare Industry.  Infrastructure Core stand-up and Clinical Cerner and Medhost platform conversions at HMA acquisitioned hospitals. HIPPA training and compliance leader for CBT rollout as 6 hospitals. Senior IT Program Manager Zebra Technologies - Lincolnshire, IL June 2015 to August 2015 Data Center Transformations and Transitions, High-Tech Manufacturing Industry  Managed Data Center vendors to execute a lift and shift data center relocation of newly acquired Motorola Solutions. Project budget was $13M broken out into phases. vCloud and EMC Extreme IOS implemented. Cisco and HP technologies also implemented. Senior IT Project Manager HCL Technologies - New Orleans, LA 2015 to June 2015 Data Center Infrastructure Group, Power and Utilities Industry.  Applied Project Management and executed the Citrix Performance Solution Project for the Entergy Enterprise Architecture Group. The project upgraded the Citrix XenApp 6.5. Provided MDM support for mobile devices, tablets, etc. (XenMobile). Prioritized and coordinated the resolution of Remedy tickets. Senior IT Program Manager HCL Technologies - Portland, OR October 2014 to February 2015 Data Center Consolidations and Migrations, Logistics and Global Supply Management Industry  PMO support while cultivating a liaison role to the UTI CIO and Senior VP of Technology to grow a business relationship related to new infrastructure projects involving Data Center migrations and consolidations. Senior Security Consultant Open Sky Corporation - Pleasanton, CA April 2014 to October 2014 IT Security Intelligence Operations, client PayPal, Financial Industry in Scottsdale, AZ.  Created a Standards and Technical Risk Compliance Policy according to Payment Card Industry (PCI), to create and integrate the governance, assurance and management of performance, risk and complianceand model for PayPal. Responsible for the remediation of the Production and Private Cloud via Red Hat Enterprise License (RHEL) upgrades on the Linux platform. The effort centered RHEL 5.x and 6.x and comprised most of PayPal's 4 Data Centers' footprint which consisted of over 30,000 production servers through the Global Platform Initiative (GPI) for Security Intelligence, IAM, and Operations (SIO). The Project Management tools used daily were Rally, JIRA and Confluence in conjunction with the Agile PM Methodology. Senior IT Program Manager Health Management Associates (HMA) - Naples, FL September 2012 to February 2014 Data Center Infrastructure Technologies, Healthcare Industry  Lead Program Manager for two Data Center builds budgets of $11M and $17M. Vetted vendors and maintained asset tracking during the procurement process from vendors EMC-vBloc, VMAX, VPLEX, VNX, ISILON technologies, SunGard- power allocations, floor layouts, Citrix Netscalers, IBM -iSeries Foundation Flex series servers with v7000 storage, Cisco Switches 2k, 5k, 7k Nexus, UCS blade technology, HP standalone boxes, CDW ordering, tracking, RMAs, and dispute resolutions. Installed 15 circuits -dedicated -dark fiber synchronous, replication, and MPLS. Enforced HIPPA standards, held weekly Governance Mtgs. with key stakeholders - C level and PMO. PM'ed the Office 365 migration as a service project, 20,000 users migrated seamlessly, Transvault utilized, e-mail access never lost; first replicated, then 20 GB per hour migrated in a single stream. Senior IT Program Manager McKesson - The Woodlands, TX May 2011 to February 2012 Data Center Technology Group, Healthcare Industry  Delivered a daily status reports via a stand-up call every morning at 7 am to the Us Oncology CIO and McKesson Director of Data Centers. Chaired the Governance committee to ensure data compliance during migrations. Two data centers built from green field. Pivotal in on-site layout and architecture and relationships with the facility manager and vendors for power and installs. Total project budget was $21 Million. 385 HP servers, SAN, IPIDS devices, Netscalers, also chaired the Escalation committee, received $280k back in disputed contract non-compliance issues with vendors. CDW, Insight, and various contractor vendors used. $1.5 million signed-off on for labor as the Program manager with signatory authority. Network was a CISCO Nexus 7k, 5k, and 2ks Daisey chain. After infrastructure was tested and in place, US Oncology's applications were migrated via a dedicated 1 GiG burstable to 10 GIG migration circuit to Rancho Cordova, CA DC. Microsoft Exchange was the critical app moved first. It was seamless and shuttled with no outage or impact to any of the 15,000 users. Senior IT Project Manager DELL Computers - Round Rock, TX January 2011 to May 2011 Dell Services / Business & Technology Consulting Data Center Technologies, Government  Spearheaded the discovery phase on a Government contract with BAE Systems with the goal of consolidating 46 independent office sites down to three Dell Regional Data Centers through use of the Transformation Manager(TM) - an Asset Tracking, Identity Access Mgmt., and configuration management tool. Completed site surveys and updated custom Dell CMDB portal for Data collection and analysis. Polled Engineering and Business Group as to validity of data along with cross checks from IONIX (network testing) and Optnet (application interface testing) systems verification tools. IT Planning Manager Harley Davison Financial Services - Chicago, IL October 2010 to December 2010 Direct Report to the CIO, Financial Industry.  Responsible for the IT project forecasting and evaluation of cost vs. benefit to the PNL. Projects included infrastructure and SDLC in a Project Portfolio comprised of 44 projects, included were Data Center remediation. IT PM Senior Transition Manager IBM - Armonk, NY February 2010 to September 2010 Global Services Transitions and Transformations  GMAC Data Center Transition and Transformation Project-on site Detroit, MI - Financial Industry  Drove the solution architect decisions for the GMAC relocation, Identity Access Mgmt., and consolidation of its 14 Data Centers to four separate IBM owned and supported facilities domestic and internationally while adhering to Sarbanes Oxley (SOX) compliance and governance standards by being preparing monthly reports and delivering presentations to the Steering Committee. Professional Services Consultant to Airlines, Transportation Campbell Management - FTE - Scottsdale, AZ February 2009 to February 2010 Subject Matter Expert (SME) specializing in airline/airport IT software development as a vendor within SITA and ARINC guidelines, network and infrastructure implémentations, testing and troubleshooting various applications. IT Service Delivery Manager American Express - Phoenix, AZ January 2008 to September 2008 American Express Technologies, Randy Kupper Portfolio, Financial Industry  Directed the forecasting, project burn rates, risk mitigation and reporting on $19.6M Technology Portfolio for seven Lines of Business (LOB) to Senior Vice President. Individually accountable for the Consumer Services and Business Services Technology (CSBST) Group with the authority and movement of a $2.90 budget to 6 project managers responsible for 13 projects. Program Management responsibilities to enforce PMO governance and project documentation through formal reviews and scheduling peer reviews for all projects. Senior IT Project Manager US Airways - Tempe, AZ December 2006 to December 2007 Airport Automation Technology Group, Airlines Transportation  Managed a 24/7 crisis responses team to prioritize tickets and provide solutions to systems failures. Responsible for structuring, planning, developing, and driving the successful certification by means of the AGILE methodology (Scrum Master) of 4 US Airways business critical applications in accordance with SITA and ARINC regulations for ultimate deployment in the airlines Common Use Environment. Senior IT Project Manager Wells Fargo - Chandler, AZ August 2006 to November 2006 Enterprise Hosting Services Group, Financial Industries  Responsible for infrastructure estimates using CREST, ROM, and PMWUS reporting. Server configuration management, IAM, production and migration release scheduling, and engineering issues tracking and resolutions Senior IT Project Manager Data Center Technologies IBM - Phoenix, AZ December 2005 to July 2006 IBM Global Infrastructure Delivery Group at American Express, Financial Industries  Scoped, obtained funding, and managed 13 American express infrastructure projects as an IBM vendor concurrently at any onetime utilizing IBM project management methodology and workflow processes. Senior IT Project Manager CSC - Computer Sciences Corporation - Hoffman Estates, IL December 2004 to December 2005 CSC Global Applications Service and Innovation, Retail and Insurance Industry  Implemented standardized workflow in compliance with CSC Catalyst methodology as a level 3 CMMI as a vendor to exceed customer expectations in meeting the deliverable of patching and the remediation for 300 Sears's applications to new component-based technologies utilizing the .Net platform.    Senior Project Manager assigned to the Zurich Financial North America HQ, Hoffman Estates account in the role of single CSC PMO liaison and to the Senior Management at Zurich Financials Insurance North America. Responsible for scheduling all Zurich application owners, updating the CMDB with new information, engaging Zurich IT Architects, Zurich Directors in Risk Assessment and logically assigning Data Center application migrations and defining Identity Access Management policies allowable under SOX compliance standards and policies. Senior IT Program Manager Star Alliance -United Airlines - FTE - El Segundo, CA February 2001 to January 2002 PMO Professional Services, Airlines, Reward Programs, and Transportation Industry  Held the position as the Senior Project Manager to promote the future redesign and help set technology strategy (.Net) and initialize a Project Manage Office enforcing Governance procedure and promoting a seamless service approach to project delivery. One goal achieved was global mobility products offering through a diverse line of products integrated with marketing campaigns achieved by working directly with the VP of Marketing. Education Purdue University - West Lafayette, IN Bachelor of Science in (BS), Business Management Krannert School of Management Associates of Science in (AS), Mathematics while on full Baseball Lewis and Clark College - Godfrey, IL Skills Program Management, PMP, Apple, PMI, Project Management Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/bobpohlmanpmp http://www.TycheDataSolutions.com Certifications/Licenses CSM October 2015 to Present Agile, Rally, Confluence, JIRA, MS Project, SHarePoint, Daptiv, Gnatt Charts, Project Plans. ITIL, SIx Sigma, Excel -Expert, Visio, SQL, Oracle, DB2, Cisco, Palo Altos, IBM Mainframes, Nexus Networks, SDLC, Waterfall, Regression, Unit, Functional testing. Use Cases, Asset management, Security and Compliance. Project Governance and Change Control. Groups Theta Chi Fraternity at Purdue March 1989