IT Support Specialist II <span class="hl">IT</span> Support Specialist II IT Support Specialist II - CafePress, Inc Louisville, KY Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Support Specialist II CafePress, Inc - Louisville, KY 2013 to Present Provide courteous, professional software/hardware and network support in production and office environment, in    person, via telephone or online.  • Resolve customer related technical software and hardware problems in accordance with established policies and procedures.  • Provide Help Desk phone support, desk-side technical support and bench-top diagnosis and repair.  • Install, configure and maintain various OS environments to include Servers, VMs, and OS software.  • Remain current with changing IT technology via company sponsored training or through personal education..  • Install and configure system components such as disk drives, printers, and other peripherals with attention to detail.  • Responsible for diagnosing and/or resolving problems in response to customer reported incidents via trouble tickets;  escalating problems to higher graded IT Specialist as appropriate.  • Work with outside vendors on support tickets until issue resolution. Project Manager/ IT Support Metro Restoration Services, Inc - Louisville, KY 2007 to 2009 • Marketed company services to insurance agents and claims adjusters.    • Managed building restoration projects from estimate to completion.  • Supported all technology systems and users, as well as tested new software and technologies. Education Bachelor of Science in Business Administration University of Louisville - Louisville, KY 2009 to 2014 United States Air Force United States Air Force Security Police Academy 1990 to 1994 Skills Vmware (4 years), Ms Word (10+ years), Ms Excel (7 years), Active Directory (3 years), Windows Xp (10+ years), Windows 7 (6 years), Windows 8 (4 years), MS Access (2 years), Sophos (2 years), Ms Outlook (5 years), Xactimate (2 years) Additional Information SYSTEMS EXPERIENCE  Microsoft: Server 2003/08/12, Active Directory, Word, Excel, Outlook, Access, Visio, SQL Server, Windows  VM Ware: Workstation, Vfusion, Vsphere  Cisco: UCS, Spiceworks, Manage Engine Service Desk Plus, ADaudit, Sophos    E-MAIL: JEPALAZZO@GMAIL.COM  3210 THRUSH RD • LOUISVILLE, KY 40213 • PHONE (502) 664-2266