VP, IT Project Manager VP, <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> VP, IT Project Manager - Citibank Brooklyn, NY Highly accomplished PMP certified project manager with a broad background, in Digital, Treasury, Wealth Management and Retail Bank. Implemented digital conversions to new vendors. Governance enhancements in Technology PMO. Implemented multiple projects for programs that spanned multiple releases. Executed an online tool for Know Your Customer (KYC) for Wealth Management bankers. Identified and resolved gaps and differences between integrating systems at merging banks.    Highlight    • Digital, Cards, Banking  • Business Relationships  • Process Improvements  • Results Measurement  • Agile and Waterfall Life Cycles  • SDLC Artifacts  • Communications  • Sharepoint  • Project Prioritization  • Issue Resolution Work Experience VP, IT Project Manager Citibank - Long Island City, NY 2011 to Present Digital Project Manager Lead  Threatmetrix (TMX) project replaces iOvation with TMX across all Digital platforms, channels and lines of business in North America to improve our interdiction results by better capturing risky behavior and reducing false positives. Assigned as the Lead IT PM to manage the effort for CARDS and CRS businesses, across all digital channels, managing migration through monthly agile releases from discovery through implementation. Responsibilities also include collection of artifacts for audit, identification of impacted teams and collection of sizings for additional releases and movement between releases.    Significant accomplishments include: Creating process and templates for managing effort across all lines of business and all scrum teams in Digital.    Project Manager Lead  Avoka replaced the internal Digital account opening process for new to bank checking account customers, which would improve the collection of information as well as the customer experience. Assigned as the Lead IT PM to manage the effort for the Retail Bank across all digital channels managing migration through multiple waterfall releases. Responsibilities also included collection of artifacts for audit, and extensive Vulnerability Assessment Testing (VA Testing) before first release.    Project Manager Lead  The Go To Common (GTC) program is a global initiative to consolidate legacy applications onto a global platform to improve Citi customer experiences, while ensure the customer experience is the same globally. As the Lead IT PM for the Governance team, managed ad hoc projects, provided planview and SDLC support to the program, supported IT project managers.    Significant accomplishments included: managing remediation of two CAPS identified by the OCC, implemented new change management process that included increased due diligence and approvals prior to submission and implemented new common report across multiple PMOs Contractor, IT Project Manager Judge Group 2010 to 2011 Project Manager Lead  The Rainbow program was a global initiative to consolidate legacy applications. As a Project Manager on the Rainbow team, managed multiple releases of client profiling tool used by branch sales staff Various Positions Chase 1988 to 2009 Project Manager Lead, VP  Client Advisor Experience team managed an internal desktop portal called The Workstation, that was used by all wealth management advisors. As lead IT PM for KYC, was responsible for all facets of project management from documenting business requirements through User Acceptance Testing, implementation, front office training and communications and continued regression testing. Also managed prioritization process of Wealth Management projects.    Accomplishments included: Implemented new KYC tool, including communication and training for 4,400 users in Wealth Management, through multiple release upgrades of the KYC tool, including new functionality and new reports. Documented all requirements for a new version of the KYC tool to add 1,000 Private Bank users. Established a consistent process of reviewing project portfolio and eliminating irrelevant projects.    Project Manager Lead, VP  Global Client Access is a multi-function tool used by clients for transactional and informational services globally. Identified and resolved product gaps and differences for merger integration projects across multiple Treasury channels. Resolution can consist of either communication of differences between multiple client platforms or documenting business requirements to remediate gaps. Led issue resolution teams to determine end state of gaps and differences that span multiple channels.    Accomplishments included: Implemented intraday reporting of teller transactions across all client facing channels. Coordinated gaps and differences identification and determination including documenting business requirements across all client facing channels, ensuring consistency for three bank integrations: Bank of NY and two JPMorgan Chase / Bank One integrations    Project Office Manager, VP  Managed program office responsible for execution of 45 major programs across 9 lines of business. Led issue resolution teams across Retail Operations, representing Retail Operations across the firm    Accomplishments included: implemented two JPMorgan Chase integration projects. Responsibilities included overseeing multiple workstreams. Converted 638 ATMs to target User Interface and migration to target Monitoring, Settlement, Cash Forecasting and Reg E processing. Established consistent reporting timelines and tools across Retail Operations    Previous positions at JPMorgan Chase  • Project Management: Project Office Manager, Team Leader, Project Manager  • Branch Sales: Retail Sales Coach, Sales Manager, Sales Officer, Sales and Service Management Trainee  • Fraud Analyst Education MBA New York Institute of Technology BA Binghamton University Skills PMP, PM, SDLC, Waterfall, Project Management, Excel, Sharepoint, Program Management Additional Information PMP Certified