Infrastructure Project Manager Infrastructure <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Infrastructure Project Manager Bethlehem, PA Work Experience Infrastructure Project Manager Hansen Technologies - Bethlehem, PA December 2018 to August 2019 Manage a wide variety of local and global infrastructure projects, such as:  ? Migration of applications from physical data centers to Amazon Web Services (AWS).  ? Installation/testing of 3rd party Asset Management software.  ? Design/plan/execute Disaster Recovery setup and testing in AWS.  ? Assist in preparing for SOC 2 compliance and audit. IT User Project Leader Sanofi - Swiftwater, PA March 2018 to November 2018 Contractor)  ? Validated the upgrade of software and hardware controlling chromatography systems in a pharmaceutical manufacturing environment.  ? Completed documentation and testing following GMP standards. IT Project Leader Sanofi - Bridgewater, NJ November 2017 to February 2018 Contractor)  ? Led project, utilizing Agile processes, to deploy Apple Mac machines globally, across Sanofi, as an alternative to PCs.  ? Supported Mac Engineers in moving the project through the different phases from Early Adoption through to Full Production.  ? Guided establishment of processes and procedures to incorporate Mac machines into the infrastructure. IT Project Manager, Healthcare, PMO Reading Health System - Reading, PA June 2017 to September 2017 Contractor)  ? Managed IT healthcare projects for numerous departments across the Hospital.  ? Strong emphasis on gathering and analyzing business requirements as well as working with vendors. IT Senior Project Manager, Infrastructure, PMO Synchronoss Technologies - Bridgewater, NJ November 2014 to December 2016 Managed the buildout of a new data center, required to host and support Verizon's 140 million customers.  ? Orchestrated the migration and consolidation of software tools as Synchronoss acquired new companies.  ? Coordinated the Performance and Capacity team schedule and projects; test results were the crucial pre-requisite to the release of software upgrades/bug fixes for Verizon customers.  ? Key contributor in reviewing policies and procedures for the newly formed Project Management Office.  ? Strengthened the delivery of services for Verizon; responsible for all communications with the Verizon team during production issue severity bridges; helped troubleshoot/resolve issues on those calls.  ? Planned the installation of dedicated circuits to assist with the migration of the millions of Verizon customers from Synchronoss to Verizon's cloud space.  ? Other projects included:  ? Buildout of cloud solutions for both internally hosted applications and applications hosted on AWS  ? Installation of third-party software to link work management systems (Workfront with Jira)  ? Remediation of data center security issues  ? Middleware software upgrades Senior IT Project/Program Manager, Application IBM Corporation November 2009 to November 2014 Promoted to lead a global team in the creation and implementation of a new, critical tool required for IBM internal use. This tool was named Global Evidence Management (GEM), and its purpose was to manage work moving to other countries, consisting of the management/approval of contracts, data privacy and annual renewal. Led a team of 43 employees, including architects, developers, country GEM focals, core team members, administrators and testers.  ? Engineered GEM's initial deployment including requirements development and approval, pilot testing, load testing, user training/demos, and installation into 59 countries on a phased basis.  ? Managed enhancements to GEM to meet additional business requirements such as the addition of process flow, ISO Certification, interface with other applications, migration to new servers and creation/maintenance of wiki pages.  ? Incorporated country or region-specific requirements as more areas migrated to GEM.  ? Headed the full redesign of GEM to streamline the user interface and migrate to an electronic form. Involved intensive re-architecture, rigorous testing, numerous role-based education sessions and coordination of region leaders to monitor electronic migration.  ? Oversaw the development and installation of restricted evidence, which allowed confidential evidence to be only accessible to a select group of users.  ? Developed and taped various levels of training and conducted training sessions for GEM administrators and country/region focals.  ? Identified processes affected by GEM's deployment, instructed team members to modify those processes and verified all changes were completed.  ? Hosted weekly then monthly meetings with country and regions focals to obtain user feedback on GEM, discuss existing issues and obtain input for new enhancements. IBM Corporation - Bethlehem, PA August 1996 to November 2014 IT Project Manager, Application and Infrastructure, PMO IBM Corporation February 2002 to November 2009 Managed and led the deployment of new e-Business applications, migrations and upgrades for IBM corporate. Projects included installation of new hardware, migration to new hosting environment, application sunset, deployment of new applications and completion of upgrades to existing applications. Engaged in a large organization of Project Managers that embraced the formal Project Management methodology.    ? Developed comprehensive, documented Communications Plans outlining how communication would flow within the full deployment team. Included documents to be created and approved (SOW, DOU), required meetings, deployment/installation guidelines, and requirements for an application to move to steady state.  ? Examined project requirements and consulted with architects to determine people resources and hardware required for the projects.  ? Established project plan, oversaw completion of the work leading up to the actual deployment, supervised pre-deployment testing and managed the actual deployment during off-hours.  ? Oversaw and verified quality assurance code review as well as different types of testing: user acceptance, integration verification and customer acceptance.  ? Resolved issues resulting from the deployment and moved the project to steady state after 3 days with no reported issues.  ? Assessed issues encountered during projects and documented lessons learned to be utilized as best practices for future projects. IT Project Manager IBM Corporation August 1996 to January 2002 Through an IBM/Lucent outsourcing contract, managed software development projects for Lucent Technologies. Education Master's in Project Management George Washington University - Washington, DC Master of Science degree in Computer Science Lehigh University - Bethlehem, PA Bachelor of Arts degree Rutgers University - New Brunswick, NJ Skills Sharepoint, Jira, Microsoft project, Epm, Eclipse, Workflow, Excel, Microsoft office, Powerpoint, Word Additional Information ? ITSM Software - Jira, ServiceNow and ISM/EPM  ? Project Management Software - Microsoft Project, Trello (for Agile workflow), Workfront, and Eclipse  ? Collaborative Software - Slack, Confluence, SharePoint, and Yammer  ? Microsoft Office Products - Teams, Word, Excel, Project, PowerPoint, and OneNote