IT Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Manager - Jermax International Chatsworth, CA Seeking a full-time Network Engineering Position    Interest Network Engineering, Software Engineering, Programming and Project Management Work Experience IT Manager Jermax International May 2019 to Present Design, support and maintenance systems. Setup wall mount rack, switch, cloud storage, etc. Network Engineer, Project Manager SSHC September 2015 to April 2019 Designing a network map of building, Contributed technical  support the company, Monitoring data usage traffic with CACTI, Virtualizing hardware for customers with VMware ESXI, Designing Data Center, Data Center support and maintenance. Monitoring IVR  system traffic with PhpMyAdmin. Manager of CP (content provider) projects. Live streaming in congress,  world cup 2018. IT Technician Nasco June 2014 to August 2015 Contributed technical support the company. Designing part of vehicle with AutoCAD.  Junior Database Developer, Recording manufactory inventory in database. Computer Coach Kian Kindergarten January 2008 to May 2014 Teaching computer basic skills to toddlers. Managing register system.  Selective Projects  Data Center Design - SSHC  • Designing Data Center environment from base to the end, Examining safety issues, Setup server  racks cabinet and wall mount rack, Setup ups, cisco switch, routers, SAN storage, Creating  handmade CAT5 and CAT6 with RJ45, Setup Patch Panels, Setup VOIP hardware and software.  Installing Dark Fiber - SSHC  • Fiber optic wiring from main telecom center to another one and setup server racks cabinet. Setup  cisco switch, SAN storage, etc.    Live Streaming Project - SSHC  • Equipping our data centers with cellular bundling devices (MAX Transit and MAX on-the-go  devices from PepWave Company). Applying speed fusion between devices. Using Fiber optic to provide servers internet and using cellular for locations which project is running. Using OBS  software to input data. We designed software for our live project and customers were able to watch live via application. Education M.SC. in Information Technology in Networking Azad University North Branch September 2016 to December 2019 B.SC. in Software Engineering in Software Engineering Khaje Nasir Toosi University September 2010 to December 2014 Skills Dns, Opnet, Tcp/ip, Dhcp, Lan/wan, Mpls, Tcp, Vmware, Voip, Wireless, Sql server, Pl/sql, Sql, Css, C++, Html, Python, Visio, Visual basic, Java, Network Administration, Excel, IT Management, Customer Service Additional Information Technical Skills    • Proficient in C++ Programming, JAVA, HTML, CSS, Python, Visual Basic, PhpMyAdmin, My SQL,  SQL Server, VMware ESXI, Putty, OPNET Network Simulator.  • Proficient in MS Office (Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint, Visio, Project); Certified in ICDL, Adobe  Acrobat Photoshop, illustrator.  • Proficient in TCP/IP, DNS, DHCP, VLANs, Wireless AP, LAN/WAN, Cloud Computing, VOIP, MPLS.  • Proficient Knowledge of the installation of internet broadband, Installation and testing of CAT  5/5E/6/6A Cables, Fiber, Fiber Connectors, Patch Panels, Rack equipment.  • Proficient in Support and Troubleshooting MAC OS, Microsoft Windows 7,8,10.  • Familiar with PL/SQL, OBS, AutoCAD.