Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager Phoenix, AZ Results-driven, detail-oriented, and multifaceted professional with more than 20 years of experience in the PM/ IT industry; complemented with hands-on background in program and project management, personnel administration, operations management, and customer relations. Goal-driven and performance-focused individual, with proven track record of success in managing and coordinating project implementation within established deadline, specifications, and budget. Expert at identifying project requirements, tracking budget expenses, processing statement of work, and managing project plan. Armed with excellent communication, presentation, problem-solving, prioritization, and time management skills; effective at coordinating and establishing positive working relationship with clients, vendors, project managers, and all levels of individuals. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager Sun Home Communities Financial - Scottsdale, AZ 2008 to 2016 Tracked activities of customers and the business established from there visits..  ? Improved company IT/sales through regular training activities.  ? Worked with managers to refine company offerings and improve sales of homes.  ? Instructed, motivated, and developed knowledge on company policies.  ? Assumed full accountability in handling, developing, and maintaining sales relationships while ensuring compliance with clients' requirements  ? Report on progress of sales to manager and company owners. IT Sales/Support European Adoption Consultants - Cleveland, OH 2004 to 2008 Sold systems and software to adoption agencies.  ? Provided application and system support for windows-based network.  ? Effectively improved IT function and developed corporate analytics and search engine optimization (SEO).  ? Rendered hands-on management in system selections, account management, ordering, setup and software configuration and installation.    Earlier Positions Held:  National City Bank Cleveland, OH  IT Project Manager    Accenture Cleveland, OH  SAP Manager  Installed SAP for 4000 users in 9 locations. Sold HP server platform as infrastructure for ERP.  EXPERIENCE    NCR Corporation Dayton, OH  Technical Sales Account Manager  ? Managed relationships with major retailers in NE Ohio. Sherwin-Williams, Firestone, Fabri-Centers and Schottensteins.  ? Technical leader for POS system sales in Ohio based territory.  ? Sales calls and meetings with high level retail executives. CIO, MIS and Directors.  ? Facilitated the implementation of point of sale (POS) for 800 Firestone stores and 2100 Sherwin-Williams stores through NCR POS solutions. Education Bachelor of Science in Information Technology in Information Technology Mercersburg Academy - Mercersburg, PA University of Pittsburgh - Pittsburgh, PA Skills BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT, SALES MANAGEMENT, RELATIONSHIP MANAGEMENT, CONTRACT NEGOTIATION, CUSTOMER RELATIONSHIP MANAGEMENT, STRATEGIC PLANNING Certifications/Licenses A valid IT Specialist certification Additional Information Results-driven and multifaceted sales manager with excellent communication, presentation, problem-solving, and time management skills. Established positive working relationships with customers, vendors, managers and all levels of individuals.    CORE COMPETENCIES    Sales Management  Quality Management  Strategic Planning  Business Development  Contract Negotiation  Customer Relationship Management