Technical Project Manager (Consultant) Technical <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> (Consultant) IT Project Manager (Technical) / Scrum Master Denver, CO • Overall Experience - Hands-on, diligent, result-driven and process oriented Senior Project Manager/Scrum Master with 15+ years of total IT experience with progressive roles and growth, strong and proven experience within large enterprise environments. Led small to mid-sized IT teams driven by multiple levels of business criticality; strategically utilizing diverse technology aligned with corporate goals.  • A blend of experience – Program/ Project Management, Multiple Implementations, Upgrades, Support, IT Management, Consulting and People Management.  • Agile – As Scrum Master, close working experience with Agile team to ensure project tracking and deliverable.   • Project Management: Initiate, plan, execution, implementation & control projects using PMP methodologies. Extensive background in all phases of project life cycle including requirements gathering, functional specification, configuration & set up, Gap analysis, design, debugging, testing and implementations. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Technical Project Manager (Consultant) Marathon Petroleum Corp - Denver, CO November 2017 to Present • Managing IT processes, analysis and re-engineering, configuring applications, leading fit and gap product review sessions, customization and implementation of various application modules.  • Lead and organize cross functional teams to input all necessary data for project tracking and planning.  • Architected a comprehensive strategy to deliver 6 high-value mission critical projects with KPI, Metrics & SLA's.  • Identified, negotiated, defined and escalated potential scope changes to resource managers & internal sponsors.  • Managing the development and implementation process of Company's Product and services.  • Managed and facilitated daily standup, scrums, reviews, retrospectives, sprint/release planning and championing bi-weekly stakeholder's event, backlog grooming meetings.  • Organizing Quarterly PI Planning to setup and release cadence-based synchronization points.  • Managing day to day interactions with executive clients and sponsors.  • Responsible for monitoring projects, tasks and incidents with a proactive approach to identify and understand risks and engage appropriate support.  • Lead defining, delivering, support and implementation for business, customers and compliance need.  • Track and manage project financials, project deliverables, timetables, risks, and challenges.  • Extensive experience in system/application implementations, configuration, upgrades and support.  • Working on Incident Management, Change Management, Configuration Management, Problem Management, and Service Request Management in ServiceNow.  • Worked on planning, scheduling, risk/mitigation plan, monitoring, release management to ensure on-time, on-budget delivery, meeting business expectations.  • Supervise professional IT staff to ensure accomplishment of assigned duties and responsibilities through delegation of work, priority determination and work review. Senior IT Project Manager Oracle Corporation - Denver, CO January 2016 to October 2017 • Devising solution strategy, process design, facilitating Functional, Infrastructure and technical assessments, providing thought leadership for adopting Oracle Cloud Fusion to global customers.  • Managed clients, business process analysis and re-engineering, configuring applications, leading fit and gap product review sessions, customization and implementation of various Fusion modules.  • Provided service engagement, product delivery & support for worldwide customers.  • Liaison between Cloud technical team, business functions & customer to drive highly complex implementations.  • Worked on proactive/reactive issues to reproduce issues in lab, queries, creating POC documents, guiding customer to implement functionality in Oracle Fusion Cloud.  • Demonstrated communication skills and presentation to higher leadership by providing executive presentation and preparing desks (PPTs)  • Mentored new resources, their issues, progress and assist them on/off site, KT and Q&A sessions. IT Project Manager Gates Corporation - Denver, CO September 2012 to August 2015 • Managed systems, configuration, setup, testing, upgrades, integration and implementation of Oracle EBS/ERP in global locations i.e. Canada, China, Mexico and others  • Supported team, business process, customization and implementation of various applications.  • Hold team meetings, scrums, status/variance reporting and issue tracking with internal stake-holders, pipeline management, vendors and office of the CFO.  • Hired, developed and mentored self-sustaining and winning teams that work at client locations.  • Derived TCO and ROI's as well as managed direct impact projects > $25M world-wide using adopted Lean 6 Sigma working with nimble team leaders  • Managed and worked on various projects for BI, data quality, data conversion, cleaning and validations skills to properly translate business requirements.  • Managed, build and configure proof of concepts (POC), CRPs, SIT, UAT. IT Project Manager International Paper - Newport News, VA July 2000 to August 2011 ·     Worked with Oracle EBS Functional/Technical resources to identify tasks, Schedule, delegation and monitor development activities, resolution using Agile and Waterfall methodologies.   ·     Achieved expertise in development utilizing Oracle technologies (stack) reports, forms, workflow, open Interfaces, standard imports, APIs to extend EBS functionality and integration with external systems.  ·     Derived TCO and ROI’s as well as managed direct impact projects > $25M world-wide   ·     Worked on planning, scheduling, risk/mitigation plan, monitoring, release management to ensure on-time, on-budget delivery, meeting business expectations  ·     Identified, negotiated, defined and escalated potential scope changes to resource  managers & internal sponsors and adopted Lean 6 Sigma working with nimble team leaders.  ·     Managed and worked on various projects for BI, data quality, data conversion, cleaning and validations skills to properly translate business requirements. Education Master's in Computer Applications Skills Microsoft Project, Customer Service, Scheduling, Word, budget, Estimating, Maintenance, Outlook, Microsoft Office, JIRA, Confluence, Sharepoint, TFS, ServiceNow, Oracle, Plsql, Project Management, Scrum Master, Cloud Computing, G Suite, IT Business Applications Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) Certified ScrumMaster (CSM)