Data Center Data Center Reston, VA • Systems Engineering: includes many diverse software development projects for customers, such as EPA, Sprint, MCI, HUD, NIH, Accenture, PWC and many other industry leaders.  • ERP projects: Developed projects for the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development's (HUD) Contact Directed the effort to design and verify the CRM and Knowledge Management Tool used by HUD's Management Center.  • Client Management: Provided direct support at all levels within the organization in providing quality assurance. During my tenure at the Office of the Comptroller the Currency within the US Treasury, NIH, Accenture, HUD and Defense Finance and Accounting Service worked directly with senior management.  • Enterprise Implementations: Directed agency wide rollouts of new software and systems for clients including Allegis, Accenture, Sprint, PwC, MCI, Treasury, and HUD to mention a few.  • Software development process: Managed, designed, developed, and tested systems-level software and network distribution software for many industries including government, insurance, medical, industrial, military, communications, business, and scientific applications. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Data Center Microsoft July 2017 to Present • Providing on-site, hands-on physical infrastructure activity for IT equipment (such as Servers, Net Devices, SANs, Windows OS Support, etc.) physical cabling, parts/component replacements, physical hardware troubleshooting, and highlighting challenges - to enable efficient support of these DC operations.  • Executing work-orders via ticketing queues and systems leveraging my broad range of skills in support of incident management and change implementation.  • Supporting the datacenter and delivery as a deployment-focused contributor  • Participating in inventory, spare, cable, and related asset management, in sensitive internal High Business Impact (HBI) environments; to enable external compliance and regulatory audit preparation activities. IT Consultant Smart Source, Inc October 2015 to October 2017 Services covering but not limited to Data Centers, Offices, Store Locations in Retail, Banking, and Finance. Services:  • Site Surveys (Cellular, Wireless and Data Center Surveys using several discovery reporting tools and drawing programs for site layout and rack elevations)  • Smart hands - Onsite/offsite technical assistance and troubleshooting  • Equipment installations and configurations  • Ladder racking, pre-wiring of patch panels and equipment  • Interface card removal, installation and configuration  • Testing media for continuity and proper signaling  • Inventorying/labeling of equipment  • Office/Store setup - including low level cabling to equipment setups/configuration. Project Manager CPBBC January 2015 to July 2017 Managed the public facing website redesign and implementation of the internal website projects from initiation to close, requiring resource and financial management while delivering desired functionality to senior leaders.  • Comprehensive Analysis: Conducted a comprehensive analysis of all facets of the organization's website  • Cost Analysis: Provided a cost analysis including options and phases associated with the implementation of the website redesign necessary to achieve CPBBC's goals.  • Quality Measures - Factors for Award  • Project Scope: Created the statement of work, planned the pre-proposal conference and provided technical answers to questions from contractors.  • Quality Control Plan: Established and maintained a complete quality control (QC) plans.  • Developed project milestone delivery schedule to allow technical team to efficiently and effectively deliver multiple release cycle's annually  • Responsible for tracking and developing IT budgets for everything related to technology purchasing, staffing, and daily operations.  • Identify emerging technologies, and advising the organization's leadership as cost-benefits.  • Serves as a SME when it comes to bringing new technologies and methods into the organization.  • Developing the site's content strategy and governance outline which will determine how the organization's content gets created and published. Project Manager Comcast Cable July 2014 to March 2015 Managed the Commercial Survey Teams within the Northeast Division of Comcast Cable's construction division. Coordinated the daily activities of the site-surveying contractors performing inspections of the quality of work of to ensure that all SLAs were met. Developed and implements appropriate methods, practices, policies, and procedures. In addition, I developed the performance-tracking reports for the Sr. Director of Construction at Comcast Cable. Additional duties included:  • Conducting background research  • Data collection and benchmarking  • Support development of project plan templates  • Monitoring and documenting project progress and other performance indicator  • Track and document project risks  • Preparing formal project progress and other reports  • Liaison between Management and contractors Project Manager 8 x 8 Inc January 2011 to December 2013 Managed the Data Center Infrastructure support task for 8 x 8 which includes planning, development, and implementation of all projects at the Data Center. Project Manager MJE Networks, LLC December 2012 to March 2013 • Developed the project lifecycle process used in support of MJE Networks' contract with T-Mobile.  • Managed the Low Voltage cable team in support of the Towson University stadium project. This project included the pulling, placement, termination, testing, and labeling of twisted pair, coax, power limited tray, stranded, solid conductor low voltage, Category 5, Category 6, single and multi -mode fiber optic cables. Project Manager Excellence Christian School July 2012 to July 2012 Project management support for the School's desktop refresh and web-site refresh projects. Project Manager Agency for Healthcare Research & Quality April 2011 to September 2011 Provided support to the Project Management Office, responsible for the configuration, administration, and integration of Microsoft Project Server 2007. In addition, I developed management reporting system that measured project performance. Project Manager October 2010 to October 2010 Provided support to the Business Unit Manager and Account Manager to prepare a proposal plan that met the objectives of the proposal budget and timeline. SharePoint Consultant TEKsystems September 2009 to July 2010 Provided systems analysis and architectural support to Noblis' Corporate Information Management team and worked with various business units to define requirements for the enterprise search strategy for SharePoint. Project Manager Stanley Associates August 2006 to August 2009 • Provided project management and technical support on the SSES Omnibus contract at the Office of the Comptroller the Currency. As project manager, led the Web Development team responsible for maintaining the agency's three website environments.  • Implemented business logic/application database changes, developed ad-hoc reports, gathered data from external agencies, assisted customers, repaired application defects, and performed application tuning.  • Tested/validated application changes, replaced obsolete system/application components, tested new/upgraded hardware and software, and documented all application changes/enhancements.  • Provided assistance with customer acceptance testing, application changes with Production Control, and all database changes with the Database Administration group.  • Designed the ITS Work Request portal allowing management to assign task and track the progress of work assigned to the contracting staff. In addition, the portal allows the developer to utilize the custom estimating module and track system issues as well as providing near real-time project status. Project Manager Minjoh Technology Solutions December 2002 to August 2006 Managed the daily operations of the HUD's Contact Management Center (CMC) monitoring contract and ensure the operation of a quality services environment.  • Comprehensive Analysis: Developed a comprehensive analysis of all facets of the CMC project, and outlined any alterations or improvements to the Business Processes as well as the defining/documenting all SOPs and SLAs.  • Cost Analysis: Delivered the cost analysis report that included alternative options and phases associated with the implementation of the.  • Quality Measures (Factors for Award): Specific the evaluation criteria to be used by the CMC Technical Evaluation Panel.  • Quality Control Plan: Established and maintain a complete quality control (QC) plan to ensure the SLAs were clearly defined and documented. Project Manager TEKsystems January 1996 to December 2002 Provided project management support for multiple projects across all phases of development. Responsible for assessing client needs, designing, and creating effective solutions, meeting client deadlines and maintaining positive client relationships.  • Monitored workflow and made timeline and resources adjustments as needed.  • Worked as part of an interdisciplinary team to achieve project milestones.  • Collaborated with business units and development teams to plan project requirements and success factors.  • Developed status reports, cost estimates, and resource plans.  • Implemented and maintained development best practices and lessons learned.  Defense Finance & Accounting Services (DFAS)  • Established project management policies and guidelines for the Defense Finance & Accounting Services (DFAS) Corporate Information Infrastructure (DCII) group as well as provide project office support to the DFAS project managers.  Hogan & Hartson's  • Took control of the project that was behind schedule; reorganized the development effort and completed project on time; defined development procedures for future projects. The effort entailed improving the project management, requirements gathering and project estimating processes.    Michael Baker Corporation  • Managed the Mapping Needs Assessment Update System (MNUS) as well as led the effort to define and implement their development processes.    Internal  • Managed a technical team responsible for developing over 20 internal applications during an 18-month period; provided management support and validated and prioritized requests; developed intranet application that enabled company to screen and monitor over 15,000 consultants on staff.  Qualisys  • Managed the Qualisys project this effort was to enhance the Physical Exam Review System. The system is for managing the processes and data involved in the review of occupational health services  Andersen Consulting  • Led the development team for Andersen Consulting's Intranet Financial Application group, which provided on-demand executive management reporting for 200+ executives in Andersen's Resources Market Unit  MCI  • Led the development of the feasibility modelling application for the Business Analyst and Planning group of MCI.  Cooper and Lybrand  • Provided systems analysis and programming support to Coopers and Lybrand, MCI and other clients as assigned.  Early Career  • Accomplished 10 year development career specialized in Object Oriented Analysis, Design and Development with extensive experience with various development life-cycles.  • Specialized in requirement gathering and providing excellent development estimates.  • Led various teams specializing in Microsoft development suite for the initial versions of Visual Studio  • In-depth knowledge of Database management system (i.e. SQL Server, Oracle, MS Access and MySQL)  • Experienced in leading and mentoring developers to maximize productivity, while forming team cohesive environment.  • Experienced in large and complex software development projects for government and private entities. Education Business Administration Eastern Mennonite University Skills Project plan, Project plans, Ms project, Data analysis, Database, Ms access, Ms sql server, Sql server, Mysql, Oracle, Pl/sql, Sql, Sql queries, Rollout, Sharepoint, T-sql, Ms office, Forecasting, Optimization, Mitigation Additional Information KEY COMPETENCIES  • A strong understanding of Agile, SCRUM, Lean and Waterfall methodologies.  • Creating Project Kick off materials and facilitate kick-off meetings  • Developing and drive high-level project milestones and detailed project plan  • Communicating project plans, status, and critical issues to project stakeholders and sponsors  • Providing Weekly Project Plan and schedule updates to Portfolio Manager and project team  • Identifying all dependent tasks and resourced  • Resource forecasting  • Motivating leadership skills with the ability to foster cooperation and maximum productivity in both matrix and non-matrix environments  • Leading project to completion through defined stage gates, deliverable and approvals  • Managing roadblocks by identifying issues early and proactively identifying solutions and escalating as appropriate  • Ensure necessary Testing is completed  • Manage the project scope, schedule, and financials evaluating the impact of key decisions on these triple constraints and escalating as required  • Facilitating project change request process  • Maintaining Project Document  • Managing Risk Mitigation plan  • Ensuring Rollout Plan is documented and communicated  • Facilitating implementation planning and coordinate cut over activities  • Lead post- project analysis to capture Lessons Learned to guide future projects  • Use, champion and improvements to the project methodology, tools, and artifact template.  • Data processing: Deep knowledge of database theory, design, planning, security, SQL Queries, data analysis and optimization with tools such as, MS SQL Server, T-SQL, Oracle, PL/SQL, MySQL, and MS Access as well as others.  • Experienced with MS Office Suite, including MS Project, Project Server, SharePoint, Access, Excel as well as a quick learner of new tools.