Director of Information Systems Director of Information Systems Director of Technology Austin, TX Over 25 years' experience in managing IT infrastructure projects, teams and support issues for mixed platform environments. Experienced in planning, evaluating, directing, tracking, analyzing and coordinating multiple complex projects and programs. Experience in planning, organizing, implementing, and supporting LAN/WAN network administration solutions, point of sales systems, desktop management standards, and training curriculums. Proven problem solving and trouble shooting skills. Demonstrated project management and implementation experience in providing solid approaches to solving IT problems and improving infrastructure. Created detailed documentation for project processes. Proven track record with client satisfaction, team leadership, and project management. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Director of Information Systems Torchy's Tacos - Austin, TX November 2015 to Present November 2015 to Present  ? Helped lead Torchy's Tacos from a regional brand into a national brand, doubling the number of stores and sales within three years.  ? Manage all Information Technology aspects of Torchy's Tacos Headquarters and its restaurant locations. Duties include technology integration, telephony (VOIP), operations, project and program management, strategic planning and execution, budgeting, compliance, Point Of Sales, contracting, negotiating, and business process re-engineering.  ? Completely re-engineered technology with a focus on enterprise, scalable system integration to allow for growth into national market. Changes implemented increased uptime, added functionality and decreased headcount, while providing a better customer experience.  ? Led projects to replace Point-Of-Sale, Online Ordering platform, website, and ecommerce portal.  ? Increased Uptime with initiatives to add Meraki routers for better control/monitoring, internet backups at every location, in-store communications system, auto-attendant, and 24/7 helpdesk.  ? Oversaw Level 1 PCI Compliance, including program creation, management, testing and audits Chief information Officer Shay Financial Services / Anthem Bank & Trust March 2012 to November 2015 March 2012 to November 2015  ? Manage all Information Technology aspects of Shay Financial Services and their subsidiary, Anthem Bank & Trust. Duties include technology Integration, operations, and project and program management, strategic planning and execution, budgeting, contracting, negotiating, and business process reengineering.  ? Enterprise VOIP/MPLS Program - Managed the migration of nine offices in four states from a multi-vendor digital/analog phone system and disjointed network to a unified Voice-Over IP phone system and an MPLS network. Fourteen month program/ projects included vendor/contract management, scheduling, coordination, status reporting, training, and compliance reviews. This program lowered overall internet and telephony costs while providing new functionality and inter-office connectivity.  ? Core Processing Implementation - Managed the enterprise-wide migration of the core banking software. Duties included vendor management, client implementation, training, coordination. Project completed on-time and on-budget.  ? Federal Compliance Program - Manage and represent company in multiple yearly federal and internal Information Technology compliance audits for the holding company and two of its subsidiaries. This includes vendor oversight, disaster recovery planning and testing, employee training, network monitoring and other compliance areas within Information Technology. Duties include vendor selection, project scheduling, executing and monitoring, as well as acting as point of contact for the federal auditors. IT Project Manager STORMS Center March 2007 to March 2012 Customer Care & Billing (CC&B) - Managed the Integration of six projects the $58 million citywide CC&B effort was dependent on for success. Approach included combining schedules, assigning Project Manager duties by department, and separating tasks in to two week windows.  ? Customer Outage Portal (External-Facing) - Project deployed the customer outage portal (STORMS Center) to an external-facing website to be used by media and the general public. This website will allow customers to report and check for updates on outages online.  ? Oracle Enterprise Migration - Project tasked with migrating business-critical applications from un-supported instances of Oracle to a consolidated Oracle 10g cluster. Responsibilities include overall project administration, including developing project schedule, developing test plans, establishing milestones, setting communications channels from team to management, and providing quality assurance to project deliverables. PMO Division Manager Austin Energy March 2010 to October 2010 Managed the utility's technology portfolio and Project Management Office responsible for executing approximately $100M in technology projects, many that were required to realize Austin Energy's Smart Grid. Austin Energy is the US's 9th largest public power utility that is at the forefront of the Smart Grid, which supports the organization's transformation into the "Utility of the Future". Support Desk Manager / IT Project Manager National Financial Partners, Inc February 2005 to March 2007 Managed IT Service Desk team, including hiring, discipline, reviews, bonuses, and career development.  ? Led server infrastructure build out project. Duties included business case, cost, design, budget, vendor evaluation, timeline, and construction. Project is 2 months ahead of schedule.  ? Technical Project Manager for bi-annual conference. Provide technology planning for 1000+ person meeting and manage on-site technical contractors. Includes scope, work breakdown structure, vendor management, and communication plan. Also provide quality assurance / feedback to project deliverables, lessons-learned presentations to executives, monitor on-site vendor contract compliance, and coordinate team responsibilities.  ? Lead successful project to merge Highland Capital (150+ person company) technology infrastructure with NFP. This includes on-site employees as well as remote office in Alabama. Duties included determining project methodology, initiating \ managing project plan, resource allocation, scheduling, team \ executive communications, and risk assessment \ mitigation. IT Project Manager Dell Computers, Inc February 2005 to October 2005 Enterprise Blade Server Production Release. Responsible for overall project administration, including developing project schedule, developing test plans, establishing milestones, setting communications channels from team to management, and providing quality assurance to project deliverables. Also, provided presentations to update, provide status, and present issues to executives and engineers that encompassed stand-alone and legacy \ integration issues. Project completed successfully and on-time. IT Project Manager Instinet, LLC January 2002 to September 2005 Project Lead for server migration project to homogenous Windows 2000 environment using ghosted images on all servers. Included scope, work breakdown structure, and change control process. Responsible for overall project administration and lead project team.  ? Managed remote office operations project using personnel-provided feedback, on-site network auditing, and change control acceptance. Duties include work breakdown structure, project team scheduling, individual assignments, quality assurance, and weekly progress meetings.  ? Led ongoing project to coordinate release schedules of software, upgrades, and patches to production servers. Included establishing quality assurance standards, creating review process, coordinating multiple project scheduling, and enforcing milestones to ensure continued improvement to customer experience.  ? Led security protocol lockdown project. Includes all production servers. Responsibilities include establishing budget, vendor contract management, executive presentation \ buy-in, defining integration needs, customer training, and defining project schedule. IT Project Manager Intellimark, Inc May 2001 to December 2001 Tom Thumb - Project manager responsible for the planning and on-site installation of Point of Sale systems using Visio to document business-flow and networking diagrams. Responsible for vendor scheduling and maintenance, project communication (issues, bugs, milestones, deadlines) to executive level, quality assurance of deliverables, and establish \ maintain customer service level throughout entire process.  ? Compaq - Ran the complete project life cycle of deployment for upgrading communications systems (includes POS, Telephony, and router configuration) for Compaq client. Including documentation of issues, executive communications, customer service and satisfaction, provided training, and delivered project ahead of schedule with 2/3 the manpower initially projected. Senior IT Project Manager / Engineer eChips, Inc May 2000 to April 2001 Managed ongoing project to coordinate changes to the site to ensure quick response to problems with links, content, etc. This was accomplished by creation of a coordinated project release schedule, establishing a consistent project methodology, and a rigid quality assurance standard. Results were Website downtime lowered by 10% and code rollback reduced by 80%.  ? Creation of Change/Version Control process for IT department and website code deployment.  ? Development and deployment of Intranet site including automated HR applications, Time and Attendance systems, and IT Helpdesk ticketing. Duties include initiating project plan, executive presentations for project need assessment, formation of team, assignment of duties, milestones, deadlines, and quality assurance. Added responsibilities included definition of integration needs with legacy HR systems, formation of internal customer feedback committee, and creation of online training modules. IT Project Manager Cap Gemini Consulting August 1998 to April 2000 Responsible for overall project administration and managing budget, schedules, and resources as a member of one of the world's largest consulting companies. For mostly Fortune 500 clients, responsible for all phases of the project lifecycle and ultimately responsible for project performance. Projects included:  ? American Express - Web Portal Project. Assembled project team, defined scope, assigned responsibilities, scheduling, and milestones. Prepared and delivered presentations to customers / executives. Coordinated and scheduled deployment of web portal while de-commissioning voice system.  ? Great Western Supply - eCommerce Online Portal Project. Assessed need / deployed network infrastructure to support their E-Commerce online office supply implementation. Responsibilities include defining scope, selling need to executives, defining project scheduling, milestones, vendor management, and customer training.  ? USAA - Software Versioning Project. Established a networked test lab environment to support the conversion for the remote distribution of software packages for a 25,000 desktop environment.  ? Deutsche Financial Bank - ISO 9000 Technology Support Project. Produced and ran certified ISO-9000 compliant test scenarios as modules, and as full end-to-end tests. Authored mission-critical testing plans for Cisco Routers, IBM AIX operating system, IBM RS/6000 Mainframes, NT 4.0 operating system, UNIX Servers, Solaris operating system, and Desktop Tools. Provided quality assurance to project deliverables and weekly updates \ presentations to management. IT Project Manager / Director Texas Adjutant General's Department November 1997 to August 1998 Managed the design / implementation of a 300 node network using Exchange, Proxy Server, IIS, SQL Server, and NT in a TCP/IP environment. Responsibilities and duties included overall project scope, plan, budget, compliance, project methodology, milestones, deadlines, communications to all interested parties, and Quality Assurance of all project deliverables.  ? Led Website \ Intranet project. Tasked to create/maintain Department website and Intranet site on IIS server. Defined integration needs with legacy systems as well as new equipment purchasing, which included vendor discovery and contract monitoring and compliance.  ? Managed the Desktop standardization project. Included cost breakdown, need-assessment, work breakdown structure, project methodology used, milestones, deadlines, and overall project management. Responsible for executive buy-in, as well as customer training curriculum. Tailored applications and appearance with program suites appropriate to each departments needs.  ? Prepare and deliver training for department personnel, executives, and IT Project Managers on all hardware and software projects within the department.  ? Disaster Recovery Project. Developed and implemented automation and disaster recovery plans within the department that was approved by the State of Texas Legislature. IT Project Manager Origin Systems January 1995 to October 1997 Network deployment Project. Developed business case, WBS, vendor discovery, and customer buy-in for implementation and deployment of 300 node network using Exchange, IIS, SQL Server, and NT in a TCP/IP environment.  ? Developed Change Management schemas and documentation  ? Assembled teams for short-term projects, assigned responsibilities, coordinated activities, and established milestones.  ? Provided Quality Assurance for project deliverables, milestones, and project methodology.  ? Managed time, resources, and budgets.  ? Helped establish project goals and legacy integration needs for systems \ business processes. Education Certification University of Texas - Austin, TX September 1986 to May 1989 University of Texas at Austin - Austin, TX 1986 to 1989 Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) July 2007 Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer (MCSE) February 2001 Microsoft Certified Trainer (MCT) June 2001