Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager - iBASEt Los Alamitos, CA • I am a 30-year veteran of the IT industry, with experience on various enterprise level projects as the project manager, including delivering software applications, infrastructure upgrades and deployments and other assignments. With an emphasis on MES projects  • I lead multi-disciplinary teams consisting of data center support, application support, database support, and computer security  • I am a highly flexible team contributor with demonstrated ability to lead complex projects (budgets of over $1M) from inception to implementation to fully operational status with global impact  • I am experienced in delivering high impact, persuasive presentations to all levels of the enterprise, from front line users to senior level management, including C-suite leadership and government customer representatives    Professional Summary  • Extensive hands on experience (over 20 years) with software application and infrastructure integration projects.  • Developed strategic plans related to program and project management best practices, application and infrastructure roadmaps, and financial roadmaps, in collaboration with business, service units, and enterprise stakeholders  • Worked with HR and Staffing Managers to develop workforce plans, identifying the necessary personnel required to meet the needs of active projects and other required activities  • Developed business plans to define capabilities needed to address the corporate needs utilizing advanced program management techniques and risk analysis techniques.  • Manage subordinate staff to include recruiting, training, performance and compensation management, motivating, delegating and monitoring results.  • Management systems, cost management, and document management  • Strong expertise in systems support management, extensive experience as Onsite Contractor, Project Lead, Technical Leader/Architect    Key Skills and Years of Experience  • Developing project roadmaps, change processes, risk management, project governance/portfolios/reports - 10+ years  • Participating in the project initiation efforts, including the business case development, project feasibility studies and stakeholder identification - 5+ years  • Experience as a manager of staff (3 to 10 engineers) - 10+ years  • Financial industry experience - 1 year  • Experience with Oracle Primavera P6 - 1 year  • Experience using Clarity and JIRA for project portfolio management - 1+ years  • Experience with software integration, including some COTS - 5+ years  • Experience with infrastructure projects - 5+ years  ? Delivering database cluster systems to support remote operations  ? Delivering storage solutions to support engineering requirements  • Experience managing vendors - 5 years  • Large corporation experience - 25+ years Work Experience Project Manager iBASEt - Foothill Ranch, CA March 2018 to Present • Project Manager on 6 Solumina implementations and sustainment projects  ? Focused on MES, Integration and Test, MRO  • Managed full Project Life Cycle  • Supported on-site workshops at customer locations  • Utilized standard Project Management tools  ? MS Office  ? MS Project  ? JIRA  • Developed project documentation to support project planning Project Manager Pipeline Software - Santa Ana, CA November 2015 to April 2016 • Project Manager on several Pipeline Maxavera Integration projects supporting the Nuclear and Fossil power industries  ? Utilized Waterfall and SDLC management methodologies  ? Developed project documentation to support project planning  ? Conducted project planning workshops  • Worked with both internal and external management teams to provide timely communications and project status reporting Project Manager / Business Analyst Flatirons Solutions - Irvine, CA January 2015 to September 2015 • Project Manager on several Deltek ERP and Costpoint integration projects  ? Utilized Waterfall and SDLC management methodologies  ? Developed UAT test cases and conducted testing sessions  • Member of Business Information Processing management team  ? Developed strategic planning analysis  ? Developed analyses of customer surveys  ? Provided recommendations as to new staffing levels  ? Worked with all levels of corporate management Project Manager City National Bank - Los Angeles, CA April 2013 to April 2014 • Responsible for the upgrade 4000 systems from Windows XP to Windows 7  ? Reported to the CNB Project Management Office (PMO)  ? Used MS Project and MS Excel to manage the project rollout  ? Utilized full Project Management Life Cycle / Software Life Cycle  ? Provided full project documentation - Project status reports, project plans, delivery documents, project closure documents. etc.  • I had to coordinate with department managers to develop the implementation plan for their organization. This included application identification, OS compatibility testing, and managing the deployment process IT Manager / Project Manager - IT Solutions Engineering PMO Northrop Grumman - Redondo Beach, CA January 2008 to November 2012 • Provided IT project management/application development support to the NGAS Aerospace Engineering - Systems Integration, Test and Evaluation Directorate. I was involved in all aspects of IT support. Application development and management.  • Database Management Systems Oracle10g including data replication and Oracle 10g Real Application Cluster  • Establishing sector wide database cluster environments  • Responsible for the desktop environmental improvement project which included migrating the AS sector to Windows 7  • Provide a systems engineering perspective in order to see the "big picture" and direct efforts appropriately on prioritized tasks. Lead Software Developer / Project Manager Northrop Grumman - Redondo Beach, CA December 1997 to January 2008 • Responsible for the development and maintenance of a homegrown MES application to support the integration and test of space hardware for both commercial and Government customers  ? Utilized full SDLC  ? Coordinated with both project and Customer management team Software Developer Northrop Grumman - Redondo Beach, CA October 1995 to December 1997 • Provided software development support to several programs. This included gathering requirements, developing and testing applications and providing user support  ? Developed payload test applications for Government programs  * Required a close working relationship with the systems and hardware engineers Project Manager Hughes Information Technology Co - El Segundo, CA May 1984 to October 1995 • Performed as the software manager for a team of up to 10 software engineers. They were responsible to develop application for hardware testing and validation. This also included applications for command and control of the hardware.  ? Primary responsible for the development and maintenance of command and control ground systems used in testing space hardware as well as the performance test applications Education Masters of Science in Systems Management University of Southern California December 1992 Bachelor of Science in Computer Science California State University Dominguez Hills March 1984