Sr. IT Director Sr. <span class="hl">IT</span> Director Windermere, FL o Performance-Driven leadership offering over 20 years of innovative and result driven technology across various industry settings; PMP, MIS, and MBA credentials; Transformational leader with the able to manage large project teams and known for high-quality deliverables that meet or exceed timeline and budgetary targets; Strong leadership and relationship building/management skills, capable of motivating individuals to maximize levels of productivity while forming a cohesive team environment.  o Business strategist; plan, manage, and execute multimillion-dollar complex projects aligning business goals with technology solutions to drive process improvements, competitive advantage and bottom-line gains. Consistently raises the bar in continuous improvement of business methodologies and processes.  o Effective communicator; leverage technical, business and financial awareness to communicate efficiently and effectively with IT and business executives and their respective teams. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr. IT Director Hilton Grand Vacations (HGV) - Orlando, FL August 2017 to Present Responsible for providing strategic and operational oversight for all Corporate Enterprise Systems functions across the Globe. I partner with various departments across HGV - including Sales, Marketing, Recruiting, Human Resources, Finance, Treasury, Legal, Procurement and Club - to align Corporate Enterprise Systems initiatives.  Key Responsibilities:  ? Digital Transformation - Implement Corporate Enterprise Systems Cloud-Based SaaS solution (Taleo, HCM, Payroll, ERP, Procurement, Concur, EPM, Treasury, Legal) on a Global Single Instance (GSI)  ? Foster an IT work and cross-functional environment that enables team member engagement, innovation and rapid quality solution  ? Partner & Build strong relationship with C-Level Executive on organizational strategy  ? Coordinate and manage all Corporate Systems vendor relationships  ? Ensure adherence of SOX, PII, PCI and other industry best practice security frameworks  ? Built Corporate Enterprise Systems Department as a result of Hilton / HGV spinoff  ? Attract and recruit world-class professionals to be part of the organization IT Director MetLife, Inc - Cary, NC January 2014 to August 2017 Responsible for leading the overall Corporate System IT development team for global PeopleSoft Human Capital Management and Financial accounting applications implementation in the United States, Latin America, Europe, and Asia. I have led various complex, enterprise wide cross-team strategic business initiatives, including Merger and Acquisitions (M&A), Third Party Application (TPA) Integrations and vendor transition services.  Key Responsibilities:  ? Implementation of global PeopleSoft HCM and Financial accounting systems platforms including Purchasing module used by Regional Business Operations - US, LATAM, EMEA, and ASIA  ? Ariba Procure-to-Pay integration with PeopleSoft Financials  ? Manage multiple Enterprise strategic Operational Business Programs on a global platform with oversight over the program and project teams including consultants with a main focus on continuous operational efficiency, effectiveness and responsive improvements  ? Provide direct support to executive and senior management on strategic initiatives  ? Work with Executive Sponsors and Business Leads to define project scope  ? Create and maintain a team environment that is built on trust, collaboration and transparency  ? Mentor and develop project team members; provide meaningful, constructive feedback while promoting a positive, collaborative culture  ? Manage Vendor relationship by measuring performance delivery against operational SLA  ? Assist with our Information Technology relocation hub from the Northeast to Cary, North Carolina Sr. IT Project Manager MetLife, Inc - Tampa, FL December 2007 to December 2013 Responsible for operational readiness of project deliverables for 7 applications delivering business functions within Corporate Systems across various technology / infrastructure platform. Additionally, I worked on special stretch assignments assigned directly by our Vice- President while managing the financial budget, forecasting and all phases of the project life cycle within my existing portfolio.  ? Responsible for managing the system development project life cycle - Inception, Analysis, Design, Development, Validation, and Deployment  ? Responsible for understanding and managing all financial aspect of the budgeting and forecasting including SOW.  ? Work closely with senior business partners evaluating strategies, priorities, and business objectives while still maintaining / supporting business as usual activities on a day basis  ? Strengthened the IT and Business Partnership within a cross-functional organization  ? Improved efficiencies and effectiveness by streamlining Corporate practices Education Master of Information Systems in MIS University of Phoenix January 2006 to January 2007 Master's in Business Administration University of Phoenix September 2004 to January 2006 Certifications/Licenses PMP