Program Manager Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> Program Manager San Diego, CA Program and Project Manager with strong technical and business acumen. Focused on results for both the business and its clients. Successful at defining and executing projects and programs for the implementation of; hardware, software, IT services, process improvement and business transformation. Experience working on programs and projects utilizing both waterfall and agile methodologies. Strong customer and stakeholder management skills. Successfully mitigates risks and issues to manage escalations. Excels at managing changing priorities. Comfortable communicating with all levels of the organization and clients. Certified Lean Six Sigma (LSS) and program Management Professional (PgMP). Seeking a leadership position in Program/ Project management. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Program Manager HP, Inc - San Diego, CA August 2014 to Present ·        Manages multiple complex programs for new product and service introduction  ·        Collaborates with internal business partners on business transformation programs and projects   ·        Development of roadmap/strategy for short- and long-term resource planning  ·        Manage new design or re-order efforts with the project teams to ensure compliance to technical specifications without scope creep, schedule or budget overruns.  ·        Provides guidance on which project management methodology (Waterfall or Agile) will provide the correct structure of delivery of the project objectives  ·        Resource management of direct and leveraged team members   ·        Facilitates communication between team, stakeholders, sponsors and clients   ·        Identifies and mitigates issues and risks to prevent escalations or delay to deliverables   ·        Collaborates with finance/accounting teams to understand budget and cost/revenue projects   ·        Maintains documentation on project deliverables, reports and presentations.  ·       Responsible for process improvement within cross functional teams.  ·       Identifies opportunities for automation, innovation and process improvement. Senior IT Project Manager HP Enterprise Services - San Diego, CA October 2004 to August 2014 ·        Concurrently managed ten to twenty complex projects for various clients   ·        Determined project methodology be used for delivery of hardware, peripherals, network equipment, software, applications, and security services  ·        Managed change control for version updates and releases  ·        Maintains documentation on project deliverables, reports and presentations.  ·        Managed direct and leveraged projects teams of up to 20 individuals  ·        Provided mentoring and coaching for direct and leveraged teams   ·        Directed third party vendors for site survey and network/telephony installation  ·        Facilitated communication to key stakeholders, project team and client  ·        Responded to installation and break fix issues to prevent escalations   ·        Mitigated risks and issues to prevent project delays  ·        Worked with finance team on capital and operational budgets for projects   ·        Collaborated with supply chain to ensure delivery of equipment to project timelines  ·         Improved on time delivery of equipment by creating re-use tracking system  ·         Worked with PMO office to create standard and flexible project plans  ·         Identified opportunities for automation, innovation and process improvement. Education Master's in Information Systems University of Phoenix-San Diego Campus - San Diego, CA 1999 to 2001 Bachelor in Business San Diego State - San Diego, CA August 1994 to May 1997 Skills Program Management, PMI, Project Management, PMP Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/thomas-hicke-a16a341 Certifications/Licenses PgMP (Program Manager Professional November 2018 to Present Program Management Professional LSS Green Belt December 2016 to Present ITIL Foundations V3 November 2015 to Present Assessments Supervisory Skills: Directing Others — Highly Proficient July 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to motivate the performance of others through feedback to identify improvements or corrective actions. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/zvuxdu3gczxsxz4w Project Management Skills: Budgeting — Expert July 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to manage project budgets by appropriately allocating and monitoring financial resources. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/mzzd05sy1z1-g8x Project Management Skills: Time Management — Completed May 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to prioritize and allocate time to effectively achieve project deliverables. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/k10e98yahtoubhta Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information Areas of Expertise  Program management Project Management Operations Management Resource Management  Vendor Management Financial Forecasting Cost Models Budgeting  Process Improvement Risk Management Technical Writing Lifecycle Management  Advanced MS Office MS Project Server Advanced Smart Sheet Primavera