IT Program Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Program Manager - ASM Research Chantilly, VA Program Manager effective in leading and directing software development projects from inception to launch. More than 10 years of progressive management experience and repeated success in developing project initiatives, directing project plans and achieving revenue performance targets. Personable manager with excellent soft skills whom is successful at building strong relationships. Manages large and complex projects while maintaining high team morale and energy. Skilled mentor and mediator who excels at bringing out the best in team members. Able to merge customer and user needs with business requirements, budgetary restrictions and logistical considerations to meet project deliverables. Possess superior communication skills in working with technical and non-technical personnel and seek to develop collaborative relationships. Work Experience IT Program Manager ASM Research October 2017 to Present * Responsible for program business development, achieved increases in revenue of > $4M within the last year. Supports the Department of Defense and Department of the Army clients.  * Establishes technical governance and provides mentorship of software development processes to project teams. Member of the Software Engineering Progress Group within ASM Research, delivering CMMI Level 3 process management services to the ASM Research enterprise.  * Develops budgets, subcontracts, and software license procurements to support existing contracts. Writes technical proposals to develop new business opportunities. IT Project Manager ASM Research January 2013 to October 2017 * Responsible for the day-to-day tactical duties for a highly complex technical project.  * Managed teams using business intelligence lifecycle management techniques to delivered solution customized COTS application, MicroStrategy, which supports the production of reports, dashboards, and metrics for the Sexual Assault Prevention and Response Office.  * Actively apply a variety of methodologies to achieve development goals to include Agile, Scrum, ITIL, Waterfall, CMMI and PMBOK.  * Supervised multiple Task Orders on the Defense Sexual Assault Incident Database (DSAID) project concurrently with budgets ranging from $400 thousand to $2.5 million with an overall contract ceiling of $20 million.  * Lead development of customized reports for the POTUS, US Congress, and Department of Defense. Delivered on time and within budget. Significantly reduced the number of human resource hours to produce the 56 reports. Originally, it would take approximately 4 months for the Armed services to produce all reports. Now all reports are generated within 10 minutes.  * Lead systems administration and maintenance of Oracle 11g and SQL Server 2012 systems.  * Project teams consisted on 3-14 technical resources, including external sub-contractors, and software vender personnel. Project Coordinator/Business Analyst ASM Research April 2011 to January 2013 * Maintain project plans, schedule, and served as liaison between project team and client.  * Developed custom SharePoint sites for team coordination, content management, and workflow management. Developed customized Team Foundation Server project management tool.  * Excellent communication, lead team meetings and software demonstrations.  * Reviewed requirements to design software graphic user interface with wireframes.  * Implemented CMMI level 3 processes within the project. Project Coordinator/GIS Analyst Zimmerman and Associates October 2008 to March 2011 * Supported FEMA contract to develop improved flood plain management system.  * Served as team lead, coordinated schedules, task priority, and provided status reports.  * Hydrologic and hydrologic engineering analysis.  * Geographic Information System development utilizing ESRI and HEC-PRO tools. Education M.S. Information Technology in Project Management University of Maryland University College 2013 B.A. in Geographic Information Systems George Mason University 2009 Skills Project Management, Agile, Microsoft Project, Scrum Master, Visio, Change Management Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/JOGV23