IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Gilbert, AZ More than 12 years IT project experience with earned promotions and expanded responsibilities. Drives results by understanding the client’s vision, strategically defines the critical path and leads the team to the ideal solution in the most efficient way. Expertise in managing multiple technical teams with direct development impacts and coordinating test teams to support end-to-end integration and user testing. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager Axon Enterprise, Inc. - Scottsdale, AZ 2018 to Present Responsible for the planning, management, implementation and control of IT projects. Align with business partners on strategy and goals for IT projects within the organization. Work closely with business and technology stakeholders to define project scope and deliverables. Manage project team, timeline, budget and external vendor relationships.  • Lead project manager for MS Dynamics 365 FO ERP implementation IT Project Manager MATRIX Resources - Tempe, AZ 2017 to 2018 Contractor for Axon Enterprise, Inc.    Managed and prioritized project work streams in order to maximize the value delivered to the Finance  organization. Coordinated project deliverables across functional areas within the organization and external independent software vendor partners. Engaged with business leaders to plan and drive  adoption of new programs post-deployment. Proactively provided status updates to project  stakeholders, identified and communicated project dependencies, risks and risk mitigation plans.  • Managed MS AX 2012 implementation of treasury automation software suite; developed custom user training and coordinated on-site vendor support for business adoption.  • Managed implementation of RFgen inventory barcode application to automate warehouse inventory tracking. Agile Program Manager American Express - Phoenix, AZ 2016 to 2017 Facilitated technical delivery program level initiatives with the Global Compliance and Regulation team.  Managed projects from initiation through implementation and 90-day warranty. Proactively provided  status updates to project stakeholders, identified and communicated project dependencies & risks and managed project financials via CA Clarity. Collaborated with Product Owners on strategy and  encouraged collaboration across multiple technical teams to deliver the program vision. Worked closely  with System Architects to identify opportunities for continuous improvement and reduce time to market.  • Led medium cross-functional project for the Argentina market that ensured compliance with local Consumer Defense laws to maintain brand integrity and avoid government penalties.  • Managed large cross-functional project for the Argentina market that ensured Data Retention compliance.  • Led large cross-functional project for the Argentina market that ensured Anti-Money Laundering (AML) and Sanctions compliance. Defined project release strategy that resulted in $268K cost avoidance. Utilized existing project to implement 4 change requests that saved $86K. Lead Project Manager American Express - Phoenix, AZ 2011 to 2015 Led technical delivery projects for the Latin America Global Corporate Card product team. Managed  projects from initiation through implementation and 90-day warranty. Proactively provided status  updates to project stakeholders, identified and communicated project dependencies & risks and managed project financials via CA Clarity. Worked closely with various internal business partners to  define and document project high-level business needs and requirements.  • Led large cross-functional project for the Mexico market that ensured AML and Sanctions compliance  • Managed medium cross-functional project for the Mexico market to resolve $1M loss of revenue due to miscalculated fees within the accounts receivable platform  • Led large cross-functional project for the Argentina and Brazil markets to close gaps in the accounts receivable platform to support general ledger reporting Senior Business Systems Analyst American Express - Phoenix, AZ 2007 to 2011 Documented high-level business needs and requirements for the US Corporate Card technical delivery  team. Provided regular updates to business stakeholders, project managers and directors. Worked  closely with project stakeholders to define project requirements and technical methods of change.  Collaborated with the Quality Assurance team to define test activities. Education Master's in Business Administration University of Phoenix - Phoenix, AZ May 2004 Bachelor's in Biochemistry Arizona State University - Tempe, AZ December 2002 Skills ERP (2 years), Sharepoint (8 years), Azure Dev Ops (2 years), Product Development (10+ years), Detail Oriented (10+ years), Regulatory Compliance (3 years), Application Enhancement (10+ years), Change Management (10+ years), SDLC (10+ years), Agile Scrum (4 years), Scaled Agile Framework (1 year), Project Management (8 years), Project Coordination (10+ years), Business Analysis (10+ years), Vendor Management (2 years), Process Improvement (10+ years), Program Management (4 years), International Project Management (5 years), Quality Assurance (10+ years), Data Analysis (10+ years), Business Transformation (10+ years), Continuous Improvement (10+ years), Risk Assessment (10+ years), Risk Management (10+ years), Microsoft Office (10+ years), Cross-Functional Team Leadership (8 years), Time Management (10+ years), Problem Resolution (10+ years), Training (10+ years), Effective Communications (10+ years), ServiceNow (2 years), Microsoft AX 2012 R2 (2 years), Microsoft Dynamics 365 Finance & Operations (1 year), Information Technology, PM, Scrum Master, Waterfall, Software Development, CSM, CSM, Software Development Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/consuelo-a-farris Certifications/Licenses Certified Professional Scrum Master I January 2015 to Present Certified SAFe 4 Agilist April 2019 to April 2020