Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager - Ignite2X Macungie, PA Work Experience Project Manager Ignite2X August 2015 to Present • Coordinate cross-team resources for various projects, while closely tracking budget, project schedule, tasks, and resource allocation using Liquid Planner, a comprehensive project management tool.  • Document project requirements, project status reports, meeting minutes, and creative briefs.  • Post, share, and update project documentation and status via Dropbox, Sharepoint, myCloud, and Trello.  • Manage marketing, advertising, social media, and web projects for various businesses including Zebra Pen  and Gratify Foods.  • Schedule and lead project meetings with project stakeholders and/or internal teams.  • Create and manage project plans utilizing project management software and Microsoft Word.  • Assist Account Executives in project costing and proposals. Senior Project Manager Liquid Interactive May 2013 to June 2015 Managed IT projects with responsibilities including project planning, business analysis, requirements  documentation, forecasting resource requirements, managing schedule, scope, cost, and solution delivery with the ability to support multiple simultaneous projects.  • Delivered web and digital marketing solutions to large organizations including Mack Trucks, Olympus,  Victaulic, Teva Pharmaceuticals, and Aesculap.  • Managed diverse global teams including technical resources, account executives, designers, strategists, third  party contractors, and business stakeholders.  • Acted as primary contact between internal team members and stakeholders. Ability to thoroughly  understand business needs and communicate solutions to the business.  • Provided significant input into the organizations project portfolio including prioritization, resource  scheduling, revenue forecasting, budget management, and risk analysis and remediation.  • Led the implementation of Mavenlink portfolio and project management system. The project decreased  project management related costs by 50% and significantly improved visibility to schedule and budget  compliance. Project Manager Rodale Inc June 2004 to May 2013 • Primary responsibilities included managing Marketing projects ensuring on-time, on-budget delivery of programs with high quality, meeting or exceeding client expectations.  • Responsible for the planning, coordination, communication and scheduling of activities related to business  marketing projects.  • Communicated with marketing managers, project managers, business owners, email delivery team, brand  web producers, and ad sales reps to gather requirements, review project status and feedback, and discuss  business initiatives.  • Created project plans, wireframes, meeting minutes, marketing and functional specifications, and customized  project status reports. Estimate project scope, manage site requests, update executive dashboards, and assign and track project status.  • Managed and supported the on-going demands of incoming unplanned, and/or urgent requests.  Coordinated the reallocation of resources for time sensitive requests. IT Project Manager MMWeb September 2003 to April 2004 Managed cross-disciplinary projects, including identification of milestones, creation of schedules, allocation  of resources, securing client materials, and managing client review and approvals.  • Managed the scope, budget and schedule for assigned projects. Identify the need for and create change  orders.  • Facilitated collaboration and communication between interdisciplinary teams.  • Selected and managed external project-related vendors and contractors as necessary. Project Manager/Web Designer GlaxoSmithKline December 2000 to September 2003 Served as project lead/ manager in design and development of intranet web sites and portal  communities.  • Managed web development team including web designers, developers, and database  administrators.  • Controlled planning and execution of project activities and resources.  • Generated project plans, functional and design specifications, timelines, and status reports.  • Met with clients to collect and analyze project/business requirements.  • Led project meetings with clients and web developers.  • Developed, published, and updated our business unit's intranet web sites. Education B.S. in Elementary Education and Early Childhood Kutztown University May 1995