IT Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Manager Milwaukee, WI Extensive Information Technology experience covering a variety of systems, methodologies, technologies, tools and platforms, spanning Internet/Intranet, client server, midrange and mainframe environments. Have considerable experience in staff management using a hands-on coaching style. Responsibilities have included functional management, project management, business analysis, data warehouse design, development, and implementation and hardware/software evaluations. These experiences frequently involved interaction with top company executives and managers.    Key Assets: Particular strengths involve the capability to quickly assimilate business models and technologies to provide creative alternative solutions. Having the ability to leverage technology to provide strategic business advantage to an organization. Consistent record of reducing costs in areas managed Work Experience IT Manager SPI Lighting - Mequon, WI April 2017 to June 2019 Managed entire IT function for 20M manufacturing company  • Designed and managed the replacement of 12 physical server infrastructure to Nutanix  • Reduced IT staff by taking advantage of Hyperconverged infrastructure  • Implemented offsite support of Desktop, Server, Network and Help Desk  • Implemented new phone system and increased WAN bandwidth and network resiliency  • Migrated email from onsite Exchanger server to Office 365 and implemented across desktop environment. Varied Freelance Consulting Assignments April 2013 to January 2017 Project Manager  Managed enhancement process program for legacy systems, and also managed the small project portfolio.  • Managed quarterly release cycle of program and system enhancements to legacy and non-SAP systems.  • Managed vendor selection and implementation of Cloud based third party risk assessment application.  • Managed upgrade of offline cloud-based backup infrastructure  • Managed small project portfolio for efforts less than $50,000, total portfolio budget $2,100.000  Release Manager  Managed from inception, scope and requirements phase of the quarterly release containing twelve projects.  • Managed 6 project managers in the development and approval of the deliverables before transitioning for IT development.  • Worked closely with business and IT to identify major feature quantifiable business value against development cost.  Project Manager  Managed the project in the marketing re-branding of bank to communicate new capabilities of the bank. Managed project to implement new technology platform in support of the banks new product lines.  • Managed the effort of releasing a new brand, which included new logo, graphics, tag lines and brand messaging.  • Managed rollout of 420 thin client devices to replace existing windows desktop and laptops devices.  • Managed configuration and wiring of new facility from server room to desktop.  Project Manager  Worked with IT planning department to develop the project portfolio for review by senior management for determination of projects to be run in 2014  • Managed project for identification of clinical and revenue cycle archive solution  • Develop business case and defined costs for implementation of a Enterprise Content Management (ECM) system  Project Manager  Manage projects in the Enterprise Data Services and Business Intelligence space  • Managed project to incorporate CRM data elements into Enterprise Data Service  • Managed resource team in implementing data model for new CRM.  • Developed standardized process for transition of new services to support team Business Project Manager Molina HealthCare of Wisconsin - West Allis, WI December 2011 to April 2013 Rockwell Automation (Employee) Milwaukee, WI Project Manager July 2009 to September 2011 Managing the Web Customer Experience program with the directive to improve the overall customers experience when using Rockwell Automation websites.  • Implemented infrastructure to support Interwoven web content management software  • Managed implementation for server farm to support new web environment.  • Managed the development and implementation of new Allen Bradley site ab.com Project Manager Northwestern Mutual - Milwaukee, WI March 2007 to June 2009 Managed projects that brought significant value and maturity in the Service Management arena of the companies I was consulting with.  • Streamline On and Off boarding and access control processes to reduce lost time  • Managed Project portfolio system, to analyze and control project development costs  • Production forward schedule of change, which greatly reduced change collisions  • Release Management process to refine changes and produce higher quality results    Newell Rubbermaid (Employee) St. Francis, WI IT Manager June 2002 to August 2006 Responsible for the management of all Information Technology and Telecommunication related assets and resources and infrastructure within the Shur-Line division of Newell Rubbermaid.  • Implemented document management system.  • Upgraded network infrastructure including facility wide wireless coverage.  • Developed Data Warehouse/Business Intelligence systems for Sales, Manufacturing and Distribution departments.  • Implemented supply chain document control system.  • Implemented standardized help desk protocol to improve speed of problem resolution.  • Reduced Cost of Ownership through implementation of Technology Refresh Cycle  • Delivered year to year budget savings of 8 - 10%  • Developed cost saving innovations that were adopted corporate wide  • Implemented cross plant communication protocol between USA and China Education PMP Computer Science University of Nebraska at Omaha - Biloxi, MS Skills .NET, ACTIVE SERVER PAGES, HTML, JAVASCRIPT, LOTUSSCRIPT, PERL, SCRIPTING, VBSCRIPT, XML, ADABAS, DB2, INFORMIX, INGRES, MS ACCESS, SQL SERVER, ORACLE, SQL, DHTML, INTERDEV, VISUAL INTERDEV