Warehouse Worker Warehouse Worker Seasoned worker - lots of experience Minneapolis, MN More than 15 years experience in the state government and financial institution sectors as a business systems analyst. Results oriented with success in a variety of environments:  • Created the first new hire background investigation program for a state agency in California (the program is still in use).  • Annually negotiated a vendor contract for a California Department of Motor Vehicles (DMV)  project that provided access to DMV records for several Superior Courts.  • Successful installation and support of computers for 18 users.  • Editing documentation and beta testing of websites from a users' perspective.  • Proofreading technical documents, contracts, and internal communication in both a state  government and a financial institution. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Warehouse Worker Amazon - Eagan, MN November 2018 to Present Eagan, MN  Perform a variety of warehouse-related jobs including stowing packages into alphabetical spurs, working in all phases of small sorts, special projects as assigned by managers, setting a positive work example for other employees as suggested by management. IT Consultant/Contractor Self-employed (IT Consulting Services) - San Francisco, CA May 2011 to December 2017 • Technical writer responsible for proofing and editing of training documentation for a startup company that provided the materials to companies (e.g., Salesforce).  • Managed a proof-of-concept project (for a major bank) that evaluated antifraud solutions for its commercial customers.  • Successfully implemented e-mail testing and online surveys for a mortgage broker company.  • Supported interface design and quality assurance of website templates for Dramalist.com (a company that hosted websites for actors). IT Project Manager Judicial Council of California - San Francisco, CA January 2005 to May 2011 Managed an enterprise-wide project providing access to the California DMV databases for 13 California Superior Courts via a centralized technology center. This included vendor relationship management, risk mitigation, contract negotiations, and mediation. Education B.S. in Organizational Behavior University of San Francisco - San Francisco, CA Skills Microsoft Office Suite (10+ years), Documentation (10+ years), Proofreading (10+ years) Assessments Attention to Detail: Inventory — Proficient August 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to apply systematic processes for managing and storing products and merchandise. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/dfdapzkrl0ueon1h Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information Specialties  MS Office, editing and proofreading, documentation, mediation, and presentations.