IT Project Manager (Consultant) <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> (Consultant) IT Project Manager - Ameren Los Angeles, CA Currently consulting onsite in St. Louis, MO Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager (Consultant) Ameren April 2019 to Present Management of three Cybersecurity projects for Identity Access Management, Customer IAM, and Privileged Access Management  • Managing the onboarding to SailPoint of 130 SOX related applications, databases and servers for aggregation, provisioning and certification.  • Implementing ForgeRock to support customer identity access management and login to Ameren.com  • Replacing existing NAM solution with a PAM vendor to support privileged access management.  • Managing project to standup EKS(Kubernetes) cloud infrastructure to support implementation of ForgeRock  • Promoting transformation towards agile practices through use of Confluence, JIRA and ServiceNow Kanban boards. IT Project Manager/Agile Coach - consultant Investors Business Daily - Los Angeles, CA December 2018 to April 2019 Management of Digital mobile/web consumer sites & introduction of salesforce cloud solutions  • Hands on scrum master/ project manager for consumer facing digital media sites and introduction of salesforce sales and service, salesforce marketing cloud  • Introducing JWplayer and video content delivery network(cdn) for media streaming direct to customers and on-demand  • Introduction of SalesForce sales & service to manage complaints through crm.  • Introduction of SalesForce Marketing Cloud to manage campaigns through newsletters, email.  • Setup of best practice agile through confluence engagement pages and JIRA projects  • Daily project management managing delivery of enhancements to www.investors.com. (WordPress, .net)  • Daily enhancements to digital consumer tools SwingTrader and LeaderBoard for dynamic online stock analysis. IT Project Manager (Consultant) Centene March 2018 to November 2018 Management of Business Intelligence & Financial Analytics projects  • Hands on scrum master/ project Mgr of 6 scrum/Kanban project teams using BI/EDW/Informatica  • Experience with big data, security, dashboards/cubes consumed by internal and external customers.  • Agile coach to the Business Intelligence - Financial Analytics division.  • Mentoring 6 project managers new to JIRA and Agile.  • Introduced code versioning practice with Bitbucket  • Created confluence landing pages for interactive statuses and prioritization with business partners. Expanded use of JIRA through automated confluence dashboards to communicate and prioritize across business and technology.  • Introduced continuous improvement to erase technical debt and create process improvements. Senior Project Manager Scrubs & Beyond June 2017 to March 2018 Management of strategic digital initiatives for entrepreneurial, dynamic lean retail organization of 300 stores  • Daily project management of retail sites for Scrubs & Beyond, Uniform City.(Magento Platform)  • SEO projects to drive retail sales through digital content, affiliates, Salesforce Marketing emails, campaigns; Facebook, social media.  • Initiated and led use of JIRA, Slack, google analytics and Salesforce Marketing Cloud  • Aligned supply chain processes with internal and external dependencies to optimize digital customer experience  • Led strategic business transformation of digital strategy with third party logistics (3PL). Migration to first wholly owned warehouse, CMS and OMS  • Led scalability effort to enable territory reps use of a wizard to create digital microsites facing b2b clients.  • Redefined Product Owner role and led business transformation towards consumer driven digital products.  • Led migration to new strategic web partner and coordinated with extended vendors.  • Gathered requirements with Marketing Product owners and led introduction of Google analytics and Salesforce email marketing into digital environments.  • Management of business/technology processes and transformation through new Warehouse Management System, Order Management System and Customer Relationship Management system. Introduction of web services and SaaS. Senior Project Manager (Consultant) USDA-Rural Development Bank September 2016 to June 2017 Introduction of SOA backplane and JIRA for USDA Rural Development Bank program. A public-private bank partnership.  • Led introduction of JIRA to PMO. Initiating and leading JIRA committee including tech leads, business partners, product owners and project managers  • Introduced governance model for technology, business  • Led introduction of SOA to enterprise including web services, SaaS.  • Analysis of supporting SOA tools to enhance existing release management  • Introduced practice and support/training with development teams and business partners.  • Business Analysis of web services, UI web application forms and enterprise architecture Senior Project Manager Wells Fargo Advisors March 2012 to September 2016 Led introduction of Salesforce marketing solutions to leverage business intelligence as well as promote marketing campaigns both call center and email. Project management of digital consumer promotions for Lines of Credit and social media programs through Facebook. Led projects for Chief Risk Officer to bring all web facing applications to Wells Fargo Enterprise security standards. Introduced governance models for security along with a new Identity Access Management solution with entry points for help desk, web services and SOX compliance. Introduced Business Rules Engine for Trading System along with a governance model for oversight. Managed technical and business transformation to create reliable repeatable processes. Creation of delivery teams for programs/ projects Managed motivation/guidance of resources. Agile coaching for new business product owners, technical scrum masters.  • Led introduction of Salesforce marketing solutions for Marketing Product Owners.  • Introduced digital client facing mobile dashboards and heat maps to demonstrate opportunities for client portfolio mix and level of financial risk acceptance.  • Produced technical and business documents for SDLC  • Business analysis of back office systems, mobile/web and enterprise architecture  • Introduced secure code reviews and "Fortify" into the automated build & deploy release process; then created governance framework for CISO to resolve security vulnerabilities.  • Introduced new SharePoint engagement site for security review cycle.  • Completed internal and 3rd party code reviews for 120 external facing apps.  • Prepared remediation strategy for code vulnerabilities and presented to CIO/CRO/COO. Gave back $1MM to project sponsor by working with Infrastructure on router policies and baking changes into existing IT Release Governance.  • Led command center to reach out to Financial Advisors and promote technology and business best practices for Premiere Advisor program.  • Introduction of Identity Access Management and corporate governance model.  • Matured Identity Access Management by leading project to create corporate governance over external Financial Reporting and data attestation expectations of leaders by regulatory agencies.  • Leadership of program/ projects, scope, collaboration between technical and business partners, planning.  • Managed risks/dependencies and contingency planning across work streams  • Implemented steering team with change control and financial oversight  • Scrum Master for agile development teams new to agile. Managed sprint planning, story grooming, backlog, impediment resolution, retrospectives and coaching  • Guided teams through backlog management. Ensured velocity mapped to priorities including testing defects. Led teams through discovery and business review of features/user stories.  • Facilitated agile best practice discussions with teams  • Use of tools including Microsoft Project, JIRA, Version One, Rally. Created dynamic Excel solutions for financial and resource management  • Led introduction of SOA infrastructure and practice Project Manager - contract Save-A-Lot June 2011 to March 2012 Led workstreams to automate inventory ordering for fresh products by integrating supply chain solution with produce, milk and meat vendors.  • Project Management of applications for retail grocery point of sale and inventory control.  • Leadership of program/ projects, scope, collaboration between technical and business partners, planning and financials.  • Managed risks/dependencies and contingency planning across workstreams  • Implemented steering team with change control and financial oversight Project Manager - contract Elsevier December 2010 to June 2011 Led workstreams to introduce Oracle Business Intelligence into a web facing solution for scientific journals and Medical diagnosis solutions.  • Leadership of program/ projects, scope, collaboration between technical and business partners, planning.  • Implemented steering team with change control and financial oversight  • Scrum Master for agile development teams new to agile. Managed sprint planning, story grooming, backlog, impediment resolution, retrospectives and coaching  • Guided teams through backlog management. Ensured velocity mapped to priorities including testing defects. Led teams through discovery and business review of features/user stories.  • Facilitated agile best practices  • Managed program of multiple projects across business intelligence, information security and web application interfaces. Program Manager - contract Express Scripts June 2010 to December 2010 Managed program for Financial applications to absorb invoice processing of newly purchased subsidiaries. Worked additionally as a business analyst to gather requirements. Also drafted data models for proposed data feeds.  • Managed program of multiple workstreams including data architecture, modeling and application development to bring a new business line into the company.  • Guided teams through risk/dependencies and contingency planning across complex technology platform of web, mainframe and data warehousing.  • Often gave direct feedback to technical solutions including the data architecture and application development. Project Manager\Scrum Master Wells Fargo Advisors December 2008 to May 2010 Hands on management and technical analysis managing staff of Architects within Enterprise Architecture responsible for delivering web enabled infrastructure software used by IT Application Developer Teams and Build & Deploy Engineers for enterprise Release Management and Continuous Integration of software.  • Project management of work breakdown schedules, staffing plans, requirements gathering and status reports to senior management.  • Scrum Master for agile development teams new to agile. Managed sprint planning, story grooming, backlog, impediment resolution, retrospectives and coaching.  • Creates project plans to merge the agile methodology used by Architects with the corporate Enterprise waterfall method used for senior management statuses.  • Promotes and influences adoption of architecture projects to IT developer communities of practice and senior IT management.  • Introduced automated testing using HP Quality Center and Quick Test Pro. Education B.S. in Computer Science Rockhurst University - Kansas City, MO Skills Jira, Unix, Oracle, Sql, Application development, Html, Java, Business intelligence, Coaching, Kanban, Mentoring, Training, Process modeling, Quality assurance, Scrum Master, SDLC, Waterfall, PM, PMP Additional Information Core Competencies  * Project Management *Scrum *Kanban *JIRA *Cybersecurity  *Quality Assurance *Training & Development *Command Center Mgmt  *Technical Writing *Leadership *Negotiation *Strategy* Mentoring/Coaching  *Business Process Modeling *Organizational Influence  *Unix *Java *HTML *Oracle *SQL *Business Intelligence *Application Development *Digital Mobile Solutions