Senior IT Manager / Systems Development Senior <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> / Systems Development Senior IT Manager / Systems Development - Windstream/EarthLink/One Communications Penfield, NY Work Experience Senior IT Manager / Systems Development Windstream/EarthLink/One Communications - Rochester, NY 2011 to Present Directed the hiring, training, mentoring and supervision of top technical talent to execute key application development.  Establish and monitor development strategy for network and managed services products. Directed various efforts to merge and integrate three companies into a functional enterprise. Advise internal teams and task forces on preparation and execution  of major development efforts and integrations. Propose alternative technical options addressing client requirements more  efficiently with greater reusability and longer life.  Key Achievements:  • Designed and executed strategy to implement company products and services into quoting and ordering systems.  • Devised enterprise procedure and system for designing and introducing corporate products faster and more  efficiently resulting in 80% decrease in time to IT implementation.  • Transitioned from waterfall to agile development methodology between multiple teams.  • Implemented best practice methods for right-fit agile development.  • Created ITS Managed Services quoting and project management systems utilizing and integrating multiple SaaS  based systems.  • Supported IT Managed Services quoting, order management, inventory, billing and CRM systems and stabilized  environments for newly acquired company.  • Consolidated IT Managed Services systems back into parent company's IT infrastructure.  • Managed up to eight team members overseeing development and launch of quote-to-cash systems guaranteeing  system continuity and optimal uptime for managed services division. IT Manager Sales Solutions 2006 to 2011 Fostered internal initiative to guide IT development, IT operations and helpdesk to work more efficiently by conducting job  shadowing and process clarification. Created northeast, US 1product development procedure to reduce time to market.  Supervised team of 10 developers and business analysts responsible for implementing major systems, platforms, and external  technologies. Directed team in the integration of more than 20 different applications including enterprise-wide CRM, order  management and fulfillment, quoting, product catalog, reporting and commission systems. Integrated systems into overarching order management architecture.  Key Achievements:  • Collaborated on project to migrate IT development towards automated releases and standardize build/release  protocols reducing bugs and user error generated during deployments.  • Consolidated products through two large mergers, one combining three similar-sized companies into $800M  revenue entity, the other to rationalize and develop single product displaying unity for three companies moving into EarthLink.  • Collaborated to design and build order management system integrating 20+ quoting, ordering, inventory, billing and CRM systems.  • Worked with multiple teams across multiple companies to complete migration and integration efforts of three- company merger with 160,000 clients and nearly $800M in revenue.  • Built domestic parent product into the company's northeast system stack.  • Led conversion of ASP applications to complete .Net across sales solution suite. Principal Project Manager Netsmartz, LLC - Rochester, NY 1999 to 2006 Helped initiate startup company including locating and securing new client relationships. Led major software development  projects. Designed coding standards, risk management, and project management methodology. Collaborated with clients to analyze, determine, and develop solutions meeting requirements.  Key Achievements:  • Oversaw the development of project management methods and standards.  • Supervised a team of up to 12 internal, off-shore and contract software developers producing client solutions.  • Constructed executive information system for global telecom company allowing KPI monitoring and management.    Technical Proficiencies  Databases: Oracle, My SQL, MSSQL  Tools: ADO, Jira, TFS, MS Dynamics, WHMCS, Callidus CPQ, QuickBase, SalesForce, DocuSign  Languages: VB.Net, C#, JavaScript, PHP, Python, COBOL Education Bachelor of Science in Management Information Systems Rochester Institute of Technology - Rochester, NY Skills System integration, Data migration, Full life cycle management (10+ years), Strategic planning Links http://linkedin.com/in/brentonmcneil Certifications/Licenses PMP March 2006 to March 2009 Assessments Management & Leadership Skills: Planning & Execution — Highly Proficient June 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to effectively plan and manage resources to accomplish organizational goals. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/cirvs-0nyaleftw Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.