Senior IT Project Manager Senior <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Senior IT Project Manager Galax, VA IT professional comfortable supporting both tactical and strategic project work aligned to enterprise objectives. Exhibits a track record of working collaboratively with the business to deliver multifaceted technology based solutions within budget and against tight deadlines. Excellent time management, decision making, human relations, presentation and organization skills. Successfully applies business understanding and knowledge that is much broader than one function, unit or position. Specializes in process improvement.    Core Qualifications  ? Project Management Expertise-Six Sigma Certified ? Analytical and Problem Solving Skills  ? Results Oriented, Self-Motivated ? Pragmatic-High Attention to Detail  ? Proven Oral and Written Communication Skills ? Risk Governance and Oversight  ? Strong Facilitation Skillset, Well organized ? Effective working in high matrix organizations Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior IT Project Manager Kaiser Permanente - Greenwood Village, CO March 2016 to Present • Migrate inbound/outbound fax accounts off disparate RightFax instances or 3rd party applications and onto the KP Enterprise RightFax Services environment using accelerated timelines and Solution Delivery Life Cycle Management. Completed ~4000 user account moves. All accounts were migrated according to project timelines and without incident.  • RightFax onboarding consultant assisting diverse business units with accurate setup of new RightFax accounts providing application integration resources when needed, and ensuring compliance policies were met for Payment Card Industry.  • Directed a core RightFax team to execute on prioritized escalated tasks within a compressed timeframe of 5 weeks using Tiger Team approach. Drove accountability for results. Team reduced "High" incidents from 1-2 per month during 2017 to -0- starting 6/2017.  • Revamped and put into service 5 Identity Management Access request flows (KPIM) creating an improved user friendly experience and capturing additional required data needed for RightFax account setups and modifications. Senior IT Project Manager Randstad Technologies LP - Lone Tree, CO April 2014 to April 2015 • Managed multiple, complex and cross functional projects ($1M - $8M) with emphasis on systems, technologies, business process redesign. Established strong relationships with business leads and executive management.  • Work included: retirement plan new product rollout; Apple Pay Debit Card Tokenization deployment; IVR/Voice biometrics redesign  • Developed and tracked key project deliverables including investment concept/charter, business case, project plan, requirements definition and defining estimates for funding and cost benefit purposes. Conformed to change management processes.  • Worked with enterprise risk partners and stakeholders (Compliance, AML, Info Security, New Products, Legal, Vendor management) to perform due diligence, document action plans as appropriate, and secure approvals to move project work forward. Transition Services Project Manager Bank of America - Chandler, AZ January 2011 to October 2013 • Conceptualized, hired and trained staff to deliver access management and audit activities for a 24 mo. divestiture supporting ~2800 users within insurance services. Served as 1st line of defense for access to 200+ applications. Unit accurately processed several hundred requests daily for application, equipment, software, or new user setups.  • Performed monthly and quarterly audits to certify individual access levels were within span of need (e.g. SOX, PAR (Privileged Access Review), ACR, AS400 Sensitive Screens, Business Financial Services, SAM (Security Access Mgmt.)  • Production stability oversight for ~45 applications transitioning to new buyer. Initiated Tech Exec Alerts and LOB executive communications. Weekly dashboard metric reporting covered review of incident impacts, watch items, and MTD heat map status.  • Identified and resolved risk factors associated with ring-fence URL/IP firewall access requests. Worked with network engineers to secure CAB approvals and perform pre/post implementation validation. Met all change deployments without incident. Production Stability Manager Bank of America - Home Loans & Insurance - Phoenix, AZ August 2009 to December 2010 • Developed and implemented IT customer experience scorecard tracking 75+ key applications within mortgage domain. Primary metrics covered 21 processes reporting failed customer interactions and production hours lost during outages or interruptions in service. Partnered with technology and business units to prioritize production issues. Developed management routines to address concerns, and championed solutions to stabilize the production environment and mitigate future occurrences.  • Onboarded 50 applications to a centralized operations support ticket Help Desk utilizing Remedy and then 6 months later mapped and transitioned all Application T3 work groups and Change Type Categories to Maximo.  • Led team of 6 that provided application risk review and governance oversight addressing server decommissions, application and data retirement, server OS upgrades, and completeness of application inventory records on enterprise systems.  • Operational risks such as delayed server security patches, nonsupported hardware, system monitoring exceptions, weak security sign-on/logoff processes, or noncompliant change practices were documented and remediated. Sr. Operations Project Consultant Bank of America - Phoenix, AZ July 2006 to February 2009 • Supported Global Strategy and Enterprise initiatives that leveraged and implemented best practices to improve the customer experience (e.g. technology implementations, card industry regulation changes, correspondence imaging/indexing enhancements).  • Project Lead for $15M Enterprise Claims project utilizing Six Sigma methodology to drive business requirements and design work for 12 business units and deliver front-line and back-office updated automation, increased functionality, and greater flexibility. Mapped consolidated end-state processes and incorporated decisioning logic that decreased cycle time, maximized call center and back office resources, and reduced chargeback and/or fraud losses.  • The multi-generational plan projected an overall reduction of 250 FTE ($8.5MM), in addition to annual technology savings of $12MM in year 3. Education AA degree Black Hills State University - Spearfish, SD certification School of Bank Marketing, University of Colorado - Boulder, CO Skills Scheduling, budget, Outlook, Estimating Links http://linkedin.com/in/bettinanelson