IT Project Manager/Business Analysis <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>/Business Analysis Project Manager, PMP Post Falls, ID Highly accomplished and successful Project Manager with a proven record in the timely delivery of high-quality projects budgeted up to $15M in scope. Skilled in the strategic management of all project aspects, clear communication, and meeting/exceeding expectations of all invested stakeholders across multiple, simultaneous projects. Hands-on collaborator and cooperative team leader motivated by top notch efficiency, maintaining a prudent scope of work and striving to impact savings on the budget bottom line. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager/Business Analysis Gonzaga University - Spokane, WA 2016 to 2018 • Strategically managed numerous IT and infrastructure projects, throughout their life-cycle.  • Directed campus-wide projects, promoting greater inter-department collaboration on IT initiatives.  • Implemented individualized combinations of Agile/Scrum and Waterfall methodology to supervise complex software, hardware, and application projects across functional teams with a variety of stakeholders.  ? Executed web design project for internal and external users.  ? Server upgrades, server replacements and software updates. Developed and implemented clear and optimized project plans and schedules, making smooth running projects.  • Closed complex projects in professional, timely, transparent, and organized manner.  • Actively promoted student safety by advising the adoption of new policies and procedures regarding vendor background checks. Project Manager Cornerstone Electronics - Spokane, WA 2014 to 2015 • Effectively managed multiple projects of varying size and complexity, ranging from $60K to $1.7M in scope.  • Enthusiastically led on as many as 10 projects simultaneously, always able to individualize approaches and solutions where applicable.  • Effective team collaboration including assigning tasks and brainstorming new solutions.  • Managed all aspects of bid process and awarding contracts to compliant bidders.  ? Including Requests for Proposals (RFP), Requests for Information (RFI), Architect's Supplemental Instructions (ASI), Change Orders, Extra Work Orders (EWO).  • Built enduring professional relationships with General Contractors, Owners, and Designers for each program by relying upon excellent communication skills, continuous follow up and proactively managing vendor needs.  • Strategically navigated complexities of government projects and prequalification process.  Precisely calculated schedule of values and monthly contract billings, AP & AR. Senior Project Manager CML Specialties, Inc - Coeur d'Alene, ID 2001 to 2013 • Estimated and managed 15+ simultaneous projects, on average, across several states.  • Orchestrated the integration and installation of all detention equipment from conception to completion, including:  ? Security Hardware, Security Hollow Metal Wall Panels, Security Hollow Metal Doors and Frames, Security Ceilings, Security Glazing and Security Furniture.  • Managed daily labor, productivity and certified Payroll Reports for up to 100+ individuals.  • Compiled, implemented and managed project scope, budgets, schedules and buy out.  • Thoughtfully navigated culturally diverse clientele and teams, over various times zones.  • Coordinated training for the construction teams and onsite specific jobsite requirements.  • Precisely managed and guaranteed compliance with all government and state contracts, including negotiating labor contracts with Union workforce.  • Conducted background checks and security clearances.  • Successfully passed Nevada and West Virginia's exam for contractor's business license. Education Associate Skills MICROSOFT PROJECT (Less than 1 year), MICROSOFT SHAREPOINT (Less than 1 year), MS Project (Less than 1 year), Project Manager (10+ years), PMP, PM, Waterfall, Information Technology, Project Management, Software Development, CSM, Estimating, Scheduling, Word, Outlook, budget, Sales, Customer Service Links http://linkedin.com/in/tonya-stewart Additional Information Core Competencies    Strategic Project Manager  Cooperative Team Leader  Patient Leadership  Stakeholder Attentiveness  Authentic Communicator  Involved Collaborator  Analytical Grounded Approach  Proactively Mitigate Risk  Efficient Planner  Innovative Solutions  Healthy Initiative  Fearless Engagement    Software Proficiencies    MS Project  SalesForce  Sharepoint  Trello  Concur  Prolog  Masterbuilder  Primavera P6  Office 365  Google Docs