REALTOR REALTOR Mandeville, LA Work Experience REALTOR eXp Realty January 2011 to Present Responsible for lead generation, lead follow-up, setting appointments, sales and negotiations. Currently oversee all marketing, business management, customer service, transaction management and administration for the business. Main duties include cold calling, online marketing, business development, client servicing and process improvement. IT Project Manager Louisiana Department of Revenue - Baton Rouge, LA June 2009 to November 2012 Managed software development projects requested by the department. Worked closely with eServices group, management, business units, consultants and vendors to establish specifications, organize and track progress, implement projects and complete testing and QA. The eServices group focuses on applications available on the department's public website and administrative applications for internal employees. Adjunct Instructor ITT Technical Institute - Baton Rouge, LA March 2009 to July 2009 Adjunct instructor qualified to teach courses in IT, Mathematics and General Education. Responsible for preparing lesson plans, delivering lectures, gathering supplemental material, and grading quizzes and exams. Project Manager / Design Engineer PALA Interstate, LLC - Baton Rouge, LA April 2008 to February 2009 Managed multiple projects involving the design and construction of ASME Code - Section VIII, Division 1 pressure vessels. Projects ranged in cost from 50K to 1M and were managed from initial P.O. to delivery with heavy involvement at each stage. Worked daily with vendors, management and internal staff to ensure success of the project. Also provided design engineering for pressure vessel and shop tank jobs using PVElite, CodeCalc, AutoCAD, Autodesk Inventor, Autodesk Intent, and ALGOR. Also supervised intern's creation of AutoCAD drawings. IS Project Analyst ( Project Manager) Louisiana Cardiology Associates - Baton Rouge, LA July 2006 to April 2008 Managed implementation, support and change requests of EMR (electronic medical record) and practice management software for the clinic. Worked directly with the vendor (GEMMS) to request, implement and test all modifications and additions to the software. Also provided IT support for all physicians and support staff including workstations, tablet PCs, servers, smart boards, projectors and all electronic medical equipment. Education Master of Business Administration Louisiana State University 2008 Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering Louisiana State University 2007 Bachelor of General Studies with Minors in Business, Mechanical Engineering & Technical Sales Louisiana State University 2004 Skills Real Estate (7 years), Project Management (6 years), Teaching (1 year), Information Technology (10+ years), Engineering (1 year), Business Development (5 years), Marketing (1 year), Digital Marketing (1 year), Microsoft Office (10+ years), CRM (6 years), Sales (Less than 1 year) Links http://linkedin.com/in/nilesjr Certifications/Licenses Certified Distressed Property Expert (CDPE) Present Certified Investor Agent Specialist (CIAS) Present Short Sales and Foreclosure Resource (SFR) Present Microsoft Certified Systems Administrator (MCSA) Present Microsoft Certified Trainer (2009-2010) Present CompTIA A+ Present