IT Project Manager & Database Developer <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> &amp; Database Developer IT Project Manager & Database Developer - EastGate Electronics, Inc Fontana, CA A seasoned professional with over 25 years experience in medium to large scale IT systems, infrastructure development,  implementation, and management. Adept at identifying needs by performing operations analysis, risk assessment,  contingency planning, and coordinated with company department heads for scheduling. Expert in selecting key players to  build, deliver, implement and train management and end users. Wide experience in selecting manufacturers, vendors and  contractors for continuous flow of IT infrastructure supply and service needs. Work Experience IT Project Manager & Database Developer EastGate Electronics, Inc January 2018 to Present Provides technical analysis and identify needed system infrastructure reconfigurations to achieve optimal results  meeting both manual and automated workflow process.  • Coordinates with department heads on the scheduling of network maintenance, repair activities and implementations of business operation modifications.  • Manages and directs IT consultants, software programmers and contractors.  • Conducts meetings to ensure that progress status is met within project delivery timelines.  • Reviews and gives recommendations on project contract documents to comply with existing system design, department policies and operations.  • Assists in qualifying and awarding of contracts and monitors job progress.  • Developed FileMaker workflow application, implemented and manages system operations.  • Manage the accounting conversion process from Sage Peachtree to QuickBooks accounting.  • Writes memorandums, system documentations, user guides and reports. IT Project Manager MySleep Mattress Stores September 2013 to December 2017 • Identified system loopholes, defined risk and developed business process improvement.  • Coordinated with company department heads for need analysis and formulated solutions.  • Designed, implemented functional alternative system solutions and managed initial transition.  • Created a schedule of system implementation by department to reduce work down times.  • Managed and directed group of consultants, and software programmers on a per project basis.  • Designed, installed and configured audio/video wall display for marketing ad.  • Installed low voltage surveillance systems and store access control systems.  • Established and managed vendor relations to ensure accurate and the continuous flow of resources.  • Recommended and implemented new technology updates and upgrades for maximum performance, greater  productivity and reliability and isolates problems.  • Successfully implemented complex solutions on multi-user and multi-location ERP system. Database Development Manager Leeds Mattress Stores October 2001 to August 2013 • Developed and implemented a FileMaker full relational database system for Customer, Sales Orders, Inventory, Purchasing, Sales Forecasting and Delivery tracking.  • Evaluated and coordinated with various vendors for software/application solutions and telecom technologies to suit company IT needs.  • Managed and directed group of consultants and software programmers on a per project basis.  • Developed and maintained appropriate documentations suitable for different user levels.  • Performed technical evaluation of hardware & software specs and obtained vendor RFQ.  • Designed, implemented and managed file servers, workstation computers, workgroup printers, digital data network  for both local area and wide area networks, custom premise wiring, routers, switches and a comprehensive  redundant data backup system and recovery procedures.  • Successfully implemented complex solutions on multi-user and multi-location ERP system.  • Supported over 120 end-users of different levels of authority from a multi-location, nationwide network  environment.  • Writes announcements, system documentations, user guides and reports    IT APPLICATIONS  Business Applications: SQL database, FileMaker Advanced, Microsoft Project, Remote Desktop, Citrix, Microsoft  Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook), Adobe Creative Suite (Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign, Acrobat), Internet Search Engines (Windows Explorer, Google Chrome, Safari), QuickBooks Accounting, Sage 100 and more.    Operating Systems: Windows 7, 8, 10, Windows Server 2008, 2012, Macintosh OS X and OS X Server, iOS    Technologies:  • Worldwide Web, Cloud Technology  • Ubiquiti, SonicWall, Cisco, Linksys, Netgear Firewalls, Routers, Switches, Bridges, VPN, Access Points  • Internet Protocols, TCP/IP, PPP, FTP, HTML, SSL, NAT, PAT, IPSec, RDP, etc.  • Wired Ethernet Category 5, Category 6, Fiber Optics and Wireless Network cabling systems  • Routers, Switches, Hubs, TCP/IP protocols and configuration  • Communications Systems (DSL, ISDN, Bonded T1, T2, Frame relays, Fiber  • Surveillance (CCTV) Systems, Access Control, Data/Audio, Video Displays and other Low Voltage  Subsystems Education Bachelor of Science in Business Administration and Marketing in Business Administration and Marketing Letran College - Manila Skills Access control, Ssl, Cisco, Network cabling, T1, Tcp, Tcp/ip, Vpn, Wireless network, Ethernet, Ftp, Ipsec, Isdn, Ppp, Firewalls, Optics, Ios, Html, Wireless, Low voltage Additional Information • Wide experience with project planning, implementation and management.  • Adept in anticipating, analyzing project situations and formulation of solutions.  • Exceptional problem-solving talent and able to work under difficult situation.  • Keen eye for errors and inconsistencies for a faultless project output.  • FileMaker Pro relational database programming and software customization.  • Adept with installation, integration and configuration of electronic ID systems, access control, intrusion detection,  video surveillance, and public address systems.  • Experienced Windows and Macintosh hardware and software troubleshooting and repairs.  • Manages and directs IT consultants, software programmers and contractors.  • Negotiates service contracts with consultants, contractors and material vendors.  • Interfaces well at all organization and cultural levels.