Project Manager/Consultant <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>/Consultant Project Manager - TCS / Avis Budget Group Montclair, NJ IT Project Manager with Agile / Scrum and Waterfall experience using Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC). Accomplished in Microsoft AX 2009 ERP, Internet Banking, Call Center projects. Solid technical background with understanding and hands-on experience in software development and web technologies. Extensive experience analyzing problems, data collection, identifying potential solutions. Work Experience Project Manager/Consultant Avis Budget Group - Parsippany, NJ July 2018 to Present at end client's head quarter.  • Working closely with Avis Budget IT to manage projects together within the budget and on time  • Overseeing several ABG Back Office on-going and new projects  • Updating the project status, risk and issue at Clarity PPM.  • Project budget management. Monitoring project expense vs budget on a weekly base.  • Resource allocations, task assignment for TCS Back Office team  • Data Manipulations / Consolidating different projects reports in MS Excel  • Coordination of Fleet, Accounting, Reporting Adhocs Tasks  • Coordination of onboarding new developers for TCS Project Manager Antep Rugs - Fairfield, NJ May 2017 to May 2018 at a new start up e-Commerce Company.  • Integrated Selleractive(Multi Channel inventory Management software) with marketplace accounts.  • Managed the integration of DesktopShipper tool with FEDEX, UPS and USPS accounts  ? Updated my "List Manager" EBAY software application using .NET C#, SQL Server 2008 and eBay API.  ? Experienced in data manipulations/ data analyses on Microsoft Excel IT Project Manager (Contractor) Verizon - Basking Ridge, NJ October 2016 to March 2017 Worked at Agile environment. Tools used: Salesforce, MS Office, JIRA  ? Managed IPTV Trial Project. Managed complex order processing for trial participants. Helped identifying gaps in IT processes and recommending remedial solutions.  ? Coordinated Mobile ID Connect Trial project  ? Contributed to Instant Internet Project Trial. Helped to conduct surveys at beta trial.  ? Involved in preparing weekly and monthly Executive summary reports  ? Experienced in Microsoft Excel data manipulations/ data analyses IT Project Manager / Scrum Master Decision Resource Group - Parsippany, NJ August 2015 to June 2016 Worked as SDLC PM on two internal web-based applications projects. Tools used: JIRA, Confluence, MS Office  ? Developed and sustaining relationships with business and cross-functional project teams.  ? Liaise with and provide guidance to the off-shore operations team  ? Acted as a Scrum Master at the beginning of one project. Facilitated Release Planning, Sprint Planning, Backlog Grooming, and Retrospective meetings.  ? Worked very closely with the Scrum Master for the health of projects  ? Managed project scope, schedule and risk including change control process.  ? Applied Agile Project Management methodology, tools and templates for completing assigned projects.  ? Reported projects status, including schedule, cost, scope, and risk/issue.  ? Managed the day-to-day activities of the projects. Maintained and updated the project plans  ? Involved in Writing user stories and acceptance criteria  ? Collaborated with developers and QA staff to communicate requirements and assist with testing IT Project Manager (Contractor) Johnson & Johnson - Raritan, NJ August 2014 to January 2015 Worked as SDLC PM for the new Reliability process project. Followed agile project management methodology  • Integrated Reliability features into Service Now ITIL problem management system  • Conducted weekly status meeting with team leaders at Belgium and India  • Coordinated Reliability process training sessions before and after end user project deployment  • Documented and monitored project risks and issues  • Monitored and evaluated organization's performance after implementing the change management process  • Communicating with onsite clients and discussing change management policies applied to ongoing projects  • Prepared weekly status reports Technical IT Project Manager Candela Network - Cedar Grove, NJ March 2011 to July 2014 Tools used: Windows Server 2008, MS Office, Visual Studio .NET, Java, PHP, HTML, JavaScript, SQL  Implemented and integrated various projects using eBay, PayPal and Amazon APIs using the agile development principal.  • Worked with Stakeholders closely to align the company program/ projects  • Worked with Retail management, Offshore IT and In-house IT staff to analyze and prioritize projects  • Developed and managed "List Manager" software program using .NET C# and eBay API.  • Developed and managed a backend IT software where all Paypal, Amazon, Ebay transaction captured.  • Worked with offshore teams for launching 4 new e-commerce websites  • Managed Microsoft AX 2009 ERP project ERP system migration project  • Managed Microsoft ERP AX 2009 project system integration with backend system  • Prepared critical management SQL reports used to evaluate system and processes  • Manipulating, cleansing & processing data using Excel, Access and SQL.  • Responsible for loading, extracting and validation of client data. IT Project Manager at PMO Bank Asia - Istanbul, TR March 2008 to March 2011 Tools used: HP PPM, MS Project, MS Office  Designed and implemented SDLC projects for numerous departments at Project Management Office.  • Ensured projects delivery on-time, meeting quality requirements, and following the SDLC  • Conducted biweekly project status updates to stakeholders  • Regularly monitor the health of project with risk assessment  • Internet Banking project lead using SDLC methodologies. (Java JSP technology used for the web application)  • Managed 3rd party vendor during the development and implementation of internet Banking Project  • Involved in management of the HP PPM Implementation project  • Program manager for 2-year Call-Center Conversion projects. (.NET web application)  • Managed 8-month Corporate Card project (.NET web and client application)  • Experienced creating Microsoft PowerPoint presentations  • Experienced in Waterfall and Agile methodologies development at PMO Senior Web Developer Turkey Finance - Istanbul, TR June 2006 to March 2008 Tools used: Visual Studio .NET, C#, HTML, Ajax, MS SQL Server  Maintained internal/ external financial web applications. Hands on .NET developer. Adapted SDLC methodology  ? Prepared business and technical analyze for different projects  ? Integrated mobile password used by bank internet branches  ? Developed wire transfer payment through bank internet branch  ? Produced city-branch filter on wire transfer (EFT) web page using AJAX  ? Participated in Finance Portal enhancement using AJAX  ? Worked as a developer on Wire Transfer with IBAN project  ? Developed Telephony Banking project over IVR system  ? Experienced in identifying workflow bottlenecks and potential solutions  ? Experienced with the development and source control methodologies within Team Foundation Server Education M.S. in Computer Science in Computer Science Lamar University - Beaumont, TX 2004 B.S. in Computer Science in Computer Science Marmara University - Istanbul, TR 2000 Skills Scrum Master, Waterfall, SDLC, PMP, PM Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/erdem-alpay-07a25a