Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager - Strategic Weapons Facility Poulsbo, WA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager Peninsula Community Health Services - Bremerton, WA May 2019 to Present Work closely with senior leadership to identify project outcomes and develop project artifacts for strategic growth projects, information technology software updates and implementation as well as manage construction initiatives.   Developed the Project Management Office (PMO) utilizing current software within Office 365. Developed and designed the PMO SharePoint intranet site as well as developed IT Project Manager Strategic Weapons Facility - Bangor, WA July 2018 to Present • Managed Information Technology projects for SWFPAC Bangor. Develop project plans, communication plans, risk matrix and risk management, as well as change management plans for the successful execution of software projects.  • Developed and implemented a process driven project management structure which encompassed easy to use templates for each phase deliverable and milestone. Created project management policies which provided structure and guidance as well as created  • Managed the departmental operational and project funding lines. Meticulously identified and planned for equipment expenditures for the current fiscal year as well as planning for five years out. Project Manager Evergreen Fire and Security - Tacoma, WA November 2017 to June 2018 • Worked with the Huntsville, AL Corps of Engineer in the planning, execution, and overall management of fire, security system and mass notification system install on an international level. Developed sound professional relationships with customers and ensured satisfaction. Worked with contractors and subcontractors in the development of project initiatives and executes against planned events.  • Worked closely with project managers, field manger and technicians to ensure projects were staffed and executed.  • Supervised and trained newly hired Project Coordinators and Project Managers in the day to day operations of Evergreen Fire and Security.  • Managed over 15 projects through planning, execution, monitoring and closing. Reviews and executes both government and commercial contracts. Facilitated the installation of fire and security systems through planning, staffing and constant communication with customers and executives. Senior Project Manager - Contractor MultiCare Health System - Tacoma, WA November 2016 to April 2017 • Worked with senior executives to realize CMS Medicare initiative - bundling payments for care improvement.  • Utilized Waterfall PM techniques along with standardized phase gates to plan and execute projects.  • Collaborated with managers/partners to implement work flows that positively impacted Medicare patients.  • Reduced length of stay - releasing to Skilled Nursing Facilities and sending patients home to heal better.  • Initialized the process of using SharePoint as a Project Management collaboration site. Provided team training and design on both internal and external SharePoint project sites to manage complex projects. IT Project Manager Kitsap County, WA September 2015 to November 2016 • Managed Information Technology projects across Kitsap County. Develop project plans, communication plans, risk matrix and risk management, as well as change management plans for the successful execution of software projects.  • Developed policies and procedures in the establishment of Kitsap County's Project Management Office (PMO). Created templates inspired by PMI template library in an effort to formalize the PMO's standard practices.  • Worked meticulously with management throughout the procurement process of selecting a vendor for the Web Refresh of Kitsap County. Served as the Subject Matter Expert for the procurement process and spearheaded the entire initiative from cradle to grave including contract development and management.  • Facilitated 5 day Kaizens in order to identify waste and develop new procedures that allowed each department to realize time savings and better resource allocation.  • Worked with the Kitsap Sheriff's Department to map out their current scheduling processes and determine which scheduling software would fit within their unique structure. Meticulously investigated software vendors to ensure the purchased software would benefit the Sheriff's Department rather than set them back due to poor functionality and adoption.  • Earned Green Belt certification through Kitsap County's PEAK program. Worked within the PEAK/PMO program; actively sought ways to integrate Lean/Six Sigma techniques into the PMI project lifecycle to ensure better quality and successful implementation.  • Managed the transformation of the Kitsap County external facing website. Led a project team consisting of senior executives, mid level managers and a diverse group of web coordinators as well as the development vendor through the lifecycle of the project.  • Effectively managed multiple Information Technology projects ranging from initiation to close while ensuring scope, budget, and schedule constraints were respected and adhered to. Program Manager ICI Services - Silverdale, WA March 2011 to July 2015 • Provided overall program management and contract administration of three Navy contracts as the single point of contact and representation of the Naval Contractor, ICI Services Inc.  • Provided leadership for the ICI Services Financial, Admin and Environmental and Safety contracts located in Keyport, WA. Supervised 60 personnel in addition to 7 Project Leads in the day to day operations in providing financial and project management, administrative and environmental services to government customers. Ensures proper adherence to project milestones and procedures.  • Meticulously managed three Naval contracts with a budget of $40M with over 100 project charge numbers/lines of accounting. Responsible for ensuring the budget is adhered to as well as performing financial report maintenance. Provides payroll guidance to employees to ensure the funding on each project charge number is maximized.  • Prepared and updated project status reports and metric reports to inform senior management of developments. Attends monthly project reviews and presents detailed project information to the executive team.  • Performed personnel recruitment, hiring, annual evaluations and termination for all project team members. Recommended annual compensation increases based on performance of duties and achievements throughout a base year. Provide guidance, supervision, conflict resolution and leadership mentorship to employees in all aspects of employee relations. Prepares corrective action performance standards for egregious issues identified.  • Reviewed and assisted with responses for Request for Proposals (RFP) and business development reports. Reviews and highlights information found in key employee resumes, past performance citations, technical approach and management plans. Routinely reviews company proposals to ensure all areas of the RFP are met prior to submission to the government.  • Developed desk processes and procedures for the Program Manager position for the Keyport area in addition to revamping all employee desk procedures to ensure they are current and written in a manner which is easy to follow for any new employee. Key in the award of two contracts in the NUWC Keyport area.  • Responsible for implementing continuous improvement initiatives, including both formal and informal process reviews. Project Manager Aacres, LLC - Tacoma, WA December 2007 to February 2011 • Worked closely with senior management to develop time lines and tasks as well as budgets and program designs in the expansion of the company into new areas.  • Spearheaded large training projects which include the development of a training CD as well as creating a training book for all new employees. Training aids ensured a high standard of training was given to each employee and also covered contractual training and informational items from referring agencies.  • Planned and managed construction and remodeling projects totaling over $4 million and which spanned over two years. Tracked contractual milestones and submitted documentation for payment. Met with contractors to ensure they were both on time and within budget through the various phases of construction and coordinated inspections through state licensing boards to ensure quality standards. Developed program descriptions which adhered to both licensing requirements and company policy.  • Managed and implemented a timekeeping and payroll software program with a budget of $200K. Managed a 10 man team comprised of both internal employees and external vendors and contractors. Tracked follow up items as well and kept team members on task through efficient communication and coordination of meetings and goals. Worked closely with external customers to ensure a high quality of customer service. This new software increased the accountability of employees by 100%.  • Provided Quality Assurance monitoring on the business practices of outlying offices. Developed a standardized auditing tool which encompassed personnel, transportation, program, accounting, and served individuals business procedures. State audit findings decreased significantly after this QA procedure and referrals began to flow with confidence increasing business and revenue. The Las Vegas program was granted a two-year certification which is highly unusual for the certifying officials, Desert Regional Center.  • Quickly established a reputation for providing quality computer program assistance to managers and staff as a computer software expert. Designed an Access database which increased the productivity of the company and allowed a tracking method for over 2,000 incident reports received monthly from all service areas. The database was configured to work within the confines of a company that is growing yet not large enough to purchase vast networking capabilities.  • Recognized for providing quality executive support for Code 300. Promoted from GS-6 to GS-7 and then to GS-9 within two years due to providing a high level of administrative support to all personnel from front line workers to senior executives. Education Master of Science in Business Administration in Business Administration Keller Graduate School of Management Bachelor of Science in Technical Management in Technical Management DeVry University Skills Maintenance, Scheduling, budget, Estimating, Outlook Military Service Branch: United States Navy Rank: E6 Additional Information Active DoD Secret Clearance. Collaborative and problem-solving project leader with 15 years of project management experience. Proven success in managing multiple concurrent projects, creating cross functional synergy, gaining consensus across disparate parties, and ensuring project success. Strong organizational skills in: project management, strategic planning, stakeholder communication, team work, and collaborative implementations.