IT Consultant <span class="hl">IT</span> Consultant IT Consultant - Canfor Redmond, WA An accomplished result driven IT professional with over 14 years of experience in all phases of SDLC including design, development, testing, maintenance and management. Oracle JDE Distribution certified professional with expertise in Sales- Distribution module and Supply Chain systems, a professional who has led Onshore and offshore project teams to successfully deliver medium to large scale cross-functional projects spanning across various organizations in multiple geographies.    Key Skills and Areas of expertise  • Experience of multiple full cycle roll outs covering all the phases such as Vision, Plan, Design, Build, Deliver and Operate. These involved various facets like Requirement Analysis, Process Mapping, Training, Configuration, Proto-typing, Application Design & Development, Documentation & Post Go Live support  • Thorough understanding of end to end Supply Chain processes.  • Expertise in Sales, Procurement, Demand Planning, Transportation and Inventory Management Modules.  • Expertise in Software Quality Process, SDLC and Project management tools  • Demonstrated experience in technical analysis on multiple projects with cross functional teams to ensure timely deliveries and efficient stakeholder management  • Worked as onsite coordinator and as techno functional for understanding the business requirements and translating them into technical designs  • Excellent client interaction, team participation and delivery skills  • Hands on experience of working with global clients with team members from multiple countries  • Possess Strong communication, interpersonal and project execution skills  • Oracle Supply Chain Distribution Certified. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Consultant Canfor - CA February 2016 to May 2019 Responsibilities:  • Responsible for management and reporting of technical development, quality, operations, and systems performance  • Responsible for technical designs and their implementations right from design, development and testing to final sign off  • Plan and execute Requirement gathering, Requirement Analysis, Functional documentation (user stories, detailed functional specifications, reports, BFD, Process Flow diagrams)  • Build and track project portfolio, features, milestones, & dependencies  • Collaborate with key stakeholders to determine solutions and perform the impact analysis on existing work systems  • Team management - Management of offshore resources, staffing, mentoring, and performance management  • Hiring and Recruitment - Technical assessor for hiring Onshore and offshore resources  • Actively participate in change management activities and improvement initiatives  • Business Process Modeling, As-Is & To-Be Analysis, Fit-Gap Analysis Project Manager November 2013 to September 2015 Client Profile: Client is one of the world's largest producers of sustainable lumber, pulp and paper. Their products cater to a wide range of residential, commercial and industrial construction.  Responsibilities:  • Work closely with system architects, designers, developers, test team, business users and senior management to technically validate the identified solutions / recommendations  • Primary intermediary between business users and IT project team (Development and QA teams)  • Facilitate functional walkthroughs and respond to QA/Dev team review questions.  • Review test cases and TSD (Technical Specification Document)  • Documenting test scripts and assisting in User Acceptance Testing (UAT)  • Responsible for technical designs and their implementations right from design, development and testing to final sign off Deloitte Consulting - IN November 2007 to September 2015 Summary of the Clients and Projects I worked for during my association with Deloitte: Project Manager November 2012 to November 2013 Client Profile: Client is part of Alberta's research and innovation system and is helping build healthy, sustainable businesses in the province. Through a suite of programs and services directed towards entrepreneurs, companies, researchers and investors, client is preparing Alberta for a next generation economy.  Responsibilities:  • Responsible for team deliverables and regular coordination with client and offshore team.  • Functional Specifications analysis.  • Design, development and unit testing of Workflows, Reports and Interactive applications required by client.  • Estimation, Design, development and unit testing of deliverables.  • Code Reviews of team's developed object. Project Manager November 2011 to November 2012 Client Profile: Client is Canada's largest independent supplier of ready-mix concrete, and a major supplier of asphalt and aggregate products along with operating a network of Landscape centers in Western Canada.  The client was looking for a solution which should be able to accommodate future growth plans of the business as well as be able to scale to incorporate future acquisitions, locations and variability in operations. As a result we implemented JDE 9.0 in Client systems to manage all foundational processes combined with industry-specific systems to serve specific functionalities such as blending, batching, and logistics, etc.  Responsibilities:  • Responsible for offshore team deliverables and regular coordination with client and onsite team.  • Functional Specifications analysis.  • Design, development and unit testing of Workflows, Reports and Interactive applications required by client.  • Estimation, Design, development and unit testing of C- Business Function and NER.  • Code Reviews of team's developed object. Project Lead April 2011 to November 2011 Client Profile: Client is a national farmer-owned food and agricultural cooperative. Client does business in more than fifty countries and it's a leading marketer of a full line of dairy-based consumer, foodservice and food ingredient products.    Responsibilities:  • Functional Specifications analysis.  • Design, development and unit testing of Reports and Interactive applications required by client.  • Estimation, Design, development and unit testing of C- Business Function and NER.  • Code Reviews of team's developed object. Team Lead November 2007 to March 2011 Client Profile: Client is one of the world's most comprehensive and broadly based manufacturer of health care products, as well as a provider of related services, for the consumer, pharmaceutical, and medical devices and diagnostic markets. The Company is based in more than 57 countries and sells products throughout the world.  Responsibilities:  • Functional and Global Specifications analysis  • Estimation. Design, development and unit testing of Reports and Interactive applications, C- Business Function and NER  • Code Reviews of team's developed object  • Extensive documentation; Technical specifications and Unit Test scripts preparation  • Help and support the testing team to identify and validate the test scenarios  • Support UAT & Regression testing  • Support for production issues and Environment related issues Software Developer Oracle Development Center August 2006 to November 2007 Responsibilities:  • To provide timely and effective resolutions to the raised SARs  • Issue resolution  • Analysis of standard objects that includes Application, Reports and NERs  • Customizations to standard programs like that of Purchase Order, Receipts etc. as per requirement Developer Perot Systems July 2004 to July 2006 Responsibilities:  • Analysis and understanding of Functional Specification document  • Preparation, Review of Technical Design Document  • Development and Designing of various Applications, Table Conversions, NER, Reports using JDE development tool set  • Modification of Standard Applications of JDE Education Masters in Computer Applications in Computer Applications U.P. Technical University Bachelor of Computer Science in Computer Science Kurukshetra University - Kurukshetra, Haryana Skills HTML, testing Certifications/Licenses Driver's License