IT PROJECT MANAGER <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">PROJECT</span> <span class="hl">MANAGER</span> IT PROJECT MANAGER - US Census Bureau San Diego, CA Highly skilled and multifaceted professional with extensive experience in project management providing outstanding client satisfaction and superior work ethic. Offer a proven record of success leading all phases of diverse technology projects, on-going Project Management Professional (PMP) credential, moreover a vast experience in IT project management, SDLC, and finance. Skilled at overseeing complex company networks with a focus on efficiency and performance optimization. Detail-oriented and proactive specialist with a penchant for working under pressure and building connections that aid in making any type of project more efficient and profitable. Adept in creating logical reasoning and solutions to challenges. Has excellent interpersonal, writing and analytical skills, which make collaboration with colleagues more effective. Highly regarded for surpassing all expectations and rendering the optimum level of service. Possessing vast leadership abilities, always ensuring that clear objectives and expectations are delivered and maintained. Recognized for maintaining a high level of professionalism and integrity in dealing and building long-term relationships with all levels of management. Multilingual professional; fluent in English and Spanish. Work Experience IT PROJECT MANAGER US Census Bureau February 2019 to Present Currently working with the Systems and Engineering team for Integration, User Acceptance Testing and several stages of systems integration testing.    • Currently overseeing the certification of 30 applications for Section 508 Compliance Standards on accessibility, required by the US Access Board.   • Weekly reviewing, analyzing and presenting weekly results, trends and obstacles found on defects and recommendations resulted from 2020 Census pre-production testing.  IT TEST COORDINATOR - IT PROJECT MANAGER Inter-American Development Bank with Softtek - Washington, DC April 2016 to January 2019 ·       Provided improvements in project deliverables through implementing coaching in accordance with IDB’s Loan Financial Manager Timeline of development and execution.  ·       Orchestrated integration, data, and functional tests within the development process of a financial application created to replace a 20 year old in-house software.   ·       In charge of system integration testing, user acceptance testing and delayed parallel testing with 6 different departments and more than 50 people involved.  ·       Introduced and taught SCRUM-like functional testing, performance testing, test case management, and product backlog management.  ·       Enable improvement in team delivery commitments and capacity planning for sprints by identifying and tracking hidden tasks that increased customer satisfaction.  ·       Remove obstacle for the team by researching or escalating an issue to leadership resulting in early delivery of customer issue solution.     Key Achievements  ·       Managed to save $360,ooo annual revenue, by consulting a case of an unsatisfied customer, changing the team’s administration, coordination and implementing scrum process in our daily operations.  ·       Created cost-saving business relationships by being first secondary support to partner with account managers on large implementations of projects.  ·       Oversaw and supported 15 financial applications for one year with a team of 8 developers on site and offshore.  ·       Spearheaded the implementation of SCRUM methodology in the application management support team.  ·       Created and maintained effective relationship with the support teams to ensure the regular and accurate reporting of any problems.  ·       Key contributor for the smooth transition during User Acceptance Test Cycles, Delayed Parallel Testing and Cutover Testing software that brought impact globally financial users, directors, and borrowers.  ·       After providing six months of daily support on applications, software development, team proposed 10+ improvements to reduce tickets and time of resolution.  ·       Coordinated the migration of six applications hosted in servers with Windows 2003 to servers with Windows 2008. Impacted 4,000 users globally.  ·       Assist with coordinating the implementation of 8+ immediate automations that reduce daround 1600+ working hours annually. OFFICE AND PROJECT MANAGER Muxa Brewing Company 2013 to 2016 • Spearheaded and managed the human resources department, by providing guidance, coaching, and training to the staff in accordance to principles and regulations of the company.  • Co-created a line of product flow from pre-sale to billing and re-scheduling.  • Effectively devised the comprehensive system documentation in the cloud.  • Assigned and tasked projects to the respective applications. OFFICE AND PROJECT MANAGER Sierra Material Testing and Inspection Engineering 2013 to 2016 CLIENT MANAGER Soles de Mexicali 2008 to 2013 CLIENT SERVICE MANAGER Telvista Call Center 2006 to 2008 Education Bachelor's Degree in International Business in International Business UNIVERSIDAD AUTONOMA DE BAJA CALIFORNIA 2008 Certificate JONKOPING INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS SCHOOL - Jonkoping, SE 2008 Skills Business intelligence (3 years), C+ (2 years), Css (2 years), Excel (Less than 1 year), Html (3 years), Microsoft office (10+ years), Microsoft sharepoint (3 years), Powerpoint (10+ years), Ruby (Less than 1 year), Sharepoint (4 years), Estimating, budget, maintenance, Outlook, Scheduling, Project Management, Scrum Master, SDLC, Information Technology, PMP, Software Development, PM, Itil, Software Development (5 years), Waterfall, CSM Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/luisaavalos/ Certifications/Licenses Driver's License PMP - In progress Required Training Hours Completed