Senior Business Analyst / Reengineering / Project Manager Senior Business Analyst / Reengineering / <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Senior Business Analyst / Reengineering / Project Manager Allen Park, MI Work Experience Senior Business Analyst / Reengineering / Project Manager Ford Motor Company 2019 to 2019 • Led project management integration activities by creating an integration forum for workstream leads  • Leveraged agile practices by facilitating the prioritization and creation of activities and user stories via the CA Rally tool  • Created headcount reports for monitoring actual, forecast, and target variances GM General Motors 2012 to 2019 Project Manager / Data Analyst  Provided Project Management for key operational projects. Developed multiple dashboards and reports utilizing Tableau, Microsoft Power BI, advanced DAX techniques, data modeling, Hadoop, and Apache Hive-QL.  • Led decommission project of over 4,000 Lotus Notes Applications enabling environment retirement  • Provided consultation and monitored operational efficiency initiatives for multiple IT organizations resulting in cost savings via systematic automations, fixing known system anomalies, and cross training.  • Monitored transition to operations activities for messaging development projects ensuring timely and adequate readiness for future development maintenance, service desk, data recovery, and monitoring activities.  • Automated headcount reporting and tracking process reducing manual effort in addition to highlighting monthly change activity ensuring quality assurance and timely action for follow-up activities.  • Designed and created the Troller tool utilizing Visual Basic. This tool expedites ticket analysis for issue identification, root cause analysis, and frequency of occurrence to facilitate resolution and prevention.  • Created Power BI queries providing users with the capability to perform customized trend, category, and detailed IT service desk interaction analysis for the reduction of future tickets. Project Manager Acro Services 2010 to 2012 Served as project manager for multiple mobile device infrastructure projects Led vendor management, scope definition, SDP, schedule, status, issue, and risk management.  • Led mobile device enterprise software projects for BlackBerry Enterprise Server (BES) and Lotus Notes Traveler ensuring Blackberry corporate email interface service availability for a rapidly growing Blackberry user community.  • Created business and technical requirements for the transition from Lotus Notes to Microsoft Outlook to ensure continuation of mobile device email interface service levels. Project Manager / IT Analyst OpTech for Wayne County, MI 2009 to 2009 Provided project management and business analysis services for Wayne County, MI  • Created and monitored project plan for server migration project involving transition to a new hosting service provider including hosting location change, new server hardware, and operating system transition from Unix to Linux for the JD Edwards and PeopleSoft applications.  • Provided detail for the OpenText RFP describing vendor project status expectations securing the ability to monitor vendor performance.  • Created business requirements for the Contract Management and Asset Management applications including process flow diagrams, use cases, and data dictionary resulting in a firm project scope from which to estimate, monitor, and track the project. Project Manager TEKSystems for Comerica Bank 2008 to 2008 Managed function point count activity, estimating, and stakeholder review of business requirements.  • Led the business analysis phase of a 1250-hour banking image exchange and management project utilizing Goldleaf Sierra Xpedite® and Goldleaf Sierra Xchange® Image software. Project Manager Electronic Data Systems 1998 to 2008 IT Project manager for multiple projects up to 6000 hours in size for General Motors with subcontractor, and in-house, and offshore project teams. Managed various application development and infrastructure projects including employee portal, employee position management, payroll, portfolio management, vehicle cost & warranty analysis, manufacturing procurement tracking, desktop refreshes, and local area network. Created formal EDS supplier responses for multiple General Motors IT service requests including estimate, cost model, and price. Managed the first common core router firewall device and rules implementation for General Motors Powertrain sites. Requested by client for the role due to demonstrated communication and project management skills resulting in a faster implementation with high quality.  • Performed the role of project manager coach/mentor for other project managers assigned to the globalization of the General Motors North American LAN/CAN service model. In this role, created a 116-page procedure document with RASIC chart and implementation checklist. Results included consistent, quality deployments.  • Developed class materials and instructed advanced FOCUS programming classes.  • Assisted PMO with rollout of SEI Level 2 processes. Project manager interviewee for successful SEI CMMI Level 2 certification review. Education MBA Lawrence Technological University Bachelor of Arts in Information Management Davenport University Skills Hadoop, Hive, Ms project, Hadoop, Power bi, Sql, Tableau, Apache, Bi Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/sara-adams-pmp Additional Information Technical Proficiencies: MS Project, Power BI, Tableau, DAX, Hadoop, Apache Hive-QL, SQL