Project Manager, Merger & Acquisition (M&A) <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>, Merger &amp; Acquisition (M&amp;A) Project Manager, Merger & Acquisition (M&A) Experienced Project Manager with a strong understanding of project management methodology including initiating, planning, executing, budgeting, monitoring, controlling, and closing. Also experience of the entire phases of Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC), functional business analysis, IT Service Management/delivery and deployment. Highly skilled at managing cross-functional teams and client relationships, as well as communicating effectively with vendors, peers and stakeholders. Strong organizational, planning, influencing and management skills. Result oriented team player with a positive can-do attitude. Focused on application dev elopement, infrastructure, Merger & Acquisition, Spin-Off projects. Hands on experience of managing end-to-end service delivery using Waterfall, Scrum and Agile methodology. Work Experience Project Manager, Merger & Acquisition (M&A) AETNA HEALTHCARE - Hartford, CT April 2018 to March 2019 • Project management duties for CVS and Aetna, M&A Integration process from origination to closure  • Working directly with senior management teams, and stakeholders throughout all phases, comparing cost savings, planning, risk analysis, issues, deliverables, milestone dates and execution  • Manage and track deliverables from various sub-team members and get status report  • Responsible for getting legal approvals of each deliverables and maintain various depositories, such as RR Donnelly, Interlinks, SharePoint, etc.  • Work diligently with legal counsel and third party vendors during merger, such as Deloitte Consulting, and Boston Consulting Group, providing critical and confidential data  • Excellent in managing deliverables, vendors and SLA based contracting models  • Wrote technical document for the team members to follow uploading process in depositories  • Attending important meetings, understanding integration process, requirements, deliverables, milestone dates, taking meeting notes in OneNote and uploading to SharePoint.  • Post Integration: acted as a key person to both CVS and Aetna team members to provide 180+ IT Contract information. Used SAP Ariba, and Emptoris to review/research IT contracts, retrieve Purchase Order to compare cost for synergy savings between two merged companies. IT Project Manager/ Project Coordinator MOHEGAN SUN - Uncasville, CT August 2017 to November 2017 • Responsible for leading the coordination and prioritization of multiple projects within the scope of the Gaming and Hospitality Applications.  • Updated and maintained the project database and critical path for all projects in MSPM and SharePoint.  • Partnered with all divisions and corporate support departments in driving the successful completion of gaming applications according to set timelines.  • Also, participated in testing and evaluation of applications.  • Monitored the Linux servers for any application failure and resolved department trouble tickets and escalated them to the developers.  • Provided assistance to end-user computing, troubleshooting, remoting to computer, user's access complaints, and password resets etc.  • Ensured projects were managed to deliver budget, schedules and that all pertinent project updates and information were promptly communicated to the Project lead.  • Identified issues that required executive-level input for resolution and promptly communicated those issues to the project lead.  • Strong experience of working and developing relationships with Business Clients, Consultants, Vendors and Executive Management, demonstrated leadership skills at directing project teams and/or subordinates.  • All duties were performed in accordance with departmental and Mohegan Sun's policies, practices, procedures and compliance. Project Manager DBSI SERVICES - Bridgewater, NJ December 2016 to August 2017 • Managed multiple projects working with an Agile, Scrum methodology for clients  • Used MS Project, and Excel to track and manage multiple projects, sub- projects, projects duration, dependencies, resource assignments, Milestone dates, critical path, status report, budget allocation, etc.  • Identified appropriate resources to projects, scheduled kick off meetings and had ongoing review of projects status, budget and schedule.  • Coordinated with offshore engineering team to get status report daily and maintained a status log.  • Determined need for and impact of changes in scope of project and submitted a change control for approval to stakeholders.  • Had regular meetings with project team members to ensure communication/understanding of deadlines, assignments and objectives is on schedule and within budget. Project Manager HEWLETT-PACKARD ENTERPRISE - Roseville, CA September 2016 to November 2016 • Worked on Hewlett-Packard Enterprise (HPE) spin-off Seattle Program (Software transformation and Logical Separation), Divestiture Management Office (DMO) projects.  • Accountable for managing 8 DMOIT-Compliance and Legal IT projects, ensuring delivery of L1 and L2 task from design through implementation.  • Worked with IT and Business stakeholder to understand the DMO requirements and identify any risk and put mitigation plan.  • Assured the deliverables of DMO specific Microsoft Project Server (MSPS) artifacts from technical team monitoring various dispositions.  • Communicated project activities and updated MSPS on regular basis to provide visibility to DMO management on project progress.  • Worked with DMO management team for reporting of performance measures and meaningful service level agreements - both at the individual and team level - that align with business objectives  • Used MS Project, MSPS, Visio, PPM ( Project and Portfolio Management), APATE (central depository), ALM and PowerBi.to manage/track projects. Project Manager/ Project Coordinator CIGNA - Bloomfield, CT November 2015 to February 2016 • Management skills with understanding of Specialty Pharmacy Management, its related goals and objectives, operational business workflows, IT processes, offshore transition framework, training, delivery, computer and network access etc.  • Worked closely with Cigna's Information Management and Analytics (CIMA) team to understand comprehensive and clear understanding of business requirements and delivered varieties of reports such as Formulary  • Disruption, Repricing, Network Disruption, and Ad hoc to clients, brokers, sales and underwriters and subsequently training offshore employees with these skills.  • Managed and prioritized informatics requests, escalations, issues, change management that supported business decisions in partnership with Informatics team.  • Used analysis tools such as SQL Excel and MS Access to create custom ad- hoc analyses to support the needs of internal and external customers.  • Used the tool Service Now, to automate the flow of service requested and delivered to customer. Used PPM Clarity to manage projects.  • Conducted peer review on analyses and reports produced by off -shore employees, QA check and troubleshoot issues. Infrastructure Project Manager UNITED TECHNOLOGIES AEROSPACE SYSTEMS - Windsor Locks, CT January 2015 to April 2015 • Managed multiple large and small size projects working with an Agile, Scrum methodology to ensure delivery of high quality work at UTAS (United Technologies Aerospace Systems), including global deployments and Air Force based sites.  • Created Project Charter, Project Plans, Projects Definitions, and Work Breakdown Structures for dozens of projects.  • Managed projects to the triple constraints of scope, schedule and budget from initiation to closing.  • Worked on varieties of projects, including Application Deployments, Decommissioning of Servers, Procurement and Build of Servers, Server Refresh, Server Restoration, adding San storage to servers from start to finish complying with UTAS policies.  • Created and implemented project definitions, schedules, budgets and objectives for multiple projects of high complexity.  • Identified appropriate resources to projects, scheduled kick off meetings and had ongoing review of projects status, budget and schedule.  • Managed costs, schedules and quality by overseeing project deliverables. Tracked budget for each resource assigned to a budget in Performa.  • Determined need for and impact of changes in scope of project and submitted a change control for approval to stakeholders.  • Gained concurrence, approval and consensus from stakeholders regarding the various project aspects and adjusted accordingly.  • Had regular meetings with project team members to ensure communication/understanding of deadlines, assignments and objectives is on schedule and within budget.  • Performed Project Manager Duties for all phases of the project life cycle SDLC from validating /qualifying a request through testing and collateral delivery. Project Manager GE CAPITAL RETAIL BANK - Stamford, CT May 2014 to November 2014 • Lead projects through all Software Development Life cycle (SDLC) phases from project initiation to implementation ensuring Project Management Office (PMO) processes are followed.  • Ensured successful completion of all work executed by the team (on time, on budget, and ensuring quality).  • Maintained project documentation, including project charter, requirements, conceptual design, test plans, schedules, and presentations for all retail projects.  • Distributed meeting minutes of the project status/issues/risk after each meeting with the team.  • Updated and uploaded documents in appropriate folders in Support Center depository for each phase of projects.  • Ensured compliance with the project management methodologies and the Project Management Office processes and standards.  • Worked with business teams and IT development teams regarding issue escalation, critical path, dependencies and issue resolution and had ongoing communication throughout project execution.  • Communicate d with business, IT Leadership, and other key stakeholders regarding project budget, status and milestones.  • Involved in blue project bank merger from GE Capital Retail Bank to Synchrony Bank. Project Manager/ Project Coordinator CIGNA - Bloomfield, CT November 2012 to August 2013 • Managed end-to-end service delivery to client "Cigna Healthcare" using "Agile/Scrum methodology of on-time delivery.  • In charge of Windows 7 Migration project. Collected all the lap tops from different sites nationwide and kept inventory of IP address and laptop counts in Excel spreadsheets.  • Coordinated, had meetings and correspondence with Cigna Infrastructure manager and third party CompuCom managers daily about the status of the Migration.  • Monitored project milestones and phases to ensure the project stays within Service Level Agreement (SLA)  • Performed project planning, tracking and oversight to ensure project(s) are completed on schedule and within budget.  • Used MS Project for budgeting, scheduling, status reporting, planning and error tracking and correcting.  • Notify team of project timelines, milestones, phases, work requests target dates, and approved executable work package.  • Communicated effectively to deliver change strategies, build relationships, and inspired engineers and technicians to implement changes effectively on time.  • Served as the primary point of contact for all escalating issues and managed them professionally.  • Testing the Remedy software to make sure all module of the software are working including generating report in Excel.  • Extensive coordination with onsite engineering team (nationwide servicing Cigna) and offshore engineering team to solve any incorrect or missing information in Remedy.  • Coordinated resources and managed the process and communication for various aspects of the overall change management program. This included communicating all risks and issues and escalating where appropriate, in order to meet deliverables  • Used PPM Clarity software to track the progress and manage projects.  • Uploaded documents in Service Now and edited frequently.  • Monitored ticket queue constantly using Remedy software from breaching Service Level Agreement (SLA). IT Coordinator MANCHESTER COMMUNITY COLLEGE - Manchester, CT September 1999 to March 2013 • Worked with college Banner Student Information System such as Blackboard Learn, WebCT Vista, Wiki etc.  • Tested and worked with latest versions of banner system on various browsers.  • Assisted students and staff with Banner System, such as resetting their user name & passwords, course & hw upload, personal Information entry and updates, and helping them in navigating college Banner System.  • Troubleshoot and analyzed issues, including thinking out of the box various problems into logging in Banner System that student can come across.  • Ensured accuracy, security, and confidentiality in maintaining students information such as financial aid, grades etc.  • Remotely helped distance learning students with the banner system with Personal Account Information, Course Registration, Catalog download and look up, search skills, grades, credit card and banking information, on-line course enrollment etc.  • Responsible for testing and verifying software's installed on computers and keeping track of the defects and any computer issues. QA Project Coordinator NXEGEN - Middletown, CT September 2011 to January 2012 • Provided in house operations for Nxegen Real-Time Information Systems (RTIS) energy monitoring system  • Monitored RTIS energy conservation data through various communication devices such as IP link, routers, repeaters  • Troubleshot various communication software's such for IP Link, web server, communication server for missing data.  • Created installation qualification, procedure qualification protocols, Test Strategy and Responsible for working with different phases of the SDLC in the Validation process.  • Wrote Operational Qualification and Performance Qualification Test Scripts.  • Responsible for running fully developed regression suite for over 25+ energy scripts in binary data throughout the full SDLC through full deployment of the application.  • Created traceability matrices to trace all levels of requirements and test cases to software requirements. Participated in testing requirements/use case walk-through meetings to understand the applications business process and to gather testing requirements. Education Bachelors in Science Technology in Science Technology Charter Oak State College - New Britain, CT Associate Degree in Computer Information System Manchester Community - Manchester, CT Skills Version control, Ms project, Sharepoint, Subversion, Visio, Sdlc, Ariba, Ms access, Remedy, Sap, Document management, Bugzilla, Jira, Quick test, Quick test pro, Selenium, Document management system, Documentum, Minitab, Excel Additional Information • Mergers and Acquisitions  • Vendor & Third party Management  • Ticket Monitoring/escalating, SLA Management (Remedy, Service Now)  • Service delivery  • Team building/Global Teams  • Training/Coaching  • Pharmacy Data Analytics;  • Budgeting  • Scope Management  • PM Triple constraint management  • Credit Card transactions  • Migrations  • Spin-offs  • Compliance and Legal    TECHNICAL SKILLS    Software/Databases: Microsoft Office suite, MS Word, MS Excel, MS Access, MS Power Point, MS Project, MSPS, MS Visio, WordPerfect, JIRA Kanban, Service Now, SharePoint    Methodologies: SDLC    Others: Twiki (Document Management System), Subversion (version control system), Quality Center, Quick Test Pro, Test Director 8.0, Win runner, LoadRunner, PR Tracker, Bugzilla, Selenium, Oxygen, CSharp.Net, Lab view, SAP Ariba, Emptoris, Plainview, PPM Clarity, Documentum, Lawpack, Minitab, Remedy, Heat , Astea, Intralinks, RRD Donnelley