Project Principal (Digital) <span class="hl">Project</span> Principal (Digital) Project Principal (Digital) - MetLife Alpharetta, GA Work Experience Project Principal (Digital) MetLife - Cary, NC June 2019 to Present Manages and oversee multiple projects - end-to-end project management activities such as project Initiation, project planning, monitoring & execution, project reporting, issue/risk identification and tracking, scope management, estimation, client management, relationship management and other project documentation preparation for projects of high complexity.  • Currently working on application modernization program (Group Benefits) on migrating legacy applications to a single platform  • Manage programs that are of medium to large size, duration and complexity and Working with many areas of the organization, typically at the functional and enterprise level  • Oversee teams focused on delivering small, medium, and large-scale projects and/or programs across both Full-Time Employee (FTE) and Vendor resources.  • Leading IT program teams (virtual, matrix) medium to large in size, duration and complexity, and manage programs and projects including managing stakeholder expectations, communications, budget management, schedule management, performance reporting, risk management, etc.  • Maintain scope, cost and extreme focus on schedule of programs through management of the project or sub- project team and interaction with the Program Sponsor, Project Sponsor(s), including development, QA, UAT, and maintenance of program management plan and communications management. Assistant Director - Global IT Services (Global Tax) EY - Alpharetta, GA March 2017 to May 2019 Spearhead application development and Infrastructure provisioning projects in integral role as Senior Project Manager for global IT business operations. Oversee and direct multiple simultaneous projects in global delivery model. Leverage project management expertise to ensure on-time and within budget execution of projects, from conception to completion. Ensured delivery of projects in proper alignment with business and technology strategies and within defined governance processes.  • Currently managing multiple projects for Tax Portfolio. SAF-T Application development project for Norway BU and platform transition project for Canada BU, Infrastructure provisioning project for Germany BU, Information Security project for Italy BU. Leading teams located in USA, Canada, UK, Norway, India, Germany and Poland.  • Delivered project scope to ensure quality outcomes, including strategic planning, budgeting, scheduling, risk mitigation, and stakeholder management.  • Reported on approved project baseline variance by analyzing, planning, and managing changes.  • Accomplished objectives and fulfilled defined needs by expertly monitoring productivity and performance of team.  • Formalized acceptance of project results and released project resources following closure of projects. Achieved optimal project results by performing gate reviews and quality assurance reviews with various entities within organization. Senior IT Project Manager/ IT Portfolio Manager MetLife August 2016 to March 2017 Application Maintenance and Support (August 2016 - March 2017)  Led complex portfolio transition & Maintenance project in key role as Senior IT Project Manager/ IT Portfolio Manager. Performed application maintenance, support, service request management, incident management, and problem resolution for 36 applications in GVWB Portfolio.  • Defined, planned, built, and assessed IT Investment portfolio mix by acting as liaison between IT group, lines of business and stakeholders. Managed Medium / Minor enhancements, SR and Incident management for 36 applications  • Ensured on-time and accurate reporting, tracking, follow-up, and communication of problems with user community through management of daily activities of production control. Improved long-term strategic planning by performing comprehensive analysis of portfolio and advising on project/program pipeline and delivery risk.  • Ensured effective and quality delivery by developing and selecting messages to communicate to executive audience.  • Provided management of project pipeline by facilitating development of early and late stage estimates for effective prioritization and alignment with business and technology strategies.  • Oversaw and managed matrix team of 16 onshore team members and 85+ offshore team members through utilization of professional project management techniques. MetLife - Greenville, SC September 2003 to March 2017 Senior IT Project Manager/ IT Project Manager MetLife - Alpharetta, GA June 2013 to July 2016 Alpharetta, GA  Project: Keystone - Program Integration Projects (June 2013 - July 2016)  Spearheaded multi-year, multi-million-dollar program integration project in role as Senior IT Project Manager/ IT Project Manager. Ensured successful development and execution of highly complex application enhancement/functional integration/data integration projects with focus on transitioning Property and Casualty business (IHG) from AS400 to .Net Platform.  • Ensured project remained aligned to SLAs, scope, budget, and schedule by overseeing and directing work of team members.  • Periodically communicated with project stakeholders to provide details on tracking, control, and reports.  • Maximized customer satisfaction as SPOC to customer on project-related activities by delivering reports, propelling business value, managing expectations, building client relationships, and participating in client visits.  • Completely managed project scope and estimation by conducting interviews, leading workshops, and issuing clarification discussions, reviewing documentation, ensuring traceability, and performing change management.  • Implemented relevant SDLC activities, including transition, project resource planning, risk planning knowledge management, unit / org activities, quality & compliance tracking, contract / proposal development / Team Management. IT Project Manager MetLife April 2011 to June 2013 Project: Policy Management, Underwriting, Accounting Application Development Projects (April 2011 - June 2013)  Managed complex application development projects in role as IT Project Manager. Led enhancing projects to adapt applications to payment card industry (PCI) standards. Led policy management and claims management functional & technical enhancements.  • Ensured successful delivery of project by providing program management, risk management, creation/maintenance of project budget, and reporting to Senior Management team.  • Maximized success of project teams by reviewing project guidelines with team, clarifying roles, creating project plan and task breakdown, and establishing project milestones. Technology Lead MetLife July 2010 to April 2011 to provide direction for development team. Lead technical/functional challenges incurred as result of enhancing existing application for different line of business. Facilitated Software Development Lifecycle by applying technical proficiency across various stages, including requirements elicitation, application architecture definition and design.  • Improved business efficiency and effectiveness through strategic development of solutions for problems in policy management, claims, and general ledger-related functionalities. Achieved goals of project by delivering high-quality code deliverables for module, led validation for all types of testing and support activities, and created high-level design artifacts. Technology Lead MetLife November 2009 to July 2010 Project: Oracle to SQL Server Database Migration Project (November 2009 - July 2010)  Provided leadership and direction for complex project as Technology Lead. Fulfilled project scope - migration of existing production application database from Oracle to SQL server, providing strategic plan to overcome major complexity due to transaction model.  • Developed and implemented innovative plan to effectively ensure migration of entire transaction rollback mechanism. Technology Lead/Programmer Analyst/Software Engineer MetLife February 2006 to November 2009 to effectively lead and support production support team composed of offshore and onshore members. Provided design, development, and implementation of P&C Insurance functionalities.  • Delivered 100+ incremental support and enhancement builds/components to production over time span of 3 years.  • Enhancement & L3 Support by leading and collaborating with teams throughout all stages of SDLC. Software Engineer MetLife September 2003 to February 2006 Project: 'Xpress' Application Testing and Development (September 2003 - February 2006)  Designed, coded, and tested P&C functionalities in role as Software Engineer (part of development team). Collaborated with testing team with involvement in test plan design and test plan execution activities. Education Master of Engineering in Production Engineering in Production Engineering Madurai Kamaraj University - Madurai, Tamil Nadu 2002 Bachelor of Engineering in Mechanical Engineering in Mechanical Engineering Madurai Kamaraj University - Madurai, Tamil Nadu 2001 Skills Pmp, .net, Visual studio, C#, .net framework 4.5, Microsoft .net, Microsoft .net framework 4.5, Wcf, Ms project, Vb.net, Visual basic, Provisioning, Itil, Application design, Mvc, Asp, Asp.net, Sql server, Oracle, Sql Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/karthik-kathirvel-1009976b Additional Information Areas of Expertise    ? Delivery Management (PMP) ? Portfolio & Project Management ? Agile & Waterfall Execution  ? Application Design and Development ? Application Maintenance ? Infrastructure Provisioning  ? Global Delivery Model ? Client Interfacing ? Vendor Engagement  ? Management Consulting ? SAFe Certified Practitioner ? ITIL Framework    Technical & Domain Proficiencies    Technical:  Microsoft .Net Framework 4.5, C#, VB.Net, ASP.Net, MVC, WCF, Visual Studio, SQL Server, SSRS, Oracle, Visual Basic, MS Project, Project Server, TFS, SendGrid, ReSharper, Azure Infrastructure, On Premise Infrastructure    Domain: Insurance, Financial Services