PMO Consultant PMO Consultant PMO Consultant - ESTÉE LAUDER COMPANIES New York, NY Work Experience PMO Consultant ESTÉE LAUDER COMPANIES - New York, NY 2017 to Present Delivering PMO consulting services to global prestige beauty and cosmetics company. Leading the deployment of IBM TRIRIGA cloud solution in North America, Europe, Middle East, Africa, Asia Pacific, Latin America and the United Kingdom. When fully implemented in the July of 2019 in conjunction with new business processes, it will transform administration of all leases and achieve compliance with new US and international lease accounting standards in effect. Manager of Project Services ROSE ASSOCIATES - New York, NY 2011 to 2017 Established the project management office at Manhattan-based real estate firm. Developed the methodology, templates and techniques to execute technology projects. Worked with project teams to implement various third-party applications and property management systems. Responsible for requirements gathering and Requests for Proposal to select software. Conducted process workshops with each rollout. Supervised project management staff and contractors.    • Integrated AvidInvoice with legacy system's Accounts Payable to more efficiently process an average of 90,000 vendor invoices per year. Recognized with Implementation Excellence Award by AvidXchange.  • Deployed multifamily, owner-occupied and commercial properties on ClickPay's resident billing and online payment solution expediting the firm's cash flow while at the same time offering a convenience to residents.  • Migrated a legacy property management system to the MRI Version X Suite for 12,000 multifamily and owner-occupied units plus 175 commercial leases. Achieved seamless transition of existing integrations to MRI.  • Provided project management support for client-requested implementations of the Yardi Voyager and RealPage property management systems for specific portfolios.  • Rolled out the Sage 300 Construction and Real Estate system replacing the manual process for estimating, development project management and job costing. Integrated with TimberScan for Accounts Payable routing and approval of development project invoices.  • Implemented Microsoft Dynamics CRM with the Ascendix Real Estate add-on. Facilitated business development of residential property management, commercial leasing and real estate development opportunities.  • Administered training program consisting of instructor-led training, webinars, self-paced training and coaching for end users. Created customized training content and business process documentation. Conducted training prior to software testing and Go Live. Trained new hires and re-trained existing users as needed. IT Project Manager HOLT CAT - San Antonio, TX 2002 to 2011 Pioneered formal project management function in the Finance and IT Division at largest U.S. Caterpillar dealership. Instituted methodologies and best practices throughout the project life cycle, including managing scope, time, cost, risk, change and resources. Led large-scale projects to accomplish process improvement and IT initiatives. Conducted end user training for all systems.    • Managed the pilot conversion of the Dealer Business System (DBSi) integrated with the CODA Accounting System for 20 store locations with a team of over 100 members representing all divisions. Developed the conversion plan and testing procedures. Augmented by project branding, extensive training and Change Management Plan. Pilot became the model for subsequent Caterpillar conversions. Honored with Caterpillar DBSi Pilot Implementation Award.  • For different lines of business, implemented CRM solutions: Microsoft Dynamics CRM for the Power Systems Division and Salesforce for the Machine Division. Trained users on managing their sales activities.  • Collaborated with Integrated Rental Systems and other Caterpillar partners to develop a web-based heavy equipment rental application. Employed at HOLT CAT and at other Caterpillar dealerships to simplify the rental process and fleet management.  • Instituted a new Call Center methodology for routing and dispatching of service technicians for after-hours customer calls. Resulted in 30% increase in customer satisfaction.  • Contributed to the development of a customer program called "Let's Partner Up". Trained Sales, Parts and Service teams on creating an outstanding customer service experience. Education MASTER OF BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION in Accounting & Finance University of Texas - San Antonio, TX BACHELOR OF ARTS in Government University of Notre Dame - Notre Dame, IN CERTIFICATION University of Texas - Austin, TX Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) Driver's License