IT Program Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> Program Manager Lakewood Ranch, FL An exceptional customer facing Project Manager with proven experience leading IT-based business transformation initiatives for nearly 10 years within the insurance and retail industries.  • Led numerous complex projects with multiple workstreams simultaneously throughout the entire life cycle using the various SDLC processes of waterfall, agile, and iterative; while maximizing business process management improvements, business architecture, and requirements through testing to implementation.  • Executed multiple projects simultaneously totaling over $15 million budget and concurrently managed nearly 65 associates across these multiple projects throughout several countries. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Program Manager Jabil Inc - Saint Petersburg, FL September 2018 to Present As member of the EMS team, managed the Factory of the Future program in Guadalajara and Uzhgorod.  Managed the $6.4 million budget across two locations that included 71 distinct deliverables from seven workstreams.  Led the efforts of 12 project managers and 13 product owners.  Monitored and controlled the 37 different projects across two sites and seven workstreams  Coordinated the reporting of status to various levels of management while managing risks, issues, and change controls.  Trained product owners effective project management processes for successful project releases. Sr. Project Manager / Scrum Master Trissential - Sarasota, FL August 2017 to April 2018 As member of the FCCI Insurance Group team, executed all phases of the project with multiple workstreams from scope definition to warranty period following production release.  • Completed Requests for Proposals covering two distinct elements within the same project (platform and website design & construction) that resulted in successfully executing two contracts within budgetary and timing constraints.  • Coordinated the three teams working with different methodologies (agile and iterative).  • Coordinated with the five different vendors simultaneously on various aspects of the project, including platform, software, implementation, testing, and text services with a $2 million budget.  • Facilitated changes and status through product owners up to the CEO.  • Reported status weekly to a three-member Steering Committee that included a Board of Directors member, and reported status quarterly to the CEO, CFO, & CIO.  • Delivered final product: www.fcci-group.com. Program Manager / Scrum Master Kforce - Lakewood Ranch, FL May 2016 to August 2017 As member of the International Business Machine (IBM) team, executed all phases of projects from scope definition to warranty period following production release (100% remote).  • Accelerated programs by overseeing multiple complex projects (up to six to seven projects rolled up to the program, which included 20-25 resources) with scope of onboarding Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) offerings to the cloud (IBM Marketplace).  • Communicated all progress, risk, issue, and blocker status of the program to various levels of management.  • Planned and executed multiple sprints as a scrum master, while simultaneously maintaining the backlog with executives’ directives of priority assigned to epics, features, and stories. Sr. Project Manager / Scrum Master Princeton Information - Clearwater, FL July 2015 to April 2016 As member of the Insurance Administrative Solutions (IAS) & HealthPlan Services (HPS) teams, executed all phases of the project from scope definition to warranty period following production release.  • Simultaneously led multiple teams of over 60 individuals and $6.75 million budget with multifaceted skills and several layers of management that included the company president & CIO and the client’s president in a waterfall approach.  • Projects included internal improvement efforts migrating to a new system and projects to on-board new Medicare Supplement-based insurance companies, infrastructure to stand-up seven different projects’ multiple testing environments, including data migration & conversion, and performance testing.  • Other projects involved on-board new Health Insurance Exchange-based insurance companies (served both on-exchange and off-exchange products).  • Managed stakeholders from various parts of the organizations at all levels of management by utilizing multiple workstreams. IT Consultant [ Project Manager] Sapient/Nitro - Boca Raton, FL April 2014 to February 2015 As member of the ADT team, executed client expectations regarding requirements, solutions, and quality assurance.  • Directed project changes, coordinated resource assignments with other managers, implemented project plan and timeline, and implementations.  • Led project teams that included cross-sectional representation of resources of 15 team members, with deliverables that included RACI matrix, process flows and narratives, charters, risk / issue / change plans, communication plans, and other project documentation.  • Solicited and managed requirements, releases, and testing & defects through JIRA and HP Quality Center.  • Led requirements team of seven to ten associates and client employees in gathering system requirements for a new solution to bring the client into an electronic order management system from a pure paper-based system.  • Produced the pricing of the services and equipment offered by the client across the USA and Canada through multiple sales channels. IT Project Manager / Scrum Master Focus Technologies LLC - Sarasota, FL January 2012 to December 2013 Spearheaded P&C insurance-based complex projects for multiple clients to implement various applications in an Agile environment using JIRA to monitor sprints as a Scrum Master.  • Delivered proposals to executive management, while providing guidance to the team on insurance and information technology related items as a subject matter expert and leader.  • Executed 3-week and 4-week sprints to release fix, upgrade, and newly developed property and casualty insurance applications.  • Led teams of 10+ resources across all functions.  • Produced project changes, resource assignments and tasks, timeline, and implementations.  • Developed requirements, technical specifications, mobile and desktop specific designs, and responsive designs for Java-based insurance applications.  • Conceptualized necessary guidance as a subject matter expert to the executive team on various insurance solutions in Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) product offering.  • Clients included Security First, Southern Oak, and SafePoint insurance companies, within the personal and commercial lines of business. IT Project Manager UST Global - Bentonville, AR May 2010 to January 2012 As a partner with the Walmart team, led multiple complex projects in the international store division.  • Utilized MS Project®, Clarity, and Open Workbench, and HPQC to control and manage the project team, risks, issues, changes, and the schedule.  • Initiated Function Point analysis to assess project change requests and re-baseline the project schedule as needed.  • Managed multiple complex Java-based projects simultaneously totaling $15 million budget and concurrently managed nearly 65 associates across these POS projects throughout several countries.  • Drafted and executed project changes, budget increase requests, resource task assignments, project plans and timelines, and implementations. IT Business Analyst State Farm Insurance Company - Bloomington, IL January 2000 to April 2010 While supporting the claims organization, achieved outstanding results for over ten years with many different types of efforts, ranging from hardware projects to administering cost-saving programs through business process management.  • Responsible for both the personal lines businesses and IT side of systems development, holding duties in (but not limited to): gathering of requirements, documenting, understanding business process needs and IT’s role in leveraging those needs, generating functional specs, bridging the IT side in developing new systems, and the business side in creating and supporting new systems.  • Spearheaded and executed deliverables include process flows & corresponding narratives, RACI matrix, new and updating SOPs, charters, risk / issue / change plans, communication plans, and other project documentation as needed, such as project plans and project budgets through Earned Value analysis.  • Initiated and enhanced business gap to migrate claims department from ICD9 to ICD10.  • While supporting the company-wide use of electronic funds transfer (EFT), managed the use of and updates to the EDI 835 transmissions flowing with each EFT for medical bills and other claims payments to service providers (EDI 820). Personal Lines Claim Specialist State Farm Insurance Company - Anchorage, AK November 1991 to January 2000 Investigated automobile accidents for negligence, policy coverage, property damage, and bodily injury claims.  • Managed numerous medical claims using ICD9 and CPT codes on HCFA forms simultaneously.  • Negotiated settlements with insureds, claimants, attorneys, and other insurance companies.  • Responded to various special catastrophes providing emergency assistance to policyholders’ insurance needs with their personal lines automobile and homeowner’s policies.  • Trained and mentored new employees in the computer system, state regulations, legal environment and process & procedures. Education BACHELOR OF BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION in Finance University of San Diego June 2020 DOCTOR OF MANAGEMENT in ORGANIZATIONAL LEADERSHIP University of Phoenix October 2018 MASTER OF BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION in Finance University of Pittsburgh Skills Scrum Master, Agile Scrum, Jira, PM, Waterfall, PMP, Software Development, SDLC, Information Technology, PM, Project Management, Waterfall, SDLC, PMP, Program Management, PMI Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/reidbutleriii Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) June 2011 to June 2020 CPCU March 2010 to Present Additional Information Program Manager / Project Manager / Scrum Master: Improved the management of issues, risks, and changes. Planned & scheduled work for team and provided status updates across multiple levels of management. Guided teams while conceptualizing, maintaining, and communicating clear direction. Optimized budgets for projects that exceed $15 million with stakeholders and resources spanning multiple countries, within multiple levels of management from entry-level up to C-level executives. As the primary customer facing point of contact, managed and directed all communication among project team members, stakeholders, multiple vendors, and sponsors at all levels of the enterprise. Reviewed and approved deliverables from project team. Delivered documentation, communication, execution of plans, and multi-tasking through effective prioritization and problem solving. PMP with knowledge of PMBOK Sixth Edition.  Project Management: MS Project, Clarity, Planview, Workfront, HPQC, Resource Management, Slack, Scheduling, Planning, Sprint Management (epics, features, stories, burn downs, backlog, spring planning, daily stand-ups), Agile (JIRA), Scrum Master, Waterfall, Iterative, Cross-Functional and Multi-National teams and communications, Project Plans (Issues, Risks, Changes, Resources, Budget, Quality, Schedule, Scope, Procurement / Vendor, Integration), Triple Constraint, Organizational Readiness, Training.  Techniques: SWOT, Fishbone, Root Cause, Use Cases, JAD, Cost/Benefit, Lessons Learned, Re-Use, BPM/Re-engineering, Function Point Analysis.  Documentation: Communication (customer facing and internal), Project Plans (Issues, Risks, Changes, Resources, Budget, Quality, Schedule, Scope, Procurement, Integration), Requirements, Traceability, UI Design, User Experience, Testing, Implementation.  Industries: P&C Insurance, Retail/POS, Medicare Supplement, Medical Management (ICD9 / ICD10), EDI (834 / 820), EFT, Knowledge Management, Order Management, Application Development, Web Development, Mobile UI Design, Salesforce.com, Cloud Management, SaaS / IaaS / PaaS.  Teams: Transformation and charismatic leadership, focus on effective communication, mentorship, large and small teams, on shore and off shore teams, multiple vendors on a single effort, managing multiple teams simultaneously, led customer facing and internal improvement projects.