IT Director <span class="hl">IT</span> Director IT Director Irving, TX A leader with over 15years experience in information technology project management, and agile/SCRUM, experienced in cloud, DevOps, Salesforce, e-commerce new product development, CI/CD, and Business Intelligence data management platforms. Served as a trusted technical advisor to the executive leadership team ensuring that overall technology vision and strategy supports the company's strategic initiatives. Experienced in a wide variety of market segments and industries including Aerospace, Government, Finance, Retail Management Systems, Healthcare & Life Sciences, Desktop/Mobile Software Development, and Network and Software Architecture.    • Translate Executive vision across departments and business units, aligning projects through collaboration and effective communication to match the proper technology with the needs of the organization.  • Experienced in IT auditing, security penetration testing, and process efficiency and improvement in an agile environment.  • Responsible for product planning, integration, and execution throughout the product lifecycle, including: gathering and prioritizing product and customer requirements, defining the product vision, strategy and roadmap, working closely with the developers, UX/UI designers, Sr. management on daily basis, also with sales, marketing and support departments to ensure revenue and deliverables are met.  • Over 10years experience in building and designing data warehouses, software integration, and establishing and developing ERP & financial and back office systems.  • Skilled in Strategic Planning and Implementation; PMI & Agile Development Processes and Management of remote teams; able to prioritize effectively, multi-task and achieve objectives within time and budget.  • Proven success at turning new ideas into launched products through building successful cross-functional teams, fostering a culture of design-driven product development and user experience innovation, and rolling up sleeves to get the details right.  • Equally capable at delving into product requirements and negotiating with engineers as presenting to executive-level customer decision-makers and industry analysts. With an extremely strong cross-organization collaboration, negotiation and team building skills. Work Experience IT Director Penhall Company - Irving, TX June 2018 to May 2019 Managed a team of IT, Networking, and Help Desk employees, consultants, and vendors to provide optimal high customer service to the organization. Provided strategic vision and overall leadership in the day-to-day operations of the data processing, Management Information/Information Technologies Systems, hardware, support tools, project implementation, and equipment for an international company.  • Created report data warehouse from old AS400 DB2 database, in Azure cloud environment for accounting reporting and auditing.  • Advanced experience with Identity Access Management policy and role management in the AWS and Azure environment  • Hands on penetration testing using scan tools for remediation of security vulnerabilities, and auditing in our Linux, Windows, Hadoop, Azure, and AWS environments.  • Reduced department expenditures saving the company over 3.2 million dollars in the first 5 months, by reviewing redundant software and services and eliminated excess.  • In the first six months simultaneously managed five large corporate initiatives of a new VoIP phone system, a new ERP system, a new television information streaming network, network infrastructure upgrade, and elimination and conversion of vendor technology.  • Hands on experience with monitoring tools such as AWS CloudWatch, Datadog, AppDynamics, and Elastic Search  • Negotiated purchases of computers and peripheral equipment. Oversaw the installation, operation, and maintenance of computer systems, work stations, IT Hardware, phone systems, and various software. Senior Project Manager / SCRUM Master G6 Hospitality, LLC - Carrollton, TX February 2016 to April 2018 Managed over $27 million annual budget and manage thirteen direct reports. Create and update technical architecture documentation and schematics and present these to various stakeholders at all levels with explanation of business, volume and workflow impacts.  • Created a BI Financial Data Warehouse using OBIEE giving near real time financial information to operations in the field, and marking data to sales and operations allowing for multidimensional data.  • Experience implementing role-based security, including AD integration, and security policies.  • Implemented various programs such as: JIRA, GIT, Oracle Business Intelligence (OBIEE), Dayforce HCM, Oracle eBusiness Suite and Supply Chain Management; collectively resulting in a savings of $1 Million annually.  • Implemented Spark for distributed processing framework and programming model that helped us do machine learning, stream processing, and graph analytics using Amazon EMR clusters to give real time information of sales and room rate fluxions to marketing and management to get the highest profitability out of each room rented.  • Review applications and consolidated establishing an automated solution for Accounts Receivable and Collections with complete life cycle for AR & Advance Collection e-commerce customer self-service portal implementation recovering $1.8 million annually in bad debt. BI Director/ Project Manager Apptricity Corporation - Irving, TX July 2013 to February 2016 Lead Apptricity Supply Chain Management and Financials Business Intelligence teams for advance solutions to automate operations with over $1.5 million in sales for the product lines. Responsible for understanding of the needs of the market and translation to world-class product innovations in creation and management of the communication plan and project charter. Provided overall leadership for multiple JAVA development project teams and acted as front-line contact with clients on project related issues, responding to concerns with clear and concise feedback.  • Developed SaaS production data warehouses for integration and automation of reporting and customizable integrated key performance indexes dashboards having a SQL star schema data warehouse.  • Designed separated data warehouse from SaaS application database to allow for faster report generation and data mining that the traditional application relationship database wouldn't accommodate surrogate keys and dimensional data in slowly changing dimensional tables.  • Guided and lead the team that developed the Apptricity integration engine that connects directly to existing systems, providing a robust cross-functional solution and maximizing the value of corporate resources utilizing Cognos, SAP BPC, Hyperion, TIBCO Jaspersoft, and Crystal Reports.  • Scrum Master for large multi-million dollar client accounts using Jira with Greenhopper, including Nestle, Disney, Lockheed Martin, US Air National Guard, NASA, Merit Logistics, Home Depot, Kroger  • Instituted new process and procedures for project management, including an integrated master schedule, corporate process flow schematics, employee discipline and conflict resolution policies, tiered customer support structure, and business continuity manual.  • Responsible for JAVA SE 8 coding on Eclipse Juno and peer unit testing QA review of junior developers  • As the functional DevOps Engineer I worked with the developers and the IT staff to oversee the code releases. Moved the system environment to SaaS Docker container platform where we started using Atlassian's JIRA, Bitbucket, Jenkins, and Maven to have CI/CD from Development to Staging for proper QA testing. Program Manager U.S. Army Contracting Command - Huntsville, AL April 2011 to July 2013 Oversaw the efforts, across technical teams, on the best practices of gathering requirements, architecture and executing the overall design and build phases to ensure application solutions and related infrastructures were strategically aligned for the G6, Office of the CIO.    • Supporting systems infrastructure operations, upgrades, deployments, and monitoring with KPIs and dashboard reporting to Executive Leadership.  • Migrated the US Army's requisition data warehouse and SharePoint 2007 to DISSA's Secure Data Centers SharePoint 2010 deck and made it the premier site of "BIG" data integration and document repository replacing Army Knowledge Online for all the US Army.  • Administered all Agile/Scrum process and assisted junior staff on creating a premier ticketing system utilizing SharePoint.  • Executed a $10 million annual contract while reducing annual operation budget by $500 thousand through lean budget planning and oversight without reducing staff or efficiency.  • Spearheaded all operations for IT centric project management office, and oversaw CIO projects, timelines, schedules, and budgets.  • Integrated and consolidated U.S. Army Contracting Command HQ along with its subcommands to include migration of Datacenter while maintaining full operations. Financial IT Administrator NASA - Las Cruces, NM October 2008 to April 2011 Lead all Business Intelligence and Data Warehouse efforts. Led development, maintenance and support of ERP application (Lawson/Infor: GL, HR, AP, Payroll), internal custom applications, and web services products. Created and managed annual departmental budget including $10 million CapEx budget and $6 million OpEx budget.  • Facilitated roll-out of new products for NASA by successfully integrating COBAL, SAP, ORACLE, MS SQL, and MS Project database into a single date warehouse repository for real time information.  • Delivered new analytics and reporting capabilities by completing Enterprise Data Warehouse project which affords users accurate insight into project and department funding and budgets.  • Created strategic plan for future-state Data Warehousing and Business Intelligence delivery for the enterprise.  • Enhanced field management productivity and provided new analytics by delivering COTS Goal Dashboard and budget vs. actuals application to all locations eliminating unforeseen budget overruns. IT Manager EP Fitness - El Paso, TX April 2006 to October 2008 Lead the team for a city wide gym chain, implementing new accounting software, VPN WAN, upgraded video security, and reducing overhead costs annually by almost $2million.  • Invented new technology resulting in three US Patents in Science and Technology, for Biometric finger printer recognition access, with a FOX news video on the innovation. Created a new wireless interactive touchscreen infotainment system that was eventually adapted by the fitness company Precore to use in all of their cardio equipment. Created the first ever web based virtual personal trainer and USB fitness tracking wrist bands long before Fitbit, Samsung, or Apple.  • Project manager for implantation of new VPN WAN, Security Video systems, and electronic contract writers.  • Oversaw and audited the monthly ACH bank drafts for irregularities and issues.  • Optimized POS system to allow for quick reference and Bar Code scanning of items and biometric linked finger printer payment. IT/Documentation Manager Madison Electronics - Versailles, IN July 2000 to March 2006 Reporting directly to the President and CEO upgraded the facility to handle new technologies allowing Madison Electronics to be a leader in small turnkey manufacturing the best quality while still be flexible and agile at a fair price.  • Invented new long range WiFi antenna for coverage of 50,000 SqFt facility without various access points throughout. Received first ever US patent, antenna was eventually picked up and sold commercially through Circuit City.  • Lead the project team to implement and upgrade the company from through hole technology to surface mounted electronics at a cost of over $6.2million  • Created onboarding and training documentation for new employees on use of equipment and how to perform job functions.  • Worked with accounting department to perform payroll and time card audits, DOL, and OSHA compliance. Deputy District Manager Walgreens Pharmacy - Miami, FL January 1998 to June 2000 Managed the Miami/Dade County area Walgreens stores the second largest pharmacy chain in America. Responsible for over 116 locations, and annual combined revenue of $1.651billion.  • Help develop testing and maintenance plans for company's IBM AS400 type computer systems with satellite uplinks during Y2K catastrophe.  • Responsible for onboarding and terminations, and team training  • Programmed and managed the POS & Kronos timecard systems for all the stores in my district. Senior Salesman Radio Shack - Terre Haute, IN September 1992 to December 1997 Worked part time through High School and College, which is where I learned my initial technology skills  • Youngest person ever to earn the Detroit Region Sales Master award all 5 years I worked for the company.  • Earned all the company's certifications in technology and electronics  • Managed and implemented quarterly inventory, and store layout plan-o-gram configuration. Education Master's in Computer Science American Military University - Manassas, VA 2001 to 2005 Bachelor's in Chemistry Indiana State University - Terre Haute, IN 1997 Skills Db2, Sql server, Mysql, Oracle, Sql, Network Security, Active Directory, Sharepoint, Security, Network Administration, VOIP, Wan, Waterfall, Scrum, Strategic Planning, Hiring, Accounting, Financial Analysis, Data Warehousing, OBIEE, Tableau, Qlik, Military, Medical Terminology, Management, Budget Management, Budgeting, Software Development, As400, Implementation, Training & Development, LAN, Forecasting, Basic Html, Relationship Management, Citrix, Customer Service, Excel, Exchange, IT Management, Itil, Vendor Management, Vmware, Manufacturing, Construction Certifications/Licenses MCSE MCDBA CSM CCNA ACSM Certified Personal Trainer CompTIA A+ CompTIA Network+ Security+ HIPAA