SENIOR PROJECT MANAGER SENIOR <span class="hl">PROJECT</span> <span class="hl">MANAGER</span> SENIOR PROJECT MANAGER - LabCorp Martinsville, VA Work Experience SENIOR PROJECT MANAGER LabCorp - Burlington, NC 2018 to Present • Provide on-site leadership for project team by building and motivating team members to meet project goals, adhering to their responsibilities and project milestones.  • Analyzes assigned project plans to validate if project with meet and align operational plans/objectives and recommends mitigation plans.  • Assure milestone adherence and approve mitigation plans when necessary.  • Report release health directly to Executive Committee through weekly status meetings.  • Schedule and facilitate all Release Management meetings.  • Publish release status through weekly Release Management Dashboard.  • Work with multiple IT Teams to create and manage a detailed release implementation plan.  • Direct multi-stage code implementation coordination effort into multiple environments including production.  • Manage post implementation support and report status.  • Create Release Closure Report and present to Executive Committee.  • Collect release feedback from stakeholders for continuous improvement.  • Ensures project plan compliance and that documentation meets regulatory requirements.  • Strong working knowledge of Clarity PPM, Jira.  • Strong working knowledge of MS Suite including Visio, Project, and SharePoint.  • Manages and obtains approval for any scope changes after initial approval.  • Manages project budgets, ensuring expenses stay within established guidelines.  • Assist in dispute, negotiation, arbitration, or litigation, as needed.  • Member of PMI ( Project Management Institute).  • Obtained CSM (Certified Scrum Master) Certification November 2018.    MICHAEL PALMER SENIOR PROJECT MANAGER Burlington, NC, USA |276.790.4770 | mpalmer80@gmail.com  www.linkedin.com/in/mpalmer80  • Project Management • Change Management • Release Management  • Vendor Management • Project Budgeting • Quality Assurance  • Team Leadership    • Agile/SCRUM • Customer Service    A IT MANAGER NEW COLLEGE INSTITUTE 2014 to 2018 • Designed and implemented short and long-term strategic plans to make certain network capacity met existing and future demands.  • Prepared RFPs, bid proposals, contracts, SOWs.  • Responsible for on-site and off-site data centers.  • Managed and ensured optimal operation of all network hardware and equipment including Cisco/Meraki routers, switches, hubs, UPSs.  • Directed a contingent of network analysts and technicians and where necessary, conducted performance reviews and corrective action.  • Provided guidance to junior members and interns of the team.  • Worked with external vendors to support hardware and software. Negotiated access agreements, established SLAs, and ensured contracts were in place.  • Assessed, approved, and administered all equipment, hardware, and software upgrades.  • Managed effectiveness of security solutions including firewalls, anti-virus solutions, and intrusion detection systems. NEW COLLEGE INSTITUTE - Martinsville, VA 2011 to 2018 IT PROJECT MANAGER NEW COLLEGE INSTITUTE 2012 to 2014 As a key driver, pioneered successful operations directing, designing and installing the complete $2 million LAN/WAN  infrastructure utilizing state-of the art technologies to provide network connectivity of PC, videoconferencing, security, and telephone systems (Saved organization $200 k by completing project 2 months ahead of schedule).  • Planned, executed and controlled projects through the project development lifecycle  • Proactively monitor and control all project aspects and provide corrective actions to appropriate stakeholders  • Identified and negotiated schedules, milestones, and resources required to meet project objectives  • Documented and completed all project management deliverables required by the project  • Resolved issues, proactively evaluates project activities, builds contingency plans, executes corrective actions  when necessary and implements risk response plan to manage risk  • Ensured project deliverables meet the business needs and align/support operational plans/objectives and are  delivered accordingly to meet or exceed stakeholder expectations regarding quality, cost, time and scope.  • Assist with project procurement activities - requests for information, requests for proposal, contract  negotiation  • Employ calculated foresight in managing operational, financial and technological aspects of projects based on timelines  and work plans.  • Streamlined project success by delivering sophisticated direction and support communicating, coordinating, and cross  functionally collaborating with project team members, staff, management, technical and non-technical personnel to execute project guidelines with precision specificity and consistently exceed expectations.  • Instrumentally ensured smooth operations minimizing project risk factors by diligently resolving, tracing and escalating  critical issues through weekly meetings with vendors and senior management.  • Rigorously protected system functionality through strategic development and implementation of effective policies and procedures for network security, controls, backup, and disaster recovery.  • Effectively delivered projects on-time, on-budget within scope that meets or exceeds stakeholder expectations. IT NETWORK ENGINEER NEW COLLEGE INSTITUTE 2011 to 2012 • Installed, configured, and supported network equipment including routers, servers, switches, DNS, and DHCP  • Procured network equipment and managed subcontractors involved with network configuration.  • Updating network equipment to the latest firmware releases.  • Reporting network status to senior leadership.  • Technical support for video conferencing and audio visual for classes. TECHNOLOGY COORDINATOR HENRY COUNTY PUBLIC SCHOOLS 2010 to 2012 • Deployed new technologies and revitalizing current systems.  • Planned the system, created cost analyses, ordered supplies, coordinated with vendors.  • Scheduled tests of new system and created training for users of new technology.  • Facilitated productivity as liaison between field technicians, System Engineers and third-party vendors such as Cisco, Apple, HP.    • Worked with Director of Technology and administration on 5-year district strategic plan. HENRY COUNTY PUBLIC SCHOOLS - Collinsville, VA 2007 to 2012 IT SPECIALIST HENRY COUNTY PUBLIC SCHOOLS 2007 to 2009 • Provided support to 3000 users on weekly basis in person, on phone, or by email.  • Assessed infrastructure on a regular basis to ensure in continues to meet necessary demands.  • Managed daily operations of the IT Department.  • Assisted with installation of new hardware and software and help train employees on its use.  • Offered suggestions for possible upgrades and changed within the IT department.  • Responsible for hard wire of classrooms and data centers. RESEARCH GRANT ASSISTANT NORTH CAROLINA A&T STATE UNIVERSITY - Greensboro, NC 2004 to 2007 • Advanced organizational objectives incorporating sharp managerial tact in directing five employees and assisting the Office Manager in interviewing and hiring staff.  • Thoroughly researched and drafted successful grants for the School of Nursing.  • Designed databases for analysis of projects funded by the Centers for Disease Control and other federal agencies. Education Masters of Business Administration in Business Administration AVERETT UNIVERSITY BS in Computer Science NORTH CAROLINA A&T STATE UNIVERSITY Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/mpalmer80