IT Project Manager - Contractor <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> - Contractor IT Project Manager - Contractor - LyondellBasell ? Information Technology Project Manager with the ability to successfully manage complex domestic and international projects. Known for strong attention to detail with excellent communication. Extensive experience with time management, managing multiple projects simultaneously, negotiations, vendor management, budget management, decision making and risk management. Successfully communicates with all levels of management throughout the life cycle of projects. Work Experience IT Project Manager - Contractor LyondellBasell - Houston, TX 2019 to Present Managed Financial projects relating to Master Data, Capital Expense and Public Relations projects of Employee Matching Gifts and Employee Volunteer Portal.  ? Worked with business, IT Business Partners/Analysts and IT Resource Managers to assess and confirm requirements for success.  ? Conducted a series of Project Resource Confirmation meetings with IT Resource Managers and IT Business Partners/Analysts to maximize resource efficiency and produce a project cost estimate.  ? Collaborated with LyondellBasell's project team and vendor to resolve SOW payment schedule issue and confirm scope, resources, timeline and project costs.  ? Piloted automation discussions with business and IT project members on converting manual Financial Master Data upload to SAP via automation. IT Project Manager Academy Sports + Outdoors - Katy, TX 2012 to 2018 Managed PMO and Service Delivery projects in areas of PCI Compliance, Infrastructure, ServiceNow, Human Resources, Payroll, Tax, Treasury, Legal, and Loss Prevention.  ? Engineered organization-wide ServiceNow project that updated Catalog Requests access request forms to paperless, enhancing the user experience.  ? Executed onboarding Talent Assessment and Interview Guide for hourly hiring that interface with the Taleo System, while developing competency based interview guides for job families.  ? Implemented MasterTax to automate payroll tax forms, tax payments and journal entry preparation, while enhancing SOX compliance through the creation of electronic workflows.  ? Directed eDiscovery project to maintain accurate records of business decisions and transactions that were maintained and properly retained in compliance with operational, legal and regulatory demands.  ? Produced Electronic Check Conversion solution to eliminate need to transport paper checks via armored cars and paper check bank processing fees, which greatly increased Academy's cash flow. Professional Development - Houston Area, TX 2010 to 2011 Performed volunteer project work at non-profit organization which included reviewing and allocating resources for projects.  ? Affiliated with several local between job networking organizations in Houston Metro Area.  ? Participated in Webinars enhancing IT and networking knowledge. IT Project Manager/ IT Business Systems Analyst Hewlett-Packard 2002 to 2010 Managed PMO special project deployments related to integration of acquired companies, data center consolidations, server migrations, internal and external audits and software environment upgrades.    ? Launched International Data Center Consolidation projects to retire financial interfaces and applications, while installing new applications to reduce overall HP expenses.  ? Managed Global IT Team with successful Sarbanes Oxley (SOX) audits of SAP General Ledger.  ? Received recognition letter from Ernst & Young on performance at conclusion of SOX project.  ? Led SAP global environment upgrades, directed configuration and financial reporting testing to provide test and production environment stability.  ? Conducted HP Financials Data Server Migration and Upgrade across multiple application and technical teams.  ? Saved HP thousands of dollars through orchestration of SAP Financial IT Team after HP/Compaq merger, identifying global interfaces to SAP from HP and Compaq non SAP environments, which eliminated interfaces and processes no longer in use. Hewlett-Packard - Houston, TX 2000 to 2010 IT Global Manager Hewlett-Packard 2000 to 2002 Coordinated and managed PMO global SAP deployments, mentored and trained co-workers in SAP configuration, and documented SAP implementation process and configuration procedures.  ? Managed SAP IT Financial Team implementation of over 200 company codes.  ? Educated 10 members of the Financial IT Team to configure Financial-General Ledger and Controlling-Cost Center Accounting Modules.  ? Conducted international conference calls and meetings to provide project updates to management, stakeholders, controllership and financial teams.  ? Met with controllership to ensure legal reporting requirements of various countries were met.  ? Instituted SAP FI-GL/CO configuration process and procedures including FI-GL/CO-CCA questionnaire given to countries during initial phase of code configuration.  ? Configured SAP FI-GL/CO for over 100 countries; conducted interviews with several countries controllership and finance teams to gather configuration and local legal reporting requirements.  ? Created IT SAP FI-GL/CO configuration questionnaires to present to local controllership and finance teams during scoping phase of SAP implementation.  ? Traveled to Asia, Canada and Central America to prepare sites for SAP deployment during testing and production go-live phases.  ? Sole US IT representative during Singapore Manufacturing and Headquarters implementation at the Singapore headquarters.  ? Conducted meetings with global controllership, finance teams and manufacturing sites to discuss SAP processes, issues and improvements which reduced escalations, miscommunication and improved teamwork and cohesion. Education Bachelor of Business Administration in Management University of Memphis - Memphis, TN Skills Pmbok, Erp, Change management, Enterprise resource planning, Life cycle, Sharepoint, Visio, Ms office, Benefits, Portfolio management, Best practices, Excel, Outlook, Powerpoint, Word, Steering, Mitigation, Problem solver Additional Information KEY SKILLS    ? PMBOK Standards and Guidelines  ? Project Benefits, Cost, Risk  ? Project Management Life Cycle  ? Project Portfolio Management  ? Contingency, Mitigation Plan Management  ? Change Management  ? Best Practices  ? Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP)  ? Organization and Planning Management  ? MS Office (Outlook, Word, Excel, SharePoint)  ? MS Office ( Project, PowerPoint, Visio)  ? Stakeholder Problem Solver and Trust  ? Project Status Reporting and Tracking  ? Steering Committee Meetings Lead