IT / Vendor Management <span class="hl">IT</span> / Vendor Management Sacramento, CA Versatile professional with both management and IT experience ranging from small private projects to multi-million  dollar corporate projects. Ability to oversee and train large teams of individuals satisfying adherence to quality  assurance standards. Flexibility to assess and implement creative solutions to benefit time spent and improve both  profitability as well as capitalize on current spending all while ensuring timely completion of project deadlines. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT / Vendor Management MyoTechnology - San Jose, CA January 2009 to Present Technical Support professional with strong verbal, listening, and written skills. Comfortable interacting with all levels of the organization and public. Able to negotiate and problem solve quickly and accurately. Adept at multitasking to  achieve individual and team goals. Committed to quality of work and excellent internal and external customer support.    Responsibilities  • Website development team management.  • Web content editing.  • Assisted in the configuration of end user workstation hardware, software, and peripherals.  • Implemented a ticketing system using third party resources to assist in organizing open service requests and monitor document server up time.  • Diagnosed and resolved end-user issues related to pc hardware, local area-network access, and configuration.  • Performed desktop hardware repair and component replacement for workstation PCs.  • Installed LAN cabling systems, network interface cards, hubs and switches.  • Server management remote and onsite.  • Corresponding with mechanical engineers to meet deadlines for product development.  • Assisted with technical writing/ editing of protocols for correct usage of medical equipment being developed by the company. Project Management Analyst ( IT Specialist) Office of Systems Integration; CalHEERS Project - Sacramento, CA January 2018 to February 2019 Performed advanced technical specialist level responsibilities in support of various IT project management processes, including but not limited to communication management, change management, risk and issue management, document  management, process and deliverable management, and release and defect management.    Responsibilities  • Perform research analysis related to technology projects; provide information technology consultation in support of business programs.  • Developed scripts to automate business processes.  • Provide metrics via reports for tracking purposes on current assignments.  • Monitor project milestones and deliverables.  • Develop and sustain cooperative working relationships with project stakeholders.  • Perform release management notification activities for California counties.  • Advise, create, or participate in the design of new internal processes and workflows, communication standards, and methods to support organizational needs.  • Draft, test, and maintain communication processes.  • Conduct research and perform analysis to recommend process improvements. Project Manager, Operations Transcosmos America - Natomas, CA 2017 to January 2018 Managed and lead a team of 50+ individuals. Determined workflow, managed support queues, and scheduling.  Implemented operational policies and procedures. Provided ongoing support to team members, monitored and analysing the current systems and processes, developed strategies for improvement where necessary.  Responsibilities  • Supervised daily department operations and processes to identify areas of opportunity to increase efficiency of employees and established workflows.  • Developed and provided training to employees in various technical skills.  • Analyze and identify all performance related issues and ensure appropriate steps are taken to prevent loss and uphold service contracts.  • Prepared regular reports, performed audits on various operations per business requirements.  • Established and managed internal QA program to ensure employee coaching is growth oriented.  • Responsible for assembling project staff; for staff technical or functional development.  • Interact regularly with clients to determine requirements / develop project plans to meet contract specifications  • Present reports defining plans, challenges, and solutions to various levels of management and project  stakeholders.  • Provided mentoring, coaching and direction setting to team members.  • Established project reporting processes.  • Prepared trend analysis and metrics reports based upon project performance. Project Lead / Middle Management Transcosmos America - Natomas, CA 2014 to 2017 Managed and lead a team of 10 employees. Communicated company goals, safety practices, and deadlines to team.  Motivated and supported team members in goal setting and assessed team performance. Provided assistance to upper  management, including hiring and training.    Responsibilities  • Under Director of operations, established all standard operating procedures and training material for IT  personnel.  • Internal intranet site development / server configuration.  • Contact analysis and quality assurance auditing / reporting used to cross-reference forecast volume to measure project performance as well as identify areas where additional development was needed.  • Participate in meetings with stakeholders presenting "State of Project" information.  • Initiated sub-groups or sub-teams as appropriate to resolve issues and perform tasks in parallel to minimize IT  service request turnaround time.  • Assists in the implementation of new technology, both administrative and/or instructional  • Coordinates and prioritizes project tasks, manages timelines, communicates status to Sr. Project management, Director of Operations, and clients.  • Responsible for documenting Standard Operating Procedure (SOP) instructions for all ongoing software  updates and new resources ensuring smooth transition to the support teams.  • Troubleshooting; responsibility for detecting potential issues and implementing solutions to minimize impact on operations.  • Assists off site IT administrator with on-site projects, software/ hardware installs, upgrades, and maintenance. Education High school or equivalent in General Studies Whitney High School - Rocklin, CA Skills Microsoft Excel, Excel, Sales, Accounts Payable, Outlook, Receptionist, Administrative Assistant, Data Entry, Microsoft Office, Microsoft Word Assessments Basic Computer Skills: PC — Highly Proficient June 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to perform basic computer operations, navigate a Windows OS, and troubleshoot common computer problems. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/7s1d52lr-cwljji6 Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information COURSES / CERTIFICATIONS  Agile Velocity Measurement & Capacity Planning - Course  User Story Fundamentals - Course  User Story Level of Effort Estimation - Course  Agile Concepts (Agile Frameworks & Anti-patterns) - Course  Facilitation of Agile Ceremonies - Course  Agile Roles and Responsibilities - Course  Agile Measurement Metrics - Course  Agile for Business Analysts & Backlog Refinement - Course  Time Management and Prioritization - Certification  Completed Staff Work - Certification