Senior IT Project Manager Senior <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Senior IT Project Manager - Robert Half Delaware, OH Exceptional leader in Multiple IT disciplines. Proven vendor management skills. Several high profile Projects lead from inception to completion. Demonstrated ability working as a PM and Project Coordinator for high profile projects. Many years of experience leading IT teams to capture new technology and build a profitable organization Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior IT Project Manager Robert Half - Columbus, OH February 2019 to Present • Leading Windows 7 to Windows 10 migration for US and global offices.  • Followed existing PM processes and tailored the framework to best suit this project.  • Application validation for Windows 10 compatibility  • SCCM packaging and imaging leadership.  • Provided leadership to the technical team and maintained relationships with stakeholders.  • Closely monitored and tracked projects on scope, schedule, budget, resources and quality.  • Compiled project status reports and presented to senior management and stakeholders weekly and monthly.  • Provided leadership on the cleanup of Active Directory during the move to Windows 10  • Completed my portion of the project on time and under budget by 12%. Senior IT Project Manager Central Point Partners - Columbus, OH May 2018 to December 2018 • Led Windows 7 to Windows 10 migration for US and global offices.  • Followed existing PM processes and tailored the framework to best suit this project.  • Provided leadership to the technical team and maintained relationships with stakeholders.  • Closely monitored and tracked projects on scope, schedule, budget, resources and quality.  • Compiled project status reports and presented to senior management and stakeholders weekly and monthly.  • Provided leadership on the cleanup of Active Directory during the move to Windows 10  • Completed my portion of the project on time and under budget by 12%. Project Manager - Global Office Robert Half - Columbus, OH September 2016 to December 2017 • Manage email separation from Emerson to satisfy a TSA agreement  • Office 365 administration converting from Exchange to O365  • E1 and E3 licensing administration  • OneDrive standup  • Help team pull over PSTs from their Exchange to O365  • Assist in Budget creation with AR packages helping primary PM.  • Document unconventional migration solution from Emerson Exchange to Vertiv Office 365 cloud  • Planning and scheduling all cloud migrations.  • Coordination of the RFP process for vendor selection.  • Facilitate conference calls and document discussions  • Manage inception to completion of Office 365 implementation as the Project Manager.  • Scheduling meetings, writing Executive summaries and presentation of progress.  • Manage replacement of Jabber with Skype for IM capabilities Information Technology Manager / Project Coordinator for ATG Robert Half - Columbus, OH April 2015 to August 2016 • Manage day to day operations in the IT Department  • Manage group of 12 from Helpdesk support, Web Development, data Analysts and GDS admins  • Coordinate IT RFP processes  • Manage scheduling of Vendors from cloud services to VOIP  • Project management coordination for new development and server / Infrastructure refreshes  • Develop and interpret organizational goals, policies, and procedures  • Participate in Brand development  • Budget forecasting Contract Project Manager for Nationwide ComResource - Columbus, OH September 2014 to April 2015 • Manage datacenter move projects from inception to completion  • Budget analysis with emphasis on LOBs bottom line for moving servers and virtualization  • Utilizing Clarity and Microsoft Project to track projects start to finish  • Training other PMs on use of Clarity and time management  • Creating SOWs for standard Projects  • Interact with Solution engineers and senior management presenting and completing projects  • Assign and review the work of systems analysts, programmers, and network engineers Area IT Project Manager Hilton Worldwide - Columbus, OH May 2012 to April 2014 • Recruit, hire, train and supervise staff and participate in staffing decisions.  • Control operational budget for new build outs and new hotels. Last build under budget for IT by $200,000.00 with a $10,000,000 start.  • Review project plans to plan and coordinate project activity.  • Develop and interpret organizational goals, policies, and procedures.  • Consult with users, management, vendors, and technicians to assess computing needs and system requirements.  • Review and approve all systems charts and programs prior to their implementation.  • Assign and review the work of systems analysts, programmers, and network engineers.  • Evaluate the organization's technology use and needs and recommend improvements, such as hardware and software upgrades to reduce cost and be PCI compliant.  • Purchase necessary equipment.  • Prepare and review operational reports or project progress reports. Director of Network services Red Roof Inns - Columbus, OH May 2008 to May 2012 • oversee the Designing and Configuring of all network gear and installs for the entire Company world wide  • Budget and oversee Building new Networks for the purpose of starting new divisions  • manage All Network related incidences for over 348 Inns, call center, 2corp offices and a helpdesk  • Budget analysis as it pertains to Network services  • Vendor management, Contract negotiations, project management and Billing reconcile  • Utilize contacts And Vendors who are on the cutting edge of technology in order to reduce CAPEX.  • Successfully deployed SIP trunking over Analog lines and coordinating PBX fixes / upgrades which reduced phone costs by 34%. Manager IT Operations support Sterling Commerce - Dublin, OH September 2006 to May 2008 • Coordinating all daily activities of the IT technical support team  • Monitoring general team and individual employee work queues to ensure prompt resolution to production issues  • Help Maintain positive relationships with both external and internal customers, maintaining a spirit of teamwork and cooperation at all times.  • Drive team performance to established metrics and service level goals, with regards to problem management  • Ensure processes and procedures are adequate to meet expected service levels, and suggest improvements when appropriate  • Review and prepare employee performance evaluations for final approval by senior manager.  • Provide direction and perform standard and non- standard procedures to reload systems in event of operating difficulties, including power failures, disk problems and system rebuilds. Manager, Network operations NOC Qwest Communications - Dublin, OH October 1995 to July 2006 • Oversee a group of 16 people who monitored and troubleshot Nortel DMS Switches, DS0's, DS1's, trunks, 1/0 and 3/1 DACS  • Monitored and troubleshot SS7 network and frame relay equipment  • Coordinate restoration during Major outages  • Monitored OPS Center via HP Openview and trained employees On various computer and testing systems  • Escalation point for trouble tickets using Remedy Ticket system. Education High school or equivalent Skills PM