Senior Project Manager Senior <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Director of Operations / Senior Project Manager Margate, FL Jose Gomez began his emergency management career in 2014 as a Director of Operations of NY Governor’s Office of Storm Recovery following several years in the Legal industries where he gained exceptional training in management and operations. His disaster roles have included numerous engagements as a Project Manager, Closeout Team Lead, Program Specialist, SME providing him with comprehensive knowledge of emergency management and recovery. His engagement experience includes work following Hurricanes Sandy, Irene and Tropical Storm Lee in NY State. Fluent in French and Spanish. Work Experience Senior Project Manager MPACT Strategic Consulting LLC - Houston, TX 2017 to Present Common Wealth of Puerto Rico 4339-DR-PR, Hurricane Maria  Responsible for project management of disaster recovery programs and operations. Currently serving as a Project Manager for the $1.5 Billion Puerto Rico Tu Hogar Renace (Your Home Reborn).   Key Contributions  ·      Strategy: Member of the Project Management office. The PMO plays an important role by providing decision support for the Program stakeholders involved in the program, organization and enterprise. Documenting governance decisions and tracking action items for future governance sessions provides the administrative support needed for effective decision making.  ·      Policy: The Policy Department functions as the primary liaison between the Program Manager, Oversight Manager and FEMA. Researched and interpreted federal regulations on the Sheltering and Essential Temporary Power (STEP) including documentation, monitoring and compliance for the program. Reviewed and edited program policy and procedure manuals and documentation, and drafted policy documents such as action plan amendments and waivers.  ·      Outreach: Managed the Outreach Strategy of Tu Hogar Renace (Your Home Reborn) Program. Due to Hurricanes Irma and Maria, many of the traditional means of communication were halted or wiped out which has, in large part, impeded the flow of information to citizens. Therefore, to reach a large part of the population that has been impacted, various mechanisms must be used to reach target audiences.   Operations: Manage team consisting of more than 10 staff in the areas of Complaints, Legal, Appeals, Wage compliance and Applicants Notifications Director of Operations New York State Governor's Office of Stormrecovery - New York, NY April 2014 to January 2018 New York, NY  Disaster Recovery - CDBG-DR - Hurricane Sandy April 2014-January 2018  Director of Operations  Scope: Day-to-day Management of Agency Operations, including Facilities, IT, Administration and HR  Budget: $55.0 Million Reports: Supervise 25  Crucial team member of the start-up organization to effectively administer $4.4 billion in disaster recovery funding provided to New York State from HUD. The organization aims to achieve long-term recovery and resilience of housing and infrastructure in communities affected by Super Storm Sandy, and Hurricanes Irene /Lee throughout the State. Develop effective strategies to ensure that GOSR achieves Federal and State objectives for low-and-Moderate-Income participation, minority- and women-owned business participation, and resilience requirements.  Key Contributions  • Operations: Manage teams consisting of more than 13 staff and consultants in the areas of general operations (Facilitates and IT). Oversee management of 5 offices and facilities throughout the State.  • Governance and Oversight: Work with Executive Team to set organizational priorities, policies, and ensure compliance through monitoring and training activities  • Technology/Data Systems: Led numerous IT projects to modernize GOSR's infrastructure, including contract/ grants management database; website content management system; travel management system; network modernization; support modernization and hardware.  • Stakeholder Management: Served as primary interface with NYS ITS. Coordinated with internal and external stakeholders to gain understating of GOSR IT needs and negotiate with NYS ITS on primary projects.  • Buyouts & Acquisitions Negotiate multimillion dollar programmatic and operational agreements with vendors and sub-grantees aimed at successfully manage over 700 NY State Owned residential properties as part of GOSR Buy Out and Acquisition Program which resulted in savings of $3 Million Dollars.  • Programs Managed: Buy Outs and Acquisitions, Outreach, Information Technologies, Operations, PMO Office, Facilities, Policy. IT Senior Project Manager New York State Governor's Office of Stormrecovery April 2014 to November 2014 Scope: Day-to-day Management of Hardware / Software / AV functions / Mobile Telecommunications / Helpdesk / Operations  Budget: $2.5 Million Reports: Supervise 5  Key Contributions  • Established best practices and standard procedures and ensure team compliance to established standards.  • Acted as an escalation point for sensitive and escalated user issues, including managing escalated VIP incidents.  • Communicated with users proactively about local maintenance, technology issues, and other items of interest, in a clear and grammatically correct manner using simple language and a standard format.  • Customer service and help desk support:  ? Hardware and software installation evaluation, replacement and maintenance  ? Infrastructure troubleshooting and requirements development  ? Assist in requirements gathering of IT related equipment  ? Coordination with Director of performance management on IT systems development  • Responsible to ensure the IT related needs of the SRO are met  • Identify, evaluate and establish priorities for the IT needs of the SRO Education Associate Skills Business Analysis (10+ years), Process Improvement (10+ years), Change Management (10+ years), Policy Development (10+ years), Team Leadership (10+ years), Strategic Planning (10+ years), Staff Management (10+ years), Training and Development (10+ years), Expense Control (10+ years), Maintenance Operations (10+ years), Property Management (10+ years), Estimating, Outlook, maintenance, budget, Scheduling, Microsoft Project, Customer Service, Word Certifications/Licenses IS-001: Emergency Manager: An Orientation to the Position January 2017 to Present FEMA Managment Certification IS-100.b: Introduction to Incident Command System January 2017 to Present FEMA Disaster Reponse Course Assessments Attention to Detail — Familiar May 2019 Identifying differences in materials, following instructions, and detecting details among distracting information. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/ymbv-htmr0y1e5t Project Management Skills: Time Management — Familiar May 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to prioritize and allocate time to effectively achieve project deliverables. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/pqjvsdpvarmd4gzx Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.