IT TECHNICAL PROJECT MANAGER II <span class="hl">IT</span> TECHNICAL <span class="hl">PROJECT</span> <span class="hl">MANAGER</span> II IT TECHNICAL PROJECT MANAGER II El Segundo, CA Work Experience IT TECHNICAL PROJECT MANAGER II DXC Technology, previously Molina Healthcare MMS - Long Beach, CA June 2011 to April 2019 • Managed the Medicaid Management Information System software upgrade project for the State of Maine and Idaho.  • Infrastructure Project - Managed the annual disaster recovery exercises for the State of Maine; Drafted the playbook for the DR exercise; Successfully met the state's specific recovery time objective and the recovery point objective.  • IT Security Project - Managed the process improvement initiative to streamline processes for each business unit within IT Security.  • Scrum Master for a 12-month project. Responsible for directing a team of 10 developers, enabled improvement in team delivery commitments by identifying and tracking tasks. Ensured the project goals were met, implemented and monitored software development processes.    • Managed deliverables for portal development and database activities creation for the USVI implementation.    • Managed the CAQH upgrade for Maine, Idaho, West Virginia and USVI. Deploying on time saved the combined state / regions 4.5 million dollars.    • Managed several of the larger State funded Change Request's projects for West Virginia sites change management office.    • Performed Issue management and Resolution management. Managed all aspects of the overall performance during all phases of the software design lifecyle. Identified & monitored project milestones, critical path evaluations, internal & external resource assignments, risk definitions and productivity analysis. Worked with teams to formulate mitigation plans and corrective action plans as required.    • Interfaced with cross functional teams including members of the State of Maine, enterprise infrastructure including storage teams, network teams, server teams and database teams, outside vendors. Reported to the Director Account Manager for the State of Maine.    • Managed all aspects of assigned projects throughout the Software Design Life Cycle (SDLC) lifecycle including the creation of the project charter, cost estimates, project scope, work breakdown structure, project schedule, resource assignments, communication plans, project risks and mitigation plans and scope changes. Worked with teams to formulate mitigation plans and corrective action plans as required.  • Using Agile methodologies was able to enhance team collaboration and improve functional workflows for the project thus reducing schedule by 20%.    • Assessed overall performance during all phases of the SDLC lifecycle. Identified risks and implemented mitigation plans. Confirmed project milestones, critical path evaluations, internal & external resource assignments and productivity analysis. PROJECT MANAGER MEDTRONIC - Northridge, CA February 2010 to December 2010 • Managed the PDS project (Patch Delivery System).  • Managed algorithm testing strategies, software design and development. Designed processes to address identified problems. Created work breakdown structures.  • Conducted weekly project meetings and design reviews. Updated & distributed weekly Status Report and Dashboard that detailed all active tasks in queue. Prepared meeting agendas, indicated progress of each project, and tracked all action items & deliverables to insure timely completion.  • Interfaced with cross-functional groups, aligning priorities to achieve common end goals. PROGRAM / PROJECT MANAGER BELKIN INTERNATIONAL - Compton, CA June 2006 to January 2009 • Worked within a PMO, I managed the development of over 100 software, embedded firmware and hardware projects by managing cross-functional teams of software and hardware engineers locally and in Asia.  • Worked with Marketing Department to ensure the purpose of each project was correctly understood and marketed properly. Managed all tactical product release activities, to ensure the effective coordination of packaging, marketing, sales samples & materials, product research & development, accounting, technical support, legal & PR.  • Wrote and distributed internal and external Weekly Status Reports. Facilitated project meetings by preparing agendas, indicating progress of each project, documented meeting notes and tracked all action items. Conducted Post Mortem meetings to improve productivity, promote best practices and share lessons learned.    SOFTWARE  MS Project; EPPM P6; SharePoint; Word; Excel; Power Point; Outlook; SharePoint, Access; Photoshop (basic); InDesign; Maya 6.0, Visio, Education A.A. degree in History L.A. Valley College - Van Nuys, CA Skills Life cycle, Software design, Issue management, Budget, Integration Additional Information CORE COMPETENCIES    • History of successful projects keeping on schedule and within budget  • Created project timelines, and managed milestones and deliverables  • Managed project requirements and project deliverables  • Captured and recorded meeting notes and ensured action items were completed promptly.  • Knowledge in all phases in the Software Design Life Cycle.  • Proactive in risk and issue management to ensure the expected project outcomes are achieved on time and within budget & scope  • Managed multiple projects while maintaining emphasis on quality and schedule.  • Communicated project statuses and updates to project team and business owners throughout the duration of the project; making certain all impacted stakeholders have an understanding of risks, issues, and activities related to the project.  • Acted as point of contact for vendor contacts, which includes integration of project tasks and reviewing deliverables