Project Leader <span class="hl">Project</span> Leader MBA, PM, JAVA ? PHP ? C#.NET Developer Madison, WI Systems Engineer with experience in Software Development and Project Management within the Services industry. I have implemented local and regional initiatives working with multidisciplinary teams distributed in different countries of Latin America.     • Experience in the development, implementation and maintenance of software applications based on Microsoft Full Stack (ASP.NET, VB / C # .NET, SQL Server, SSIS, SSRS, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, MVC, Entity Framework, Bootstrap, IIS, TFS, JIRA and Visual Studio).     • Strong skills in the design of databases on SQL Server, Oracle and MySQL engines, as well as in the creation of complex programs using T-SQL and PL-SQL.    • Knowledge in object-oriented programming, Java and PHP languages, and in tools and concepts such as J2EE, Hibernate ORM, Unit Testing, AWS, GitHub, Linux, Apache TomEE, RESTful Web API and CI/CD.    • Strong skills in project management, software development lifecycle methodologies (PMI, AGILE, SCRUM) and tools (MS Project, HP PPM) as well as in the release, change and service management processes. Work Experience Project Leader Madison Area Technical College - Madison, WI March 2019 to Present • Collect and document users' requirements using interviews, business process descriptions and analysis.  • Plan, design and co-ordinate the development, installation of software applications to meet business requirements.  • Perform status report meetings with Business Owners and School Managers.  • Provide technical guidance and expertise to support initiatives focused on courses scheduling and enrollment process.    Achievements:  • Designed and developed a data-warehouse to consolidate and centralize more than 10 years of data related to classes, courses and the school's enrollment process.   • Built reports using pivot tables and dashboards in MS Excel to answer business questions and facilitate the analysis and processing of information to increase the effectiveness and productivity of the enrollment process.  • Designed and implemented a WordPress website for the Digital Credentials Institute of Madison College (https://dci-madisoncollege.org). IT Solutions Delivery Manager DirecTV/ATT - Bogota June 2015 to June 2017 • Planned, designed and coordinated the development, installation, integration and operation of +30 country-based applications (applications, web services, batch processes, integration and reporting services. On Windows/.NET/SQL Server/ORACLE configuration) including the core system of the company.  • Lead and co-ordinate teams of information systems professionals to implement regional initiatives being the bridge between business and IT shared services across the region.  • Responsible for managing, mentoring and developing a direct team of eleven people and four outsourced software companies (approx. 25 people) which includes guidance, discipline, and recommendations on new hires.  • Managed the financial (budgeting, forecasting, and execution) aspect of software development. A US$900.000 annual budget (OPEX & CAPEX).  • Managed, planned and executed development efforts to ensure timely delivery of software solutions, identifying the best alternative to meet the business needs.  • Provided consultation to the business and guidance for key initiatives.    Achievements:  • Improved by 88% the productivity of software delivery in 2016, compared to the previous year.  • Exceeded my full year review performance, due to the timely adjustment of the strategy to meet the demand of the company.  • Managed the adaptation of country apps for Datacenter Modernization Program, which included the migration to a new Datacenter and the resolution of all critical vulnerabilities and security risks detected in current applications IT Project Manager DIRECTV/ATT - Bogota September 2011 to May 2015 • Managed resources, project teams and tasks across different tracks.  • Managed close communication between different stakeholders at all levels of the organization.  • Provided the interface between business and developers in an agile software development environment.  • Consulted with Enterprise Architects across Latin American countries in DIRECTV.  • Understand business processes to bridge the gap between technical teams and stakeholders.    Achievements:  • Managed technological integration between DIRECTV and CODENSA (Energy Company of Bogota) to support the new commercial offer.  • Managed the implementation of the technological track of Project NEXUS (new commercial product).  • Managed the implementation of AGILE/SCRUM methodologies for software development. IT Development Administrator / Lead Developer DIRECTV/ATT - Bogota February 2009 to August 2011 • Designed and reviewed systems architecture and implemented software applications to meet business requirements.  • Designed databases on SQL Server and Oracle engines, and developed complex programs and reports using SSIS, SSRS, T-SQL and PL-SQL for data integration among systems and datamarts of the company.  • Produced data, and processes models to optimize architecture and to evaluate the performance and reliability of designs.  • Assess, test, troubleshoot, document, upgrade and develop maintenance procedures for software applications.  • Understand business processes leading developers and architects to ensure that requirements are met.  • Researched, evaluated and synthesized technical information to design, develop and test information systems.  • Led and coordinated teams of programmers and analysts in the development of software and integrated information systems.    Achievements:  • Restored the business confidence in the data provided by the IT Department after six (6) months of inconsistencies by redesigning the current strategy of extraction and processing of data. Systems Analyst/Software Developer DIRECTV/ATT - Bogota January 2002 to January 2009 • Designed, developed and implemented software applications to support Sales, Marketing and Field Service operation.  • Provided technical guidance and expertise to support initiatives focused on customer service and sales.  • Gathered requirements using interviews, use cases, business process descriptions and analysis.  • Collaborated with end users and developers to meet business requirements and technical restrictions.  • Assessed, troubleshooted, documented, upgraded and developed maintenance procedures for software applications.  • Implemented enhancements to software development processes, standards and applications.  • Maintaining and updating technical program to ensure the proper functionality of systems and company applications (Visual Basic 6.0, ASP .NET, VB.NET, C#, MS SQL Server, SSIS, SSRS, IIS).    Achievements:  • Architect of SmartDealer platform (https://sd.directv.com.co), which is the current sales registration portal for DIRECTV Colombia which uses external Web services API to evaluate credit score and geolocation of prospective customers. +600K new sales/year. Reduced sales registration time from hours/days to minutes.  • Designer and creator of the work orders allocation system for DIRECTV installation companies, which selected and assigned the best company that could fulfill the service. Reduced the error rate of the allocation process to zero. Education Certificate in Java Programming Madison Area Technical College - Madison, WI September 2017 to December 2018 Certificate in PHP Programming Madison Area Technical College - Madison, WI September 2017 to May 2018 Certificate in Visual Studio C# .Net Programming Madison Area Technical College - Madison, WI September 2017 to May 2018 MBA in Business Administration University of La Sabana - Bogota, Cundinamarca June 2011 to June 2013 BS in Systems Engineering ICESI University - Cali, VALLE January 1996 to January 2001 Skills Project Management (6 years), Software Development (10+ years), Agile (5 years), Budgeting (2 years), Forecasting (2 years), Strategic Planning (2 years), Customer Service (4 years), SQL (10+ years), HTML (10+ years) Additional Information I am legally authorized to work in the United States. However, my EAD (Employment Authorization Document) expires in January 2020.