IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager at Monster Cable Products Union City, CA Work Experience IT Project Manager Monster Cable Products - Brisbane, CA November 2009 to Present Manage multiple large scale projects for the IT department such as the Learning Management System (LMS), the PeopleSoft Hardware & Software Upgrade, ERP Implementation of Infor SyteLine system, and the Business Intelligence Projects.  • PeopleSoft Hardware & Software Upgrade / Release Coordinator  o I apply the best practices of project management when I manage the Company's ERP system upgrade which reside on 5 years old hardware and 10 years old ERP software which is not supported by IBM and Oracle any longer.  o I am responsible and take great pride in creating the project plan and project charter. I manage multiple resources throughout the company to gather requirements, purchasing hardware, and creating the framework of the project. Set goals and objectives on a weekly basis and follow them to completion.  o Coordinate environments creation, PeopleTools upgrade tasks, and implement Oracle new Maintenance Packs and bundles releases for the upgrade.  o Create plan for migration of historical financial data from old system to new ERP system  o I communicate with the team members and the Executive Committees on a weekly basis for status updates, risk assessment, and risk mitigation.  • Learning Management System  o Work with stakeholders across the company to gather requirements and defining the needs for an LMS system. Write up requirements documentation and obtain approval from the Executive Committees.  o Implement LMS solution for both Internal Employees as well as External Customer to push training contents to employees as well as external customers' sales associate on the latest products and Sales technique. The solution includes tracking and reporting capabilities which enable managers and executives to align the company's training effort to the sell through of our products.  o The LMS solution also has the capability to deliver contents to Mobile Devices such as an iPhone, BlackBerry, Laptop, etc It allows users to access training contents on the fly or download contents to their mobile device to work offline and update the LMS score of the progress as soon as it connects back to the LMS interface.  o Responsible for creating a project plan, project charter, setup and facilitating weekly meetings, monitor the daily tasks, and keep executives and steering committee up to date with the weekly status report.  • Business Intelligence  o Manage Business Intelligence project which centralized Sales, Finance, Accounting, and Inventory data for inter-department. The system offer the ability to slice and dice the data to create sets of intelligence data which could be use for departmental performance review, forecasting, and inventory control.  o Creating and maintaining project schedules, and ensuring that project schedules stay on time while addressing constraints of time, cost, and quality.  o Design BI system ETL architecture for data cleansing and Metadata storage in BI Data warehouse.  o Interact with executives and personnel of different departments throughout the company to obtain approval and support for Business Intelligence needs.  o Capture and track status of project plan as well as effectively utilize resources to keep project on schedule and within scope.    University California of Berkeley Extension - Redwood City, CA 11/2008 - 6/2010    P.M.P. Certification  • Learn to perform duties and responsible for all aspects of the project for the life of the project.  • Sharpen my ability to lead and direct cross-functional teams to deliver projects within the constraint of schedule, budget, and resources.  • Mastered methodologies to live project that have reasonably well-defined project requirements and deliverables. Associate Project Manager NVIDIA Corporation - Santa Clara, CA January 2008 to September 2008 I'm engaging and responsible for multiple customer projects simultaneously. Achieve maximum customer satisfaction through providing the best project management's practices as well as deliver excellent products under the constraint of cost, time, and requirements.  • Proven track record of handling multiple project management; coordinates with stakeholder on project status, roadmaps and releases.  • Created a well versed document control system to manage documents, project scopes, schedule, and released design guide and specification documents to customers using Documentum and Agile.  • Captured and tracked the status of inventory throughout the project's life cycle. Effectively utilized resources to the project to meet schedules and deadlines as well as drives software and hardware fixes to closure.  • Successfully implemented management software such as Agile, Windchill, and SharePoint to enhance project's organization and communication. Transforms customer experience through continual improvement and post mortem review. Test Engineer KLA-Tencor Corporation - Milpitas, CA September 2005 to December 2007 Successfully tested and delivered numerous multi-million dollar wafer inspection machines while preserving the quality, cost, and schedule of the manufacturing standard.  • Helped introduce training programs that enhanced employee performance and helped build a motivated workforce by initiate team building activities and outside gathering.  • Executed NPI testing, debugging, and qualification on hardware sub-modules and NGS Software of SurfScan Systems. Tested electrical circuitry and integrate sophisticated mechanical modules. Analyze and release fixtures prior to release to manufacturing.  • Successful system setup, mechanical integration, precision mechanical and optical alignment, calibration, teaching, and final test various wafer inspection system SP2 and SP2-XP (CAYMAN). Configured and taught YASKAWA, Kawasaki, and triple FIMS robots and handlers  • Setup and taught Asyst, TDK, and Rorze robotic loadports. Extensive optical alignment, calibration, and troubleshooting system problems.  • Worked directly with design engineer to meet manufacturing requirement, created procedure documents, debugs, and improve productivities. Provided technical support for field service and install engineer as needed. Education o Project Management University California of Berkeley Extension - Redwood City, CA November 2008 to Present Bachelor of Science in Computer Science California State University of Hayward - Hayward, CA September 1999 to April 2004 Additional Information Areas of Expertise  • Project Management • Quality Management • Project Risk Management • Resource Control and Allocation • Scheduling & identify critical path • Customer Satisfaction Enhancement • Teambuilding & Training • Cost-Reduction Strategies • Contingencies Plan    Technical Skills  • Self motivated, proactive, keeps commitments, positive attitude, and effective communication. Excellent organizational and planning skills. Plus, the ability to handle multiple tasks under tight deadlines.  • Operating systems: Excellent with Windows NT, 2000, XP, Vista, Macintosh; familiarity with Linux and Unix  • Application and programming languages: Microsoft Office Suite - MS Project, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, Access. Proficient with C++, C, Java, and HTML scripting language.  • Excellent with industrial software such as document generation, SharePoint, Agile, and Documentum.  • Great with computer peripherals and configuring computer hardware as well as electronic devices.