IT Intern <span class="hl">IT</span> Intern IT Intern - West Virginia University Foundation Morgantown, WV Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Intern West Virginia University Foundation - Morgantown, WV June 2015 to Present • Conducted daily password setup and re-activated accounts, and monitored constituent data management with data entry and queries into the Raisers Edge Database.  • Answered Response Center calls and troubleshot issues such as application installation and hardware device setup; liaised escalated or advanced issues to supervisors.  • Assisted with Foundation Services webpage setup and demonstrated to clients how to navigate throughout the page.  • Created six tutorials through Camtasia Studio Screen Recorder for West Virginia University Foundation webpage. Project Manager West Virginia University Foundation February 2016 to May 2016 • Provided project management for the development of a login system for the Office of Residence Life. This application was designed to provide a proof of concept to our sponsors and stakeholders.  • This project entailed working with software engineers for our development in java and all documentation completed for sponsor satisfaction. Project Manager West Virginia University Foundation August 2015 to December 2015 • Provided project management for the creation and implementation of an International Fashion Show  • Prepared printed and web-based promotional material, created a slideshow with coordinating music of all countries used during the runway show, organized specific country booths displaying their memorabilia, and oversight of event.    kenzcira@gmail.com 2301 Morningside Drive  304.692.1248 Morgantown, WV 26508 Sales Associate Slight Indulgence - Morgantown, WV February 2014 to June 2015 • Managed and troubleshot two computers and networks, updated SlightIndulgenceWV.com daily with menu and special updates, monitored inventory in store database.  • Conducted beer and wine sales, took phone orders, served lunch and dinner services for seven four-top tables and one eight-top table, handled between $250 to approximately $1000 a day.  • Ran 300 basket deliveries during holiday season and other deliveries upon request. Education Bachelors of Science in Business Information Systems Management Fairmont State University in - Fairmont, WV July 2016 Skills Operating Systems: Microsoft Windows, Linux, MAC OS, Web Page Construction: Adobe Dreamweaver, Graphic Design and Layout: Adobe Photoshop, Video Production: Camtasia Studio Screen Recorder and Video Editor, Desktop Virtualization: Citrix Receiver, Databases: Raiser’s Edge, Office and Email Management: Microsoft Office Suite, Microsoft Outlook, Office365, Programming Languages: Visual Basic, HTML, CSS and can proficiently read Java, Repair, modification, maintenance, and building computers and networks, Typing 80+ words a minute and 400 keystrokes a minute Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/mackenzie-cira-82012b115