Project Manager - Tech <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> - Tech Project Manager - Tech - BAE SYSTEMS Roy, UT Work Experience Project Manager - Tech BAE SYSTEMS - Hill AFB, UT August 2017 to Present 84056-5837    Supervisor: Ken Morley 385-383-5971  Okay to contact this supervisor    • Maintains a Top Secret security clearance  • Develop short-range and long-range project plans to include a ten million dollars annual  budget for staffing and support for Cybersecurity, Information Technology ( IT), Security,  Configuration Management (CM), and Project Management Office (PMO) three hundred  eighty five thousand software and consumable annual budget to support an twenty-five  million dollars hardware purchase including support mission requirements for data  processing, software development, information security and remote locations.  • Supervise, develop, adjust, review, and implement Information Technology ( IT) sections of project planning and execution. Advise acceptance or rejection of project plans to meet  customer needs for the support requirements from the customer.  • Develop the long-term strategy for sustainment of Information Technology ( IT) systems to include data security disaster recovery and tech refresh.  • Develop the long-range and strategic Business Continuity plans for the Directorate, while focusing on Confidentiality, Integrity, and Availability of IT systems.  • Advises and informs Division and Branch leadership on status of current and future risks to mission success and develops mitigation strategies to be implemented, including  identification of future workload and staffing requirements.  • Supports acquisition Program Managers (PMs) on the early implementation of cybersecurity  within their programs. Starting with the development of Program Protection Plans (PPPs) and Cybersecurity Strategies, assignment of DoD 8570 certified Information System Security  Managers (ISSMs), Information System Security Officers (ISSOs) and System Security  Engineers (SSEs). Advancing implementation of the proper roles and responsibilities  identified in DoD Instructions.  • Evaluates proposed new systems, hardware and software for security vulnerabilities and integration issues. Develops and applies security controls to mitigate identified  vulnerabilities with new systems, hardware and software. Develops integration plans to deploy new systems, hardware and software.  • Supervises projects, facility managers, cyber security, and IAMs to define and design the network infrastructure requirements for a newly built classified vault, which meets Emission  Security (EMSEC) measures and provides projects data integrity, high availability, and an upgradable network infrastructure to meet current and future mission needs.  • Evaluates emerging commercial hardware and software technologies and recommends  purchase of systems based on mission and security needs. Analyzes project's developmental  hardware and software for security vulnerabilities and makes recommendations that are  favorable for the project. Evaluates, audits, configures, optimizes, and reports the current  network functionality to identify resource needs, critical problems, identify security breaches and vulnerabilities, and to maintain data integrity.  • Installs, configures, and maintains an Assured Compliance Assessment Solutions (ACAS)  server.  • Orchestrated evaluations of customer needs to ensure that Information Technology ( IT)  requirements for mission needs were aligned with the needs of the current and planned  infrastructure. Project Manager - Admin BAE SYSTEMS - Hill AFB, UT December 2016 to August 2017 84056-5837    Supervisor: Ken Morley 385-383-5971  Okay to contact this supervisor    • Develops highly productive and valuable working relationships with Approving Official (AO)  offices.  • Works within an Agile development process utilizing SCRUM as a SCRUM master and product  owner.  • Coordinates projects with department managers, government counterparts, and technical  Subject Matter Experts (SME) in all affected areas and with organizations that provide or utilize connected services.  • Uses both analytical and specialized skills to perform thorough analyses of project data to determine funding requirements, project scope and objectives, while involving relevant  stakeholders.  • Manages tasks performed by technical staff while both identifying and documenting  integration problems, and risks.  • Facilitates Information Technology ( IT) software and hardware projects with the use of milestone schedules, status reports with each contributing team, to achieve deliverable  products.  • Communicates technical requirements to nontechnical team members and leadership. Cyber Anst I - Hill AFB, UT May 2016 to December 2016 84056-5837    Supervisor: Rich Montage  This supervisor has since left the company.    • Completes risk assessment reviews to identify the current risks, their probability and impact,  and then applies the appropriate risk management options to avoid, mitigate, transfer,  deter, or accept the risk.  • Manages the implementation of DoD Information Assurance Certification and Accreditation  Process (DIACAP) and Risk Management Framework (RMF) for three IT systems in various  stages of the DoD Acquisition Life Cycle of Tier I, II, and II systems.  • Performed professional technical assignments, analysis of systems, Wi-Fi, etc. to identify and document threats, vulnerabilities and exploits to Information Technology systems.  • Provided guidance of best practices and implementation of security controls including  software, engineering methodologies, hardware engineering, security engineering  principles, and secure coding techniques.  • Experienced at integrating functional security requirements into existing acquisition lifecycle  phases, milestones, and deliverables using systems engineering principles and methodologies.  • Provided guidance for the Project Managers in the implantation of the RMF process,  including helping to perform Risk analyses. IT systems administrator BAE SYSTEMS - Hill AFB, UT September 2015 to December 2016 84056-5837    Supervisor: Rich Montage  This supervisor has since left the company.    • Installs, configures, and maintains a McAfee ePolicy Orchestrator server. Configuring system  policy, software updates, and automatic virus definition updates.  • Skilled in networking, managing, installing, and configuring Microsoft Server 2003-2012  Active Directory (AD) services, wireless Local Area Network (LAN) configuration.  • Duties included setting up administrator and service accounts, maintaining system  documentation, tuning system performance, and installing software on servers and workstations.  • Software integration of COTS and Government Off-the-Shelf (GOTS) products.  • Experience working with classified systems.  • Implemented approved system security policies to include the configuration of user access  and permission across a variety of systems.  • Monitored application status; support application event triage, monitoring, tracking, and correlation, including event characterization and escalation, and vendor liaison as needed  for event resolution.  • Followed up with customer to ensure issue has been resolved.  • Provided technical assistance, training and system documentation for users and administrators to promote efficient operation of applications. Education Bachelor of Science in Electronics Engineering and Technology in Electronics Engineering and Technology Weber State University May 2015 Skills budget, Estimating, Outlook, maintenance, Scheduling