IT Project Management <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> Management IT Project Management Philadelphia, PA Work Experience IT Project Management Hikma Pharmaceutical September 2018 to February 2019 - Infrastructure    * Took ownership and performed an experience-based assessment to deliver several mid-stream projects to completion - VoIP, WiFi, DC Migration, CMDB, infrastructure tech refreshes.  * Insightful, assessed issues internally and externally, then prioritized and influenced across all levels to deliver  customer-centric solutions.  * Directed multi-discipline lines of business teams through two site divestments that ensured Governance, Risk  and Security policy compliance for Memphis, Tennessee and Eatontown, New Jersey, sites upon short notice for MFG, Packaging, Warehouse and, LIMS while eliminating penalties.  * Windows 10 Migration request for proposal reviews and vendor selection to include the creation of  standardized GPO corporate-wide solidarity and ensured quality train the trainer and end-user training aligned to the specifics with lines of business.  * Reconciled asset management documentation and year-end accruals for overall IT Infrastructure budgets. General Contractor March 2017 to June 2018 Took on the creative challenge to rebuild my flooded home. Senior IT Project Manager GlaxoSmithKline - Philadelphia, PA November 2011 to February 2017 Senior IT Project Manager Short Term Consulting Opportunities December 2010 to November 2011 Assessed, budget and provided high-level plans for Windows 7 migration.  Comcast - Senior Project Manager Engineering & Technical Operations Development  * Managed vendors and cross-functional teams with new technology concept products and features, through Agile, specialized incremental development processes and ensured regulatory compliance.  * Tracked and logged incidents, mitigated issues, and presented reports at governance meetings. Merger & Acquisition Integration - Senior Project Manager Lead Philips Healthcare March 2010 to October 2010 Provided IT Service and lead infrastructure teams that right tracked and managed the integration of the $5.1  billion-dollar acquisitions of Respironics into Philips.  * Coordinated meetings, presented and negotiated across geographies and, leadership levels that ensured  engagement, identified and mitigate risks to deliver on intended outcomes.  * Managed Network, Server and end-user device teams that delivered 72 global sites into Philips without disruption  through Prince2 and PMI processes to agreed project schedules and budget.  * Manage stakeholder expectations against contract KPI's  * Maintain atmosphere awareness and encouraged resources to be innovative with problem-solving according to their strengths that promoted harmony in a dynamic and challenging program.  * An organized and effective communicator that maintains and distributes current project documentation keeping  cross-functional teams engaged to deliver end to end compliant solutions.  * Successful integration of Respironics resources into PeopleSoft HR systems across the globe.  * Ensured positive customer-centric results through timely global site-specific communications and training. Senior Technical Project Manager Global Network Delivery July 2006 to February 2010 Global Pharmaceutical  * Reduced the landscape of servers and databases from ~2,315 to ~1,497 and applications from ~949 to ~753  through Enterprise Performance Life Cycle asset assessment, and upgrades, that saved ~£30 M through on- next-generation on-prem, virtual and cloud solutions.  * Influenced internal and external stakeholders at all levels partnering to align business objectives with corporate  strategies that reduced cost while increasing revenues.  * Lead and trained global lines of business technical resources through digital project process requirements that  ensured deliverables complied to regulatory, security and corporate policies to enable fast incremental values.  2    Global Network Delivery  * Managed Network and Perimeter re-architecture and re-host to Co/Lo and The Global Data Center on schedule  and under budget giving back $2.8 M to support other strategic initiatives  * Accomplished at managing stakeholder expectations reporting KPI's against aligned contracts.  * Delivered network protocols that enabled cost-effective segregation of traffic through new optical equipment  * Seamlessly ordered, installed, tested and delivered the Global Network to more than 16,000 applications  * Increased network capacity and high availability that eliminating data-backup outages, reduced maintenance  and support cost while improving network response times that improved performance and productivity.  * Resolved co-location DC to AC power issues that kept the GDC Program on track and reduced supply cost.  * Facilitated vendor and contract management, stakeholder management, budgeting, documentation, and reports IT Systems Engineer & Project Manager Verizon Communications - Philadelphia, PA May 1999 to February 2006 Won an IT Departmental award, for managing the complex program of Sales, Service and Negotiation servers  that saved $11 M annually, through redefined architecture and the migration of 144 remote servers to 36 across two data centers.  * Facilitated the deployment of PeopleSoft managing cross-functional teams from proof of concept, through pilot  and production, working with LOB's and ensured timely communications and e-Learning for positive customer- centric results.  * Delivered many, data center builds and migrations, managing facilities, infrastructure readiness, and production  migration that insured quality testing for positive customer results.  * Delivered project management training to new PMO and Project teams, coached and guided new project  managers and technical resources for onboarding efficiency post - GTE Merger.  * Managed multiple internal and external projects simultaneously through effective time-management; kept team  focus and manage stakeholders' expectations through current project documentation and reports.  * Worked with LOB's providing insight with business cases that improved estimates and outcomes.  * Simplified project stage gate process through a consolidated document that improved the voice of the customer.  3 Education Certificate in PMI Program Villanova University March 2003 to April 2003 certificate Vendor Management Temple University Skills Information Technology, Itil, PM, SDLC, Waterfall, Software Development, PMP, budget, Estimating, Scheduling, Outlook, Maintenance