IT PROJECT MANAGER <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">PROJECT</span> <span class="hl">MANAGER</span> IT PROJECT MANAGER - CDW, LLC Westland, MI Work Experience IT PROJECT MANAGER CDW, LLC - Vernon Hills, IL February 2006 to June 2019 As a consultant, effectively managed over 900 projects in the span of 13 years. Used numerous management styles and methodologies to accomplish the projects.  Projects range from small quick projects to multi-year multiple location systems and application roll-out.    Fortune 100 Company Phone System Upgrade and Installation:  Project required standardization on a global level, yet the ability to do some custom design at the remote locations to accommodate their uniqueness within the company.  Project lasted over 4 years and was installed at 200+ locations in multiple countries. Problem: Processes of both companies were not compatible and causing serious frustrations and stress on the new relationship. Solution: Created a customized process and methodology with the customer that is still used over 7 years later for all other projects. Custom Customer Requirement: Regular Project management reports on status were too long and cumbersome. I created a spreadsheet dashboard to go along with them allowing us to display the current sites and standardized timeline objects using Red, Yellow and Green to easily see status on the tasks. This dashboard was adopted as the standard within CDW.    Banking Industry: Developed the relationship with one of the largest banks in the United States into a strategic relationship. With this, we successfully implemented security, wireless, video, voice, data network and application projects. I quickly learned the customer’s culture and processes were stopping them from being successful. I then assisted in modifying them to allow for smoother processing and approvals within their company. This strategic partnership is still in existence 12 years later.  It has allowed for over 350 projects during this time period. PROGRAM MANAGER/ PROJECT MANAGER UNITED STATES AIR FORCE August 1993 to September 2004 During my career, I managed over 500 base level, high level and highly secure projects for the government.  Projects ranged from application development to weapons systems deployment and base level support systems. This was accomplished at 5 different bases.     Secure Satellite and Over the Horizon Communications Systems: Throughout the 11 years I was a project manager I had the opportunity to do many of these type projects. Many of these needed host nation approval in order to put the assets in foreign countries. Worked with the U.S. and foreign country governments to ensure the projects were successfully implemented with the proper approvals. Problem: Government of Portugal had not approved any IT projects in the past 5 years due to various reasons. Problem was a simple lack of understanding your audience and how things were presented to them. I developed a process to modify the standard “engineering” packages into smaller understandable pieces. I also met regularly with the people in charge of the process to work out the details and get feedback. Furthermore, I developed a database to track these projects and allow standardized reporting and tracking. The results were 100% approval during my 5-year tenure in the country.      Global Hawk, Predator and UCAV support: Pinnacle of my career was as the Program Manager in charge of host base bed-down systems planning for all unmanned aircraft in the Department of Defense and NATO. While there I was able to bring the $2.2 Billion program from 2 ½ years behind schedule to on schedule in just 12 months. Led the team to rapidly design and deploy the critical systems for the first Global Hawk NATO location in Germany. Finally, I led the effort to get the standard towers for the systems that needed to be installed on bases changed to meet international height and frangibility requirements. This also reduced the cost per site from $1.4M to $220K. Education Associate in Information Systems Community College of the Air Force - Maxwell AFB, AL September 1995 to May 1998 Skills Project management (10+ years), Waterfall, PM, Information Technology, Software Development, Autocad (5 years), Microsoft Office (10+ years), Microsoft Project (10+ years), Rapid Application Development (2 years), Spiral Development (10+ years), PMI/PMBOK (10+ years) Military Service Branch: Air Force Service Country: United States Rank: MSgt Certifications/Licenses Achievement Driven Project Management March 2004 to September 2005 This is an achievement oriented certification based on PMI principles and real world applications. Additional Information SKILLS  • Achievement Driven Project Management   • Strong Leadership, Retired Military  • Strong on PMI, RAD and ITIL methodologies  • Knowledge of Agile Methodology and Scrum variant  • Picks up and employs process and methodology quickly