Engineering Project Manager Engineering <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Engineering Project Manager Orem, UT Work Experience Engineering Project Manager ObservePoint July 2018 to June 2019 Work multiple projects simultaneously  § Coordinate feature work across Engineering teams  § Manage deployment timelines and communications  § Responsible for internal release announcements and newsletters  § Run estimation meetings between Product Mgrs, Architects, Developers, and QA  § Determine what can fit in the quarter based upon Product Management priorities and Engineering  estimations  § Responsible to find extra resources when necessary to secure on time delivery  § Keep track of Jira stories and statuses and document processes inside Confluence  § Created charts and graphs for presentations and reporting  § Provided reporting on velocity, bugs, swarming, and overall team status  § Scrum Master for large integrated development team  § Actively participates in stand-ups and planning meetings with all teams  § Provide feedback and expresses concern when needed on task completion  § Raise alerts with respect to product roadmap vs engineering delivery plan  § Work well with others and embrace a culture of a friendly work environment  § Foster partnerships with stakeholders and sponsors  § Responsible for outage communications and calibration meeting follow-up Senior Project Manager Global Marketing Council 2012 to 2018 • Primary Project Manager for ageLOC Me device development ($45 million) from concept to charter.  • Used MS Project, JIRA and Workfront to manage timelines for deliverables.  • Managed contracts with strategic partners for product design and engineering.  • Approved and submitted invoices and created reports to track invoices against budgeted amounts  and contractual commitments.  • Directed the ageLOC Me app creation project from start-to-finish working with outside vendor for development.  • Ran the weekly report meetings to keep work on schedule and in budget.  • Handled all product-related projects for marketing materials with creative teams. As many as 175  tasks in process at any one time.  • Administered all process documents for the Global Marketing Team including tasks, predecessors and durations for each step in the process.  • Owned all steps for the Global Marketing Council (GMC) including agendas, presentations, notes,  action item follow-up and SharePoint site maintenance. IT Project Coordinator ADP AdvancedMD 2011 to 2012 Assisted with multiple, complex IT projects from Charter to Release with a 2-3 times per year  release cycle as part of the launch management team.  § Coordinated with up to 110 different IT specialists from Architects, Developers, Data Center  Operators, Test, Documentation and other Project Managers.  § Experienced in Agile and Scrum Proj Management-involved with 11 scrum teams  § Worked directly with the CTO on contracts, metrics, data collection and reporting (KPIs), information  analysis and communications.  § Created and maintained status reports on deliverables for up to 9 development projects at one time  from strategy to release using MS Project for work plans.  § Did procurement and resource management for department of up to 75 employees.  § Maintained customer, legal and ISO files for multiple companies  § Involved in initiating, planning, executing, monitoring/controlling and closing projects of varying  scope and length while maintaining deadlines and budgets.  § Used process analytic skills to keep project within scope, on time and in budget.  § Assessed variances to project plan and managed change control for the plan.  § Developed custom reports and dashboards to document project status information. Director/Program Manager EWI - Seminar Company 2003 to 2011 7 yrs of Customer Relationship Mgmt, done remotely with clients spending over $30k.  § Investigated, analyzed and resolved problems on specific customer issues.  § Hired, trained and managed multiple effective employees with 80% retention for 5 yrs.  § Well-developed presentation skills including public speaking to groups from 2 - 200 people and PowerPoint proficiency for the presentations.  § Communicated with clients-monthly program newsletters to over 7,000 clients  § Tracked and reported sales and payments as well as analysis of finances, break-even analysis and program usage.  § Managed bookkeeping and budgets for each product with monthly reporting.  § Researched and compiled data to compose correspondence, reports and presentations on trends  and needs of clients, contractors and staff. Elected Representative State of Utah 1997 to 2000 Education Master's in Information Technology Management in Information Technology Management Western Governors University January 2012 to April 2012 Bachelor of Science in Business in Business Western Governors University Associate of Applied Science in Legal Assisting in Legal Assistant Utah Valley University - Orem, UT Skills Telecommunication, Medical Device Additional Information PMP