Deputy Program Manager / Project Manager Deputy Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> / <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Deputy Program Manager / Project Manager Baltimore, MD Decisive, action-oriented and results focused professional offering twenty-one years of technical and program/ project management experience. Recognized project and process management professional who strives for innovation and continuous improvement. Successfully orchestrated up to one billion-dollar concurrent projects within budget and scope according to PMBOK and ITIL best practices from initiation through operations. Strong analytical, business judgment, business intelligence, data and risk analysis skills. Skills and tools profile included:    • Project Management, Risk Management • General Management, IT Management  • Management Financial Operations • Logistics and Operations Management  • Business Analysis, Process Improvement • Business Intelligence & Data Warehousing  • Cost Management  • Data Center Moves and Consolidation    • Infrastructure and Software Development projects  • SDLC: HighRUP, Waterfall, Agile, ILC and XLC    • PMBOK. PMI, ITIL, CSM, ECMp, Kofax 8.0 • JIRA, Confluence, MS Project, MS SharePoint Work Experience Deputy Program Manager / Project Manager Booz Allen Hamilton August 2018 to December 2018 Program: The Integrated Work Management capability (Panorama) will be the primary user interface for CDER users and provide them access to all the strategic capabilities (Figure 1) and associated tool suites via a seamless user experience. The Integrated Work Management Capability consists of eight functions (see Table 1). The goal of this capability is to improve the way cross-functional teams manage measure, execute, track, and report on work commitments throughout the Center to help achieve business goals.    • Manage largest product line on a CMS-ES contract to include routine activity, new projects, internal and external key communications, and reporting of key projects.  • Visualize major technical systems re-engineering requirements and initiated business solutions in execution of system design with continued improvement plan.  • Lead major solution rollouts coordinating across teams to ensure successful system releases including communications across teams and organization; providing direct field support, monitoring performance and data reports, and issue mitigation.  • Work with data management team to define requirements and inform database table structures to ensure clear metrics for program management reporting, performance management, and trend analysis.  • Create and maintain major business processes to deliver end-to-end product solutions for execution of contract deliverables. structures to ensure clear metrics for program management reporting, performance management and trend analysis.  • Create and maintain major business processes to deliver end-to-end product solutions for execution of contract deliverables.  • Enables collaboration and communication on reviews and assignments across cross- functional teams;  • Increases transparency into work status via management reporting and analytics that enable managers and teams to plan to meet their milestones and more quickly identify and mitigate bottlenecks. Product Line Manager / IT Project Manager Serco-NA Inc October 2017 to March 2018 Program: Provide client-facing leadership within the Program Management Office (PMO) on the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services - Eligibility Support (CMS-ES) program. This was a one billion-dollar, five-year contact.  Accomplishments: Drove the improvement of CMS consumer outreach using best practices in processes, performance metrics, tools, and training. Led the implementation of a new Casework channel, which increased the consumer's ability to expedite resolution of issues and support corporate business development initiatives. Health IT Project Manager / Business Development (CTR) Accenture Federal Services February 2016 to January 2017 Program: Under the U.S. Social Security Administration (SSA) IDIQ IT Support Services Contract (ITSSC), Accenture Federal Services will implement emerging technology applications designed to improve SSA's service delivery capabilities including the Health IT program.  Health IT at the Social Security Administration is a revolutionary program, which brings the speed and power of electronic medical records to the disability determination process over The Sequoia's Project eHealth Exchange (eHEX).  Accomplishments: Successfully work within the Health IT Outreach/Business Development team to assist hospitals and health information exchanges to understand the benefit by interoperating over the eHealth Exchange with the Social Security Administration (SSA) in support of our disability determination process recovering millions of dollars for partners. IT Senior Project Manager (CTR) Highmark Health Solutions March 2015 to July 2015 Program: The Highmark Health Solutions objective with the Enterprise Informatics Data and Analytics (EIDA) team was a twenty-two-million-dollar Task Order solicitation. Highmark and Blue Cross of Northeast Pennsylvania (BCNEPA) have submitted a merger proposal to the Pennsylvania Insurance Department (PID). This project will be leveraged existing software solutions designed to import BCNEPA History and On-going Pharmacy claims and load them directly into the Enterprise Data Warehouse (EDW) as well as third party History and On-going pharmacy claims.  Accomplishments: Successfully merged three years of historical data from Blue Cross of Northeast Pennsylvania to the acquiring Highmark Health Solutions. IT Technical Project Manager (CTR) Computer Sciences Corporation August 2014 to January 2015 Program: This contract to CMS (The Center of Medicare and Medicaid Services) objective to the Enterprise Data Services Contract (EDSC) was a twenty-million-dollar Task Order solicitation. The intent of the task order was to design, build, maintain, manage and administer Master Data Management, Portal, and Business Rules Enterprise Service and technology framework to support agency-wide usage and development of this technology to meet the mission of CMS.  Accomplishments: Successfully drove in new business to utilize business rules in a shared services enterprise environment while continued operations support in the CMS IT environments. IT Project Manager (Full-time) Pennsylvania Interactive August 2013 to March 2014 Program: NIC builds official web sites, online services, and secure payment processing solutions for more than 3,500 federal, state, and local government agencies across the U.S.    Accomplishments: Successful establishment of standardized PMO processes, methodologies, tools, techniques, best practices, standards, policies, templates and other shared documents. As a Scrum Master migrated delivered several Pennsylvania Commonwealth agencies sites under pa.gov portal migration project to new, mobile friendly MS SharePoint environment. IT Project Manager (Full-time) The Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) August 2011 to January 2013 Program: Performing duties for CMS included managing communications to Government Task Leader, risk management, maintaining and reporting high level status of work in progress, conducting weekly status meetings with upper management, business unit and stakeholders, adhering to CMS task order process and requirements, implementing procedures for best practices, prioritizing work with client, delegating work to resources and maintaining software release schedule thus completing large-scale projects within time frame and budget.    Accomplishments: Successfully managed seventeen concurrent Enterprise Content Management (ECM) projects in Medicare and fraud prevention. The projected results were to save over one hundred million dollars over the next two years by simplifying application deployment. IT Project Manager / Operations Task Manager Social Security Administration August 2010 to June 2011 CTR)    Program: Contract to Social Security Administration (SSA) to support the CIO and Commissioners office for all IT needs and initiatives.  Accomplishments: Managed projects and operations support for the Executive Offices for the Chief Information Officer and Commissioners Office in both Baltimore and Washington, DC. Project Manager (Full-time) Quality Associates Inc August 2007 to August 2010 Program: A company specializing in document & content management solutions.    Accomplishments: Successfully managed document and content management projects in private and government sectors. Project Manager (Full-time) ThinLine Technologies Inc November 2004 to August 2007 Program: A privately-owned company specializing in networking, server and document & content management solutions.    Accomplishments: Successfully managed forty-two client accounts and implemented IT systems and services. Project Manager (CTR) The Constellation Energy Group November 2003 to November 2004 Program: This was a one-year contractual commitment for The Constellation Energy Group to coordinate the server data center consolidation project.    Accomplishments: Successfully consolidated nine data centers into five data centers. Education Bachelor's in computer information systems in computer information systems The College of Notre Dame of Maryland Skills Scheduling, budget