Senior IT / Application Project Manager Senior <span class="hl">IT</span> / Application <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Senior IT / Application Project Manager Shelby Charter Township, MI • 21 years of IT and Application Development project and program management support.  • Experience includes product/process planning and integration, quality management, continuous improvement, development and engineering, change management, financial management, global implementation, and Data Center Consolidation.  • Skills include detailed documentation for process and product development, planning and scheduling, production control, integration, manufacturing and IT (Information Technology, Technical Infrastructure, and Integration Services).  • Fluent in MS Office Suite, MS Project, Clarity and have acquired a solid background in CIS/MIS.  • Technical and business support to CIO, VPs, Directors, and Sr. Managers. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior IT / Application Project Manager W3R - Comerica Bank - Auburn Hills, MI April 2016 to June 2019 Network Infrastructure)    Group File Shares Migration to Microsoft Cloud - The project migrated group file shares to SharePoint Online (SPO). Scope includes all file shares across the U.S. consisting of ~7m files.  • Establish and coordinate SPO web sites for all site migrations.  • Coordinate with Information Lifecycle Management for file/record retention rule enablement.  • Coordinate with Fraud/Legal teams for on hold items.  • Implementation includes COTS, Vendor and custom application solutions.  • Liaison between IT, Business, and other vendors for project tasks, schedule and deliverables coordination.  • Communicate schedules, deliverables and status on daily basis.  WAN Upgrade - The project built and implemented WAN upgrade infrastructure with multiple AT&T solutions across the U.S.  Managed upgrade solution and schedule for ~400 sites.  • Implementations included installing new circuits and extensions, testing and go live schedules.  • Worked with AT&T, Industrial Electric, and Trextel vendors as well as onsite coordination.  • Communicated schedules, deliverables and status on daily basis.  Chip Technology, Digital Payments (MDM) and Virtual Analyst - The project implemented Mastercard chip technology for ATM and Debit cards to adhere to government Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard and audits, thereby enhancing security and reduce fraud. It also implemented Digital Payments starting with Apple Pay and Virtual Analyst to further support fraud prevention.  • Implementation includes COTS, Vendor and custom application development.  • Liaison between IT, Business, and other vendors for project tasks, schedule and deliverables coordination.  • Managed 8 workstreams including the following LOB's - Legal, Risk, Security, Fraud, Settlement and Disputes, Digital Payments, Conversion, Customer Service, Analytics, and Card Plastics. The Communications workstream includes Process and Workflow documentation, UAT, Training, Marketing, and Internal Communications teams.  • Implemented SMS and email messaging for Apple Pay and Virtual Analyst tool for Fraud prevention.  • Identified and setup access controls for new system (group profiles and user lists) and related operations process.  • Setup for all 3 components include multiple levels of authentication to aid in fraud prevention and includes IP Whitelist configuration.  • Created a subdomain for Virtual Analyst.  • Implemented new vendor for after-hours customer support.  • Owner of all Mastercard configuration changes and custom requirements - from documentation of change request through testing and implementation.  • Worked with IT and Business to build the comprehensive staggered deployment, readiness and validation plans.  • Documented "what if" scenarios to help plan for and mitigate potential issues once system is live.  • Point of contact to escalate issues and risks for each workstream and Mastercard.  • Facilitate various meetings and workshops with Mastercard and cross functional teams as required. Such as weekly workstream status reviews and monthly sponsor meetings.  • Provide executive, management, and workstream level status. IT Project Manager A-Line Staffing - Flagstar Bank - Troy, MI June 2015 to February 2016 IT - Chief of Staff, PMO)    SAS Analytics - The project implemented the SAS Analytics Tool to support the analytical capabilities needed to complete Capital Stress Testing requirements and Flagstar's submission of the DFAST in 2016 replacing STRATA.  TRID Rule Implementation - The project was to implement new rules mandated by the CFPB to simplify and improve mortgage disclosures, requiring the loan origination and documentation systems to replace the existing Good Faith Estimate (GFE) and initial Truth-in-Lending (TIL) with a new "Loan Estimate" form. The final TIL and HUD-1 settlement statement are being replaced by a new "Closing Disclosure" form. It also delivered a new MISMO 3.3 data format and reconciliation of the data feed between the initial loan estimate and final closing disclosure; delivery notification requirements; electronic audit trail as "proof" of delivery and compliance; and storage retention requirements to maintain this proof.  Records Management Remediation - The project was to develop an effective record destruction process while retaining control of data. Process work streams include Media Destruction, Legal Hold and Storage Remediation processes, along with an Automated Document Retention schedule.  Consumer Loan Direct Boarding - The project was to decouple direct lending from an internal application that currently handles funding, boarding and servicing as well as deliver a document retention and funding process to support Retail Banking in achieving future lending objectives and reporting. This is new system integration across 6 systems via direct feeds using Java based SOA and Data Warehouse.  • Member of Chief of Staff Office and PMO. Work directly with CIO, VPs and Directors.  • Develop and manage cost plans and budgets for each project (Clarity). TI Project Manager TekSystems - Ally Bank - Detroit, MI June 2013 to May 2015 Technical Infrastructure)    Data Center Consolidation - Migration of interfaces and applications to Ally's data centers from IBM and HP with minimal customer impact and compliance with Ally standards. Transition included upgrades, new technology and like for like scenarios via direct feeds using Java based SOA and Data Warehouse. Effort impacted NAO, Corporate, Security and Technology Infrastructure business units and external partners and vendors. Efficiencies were gained by having centrally owned and managed infrastructure in a corporate Data Center improving availability and reducing the number of incidents resulting in a decrease in business impacted events for all applications and related interfaces hosted in the Ally Data Centers. Scope included:  • IBM - All active interfaces (managed / unmanaged) across 20 application teams and many vendors to Ally data centers  • HP - All active HP mainframe interfaces across 41 applications and many vendors to Ally data centers  • HP - 40 Oracle Application Express (OAE) and GMAC Intranet/Extranet applications to Ally data centers  • Report to Program Manager and Business Unit Managers, continuous consultation with application teams and vendors IT Project Manager Epitec - Ford Motor Company - Dearborn, MI February 2011 to April 2013 Client and Security Engineering)    File & Print Server Refresh - Replacement of critical legacy file and print server infrastructure that provided print services, file sharing and SMS/SCCM for US and Mexico manufacturing sites and the global point of contact for SCCM services.  Active Directory Server Refresh - Global implementation of a repeatable service model for the IT core services for windows clients with zero impact on business during migrations. The new servers are secure, funded, have proper ownership, and are centrally managed. Efficiencies are gained by having centrally owned and managed infrastructure either in a corporate Data Center or installed locally thereby improving availability and reducing the number of incidents resulting in a decrease in business impacted events for all applications hosted in the Data Centers.  PC Power Management - Global deployment of the Power Management utility that provides the ability to remotely and centrally reduce the overall power consumption of PCs and Laptops during non-use off-hours (power up and hibernate as required per standards).  • Monitor HW / SW requirements, procurement  • Monitor impacts on WAN, LAN and DNS and back-up servers  • Generate and maintain SMS/SCCM maps with clients counts and circuit information  • Maintain SharePoint project site, manage and organize site permissions, libraries, lists and calendars  • Report to Program Manager and Department Supervisor, continuous consultation with cross functional teams IT Project Lead / Business Analyst Iconma - BCBS - Detroit, MI August 2008 to June 2010 PMO - IT)    Change Request Workflow - Implementation of a web-based workflow process tool to manage change requests across various functional areas; included leading the development, testing and legacy integration.  • Develop and maintain process diagrams using a hybrid RUP and Agile methodologies  • Business Process Modeling using Lombardi Teamworks  • Initial point of contact for the team sites end user community  • Manage and organize the site documentation and permissions  • Create document libraries, list, maintain site calendars  • Report to Project Manager and consult with cross functional managers and team members IT Project Lead / Business Analyst Trillium Teamologies - Chrysler LLC - Auburn Hills, MI May 2007 to June 2008 PMO - IT)    Application Infrastructure Repository - Implementation of enhancements to the application information database with emphasis on differentiating between SOX and non-SOX applications supporting global customers. Engaged Data Warehouse and Cognos teams for BI reporting.  Change Management System - Implementation of major enhancements to the Change Management tool with emphasis on differentiating between SOX and non-SOX applications supporting global customers.  • Managed a two-person full time team with support from four specialized developers and offshore developers  • Develop process diagrams and web screens  • Involved with the testing process for quality control  • Created step-by-step "How To" guides for change management process  • Report to ITM Senior Manager while supporting Project Managers Project Lead/ Business Analyst - Die Engineering Aerotek - GM September 2002 to May 2006 Development and implementation of combined vehicle program launch plans and schedules (US, Canada and Mexico). This was the first effort by the company to simultaneously launch different brands of vehicles and across the US, Canada and Mexico. Project Lead/ Business Analyst Various Temporary Jobs - GM - Warren, MI August 1998 to August 2002 Various Engineering Support Positions) Quality Assurance Intern Kelly Serices - UMI (ProQuest) - Ann Arbor, MI May 1998 to August 1998 Quality Assurance Internship)    Quality assurance testing of new release for ProQuest web application  • Unit, Integration, Acceptance, System, and On-line Performance testing for new release  • Functional testing for Y2K readiness, DB's and enhancements on networked, stand-alone and Internet environments  • Testing performed using IBM, Macintosh and Apple computers with Windows 3.x, 95, 98 and NT, Netscape and Internet Explorer  • Documented and categorized testing guidelines, procedures and results in a team environment  • Collected and organized CD-ROMs for juke box databases and associated paperwork  • Quality Assurance communications used GroupWise and Outlook software  • UNIX training Education Bachelor's Skills Pmbok, Sharepoint, Soa, Websphere, Sms, Cognos, Ms project, Change management, Ispf, Java, Jcl, Db2, Ids, Api, C++, Html, Systems development, Visio, Visual basic, Database, Estimating, budget, maintenance, Outlook, Scheduling, Microsoft Project, Sales, Word, Customer Service Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) Driver's License