Business Partner/Sr. Project Manager Business Partner/Sr. <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Business Partner/Sr. Project Manager - BBVA/COMPASS Chelsea, AL Energetic, self-motivated Program/ Project Manager with over 20 years' IT service experience in various industries as both partner and client. Adept at delivering high-quality results through managing virtual, cross-functional/multi-national teams. Skilled in partnering with c-suite executives to ensure program or project objectives are in alignment with organizational strategy.    Skills/Competencies  Program/ Project Management, Portfolio Management, PMO Governance, Information Technology, Healthcare, Communication Management, Project Plan/Charter Development, Budget Resource Estimate (BREW), Cost Benefit Analysts, Schedule Management, Vendor Management, Change Management, Issue and Risk Management, Integration, HL7, Electronic Health Records Compliance, Enterprise Resource Management, Product Development, Agile, Scrum, Waterfall, Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC), Cloud  Tools: MS Office Suite, MS Project, Project Server, SharePoint, Lotus Notes, Clarity, Clarify, PPM, Plainview, Jira Work Experience Business Partner/Sr. Project Manager BBVA/COMPASS January 2018 to June 2019 • Lead the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) Transition initiative in partnership with 3rd party consultant in assessing qualitative and quantitative exposure impacts and governance.  • Deliver Strategic KPI Data Domain informational project for the Customer Intelligence team ($750K). Direct project planning, data management/ETL resource, progress reporting, budget development/management and problem resolution to effectively manage project related to KPI development & delivery.  • Implemented Data Quality business rules metrics and scorecards utilizing Informatica Analysts, PowerCenter and MicroStrategy. Servant Leader and Scrum Master for Product Owner, backlog, Sprint Planning, Reviews, impediments and Retrospectives Program Manager for Omni Channel- eCommerce HIBBETT SPORTS June 2016 to June 2017 • Led $1.6M complex program/ projects tied to enterprise level strategic importance. Project work had high to very high risk and risk interdependencies, multiple interrelations both Business and IT.  • Hybrid Waterfall/agile scrum approach over 5 Releases. Daily scrum calls were held, several iterations of build/test were performed prior to and during QA, End to End weekly sprints and incremental go-lives, including soft launch  • Working knowledge of website integration (Demandware) and internet content. Led integration extract transform and load (ETL) integration teams utilizing Informatica and xml/xsd source to targets for Catalogs, Customers (Relate), Inventory (Locate), Orders to Fulfill (Radial), Orders Shipped/Canceled (PKMS), Sales, Returns.  • Led the system (Lawson, iCims, Dayforce Cloud) and operational (Payroll, HR, Store Operations, Legal) changes for California store expansion and compliance. Used QuickBase cloud platform for portfolio management. Partnered with First Data ADP for VISA pay card enhancements and modifications to financial operations (Payroll) for all 1100 stores. Project Manager III Dignity Health September 2013 to September 2015 * Assessed troubled Interactive Voice Response (IVR) system implementation for Human Resources and Payroll. Determined gap between contracted services/SOW and milestones and provided recommendation to organization leadership saving the organization over $250,000.  * Program Manager: Directed ARAMARK cloud software and services implementations ($3M) and was designated as main point of contact for all ARAMARK projects. Led and influenced several teams (architecture, interfaces, QA, Support and vendor resources). Controlled all deliverables and approvals throughout the project lifecycle.    * Achieved increase revenue and $35M cost reduction by standardizing management and operations of Food and Nutrition Services and Environmental Services.  ? Implemented ISISPro, PrimaWeb, (food production system) and CBORD Nutritional Suite, (dietary office solution) to all acute care facilities (40). Included CBORD Infrastructure of 29 hosts and 21 virtual servers.  ? Led implementation for Cerner Diet Orders standardization using Agile scrum approach and data security vulnerability evaluation. Facilitated daily scrum calls, performed several iterations of build/test prior to and during QA, Training, and Operations Support.  ? Managed CBORD security access and user authentication through Cisco Citrix groups/end users.  ? Implemented two interfaces (HL7) per facility utilizing Legacy (MS4) HIMS and EHR (Cerner, Meditech, Invision) patient records.  ? Planned Point of Sale (POS) program utilizing PCI compliance and financial industry merchant IDs.  ? Implemented ARAMARK MicroMarket for Enterprise Data Center cafeteria. Senior Project Manager McKesson November 2010 to September 2013 Project management for Enterprise Intelligence - Horizon Performance Management and Horizon Business Insight    * Managed implementation efforts for multi-facility hospitals up to 10 clients simultaneously. Directed all aspects of the technical infrastructure, development, and implementation of enterprise-wide solutions quality services.  * Adhered to deployment methodology from assessment through transition to support.  * Led all aspects of the project and managed virtual cross-functional teams.  * Managed sponsor/client expectations. Tracked and reported financial, total plan hours, and milestone status.  ? Requested by senior management to rescue two failing projects, assessed, re-started, and led to successful implementations.  ? Ensure Quality Reporting: CMS, Meaningful Use, Clinical Effectiveness, Core Measures, Patient Satisfaction, AHRQ. Project management McKesson July 2009 to November 2010 for Horizon Enterprise Revenue Management (Horizon ERM)    * Directed the integration architecture, development, implementation, and program efforts of enterprise-wide solution rollout for a new product line at new McKesson client site. General Ledger, encounters, financial and clinical data/analytics.  * Led both internal and external resources with infrastructure, design, build, and functional testing of Horizon Enterprise Revenue Management Access Management and Scheduling.  ? Managed implementation efforts for multi-facility hospital ($7M).  ? Oversight of HzERM Horizon Integration Architecture infrastructure, Data Center, and Group Security  ? Created/implemented PM Policies and Procedures.  ? Established and implemented functional testing scripts, processes, and procedures.  ? Met first payment milestone for Functional Testing ($6M). Phase 1 Access Management. Senior Project Manager Dst health solutions, inc March 2006 to March 2009 * Program management for consumer directed healthcare (CDH) product with Bank of America.  * Managed and delivered multiple complex projects on schedule and within budget according to client requirements and scope. Adhered to software development lifecycle and release management methodology with multi mainframe systems.  * Led matrix, virtual teams offshore and onshore. Achieved contractual commitments related to quality, cost, and schedule.  * Prepared and presented project plans and status reports to organizational leadership, project teams, and client/customer groups  ? Program management for major Health Plan BCBS client utilizing custom PowerMHS product.  ? Project management for Consumer Directed Healthcare application.  ? Integrated Health Solution: Successfully managed implementation of the DRG 6.2 product changes for custom PowerMHS client.  ? National Provider Identifier (NPI): Successfully managed implementation of NPI enhancements for custom PowerMHS client.  ? Premium Billing: Successfully managed implementation of premium billing enhancements for custom Power MHS client. Project duration approximately 5 months.  ? Vendor Selection process for ERP Human Resources and Finances IT Project Manager Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Louisiana May 2004 to February 2006 * Leadership role in defining project plans and developing measures to monitor and track the progress of multiple IT healthcare complex mainframe systems projects or programs to ensure milestones are met on time and on/or under budget.  * Developed divisional best practices, techniques, and tools for all aspects of portfolio management. Communicated project management standards and techniques to the appropriate training staff.  * Identified and managed both internal and external key resources for the life of the project to ensure tasks and deliverables are completed.  ? Facets Integration Program: Successfully managed implementation of nine interface related projects concurrently from planning through production.  ? BlueSaver Health Saving Account: Successfully managed implementation of BlueSaver Health Saving Account product (Health Insurance).  ? Anesthesia Design Enhancements: Successfully managed implementation of anesthesia enhancements reducing claim adjudication time and cost.  ? Social Security Conversion Mandate: Successfully managed implementation of social security contract number conversion mandate by the Blue Cross Association improving security of policy holder identity. (Health, Life Insurance) Project Manager/PMO November 1994 to May 2004