Job Seeker Huntersville, NC Work Experience Field Nation November 2018 to Present Field Nation is an internet based system where IT workers go to see various kinds of IT work that is made available by many different companies. The individual companies state the details of the work they need done and the price they will pay. Then techs in the area will request the work be assigned to them.    I have done many jobs for Field Nation, ranging from simple desktop PC installs to switch and router set ups. This work is done on a 1099 individual bases Project Manager Telesource April 2018 to October 2018 Project Manager in a small managed resource company that had many large accounts with nationwide businesses. My responsibilities included working with AT&T engineers and ABC Supply corporate to oversee pre-fiber work for over 700 stores nationwide. ABC stores were converting from copper to fiber for faster service.  • Working with various electrical contractors nationwide  • Collaborating with AT&T engineers to decide best path for fiber to each location  • Maintained a spreadsheet with over 700 locations  • Created work orders for each job at each location  • Maintained all work order information in the proprietary system "Connect" Field Nation May 2017 to April 2018 Field Nation is an internet based system where IT workers go to see various kinds of IT work that is made available by many different companies. The individual companies state the details of the work they need done and the price they will pay. Then techs in the area will request the work be assigned to them.    I have done many jobs for Field Nation, ranging from simple desktop PC installs to switch and router set ups. This work is done on a 1099 individual bases. IT Project Manager Charlotte Douglas Airport - Charlotte, NC June 2015 to April 2017 Project manager for the Aviation department at one of the nation's busiest airports. The projects are very diverse and I am involved in some very interesting projects with a lot of cutting edge technology.  • Installed a Lightning warning system throughout the entire airport which included a lot of "new" technology"  • Installed a DAS (distributed antennae system) throughout the airport terminals for better cell phone coverage (AT&T, Verizon, T-Mobile, and Sprint) for all of the customers at the airport.  • Installed an airport wide Motorola radio system including over 200 airport vehicles (mobile) and 300 hand held radios for the employees.  • Installed a "Metasys" automated building control system to help with building access (card  • readers) and automating HVAC and numerous other building systems.  • Installation of credit card readers for the Valet parking building  • Overseeing the day to day scheduling and work of numerous small projects. Technical Project Manager Bank of America - Charlotte, NC April 2014 to November 2014 Joined the CCVT team (call center voice technology) as a TPM managing the implementation of large scale call centers across the nation.  • Working with multiple teams to ensure functionality of all call center applications  • Nice call recording  • CME call routing  • Cisco voice mail  • Avaya phone systems  • ACM's Technical Project Manager Bank of America - Charlotte, NC January 2004 to January 2014 Project management for the Corporate Real Estate Department involving associate moves from floor to floor or building to building. Managing the technical aspects of moving 1 to 2000 people and all their equipment needs including cabling, switches, routers, telephones, printers and PC's.  • Ability to handle multiple projects  • Understanding of technical infrastructure switches, routers, servers  • Managed a move of over 500 people in Tampa Fla. Including all servers, routers, printers, phones etc. into a warehouse that had no existing technology (complete turnkey buildout) including Decom of old buildings technology  • Managed the Decom of all IT related components on many floors, buildings in downtown Charlotte  • Scheduling and working with outside vendors (EDS, Miller electric, Archura, HP, property management companies, etc.  • Working with and understanding of blueprints and floor plans  • Developing detail Move Matrices (Excel) to capture all information needed for a successful associate move  • Proficient in most applications such as Microsoft Office Suite Senior Technical Analyst Bank of America May 1997 to January 2004 Responsibilities include a wide variety of hardware and software technical support in an Enterprise Wan environment for the nation's largest bank. Providing support for desktops, laptops, software and all related components at multiple locations  • Windows operating system support.  • Support of the help line.  • Set up Remote Access using Cisco client (VPN))  • Scheduling of work requests.  • Installation and troubleshooting Outlook and Lotus Notes.  • Deployment of software through Tivoli.  • Ordering new equipment and warehousing of old.  • Support a variety of in house software as well as most Microsoft products.    Tools/Software  • Microsoft  • Excel  • Word  • Project  • Share Point  • Nexus  • Clarity  • Primavera (UTIP)  • Ability to quickly adapt to and learn in-house developed software tools Education IBM Certified Sierra College - Sacramento, CA Certifications/Licenses ITIL Present