Job Seeker Program Manager - Cisco Systems Livermore, CA Extensive experience in IT. Excels in Telecom & Networking, balancing network solutions to achieve both business and technical goals. Adroit at planning, design and implementation of global networks, and infrastructure solutions. Skilled in vendor selection and management, including carriers, telcos, software vendors, etc. Able to evaluate and select new technology solutions, with a proven track record of delivering complex projects on-time, and on-budget. Focus on Budget management, budget reconciliation, financial analysis, and forecasting. Able to deliver complex technical concepts to a range of audiences and drive standardized global solutions that are supportable, scalable, and highly available. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Cisco Systems - San Jose, CA 2012 to Present Program Manager Cisco Systems 2015 to December 2018 Service Manager for US, Latin America and Canada. Partner with regional stakeholders to assure network reliability and exceptional user performance.  • Act as Scrum Master for global Network Management initiatives within network Services.  • Conduct continuous case management and data development using ServiceNow and Remedy.  • Collaborate with Global Procurement Services, Telecom Expense Management, Information Security, Planning, Design, Implementation, & Operations.  • Lead team to create quarterly Operations Reviews for Senior Management. Content included detailed Financial, Security, Provisioning metrics, as well as roadmaps for solution deployments.  • Represent client to improve user experience in the remote offices.  • Prioritize lifecycle management of field office networking infrastructure with North & South America (~$10M+ annual spend). Project Manager Cisco Systems 2013 to 2015 Led global teams to plan, implement, and support IT solutions for an internal client base.  • Deployed new technologies onto the Cisco network (400 sites). Deployment efforts included LAN, WLAN, ISP, WAN, Remote Access, as well as the decommissioning of legacy equipment.  • Partnered with Network Services (NWS) on planning for upcoming Fiscal Year.  • Coordinated configuration changes and related change management windows to deploy dual stack solution to Global infrastructure, exceeding 30,000 devices.  • Deploy data center switching Fabric (Nexus 7K) to enable extension of layer 2 applications across production data centers globally. Project Manager IT Cisco Systems 2012 to 2013 Led Network Services project management team within GIS. Collaborated with Project Managers to execute various networking initiatives (WAN/LAN, Remote Access, Extranet, Wireless, etc.).  • Led the technical team and worked in conjunction with Global Procurement to create the RFI/RFP for Cisco's Next Generation WAN. Project Manager STS International Inc. at Cisco Systems, Inc 2010 to 2012 Led global teams to plan, design, implement and support IT solutions for an internal client base. Solutions included, but were not limited to, AT&T UVN (DWDM), DWDM dark fiber solution, WAN access, and acquisition integration.  • Led the networking integration track for the Tandberg Acquisition.  • Led cross functional team to build carrier provided Local Access rings (AT&T UVN rings), working closely with AT&T team to reduce telecom spend by ~ $3.8M annually, the customer provided access solution also greatly reduced circuit provisioning times.  • Led a global team to plan, design, and implement an upgrade to the existing WAN infrastructure for the US Southern Backbone (10 Gbps). STS International Inc. at Cisco Systems, Inc - San Jose, CA 2005 to 2012 Global Field Implementation Project Manager STS International Inc. at Cisco Systems, Inc 2005 to 2010 Managed IT projects that included fleet, office relocations, and data center deployments, topology upgrades, as well as new technology deployments in North and South America.  • Led implementation team in the deployment of current standard hardware. Sites included Field Sales Offices (FSO) and Data Centers (DC)  • Led implementation team in relocating FSO sites. Deployed current standard of hardware and delivered WAN access to site.  • Regional Lead to deploy Next Generation Wireless in 140 Cisco sites throughout Canada, South America, and USA) Education High school or equivalent Skills Project Management, Program Management Links http://linkedin.com/in/k-dale-price Certifications/Licenses Scrum Master