Software Developer Software Developer Software Developer Saratoga Springs, NY Work Experience Software Developer QVT Financial LP - New York, NY 2012 to June 2018 jj@jjmckeever.com  Collaborated with a small group of talented, in-house group of developers to build trading and portfolio management  systems. Skills    Projects included: C#  LED bulb sales tracker: web scraper to collect inventories  Excellent from Home Depot. Scraping and storage of results  executed via the Azure platform. Python  Equity index component analyzer: database of index  composition histories, and a front-end user interface that Very Good  allowed the user to analyze the key drivers of the index  git  performance.  Portfolio constituent query engine: using the pandas  Very Good  dataframes package, developed a suite of in-line python  functions which the portfolio managers could use to track Financial statement  the performance of their trades over time. comprehension IT Project Manager QVT Financial LP - New York, NY 2007 to December 2011 Liaised with portfolio managers and other firm personnel to determine the software needs of the business.  Coordinated with the in-house software team to  determine the programs and systems required to meet  those needs.  Trading operations, portfolio management, accounting, and investor relations were all executed using customized  proprietary software. Trading Assistant QVT Financial LP - New York, NY 2003 to December 2006 Supported the portfolio management team with order  execution, trade settlement, accounting and profit & loss  calculations. Education Bachelor of Science in Mathematical Stanford University - Stanford, CA 1998 to June 2002 Skills Git, C# (10+ years), Python (10+ years) Assessments Data Analysis — Expert August 2019 Measures a candidate's skill in interpreting and producing graphs, identifying trends, and drawing justifiable conclusions from data. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/2b0dkgmidtaq3sf Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.