IT Principal Project Manager - Product Development IT <span class="hl">IT</span> Principal <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> - Product Development <span class="hl">IT</span> IT Principal Project Manager - Product Development IT Superior, CO Work Experience IT Principal Project Manager - Product Development IT Oracle Corporation - Broomfield, CO March 2010 to July 2019 Technology: Oracle Cloud (SaaS), Jira (Scrum, Kanban, Lean, Dashboards),  Slack, MS- Project, Confluence, Devops,  Primavera, Visio, Oracle 19c-10g, Golden Gate 12c/11g, Oracle Apps R12/11i, Weblogic 12c/11g /10g, APEX, Git, Jenkins, SAFe, REST API, Demantra, ODI, SQL, OBIEE & Agile,    • Successfully led complex and very large development, infrastructure and operational projects for Data Warehouse, Supply Chain Management, Infrastructure and Strategic for 9+ years.  • Oversaw 75+ projects and multiple products, on time, on budget and to the highest quality.  • Scrum Master and Agile  • Coached teams in Scrum and Agile best practices for software development and enterprise wide initiatives.  • Collaborated with scrum team on best practices, team standards, self-organizing, process documentation, and tools (JIRA, Scrum, Kanban, Slack and Confluence).  • Facilitated sprint (planning, review & retrospectives), Burndown and scrum of scrums.  • Identified and removed impediments proactively. Efficiently resolved escalated issues.   • Coached development team on self-management, transparency and accountability and mentored product Owner on effective product backlog management.  • Ensured teams had all the required artifacts created to comply with QA audit process.  • Communicated with executives, stakeholders and customers on a regular basis.  • Waterfall SDLC  • Reviewed and finalized project requirements scope with stakeholders, LOBs and SMEs.   • Worked with executives and directors on reviewing/approving each project from PDIT.  • Led project team throughout project lifecycle, from initiation to close.  • Created and managed project scope, plan, detailed tasks, schedule, budget, and resources.  • Monitored project tasks, progress, changes, mitigated risks and resolved conflicts.  • Hosted regular project team and cross-team calls for updates and problem solving.  • Continually communicate with executives, key stakeholders and customers.  • Delivered documentation, training, and support transition to operation teams.  • Always ensured project business value delivery and stabilization goals were met.  • Managed projects via MS Project, Primavera, P-Track and JIRA.  • Maintained very good relationships with internal teams, cross-teams, business/product owners, stakeholders, customers and executives.  • Product Manager/Owner:                          • Successfully managed and delivered 3 internal products.  • Consistently ensured product vision was on track.  • Translated business ideas and requirements from stakeholders and business owners into small stories.  • Managed product backlog efficiently (ordering, refining and maintaining # of stories)  • Attended regular sprint calls, identifying and agreeing with potentially releasable software  • Resolved issues and clarifications quickly.  • Monitored and supported weather climate changes with current/future market trend.  • Tested and Demonstrated increments  • Communicated with stakeholders and management, provided demo/training also supply release notes.  • Selected Major Accomplishments  • Asset Manager 2.0 - (multi-million dollars project):- Tracking all of Oracle assets in Data warehouse (DW).  • Set up infrastructure for Supply Chain Management for new/upgrade techstacks, scalability, high availability and managed functional projects for Value Chain Planning and Product Life Cycle Management.  • Scan Manager 2.0 & 3.0 - application (web and mobile):  Use by data center engineers to track and manage assets and upload real time to Data Warehouse.   • Data Center Map 2.0 application:  use for planning and operating data centers efficiently.   • Space and Power:  Provides power utilization report accurately from each data centers.  • Set up infrastructure, and initiated solution to load data automatically from Cloud and Enterprise from local 26 data center sites into central Enterprise Manager, enhanced functionality to bring data from additional from new data center locations.  • Improved data protection and eliminated security threats to all 230+ databases and throughout applications by encrypting sensitive data.  • SaaS: Managed migration projects from on premise to cloud.  • DR: Automated disaster recovery tasks for business continuity management planning.  • Security: Implemented Transparent Data Encryption and Database Vault for 230+ databases also related applications for data protection.  • Automated Database Upgrades: Saved costs and improved operational efficiency, timings and quality by performing quarterly patching for DB and MT, shutdown and startup.   • Led global operational upgrade projects for database, exadata, golden gate, weblogic, obiee, ebs, and agile.  • Drove consolidation projects for Data Center, Data Warehouse, Systems, Database and various applications.  • Successfully managed Business Continuity Management Planning (BCMP) and General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) for the Enterprise. IT Project Manager | DBA Manager | Lead DBA - IT Operations Sun Microsystems - Broomfield, CO August 2000 to March 2010 Technology: MS Project, Oracle (7.x - 11g), Oracle Apps (10.x to 12i), Oracle 10g RAC, OID/SSO, BPEL, Oracle 10g Grid Control, Oracle Advanced Rep for 8i, Sybase (11.x to 15.x), Sybase Replication (11.x to 12.x), Shareplex(3.x to 5.x), SunCluster (2.x to 3.x)    ? IT Project Manager  ? Managed enhancements for (IBIS - Integrated Business Information Systems) - ERP application.  ? Managed the Database and MT global upgrade projects.  ? Provided Production Support from Tier 3 (Advanced Technical Support) team.  ? Worked with senior management to procure hardware.  ? DBA Manager for Oracle On Demand (OOD) Third Party DBA Team  ? Managed OOD team with 15 DBAS on-site/off-site globally to support IBIS application.  ? Recruited talented personnel, filling resource gap within allotted budget.  ? Effectively managed budget for operations, training and transition.  ? Coordinated knowledge transfer sessions from OOD to Sun internal teams.  ? Successfully transitioned the Production Support from OOD to Sun which saved $3M.  ? Lead DBA  ? Global lead for the Tier 3 & 2 teams in IT Operations. Successfully lead the team to improve on in RCA, Performance & Tuning, process, alarm reduction, automation, knowledge transfer, training & onboard documentations.  ? Created in-house training materials for Sybase and Shareplex admin. Trained 100+ DBAs, which saved $1 million to the organization. Education Master of Computer Applications in Computer Applications Alagappa University Bachelor of Science in Physics Bharathidasan University Links http://linkedin.com/in/somu-sundaram-71130711