Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager - Ivci AV Integration Hicksville, NY Experienced Audio-Visual Project Manager and results-oriented professional. Specialized in optimizing performance, project management, profit and loss, finance, contract negotiation, business development and coordination.    Confident and well-spoken professional ably establishes strategic partnerships and promotes workplace fluidity. Time and detail-oriented, recognized for quality and efficiency within company parameters.    Core Skills Include:    • Excellent Customer Service Skills  • Articulate Verbal & Written Communication Skills  • Mastery in Business Development  • Project Management & Implementation  • Profound Time Management Skills  • Strong Organizational & Decision-Making Skills Work Experience Project Manager Ivci AV Integration - Hauppauge, NY October 2018 to Present • New construction & renovation projects include: Cushman Wakefield Canada, Bayer, and Monsanto.  • Typically work on up to 6-8 projects at once  • Verticals: Universities, Law Firms, Corporate  • Average project size is between $250k-$400k  • Largest project in value are $2.1million Turkish Embassy United Nations  • Hire & oversee 8-10 subcontractors on a project  • Interface with construction management, general contractor, architects, clients and AV consultant and supervise both direct and subcontract labor.  • Direct and supervise project administration, subs and engineers to establish project guidelines, contract negotiation, staff needs, and project meetings  • Oversee all technical aspects, engineering, and construction activities according to project plans.  • Work with accounting, contract administration and management team to resolve project problems to ensure project profitability and quality of installation.  • Manage the project budget, schedule, and scope of work  • Implement: Extron, Crestron, Biamp, Polycom and Zoom systems  • Maintain a safe, secure jobsite, and ensure all permitting & compliance regulations are met  • OSHA 10 and 30 Certified Project Manager Tritech Communications, NY May 2016 to Present • Largest projects in value are $6million (co-pm), $1.8million, $1.5million  • Average project size is between $250k-$400k  • Typically work on up to 6-8 projects at once  • Hire & oversee 8-10 subcontractors on a project  • Verticals: Universities, Law Firms, Corporate  • New construction & renovation projects include: NYSE, Neuberger, Cushman Wakefield, Doctors without Borders  • Implement: Extron, Crestron, Biamp, Polycom systems  • Plan, organize, direct and control resources & activities required to meet project deliverables client satisfaction, schedule and profitability.  • Interface with construction management, general contractor, architects, clients and AV consultant and supervise both direct and subcontract labor.  • Work with accounting, contract administration and management team to resolve project problems to ensure project profitability and quality of installation.  • Plan and schedule engineering, installation, and subcontracting activities on large and/or complex systems, including site surveys and client needs analysis.  • Direct and supervise project administration, subs and engineers to establish project guidelines, contract negotiation, staff needs, and project meetings.  • Work with engineering department on design and drafting phases of jobs and with purchasing for accurate and timely procurement of equipment  • Manage the project budget, schedule, and scope of work  • Maintain a safe, secure jobsite, and ensure all permitting & compliance regulations are met  • Identify and resolve any changes or issues that may arise during the construction phase, including generating change orders.  • Oversee all technical aspects, engineering, and construction activities according to project plans. Field Service Engineer/ IT Director Synergy Telecom, PA 1999 to 2008 • Identify De-marc and extending with Cat V when necessary  • Test and Turn-up of DSL (SDSL, ADSL, IDSL) Circuits  • Installation and configuration of DSL routers/bridges (Netopia, flowpoints, etc)  • Troubleshoot provisioning, routing, and circuit delivery issues with NOC and TAC  • Troubleshoot connectivity issues at the DSLAM in the CO  • Testing/resetting routers submitted as RMA by other technicians before sending back to manufacturer  • Daily reports  • Inventory  • LG and Cisco phone Voip services, includes Vpbx and Pbxi systems. Sip systems.  • Manage all IT for field service group. Outlook Email and proprietary software. Project Manager Sounds Perfect Audio Inc - New York, NY 1997 to 2006 The Company is a high-tech residential consulting and installation firm with offices in Hicksville, Long Island. They design, install, and support house control systems, CCTV, computer networks, audio systems, video systems, lighting systems, telephone systems, home automation, and other high-tech goodies. I was involved in million-dollar projects for clients such as Pulte Homes Inc and Roseland properties Inc. I was responsible for the design, wiring, programming, installation, and long-term support of the technical systems. My skills include strong verbal, presentation, and written communication skills, a good ability to relate and communicate with clients.  • Meeting with architects, designers, and clients to review system design.  • Meeting with contractors to locate wiring and other devices.  • Working with the engineering team to produce wiring plans, engineering reports, programming flow charts, and other technical documents.  • Brainstorming solutions as needed to overcome jobsite challenges.  • Being an expert on all the systems supported.  • Scheduling of resources Operations Supervisor Verizon Avenue - New York, NY 2001 to 2003 The primary objective of the company is to provide voice/data services to multi dwelling units (residential/hospitality) through an Ethernet/DSLAM deployment. I was known to be a dedicated team leader with well-developed communication and presentation skills with the ability to resolve many issues in a timely manner resulting in high performance level among the technicians and low operations costs per truck roll.    • Supervise installation/repair technicians  • Daily scheduling, "scrubbing", and dispatching of work orders  • Coordinate with NOC outages and dispatch on trouble tickets as necessary  • Support full compliance with the CWA procedures/regulations and provide remediation of grievances  • Perform spot checks  • Provide weekly/monthly performance reports to upper management  • Ensure high productivity levels per technician  • Provide training on new equipment or methods  • Coordinate with CWA (union) to ensure correct guidelines were used.    Field Service Technician  • Installation of DSL bridge to connect to DSLAM equipment in the MDF utilizing existing single pair from the living unit. Additionally, installed Proxim wireless AP's and clients where wiring was not feasible.  • Installation and configuration of software on the end user PC (Win9x, 2k, XP, MAC)  • Field Test and acceptance of DSLAM (Elastic Networks) and Ethernet (Cisco/HP) deployment  • Train new technicians  • Technical support to sales team at launches in promoting voice/data packages Education Farmingdale College - Farmingdale, NY 1994 B.S. in Computer Science University of Halesowen - Birmingham 1987 Links http://www.intercontinentalexchange.com http://www.theice.com http://www.nyse.com