IT Project Manager (Consultant) <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> (Consultant) IT Project Manager Joliet, IL Experienced IT Project Manager with 12 years of working in the information technology and service industries. Ability to leverage technology in developing and implementing multiple core project work plans and organizing the overall implementation of assigned projects. 16 years of military leadership and two tours in Iraq, utilizing leadership skills during all phases of projects by providing direction and motivation. Certified in ITIL v3 Foundation, ScrumMaster and OSHA 30. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager (Consultant) ULTA (Apex Systems) - Boolingbrook, IL January 2019 to July 2019 Managed up to 10+ projects across the United States for IT Infrastructure deployment in switches, routers, AP’s, T1 Line circuits, Fiber, Telephone Lines Installations for Ulta new stores.  Utilized Microsoft Project, Monday.com and Excel to managed scheduling and work plans for all projects.  Developed, promoted and motivated a productive environment ensuring the team had the necessary tools to meet department goals.  Worked with cross-functional network team in planning, gathering requirements for VPN configuration setup for AWS Data Migration.  Developed a relationship with property managers in coordinating and communicated with Local Exchange Carriers with installations of T1 Lines, Telephone Lines and Fiber installations.  Successfully deployed over 40+ Ulta New Stores across the United States.  Lead team in creating an escalation process within the department and presented to management.  Collaborated with cross-functional network team in reviewing and updating Ulta’s outdated scope of work for new stores with network diagram, data rack diagram and port switch assignments. IT Project Manager E2 Services - Oswego, IL July 2017 to April 2018 Managed over 15 projects for IT infrastructure deployment in switches, routers, APs, servers, software applications and network setups.  Accomplishments include successful implementation of IronPort Cloud Mail Security, SonicWall upgrades, VMware AirWatch, Office 365 migration, Skype for business upgrade and MS Direct Access for clients.  Led project planning and implementation to meet defined project deliverables. Applied Connect Wise Manage to manage scheduling and work plans for all projects, while monitoring workflow and making timeline adjustments as needed to ensure on-time completion.  Assembled and coordinated project team members, consisting of 2 to 4 technicians at a time and assigning individual responsibilities.  Facilitated and coordinated project level communication and interactions with clients, team and vendors to maintain service levels; monitored project progress and reported status and client expectations and satisfactions. IT Project Manager UNO CHARTER SCHOOL NETWORK - Chicago, IL February 2007 to March 2017 Oversaw projects for 15 charter schools under one shared IT service, managing 5-6 technicians. Managed IT projects, third-party vendors, and contractors on the design and deployment of schools' LAN, WAN, and intranet systems upgrade and expansion to accommodate 7,800 students, faculty, and staff.  Applied Microsoft Project tool to manage scheduling and work plan for all projects.  Planned, design and managed deployment and implementation of a $5 million-dollar IT infrastructure upgrade through strategic planning, tracking and scheduling for associated support services - including network servers, shared storage, emails, software applications, routers, switches, security cameras, proximity card readers, and access points in each classroom.  Designed work plan with third-party vendor in configuration of Cisco VOIP infrastructure for all 16 charter schools, including SIP Trunk and Fiber installation for entire network.  Designed work plan with third-party vendor in identifying locations for security cameras, access controls, and card readers; created policies for access hours for entire Charter School Network.  Supervised infrastructure designed for new office location for Charter School District office, ordering POT Lines, location of APs, Cisco Handsets and configuring Cisco VOIP dial plan.  Participated in vendor contract negotiations, vendor relationship, procurement, and ongoing vendor change management and vendor performance management, ensuring that they met or exceeded their contractual obligations by delivering quality products and services on time. Platoon Commander \ Section Leader UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS RESERVE - Waukegan, IL June 1994 to February 2007 Two tours in Iraq in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom.  Supervised a platoon of 30, mentoring Platoon Sergeant, Squad Leaders and Fire Team Leaders. Drafted weekly schedules and organized the platoon to sustainment training and daily immediate action drills.  Completed evaluations of junior Marines with subsequent counseling and submitted awards.  Completed all platoon's administration as necessary to support operations and troop welfare.  Coordinated daily activities with the headquarters' staff to ensure missions were being supported and conducted on-time and passed critical information up the chain of command.  Assisted in the platoon's logistical preparations for over 100 combat missions, including a 27-vehicle convoy covering over 200 miles, as well as the platoons embarkment process for redeployment back to the U.S.  Performed technical maintenance, and installed software and upgrades of 35 personal laptops. Education ITIL Foundation, ScrumMaster, CompTia Security +, PMP MicroTrain Technology - Lombard, IL July 2018 to November 2018 Bachelor of Science in Computer Information Systems in Computer Information Systems DEVRY INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY - Chicago, IL Skills Waterfall (9 years), Scrum Master (Less than 1 year), Agile (Less than 1 year), CSM, Information Technology, PM, Project Management, Itil Military Service Branch: United States Marine Corps Reserve Service Country: United States Rank: E-6, SSGT June 1994 to February 2007 Certifications/Licenses ITIL v3 Foundation July 2018 to Present ScrumMaster August 2018 to August 2020 OSHA 30 May 2018 to Present