IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager - Southside Solutions, LLC • IT professional with 15+ years of experience in Business Analytics, Project Management, Contract Administration and Negotiations in both large and small companies.  • Accomplished IT Professional with experience in process implementation, software development, and product/ project management.  • Has worked projects for state and federal government  • Proven successful negotiator, saving organizations millions of dollars in hard cost savings.  • Has undergone university training on Agile/Scrum methodologies.  • Successfully manages teams enjoys being held responsible for the outcome of any task that I am assigned.  • Aiming to use my proven technical, management, and negotiation skills to effectively fill a professional position.  • Highly-organized and dynamic project coordinator, particularly effective in project management and time prioritization. Track record of handling challenging situations with tact.  • Possesses a B.S. in I/S Business Management. Work Experience IT Project Manager Southside Solutions, LLC - Columbia, SC February 2016 to Present • Organizing, executing, and fulfilling requirements for assigned IT business projects  • Proprietary software development in an AGILE environment  • Prepares Budget Forcasting using Excel  • Able to interpret and document business requirements to meet both state and federal requirements.  • Able to formulate technical resolutions to business issues.  • Manages infrastructure projects for software, hardware and systems implementations including data migrations  Able to work independently, self-motivated.  • Maintains an effective organizational team and motivates diverse staff to accomplish mission critical operations and objectives. Promotes workforce engagement.  • Demonstrates sound supervisory skills with efforts to promote equal opportunity  • Draft, review, manage and negotiate contracts for IT Projects.  • Acts as business liaison between technical teams, subject matter experts, and IT Vendors  • Expert in strategic management for technology/applications, including cross-platform integration, project scheduling/ coordination, and delivering software releases to meet business needs.  • Drafting and managing Statements of Work (SOW), Project Change Requests (PCR) and business proposals  • Review, manage, and negotiate IT vendor agreements.  • Proficient at scheduling projects, documenting project plans, formulating and defiing scope, milestones and deliverables  • Performing research, collecting information, writes reports, performs analytics and gives presentations as needed  • Recommends enhancements/changes to IT Projects anticipating business challenges  • Develops effective and measurable strategies to build innovative products, successful consulting projects, increase customer acquisition, and expand brand awareness  • Provides communication and support to business from initial requirements to final implementation  • Prepares detailed work breakdown structures (WBS) using Visio  • Manages the budget, planning, kickoff, risk/mitigations, resourcing, actions/issues, meeting minutes, and regular status reviews through project implementation.  • Working knowledge and experience in the areas of business process review, business process improvement and re-engineering concepts and practices  • Design documentation such as business context diagram, physical network diagram, integration architecture diagram and system context diagram using Microsoft Visio. Created and maintained documentation for support team including successful simultaneous data-center migration and virtualization using Word, Visio, and PowerPoint.  • Proven in the ability to develop, track, and translate business requirements into written technical and functional specifications  • Scheduling and coordinating project resources in MS Project  • Preforms pricing, cost and budget analysis sheets using Excel.  • Proven leader, managing all business aspects of IT Projects  • Able to troubleshoot and resolve problems. Blue Cross Blue Shield of SC - Columbia, SC May 2011 to January 2016 FTE) Contractor Blue Cross Blue Shield of SC June 2008 to May 2011 Information Systems/ IT Projects  • Proficient at scheduling projects, documenting project plans, formulating and defiing scope, milestones and deliverables  • Ensures that all reporting and documentation for the MES Program are processed with high quality.    • IT Contract Negotiation and Administration  • Able to interpret and document business requirements to meet both state and federal requirements.    • Knowledgeable of regulations associated with contracting including:  ? Federal Acquistion Regulation (F.A.R)  ? Defense Finance & Accounting Service (D.F.A.S)  ? Cost Accounting Standards (CAS)  ? Truth in Negotiations Act (TINA)  ? Health Insurance Portabiity and Accountablity Act (HIPAA)  ? S.C. Rules of Civil Procedure  ? Federal Rules of Civil Procedure  • Cabable of leading teams with warmth and sincerity to peers and clients, and a willingness to work together to achieve mutual goals, Committed to employ diplomacy to ward off adversity in difficult situations, Adept at handling group facilitation activities in order to bring team workers together.  • IT Vendor relationship management, including vetting new vendors, for the acquisition of IT Software, Hardware and Services  • Applicable knowledge of IT infrastructure including Distributed Systems and Mainframe  • Revised agreements to include terms and clauses that organizationally promoted:  ? Operational Integrity  ? Fiscal Value in Procurement  ? Government Compliance  ? HIPAA Compliance  ? Software Licensing Compliance  • Business analysis skills in a complex technology environment  • Working knowledge and experience in the areas of business process review, business process improvement and re-engineering concepts and practices  • Possess Critical thinking, decision-making and problem-solving skills  • Experienced in defining and documenting system requirements for issues or new processes as prioritized by the business  • Proven in the ability to develop, track and translate business requirements into written technical and functional specifications  • Serves as liaison for business units, technology team, stakeholders and Vendors to ensure solutions meet customer needs  • Provide consistent, frequent communication and support to business from initial requirements to final implementation  • Practiced project management methodologies to ensure projects are delivered on time, within budget and within scope  • Experienced in business requirement or project change management  • Performed as project liaison between internal client and other pertinent business areas including legal department, IT Subject Matter Experts, Executive Management Stakeholders, Procurement department and IT Vendors  • Knowledge and skills with planning and tracking key project milestones using Microsoft Project  • Overall Project coordination in cross-functional projects of medium to high complexity or multiple large, complex projects including software, hardware and systems implementation  • Research, analyze, and summarize requirements to make recommendations on behalf of business units  • Research potential technical issues for recent technology  • Working knowledge of technical products as needed across enterprise  • Key role in mentoring new team-members  • Planning and organizing  • Ability to drive results  • Excellent Personal Communication skills  • Able to troubleshoot and resolve problems.  • Facilitate communication verbally, in writing and through presentations  • Adaptability    Applications  • Microsoft Office 365  ? Word  ? Excel  ? PowerPoint  ? Access  • Microsoft Visio  • Microsoft SharePoint  • Microsoft Project  • JIRA  • IBM Curam  • Adobe Acrobat Professional  • Client ALM  • IAMS (purchasing system)  • Quality Center  • SalesForce  • Quality Manager Education Bachelors in Science in Management Information Systems Midlands Technical College 2017 Bellevue University 2016