Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Denver, CO Experienced IT Professional with excellent client and project management skills. Action-oriented with ability to communicate effectively with technology, executive, and business audiences. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager Flexential - Denver, CO August 2018 to Present Recruited to lead and manage PMO and product projects.  Accomplishments:    -      Established and Implemented PMO processes, metrics, artifacts, redesign of PMO SharePoint.   -      Smartsheet implementation and administration.  -      Managed Active Directory integration and systems hygiene projects  -      Lead and managed the Back up as a Service implementation program.   IT Project Management Specialist StoneRiver, Inc. - Denver, CO February 2016 to October 2016 Spearheaded the PMO projects, and the implementation of solutions, processes, draft action plans and lead meetings with department executives to review project status and proposed changes. Resolve systems and projects issues, and make recommendations for improvement.  Accomplishments:  ? Restructuring the ERP system (NetSuite) to improve utilization rates, profitability tracking, project metrics, resource planning and provided the first companywide set of management reporting.  ? Implemented the resource management and the project management modules in the ERP system.  ? Managed the SharePoint move to 365 and implemented metadata structures and content management in new the site.  ? Reengineered the software development processes and associated all phases with the required documents and artifacts.  ? Managed the SOC Audit process for hosted applications and participated in internal audits.  ? Manage revenue forecasting vs. actuals for client implementations and the projects’ resource forecasts. Service Integration Management Lead Nissan Motor Corp. - Englewood, CO October 2014 to October 2016 Managed the incident response team, the Service Desk workload, to meet the service Level requirements. Provided technical assistance and guidance on best practices to Service Desk staff and related partners. Preformed audits and reviews to identify process improvement and coaching opportunities. Developed and implemented policies, procedures and process improvement initiatives to improve quality and customer experience.  Accomplishments:  ? Reduced the daily escalation report to zero by changing the existing process and training the support team to handle escalations instead of just specific individuals.  ? Improved the department capacity to handle P1/P2 incidents by enabling the service desk staff to back up the incident response team.  ? Contributed to the incident management improvement process and the knowledge base system. IT Support Analyst Comcast Business - Englewood, CO November 2012 to October 2014 Performed advanced-level network diagnostics to identify and resolve network configuration issues. Collaborated with other business partners and internal departments to resolve complex customer issues with internet and voice services.  Accomplishments:  ? Reviewed support cases for technical and troubleshooting accuracy.  ? Assisted in process refinement to improve customer service and support. IT Project Analyst GoWireless - Denver, CO June 2009 to October 2012 Recruited to manage and direct IT projects, collect specifications, execute gap analysis, improve operational systems, processes and best practices. Tasked with oversight and implementation of variety of ad hoc and technical projects. Provided technical assistance, resolved Software/Hardware and infrastructure issues. Performed requirement elicitation and created requirements documents.  Accomplishments:  ? Managed and implemented the client portal project.  ? Managed the development of the shipping/return and the inventory tracking system to improve efficiency and customer experience. Technical Project Manager Western Union - Englewood, CO October 2005 to April 2009 Provided technical leadership in financial services covering merchant services, Point of Sale, Money Transfer, remittances, money orders and debit transactions. Managed various technical projects, oversaw software/hardware rollouts, and drove multiple business initiatives. Generated reporting and data analysis, supported technical sales and helped senior management with vendor selection.   Accomplishment:  ? Successfully managed the Western Union Kiosk project through completion for money transfer to inmates, in partnership with US Bank, T-SYS and the Department of Correction.  ? Successfully managed the Western Union Kiosk project for money orders through completion in partnership with Flexible Manufacturing Inc.  ? Initiated and manage projects to cut cost: implemented options to allow agent locations to order supplies through the IVR menu which potentially saved +$200k over 5 years.  ? Managed implemented the thin client solution.  ? Wrote functional requirement of the WU FDX-400 machine, managed the changes, the testing and he roll out. Education BS in Computer Science ULT Skills Microsoft Office Suite, SharePoint, Visio, Project, Publisher ,Windows , UNIX , AS400,Progress , Oracle, Visual Basic, FoxPro, C++ ,SQL,HTML, JAVA , Adobe Illustrator ,Photoshop, Lotus Notes , UML, Active Directory, Heat, Remedy, CA Service Desk, ServiceNow, CMS, DameWare, NetSuite OpenAir, Smartsheet, CCNA (in progress), Languages: French (10+ years), estimating, scheduling, Strategic Planning, Customer Service, Cisco, SQL, HTML, Active Directory, IT Management, Outlook, budget, Word, Microsoft Project Additional Information Project Management Professional, Business Analysis, Six Sigma Green Belt , ITIL v3 Foundations