IT Audit Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Audit <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Audit Manager - CAREFIRST BLUECROSS BLUESHIELD Work Experience IT Audit Manager CAREFIRST BLUECROSS BLUESHIELD - Washington, DC 2016 to Present • Plans, directs and oversees a comprehensive program of internal audit services to evaluate the adequacy of internal controls to mitigate business risk, and ensure operational efficiency and cost effectiveness, to include financial, operational, information technology, systems development, and regulatory compliance audit.  • Conducts periodic risk assessment to identify and maintain a relevant audit universe, and to develop, maintain and execute a Master Audit and Assurance Plan.  • Manage IT/SDLC/Financial/Operations audit team, in analyzing and reviewing internal controls and/or management controls for strengths and weaknesses within business operations, infrastructure and security, ensuring that these environments are effectively designed and tested, and have adequate internal controls in place.  • Utilizes statistical sampling and/or computer assisted audit techniques, as appropriate, and ensures that work papers clearly define and detail audit findings to provide assurance that the audited areas/operations are effectively reviewed.  • Utilizes appropriate management/leadership skills for effective audit negotiation, conflict management, delegation, problem solving, coaching, and teamwork development.  • Manages quarterly audit follow-up on internal audit issues/recommendations to Audit & Compliance Audit Committee. Senior IT Audit Lead Consultant ERNST & YOUNG / MITCHELL TITUS, LLC - New York, NY 2012 to 2016 • Participate in and supervise multiple client engagement teams and other related activities.  • Engagements focus on the assessment and/or evaluation of Information Technology ( IT) systems and the mitigation of IT-related business risks.  • Engagements may be either assurance (attestation) and/or risk advisory in nature and vary considerably in size and complexity.  • Responsibilities included leading an audit team, interviewing Information Technology Directors and Managers to gain understanding of processes and identify risk areas, develop audit plan, gather and analyze data, evaluate controls, prepare audit findings and recommendations for senior management. IT Compliance Manager LPL FINANCIAL - Charlotte, NC 2008 to 2012 • Managed and facilitated information technology compliance activities for both internal and external audits. Validated audit remediation in the areas of Data Center, Oracle Databases, Windows and Application Security.  • Works collaboratively with corporate compliance, external and internal audit, and various technical teams in the design and implementation of regulatory and internal compliance practices for IT.  • Recommended improvement changes to strengthen controls in Information Technology areas. IT Compliance Senior Lead TIAA CREF - Charlotte, NC 2005 to 2008 • Led and coordinated ongoing compliance efforts in support of annual financial statement and other compliance audits.  • Documented and evaluated IT control environment (process narratives, flowcharts, and risk/control matrixes).  • Authenticated audit remediation in the areas of Data Center, IT Operations, Oracle Databases, SDLC, Change Management, and Security (AS400, UNIX, and Windows).  • Advised IT management on key Information Technology General Controls. IT SOX Manager BDO SEIDMAN, LLP - New York, NY 2004 to 2005 • Managed IT SOX projects and team members (contractors) responsible for evaluating client's existing IT control structure.  • Developed project plans and managed IT SOX audits for testing various IT controls, processes, and systems.  • Managed and trained IT SOX project team members on methodology, project expectations and deliverables.  • Prepared written reports to management identifying issues and provided recommendations for improvements to the IT SOX control environment. Senior IT Auditor Wells Fargo - Charlotte, NC 2002 to 2004 • Led and managed assigned tasks in support of information systems audits to determine the design and effectiveness of information technology controls.  • Developed audit programs that measured the effectiveness of controls. Prepared automated work papers in accordance with the department standards.  • Prepared audit reports on findings and recommendations; discuss strengths and weaknesses and consulted on effective solutions.  • Prepared and communicated project status reports, budget to actuals, and staff performance. Senior Consultant KPMG - Washington, DC 1999 to 2002 • Led and managed Federal Information Systems Controls Audit Manual (FISCAM) audits and special projects supporting IT control testing for federal agencies. Planned, Designed, and Executed/tested IT Control Objectives, Control Risks, and Control Activities based on FISCAM, OMB Circular A-123, and NIST SP guidance.  • Developed Notice of Findings for clients to report control deficiencies with mitigating or compensating control recommendations thereby allowing agencies to improve security posture for general and application controls. IT Audit Project Lead WILMINGTON TRUST - Wilmington, DE 1995 to 1999 • Managed and led execution of all audit activities in the planning, testing, reporting and wrap up phases are in compliance with the Audit Division's methodology /standards and within the timeframes to support department metrics.  • Collaborated with Financial and/or IT audit team members to plan audit projects.  • Executed testing of controls to assess operational effectiveness in managing risk. Reviewed audit work papers and provide coaching feedback on work prepared by staff auditors. Prepared audit report draft; ensuring that all areas of audit process and results has been addressed. Education Bachelor of Science in Accounting and Information Systems University of Maryland University College December 1995 Skills It Audit, Fisma, Cisa, Cobit, SOX, Hipaa, Auditing, Nist