SENIOR PROJECT MANAGER SENIOR <span class="hl">PROJECT</span> <span class="hl">MANAGER</span> SENIOR PROJECT MANAGER, PMP, PSM, ITIL, CSSG Fort Worth, TX Project Manager offering more than 10 years' success managing a range of cross-functional, diverse, global multi-million dollar IT infrastructure enterprise programs and projects (medium to large sized) at Fortune 500 companies. An experienced leader with a focus on turning strategic intent into actionable plans, driving process and results, and maintaining attention to detail while building relationships across a matrix environment. Skilled in both Agile and Waterfall methodologies. PMP, Scrum, ITIL, and Six Sigma Green Belt credentials. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience SENIOR PROJECT MANAGER BANK OF AMERICA - Richardson, TX April 2017 to Present Accountable for management of critical change initiatives aligned to Network Technology Services which were significant in scope and impact, engagement with business partners to develop, execute and transition plans, ensures success measures are developed to sustain change, drives efficient and effective project management disciplines using bank appropriate tools and techniques, development of communication and risk strategies while reporting status to impacted stakeholders. Projects Includes:  • Network Automation Project ($50M budget):  ? Scope: Global transformation delivery of Network Services through Automation.  ? Performed management of Core platform build out and stand up of Development Lab.  ? Partnered with Cisco to implement integrations with key bank systems and processes required to drive automation.  ? Established structure with Engineering and Scrum Team; and assisted PMO team with Agile Methodology and optimization for the CTO change team and IPA program.  ? Developed and executed risk strategies to address gaps within project and Sprint teams.  ? Recognized by Executive Sponsors for delivering Development Lab ahead of schedule.  ? Core platform build out allows automatic access to bank's data to drive automation.  ? Development Lab is needed for Functional, UAT, and SIT testing.  ? Development of automation program is anticipated to save $200 million.    • GRID Compute / DWDM Implementation:  ? Scope: GRID Compute and DWDM Implementations  ? Performed management of GRID Computing and DWDM Implementations that provided bank a distributed system network and high capacity bandwidth across there optic fiber network.  ? Developed and executed risk strategies to deliver projects on schedule and within budget.  ? Led and motivated diverse project team (Engineering, Data Center, and Vendor) in planning and execution of project deliverables.  ? Recognized by Executive Sponsors and Line of Business for outstanding project results. FULL TIME COLLEGE STUDENT WESTERN GOVERNOR'S UNIVERSITY - Austin, TX 2016 to 2017 • Full time student dedicated to the completion remaining credits towards Undergraduate's degree.   • Successfully earned Bachelor of Science Degree in Business Administration, March 2017. SENIOR IT PROJECT MANAGER NOVARTIS - Fort Worth, TX 2015 to 2016 Served as Senior IT Project Manager at Novartis in the Network Connectivity Department. Accountable for providing end to end program/ project management to assigned network initiatives across WAN, LAN, IPT, Security, Voice, and Compliance, and Cross Services towers. Project included:  • Secure LAN Services Management Transition from BT to Novartis ($9M Savings)  ? Project Managed take back of engineering and tools for 471 sites across AMERICA, EMEA, and APAC regions which included Access Management, Configuration Management, Incident Management, Demand Management, Event Release & Deployment, Request Fulfillment, Problem Management, Supplier Management, Device Onboarding, Service Request Management, Knowledge Transfer, and Firewall implementation.  ? Developed and managed project plans, charter, and schedule.  ? Facilitated Knowledge Transfer, managed vendor relationship maximizing transition success.  ? Partnered with Novartis business teams to plan, coordinate, and develop communication plans.  ? Developed and execute risk strategies, resulting in successful transition.  • Program Managed Global $45M IT Infrastructure Spend Reduction  ? Program Managed Global $45M IT Spend Reduction program which consisted of 45 projects spread across (7) IT Towers. Oversaw project execution, reported program results to IT Senior Executive, developed KPI metric dashboard, and developed and executed risk strategies to manage competing initiatives.  ? Achieved $36M annualized savings within 18 month period. Initiatives included:  ? LAN: LAN Contract renegotiations with vendor and termination of SAPman service resulted in $9M annualized savings.  ? WAN: Execution of Ethernet Replacements, Port/access reductions, DNS/IPAM Tier reductions, MPLS to DMVPN upgrades, Colocation of BT Network PoPs, implementation of NNIs, and Ipanema upgrades resulted in $7M annualized savings.  ? Video Conferencing: Cost Reduction in Video End Points and Movement of Halo Service off Dedicated NW resulted in $300K annualized savings.  ? Security: Web Application Firewall (WAF) migration, ISP circuit price reductions, Alcon Proxy takeover, and Remote Access Service (RAS) Harmonization resulted in $4M annualized savings.  ? IPT: Port price reductions, Renegotiation of IPT License Agreement, Maintenance Cost Reduction, implementation of BT One Voice (on/off net), and put into use of SMAC to reduce Contact Centre Volumes resulted in $4M annualized savings.  ? Cross Service: Reduction of cost in terms of service and man day rates for Benchmarking resulted in $11M annualized savings.  ? Compliance: Removed # of audit requirements, reduction in cost for legacy document storage, and revision of approach to GxP flowdown training resulted in $700K annualized savings.    • Global Data Center LOC Consolidation  ? Managed Network consolidation of 500 server rooms into (4) Regional Data Centers across AMERICAS, EMEA, APAC, and JAPAN.  ? Provided LAN and WAN network requirements and costs to country's Project Managers used for budgeting and planning. (LAN Topology, Storage requirements, link speed requirements, circuit requirements, switch requirements, MPLS/DMVPN requirements, bandwidth requirements, and Hardware requirements).  ? Coordinated and managed the execution of required network upgrades that were performed by British Telecom (BT).  ? Developed and executed risk strategies to ensure timely completion. PROJECT MANAGER ALLEARE CONSULTING - Irving, TX 2014 to 2014 Served as Project Manager at Lehigh Hanson, a building materials supplier company in the execution of  $5M Kronos Automation Deployment project. Assisted Senior PM in planning and execution by management  of project budget, schedule, detailed project plans, issues, and risks.  • Tracked and reported UAT, Integration, Unit, Parallel, and System error testing and results to development teams for remediation.  • Managed team's SharePoint site and served as Website Administrator.  • Worked with development, testing, and HR business teams to track testing results.  • Created and performed reporting and analysis for IT Executive: Burndown Chart, Velocity Chart, Heat Maps, Productivity Dashboard and Scatter graphs. PROJECT MANAGER DELL INC - Round Rock, TX 2012 to 2014 Managed and coordinated multiple consulting services implementation projects for external customers spread across various industries (Aerospace, Financial, Education, Energy, and IT). Implementation included variations of hardware and software and project budgets ranged from $500K to $5M.  • Managed engineering resources responsible for implementing services for assigned project engagements.  • Project Included: Data Center Network Remediation, Staff Augmentation, KACE Deployment, Hyper-V Implementation, Application Packaging, Operational Improvement Assessments, Windows 7 Migration, Microsoft 0365 Deployment, VMware and VSphere.  • Also served as onsite Staff Augmentation Project Manager at Corelogic, located in San Mateo, CA responsible for managing the Data Center Network Remediation project.  • Managed scope, resources, budget, and schedules to ensure alignment to SOW and Dell standards.  • Developed and executed risk strategies to ensure on time completion.  • Performed customer invoicing and managed receivables.  Successfully managed customer and partner relationships, resulting in achievement of customer sat rating of 98.5%. PROJECT MANAGER NCR Corporation - Irving, TX 2008 to 2012 • Managed and coordinated multiple POS and ATM hardware implementations for Retail and Financial customers. Managed local and offshore resources, project budget, schedule, and communications. Ordered and tracked hardware delivery. Managed risks and facilitated change management. Created, managed and customized Quick Base applications for internal and external customers. Managed stakeholder and clients relationships. Executed Lean Six Sigma methodology to improve DVD kiosk refurbishment process, resulting in $100K annual savings.  • Project included: Walmart Self-Service & POS Hardware Deployment, Blockbuster DVD Kiosk Refurbishment, ATM Network Conversions, ATM Software & Voice Guidance updates, ATM Bring Lives, Point of Sale Upgrades/ Hardware Installations, and ATM Replacements  • Customers included: Walmart, Meijer, Chase, Jackson Hewitt, Royal Bank of Canada, Cardtronics, Claire's, Education Master's in Information Technology Western Governor's University - Austin, TX April 2017 to Present Bachelor of Science in Business Administration in Business Administration Western Governor's University - Austin, TX 2017 Skills CHANGE MANAGEMENT, DEPLOYMENT, DATA CENTER, REMEDY, ERP, DWDM, MPLS, ROUTER, VMWARE, SHAREPOINT, JIRA, MS PROJECT, KRONOS, MINITAB, FIREWALL, ETHERNET, EDW, MS OFFICE, SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT, VISIO Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) ID: 2308506 2012 to August 2021 Scrum Master - PSM CERTIFICATION FROM SCRUM.ORG 2017 to Present ITIL V3 2016 to Present NOVARTIS ICE BRONZE AND SILVER 2016 to Present CompTIA Project+ 2012 to Present Additional Information AREAS OF EXPERTISE:    • Network Upgrades/Decommissions   • ATM Hardware Deployment  • Point of Sale Hardware Deployment  • MPLS to DMVPN Upgrades  • Kronos Payroll Automation  • Network Upgrades  • DWDM Implementation  • Firewall Implementation  • GRID Compute Implementation  • WAAS / WOS Remediation  • Server Deployments   • Ethernet Replacements / Upgrades  • Network Automation  • LAN Services Transition  • Quick Base Creation / Customization  • AppHost Builds  • Lab Sandbox Delivery  • ATM Network Conversions  • Data Center Remediation/Consolidation  • ATM Bring Lives  • Agile Software Development  • Network HW Refreshes  • VMware Deployment  • Switch / Router/ Circuit Replacement