IT Program Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Program Manager Dacula, GA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Program Manager NCR - Atlanta, GA November 2018 to Present Senior Project Manager-Consultant Worldpay (Tekstream) - Atlanta, GA 2017 to Present Designated as the direct leader for overseeing operation improvement projects within Operations Improvement Program while managing the strategic planning and day-to-day operations of enterprise-wide technology projects and programs within compliance with company policies. Plan, schedule and execute various stages of implementation for projects including project harmony and corporate governance/policy transformation. Managed all aspects of a project plans, project charters, schedules, and daily standups; specialized in designing, developing, and implementing workflow strategies designed to execute process improvements. Act as an escalation point for Technical Project Managers within the program. Collaborates with IT Business Partners, Vendor, and C-level executive on program status. Manage change requests to budget, scope and schedule. Designated responsibilities include participating in daily standups, creating/maintaining burn up and burn down charts, communication, resource tracking, manage risks, and monitor each phase of progress through the project being deemed done.    ? Lead multiple key onboarding and operational functions including resource allocation, scheduling, budget management, vendor relations, document generation, and process and procedure implementation.  ? Develop and maintain operational functionality through streamlining and implementing project management systems throughout projects; enhanced efficiency and effectiveness by overseeing project deployment and assessing technical debt.  ? Provide mentoring and training to project team members and associates: Project Coordinator, Jr. Project Manager, and Project Manager IT Program Manager-Consultant Randstasusa (Aquesst) - Atlanta, GA 2016 to 2017 Served as the direct leader for overseeing eight operating companies within Randstad USA while managing the strategic planning and day-to-day operations of enterprise-wide technology projects and programs within compliance with company policies. Plan, schedule and execute various stages of implementation for projects including project harmony and corporate governance/policy transformation. Managed all aspects of a project plans, project charters, schedules, and daily standups; specialized in designing, developing, and implementing workflow strategies designed to execute process improvements. Act as an escalation point for Technical Project Managers within the program. Collaborates with IT Business Partners, Vendor, and C-level executive on program status. Lead Program Change Board to manage change requests to budget, scope and schedule. Designated responsibilities include participating in daily standups, creating/maintaining burn up and burn down charts, communication, force field analysis, resource tracking, manage risks, and monitor each phase of progress through the project being deemed done.    ? Minimized any all operational, technical risk by executing system testing and quality assurance analysis.; utilized SharePoint and Project Harmony manage process improvement initiatives; implemented varies problem solving tools, project management methodologies, and process improvement techniques to resolve both internally and externally issues.    ? Reduced overall risk of compliance violations by upholding corporate governance and policy transformation; led and facilitated team meetings with key stakeholders, vendors and sponsors to discuss project plan, and process improvements.    ? Spearheaded multiple key onboarding and operational functions including resource allocation, scheduling, budget management, contractor/vendor relations, document generation, process and procedure implementation; instrumental in managing the facilitation of new asset expansion through the development of standard operating procedures and system classifications.    ? Developed and maintained operational functionality through streamlining and implementing project management systems throughout projects; enhanced efficiency and effectiveness by overseeing project deployment and assessing technical debt. Sr. Project Manager/Program Manager Interactive Communication (INCOMM) - Atlanta, GA 2014 to 2016 Responsible for serving as the senior leader and program manager for several new market products launch programs for large merchants. Oversaw the planning, implementation, and execution of a software application program initiative with the revenue earning potential valued at $25-35$million within the Australian and New Zealand markets maximizing brand awareness and B2B sales. Collaborated directly with senior executives and stakeholders to develop and implement principled and effective project management systems and processes in compliance with all PMI standards; communicated product direction, strategy, and weekly project statuses to stakeholders and C-level executives. Acted as a liaison between IT and Business Partners to spearhead all project initiatives; utilized expertise in project management to mentor and train associate project managers and IT interns on standard and advance project management practices.    ? Maximizes overall workflow efficiency and effectiveness through the management and supervision of PCI Compliance Program in collaboration with several internal teams such as application owners, DBA's, and internal security to create and implement a process of changing service account passwords throughout the company, including international partners.    ? Managed the physical gift card replacement activation process; collaborated with various teams (e.g. fulfillment processing, customer service, sales, and transaction teams) to effectively implement remediation process; spearheaded scan load, preauthorization reload transactions to increase market exposure and fraud oversight.    ? Managed two Security Remediation Programs for Apple iTunes Security Initiative; successfully retracted and retained 5 million dollars in potential losses by proactively detecting fraudulent activities. Sr. Project Manager/Program Manager (PMO) Gwinnett County Government - Lawrenceville, GA 2014 to 2014 2014  Served as a catalyst for managing and coordinating multiple assigned projects and identify resources requirements and training needs to proper spearhead projects in compliance with company, state, and federal standards. Oversaw all system development processes, integrated systems and resources to fulfill project requirements based on data and system analysis. Created IT system review schedules, audited and performed acceptance testing for each phase of the project. Identified IT system design alternatives, researched existing IT systems in the marketplace and recommended viable IT solutions. Delivered project presentations, facilitated weekly project status meetings and conferred with CIO and Deputy Directors to understand entire PMO objectives. Directed a small team of project managers and coordinated all vendor and procurement tasks, expectations and timelines. Ensured communications and relationships between clients and project team members. Assisted IT teams with identifying technical approach and requirements; performed system monitoring and analysis, and performance tuning; provided assistance in troubleshooting system hardware, operating, and management systems; escalated application problems to IT Line of Business (LOBS) and/or Vendor.    ? Successfully planned, managed and completed Public Safety IT Application Upgrade projects with a budget of $2.5M; assigned, reviewed and monitored project work to ensure progress is made within expected guidelines and completed on time and within budget.    ? Maintain cost-effectiveness and budgetary goals by analyzing cost reports and developed strategies to minimize cost while continuing to maximize performance.    ? Maximized customer satisfaction and experience by consistently meeting client expectations during and after projects. Project Manager Total Systems Services Inc - Alpharetta, GA 2013 to 2014 Responsible for overseeing the entire project process from start to finish such as database management, communications, quality assurance, and user acceptance testing. Proactively prepared weekly project status reports and created project preliminary estimates for project implementations. Consulted with clients and potential customers, established and planned system requirements and performed project planning. Established, maintained, and cultivated relationships with clients, partners, organizations, vendors, and internal departments.    ? Facilitated major impact meetings and coordinated with multi-teams, in a matrix environment to ensure timely implementation delivery.    ? Reduced risk of project malfunctions and increased client satisfaction by providing solution selection and management consultations to various clients.    ? Consistently performed well under pressure and complex situations; managed multiple projects simultaneously and work effectively with difficult clients by providing relevant solutions and maintained a professional temperament at all times. IT Project Manager Cincinnati Bell Technical Solutions (GE) - Atlanta, GA 2012 to 2013 Managed resources for project team, Infrastructure Architect, Data Architect, Enterprise Data Architect and Web Architects to design and implement desired environment. Gathered and documented customer design requirements and analyzed business application and environment to develop design resolution. Analyzed GE processes, developed project plans, coordinated resources and managed performance. Collaborated with various departments within a PMO matrix. Managed project costs and schedules with project plans. Coordinated infrastructure builds, identified risks and created processes for risk mitigation. Conducted weekly project meetings with business and project teams. Oversaw client transition from solutions implementations to client support. Developed credibility, established rapport and maintained communication with stakeholders at multiple levels.    ? Provided effective design solutions for all GE businesses by coordinating with various resources to create and update project plans; managed all database management activities of project to analysis best practices to complete projects on time.    ? Managed client expectations and project scope and oversaw implementation of tasks within the software development life cycle (SDLC).    ? Instrumental in providing technical solutions to both new and existing clients within various GE businesses. Business Analyst/Product Manager (Consultant) Rainmaker Solutions - Atlanta, GA 2011 to 2011 2011  Instrumental in developing high quality deliverables across all phases from inception through user acceptance testing. Lead in identifying and defining process flows and user interface. Performed in-depth product gap analysis accordance to strategic plans of product initiatives. Headed and maintain the revenue management system to facilitate business operations. Gathered business requirements, created functional specifications and scheduled weekly agile meetings. Managed client expectations and scope, through the creation, prioritization, and management user stories. Served as liaison between IT and business personnel team to maximize productivity. Analyzed and improved process for software development and deployment.    ? Boosted overall productive by performing product enhancements, troubleshooting for defects, and document epics in support tracking system (JIRA).    ? Created, managed and documented training manuals and user guides for internal clients; collaborated with support team to provide level 2 product resolution and third-party vendors. Project Manager/Software Implementation Specialist Harland Financial Solutions - Atlanta, GA 2006 to 2011 Responsible for the management and implementation of commercial lending policies. Gathered and evaluated requirements to identify vital system setup information required to implement product(s). Utilized expertise in software implementation and system performance to advised clients how to utilize system more efficiently. Customized commercial product specific to client's request and tested customizations, associated delivery notes and installation steps prior to client delivery. Managed and scheduled project kick off, developed SQL maintenance plans and created SQL commands for troubleshooting. Maintained issue logs of all outstanding issues during project implementation. Documented and reported product enhancements and defects as necessary. Tested troubleshooting commercial product, installed and configured credit bureaus for inquiries and revised project status reports. Conducted weekly project status calls with clients. Managed, created and updated project plans and project documents. Scheduled and oversaw client installations and established partnership with Project Sponsor and Project Manager on the client side. Managed milestones associated with revenue recognition. Scheduled and conducted product training.    ? Managed client transition from implementation to client support and created user stories; created design specifications for resolving issue or temporary functionality request.    ? Installed commercial lending software on client's hardware for immediate use; provided clients with product and industry knowledge during software implementation.    ? Collaborated with client and other Harland Financial Solutions departments to deliver information's to resolve client issues and technicalities; oversaw client implementations of commercial software and resolved daily issues during implementation. Education MBA in Corporate Finance Keller Graduate School of Management Master in Project Management Keller Graduate School of Management Bachelor in Business Administration Mercer University - Tucker, GA Project Management Institute Master's Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) Driver's License Additional Information Dynamic Project Management Professional with over 11 years of recent and relevant experience performing agile, business management, enterprise IT implementation, operations, process improvement. Utilized a combination of analytics and project management methodologies to develop successful organizational process. Instrumental in managing client expectations in regard to budgetary guideline restrictions, risk/issue management and project deliverables.  * Leadership; Supervisory  * Training & Development  * Strategic Leader & Planning  * Process Improvement  * SQL Script Development  * Compliance & Policy Analysis    * Project Resource Scheduling  * SQL Data Analysis  * Project Evaluation Scope  * Change Management  * Program Management  * Staff Management    * Budget Preparation  * User Stories Development  * Software Training  * Project Management  * Risk Management  * Cloud Computing Technologies