IT Config and Deploy and Data Comm Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Config and Deploy and Data Comm <span class="hl">Manager</span> Phoenix, AZ Information Technology business professional with proven leadership and management experience. Detail  oriented leader with reputation for successfully leading and managing technical/professional staff, complex  projects and delivering results on-time and under budget. Proven track record managing cross-functional  resources in a matrixed organization. Work Experience IT Config and Deploy and Data Comm Manager Arizona Department of Transportation August 2017 to Present Configuration and Deployment and Data Communication Manager for ADOT's Information Technology  Department, a multi-modal transportation agency serving one of the fastest growing areas of the country.    Responsibilities include:  ? Oversees the ITG configuration and deployment hardware team in all facets and manages IT  hardware related projects for the agency.  ? Manages $2.5 million annual hardware budget.  ? Provides leadership to supervisors and professional staff. Defines immediate and long term goals, priorities operational plans to ensure team goals are aligned with the goals and priorities of the  organization.  ? Manages medium to large complex projects and provides technical support to operational team.  ? Provides technical guidance to employees, colleagues and/or customers. Identifies required  resources; trains, schedules and monitors resources; leads hiring process; accountable for effective use of resources.  ? Advocates technology changes that provide value and support agency goals; champions a cohesive and consistent approach to improvement in the organization.  ? Makes decisions guided by policies, procedures and business plans.  ? Trains staff on operational procedures and troubleshooting techniques. IT Systems/Network Manager Arizona Department of Transportation - Phoenix, AZ November 2008 to Present Program Manager IT EIS March 2017 to July 2017 Responsibilities include:  ? Implement standard work and establish KPI's for Service Desk, PC/LAN, Server Management, and Configuration/Deployment. Program manager for all projects assigned to these teams. Create  schedules and keep programs and projects on task. Supervisor IT PMO March 2015 to March 2016 Responsibilities include:  ? Management and leadership responsibilities for twelve (12) PMO Project Managers.  ? IT Projects: monitoring and oversight responsibility for all IT projects within the PMO unit.  ? IT Portfolio Management: responsible for processes, methods and tools used by the project  managers. Determined optimal resource assignments and project prioritization to achieve strategic  objectives and customer satisfaction. Program Manager IT EIS March 2014 to March 2015 Responsibilities include:  ? Management and leadership responsibilities for five (5) EIS Project Managers.  ? IT Projects: monitoring and direct responsibility for all IT projects within the EIS Unit IT EIS December 2011 to March 2014 Working Title: IT EIS PC/LAN Manager December 5, 2011 - March 2014  Responsibilities include:  ? PC/LAN Support Operations: planning, leading and managing technical and professional staff who  support the Department's Local Area Network (LAN), Data Communications, Hardware Repair and client IT infrastructure such as desktops, laptops, software, printers, scanners, field servers and  other office peripheral equipment.  ? IT Projects: monitoring and direct responsibility for all IT projects within the PC/LAN Unit.  ? Management responsibilities for forty-three (43) staff members; 8 are direct reports. Senior IT Project Manager Arizona Department of Transportation 2008 to December 2011 Managed the complete lifecycle of many infrastructure projects for ADOT's Information Technology  Department. Utilized processes and methods in the Project Management Body of Knowledge (PMBOK), developed by the Project Management Institute (PMI).    ? Projects: Disaster Recovery / Business Continuity, Server Based Computing, Citrix Deployment (Citrix  Access Gateway, Citrix XenServer, Citrix XenApp), Citrix MVD Enhancements, ESX VMware Expansion, Server P2V Conversion, SAN Expansion and Intelligent Storage Management, Enterprise Vault Pilot,  Backup Infrastructure Upgrades (Symantec Backup Exec), VPN Conversion (IPSEC to SSL), Messaging  Upgrade (Exchange 2007 and Exchange 2010), Network Based Faxing and In-active Employee Data  Archiving.  ? Track project status, vendor management, contract negotiation, project reporting, resource management, cost reporting, schedule development, technical consultation. IT Project Manager Consultant Inter-Tel, A Mitel Company - Phoenix, AZ 2006 to 2008 Information Technology Project Manager for TEKSystems, Inc., one of the world's largest privately held  staffing companies, the third largest in the United States and the sixth largest in the world based on revenue.  Managed the complete lifecycle of many infrastructure projects for Inter-Tel, Inc. (a Mitel Company), a leading  provider of unified IP communication solutions. Utilized processes and methods in the Project Management  Body of Knowledge (PMBOK), developed by the Project Management Institute (PMI).    ? Projects: Email Retention, Messaging Conversion (Lotus Notes to MS Exchange), Messaging Integration  (Inter-Tel / Mitel), Messaging Upgrade (Exchange 2000 to Exchange 2003), Active Directory Migration  (AD), Security Remediation, Legal EDiscovery, Backup Tape Retention, Enterprise Vault suite upgrade, and server upgrades.  ? Track project status, vendor management, contract negotiation, project reporting, resource management, cost reporting, schedule development, technical consultation.    Utilized a proactive management approach to complete the Email Retention Project. Project tasks and milestones including:    ? Managing and coordinating 6 technicians throughout the phased conversion and training of 3,500  users throughout 60 branches to Symantec Enterprise Vault.  ? Developing and implementing policies and procedures approved by the Steering Committee, including CIO.  ? Setting budgets and ensuring phases were completed on time and at or under budget.  ? Leading weekly cross functional project team and branch management meetings.  ? Creating detailed Microsoft Project Plans for all phases of the project.  ? Converting 2,500 Lotus Notes Mailboxes to PST files.  ? Importing 8,544 PST files consuming 2TB to Symantec Enterprise Vault.  ? Developing, testing and implementing "Archive Accelerator" a custom utility for Enterprise Vault.  ? Creating weekly conversion reports and graphs.  ? Installing Symantec Antivirus, Enterprise Vault and Payne Metadata Assistant on 2,000 desktops.  ? Migrating 2,300 mailboxes from Exchange 2000 to 2003. IT Consultant Cynoco Solutions, LLC - Phoenix, AZ 2005 to 2006 Formed a start-up PC management and software distribution company. Set budgets and insured project were  completed on time and at or under budget. Created project proposals including, business justification, ROI, risk assessment, goals and milestones. Managed the complete lifecycle of several technical projects  simultaneously. Managed all IT scheduling and resources. Duties include: technical process  development/implementation/management, technical strategy development, technical content and marketing  tools creation, training, documentation and customer service. Information Technology Manager Cenveo, Inc - Phoenix, AZ 2004 to 2005 Managed 10 person technical services product team for Cenveo, Inc., the nation's third largest graphic  communications company in North America with $2 billion in revenue annually. Responsible for entire support  organization of 3 production facilities, 200 employees with 30 Windows 2000 servers. Leader of the Cenveo  Phoenix Technology Steering Committee. Worked with corporate management, including CIO, to develop and implement long term changes to meet the growing business needs. Completely redesigned and standardized  IT Policies and Procedures to reflect latest best practices. Analyzed and developed comprehensive IT  Security and Electronic Communications Policies. Aggressively drove a number of business changing  technology initiatives including:    ? Implementation of Microsoft Active Directory  ? Implementation of new ERP system Hagen  ? Implementation of Help Desk  ? Upgraded from Microsoft Exchange 5.5 to Microsoft Exchange 2003  ? Complete IP Re-addressing of Network  ? IT Policy Creation    Awarded the Cenveo Employee Excellence Award. Promoted from Technical Project Manager to Information  Technology Manager. Technical Project Manager 2002 to 2004 Subcontracted to manage technical projects for Freescale Semiconductor Inc., one of the world's largest  semiconductor companies with sales of $6 billion annually. Planned, implemented and integrated, information  technology solutions on multiple platforms. Studied business needs in order to develop custom tailored  technology solutions. Successfully managed all phases of many technical projects including:    ? Web Content Management System: Interwoven TeamSite  ? Electronic document workflows, processing and distribution  ? In-house software design  ? CD and DVD design and replication  ? Project Tracking Database design Information Technology Systems Administrator Motorola, Inc - Phoenix, AZ 1998 to 2002 Managed information technology systems for Motorola, Inc., a fortune 100 company with sales of $42 billion  annually. Supported Windows, Macintosh and UNIX desktops and servers. Installed software, performed  routine system backups and maintained 24/7/365 systems availability. Managed the complete lifecycle of technical projects related to the outsourced technical publications department. Trained contractors on various  equipment, software and internal proprietary systems. Insured contractors followed Motorola's processes, policies and procedures. Developed many operational procedures utilizing industry best practices. Reviewed,  analyzed and evaluated project, system, user and management needs. Formulated projects parallel to the overall business strategies. Documented detailed descriptions of user's needs, program functions and steps  required to implement. Education Bachelor of Science in Information Technology Western International University - Phoenix, AZ 2004 Skills Pmbok, Pmi, Product management, Project manager, Change management, Itil, Content management, Exchange, Html, Metadata, Ms project, Visio, Xml, Active directory, Remedy, Citrix, Technology infrastructure, Terminal services, Wan management, Disaster recovery Additional Information Expertise:  ITIL / ITSM Project Management PMI / PMBOK Methodology IT Management  Product Management Risk Management Change Management SLA Management  Contract Negotiation Full Software Lifecycle Professional Services E-Discovery  Cross Functional Teams E-Commerce / Web Functional / Matrix Environments Contract Negotiation  Scope Analysis / Management Quality Control / Testing Client Training & Management Disaster Recovery  Strategic Business Planning Process Improvement Implementation Management Litigation Support  Infrastructure Development Quality Management Waterfall Method Integration Management  Communications Management Agile    Technical Expertise:  Messaging Conversion LAN / WAN Management Payne Metadata Assistant Enterprise Vault  Messaging Archiving Desktop Management HTML / XML / Metadata Discovery Accelerator  MS Exchange Content Management Imaging / Replication HP Service Desk  Lotus Notes Telecom Management MS SQL Server Reporting Services SDLC  Active Directory Website Development Wintel Systems / Servers Remedy  MS Project MS Visio Unix / VMS / Linux MS Office Suite  Citrix/SBC/AWS MS Terminal Services PC/Hardware Refreshes IP Conversion  Cloud ConversionVPN Conversion  ? 20 years experience in the Information Technology Infrastructure Services field.  ? Experienced IT Manager with responsibilities for up forty-three (43) staff members; 8 direct reports.  ? Seasoned Project Manager / 15 years experience managing and directing small to large-scale projects.  ? Led multi-disciplinary project teams of 2 - 15 personnel with project budgets up to $7 Million.