IT Project Manager/ Business Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>/ Business Analyst IT Project Manager/ Business Analyst - Veritiv Corp Saint Lawrence, PA Certified Project Manager with IT project management successes. Possesses knowledge of planning, procurement, risk management, earn value management, and scheduling. Exceptional ability to build productive relationships, resolve complex issues, and manage project resources. Excels in the fields of management, IT, communication, customer service, confidentiality and client loyally. Exercises high integrity, ethical fortitude, success working without supervision, and use of discretion while handling sensitive or technical documents. Seeks advancement opportunity aligning organizational strategic goals through the management of risks, utilizing communication, and collaboration. Work Experience IT Project Manager/ Business Analyst Veritiv Corp - Exton, PA February 2017 to Present • Responsible for EDI onboarding projects aimed at merging current clients into new EDI legacy system, for Fortune 500 paper and supply company.  • Entrusted with EDI on-boarding projects for highest level clients such as Boeing, Herman Miller, and Grainger, which required strict timeline adherence for completion.  • Hosting meetings to initiate information/ requirements gathering and progress updates  • Collaborating with 3rd party providers like SAP/Ariba, and Oracle Systems Network when integrating clients' transmitting outside company systems, for optimum success  • Compiling and updating stakeholders list guaranteeing constant communication during project  • Tracking progress to confirm project completion is on schedule  • Planning, creating, and testing EDI data mapping for customers  • Reading and interpreting EDI specs to plan best method to ensure successful project completion  • Performing EDI comparison tests to ensure quality of delivered product  • Creating documents with clearly define scope, resources, and requirements for projects  • Producing accurate and timely deliverables in accordance with milestones or dependencies  • Soliciting details from stakeholders to create requirement documentation for new enhancements to existing accounts  • Monitoring systems after deployment to confirm successful implementation of projects prior to closing  • Recording and reporting all issues for lessons learned and postmortem documentation  • Responsible for quarterly SOX compliance review which is performed on all system users  • Utilizing Jira entry system to log projects and track progress  • Upholding all company confidentiality requirements while working with sensitive client data Corporate IT Manager Brenntag - Reading, PA March 2015 to November 2017 • Head of IT corporate support responsible for managing all IT responsibilities  • Project Lead for Corporate based IT projects  • Worked with stakeholders to gather user requirements  • Assessed risk and risk response regarding projects, equipment, and software  • Documented and managed instructional documentation to improve organizational assets  • Authorized contracts  • Communicated with stakeholders to promote a common understanding  • Performed make or buy decisions for budget control  • Documented Lessons Learned and other corporate knowledge for continuous improvement  • Negotiated with vendors to promote a strong healthy networking relationships  • Managed access for 140+ users and 12 regional IT admins  • Worked with Human Resources to introduce new users to network setup  • Led IT administrators utilizing virtual communications  • Utilized Active Directory to manage user profiles  • Maintained security and limiting root cause of system risks  • Used remote support software (Bomgar and Dameware) to assist users  • Tracked and monitored licensing for auditing purposes  • Software deployment and removal  • PXE imaging of computer systems  • Monitored users accounts  • Worked directly with VP of IT IT Support Generalist Grosfillex - Reading, PA February 2011 to March 2015 Preemptively updated computer drivers and software leading to higher efficiency of staff  ? Project Expediter worked directly with IT Manager  ? Assessed risk and risk response regarding projects, equipment, and software  ? Effectively conducted daily EDI troubleshooting, including leading EDI projects for new customers  ? Successfully led project to create CRM database for Sales department, creating ease of information access by 80%  ? Assessed system diagnostics for troubleshooting purposes  ? Used Active Directory to create and maintain user profiles  ? Improved IT/client relations utilizing excellent customer service  ? Maintained security and limiting root cause of system risks  ? Ensured monthly updates and restarts on client-servers for proper functionality increasing staff productivity  ? Documenting Lessons Learned and other corporate knowledge for continuous improvement  ? Effectively removed and replaced computer hardware including Hard Drives, Power Supplies, and cooling systems  ? Imaged hard drives from Symantec Ghost program after drive replacements to improve transition for user  ? Configured Lotus Notes e-mail service for clients  ? Controlled network security by promptly granting and removing user access to system and files  ? Created instructional forms and hyperlinks which increased system knowledge and decreased system errors by 50%  ? Assisted in budgeting decisions regarding software and hardware purchases Guest Service Manager Club Quarters Hotel - Chicago, IL March 2008 to January 2011 • Provided guest with essential data to ensure a comfortable and safe stay  • Calculated invoices for guests ensuring full timely payment at check-out  • Assured credit balances did not exceed designated levels for long-term guest by monitoring accounts  • Conducted informational tours of hotel facilities to stimulate membership and promotion sales  • Fielded and solved issues to guest satisfaction  • Identified opportunities for direct and cross sales of hotel items to increase profits  • Monitored hotel day-to-day operations, including cleaning, restaurant, and valet staff  • Responsible for monitoring tasks of hotel staff (including planning/assigning tasks and monitoring progress)  • Conducted special projects under the instructions of executive staff  • Scheduled staff, organized meetings, and confirmed appointments Education Master of Science in Information Systems Management University of Phoenix Skills Project manager, Edi (6 years), Microsoft Suite (10+ years), Information Technology (8 years), Employee Relations (10+ years), Supervising (4 years), Implementation (8 years) Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) September 2013 to September 2022 Project Management Institute