Senior IT Project Manager / Business Analyst Senior <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> / Business Analyst Senior IT Project Manager / Business Analyst - AbbVie Lincolnwood, IL Diversified project management professional with hands-on experience leveraging technical and software development life cycle IT projects, in a regulated environment. Focus on building consensus around programs and projects to promote an atmosphere of success. Exceeds customer expectations and improves delivery of core business services. Strong decision-making ability and ability to identify practical trade off options linked to goals and objectives. Skilled in FDA regulated project development following structured SDLC global environment. Work Experience Senior IT Project Manager / Business Analyst AbbVie January 2013 to July 2019 • Work closely with development teams, QA teams, and project management teams and contribute to the overall success of the project  • Drives and tracks initiatives around the development and continuous improvement of the IT operational model  • Provide mentoring and guidance to developers  • Identification and management of any risk or issues which may be noted during the project's life span  • Apply formal project management methodologies and reporting practices to ensure timely and effective delivery of technical projects  • Led strategic reviews of existing processes and technologies  • Evaluate the effectiveness and efficiency of existing processes/systems and propose new solutions to enhance current business processes, operations, and information process flows  • -- Successfully led the following projects;  ? SAP ECC6 Backoffice global implementation - 4 Projects $3.2M  ? SAP OER Implementation - $4.5M  ? AWS - Hadoop data lake enterprise implementation - $2.2M  ? Cloudera Data Science rollout  ? AtScale enterprise implementation  ? Global Track and Trace program Implementation of SaaS vendor for Track and Trace compliance in Turkey  ? Implementation of over labeling for Track and Trace compliance in Saudi Arabia  ? Pilot implementation for National Drug Control System (SNCM) in Brazil  ? Pilot implementation for of Track and Trace for hospitals in The Netherlands Senior IT Project Manager / Business Analyst Abbott Laboratories January 2011 to January 2013 • Project Management responsibilities include time and resource management, financial planning, scope management, issue and risk management, project execution  • Responsible for data quality within the program, and for working with the various project management leads to improve the quality of data  • Assist with UAT planning; write and review test scripts, manage UAT testers; manage the defect resolution process and participate in testing at times  • Assist business users in the coordination, development and performance of in-depth tests for User Acceptance Testing and other post-implementation support  • Overseeing the performance, health, and budget for projects they manage  • -- Successfully led the following projects;  ? Honeywell POMSnet MES - Implement version update. $2.3M  ? Laboratory Information Management Systems (LIMS)- Multiple CAPA driven projects.  ? SAP Backoffice - PM in support of SAP ECC 6 Program Release 1.  ? TrackWise version upgrade  ? Electronic Lab Notebook - Electronic replacement of written logs in laboratories.  ? Hyperion Enterprise - PM in support of Hyperion Implementation.  ? Empower 2 Implementation Project - Validate and implement the Empower 2 Chromatography Data System (CDS). Test Manager Walgreens July 2009 to December 2010 POS IT Development Team  • Supported development and deployment of a new retail store point of sale system. Director - Strategy and Emerging Technology CVS Caremark 2005 to April 2009 • Led department that provided concept evaluation, process improvement, and program leadership to bring positive change to all aspects of the processing, fulfillment, and distribution.  • Led strategic planning and tactical implementation in support of the following regulatory compliance initiatives:  ? Medicare Part D prescription drug benefit program.  ? ePedigree Serialization actualization planning.  ? Implemented ePedigree compliance to comply with Florida regulations. CVS Caremark 1995 to April 2009 Manager - Operations CVS Caremark 1999 to 2005 • Led the identification of automated solutions to improve productivity, streamline processes, improve quality, and reduce process time.  • Led department of 15 that provided IT application in support of fulfillment and logistics in excess of 65 Million prescriptions annually.  • Developed testing plans and procedures for unit test, system test, and acceptance test. Project Manager / Senior IT Programmer Analyst CVS Caremark 1995 to 1999 • Lead for the support and enhancements of shipping logistics, fulfillment, and batch credit card processing applications.  • Application Administrator of dispensing production systems.  • Adherence to Managed Projects with respect to System Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and common carrier rules and regulations Education Music Education Roosevelt University - Chicago, IL Skills Requisite pro, Rup, Crm, Erp, Peoplesoft, Sap, Data mining, Db2, Hadoop, Hana, .net, C++, Hadoop, Html, Pvcs, Visio, Visual basic, Visual c++, Visual sourcesafe, Xml Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/markbloomdynamic Additional Information CORE COMPETENCIES    • Project Management  • CFR Part 11  • Sarbanes Oxley  • ERP  • SDLC and GAMP deliverables  • FMEA  • CAPA  • Leadership & Mentoring  • Change Management  • Risk Management  • CRM    • Business Analysis  • Requirements Gathering & Analysis  • Requirements Tools  • User Acceptance Testing (UAT)  • Software Validation  • Testing Management  • Enterprise Implementations  • KPI Dashboards & Scorecards  • Data Mining & Analytics  • Risk Management  • BI, ERP & Big Data Platforms  • SAP/SAS Solutions    TECHNICAL SKILLS    Database: SQL Server, DB2, Oracle, Hadoop, Unix  Operating systems: Windows (95, 98, 2000, XP, Vista, NT), Internet, UNIX, MVS/TSO  Software: SAP ECC, SAP HANA, Quality Center, AtScale, Microsoft Project, Rational Tools (Requisite Pro, Rose, Clear Quest, Clear Case, RUP, etc.), MS Office Suite (Word, Excel, Visio, PowerPoint), Visual SourceSafe, PVCS, Crystal Reports, PeopleSoft, Lotus Notes, Adobe  Languages: HTML, Java, C++, SQL, Visual Basic, Visual C++, .Net, XML  Testing Tools: HP Quality Center, Compare-X  Other: Jira, AGILE, SharePoint Administrator, FDA Regulations, Defect Management, ServiceNow, Planview Innotas, ISO