Director IT Infrastructure (Technical Services & Operations) Director <span class="hl">IT</span> Infrastructure (Technical Services &amp; Operations) Director IT Infrastructure (Technical Services & Operations) Katonah, NY Work Experience Director IT Infrastructure (Technical Services & Operations) Loews Corporation 2008 to June 2019 Directed the comprehensive transformation of enterprise operations leveraging thought leadership, influence, decisive leadership, strong business acumen, and analytic insights. Collaborated in crafting and leading inter-  departmental teams in executing IT strategies and tactical business plans to balance $40M+ CAPEX/OPEX budgets.  Served as a trusted business partner, go-to resource, and Change Advisory Board member to facilitate technology  assessments and recommendations. Empowered, mentored, and motivated IT managers and cross-functional teams  to achieve peak performance. Championed emerging technologies, assessed new solutions, and directed the adoption of new solutions.  • Lead an inter-departmental team where we reduced cost by $12.5M and improved efficiencies by re- engineering processes and minimizing the technology hardware footprint by 40% in four data centers.  • Directed the design of a technology migration plan relocating 90% of applications from one data center into two data centers, which was executed by a dedicated team of 50 IT staff members, reducing CAPEX by $10M  in one year.  • Appointed to collaborate with Senior IT Management and direct reports to develop an infrastructure refresh  plan by instituting hyperconverged solutions and smaller storage area networks to consolidate 40 physical  servers to 7, saving $22M.  • Chosen as the lead IT director with ownership of an infrastructure buildout at a colocation facility. With a collaborative and consensus building approach, worked closely with senior IT management and functional  areas to develop a high-performance team which implemented this project successfully and ahead of schedule.    • Established and led the Technical Review Board to analyze infrastructure compatibility related to prospective technology acquisitions and to ensure adherence with business interests, resulting in  architectural alignment across the enterprise.    917.859.0065 andy.zunno@gmail.com White Plains, NY linkedin.com/in/andyzunno  Director IT Infrastructure (Technical Services & Operations) 2008-June 2019  • Created selection and training programs for department, which improved skills and career options for existing staff, improved the quality of new hires, resulting team produced stable function-rich systems.  • Renegotiated hardware and software maintenance contracts to deliver $1M in savings in one year.  • Forged robust partnerships with vendors and consultants which resulted in above average productivity and quality.  • Responsible for the procurement and purchasing of all technology software and hardware.  • Played a major role during a complex transition period after Bulova Watch was acquired by Citizen Watch.  Oversaw every technical aspect of the conversion and the transition of hardware, software, Microsoft  licenses, network and Active Directory dismantling. This acquisition was a success due to uniting employees from three different organizations into a cohesive team. Loews Corporation 1988 to June 2019 A $16B diversified Fortune 250 holding company with subsidiaries that include CNA Financial, Diamond Offshore  Drilling, Boardwalk Pipelines, Loews Hotels and Consolidated Container. Assistant Director IT Infrastructure Loews Corporation 2005 to 2008 Instituted operational excellence through corrective actions, streamlined processes, maximized efficiency, optimized  productivity, training opportunities, and employee engagement.  • Introduced server virtualization technology and created a highly effective team of 15 who virtualized 95% of the physical environment by reducing the number of physical servers from 400 to 60. This created more  efficient IT processes, enabling less downtime, fewer outages, and faster backup and recovery. A  CAPEX/OPEX savings of $2.5M over two years.  • Created the IT Change Advisory Board to evaluate and prevent potential impact of disruptive changes to the infrastructure.  • Chosen to lead from RFP through the implementation of a VoIP solution that lowered the cost by 40% for both local and long-distance services using SIP. This was accomplished through a team of 10 highly  motivated network engineers and outside business partners.    • With a collaborative and consensus building approach, demonstrated instrumental leadership in the design  and construction of a state-of-the-art data center inclusive of infrastructure, generator, network, CRAC  units, UPS units, fire pre-action systems, ATS, and chillers. Worked thoroughly with senior IT management, network engineers, architects, and contractors to complete the construction in two years. Manager IT Infrastructure Loews Corporation 2001 to 2005 Surpassed expectations in both leadership expertise and contributions toward supporting, analyzing, and advancing the core systems to better meet the business needs of Loews Corporation, Loews Hotels, and Bulova Watch.  • Constructed a new department, IT Technical Services & Operations, consisting of database analysts, network  engineers, data center engineers and infrastructure architects to reduce support issues, delivering strategic  technologies, and processes to produce stable, mission-critical systems for the business.  • Among the many accomplishments by this team included replacing mainframe applications with three-tier  applications running on IBM Intel based servers, implementing MS SQL server, Windows Server, Active  Directory, Storage Area Network, a state of the art backup system, developing a disaster & recovery plan, replacing an ATM and Token Ring network with a Cisco Ethernet network infrastructure. IT Project Leader Loews Corporation - White Plains, NY 1989 to 2001 Promoted from a Service Desk Analyst to a Systems Analyst and Project Leader for Loews Hotels IT.  • Managed a staff of 10 at the New York office and 20 Hotel IT managers located in the United States and Canada within different time zones. All systems were not centralized.  • This high-performance team installed and upgraded the following types of systems for 20 hotels: Property  Management, Accounting, Point of Sales, Sales & Catering, PBX, Call Accounting, Revenue Management, Local Area Network, and Remote Networks from the home office to each individual hotel.  • Solely authored the Y2K runbook that included over 200 systems at 20 hotels which were required to be  replaced or upgraded to be Y2K compliant. The runbook included each individual hotel, their systems, cost to upgrade or replace them, and the upgrade or replacement implementation plan to be Y2K complaint. The  Y2K runbook and budget were approved by the COO for Loews Hotels. The project was an amazing success.    Corporate IT Project Leader, Hotels IT Project Leader, Senior Analyst, and Service Desk  Analyst at Loews Corporation, Certified Software Trainer and Consultant at Microtek Enterprises, and Associate  Software Editor - School Division at Macmillan Publishing Company. Education Certified Technology Columbia University Bachelor of Science in Business & Music in Fredonia State University of New York (SUNY) Skills Business continuity, Disaster recovery, Cyber security, Change management, Security, Operations, Financial acumen, Vendor management, Procurement, Organizational development, Customer Service, Vmware, Exchange, Strategic Planning, Network Administration Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/andyzunno Additional Information KEY STRENGTHS  Team Leadership & Engagement Cross-Functional Collaboration Strategic Technology Roadmaps  IT Operations Financial Acumen Enterprise Infrastructure Migration/Consolidation Cloud Computing  Business Continuity Disaster Recovery Change Management Organizational Development  Digital Transformation Adaptability Cyber Security Vendor Management Microsoft Licensing Procurement