EPMO/Continual Improvement EPMO/Continual Improvement York, PA Work Experience EPMO/Continual Improvement D&H Distributing - Harrisburg, PA July 2018 to Present EPMO/Continual Improvement  The Continual Improvement Manager is a key player in transforming D&H's three-year strategic vision to actionable results. My role includes working across the organization to evaluate new  ideas, business opportunities, and partnerships while generating internal support, creating and executing on initiative plans, and coordinating operations with shared resources in an accelerated  manner. I work closely with the initiative Executive Sponsors to drive the on-time and target delivery of the strategic initiatives and developing project portfolios.  • Partners with executives in 1) developing/scope new opportunities that fit under the four strategic pillars and 2) driving the execution of highly complex strategic, organizational and operational initiatives including risk management and implementation tactics.  • Influences and coaches' executives and teams by presenting compelling analyses and recommendations that build the business case for new strategic initiatives and the execution of existing initiatives.  • Managing Portfolio, Program and Project resources  • Provides strong leadership, develops and sets individual and team goals, change agent and leader.  • Contribute to full projects /workstream(s) end-to-end that are critical to transformation by creating and promoting process and organizational artifacts.  • Leverage a data-driven approach to turn insights from the team into recommendations.  • Bring process mapping and re-engineering expertise and tools to both internal and external facing Strategic Initiatives (e.g., best practices, approach, templates).  • Update Executive-level presentations summarizing progress, status and risks  • Provide leadership, training and mentorship in the application of Business Process Improvement tools and techniques. Adjunct Faculty - Professor HARRISBURG UNIVERSITY of SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY - Harrisburg, PA 2018 to Present Supporting Planning and Executing Projects courses in the Master of Science Program for Project Management. The Master of Science Program for Project Management at Harrisburg University of Science and Technology offers traditional and agile project management programs that respond to local and global needs using online and face-to-face instructional methods. In support of the mission, the degree program provides innovative academic and experiential learning opportunities that require students to understand, apply, analyze, synthesize, and evaluate projects, teams and leaders in enterprise environments. Senior Program, Portfolio, & Project Manager WEIS MARKETS - Sunbury, PA 2014 to 2018 contract)    Oversee all IT, Quality Assurance, and Product Innovation team project management functions for this $3.2B grocery chain. Evaluate processes and identify areas for improvement. Design new project management initiatives and procedures. Led and managed the Enterprise PMO, Direct full project life cycles, including methodology development, principles, practices, and timelines. Coordinate staff and financial resource allocations. Supervise the PMO team. Develop and administer $35+ budget.    • Saved $200,000 per year and improved dock scheduling and warehouse performance by updating the warehouse management system utilized by 200 employees.  • Drove $250,000 in savings (year 1) and increased inventory accuracy by automating the Managed Freight Services system used by all 165 stores.  • Improved communications more than 50% and eliminated 10% of store errors by instituting a corporate Intranet for training and information sharing.  Dr. Michael Pierorazio •  • Enabled $12M+ in potential sales by providing IT oversight during the acquisition and integration of a competitor.  • Formulated the corporate Project Management, QA, and PMO Services vision.  • Member of the Executive Review Team to calculate and select projects with favorable ROI. Senior IT Project Manager FOOT LOCKER CORPORATION - Camp Hill, PA 2012 to 2014 Directed and established PMO development and training for all retail IT projects for this $10B international company, including warehouse management, ERP, sales analytics, PLC standards, and POS initiatives. Managed the corporate information systems and PMO. Led complete software development life cycles (SDLCs). Trained and supervised a staff of 12. Led special project teams. Administered a $330M budget.  • Increased sales analytics efficiency more than 20% by evaluating sales goals and performance, preparing forecasts, and improving the analytics process.  • Successfully integrated Runners Point Group (200 stores) into Foot Locker operations, representing $254M in new revenues and a strong market share in Germany.  • Deployed a WMoS solution with projected savings of $3M per year. Integrated the system with legacy supply chain convergence, transportation, and business intelligence tools.  • Worked with a consulting team to conduct a Sarbanes Oxley (SOX) review of the corporate data networks and ensure all networks in compliance with security standards. Senior IT Project Manager CIBER - Harrisburg, PA 2011 to 2012 contract)    Contracted to direct the updating of critical systems for the Pennsylvania Dept. of Transportation. Supervised 50 persons and led multiple high-profile projects.  • Implemented communications technology upgrades that increased efficiency 25% and enabled web collaboration, email, instant messaging, and more as part of a $2.5M project.  • Led the development of the organization's Emergency Contact Information database. Senior Project Manager LAUREATE EDUCATION - Baltimore, MD 2010 to 2011 Product Development Group)    Carried project management for this network of 75+ accredited campus-based and online universities worldwide. Supervised a staff of 10. Controlled a $15M budget.  • Established the PMO and created all training materials and courses.  • Designed programs and course work for the Doctoral and Masters' tracks.  • Provide leadership and strategy to the curriculum development, certification, and distance learning teams - including subject matter experts, instructional designers, product developers, writers/editors, technical production and administrative staff.  • Manage the development of curriculum, exams and courses, webinars and conference sessions, thought leadership, etc. to ensure the timely production of high-quality, in-demand, and cost-effective programs.  • Assist in the preparation of the budget for the Curriculum and Learning Programs business unit and drive execution to ensure budget is realized or exceeded.  • Launch curriculum/content across all products.  • Lead initiatives to source and/or develop supporting technology.  • Acquire, develop, and retain the best team. Develop individual performance plans, monitor performance and provide feedback to direct reports regularly communicating with staff to achieve mutual understanding and desired results  • Maintain data privacy in accordance with Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act IT Project Leader VOYAGER TECHNOLOGIES - Longwood, FL 2004 to 2011 contract)  Managed the development and implementation of IT business solutions for a company that enabled the processing of more than $50M in transactions annually for clients. Supervised project teams. Participated in all architecture and design activities. Enabled savings more than $1M by improving efficiency and drove a 4x increase in sales. Controller/HR Manager ICELANDAIR 2004 to 2010 Promoted to oversee all HR and financial operations for this $49M international company with offices in North and South America. Administered a $100M operating budget. Managed all expense accounting, AP/AR, forecasting, GAAP compliance, staffing, training, payroll, benefits administration, variance analysis, month end closings, corporate card program, and more.  • Saved $50,000 per year by automating payroll and benefits functions.  • Achieved $100,000 in annual savings and drove a 200% increase in sales by automating the Icelandair Holiday portion of the business.  • Previously held the positions of Telecommunications Manager, Manager of Distribution, Development, & Pricing, Call Center Manager, and Training Manager.    ADDDITIONAL EXPERIENCE ICELANDAIR - Columbia, MD 1994 to 2010 Education Doctorate in Business Administration Walden University - Baltimore, MD March 2016 to December 2019 MBA in Project Management Specialization Walden University - Minneapolis, MN BS in Business & Accounting University of Phoenix - Phoenix, AZ Skills Budget, Coda, Payroll, Pmo, Rfp, Kronos, Ecommerce, Sharepoint, Erp, Crm, Peoplesoft, Cognos, Sql, Visio, Active directory, Firewalls, Ms office, Video conferencing, Change management, Deployment Additional Information Core Competencies:  IT Operations - Strategic Planning - Budget & Cost Control - Change Management - Project Management - Best Practices - Reengineering - Technology Deployment - Collaboration  Regulatory Compliance - Lean Six Sigma Processes - eCommerce - RFP & RFI- Merger and Acquisitions- PMO Development- Continual Improvement    TECHNICAL SKILLS    MS Office, Project, Visio, Cognos, PeopleSoft, Blackboard, SQL, Kronos, ADP, Active Directory, SharePoint, Lotus Notes, EDI, Appris ERP, various payroll, HR, and WMS systems, distribution systems, ADP suite, Coda, Profits, VPMI, WMoS, LMS, Moodle, CRM, PBX systems, VoIP, unified messaging, video conferencing, firewalls, wifi, Ethernet, servers, SAN, FERPA, and others