Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager Boston, MA • Certified Project Management Professional (PMP) with over 5 years' experience delivering and supporting to achieve project goals.  • Led Project teams to work with vendors to develop requirements, design system specifications to build and implement new software.  • Led Project and technical teams to address and manage stakeholders'/business requirements and Key Risk Indicators (KRIs) to meet compliance and risk goals.  • Managed project procurements including people resources, budget and vendor SOW deliverables ensuring accountability and efficiency.  • Facilitated and coordinated all project meetings ensuring stakeholders are well-informed about project goals, challenges and accomplishments.  • Ensured that all required project artifacts are produced, secured and maintained throughout projects' lifecycle.  • Developed, managed and addressed risks/issues logs ensuring compliance with organizational standards and information security best practices.  • Managed the projects' financial processes, executing budget and financial analysis.  • Managed and controlled Project SharePoint sites and project artifacts including customizing sites into libraries, granting & revoking user accesses in compliance with company policy.  • Enhanced process efficiencies by reviewing process maps and recommending improved business flows, using SharePoint, MS Office and MicroStrategy.  • Planned, directed and coordinated project activities using MS Project, Oracle, Planview to deliver project goals.  • Maintained efficient accountability of project documentations ensuring 100 percent compliance on Project Quality Assessment (PQA).  • Efficient at generating and maintaining organizational reports including process documentation, selection and completion of templates in accordance with information privacy legislation and company policy.  • Successfully managed and maintained project budget report including weekly expenditures and actual spends ensuring efficient resource utilization and accurate project spend.    TECHNICAL & SOFT SKILLS  • Project Management  • Risk Management  • Cybersecurity/Info Assurance  • Project Budget Management  • Financial Analysis  • Advanced Proficiency in MS Office  • MS Project  • Project Management Lifecycle (PMLC)  • Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC)  • Qualys Scanning/ Vulnerability Management  • IT Governance  • Waterfall & Agile methodologies  • MS Outlook/Skype  • SharePoint Management  • Vendor Management  • Meeting Facilitation  • Negotiations  • Team Management  • Data Analysis    PROJECTS MANAGED  • E-Commerce Project  • File Access Remediation Project  • Business Data Access Management.  • Varonis Software Implementation Project  • Cloud Access Security Broker  • Email Authentication Project  • Technical Hardening Standard  • Troux Software Implementation  • Cyber Security (AD Integration, Firewall Deployment, Patching, Pen Test/Vulnerability Remediation etc.  • Intelligent Informatica Cloud Migration Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager Velcro USA Inc - Manchester, NH February 2019 to May 2019 • Managed multiple technical projects in compliance with company policy and methodologies.  • Worked with technical teams to develop technical requirements to deliver multiple Cyber security related projects.  • Worked with Business analysts to develop t business processes to properly managed project budgets and stakeholders' requirements.  • Managed the projects' financial processes, executing budget and financial analysis.  • Prepared a program update dashboard to periodically update stakeholders on program performances using key performance indicators e.g. risks, scope, budget etc.  • Facilitated project meetings and coordinated activities, resources, and follow up on action items ensuring efficient tracking and accountability of project resources.  • Managed and controlled Project SharePoint sites and project artifacts including customizing sites into libraries, granting & revoking of user accesses.  • Compiled and distributed weekly project status report ensuring that sponsors and stakeholders have adequate information about project prog.  • Managed project budget using Planview and Oracle to allocate resources and managed overall cost estimate to deliverables and tasks.  • Established rapport and maintained communication with stakeholders throughout project lifecycle.  • Led project teams through risk management processes and managed the project risks, issues and action items log.  • Led the creation of required project artifacts to obtain project approval, tracking and signoff for all gate checks and ensure project gate checks and quality reviews are passed.  • Managed and controlled Project SharePoint sites and project artifacts including customizing sites into libraries, granting & revoking of user accesses in compliance with Information.  • Privacy Laws and company policy. Sr. IT Project Manager Manulife-John Hancock - Boston, MA July 2015 to December 2018 • Led Project teams to work with vendors to develop requirements, design system specifications to build and implement new software.  • Led Project and technical team to address and manage stakeholders'/business requirements and Key Risk Indicators (KRIs) to meet compliance and risk goals.  • Managed project procurements including people resources, budget and vendor SOW deliverables ensuring accountability and efficiency.  • Facilitated and coordinated all project meetings ensuring stakeholders are well-informed about project goals, challenges and accomplishments.  • Managed the projects' financial processes, executing budget and financial analysis.  • Ensured that all required project artifacts are produced, secured and maintained throughout projects' lifecycle  • Developed, managed and addressed risks/issues logs ensuring compliance with organizational standards and information security best practices. IT Project Coordinator Iron Mountain - Boston, MA October 2014 to June 2015 • Facilitated project meetings and coordinated activities, resources, and follow up on action items ensuring efficient tracking and accountability of project resources.  • Managed and controlled Project SharePoint sites and project artifacts including customizing sites into libraries, granting & revoking of user accesses in compliance with Information Privacy Laws and company policy.  • Managed Project Runbook including Project risks, issues and action items ensuring effective tracking, accountability and resolution.  • Scheduled and facilitated project meetings, activities, resources, and followed up on action items ensuring project deliverables have been accomplished.  • Proficient at using MS Word, Outlook, MS Project, project templates and Excel to complete project documentations and administrative work.  • Managed the projects' financial processes, executing budget and financial analysis.  • Compiled and distributed weekly project status report ensuring that sponsors and stakeholders have adequate information about project progress.  • Assisted Program/ Project Managers in Planning, directing and controlling project.  • activities using MS Project to deliver project deliverables on time and on budget. Logistical Specialist 3rd BN 313th Regiment - Fort Dix, NJ June 2010 to September 2014 • Supervised general supply chain management in support for military missions including work-order management, budgeting, receipts processing, shipping and turn-ins.  • Resolved vendor issues concerning purchasing agreements, contracting and maintaining service level agreements (SLA).  • Planned and directed supply chain management activities with different organizations and department to integrate logistics with business systems and processes.  • Maintained equipment warehouse ensuring consistence supply flows.  • Developed forecasting tools and dashboards to analyze revenue variance, business pipeline and industry trends.  • Maintained accountability of military equipment worth a Million dollars using SAP and Standard Army Maintenance System Enhanced (SAMS-E).  • Managed equipment inventory, maintenance and dispatches ensuring efficient accountability. Info Security Specialist Genzyme - Cambridge, MA July 2011 to August 2013 • Reviewed and documented server/networking issues and schedule system maintenance.  • Documented Disaster Recovery plan and processes and assisted in audit assessment security procedures.  • Monitored central alarm systems for fire, intrusion, duress and responded to all corporate emergency issues in compliance with safety and security standards.  • Performed surveillance of corporate property using cameras and CCTV and take proactive actions to prevent crime  • Supervised physical and technical access control system ensuring that unauthorized entry and network intrusion is prevented. Info Security Specialist Akamai Technologies - Cambridge, MA February 2008 to June 2011 • Monitored and evaluated corporate performance using key security indicators and recommended corrective actions where appropriate to streamline activities ensuring safety, efficiency and security.  • Inspected data management systems, gadgets, structures to identify cause of errors, defects ensuring continuous operation.  • Monitored central alarm systems for fire, intrusion, duress and responded to all corporate emergency issues in compliance with safety and security standards.  • Performed surveillance of corporate property using cameras and CCTV and take proactive actions to prevent crime.  • Supervised physical and technical access control system ensuring that unauthorized entry and network intrusion is prevented. Education Master of Science Northeastern University - Boston, MA September 2019 Master of Science in Project Management Northeastern University - Boston, MA June 2014 Bachelor of Science in Criminal Justice Kaplan University - Fort Lauderdale, FL December 2010 Skills Microsoft Project, Scheduling, budget, Outlook, Word, Customer Service