Owner / IT Program Manager Owner / <span class="hl">IT</span> Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> High Performing IT Infrastructure Program Management Specialist | Delivers Operational Processes & Technology Design New York, NY Well regarded and trusted adviser in IT Infrastructure in the Science, Financial, Publishing and Educational Fields; brings an extensive background in innovation and best approach solutions to drive growth.    David focuses on strategy execution, is Certified as a Six Sigma Green Belt, and is a Certified Project Management Professional; holds a Master of Science from Stevens Institute of Technology and a Bachelor of Science in Environmental Sciences and Resource Management from Lehigh University.    CORE BACKGROUND EXPERTISE:  Stakeholder Management & Best Practices  Cross Collaboration and Motivational Leadership  Workflow Development and Process Documentation   Enterprise Infrastructure Planning  End-to-End Management for Efficiency   Agile and Waterfall Methodologies  Forecasting and Logistics Best Practices  Structured and Scalable Solutions Implementation    Energetic IT Program Manager refines processes and builds robust methodologies to meet integration needs. Top professional showcases a proven ability to work with multiple industries and teams to secure cost saving vendor contracts and supports operational procedures to increase profits and expanding customer loyalty. Highly adept at running multiple projects simultaneously while thriving in fast-paced, deadline driven environments. Effective communicator who can easily relate technical concepts to diverse audiences and influential business leaders. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Owner / IT Program Manager The Lakeview Group - New York, NY 2018 to Present Independent consultant specializing in IT infrastructure programs to deliver strategic and tactical real estate solutions; met KPIs and handled revenue forecasting.     Coordinated $6M technology spend on a relocation with 1200 users and 3 locations; drove efficiency and profit opportunities. IT Program Manager Morgan Stanley - New York, NY 2018 to Present Spearheaded strategy execution and operations analysis as the Business Expansion IT Program Manager for Morgan Stanley in NYC; coordinated technology design, construction and commissioning as part of the Workplace Evolution initiative. Vice President JPMorgan Chase - Jersey City, NJ 2015 to 2018 Delivered an aggressive 6 month build out schedule, handled risk management and expectation and handled the budget management on a $400M per location project.     Worked as the Global Technology Infrastructure Program Manager for various data center build and infrastructure refresh initiatives. IT Program Manager Springer Nature - New York, NY 2014 to 2015 Lead IT Program Manager for Springer Nature’s New York real estate consolidation; defined technology requirements, and served as the liaison between construction, infrastructure and business groups. Principal Consultant/ Project Manager PTS Consulting - New York, NY 2010 to 2015 Improved processes as the Regional lead for project management services, employee development plans, performance and salary reviews; worked with Global COO on revenue and closing processes.    Created an internal project management office to define new workflows and technology enhancements resulting in improved time tracking and an efficient internal invoicing processes. IT Program Manager Morgan Stanley - New York, NY 2012 to 2014 Recognized as the Business Expansion IT Program Manager responsible for technology design,construction and commissioning of 12 office and amenity floors in New York City.  Principal Consultant/ Project Manager CS Technology - New York, NY 2004 to 2010 Played integral role as the Lead for 12 Project Managers; spearheaded the entire team development process including hiring, performance assessment and provided mentorship on career development.     Managed project profitability including billing, invoicing, financing and resource forecasting. IT Program Manager Bank of America - New York, NY 2004 to 2010 Initiated network migration project of 30+ offices from Merrill Lynch to Bank of America.    Managed a 10-month physical and logical integration of Merrill Lynch with Bank of America with fast and furious moves of 3,500+ employees.    IT Program Manager for 3.5-year, $100M+ IT strategy and implementation project for Bank of America Tower, consisting of 1.6 million square-foot across 36 floors accommodating 7500 employees. Director of Trade Floor Client Services CIBC World Markets - New York, NY 2000 to 2004 Led the desktop support teams of 35 technicians supporting 950 clients throughout the United States; liaised between banking and technology management to ensure all enterprise needs were met and oversaw the business technology strategies for IT Help Desk. Project Manager / Hydrogeologist Brown and Caldwell - Mahwah, NJ 1993 to 2000 Acted as Project Manager and Site Lead on various environmental investigations; supervised subcontractors on multiple projects and managed IT services for the Mahwah office. Education M.S. in Information Systems Stevens Institute of Technology - Hoboken, NJ 2004 B.S. in Environmental Sciences & Resource Management Lehigh University - Bethlehem, PA 1993 Skills Change Management, Agile, integration, Visio, Project Management, Microsoft Office, Microsoft Project, Microsoft SharePoint, Customer Service, Kanban, Clarity, Epicor, JIRA, ServiceNow, PPM Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/davidpuentes Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) Six Sigma Green Belt Certification Driver's License Additional Information • Former River Edge Board of Education Member (2008 - 2009)  • Youth Basketball Coach (2013 - 2018)