Independent consultant, Program and Project Management Independent consultant, Program and <span class="hl">Project</span> Management Independent consultant, Program and Project Management - SALAZAR STATEGIC PARTNERS Austin, TX Work Experience Independent consultant, Program and Project Management SALAZAR STATEGIC PARTNERS 2018 to Present Assisting companies and organizations to achieve their strategic goals, improving business processes and decreasing costs, utilizing Project Management Methodologies and processes.  • Successfully completed the full Legacy System's upgrade for Church Mutual Insurance with no unplanned business interruptions and zero post go-live critical issues.  • Completed the Product deployment process improvement for CMD Corporation decreasing the cycle time by 2 months.  • Implemented MFA (Multifactor authentication) and CyberArk security solutions for Church Mutual Insurance Company. IT Manager, Demand Chain and Program/ Project Manager BEMIS COMPANY - Neenah, WI 2013 to 2017 Business Relationship Manager and Project Manager for Sales and Marketing. Provided consulting to engineer sustainable, scalable and quality strategic global solutions. Portfolio Management including financials, resources, status, metrics, and escalation process. Led multiple programs/ projects working with cross-functional teams, communicating to all levels of the Company in technical and non-technical terms. Vendor management, and department budget management. Led cross-functional teams on multiple ERP, CRM, and EDI solutions, using several PM Methodologies including Waterfall and Agile.  ? Company Branding re-design initiative accomplished, aligning the marketing strategies globally and implementing a Web cloud solution to improve the customer experience worldwide, and improving the Company website visits by 600%.  ? Boosted revenue by $10MM+ for 5 years, utilizing SAP PMM (Vendavo) as a global solution for global pricing initiative.  ? Spearheaded electronic commerce redesign initiative to create a single point of contact for customers, providing positive customer experience and increasing customer retention (CRM, and EDI).  ? IT Project Management Methodology definition  ? ERP Deployment leader at 12 US manufacturing locations over 18 months, implementing best practices and created a consistent/predictable process for go-lives.  ? Received Continuous Improvement IT Award for implementing a repeatable process to configure new plants while decreasing cycle time by 75%,  ? Decreased security issues by 90% on system deployments and implemented a clear process for security execution, while standardizing business roles across the organization.  ? Successfully completed the global ERP upgrade initiative, leading a multi-functional team of 100+ resources, creating a stable and repeatable process for future upgrades. IT Manager and Project Manager, Supply Chain - Procurement Systems WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION - Benton Harbor, MI 2007 to 2013 Provided strategic direction for Global IT procurement organization, enabling capabilities to decrease cost and leveraging global company size. Analyzed business strategy and provided IT solutions by providing comprehensive support and consultation regarding system capabilities and enhancements, leveraging internal team and offshore resources globally.  ? Utilized expertise to direct SRM implementation and Manufacturing Procurement (SAP-MM) and Intercompany (SAP-SD), ensuring smooth delivery through dress rehearsals and effective systems landscape architecture.  ? Led a global team of 11 analysts, delivering a global system which standardized engineering and procurement process, slashing commodity risks, and creating $244MM savings within 3 years. IT Project Manager, Finance and Service Systems WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION - Benton Harbor, MI 2006 to 2007 M&A Lead, and Finance leader. Oversaw resources and scope related to project planning, tracking, and issue's resolution. Ensured projects were delivered in a timely manner. Assessed department and global program's needs. Led several North America systems consolidation initiatives.  ? Led project team of 22 IT professionals and 80 staff members to consolidate systems between Maytag and Whirlpool for service parts business, generating savings of 30% in annual operative costs.  ? Ensured timely completion of "Trailing Credit Automation" project through utilization of project management skills and implementation of solution based on data analytics (Business Intelligence).  ? Directed a team of 6 IT professionals to remove obsolete materials, reducing the amount of payment to trade partners and creating $1.5M in annual savings. IT Project Manager, Security lead, IT SOX coordinator WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION - Apodaca, MX 2000 to 2006 Siebel CRM solution Project Manager deploying Call Center, eService, eSales and eBusiness. For B2B and B2C.  ? IT manager for security, change management, communication, and SOX auditing process.  ? IT Infrastructure project manager and technical desktop lead for Mainframe legacy implementations  ? Successfully achieved $MX 5MM yearly savings by centralizing the call center operations for Mexico Education MBA in All Training on Techniques and Tools Universidad Autonoma de Nuevo Leon Bachelor of Science in (BS), Control and Computer Engineering Universidad Autonoma de Nuevo Leon Skills Pmp, Basis, Erp, Sap, Siebel Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/danielsalazar1 Additional Information Areas of Expertise:  Business Relationship Management Business Strategy Cost Reduction Budget Management Project Management PMP and Agile/Scrum Solutions advice and Delivery ERP Systems Issues Management Resource Management Continuous Improvement Team Development Six Sigma Black Belt  SaaS Change Management Fluent Spanish/English and Basic Portuguese    Technical Skills    Cloud: SaaS, Amazon Web Services (AWS) Certified Solution Architect Associate in progress  SAP:  Processes in Procurement SAP, Suppliers Relationship Management (SRM), Sales and Distribution (SD), MM Purchasing, Materials Management, and Finance. Data Warehousing (BW) and Business process simulation (BPS)    eBusiness:  Siebel Scripting with eScript, Siebel Web Based Applications, Siebel eBusiness Essentials, Microsoft Dynamics, Salesforce.    DB & Servers: AS/400 Basis, Oracle data base basic configuration, and DB2, security and performance. 78681