IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Highly Successful IT Project Manager or Director of IT. Currently Looking Aug 18, 2019 Chesapeake, VA I am interested in exploring the opportunity to fill the position of Senior IT Project Manager or Director of IT. I have significant proven experience as an IT Architect and Project Manager, as well as a broad range of software and systems engineering. My current project, for which I'm serving as a Project Manager is coming to an end. I have employed my skills to address complex projects and programs with successful outcomes. The focus of my expertise for the past ten years has been in IT Architecture and Project Management/Team Management. My technology experience is vast over this time frame including all things Java, Oracle databases and SOA middleware technologies, IBM SOA technologies, and approaches to architecture solutions.    I gained significant technology architect knowledge and project management experience concurrently on several large-scale projects. I have also served as an architect on several projects. I have significant experience carrying out multiple responsibilities on projects and I welcome new opportunities to provide improvements for organizations. I have acquired nearly 18+ years of experience in the computer science field including over ten years in the SOA technology spectrum. I am ready for the next opportunity to provide greater influence and success across large-scale enterprise efforts, and I believe this position is in line with my capabilities and experience.    I have managed projects with IT teams as large as 24 technical personnel across four contracted companies working concurrently on a joint solution for a client. I have developed work plans, built resource planning estimates, managed resource consumption, led business and technical discussions across teams of stakeholders and customers, organized staff and distributed work-load responsibilities, contributed to enterprise strategic initiatives with principle corporate leadership along with most other primary responsibilities associated with managing people, projects, resources and time. I have experience assessing large-scale enterprise architectures for multi-national organizations. I have been recognized by senior leadership for my personnel and team management skills. I have a record of staying within budget and identifying creative solutions, working collaboratively with the team to address overruns in work schedules and deliverables, as needed.    I welcome an opportunity to discuss the position as well as my skills and how I can contribute to the success of your organization.    Thank you,    Joshua R. Taylor Work Experience IT Project Manager iSportsman, Inc - Virginia Beach, VA October 2016 to Present Oct 2016 - Present- Transitioned into this position from my previous position in support of emergency fill requirement. Have led all aspects of the reverse engineering of the application, infrastructure maintenance and management, alignment with FedRAMP requirements, continued  administrative support, planning out future iterations of the application, future architecture, planning out major bug fixes, on-going daily, weekly, monthly, and quarterly reporting, etc. IT Director Timitron, Inc - Portsmouth, VA June 2016 to October 2016 June 2016 - Oct 2016- In charge of growing the engineering and IT contract positions for a brand new company. Successfully helped to land a local IT support contract for new type pharmacy that specializes in serving diabetic patients only and an IT Lead position for another small firm, which I transitioned to in order to support the emergency fill that was required at that time. Senior Project Manager for Change Management TeamSoft, Inc - Madison, WI September 2015 to April 2016 in charge of some strategic planning and all tactical level change management engagement in support of a large-scale HR systems upgrades at American Family Insurance affecting all employees and managers corporate wide. Duties included end to end strategic planning for communications, training, and IT delivery related activities, the timely and effective execution of communications and training activities, and the weekly/monthly reporting on the overall engagement to the leading working steering committee and corporate officers. With respect to the IT level engagement my duties included planning and coordinating with IT project leaders concerning key milestone activities, required IT related communications, required IT training initiatives, and corporate special event activities related to final delivery of IT assets. As Change Manager the goal of my duties was to always ensure all employees and managers in the company were well aware of major business process and policy changes happening in concurrence with the IT systems changes and to keep them informed on how to accomplish their duties in the new system once the IT delivery has occurred. Sr. IT Project Manager BCForward, Inc December 2014 to August 2015 for eBusiness Architecture Migration supporting Anthem, Inc. Currently on a short six-month contract with Anthem leading several small eBusiness Migration efforts. Additionally, I have been tasked with formulating a new and improved resource allocations management and reporting strategy for the eBusiness division and develop the project management practices that utilize the new strategy. IT Project Manager/Lead Integration Architect Accenture, LLP February 2011 to November 2014 Served as IT Project Manager on several large-scale projects for fortune 100/500 companies. Example of positions I've held are SOA Governance Lead/ Manager for Freddie Mac, Lead ESB Architect for DuPont, IT Project Manager for the ESB team at AT&T, IT Business Process Manager for Walgreens' Wellhealth Initiative. Additionally, some examples of things I was asked to manage and do are as follows:    • Hire personnel to support the long-term operations and development of the SOA capabilities  • Work with business leaders to build up their knowledge of SOA and the benefits of employing the approach more broadly across the global enterprise  • Develop work allocations and work plans  • Manage finances & forecast spending  • Report monthly on money and workload allocations  • Formulate a better SOA Governance strategy for the entire enterprise  • Analyze the enterprise project management methodology and provide updates to it which would better support SOA oriented concepts  • Identify an improved corporate funding model for SOA based projects.  • Work as the Project Manager leading Accenture's responsibilities with the Enterprise Service Bus (IBM ESB) for the enterprise business capabilities  • Work with the business analysts to develop improved processes  • Be the lead architect providing the final solution in the enterprise service bus  • Plan out and build the SOA layer business services which will interface with a broad range of SAP solutions that have acted as the legacy backbone for much of the current automation  • Conduct testing and configuration management on the deliverable solution  • Lead the operations capacity planning for the final solution  • Conducting an end-to-end Enterprise SOA Health Check assessment Project Lead/Data Architect Rylander Technology Group - Virginia Beach, VA July 2010 to February 2011 Providing technical consultation on a major cyber defense architecture employed to defend Navy networks against attacks. On this project I did the following:  • Work as the project lead for the company  • Establish phase by phase work plan and budgeting  • Maintain project scope and deliverable timelines  • Develop further strategic and technical requirements for the Navy system  • Analyze and document the current system architecture  • Provide periodic updates to DoD leadership on architecture strategy and future planning for adoption of new capabilities in to the enterprise  • Develop architectural models using DoDAF 2.0  • Develop Test Plans and test schedules based on the current and emerging requirements  • Develop the organizational Risk Management Plan for this system at the NCDOC  • Provide ideas for improvement to every aspect of the system SOA/Net-Centric Technology Consultant U.S. Joint Forces Command (USJFCOM) J87 Division August 2005 to July 2010 Joint Data Strategy Implementation Team, providing support in the design, development and implementation of DoD Service-Oriented Architectures (SOA) utilizing a web services-based approach. My main duties evolved around providing consultation to the government in the design and development of Net-Centric/SOA web-services solutions for DoD Communities of Interest (COIs) in conjunction with Net-Centric Enterprise Services (NCES) developed by the Defense Information Systems Agency (DISA) Senior Consultant/SOA Manager Booz Allen Hamilton March 2004 to July 2010 Software Engineer (Java) General Dynamics - A.I.S - Java, VA April 2001 to March 2004 Responsible for design, development, administration, and integration of databases into various software projects and graphical user interface development. Last project included database design, normalization, and interface development into a high-performance software application responsible for signal identification and analysis for the Department of the Navy. Previous projects have included real-time weapon systems interface in Java and system database development for the Navy. Education M.S. in Management Cambridge College 2009 B.S. in Computer Science Park University 2001 B.S. in Social Psychology Park University 1997 Skills architecture (10+ years), database (10+ years), project management (10+ years), Soa (10+ years), testing (10+ years), PMP (8 years), Waterfall (10+ years), SDLC (10+ years), PM (10+ years), Scrum Master (2 years), Information Technology (10+ years), Software Development (10+ years) Military Service Branch: United States Air Force Rank: E4 Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) June 2011 to Present PMP