Senior IT Infrastructure Manager Senior <span class="hl">IT</span> Infrastructure <span class="hl">Manager</span> Little Ferry, NJ INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY PROFESSIONAL  IT professional with history of achieving cost savings and enhancing  system functionality. Track record of tackling and solving tough technical problems. Strong  leader with demonstrated ability to work effectively with individuals at all levels and in all  functional areas. Experience managing full project lifecycle from requirements gathering to  final implementation and troubleshooting.    Highlights of Expertise:  • Project Management • Server Configurations • Network Configurations  • Infrastructure Design • System Integration • Cloud Computing  • Strategy & Execution • Troubleshooting/Resolution • End-user Support Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior IT Infrastructure Manager HLC June 2018 to Present • Planned, implemented and led team for 350,000 sq. ft. Distribution Center Infrastructure Project  • Setup and managed multiple corporate networks (11 locations) across the US and Asia  using VPN, EPLAN, Fiber, Broadband Antenna.  • Solved network issues and determined changes & improvements of infrastructure  • Setup and customize linux-based server & network monitoring/alert system  • Configured SysLog & SIEM system too collect company-wide logs  • Managed Hyper-V virtual machines and backed up using Veeam  • Hands-on experience for Cisco Meraki, SonicWall, pfSense firewalls  • Maintained storage infrastructure, NAS (Synology, Qnap) & SAN (Dell EMC)  • Developed ITIL/ITSM to improve capabilities of IT operation  • Managed and assigned help desk tickets to appropriate technicians  • Updated and verified technical documents Senior IT Manager DigitalSecu 2014 to 2018 • Implemented entire IT infrastructure and provided technical support for  SK Life Science, Inc.  • Developed IT system specifications after evaluating customer's nature of work and  business volume  • Installed and maintained Microsoft Windows Servers and Linux Servers   • Planned, coordinated, and implemented wired/wireless network security measures to protect  data, software, and hardware  • Solved IT issues, Determined changes, recommended quality software and projected  modifications of software, hardware and networking IT Project Manager Inova Research Group - New York, NY 2006 to 2014 • Oversaw project development capabilities involving clients, contractors and consultants.  • Managed multifaceted IT issues for designated system; effectively worked onsite with customers on qualification, configuration and repair.  • Implemented technical installation and support projects for new and existing clients  • Conducted data forensic investigations for security incidents using FTK  • Provided detailed documentation to corporate resulting in reduction resolution time. System Administrator EZNetwork - Hasbrouck Heights, NJ 2005 to 2006 Installed and maintained Windows/Linux Servers and various Microsoft server  product  • Provided high-level system tuning and infrastructure support  • Trained end-users and technical support personnel on optimization and use of equipment  • Established and maintained professional relationships with customers to better  anticipate and satisfy their needs. System & Network Administrator Nexcore - Compton, CA 2003 to 2005 Configured and managed Active Directory, Exchange, SQL, IIS, DHCP, DNS,  WINS, File, and application servers.  • Maintained, upgraded and troubleshot system infrastructure  • Performed preventative and scheduled maintenance  • Investigated various security incidents  • Configured Client servers, Firewalls and workstations  • Resolved customer concerns in a positive manner. Education Computer Science California State University Physics Soongsil University - Seoul, KR Skills ITIL, Service Desk, Active Directory, Windows Server, Linux, Firewall (Cisco Meraki, SonicWall, Netgate, Protectli), Network, MSP, Migration, Data Center Certifications/Licenses MCSE Additional Information Korean Bilingual