Technical Project Manager Technical <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Technical Project Manager - Armanino LLP San Francisco, CA Senior Project Manager with 10+ years of experience in infrastructure, analysis, design, and implementation over 12 countries in technology related projects.Experienced in integrating the legacy systems with new commercial software and hardware.Experienced in Network Infrastructure, Data Centers, Enterprise Applications, and public cloud environments (AWS, GCP). Excelled in SDLC, PMP and Certified Scrum Master (CSM). Solutions-driven professional with a strong background in all aspects of the telecommunications/ IT sector.    PROFILE    • Extensive negotiation experience skills in a client facing environment, managing customer expectations  • Presentations focused on bridging the gap between technical and non-technical personnel  • In-depth knowledge SharePoint, ServiceNow, Citrix, Tableau and Data Privacy framework CCPA, GDPR  • Solid Experience in Cloud with Amazon Web Services (EC2, S3, RDS, CloudWatch, and VPC) and Google Cloud Platform (App Engine, Compute Engine, Storage, and VPC Network)  • Deep technical knowledge in MS Office, Visio, MS Project, MS Team, G Suite, Slack, Jira, Confluence, Aha MySQL  • Skilled in networking concepts: Switches, Routers, LAN, VLAN, TCP/IP, IPv6, SD-WAN, and MPLS protocols Work Experience Technical Project Manager Armanino LLP - San Francisco, CA January 2019 to Present • Create program and project management processes/procedures for the Risk Assurance & Advisory team  • Lead and manage technical development team for clarifying requirements, development, implementation and post deployment support and enhancements  • Perform data privacy/security assessments to help clients identify and evaluate complex business and technology risks in accordance with different frameworks  • Plan client's requirements, define milestones, identify risks, and manage schedules  • Involve in creating interactive dashboards via Tableau  • Partner with dev team to build various data privacy products/apps such Data Mapping inventory, Data Subject Access Request and dashboards and reporting Technical Project Manager Autodesk - San Francisco, CA April 2018 to April 2018 Manage multiple projects such as Wi-Fi, cloud migration, and Data Privacy projects including development of creating and maintaining the work plan, tracking/escalating issues, and creating/presenting weekly status reports. Coordinate internal and external resources, Engineering team, business partner to ensure that projects remain on track within allocated budget.    • Built and developed Business Requirement Document (BRD), implementation plan, and High Level Design(HLD) for automation/integration project between SAP/Ariba and ServiceNow platform.  • Managed Proof of Concept (POC) project to GCP via NetApp Cloud Sync  • Manage day-to-day execution of Wi-Fi implementation. Assist with the planning, tracking, documentation and developing the Business Flow Diagrams and Process Flow.  • Build and sustain collaborative working relationships with various cross functional teams such as engineers, Solution/Enterprise Architects, and developers to deliver products on ServiceNow platform  • Monitor key performance indicators and producing weekly, monthly, and quarterly reporting for executive management on various dashboards such as Wikipage and Tableau Technical Project Manager Esurance - San Francisco, CA January 2018 to April 2018 As a Technical Project Manager was responsible for managing multiple projects while working closely with engineering teams, product management teams, and business teams to lead them towards a launch.    • Migrated several enterprise applications and IT services to MS Azure cloud and AWS cloud.  • Lunched NetScaler SD-WAN between hubs/circuits in several locations and upgrade MPLS circuits  • Upgraded/Refreshed laptops and desktops to Windows10 OS and Office365 for the entire offices in the US(almost 3000 users)  • Managed vendors for upgrading Wi-Fi solution in three branch offices Tampa, Sioux Fall and Sacramento  • Tracked vendors for upgrade Video Conference system to Polycom VC in several branch offices IT Project Manager eBay - San Jose, CA August 2017 to January 2018 Provided leadership and management for various technology projects. Define project execution objectives, dependencies, outcomes, and requirements. Acted as the link between technical teams (composed of programmers, engineers or marketing staff) and upper management. Managed internal and external teams/stakeholders to deliver on time and with the quality required for projects. Prioritized and defined scope to meet target initiative needs in a timely manner given available resources.Identify technical impacts on the organization as they relate to business requirements. Defined and ensure adequate measurements and metrics for programs are current and supportive of decisions and critical path identification/prompt diagnosis.    • Upgraded/Refreshed network equipments/devices for multiple datacenters in US and Europe.  • Launched new products for business process automation for various BU's  • Led & Executed Data Center Migration/Transformation project for racking and stacking servers, switches, and data storage and network equipment.  • Built and developed Business Requirement Document (BRD), implementation plan, project schedule, project budget, dependency mapping, issues & action items log, risks assessment and contingency plan  • Migrated several IT services/application into MS Azure cloud  • Lunched NetScaler SD-WAN as the Proof of Concept (POC) between two hubs and testing features in terms of performance, security and bandwidth efficiency.  • Built out VDI environment via Citrix XenApp/XenDesktop for requested BU's Senior Project Manager Mobilitie - Costa Mesa, CA January 2017 to August 2017 Responsible for the end to end management of large-scale deployment project from permitting, technical design and engineering to site management and integration in North Los Angeles, Los Angeles Metro.Determined the capital resources, equipment, and tools needed to complete the project.    • Managed vendors such as Utility Coordination, A&E, Field Verification, and General Contractors  • Developed written project plans, including master schedule and prepared RFI/RFP/RFQ docs for vendors  • Upgraded process improvement in the product development and delivery process Global Project Manager Kenya(Nairobi) Alcatel-Lucent - San Francisco, CA September 2006 to December 2016 Remote Project Support, San Francisco  • Developed detailed project schedule for project implementation in Africa for IP/MPLS & Wi-Fi projects  • Monitor and resolve issues identified by network monitoring and management tools.  • Managed test engineers in their day to day activities and provided technical guidance to the team  ? Global Project Manager Kenya(Nairobi)  • Expanded Packet-Optical Transport platform in Kenya in 5 cities with 50 sites which have a strong impact to minimize the OPEX cost by 35%, and increased the quality of service(QOS)  • Deployed and Optimized LTE network in Tanzania with 5 sites in trial phase  • Upgraded network infrastructures via SDN architecture in datacenters  • Eliminated unused physical servers by using virtualization which reduced OPEX and CAPEX  • Launched Wi-Fi for Airports, universities and stadiums in Congo, Gabon, Zambia and Niger in total 30 hot spots for capital cities and integrated to WLAN gateway with IP/MPLS servers  ? Wireless Network Engineer/Technical Project Manager Angola, Libya, Romania, UAE  • Managed Operation & Maintenance for LTE/WiMAX network with 170 spots.  • Completed Final Acceptance Certificate (FAC) for deployment of 150 sites  • Designed, audited and test performance LTE/WiMAX network in 170 spots with RNP tool  • Performed Radio Network Optimization for 150 sites including KPI statistics monitoring, performance improvement recommendations, parameter consistency checking, and troubleshooting.  • Accomplished tuning optimization for the WiMAX network in Libya.  • Launched and tested the First Off software application Radio features for WiMAX/LTE in Romania. Accomplished testing advanced radio feature for the WiMAX trial Project in Dubai. Education Master of Science in IT Management Golden Gate University - San Francisco, CA May 2016 Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/alitajfar Certifications/Licenses CSM SAFe