IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager Cologne, MN Work Experience IT Project Manager State of Minnesota July 2016 to July 2019 Managed several Department of Human Services projects utilizing PMI standards, thus, wrote Stakeholder lists, Charters, Scope Statements, Project Plans, Risks, Issues, Lessons Learned, Close Reports and Work Breakdown Structures. Projects had HIPAA data that required proper data security vetting via Software Lifecycle Management documentation. Implemented novel security tools and standards, for example, IBM's MQ AMS and HL7's FHIR. Program Manager, Minnesota Project Management Institute December 2015 to December 2016 Responsible for budget and contracting with PMI speakers, hotels, and restaurants for monthly breakfast and dinner meetings. Wrote Playbook and monthly status reports for Programs. Did presentations for Programs accomplishments. Managed staff of up to thirty volunteers. IT Consultant OPTUM - Eden Prairie, MN May 2014 to January 2016 Managed communication with acquired entities in regards to their vendor's PHI, PII and PCI risks. Documented and escalated risks with the Vendor Management Office and Information Risk Management teams. Also, project manager for Human Resources Wellness benefit's portal onboarding that consisted of managing releases, system and database analysts, testers and more for Fortune 100-500 companies.    • Risk Treatment Owner, Target, Minneapolis, MN. Managed remediation of IT identified risks, such as lack of data encryption, server errors, access control violations, data retention not followed, need of official processes. Considered compliance to PCI-DCC, GLBA and SOX. Utilized strong communication skills and IT knowledge to be strongest performer on the team. Used RSA Archer, ServiceNow, Universe2.    • BA/PM, BCBS, Boston MA. Brought in as 3rd team to work on significant Tumbleweed (secure file transfer tool) upgrade. Standardized approach, such as, implement meeting agendas, meeting minutes, and suggested value to proactively locate data owners. Project Manager ( IT Technical Specialist, PR) Hennepin County - Minneapolis, MN June 2006 to April 2014 • Oversaw General Government applications suite for data center move, Windows and WAS server upgrades, Cisco router change out worked closely with IT Network team, Security, System Architects, business customers and level I & II support.    • Worked as project manager on contract compliance system for Purchasing and Public Works.    • Performed project management for a newly developed level II support group for all General Government applications per ITIL framework. The deliverables for this project was to identify all General Government applications and create documentation to be a level II service provider. Also, it involved retraining COBOL programmers to perform level II support. The documentation created for each of these applications included: application overviews, architecture diagrams, help/service desk guides, test plans, test scripts, decommissioning document and several guidelines.    • Managed the decommissioning of the mainframe payroll personnel and asset tracking systems that resulted in a migration to numerous historical data solutions to include an internet application, Sequel database, 6000 PDF files and more. Managed approximately 10 resources.    • Managed a combined software upgrade project for COBOL and DB2. This effort involved creating and maintaining three project plans, which included assigning 8-12 resources to numerous tasks, such as analysis, testing, programming. Budgeted $350,000 dollars and nearly met the budget.    • Managed replacement of file transfer tools: Advantis, T-1, and JobRunner with Tumbleweed. Wrote new procedures. This was for very important file transfers with several banks and other organizations.    • Managed project plan for the HCMC payroll data conversion from the mainframe to PeopleSoft. ERP Consultant ATK - Edina, MN 2004 to 2006 Implemented Cincom /CODA financial system for Accounts Payable.  • Hutchinson Technology, Hutchinson. Implemented Movex Software for Finance Department. Project Manager (Bus Sys Analyst) Mentor Corporation - Minneapolis, MN 1999 to 2004 Sales $382 Mil).  Responsible for all enterprise computing to include purchasing, engineering, shop floor control, accounting, accounts receivable, accounts payable, warehouse (raw and finished goods), and sales.    • Wrote and enforced security policy which resulted in a secure ERP system.    • Designed and maintained UniData database interface between MS Access and UPS's Foxpro.    • Analyzed, implemented, tested, trained and wrote procedures/policies for a new 8-language, bar code labeling system for surgical product line, which resulted in increased data integrity.    • Implemented several enhancements to the ERP system (ROI Manage 2000), which included business analysis, risk assessment, training and writing procedures/polices. These enhancements include:  ? Automated approximately 30 functions to run at night  ? Established database maintenance plan: repairs and purges  ? Designed automatic calculation of lot expiration  ? Re-engineered system for lot and serial tracing  ? Replaced manual ECO entry with computer module for the PDM Dept    • Validated ERP system that resulted in FDA approval.    • Designed, validated, trained, documented and rolled-out bar-code system in Shipping Warehouse that interfaced with ERP, bar-code software, UPS and Fed-Ex. Resulted in saving approximately 4200 manual transactions monthly, increased data integrity and reduced work hours.    • Modified, verified, validated and trained on a paperless HR training system that resulted in saving 32 hours of manual data entry a week and volumes of paper.    • Initiated Internal Users Group for ERP system, wrote curriculum and users guides. This resulted in more efficient use of the ERP system. Education Master's degree of Cyber Security in Cyber Security American Public University PhD in abd Capella University - Minneapolis, MN Master of Science in Information System Software in Information System Software University of St. Thomas - Saint Paul, MN Bachelor of Arts in Accounting and Business Administration in Accounting and Business Administration Metro State University - Saint Paul, MN computer programming and networking Hennepin Technical College - Eden Prairie, MN