Senior Project Manager Senior <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Senior Project Manager, PMP, CSM Alpharetta, GA Senior Project Manager with over 20 years of experience at medium and large-sized financial institutions and insurance companies, including JP Morgan Chase, Marsh, and MetLife. Responsible for numerous multi-year, multimillion dollar projects utilizing a variety of SDLCs, including Agile (CSM). Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior Project Manager Lincoln Financial - Atlanta, GA August 2018 to Present Merging the Operations and IT aspects Claims and Premium and Billing for the Group Protection merger, incorporating aspects of Liberty Mutual. Senior Project Manager Fiserv - Alpharetta, GA August 2017 to August 2018 Data Center migration and transformation. Senior Project Manager LexisNexis - Alpharetta, GA 2016 to 2017 Senior Project Manager Crawford & Company - Atlanta, GA July 2014 to November 2015 Implemented the PeopleSoft financial application for this claims-focused insuruance company. Senior Project Manager Healthplan Services - Tampa, FL 2013 to 2014 Healthplan Services (HPS) is a third-party administrator for many of the largest insurance carriers.  * Implementing the Go-To-ExchangeSM platform that connects a number of large insurance carriers with the Federal (CMS HIX) and State health care exchanges to market Qualified Health Plans (QHPs) according to the Affordable Care Act (ACA). This includes:  o 834 enrollment and maintenance (including the Change-in-Circumstance maintenance);  o Combined billing (allowing multiple products from different sources on one customer bill);  o Payment reconciliation and tokenization; and o Fulfillment support. Project Manager BBVA Compass - Birmingham, AL 2010 to 2013 BBVA Compass is a large regional bank and a subsidiary of BBVA Spain.  * Implemented the Alnova (Accenture) enterprise-wide platform allowing for real-time processing capabilities, allowing immediate posting of deposits and loan payments for increased efficiencies.  * Led the CMS project (new company-wide intranet) using SharePoint 2010 as a platform.  * Managed multiple web-based interactive projects, including elevate and Mosaic which allowed employees to provide feedback directly to senior management, as well as collaborate across the firm.  * Laid the foundation for the move to Gmail and Google Apps. Project Manager, IT Security CareSource - Dayton, OH 2009 to 2010 CareSource is an Ohio-based managed-care not-for-profit entity.  * Working with the head of Information Security to change the way the business handles data, from changing business processes to implementing a new Data Loss Prevention (DLP) tools and encrypting databases to better protect sensitive data across all departments.  * Managed the General Computing Controls (GCC) review by the external auditors, the State of Ohio Department of Insurance controls review, and the Model Audit Rule (MAR) initiatives (SOX-like requirements for health care insurance entities) and accompanying new internal controls across the organization.  * Implemented Tripwire security software across all financially-significant applications. Project Manager Marsh - New York, NY 2003 to 2008 * Created and implemented a global content management strategy for the intranet, client site (MarshConnect), document management, and global knowledge management strategy utilizing Agile methods.  * Implemented a global intranet in over 75 countries in over 5 languages. Project Manager, Merger JPMorgan Chase - New York, NY 2001 to 2002 JPMorgan Chase is one of the world's largest banks.  * Created new application functionality in the remaining general ledger including the ability to handle multiple currencies that allowed certain legacy systems to be decommissioned, allowing for a $50M/year run-rate savings  * Captured current-state processes and crafted future-state processes and ran scenario analyses, later implementing this change in personnel, processes and procedures, as well as focused on the massive downstream effects of altering financial reference data and related systems. Project Manager, PMO Metlife - New York, NY 2000 to 2000 Metlife is a leading provider of insurance to individuals and institutions.  * Led Program Management Office (PMO) for the Institutional division's web-capability initiative, $50M spend in 2000.  * Led a 10 person team of project managers and project coordinators, bolstering the application development efforts as well as the project management skill set throughout the organization, providing PMO reports directly to the CEO. Project Manager Lehman Brothers - New York, NY 1997 to 2000 Lehman Brothers, New York, NY  Lehman Brothers was a leading global investment bank.  * Led the IT-aspect of the Business Process Reengineering (BPR) effort, focusing on process flow analysis and the creation of new systems capabilities, including straight-through-processing, saving over $75M/year in run-rate costs  * Led Y2K Vendor Management testing globally, with testing centers in Tokyo, London & New York.  * Managed all Y2K interaction with clients and regulatory/compliance authorities. Financial Analyst Electronic Data Systems - Plano, TX 1995 to 1997 Electronic Data Systems (now part of HP) is a large IT services outsourcing firm.  * Managed the financial oversight (over $1B in revenue) of IT outsourcing for the airline and travel reservation clients. Education MSc in Accounting and Finance London School of Economics - London BSBA in Finance Auburn University of Montgomery - Montgomery, AL Skills PMP, CSM, PM, Project Management, Program Management Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) Additional Information PMP - PMI certified project manager