Technical Program Manager Technical Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> Technical Program Manager - Conduent Fremont, CA Work Experience Technical Program Manager Conduent - San Jose, CA 2018 to Present • Led the TNG (The next generation) initiative of standing up two state of art Tier 3 Data center for Conduent business operations at Sandy (UT) & East Windsor (NJ) locations. Managed the infrastructure teams in building capacity footprint & PCI (Payment Card Industry) certification of all Infrastructure technologies.  • Managed the migration of two large Data centers in Tarrytown & Dallas to the new DC's that spanned across more than 4000 servers (Physical, Virtuals, Non x-86 etc) using complex technologies. Formed the PMO that lead the migrations end to end & managed program working closely with business & IT teams. The program was biggest initiative in Conduent & helped reduce the operational IT cost by 10% annually through new Infrastructure. IT Program Manager Cisco Systems - San Jose, CA 2012 to 2018 • Led & Implemented a CISCO company wide GDCP (Global data center protection) program to segregate Non-Prod & Prod Data Centers. This 3 year program migrated 400 Physical DB servers and 2000 virtual App servers including cloud transformations, Lift & Shift, Data & App migrations, Decoms that was voted for Cisco on Cisco success story for ahead of time delivery.  • Led the GIS (Global infrastructure Services) team at CISCO that was responsible for maintaining company data centre implementations and Infrastructure Provisioning's. Hands on experience in Cloud Computing technologies such as PAAS, IAAS, SAAS etc across compute, storage, networking, Database domain.  • Led many process improvements initiatives that resulted in a streamlined IT delivery and reduced yearly infrastructure costs by 18%.  • Implemented & designed Disaster Recovery, & Resiliency capabilities for large Data Center & critical applications.  • Managed ~800TB Customer (C3) database migration project from HP servers to USC blades. This resulted in efficient Infrastructure deployments for the projects across the company and reducing yearly budget costs by 5%. Senior Project Manager Wells Fargo Bank - San Leandro, CA 2010 to 2012 Successfully managed DMD (Data Migration Delivery Team) to lead data migration as part of Wells Fargo & Wachovia merger. The team provide automated data migration services for applications that helped company grew in size, revenue, products by 5% as a result that year. IT Project Manager Hewlett Packard - Houston, TX 2006 to 2010 Managed Data Centre Consolidation (DCC) program for HP to consolidate all existing ~250 global data centers into 6 data centers (3 Primary & 3 Back-up) resulting in optimized design/maintainanence. Led the capacity planning of new DC's that needed to accommodate global DC's. This program helped in reducing IT spend budget by 13%. Technical Lead Agilent Technologies - IN 2002 to 2006 • The project involved development and production support for various customized applications across 'Agilent Technologies' in the domains of DW and Reporting for its HR processes  • Manage an offshore team of twenty L1 Technical Analysts who provide support of 30 applications to 15,000+ users in (US, Europe, Asia-Pac) in Business Object, Brio/Hyperion, DTS, ETL, Bluebook, Informatica, MS SQL and Oracle domain. These applications resulted in enhanced customer relationship management capabilities and increase in customer base by 10% last year  Environment: Informatica, Sysadmiral, HP UNIX, SQL Navigator, SQL Loader, Oracle, Erwin Education MBA in Business Administration Thunderbird School of Global Management Master's in computer science in computer science Thapar Inst Of Eng & Tech Skills Data center, Hipaa, Nas, Networking, Pci, Virtualization, Vlan, Splunk, Migrations, Sox, Database, Oracle, Optimization, Netapp, Capacity planning, Audit, Emc, Performance optimization Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/rohitsingla-pm Additional Information Technical Skill Set  IT Transformations - Database & App migrations, Upgrades, Infrastructure migrations, Cloud transformations.  Compute - Managed Virtualization, Capacity Planning, CPU/Memory analysis, P2V, V2V migrations.  Performance Optimization - Monitoring, I/O throuputs analysis using Splunk, LiveAction, Eracent.  Storage - 3PAR, SWIFTSTACK, NAS, SAN, ATMOS, EMC NetApp  Networking - Managed implementations of Load Balancers, ACL's, VLAN ext, FW Rules, IP Addresses.  DataBase - Oracle upgrades & Migrations  DR Capabilities - Active-Active, MVDC, Data DR, Full DR.  Audit Controls - SOX, PCI, HIPAA, CIP  Data Center - Tier 2 & Tier 3 Build-Outs, DC consolidations.