SENIOR IT PROJECT MANAGER / CLIENT DELIVERY MANAGER SENIOR <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">PROJECT</span> <span class="hl">MANAGER</span> / CLIENT DELIVERY <span class="hl">MANAGER</span> SENIOR PROJECT MANAGER Orange Park, FL Work Experience SENIOR IT PROJECT MANAGER / CLIENT DELIVERY MANAGER GLOBAL TELLINK (GTL) - Remote December 2018 to May 2019 Managed the implementation of the Pinellas County Sheriff's Office (PCSO) Jail Information Management System (JIMS) software  project while ensuring the technology solution was effectively delivered and aligned to the contract seamlessly.  • Managed remote travel team responsible for documenting business processes, requirements workflows and gap analyses.  • Ensured requirements and workflows accurately depicted Offender Management System (OMS) systems.  • Managed project plans, daily Scrum meetings and weekly Team Project Status Meetings to ensure project was on time.  • Managed and tracked Issues, Risks, Dependencies and Change Requests following the established PMO guidelines.  • Responsible for timely client delivery of contracted requirements and workflow documentation based on projected dates. SENIOR IT PROJECT MANAGER FLORIDA BLUE - Jacksonville, FL December 2017 to November 2018 Managed enterprise-wide agile and waterfall projects and project teams for major Healthcare Company that provided Managed  Care services for more than for 4.2 million Medicaid, Medicare and private members.  • Provided project management, communication and coordination in hybrid (agile/scrum/waterfall) environment.  • Managed and tracked Issues, Risks, Dependencies and Change Requests following the established PMO guidelines.  • Managed 12 scrum teams that worked on different sprint timelines and tracked completed work to project roadmap.  • Collaborated with scrum & waterfall teams, development teams, business partner and quality assurance teams.  • Managed diverse Project Status Meetings of Core Team, Scrum Teams used to Identify and track key project milestones.  • Managed the relationship of four 3rd party vendors to include SOW assistance with corporate procurement. SENIOR PROGRAM MANAGER MEDIWARE INFORMATION SYSTEMS - Work at Home November 2014 to November 2017 Managed software implementation projects that generated more than 30M in annual review. Implemented mobile application  platform that provided health and wellness communications for more than 50,000 participants, providers and care managers.  • Client facing implementation manager for multiple states and enterprise-wide desktop & mobile software platform projects.  • Managed and developed team of 22 personnel in varied disciplines (business/technical) in remote environments.  • Managed end-to-end implementation processes and $20M budget based on RFI/RFP/ITN criteria & awards.  • Managed solution design, system configuration, EDI integration mapping/testing activities for new & existing projects.  • Assisted with the scheduling, coordinating, management and communication for software application releases.  • Provided new product to companies based on market analysis, Business Case, ROI, metrics and usability findings.  • Lead product development, testing, mapping, validation, risk assessment and production efficiency for application.  • Assisted sales team in pre-sales presentations and Customer Success team with post-implementation interactions.  • Provided regular and weekly status updates to Senior and Executive management and Steering Committees. PROJECT/PROGRAM MANAGER DEUTSCHE BANK - Jacksonville, FL April 2014 to November 2014 Functioned in a senior strategic role in the design and launch of the company's Jacksonville Center of Excellence for the eDiscovery/e-mail/Messaging and Archiving program including designing governance structure and processes.  • Managed project focused on eDiscovery Operations, global litigation support, program governance and reporting.  • Supervised workflow operations for three junior eDiscovery/Archiving systems associates locally and remote.  • Provided progress reports for executive management, vendors, diverse stakeholders and global offices.  • Created and managed implementation plans, project plans, budgets, project schedules and resource allocations.  • Demonstrated experience using data and digital opportunities to address the eDiscovery needs of the organization.  • Gathered requirements from business and software/hardware developers to implement new CRM system. SENIOR IT PROJECT ANALYST ACOSTA SALES & MARKETING - Jacksonville, FL April 2013 to March 2014 Assisted in the management of enterprise-wide technology initiatives as a member of the Project Management Office.  • Key member of Implementation project team to refresh hardware and software of 15,000 mobile devices for field staff.  • Gathered user requirements from field staff, customer team and provided requirements to development staff.  • Performed GAP and risk analysis of legacy systems, processes and procedures prior to implementing new system.  • Created and managed implementation plans, project plans, budgets, project schedules and resource allocations.  • Responsible for product roadmap, strategy, financial management and service management for mobile software.  • Conducted vendor selection (RFI/RFP) process for current and future technology projects. SENIOR BUSINESS / PROJECT ANALYST KEMPER INSURANCE - Jacksonville, FL July 2012 to February 2013 Supervised a team to implement new enterprise wide Compensation System for major Property & Casualty Insurance Company.  • Established a collaborative work environment with internal business partners, 3rd-party vendors & key stakeholders.  • Managed Quality Assurance functions for user acceptance and regression testing, test scenarios, cases and plans.  • Supervised the development of the software development life cycle, from conception to launch to maintenance.  • Initiated processes to enhance efficiencies and research of Oracle functionality to enhance workflow productivity.  • Collaborated with cross-functional teams (legal, risk, technical, finance, data warehouse, etc.) to implement system.  • Developed functional specs, use cases, design documents, test scripts and feasibility document for implementation.  • Implemented and managed systems backup procedures (Disaster Recovery) for all critical systems. PROJECT MANAGER State of Florida - Tallahassee, FL October 2007 to June 2012 Provided project management of multiple enterprise-wide IT projects including consolidating two data centers and a statewide  Microsoft Outlook 365 implementation project for 117,000 email accounts to achieve approximately $12M in savings.  • Executed a complex data center consolidation, cloud computing and application migration plan for 23 state agencies.  • Provided hands-on assistance with datacenter infrastructure provisioning and equipment deployments.  • Managed re-platform migration execution of 117,000 diverse email applications to Outlook365 for state agencies.  • Conducted an asset management inventory for all devices associated with the data center consolidation move.  • Facilitated, tracked and completed decommission of email applications and migration servers.  • Managed an executive workgroup responsible for developing statewide PC standards that saved the State $9.6M.  • Oversaw the preparation, negotiation and review of IT vendor purchases prior to final contract approval.  • Developed the State's Enterprise Architecture, Technology Reference Model and IT Standards Library.  • Improved PMO efficiency by managing website progress reports in alignment with the five-year strategic plan.  • Maintained PMO processes by developing an IT standards library of PMO policies, processes and templates.  • Contributed to the implementation of a SaaS Project Portfolio Management Software with business ERP integration. Education Bachelor's Degree in Supervision and Management FLORIDA STATE COLLEGE AT JACKSONVILLE 2010 Skills Product management, Rup, Ehr, Enterprise resource planning, Erp, PM, SDLC, Waterfall, Software Development, Information Technology Military Service Branch: Army Service Country: United States Rank: Sergeant July 1984 to December 1990