Consultant Senior Project Manager / Release Manager Consultant Senior <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> / Release <span class="hl">Manager</span> Consultant Senior Project Manager / Release Manager - ERCOT Round Rock, TX Work Experience Consultant Senior Project Manager / Release Manager ERCOT February 2017 to Present • Planned and managed the delivery of significant improvements to ERCOT's Change and Configuration Management systems using AGILE and Waterfall project management methodologies.  • Managed Infrastructure server and application deployments  • Organized stakeholder contributions, planned project resources, estimated effort durations, managed project budget, tracked project milestones and implementation of the deliverables.  • Used Project Management Process framework for initiation, planning, execution, and closing phases of project delivery. Enterprise IT Project Management KTS Business Consulting - Austin, TX August 2012 to Present IT Consultant services to non-profit businesses on IT solutions such as IT services, data center consolidations and infrastructure support (Volunteer). Contract Enterprise IT Technical Project Manager Health and Human Services Commission - Austin, TX July 2016 to December 2016 • Performed highly advanced work, including planning, prioritizing and governing major Enterprise Customer Support Services projects, along with collaborating within HHSC and other Health and Human Services agencies. Ensured standardized project management framework was utilized for all projects.  • Led strategic and tactical project management across agency teams, external vendors and professional services groups. Provided communications and/or publications to develop awareness of activities  • Led the evaluation and implementation of agency programs for quality assurance improvement, efficiency, and effectiveness through review, analysis, planning, and reporting. Made recommendations to resolve issues or improve performance. Communicated with business and program areas on complex problems or complaints. Senior IT Program Manager/Business Analyst Xerox - Austin, TX August 2012 to July 2016 • Led Software Development support through all phases of high-profile technical initiatives, from initial concept through to delivery of final results in full satisfaction of client expectations; maintained accountability for risk management, scheduling, budget compliance, and reporting to key client stakeholders.  • Managed hardware configuration, MSSP software installation and MSSP testing and contract procurement projects. Led QA system integration reviews and managed deliverables. Successfully managed $1.9 million portfolio under planned budget. Identified risks/issues and followed each through to completion and developed RAID log.  • Interviewed customers to understand their business needs. Defined technical and business requirements that match the customer's needs and the Statement of Work (SOW). Defined any requirements requested by the customer that are beyond the SOW. Documented requirements for the customers and stakeholders.  • Led stakeholder requirement revisions and ensured that they could be implemented within the project scope.  • Communicated requirement revisions to the customer and gain buy-in  • Created and maintain requirements templates and other templates or tools associated with the requirements process which include SOWs, RFSs. RFO's and RFI's.  • Managed consolidation of 27 state agency data centers that was reduced to two data centers. Oversaw day-to-day server build, network, and applications in support of state agency IT Infrastructures. Senior IT Operations Manager IBM - Austin, TX September 2009 to August 2012 Disney Account)  • Responsible for designing the software development and infrastructure roadmap and delivery schedule.  • Managed Change, Incident, Problem, Risk and Request Management processes in Florida and California data centers. Traveled to India while managing account business objectives for the India Console and Batch Operations teams.  • Effectively managed the solution and code development process, from inception and sprints through to deployment; facilitated Scrum meetings throughout the process to capture gains in efficiency and productivity.  • Coordinated the training and enforcement of methodologies and best practices to govern requirements analysis, design engineering, agile development, quality assurance, software integration and release, and problem resolution. Improved year-end financial expectations and helped win account profitability. Successfully managed $8 million budget under planned expectations. Senior IT Service Delivery Manager (State of Texas Account) IBM July 2007 to September 2009 • Led the delivery of highly complex Software Development and Infrastructure projects for all state agencies, from initial concept through to delivery of final results in full satisfaction of client expectations; maintained accountability for risk management, scheduling, budget compliance, and reporting to key client stakeholders.  • Developed cost benefit analyses and reported project status to executive management utilizing dashboards that adhered to approved state-defined project governance policies and managed the financial concerns.  • Led cross-functional technical teams that successfully delivered process improvement initiatives for key objectives based on contract initiatives and service-level agreements and best practices. Championed building team relationships and partnerships across organizational lines.  • Led MSSP security technical teams and made sure security policies were implemented across all infrastructure that included provisioning, de-provisioning, quarterly access reviews, maintaining compliance documentation, as well as partnering with IT support towers in developing and implementing security architecture models.  • Identified risks/issues and followed each through to completion and developed RAID log. Interviewed customers to understand their business needs. Defined technical and business requirements that match the customer's needs and the Statement of Work (SOW). Defined any requirements requested by the customer that are beyond the SOW. Documented requirements for the customers and stakeholders. Led stakeholder requirement revisions and ensured that they could be implemented within the project scope.  • Communicated requirement revisions to the customer to gain buy-in and acceptance. Created and maintain requirements templates and other templates or tools associated with the requirements process which include SOWs, RFSs, RFO's and RFI's. Led compliance groups on responding to security audits, which included web-based systems, BI tools, Oracle, DB2 databases, and Hadoop.  • Successfully managed $9 million yearly program portfolio budget. Executive IT Project Management Manager IBM July 2005 to September 2007 • Managed 27 IT Infrastructure Project Managers from ABN AMRO Bank, Discover Financial Services, and American Express Financial Services accounts.  • Designed software development and infrastructure roadmaps and delivery schedules.  • Managed the code development process and deployment; facilitated Daily Scrum meetings throughout the development and delivery process.  • Met $11 million IT services portfolio Account Financial expectations goals by reducing IT services costs.  • Improved Request for New Service workflow, which helped responsiveness to customers' business needs. Exceeded Security Audit expectations by meeting all required security service-level agreements. Senior IT Project Manager IBM November 2003 to September 2005 • Managed e-infrastructure development projects and web-based e-learning courses for IBM's internal customer's projects ahead of schedule within $11 million budget.  • Managed WITS Business Office expectations on improving governance. Managed Andrew File System and Distributed File System teams that supported IBM Brands, chip development, and software product delivery projects.  • Defined Data Security customer requirements, audit readiness, strategic direction and managed server security standards and policies according to IBM standards and processes that ensured Software Engineering Institute Level 2 compliancy. Senior IT Development Manager IBM June 2000 to November 2003 • Managed WebSphere's internal and external dependencies during all phases of the Product Development Lifecycle. Successfully managed $7 million budget.  • Effectively managed the solution and code development process, from inception and releases to deployment; led Daily Scrum meetings throughout the development process.  • Led the OS Platform and software initiative effort for WebSphere and defined software initiatives with the Software Clearing House for all IBM brands.  • Successfully managed product dependency issues. Led problem resolution issues with IBM Brand Development Managers. Coordinated DB2, AIX, MQ Series, JAVA, and WebSphere Security releases with WebSphere product releases. Delivered all WebSphere Product Releases to the market on time. Education Masters in Business Administration Project Management Jones International University - Centennial, CO B.S. in Computer Science Texas Southern University - Houston, TX Skills Sdlc Additional Information Methodologies: Waterfall, Agile, SDLC