PPM/ Project Server Consultant PPM/<span class="hl">Project</span> Server Consultant PPM/ Project Server Consultant and Trainer Fort Worth, TX A unique blend of PMO leader and Microsoft Technology Specialist with extensive experience in portfolio, program and project management with a broad knowledge of All Microsoft SharePoint, Project Online/Server and O365 platforms including Assessments, Implementations, Configurations, Migrations, Training, Custom Reporting and Roadmaps. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience PPM/ Project Server Consultant The PMO Roadmap - Fort Worth, TX August 2012 to Present Overall responsibility for obtaining requirements and managing day to day client , assessments, roadmaps, implementations, configurations, migrations, training and support. Leveraging Microsoft, Agile and PMI best practices for scalable, repeatable client migrations and implementations. Customized training for each client based on their processes, culture and skills leveraging PMI, Agile, Scrum, Lean, RUP and UML best practices. Understanding a global interaction from business ideas to requirements, development, infrastructure scaling and ongoing support within the Microsoft Suite, Jira, Rally and other tools providing a full lifecycle picture of an organization.  • O365, SharePoint/Online, Project Server/Online Assessments, Migrations, Roadmaps, Troubleshooting, Administration and Configurations, Training and Development.  • Working with customers to assess and create implementations that are customized for each department, LOB base on their needs and adoption abilities.  • Creating and providing role-based training in multilingual (4 Languages) media from Organizational Leadership, PMO leadership, Portfolio managers, Project Managers, Resource Managers, Team Members and Administrative Support and Report Developers.  • Developing customized reports, KPIs and dashboards in alignment with the Methodologies for Implementation within Project and Resource Management in Excel Services, Power BI, Performance Point and SRSS for SharePoint/ Project Server 2010-2016 and Online  • Providing end to end, incremental, individual and large group SharePoint, Project Professional, Project Online and Project Server Training  • Providing Demos of SharePoint, Project Server 2010-2016 and Project Online  • Communication, Collaboration and Automation training leveraging O365 suite of tools: MS Teams, SharePoint, PowerApps, Flow, Planner and Power BI PMO Manager Texas Health 2008 to August 2012 Resources  Responsible for managing 15 project managers, providing strategy and training using PMBOK  methodology and Microsoft Project Server and SharePoint. Main focus is on maximizing resource  planning and project ROI.  • Enterprise PMO manages >3M man hours of work and >150 projects.  • Reduction of project meetings by 50% using Microsoft SharePoint collaboration tools  • Significantly increased resource planning efficiency and visibility using Project Server, SRSS,  Excel Services and Performance Point.  • Improved new project manager onboarding by 3 -4 weeks and reduced manager training  involvement using SharePoint wikis and blogs as a knowledgebase  PMO Manager - Texas Health Resources    SharePoint/ Project Server Consultant - Texas Health Resources Advisory Services  In addition to our normal duties THR gives its employees the opportunity to engage in professional services for other companies.  • Volunteered as a business development manager for SharePoint and Project Server services -  accumulating 5000% increased sales o ver all other PMO development managers  • Engaged as solutions architect for Proctor and Gamble campaign and collaboration tool.  Developed custom solution using Microsoft best practices for SharePoint.  • Engaged as solution expert for Targetbase to provide Proj ect Server implementation and best  practices. Providing a roadmap to maximize implementation and gain adoption.  • Engaged as solutions architect for BSI LLC for Project Server 2010 implementation. Provided  functionality overview, implementation and configura tion roadmap using Microsoft Best  Practices. Continue to provide administrator expertise and training. IT Manager Epsilon June 2005 to January 2008 Responsible for managing CitiGroup's "ThankYou" loyalty program with a team of 40 PMs, BSAs, QA and Developers.    • Created the team from project inception to operation support customizing standard processes and training to the team for project management, requirements gathering, quality assurance and communication.  • Supervised Barnes & Noble and multiple external vendors as part of the customer loyalty  application including database management for production and data warehousing, ETL, data file  transfers, client membership, analytics/trending and scoring and campaign management.  • Responsible for client financial reporting, billing, vendor negations and SOW  • Spearheaded the revamping of Citi's loyalty marketing campaign process utilizing Six Sigma  training; reducing the time and effort to deliver campaigns by 75%.  • Proactively provide strategies, recommendations, analysis and insights for evaluation of new  initiatives and new loyalty development for online, direct mail and email channels.  • Managed the transition of Barnes & Noble's data warehouse from previou s vendor; including the importing and data cleansing of previous vendor data into a new, robust system ). IT Project Manager Avidyn Health (Fiserv) 2004 to June 2005 Consulted and provided multiple solutions directly to CIO and stakeholders by managing  current state analysis, GAP analysis and merging budget with company direction for membership administration, technical integration of geographic locations, disease state  management and identification and stratification of members.  • Experienced integration project manager and consultant; successfully integrating three base  acquisitions that provided the foundation for Fiserv's vertical integration of health care  management.  • Veteran PMO skill set balanced implementation of corporate culture foundation of the new IT  department by developing governance, communicating PMBOK methodology while ensuring  strategic visions surrounding the acquisitions were achieved.  • Experienced in coordinating, negotiating and motivating in -house and off-shore resources as well as vendor selection in support of budgets, timeline, project deliverables and corporate  operational infrastructure. IT Project Manager Wellpoint Health Networks October 2000 to January 2004 • Successful, consistent track record for creating applications on-time, within budget and exceeding sponsor and customer satisfaction for www.W ellpointNextRx.com (B2C, B2B).  • Responsible for ensuring HIPAA, URAC, PCI and SB accreditation and certifications.  • Developed project plans, managed deliverables and updated external stakeholders and executive  management.  • Create test plans and troubleshoot Enterpr ise n-tier J2EE/Oracle applications and data  warehouse for identification and stratification of member  • Develop application standards, application architecture, frameworks and guidelines.  • Create business requirements, risk assessments and test plans for new business objectives. Tech Lead/ Consultant Technology Solutions 1995 to May 2000 Consulted and managed various project including infrastructure, application development, business geographical  integrations and technology selections.  • Developed and managed scalable and dependable e-commerce, B2B and B2C applications, data warehouses and infrastructures.  • Managed and held responsible for project planning, risk management, quality assurance, status and strategy. Certified Quality Assurance representative and technician on 6 Navy jets U.S. Navy - Aviation Electronics (E5) 1985 to 1991 2 Marine jets and 2  Marine helicopters.  • Troubleshoot, prioritize and repair mission critical equipment for wartime operations.  • Responsible for maintenance for 70 + aircraft, personnel reviews, training and assignment  delegation for 20+ personnel.  • Decorated Gulf W ar Veteran and Navy Advanced Leadership Program selection.  • Volunteered for extended active duty service. Education Certification in IT Project Management Learning Tree 2001 Purdue University 1993 Military Service Branch: United States Navy Rank: E5 Certifications/Licenses Pmp Present ITIL v3 Present MCTS Present MCSE Present Certified Scrum Master January 2014 to Present