Graduate Student Graduate Student IT Manager / Business Management / MBA Austin, TX Distinguished Information Technology Manager with 10+ years of extensive experience in Program Management, Project Management and People Management. Expertise in managing projects within Information Systems, Telecommunications, and Customer Service with a strong background in finance, strategic application of emerging technologies, and operational leadership – taking companies to next-level growth and driving innovation. Builds clear business cases for new solutions, sets IT governance standards, and builds stakeholder consensus Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Graduate Student Baylor University - Waco, TX 2016 to 2018 Master of Business Administration (MBA) graduate. Studied Business Ethics, Human Resources Management, Quantitative Analysis, Private Equity, Big Data Analytics, Managerial Accounting, Financial Accounting, Economics, Global Strategy, Negotiations, Marketing, Executive Leadership, Business Law, and Operational Management.    • Learned the process of creating viable business cases and evaluating scope, boundary, time, costs and benefits, financial metrics, assumptions, data sources, business impacts and scenario design.  • Constructed dynamic financial models and cash flow statements.  • Developed skills in marketing strategy and market research, planning for competitive advantages, understanding impact of segmentation and targeting, buyer decision making, and customer insights and product development.  • Analyzed best practices in implementing HRM functional areas of HRM Planning, recruitment, performance appraisals, training and development, job analysis and design, compensation and benefits.  • Performed multiple negotiations simulations developing skills in joint gain, leveraging interests and position, understanding collaborative and competitive behaviors, persuasive tactics. IT Operations Manager Kendra Scott Inc - Austin, TX 2015 to 2016 Management role in support of IT strategy and provided organizational support of IOT and networking. Procured companywide hardware and software with over $2.3M budget. Oversight of 10 Support Analysts. Successfully reduced theft loss by 15% through collaborative efforts with legal team in creating a loss prevention policy. Responsible for hiring and disciplinary actions.    • Streamlined department processes by 23% through restructuring IT teams and escalation processes allowing scalability for organizational strategies and growth.  • ·           Created and enforced Standard Operating Procedures (SOP’s), project plans and structured policy and procedures to prevent stop gaps cross multiple departments.  • Developed ad-hoc reporting for executives and key stakeholders to identify reoccurring problematic trends and planned overall change requests to rectify identified issues decreasing time to resolve by 50%.  • Vetted implementation of a new VOIP system for corporate-wide migration and lead efforts for change-out of legacy telecommunications to upgraded High Definition VOIP systems. $500K budget.   • Responsible for talent development and mentoring of 10 analysts, converting 100% of contractors to full-time employee status and promoting analysts to lead positions.  • Planned and coordinated corporate move of 250+ employees to newly built warehouse and corporate offices; Coordinated with vendors for all technology migrations and contract changes to new facilities.  • Assisted in creating Key Performance Indicators (KPI’s) for department and performed quarterly performance reviews. IT Consultant/ Project Manager Bank of America - Austin, TX 2012 to 2015 Performed broad Management and Project Management duties in support of Mortgage Technology & Operational Support for Corporate employees of Bank of America. Oversight of 100+ Analysts.    • Published PowerPoint training decks along with knowledge data base articles for 300+ applications for over 100 help desk analysts AZ, TX, Off-shore Mumbai centers.  • Designed and maintained SharePoint site for department in support of onboarding applications and creating a repository for project documentation.  • Collaborated with multiple departments, project team leads, quality assurance analysts, senior leadership, vendors, developers and extensive IT collaborative groups to ensure proper onboarding and training of +300 enterprise applications. IT Manager Bank of America - Phoenix, AZ 2009 to 2012 • Revamped department training structure cutting costs of down time and introduced innovative methodology for effective new-hire training.  • Led 15 analysts in a call center environment and individually coached team members on personal development for career advancement maintaining 75% employee retention.  • Maintained department SharePoint site to store department documentation and create tracking lists for senior management.  • Prepared ad-hoc reporting and performed data analysis on top issue drivers, discovered coaching opportunities, resulting in a reduction of call volume by 25% continuously improving customer satisfaction month-to-month. Sr. Analyst Bank of America - Phoenix, AZ 2006 to 2009 • Led a support team of 6 analysts supporting hardware and software technology for internal corporate employees.  • Utilized enterprise applications and tools to provide customer support and recorded all issues within the ticketing system.  • Reported all global issues and outages to senior management, developers, interested third parties and used managerial level communication skills in organizational broadcasts. Education MBA - Business Management Baylor University 2016 to 2018 Bachelor's in Business Administration Arizona State University-Tempe 2000 to 2004 Skills Customer Service, Strategic Planning, Network Administration, Training & Development (10+ years), Agile (5 years), Vendor Relations (10+ years), Communications (10+ years), Presentation Skills (10+ years), Presentation Design (10+ years), Policy Development (4 years), Budgeting (4 years), Operations Management (4 years), Analytics (1 year), Client Relationship Management (10+ years), Proposal Writing (4 years), It Service Management (10+ years), Business Analysis (4 years), Business Management (1 year), Network Administration (4 years), Hardware (10+ years), Asset Management (5 years), Google Docs (5 years), Apple (2 years) Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/elyallington