IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager - Kiewit Technology Group Bennington, NE Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager Kiewit Technology Group - Omaha, NE 2015 to Present • Managed IT projects throughout various stages of the project lifecycle.  ? Enhancements to systems including Supplier Resource Management tool to improve Account Assignment limitations.  ? Plant Maintenance materials ordering tools. Including incorporation of French and Spanish languages into the ordering system.  ? Materials Management projects to rewrite the purchasing shopping cart, and simplifying receiving.  • Utilized strong team building and leadership skills to drive projects to completion.  • Collaborated with cross functional teams, specifically Developers, Business Analysts, and Business Process Owners, to deliver quality IT projects within budget and within schedule restraints.  • Built a trusting relationship with project sponsors and other stakeholders.  • Successfully delivered projects according to sponsor and other stakeholder's expectations while managing scope, cost, schedule, quality, and competing interests and priorities. HP Technical Services Customer Program/ Project Manager Hewlett-Packard - Omaha, NE 2010 to 2015 Managed a large nationwide customer server hardware break/fix program. Servers spanned across numerous nationwide data centers. Responsible for managing all aspects of the program including daily operations and owning the communications with the customer to assure quality deliverables as well as performing strategic planning for account growth. Additional responsibilities include building and maintaining strong business relationships with the customer and vendors.  • Engaged with Sales and Delivery teams to translate customer needs into solutions which resulted in increased revenue.  • Experienced in working with all levels of Customer and HP Management and Operations teams.  • Planned quality programs and projects for First Data service solutions through use of requirements and risk analysis.  • Daily monitoring and reporting of program deliverables and quality to Stakeholders  • Effective in issue resolution and implementing corrective and preventive action plans.  • Accountable for project expenses and revenue.  (402)-926-6059 • Jmcastle1@cox.net Education BS in Business Information Systems Bellevue University - Bellevue, NE Certifications/Licenses PMP - Project Management Professional Additional Information Highly motivated, well-organized PMP Certified Professional with over 15 years experience managing large programs and delivering quality products and services. Influence a high level of team, client, and vendor collaboration to achieve business goals and objectives. Lead cross-functional teams using exceptional communication, presentation and interpersonal skills. Progressive experience utilizing Project Management concepts such as managing Scope, Risk, Change, Schedule, Cost, and Quality.