Cisco UC Phone Support Cisco UC Phone Support IT Specialist Asheville, NC Experienced IT Specialist with strong support and project management background.  Skilled in infrastructure support, requirements analysis and technical problem solving. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Cisco UC Phone Support Mission Hospital Regional Medical Center - Asheville, NC June 2019 to Present • Supervise end-user support team  • Assist with transition of phone system with 1500+ from PBX phones to Cisco VOIP infrastructure  • Provide deployment training and assistance to 1K+ end users Systems Administrator / IT Project Manager Allergy Partners - Asheville, NC February 2019 to June 2019 • Analyze current policies and procedures and make notes for improvement  • Work with senior leadership team on implementing and maintaining company self-hosted SharePoint sites and farm of servers  • Plan for transition of remaining 1300 Windows 7 computers in company  • Assist with several company wide audits  • Analyze and improve workflows  • Maintain company Office 365 environment IT Consultant Various - Asheville, NC June 2018 to February 2019 • R James Properties, Inc. - Office 365 Administration, VOIP Support, Website Development  • Waterford Medical Billing, Inc - Office 365 Administration, VOIP support IT Manager/Systems Administrator R. James Properties, Inc. - Atlanta, GA January 2012 to June 2018 · Duties  · Research, design and implement IT solutions for company.   · Manage network infrastructure with dozens of remote sites.  · Oversee vendor and contractor relationships.  · Provide and oversee IT support to users via IT ticketing system.  · Support development of custom business software.  · Supervise IT Assistant  · Experience with cloud environments including AWS and Azure  · Maintain IP Phones and Asterisk based system  · Setup and maintain desktop and laptop computers - Windows, OSX and Chrome OS.  · Support Windows and Linux servers  · Maintain, design and implement large scale camera deployments at multiple locations  · Administer Office 365 environment  · Maintain accounting software and infrastructure  · Write technical documentation  · Manage company software and updates    · Accomplishments  · Develop and deploy wireless camera infrastructure for properties  · Project manager on deployment of Google Fiber for properties  · Implement online payments infrastructure for residents  · Migrate company from G-Suite to Office 365 IT Specialist R. James Properties, Inc. - Atlanta, GA June 2008 to December 2012 Duties  • Setup and maintain desktop and laptop computers.   • Support business software startup   • Provide and oversee IT support to users via IT ticketing system   • Maintain PBX phone system   • Transition company to G-Suite  • Manage companies online presence (Website, Social)    Accomplishments  • Assist with company acquisition, doubling the company's size in 1 year  • Deploy and transition to new server infrastructure  • Provide technical support with company move to new office  • Serve as technical lead in software startup with dozens of customers Education B.S. in Political Science Southern Polytechnic State University - Atlanta, GA June 2003 to June 2008 Skills System Administrator, System Admin, Active Directory, Linux, Vmware, SCCM, Information Technology, Desktop Support, It Specialist, Help Desk Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/sean-hammac Additional Information O/S - Windows (7,8,10) / Windows Server (2008, 2016) / Mac OS X / Linux / Chrome OS / iOS / Android / Virtualization (Hyper -V)  Cloud Experience - Office 365, G-Suite, Azure, AWS   Technical Skills - Enterprise Networking, Websites (HTML 5, Wordpress), IP Phone Systems, Help Desk, Servers, Hardware / Software support  Professional Skills - Project Management, Technical documentation and training, Problem resolution, Critical thinking