Program/ Project Manager Program/<span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Program/ Project Manager - NFG Capital Partners Frisco, TX • Overall 18+ years in Oracle Consulting, Project Delivery & Management experience in ERP/CRM/HRMS /RMS, Web Tools, Custom Applications & Reporting Tools with Technical and Functional expertise.  • Efficient and experienced in effective Resource assignment and Cost Management, by professionally taking care of time, risk and integration management with IT Project Budget analysis, outsourcing strategies of vendor and contract management for all onsite and Offshore Teams.  • Conversant in following Waterfall, Scrum and Agile methodology in Project Management.  • Effectively configured and handled system Transitions and integrations for Cloud Based Technologies (REVEL) for POS, & AWS for Data Storage.  • Experienced in interacting with Technical, Architecture, Database and Infrastructure teams with effective communication and timely Status updates to Senior management  • Successful in rolling out various Application Development Projects Implementations/ Upgrades and enhancements by following AIM and RICE Methodologies.  • Prepared Project Plans and Schedules for SDLC & implemented effective strategies for all Customization/Migration/Integration of data from Web/legacy tools/technologies for intranet and internet based platforms.  • Hands-on experience managing projects and supporting applications with effective tools like Service Now/SharePoint/MS Project, Sales force, Smart Test, Quality Center with Lync and MS-Office and Office 360.  • Effectively presented communications Plan for Budgets/Schedules and Weekly/Monthly Reports to Stakeholders, Steering committee team members & Sr. Management. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Program/ Project Manager NFG Capital Partners - Frisco, TX December 2017 to Present • Managed the Project by scheduling, budgeting configuring the POS systems for Retail Products.  • Work with different Teams and Oversee operational effectiveness by daily review of prior day results by project productivity, roadblocks, metrics and Risk Mitigation  • Vendor Management and 3rd Party Management to oversee the operations Cost/Budget/Schedule.  • Handled Implementation from Start to Finish in Cloud based Application System (Revel) for loading and configuring Item Categories/Taxation/Products/Customers/ & Suppliers information.  • Worked with Finance/Payroll and Supply Chain team to Integrate with System Changes/Transition with Cloud System.  • Responsible to Track project costs and provide variance explanations for monthly reviews and approve resource allocation through Office 360 (Microsoft Tools).  • Work with different Teams and Oversee operational effectiveness by daily review of prior day results by project productivity, roadblocks, metrics and Risk Mitigation  • Worked with Developers/Architects and Testers to define and review the test strategy, Test Plans, and Test Scenarios for testing all different Oracle applications - by prioritizing them through Jira Stories and Functionalities listed out.  • Responsible for Creating, Improving, Developing Business and IT Project Strategy through various Data Analytics Reports from REVEL.  • Identifies opportunities for improvements & innovation of New Application integrated tools to work with SharePoint, Service Now, Oracle/Jira/ALM /Unix and other Tools and Environments. IT Operations/ Project Manager Agraneetech Inc October 2016 to November 2017 • Requirements gathering / solution designing and architectural discussion for Implementing ERP Packages like Oracle CRM/RMS/Finance and HR of Oracle EBS and Fusion based applications.  • Review and Prepare Testing Strategy.  • Test the end to end process Quote to Order and Order to Cash in Oracle ERP.  • Training provided to various Functional Super Users and Trainees.  • Created full-fledged implementation plans, accounting for ROI cost-benefit and other analysis.  • Complete understanding of customer-s tactical goals and effectively participated in the development and implementation of business solutions.  • Generate reports and analyze project status and research information, and monitor project performance to maintain the quality of services, deliverables, and content.  • Effective Collaboration and communication with Cross Functional Teams and leaders to coordinate cross- project initiatives and activities IT Project Manager JCPenney - Plano, TX October 2015 to September 2016 • Management of broader portfolio for Fusion based applications in Solution designing/ Requirements gathering and architectural discussion for Oracle RMS/Finance/CRM and HR.  • Co-ordinate Developers/Architects and Vendors to review and approve the projects test strategy, Test Plans, and Test Scenarios for testing all different Oracle applications  • Participated to evaluate the system, interface, end to end test scenarios & automation scripts for overall Application performance and strategy maintenance.  • Managed Testing Team by prepared Testing Strategy to augment the Test Scripts for testing configurations and Training users. Train users on POS Systems and Inventory Management , Supply Chain and Stocking  • Responsible for all project planning, WBS, status, budget, resource management, risk and issue management, etc.  • Responsible to Track project costs and provide variance explanations for monthly reviews and approve resource allocation using Microsoft Office.  • Work with 3rd party service account leads to lead assignments for incoming work and schedule adjustments and plan communication and Training.  • Identifies opportunities for improvements & innovation of New Application integrated tools to work with SharePoint, Service Now, Oracle/Jira/ALM /Unix and other Tools and Environments.  • Evaluate system, interface, end to end Design to plan and strategize testing activities for RMS and EBS Modules.  • Preparing and Working with Sr.Management team for presenting the Strategies and monthly reports/metrics for Project deliverables. IT Project Manager Michaels Stores Inc - Irving, TX April 2013 to August 2015 • Manage the technical/development team for getting the enhancements/ projects delivered in time.  • Interacted and partnered with business team members and Stakeholders for obtaining business requirements and discussing feasible and suitable solution/design.  • Managed and lead Oracle Discoverer Upgrade.  • Managed and rolled out the controlled web development and publishing of the Internet web site owned by Store Operations using IBM WebSphere, SSO with Tivoli AM , the Web Portal application integrated with HR/Finance and other legacy systems for Data Content and access Knowledge Base.  • Worked and coordinated with Payroll team/ADP Team and SSO team for converting the ADP Federal Payroll system to SSO login for Michaels Network.  • Worked with HRIS business teams and other integrated systems to collaborate and co-ordinate the business driven deliverables for R12 Upgrades and Performance Fit Gap analysis.  • Design and solution fitment for Oracle HR enhancements and support integration for transactional flow of HR data to various systems like HRMS, Finance, Payroll, Workflow Management, Ii-Learning, and Advanced Benefits.  • Interact with Oracle/Rimini Street and Internal Architecture Board for solution designing and documenting various R12 EBS functionalities and customizations.  • Co-ordinate with Rimini for AWS Cloud Storage of Oracle database.  • Communication Planning, Reporting and managing issue resolution/escalations with Stakeholders and Executive Committee Board.  • Extensive experience in managing enterprise SDLC rollouts, implementations and upgrades for Oracle ERP IT project through all lifecycle phases in design, review and testing various modules like HR, Payroll, Benefits, Core Self Service modules  • Coordinate and act with IT PMO team on Project deliverable templates, process gaps and QA authenticity and update SharePoint with Status reports/documents, Risks and mitigation plans.  • Managing Onsite and offshore IT teams according to the project deliverables and timelines, by preparing SDLC timelines, Project Plan, Estimates and costs. IT Delivery Manager CISCO Systems - San Jose, CA May 2012 to March 2013 Project 1:  • Liaison with Business and Vendors for Application deficiencies and gather future requirements, system requirements, and functional analysis to provide Technology Solution Development and Integration across the SDLC including requirements, functional specs, design, custom development, integration, testing, and deployment.  • Designed Quality related testing methodology for QA team in their quarterly releases for integration and system testing for all internets based Sales business tools.  • Analyze systems functionality related to Sales Personnel by integrating their roles and positions in HRMS and CRM to and provide best fit solutions for Compensation plans and train business users.  • Client communications planning, information distribution, progress and performance reporting to Stakeholders/Business and Sr. Management.  • Conduct project post mortems and create a recommendations report and identify issues and lessons learnt.    Project 2: IT Delivery Manager for Web NOSTG Marketing Department May 2011 to April 2012 • Successfully managed and handled team to deliver projects from end to end solution.  • Managed and delivered Internet based IWE release (Quad) - 3 portlets release from design to go-live for CDO-NOSTG Marketing group.  • Optimized resource planning, cost estimation, budgeting and cost control activities in the given budget for a services based project  • Managed and delivered CEC - IOS web tools enhancement in features by new design and implementation to support Web-technologies for NOSTG.  • Team Management in supporting all Migration and on-going support activities with Satyam and Cisco team.  • Planned over Unit Testing- Content Migration activities and integration testing strategy for RCDN migration. Sr.Consultant/ Project Manager Core Services Corporation February 2008 to April 2011 • Managed and delivered 3 Oracle R12 upgrade projects for CORE Services and its hosting clients  • Provided user training to for Rel 12 modules to core Business Users.  • Effectively managed full lifecycle SDLC for client projects in Oracle HRMS/CRM and Financial  • Managed cross functional groups and integrations for issue resolving and providing solution for global solution across all Oracle Modules viz, HRMS/CRM/Workflow/ and Financials.  • Interact with Oracle for latest Patches/Upgrades and TARS.  • Extensive experience in handling issues related to customization, Legacy conversions and Patches through Oracle for all Core Clients through Service request flow from and assignment scheduler from Oracle.  • Managed testing team in aligning and delivering the testing to business users in execution of testing Oracle ERP modules.  • Project coordination and design advisor for team in updating and implementing the changes in CORE Service process.  • Documentation and planning by preparing Project Charter, WBS for Project and Implementation in AIM Methodology.  • Designed and developed documentation for new Java tool to support the business users to interface with Oracle Application.  • Supported the operations team by fixing issues in Oracle EBS modules like I-expenses, Purchasing, Projects, Payables, and Receivables etc.  • Managed Operations team in training and design process for Teleservice/ I-Support; Knowledge Base/ Universal Work Queue & CRM Foundation advised configuration changes according to Rel 12 and enhanced service desk productivity. EBS consultant Omniscient Inc June 2007 to December 2007 • Worked as Project Lead for implementing and supporting Oracle R12 CRM Modules.  • Managed and implemented setups related to Oracle ERP on Rel 12 - CRM Foundation, Email Center, Teleservice, Field Service, and I-Support, HRMS, Payables, Receivables and GL.  • Mapped the Setups of Email Center and Teleservice in HRMS and CRM with all integrations in R12 according to the business requirements.  • Designed document to configure and setup the Rel 12 Oracle Email Center to Exchange Server and mapped the current email accounts to the same which would give access to all the Technical Support team to get mails in their mobile devices too.  • Prepared Business Review Document on specifications provided by the business users.  • Interacted with Oracle Corporation on escalating Tars and issues during implementation.  • Interacted on development activities with Technical Team on Functional specifications.  • Performed unit testing & integration testing. Project Lead (EBS) CISCO Systems - San Jose, CA March 2003 to May 2007 Cisco Systems, Inc. has implemented Oracle Applications 11. 5.6 for process like Quote to Cash, Issue to Resolution, Procure to Report with Contracts and Installed base, played lead role in various projects related to their upgrades and development of current legacy tools into standardized once, by interacting with Business Groups, Cross Functional Teams.    Projects at Cisco: CSCC - Cisco Service Contract Center, ACM (Asia Customer Migration), Everest (Upgrade of Oracle from 10.5 to 11)  • Analyzed specifications provided by the clients  • Consulted on Design and Development, by gathering business requirements  • Interacted with Oracle Corporation on raising Tars and issues on upgrades and releases of client.  • Oracle Environment maintenance by applying relative Patches as recommended by Oracle.  • Interacted on development activities with Technical Team on Functional specifications  • Played lead role in the implementation process for Oracle I-Store regarding user application setup testing and by designing the catalog hierarchy.  • Managed and engineered a strategic Oracle Application Patch Strategy for the 11.5.9 CRM Service Suite applications integrating with Self Service HRMS for Contact Center Setups, Purchasing setups this information was consistently provided to the Oracle Project Management. Consultant (ERP) HCL Technologies December 2002 to May 2003 HCL Technologies Limited is an IT Applications service provider. In the ERP/CRM space, HCL Technologies provides services in nature of Implementation, Migration and Support services of Applications of vendors like Oracle, SAP, and Siebel etc.  • Worked with the implementation team through the requirements analysis and Solutions Prototyping Phase.  • Coordinated between the HCL, America project team, HCL, CRM team and other development teams in issues of requirement analysis, training and implementation.  • Gathering Business Requirements  • Functional setups in Oracle Application  • Co-ordinate with Development team on customizations and enhancements  • Training business users  Powwow Waters, UK  • First-Cut training to all Business Users.  • Detailed As-Is study involving all Operations of client covering areas of Sales, Customer Service, and Call Center operations  • Identified and finalized the requirements for the CRM initiative.  • Involved the integration points of the CRM applications with other legacy & custom developed system. Education Master's Skills ORACLE (10+ years), SQL, Oracle CRM (10+ years), Oracle ERP (10+ years), HRMS, Program Management (3 years), Project Management (8 years), JIRA (4 years), Microsoft office (10+ years), Change Management (10+ years), Organizational Skills (10+ years), Client Relationship Management (10+ years), Cloud Computing (2 years), Account Management (10+ years), Revel software (Cloud Based) (2 years), Retail Management (6 years) Assessments Organizational Skills — Proficient July 2019 Arranging and managing information or materials using a set of rules. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/gvwqzf-fqfcq-ko CRM Skills with Salesforce — Expert August 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to demonstrate a knowledge of Salesforce objects, fields, and processes. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/wponuazjuyji0skr Management & Leadership Skills: Planning & Execution — Highly Proficient August 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to effectively plan and manage resources to accomplish organizational goals. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/nkjykmionguopnld Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS    Technical Skills: Oracle Applications ERP Package with Technical and Functional expertise in HRMS/Financials and CRM with integrated Manufacturing and Supply chain Modules like Inventory, Pricing for Service Contracts, Tele service, Depot Repair, Human Resources, Projects, Time and Labor, Order Management, Bills Receivable, Bills Payable, Cloud Based Technology (REVEL) for POS ,AWS for Data Storage.  Software Platform: Oracle Applications - 11i 5.7, 11.5.8, 11.5.9 & Rel 12  Oracle 8i, Forms 6i, Reports 6i  Integration Tools: Web tools, Microsoft Server, HP quality Center, Smart Test, Workflow notifications Emailer, Concurrent Process and Server Migration -  Proficient in Sql & plsql queries with extensive Java and HTML related web tools, Cloud based Technologies.  Management Skill: Service Now, SharePoint/ Office 360, MS tools, Drop box, One Drive,I Cloud, Agile, JIRA, Lync  Implementation: Waterfall/ Scrum/Agile Methodology,  Soft skill: Excellent in communication/ leadership quality/Strong work ethics, Positive Attitude, Problem Solving Skills.  Learning's: Cloud Management Platforms, Sales force CPQ, Subscription Management, MS Dynamics CRM,