PMO Project Manager PMO <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> PMO Project Manager - Wingspan Portfolio Advisors Murphy, TX Project Manager experienced in business analysis and project management, customer relations, process improvement, software development life cycle, and leading cross-functional and virtual project teams. Result and goal oriented professional with significant skills in leadership, identification of resources, and analysis and problem solving. An individual with a proven record of supporting and delivering projects that provides quantifiable improvements on business performance. Fluent in both English and Spanish and significant background and knowledge in:    * Project Management (PMBOK)  * Project Management Office (PMO)  * Software Development Life Cycle  * Business Analysis  * Process Mapping    * Resource Management  * ERP Systems  * Agile Methodology  * Root Cause Analysis  * MS Project, Project Server, SharePoint, Visio Work Experience PMO Project Manager Wingspan Portfolio Advisors - Dallas, TX 2013 to Present Support Project Management Office by providing business process analysis and project planning for the design and implementation of enterprise program and projects to achieve the company's strategic goals.    * Responsible for the planning, monitoring, executing, and implementation of operational and IT programs and projects by performing business analysis, identifying systems requirements, determining approach, and developing and maintaining project documentation.  * Planned, directed, and coordinated project and program activities for cross functional teams through the project life cycle to ensure deliverables and milestones are met within schedule, scope, and budget.  * Prepared status report to keep management, clients, and stakeholders informed of program and project status and related issues.  * Interviewed personnel and conducted on-site observation to ascertain unit functions, work performed, methods, and personnel used.  * Documented findings of study and prepare recommendations for implementation of new /modified systems, procedures, and/or organizational changes.  * Presented business process analysis, findings, and recommendations to the senior executives for assessment and approval.  * Assisted in the creation of PMO by establishing project processes and project management templates to ensure project management standards are followed.  * Provided direction and guidance on the project management tools and methodologies to other project managers.    Accomplishments:  * Recognized as one of the top performing employee by the Chief Technology Officer for successfully implementing the infrastructure for the Short Sale Engagement within schedule and scope.  * Implemented the Microsoft Lync application to enhance the company communications platform by leading focus groups, creating implementation plans, user testing plans, user guidelines, and application user experience survey.    * Enhanced the company invoicing process by performing business process analysis, identifying areas of potential risks, and implementing cost effective solutions to increase productivity and eliminate billing errors.  * Designed and implemented project management templates and procedures that meet PMI standards including Project Charter, Project Plan, Stakeholders Management Matrix, Communication Plan, Project Status Report, Project Life Cycle RACI Matrix, Risk Register, Scope Change Log, Lessons Learned, and Project Closeout Document.    * Implemented the ability to track program and project progress, capture project requests, allocate resources, maintain and archive information assets, and generate executive status reports using the internal PMO SharePoint site. IT Business Analyst/ Project Manager Mouser Electronics - Mansfield, TX 2010 to 2013 Support Project Management Life Cycle and business process by providing project analysis and project planning for the design and implementation of software development projects to achieve the company's strategic goals    * Responsible for the planning, monitoring, and leading of ERP system and SharePoint 2010 projects performing business analysis, systems and application architecture, design, review, and documentation.  * Analyzed existing business process to assess areas of improvements and to identify the best strategy by using process mapping and root cause analysis methods.  * Interviewed end-user business needs to define system and user interface requirements that efficiently support cross-functional operations.  * Acted as a liaison between business managers and IT department to properly distinguish requests from needs and assessed the proposed project plan to ensure all needs are met.  * Documented business process analysis, findings, and recommendations to be presented to the senior executives for assessment and approval.  * Developed project plan and documentation including functional specifications, work breakdown structure, communication and implementation strategies to keep projects on track and within scope.  * Presented project status and recommendations to business managers and senior management to accomplish business objectives.  * Provided customer oriented solutions to problems by using available resources for research and corrective action.  * Provided business and process analysis to identify project approach and technical design to be reviewed with business managers and technical team.  * Directed assigned software development team to ensure functional specifications are understood and technical specifications meet the project scope.  * Assessed, collaborated, recommended, and established work priorities by determining resource and time requirements.  * Recommended amendments to policies, procedures, and project management practices. Education MBA in Engineering and Project Management University of Dallas - Irving, TX BS in Computer Science and Electrical Engineering Universidad Santo Tomas Skills Project Management, Business Analysis, Process Mapping, Process Business Improvement Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional