SR. PROJECT MANAGER SR. <span class="hl">PROJECT</span> <span class="hl">MANAGER</span> Baneberry, TN Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience SR. PROJECT MANAGER PCM - Lewis Center, OH September 2017 to Present * Successfully led 2017/18 refresh of Servers, Workstations and printers for large enterprise nationwide customer.  *Insured all required product was ordered, shipped and delivered prior to scheduled installations.  * Coordinated miscellaneous IT projects for different industry customers(financial, industrial and manufacturing).  * Planned and coordinated resources for 2018 refresh of over 7500 devices being installed at 1345 locations nationwide.  * Created presentations and reports for Senior level executives.  * Served as back up Project Manager for other team members when needed.  * Create and maintained all project documents and reports for multiple simultaneous projects IT OPERATIONS MANAGER MARY RUTAN HOSPITAL - Bellefontaine, OH April 2014 to April 2017 Summary -  • Personnel supervision   • Vendor and Contract management  • IT equipment, parts and general equipment purchasing   • Policy and Procedure creation/maintenance  • Data Analysis and reporting    Specific accomplishments    * Introduced new vendors resulting in decrease of $50K+ construction costs in one year and decreasing the monthly service charges from $1500 per month to less than $1000 per month for more bandwidth.  * Reviewed vendor maintenance agreements and saved company $100K+ within first 6 months on the job.  * Established hardware and software standards and negotiated vendor discounts, reducing costs by over 50% for some purchases.  * Negotiated software contracts to bundle together applications for desktop security, thereby reducing costs by over 50% of annual spend.  * Negotiated contract to reduce cellular contract monthly spend from $2500 to $1200. Presented alternative options that would reduce monthly spend to below $1000 per month for existing devices.  * Successfully led Infrastructure team to replace outsourced Cisco Call manager and support Cisco Meraki network, saving the organization approximately $25K per month in operational expenses.  * Streamlined project processes to ensure that all desktop and network requirements were in place not to cause any delays on project schedules and under budget.  * Successfully led project team on physician practice acquisition reducing clinic downtimes due to the reduction of hardware and network installation times.  * Successfully implemented HP MPS saving the organization 30%+ on printing costs annually.  * Efficiently led Desktop team in the replacement initiative of over 700 computers as well as upgrade of 300 additional operating systems from windows XP to Windows 7.  * Successfully led project team to implement endpoint encryption on all mobile devices to ensure proper protection of company data.  * Served as project lead for implementing new IT training room and Conference room technology.  * Created afterhours support procedures to ensure IT support staff availability on evenings and weekends.  * Implemented outsourced IT Helpdesk to free up Desktop technicians to efficiently respond to incidents.  * Restructured all Desktop, System Admin and Network staff job descriptions to provide accurate role definitions and introduce career paths contributing to staff satisfaction. IT Operations and Support Services Manager SENTARA HEALTHCARE - Harrisonburg, VA September 1995 to April 2014 Summary -  Personnel supervision  Vendor and Contract management  IT equipment, parts and general equipment purchasing  Policy and Procedure creation/maintenance for operations and support area  Data Analysis and reporting  Strategic planning and budgeting responsibilities  IT Risk and Compliance auditing    Project Management  ? Managed $1.5M budget for desktop and peripheral deployment for the new hospital campus, maintained $250K cost saving of the procurement costs by negotiating hardware purchasing discounts.  ? Planned, implemented, and led desktop team to successfully complete on time and under budget the build and deployment of over 800 new computers, relocation of over 1000 computers and over 400 peripherals as part of a move into a new hospital campus.  ? Facilitated multiple planning teams and led desktop team to ensure successful transition resulting in no incidents or harm during the move of over 90 patients from old to new facility within 8 hours.  ? Planned and led teams on new construction projects for offsite physician practice locations.  ? Designed conference room AV equipment for all RMH facilities including VTC utilizing Polycom equipment.   ? Liaised between corporate helpdesk and local helpdesk to ensure operational efficiency and integrity.  ? Planned the workstation and printer integration to new corporate network.  ? Planned and led major hardware and software upgrades for organization, including upgrade of over 3000 computer operating system and physical replacement of over 600 computers annually.  ? Led the successful implementation of managed print services in compliance with HP methodology.  ? Developed and administered IS incident management system HEAT, and web based self-service for IT requests, and Frontrange IPC. Created custom reports utilizing Crystal Reports.  Operational Management  ? Built desktop and helpdesk teams from scratch, achieved turnover of less than 1% in a 10-year period.  ? Created all desktop and helpdesk policies and procedures to ensure exceptional customer service.  ? Maintained a 95% first call resolution for the internal helpdesk as well as a less than 3 day time to close for all desktop support incidents.  ? Maintained an average customer satisfaction for helpdesk and desktop support services at 4.99 out of 5 with the lowest score being 4.8 over a 10-year period.  ? Developed Asset Management procedures to ensure proper tracking of all organizational IT assets.   ? Created monthly IT newsletters, training materials, and conducted training sessions for IT orientation.  Vendor Management  ? Negotiated hardware and software contracts resulting in purchasing cost savings for $100K + annually.  ? Established software compliance by administering Microsoft EA for 12 years. Education M.S. in Management of Information Systems University of Maryland University College , College Park MD - College Park, MD B.S. in Management and Organizational Development Eastern Mennonite University - Harrisonburg, VA Skills BCP (Less than 1 year), Project Management (7 years), security (3 years), budget, Scheduling, Outlook, Smartsheet (1 year), Excel (10+ years), Management (10+ years), File Management (10+ years), Microsoft Office, MS Office, Powerpoint, access Additional Information AREAS OF EXPERTISE  Vendor and Contract Management  IT Procurement  Management and Leadership  Effective Communications  Strategic Partnerships  Team Leadership & Adaptability  Application Architecture  SDLC Best Practices  Release Management  Systems Security  BCP & DR  Business Development  Customer Relations/Support  Corporate IT  Strategic & Visionary Planning  Project & Program Management  Integrative Decision Making  Complex Problem Solving  Cost Effectiveness  Performance Improvement  Strong Healthcare Acumen