IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager - Common Good I.T Westminster, CO Work Experience IT Project Manager Common Good I.T - Boulder, CO June 2018 to Present Provide comprehensive IT project management to numerous franchise office locations in fast paced agile environment. This includes but not limited to managing project scope, co-ordination and execution of tasks, vendor and resource management, developing and executing Request for Proposals (RFPs), risk and budget management, ensuring customer satisfaction at all times, and providing timely updates to project stake holders.  ? Lead cross functional teams including multiple vendors, ISPs, and general construction contractors across the nation to co-ordinate IT activities and ensure the projects are completed on time, to the satisfaction of the client.  ? First point of contact for client  ? Architect client locations for data, voice, wireless access points and security drop placement.  ? Evaluate and build efficiencies to policies & procedures by evaluating organization outcomes, identifying issues, evaluating trends & anticipating requirements.  ? Understand current & future business goals and ongoing IT issues to ensure business success as well as integrate information technologies into the company for optimal effectiveness. International entrepreneur NYS - Prague, CZ 2015 to Present Develop schedule, budget, contracts, order, hardware & software marketing programs, process & procedures around inventory management and oversee day to day operations.  ? Protect the franchised brand by operating the franchise in strict compliance with system operating standards.  ? Comply with instructions on branding, signs, logos & color schemes along with operating to set standards and all legal regulations.  ? Advertise and promote the franchise and its approved products & services according to the guidelines provided by the franchisor.  ? Create innovative marketing campaigns to drive business as well as network in local community to increase profile and bottom-line profit.  ? Order stock & resources; attract customers & build up sales; keep accurate records; train & supervise employees. Service Delivery Manager IBM 2012 to 2015 ®    Responsible for daily operations of network tower, managed approximately 100 engineers, project managers & architects while being responsible for all major network projects, ensuring timely completion within budget while ensuring client satisfaction.  ®    Remediate audit findings from previous audits to ensure network was compliant with all regulatory and security requirements; Directed network team to manage and maintain security compliance  ®    Collaborated with internal IBM teams to build enhanced processes around high severity issues to reduce service interruption time.   ®    Evaluated and re-negotiated Service Level Agreements (SLAs) to ensure high quality service and clarification of service expectations  ®    Allocated additional focus on network vendor management to provide services that were highly valued by the client.  ®    Provided overall ownership and responsibility for network services delivered to the client globally; mentored new team members; managed major vendor network provider  ®    Coordinated with other service towers such as cloud, security, server & storage services as well as re-negotiated terms with WAN vendors to improve accountability between the WAN vendor and the end client.   ®    Developed team accountability & structure to support client projects & issues especially around new proposals & solutions, new network projects and steady state operations.  ®    Reduced the number of failed changes by over 70% by partnering with SME teams to implement a peer mentoring program for newer personnel. Service Management, IT Project Manager AT&T - Denver, CO 2008 to 2012 Global Network Management Center, Senior Business Manager    ? Managed 40 network analysts in a 7x24x365 Network Operations Center; approved overtime and vacation with focus on team and business goals.  ? Led & prepared budget for new business projects as well as collaborated with global AT&T delivery teams to ensure project required elements were well defined & implemented successfully.  ? Built efficient team shifts by leveraging a mixture of skills to deliver excellent client support as well as designed & implemented a shift handover process to improve continuity of service.  ? Provided client assessments & pitched IT equipment and service packages during meetings or presentations; offered innovative solutions that met clients' needs while remaining cost effective.  ? Managed projects by creating timelines, adhering to budgets & assigning staff members; established client & sales goals, and tracks progress & other metrics. Account Business Direction Manager IBM - Boulder, CO 1999 to 2008 Cross Border Network Department Lead  Network Engineer/Team Lead    PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT & CREDENTIALS Education PMP Certification in Progress University of Texas - Arlington, TX Skills Operations, Relationship management, Sow, Vendor management, Strategic planning, Information Technology, PMP, PM Additional Information Skill Areas: ? Global Service Management ? Client Relationship Management ? Project Management ? Vendor Management ? Team Leadership ? IT Operations ? SLA/SOW Negotiations ? Strategic Planning ? Entrepreneurship