PCMH Program/Sr. Project Manager PCMH Program/Sr.<span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Program Manger Consultant - GREAT AMERICAN INSURANCE Cincinnati, OH High energy, analytical, and service-oriented professional with a history of providing mindful leadership to improve technical capabilities and increase organizational performance for global organizations. Proven expertise strategizing, designing, building, implementing, and optimizing technology solutions to move projects forward.    PMO Major Product Launches Lead  Kroger MasterCard Conversion 2017-2018    Kroger B2B & B2C Card Migration 2017    Kroger Money Service Operations 2018    Kroger IVR Conversion 2018    ADEC Machine Platform Launch 2015-2017    Ethicon Realize MySuccess Platform 2008-2011    Horseshoe Cincinnati Casino Product Launch 2012    GE Rutland Machine Transformation Launch 2015-2017 Work Experience PCMH Program/Sr. Project Manager CARESOURCE, Ohio October 2018 to Present • Responsible for overall program management of the PCMH project work in the Georgia and Indiana Markets. National Center for Quality Assurance (NCQA) compliance with annual reporting measures for CareSource members and PCMH providers.    • Collaborates closely with all disciplines in Population Health Development, to include, but not limited to: LSAM, Care Coordination and Case Management, Epic, and Organizational leadership. Acts as a liaison between the Business, Markets and Clinical leadership. Senior Project Manager April 2018 to October 2018 • Manages the projects within the Population Health work stream including cross-program strategic planning, sequencing, and project life cycle execution; projects required extensive localization / translation management and organizational readiness. Manages projects for Business lines: Pharmacy, Medical Utilization and Behavioral Health  • Presents updates, insights, challenges, and risks to State Reps and Senior Leadership governance boards.  • Contributes to product line expansion and cost savings by managing multi-phased business/technology process implementation for the company's first drop-ship business channel. Project Manager Consultant KROGER PERSONAL FINANCE - Cincinnati, OH June 2017 to April 2018 Project manager within the Change Management Department. Responsible for platform and product launches from the beginning of the project, providing scoping, planning and management through the project life cycle. Ensures that all project objectives are clearly documented, approved and meets the projects requirements. Identifies and evaluates project risk, implementing an effective mitigation strategies. Establishes and maintains relationships with leadership and both internal and external departments including Category Managers and 3rd party partners. Defines and documents the current and future state of Business Processes, identifies Process Improvement needs and Develops Plans to implement suggested Improvements. Reviews ongoing process goals for both internal and external clients. Assembles project teams, assigns individual responsibilities, identifies appropriate resources, develops timelines and schedules and communicates status updates to the appropriate stakeholders. Provides solutions that are capable of meeting the business objective of the project, including post program launch evaluation. Builds relationships across the group and leads cross functional teams to develop and deliver project requirements. Responsible for strategically interfacing with both internal and external clients regarding product launches Business Implementation Manager Consultant BID BUSINESS & INDIVIDUAL DEVELOPMENT - Cincinnati, OH January 2017 to June 2017 Directed and analyzed projects, new business, and financial conditions and their impact on the organization's policies and operations; leads cross-functional project teams; Responsible for implementing process improvement and innovation across the team. Facilitated Kaizen and Lean practices workshops. Developed 2 training courses "Continuous Improvement using Agile" & "Customer Service Internal-V-External" . Initiates and participates in the quality improvement process, identifying opportunities for improvement, participating and/or leading key initiatives for our clients, and documenting procedures. Responsible for leading all Operational best Practices and Business Excellence initiatives for new clients. Provided training and coaching on relevant improvement methodologies. Drove business units to raise, record and implement staff suggestions. Ensured projects were delivered within approved budget Project Manager / Coordinator MAKINO - Mason, OH July 2014 to January 2017 • Utilized tracking tools and systems to accurately document milestones completions, project risk, corrective action plans, jeopardies, and overall project completions October 2015 to March 2016 managed over 93 projects earning a total amount of $38,042,703.55 for the Fiscal Year.  • Provided strategic direction during the implementation stages of the projects for General Electric and Boeing Coordinated and scheduled resources across multiple organizations to align requirements with the company's goals and objectives .Worked extensively with end users, vendors, and internal resources to ensure operational readiness, new service creation, and the ability to provide high quality service. Managed all assigned projects to completion ensuring on-time delivery, while maintaining budget demands Project Manager - IT ATOS - Cincinnati, OH June 2012 to October 2013 • Monitored network/systems environment for multiple customers. Support Desktop / Laptop Windows XP and Windows 7 Responsible for multiple networking and server upgrade projects. Accurately managed and recorded work effort in accordance with factory requirements(WUS, WBS).  • Communicated professionally with a diverse group of business and IT executives and managers. Project Manager Consultant ETHICON ENDO SURGERY - Cincinnati, OH June 2008 to June 2012 • Envisioned, guided, and delivered solutions to increase cross-functional business capacity and support profitability for the world's top floral company and provider of specialty gifts for Realize My Success. Regularly presented to C-suite executives.  • Executed the CTO's enterprise platform standardization program. Led migration to leading-edge medical management system with business intelligence reporting tools, and streamlined order processing and fulfillment processes. The $2M project increased inventory accuracy 25% and expanded capacity to pave the way for future potential. Managed the finance vertical portfolio, provided call center program management, and directed on-site IT operations for the Nurses fulfillment center. Education Bachelors of Science in Project Management COLORADO TECHNICAL UNIVERSITY Business Administration UNIVERSITY Of Cincinnati Skills Change management, Itil, Jira, Coaching, Organizational change, Portfolio management, Closing, Six sigma, Sequencing, Project Management, PMI, Program Management Additional Information Professional Skills  Business Systems Strategy  Program Increment (PI) Planning  JIRA/TFS  Coaching System Roadmap Sequencing  Project Portfolio Management  Organizational Change Management  Leadership IPECC (Initiating, Planning, Executing, Controlling, and Closing)  SAFE  Six Sigma  ITIL Framework  AGILE Methodology