Senior Project Manager - IT Infrastructure & Operations Senior <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> - <span class="hl">IT</span> Infrastructure &amp; Operations Senior Project Manager - IT Infrastructure & Operations - Bed Bath & Beyond Morris Plains, NJ A PMI certified Project Manager with a proven track record of successfully leading complex IT and non- IT projects and programs. Demonstrated strength in leading cross-functional project teams, relationship management, and problem resolution; strengthened by a strong client focus with the commitment and capacity to meet identified goals within time and budget. Experience in establishing successful PMOs. Bilingual in English and German. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior Project Manager - IT Infrastructure & Operations Bed Bath & Beyond - Union, NJ July 2013 to Present • Successfully managed the development cycle of the Self-Service Portal Upgrade project. Lead a team of four in-house developers to develop a complete upgrade of the existing Self-Service Portal. The upgrade significantly enhanced workflows enabling over 65,000 associates to use single portal for common service requests.   • Responsible for project planning, requirements gathering, systems analysis, functional and technical design, and budget for a new Store Portal to help manage operational requirements for over 1550 stores.    • Responsible for the program planning and deployment of broadband circuits for all 1,550 stores and concepts. The program deliverables included new network and security architecture using GPCS and other cloud-based applications, implementation of guest wi-fi, introduction of new tools and services, improved associate training, and generated $5M savings per year by eliminating T1 circuits.  • Provide end to end project management leadership for various infrastructure projects such as the VoIP SIP/CME conversion project, payroll RightFax deployment, and the INETCO credit monitoring system.  • Participated as a transformational coach to reorganize IT based on a SAFe agile framework. Conducted extensive workflow analysis. Developed workstreams to optimize value and realigned IT resources based on each workstream. Project Manager - IT Project Management Office GAF Materials Corp - Wayne, NJ July 2012 to June 2013 • Responsible for the development and deployment of a new reporting platform. Enhanced reporting systems included a complete revision of the existing reporting architecture, introduction of new reporting tools, updates to the data warehouse, commission systems, and sales center applications.  • Implementation produced more timely and accurate data, enhanced reporting capabilities, CRM views, dashboards, improved data security, introduced self-service functionality, and eliminate many redundant processes.  • Successfully managed the deployment of 250 corporate branded iPads to the National Sales team. Aided in the development of a custom image that included GAF developed custom apps and numerous third-party applications. Project Manager - IES International Executives Services KPMG, LLP - Montvale, NJ June 2010 to July 2012 • Managed a $1.83M IT security project to implement Symantec's Vontu Data Loss Prevention (DLP) application. Proposed project scope, schedule, and budget, along with technical and business requirements to senior management for approval.  • Successfully deployed a complex HR application for a French client that consolidated over 2,400 international assignees, eliminated manual tasks, enhanced productivity, implemented best practices and reduced associated risks and tax liabilities.  • Responsible for a data center hardware upgrade project for the KPMG Tax group. Collaborated with large team of Systems and Network Architects, Citrix, Applications, and Data Center Operations specialists. Assured that the migration and integration of all 125 applications met stringent technical requirements and quality assurance testing while meeting tight project deadlines.  • Developed and deployed a foundational framework for a PMO for all IES Project Managers. Framework included governance, processes, procedures, templates, and reporting functionality using a dedicated SharePoint site. Project Manager - Project Management Office Hooper Holmes Inc - Basking Ridge, NJ January 2007 to January 2010 • Directed a $2M program to transition a legacy billing and accounting system to a fully integrated ERP solution using Microsoft Dynamics GP to achieve $1.5M in annual savings.  • Successfully lead the development and implementation of a new interactive health screening platform used by major healthcare companies that provides on-line diabetes risk assessment. Ensured full systems integration to outsourced lab and risk analysis vendors while meeting all operational and compliance requirements. Facilitated in-depth quality assurance and security testing under HIPPA related guidelines.  • Assisted in the development of the IT PMO by formally defining the PMOs role, developed well defined governance, processes, procedures, and templates. Project Manager - Global Technology Solutions Shearman & Sterling LLP - New York, NY August 2005 to January 2007 • Managed the consolidation of 17 globally distributed databases to one centralized database eliminating manual processing by systems administrators worldwide and the outsourcing of administrative functions that produced $2.5M in annual savings.  • Managed both internal and external project resources along with virtual project teams across Europe and Asia. Responsible for managing key vendor relationships.  • Conducted in-dept analysis to optimize existing PMO functions. Analysis resulted in the revision of existing processes and procedures along with updated guidelines. Consultant - Settlement & Clearance Dept Union Bank of Switzerland - Weehawken, NJ May 2004 to August 2005 • Facilitated end to end testing in a simulated production environment by coordinating the set-up of three large-scale test environments between IT and numerous business units.  • Managed the integration testing and validation for bookkeeping, regulatory, compliance and static data for 19 business applications.  • Aided in the establishment of a consolidated chart of accounts. Documented processes and procedures and identified gaps that required remediation. Senior Project Manager Fiserv - Newark, NJ October 2003 to June 2004 Successfully managed a key project that substantially improved trading functionality in the APL Portfolio Management System that is used by over 5000 financial advisers. Led the organizational planning, management and completion using full systems development life cycle (SDLC) methodology. Directed a team 20 of software developers, business analysts, quality assurance, systems, and network specialists. Mitigated risks by proactively identifying and developing appropriate contingency plans. Coordinated the implementation using a carefully orchestrated change management approach.  Project Manager Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP - New York, NY April 2003 to October 2003 Introduced new client screening methodologies and formal due diligence procedures that minimized potential default risks by new clients. Introduced new screening tools, proofing reports and procedural changes to help expedite the review process. Evaluated and analyzed existing client/matter intake process, work flows and policies. Developed process improvement documentation including development of extensive work flow matrices in preparation for the automation of the client/matter intake process. AVP, Project Manager Commerzbank AG - New York, NY October 1995 to October 2002 Chief technical lead for a $4.1 million dollar multi-year project that implemented Oracle 11i to replace aging legacy accounting system that introduced a new chart of accounts, enhanced workflows and invoice processing, enabled ACH and EFT payments and introduced a new Fixed Asset system. Managed the analysis, design and implementation of the technical architecture. Acted as a liaison between IT and business users. Managed the conversion and migration of legacy application data. Directed the day-to-day activities of four technical and three functional consultants.     Managed a $1.5 million dollar multi-year project to automate the processing of money market, futures, options, foreign exchange related products, securities and repo’s. Designed interfaces linking the new back office system to the front office trading platform and General Ledger system. Conducted in-depth data analysis for several interfaces and for a large data warehouse project. Education BA in Finance Adelphi University / Garden City - Garden City, NY Database Application Development and Design Columbia University / New York - New York, NY Information Systems Management Pace University - New York, NY Skills Program Management (10+ years), Project Management (10+ years), PMP (10+ years), MS Office (10+ years), Process Management (10+ years), SDLC / Agile Methodology (10+ years), PMO Development (10+ years), PMP Training (10+ years), Business Development (10+ years), Vendor Management (10+ years), Access (10+ years), WBS Chart Pro (10+ years), ServiceNow (2 years), PMI Links http://linkedin.com/in/thomasbley Certifications/Licenses PMP