IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Senior Project Manager Vallejo, CA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager Kaiser Permanente - Walnut Creek, CA June 2015 to Present • Manage 30+ projects simultaneously across multiple programs, (i.e. Capital Construction, Clinical Technology, LAN/WAN Infrastructure, and VoIP Infrastructure) throughout multiple service areas in Northern California.   • Responsible for both internal and external resource management using established methodology.  • Works closely with business partners to determine IT solutions that work best with their current work flow.   • Collaborates with multiple teams throughout the service area to ensure projects run smoothly and details are not missed.   • Successfully use lessons learned from previous projects to mitigate potential issues and risks.   • Introduce out-of-the-box ideas to help alleviate potential risks while documenting steps taken to ensure colleagues can benefit from the knowledge gained.  • Created estimating tool for personal use to alleviate the struggles of the compiling accurate estimates for smaller PM&R projects.   • Analysis reporting to the PMO analyzing business and technical needs and requirements to produce all project documentation including business and technical requirements by using the established project management methodology.   • Responsible for status meetings to inform both the stakeholders and the project team the current status of the tasks on multiple projects and reporting project status to leadership on a monthly basis. Program Manager ComNet Technologies - Napa, CA 2013 to 2015 • Managed a team of nine telephony consultants and three associate consultants working on Kaiser VoIP projects throughout Northern and Southern California   • Created a standard process and scope of work for VoIP projects to be utilized as a template for future projects, as well as a creating a budget and estimating tool to automate the existing process.   • Successfully created a higher profit margin on projects by streamlining the internal processes by reorganizing the order of project tasks to occur simultaneously rather than consecutively.   • Assisted in creation of a training system to ensure new hires would be brought up to speed quickly. Additionally, ensuring the process was being abided by to provide a higher quality of work.   • Created and managed budgets of multiple projects ranging from $75K to $1.5M+  • Collaborated with the Kaiser Infrastructure Program to provide input for documentation being created by the Supplier Management Office to create a RACI chart for the Voice Projects.   • Responsible for mid-year and annual reviews as well as employee development.  • Subject Matter Expert (SME) of the Kaiser Infrastructure Program, Voice Track standards and responsible for ensuring all projects did not deviate from the standards. Project Manager NetXperts, Inc - San Ramon, CA 2012 to 2013 • Worked with VPs, Directors, Managers, and business users with multi-cultural teams of varying size and variety of technologies, including but not limited to WAN, LAN, wireless networks, security and server upgrades.   • Created and managed budgets on $1M to $8M+ projects  • Supervised and collaborated project teams that comprised of CCIEs, Network Engineers, technicians, and in house resources.   • Conducted weekly stake holder meetings to keep projects on target and inform stake holders of the current status.   • Managed the projects team to ensure all hours were being catured and project stayed on budget.   • Major projects included San Francisco International Airport, LA Unified School District, and East Side Union High School District Project Manager Pinnacle Telecommunications - Loomis, CA 2011 to 2012 Knowledgeably planned, supervised, monitored and documented telecommunications equipment projects involving SONET, ATM, BITs, fiber cables, routers and switches.  • Continually kept expenditures within budget limits, evaluated inbound projects and produced comprehensive reports.  • Proficiently negotiated sufficient financial resources and deadlines to ensure successful project completion.  • Collaborated on technical documentation on new or unknown technology.  • All projects were AT&T Central Office Projects. Customer Technician Quest Diagnostics - San Jose, CA 2007 to 2008 Dutifully provided assistance to patients, oriented & instructed Patient Service Technicians and collaborated with Sales personnel to streamline operations. Field/ Project Manager Laboratory Corporation of America - Sunnyvale, CA 2005 to 2007 2009-2011  • Responsible for over 30 personnel at 14 sites and ensured staff knowledge of safety & health laws and policies.  • Critical participant in development of safety training, departmental audit reporting and drafting of action plans.  • Created training presentations for new standards, collaborated with colleges to roll out new standards to employees.  • Assisted Claims Management Team during Perpetuation & Assessment process to boost quality standards.  • Knowledgeably identified and resolved various customer service, operations and administrative problems.  • Successfully completed all projects on time and within budget. Lead Customer Technician Laboratory Corporation of America - Berkeley, CA 2005 to 2007 Provided comprehensive assistance to Supervisor in scheduling, auditing, quality control and personnel training efforts.  • Diligently evaluated Technicians to discern competency levels and training requirements.  • Entrusted with responsibility for conducting annual safety training and functioned as Team Safety Monitor assessing employee compliance with various protocols.  • Investigated & corrected identification problems and collaborated with technicians to reduce error rates.  • Coordinated with other departments to ensure project completion. Customer Service Representative GL Mezzetta - American Canyon, CA 2002 to 2004 Responsible for processing and tracking orders, ensuring sufficient inventory-on-hand to fulfill requests and answering client questions.  • Diligently oversaw, tracked and shipped customer orders and applied new information to company website. Telecom Project Manager ADC The Broadband Company - Pleasanton, CA 2000 to 2002 Authoritatively supervised telecommunications equipment projects for Cisco and Fujitsu, worth up to $1MM, comprising operations from updates to new builds.  • Thoroughly researched technologies to determine proper installation techniques, design details and work scope.  • Maintained inventory and ordered all project materials, in addition to enforcing defined standards and parameters.  • Directed training classes on SBC-AT&T Tab-db proprietary software. Telecom Senior Project Manager SBC Pacific Bell - San Ramon, CA 1998 to 2000 Comprehensively researched, analyzed, evaluated and assigned projects to three telecom engineers.  • Drafted detailed status reports for senior leadership and presented final project results to SBC Engineering Team in Missouri, Oklahoma, Kansas and Arkansas Region.  • Continually updated client documentation & records and collaborated with stakeholders regarding deadlines, responsibilities, monitoring, summaries and status each week. Education University of California Berkeley - Berkeley, CA Present Bachelor of Science in Business Management University of Phoenix 2011 Skills PM, Waterfall, SDLC Certifications/Licenses Driver's License