SENIOR PROJECT MANAGER/ MANAGER SENIOR <span class="hl">PROJECT</span> <span class="hl">MANAGER</span>/<span class="hl">MANAGER</span> SENIOR PROJECT MANAGER/ MANAGER - HMS TECHNOLOGIES Bradenton, FL Over 20 years combined professional experience as a Senior Program Manager, Senior Project Manager, Senior IT Analyst, Principal Analyst, Business Analyst, IT Manager, Software Asset Manager, Test Team Leader and Programmer with experience in the Mortgage, Banking, Health Care and other business industries. Concentration of projects focused in Project Management, Data Management, Business Processes Analysis, Business requirements, Software Asset Management, Software Life Cycle, Software and End-User Testing, Configuration Management, Risk Management, Change Management and SOX compliancy. Work Experience SENIOR PROJECT MANAGER/ MANAGER HMS TECHNOLOGIES - Martinsburg, WV October 2017 to Present Performed Program Management and management oversight for a T4NG Enterprise Data Management Support Services (EDMSS) contract to the United States Department of Veteran's Affairs. Managed a team of 15 data architects, analysts and data modelers in supporting the Office of Information and Technology in Enterprise Data Asset Inventory, Enterprise Data Governance Services and Enterprise Data Quality efforts. As the Prime contractor, performed on-boarding, tasks management, financial management and risk management tasks as oversight to this contract, as well as provided contract support for three sub-contractors. Tasks to support this effort included ADS analysis, gap analysis, data profiling and analysis, data store and schema metadata capture, documenting the 7 Dimensions of Data Quality for the ADS's, and product line system support for FMBT, VET360, ADR, CorpDb, Real Property and other supported areas. Tools included Rational, SQL, Metadata Insights, Informatica, Team Foundation Server, GitHub, and SharePoint. SENIOR CONSULTANT/ MANAGER MBL TECHNOLOGIES - Arlington, VA September 2009 to Present Senior Project Booz-Allen Hamilton August 2014 to September 2017 August 2014 - September 2017: Performed Program Management oversight for a T4NG contract in partnership with Booz-Allen Hamilton to the United States Department of Veteran's Affairs, managing cross-functional teams in delivering Veteran health and benefits-related mobile apps to the field. Additionally, performed Senior Project/Product Manager role over multiple mobile solution applications and mobile shared services. Tasks included assisting with the comprehensive analysis of mobile app requirements through the Agile process, process refinement, stakeholder engagement, Scrum Master and Analysis roles for each project, test and evaluation, and successful delivery of the applications to production. Tools included Atlassian JIRA and Confluence (Wiki) repository, SharePoint, Microsoft Suite, STASH, and Fortify. As a Manager and Senior Consultant, I provided a supervisory role to the project managers, security analyst and configuration managers that supported this contract. This role included interviewing for staff members, training and managing their performance as well as producing monthly Project Status Reports. Project Management government Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality (AHRQ) September 2009 to August 2014 Group PMO Office for the government Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality (AHRQ). Our primary tasks focused on creation and management of over 1000 project files across five portfolios on a government contract. As a PMO Lead, I worked directly with the government counterpart in the supervision of the PMO office. Assisted in the definition and improvement of the PMO defined processes, created process work flows, end-user documentation, management reports and metrics. Project Management tasks included defining high level requirements, designing project templates specific for each Portfolio, creating and managing project files, developing and supporting the Change Request process, managing project artifacts in SharePoint, and facilitating meetings to address project status. Additional managerial tasks included oversight of a team of seven Project File Coordinators, monitoring work progress, creating and holding performance reviews and leading team meetings. Supporting tools included: Microsoft Project Pro 2010, Project Web 2010, SharePoint, Excel, Word and Visio.  Additional Support Roles within MBL Technologies: Lead the Blog Communications team in producing and publishing at least two blogs per month for the MBL Technologies website; supported MBL Technologies in their development of business proposals, and was the lead for MBL Technologies PMO Group. SENIOR PROGRAM ANALYST ENGINEERING SERVICES NETWORK - Arlington, VA April 2009 to September 2009 Performed the supervisory role and senior leadership of the established project coordinator team within the Enterprise Project Management Group for the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality (AHRQ). Primary tasks focused on creation and management of project work plans on a government contract using Microsoft Project Pro 2003 and Project Web 2003 for the largest portfolio within the company. Effectively communicated relevant project information to superiors. Delegated tasks and responsibilities to appropriate personnel. Served as a role model and mentor to junior project coordinators. Inspired coworkers to attain goals and pursue excellence. Motivated team to work together in the most efficient manner. Customized SharePoint Sites for both Portfolio and internal team communications and assisted coworkers in its use. Established weekly project status reports for communication to management. Resolved and/or escalated issues in a timely fashion. SENIOR IT ANALYST FANNIE MAE - Washington, DC 1997 to 2009 Risk Management Team: Supported Single Family Technology departments in Risk Management functions, including guidance within SOX compliancy, Non-Public Information compliancy and Software Life Cycle compliancy. Tracked application information using Remedy and used the DOORS tool for requirements gathering. Worked with a specialized task force to design a new Change Management System using ClearQuest, including writing requirements, documentation and procedures and report queries. Managed the weekly Change Review Board. Provided weekly project status of all Single Family Technology applications to upper level management.  Credit Guaranty: Performed project management and business analysis support to the development and business teams including gathering and writing technical requirements, creating use cases, master project plan, software life cycle documentation, and coordinating/documenting the SOX and Software Life Cycle compliancy on each application. Worked with the business and development teams to ensure systems were prepared for production roll-out. Coordinated all documentation and signature approval across management teams. Lead end-use acceptance testing.  OCIO/Governance and Program Management Office: Lead the effort for the design and delivery of the operational processes, reports and a pipeline tracking system for the Enterprise Technology Council. Performed project management tasks and monitoring of project implementation. Designed and implemented the SharePoint sites for their document repository. Supported the design and project implementation of the Enterprise Technology Council Portal application including documenting the user requirements and use cases. Worked with the team to support and train end users for the application testing and feedback.  Enterprise Architecture Tools Team: Primary focus included Software Asset Management and the tracking of the third-party tools and licenses. Worked with the support team for automation of this process, including automated software delivery. Additional work included project analysis and definition of Fannie Mae's software life cycle process and procedures, long term procurement process, and rollout of Microsoft license agreement process.  Production Readiness Analyst/Business Cluster Liaison: Performed various duties to support the technology departments in production rollout of their applications. Primary goal was to reduce risk of applications moving into production by coordinating Production Readiness efforts between the business cluster and technology support groups. Also supported infrastructure growth and support-related issues to bring the various platforms under the current technology structure. ASSISTANT VICE PRESIDENT, IT MANAGER FIRST VIRGINIA SERVICES, INC 1993 to 1997 Performed management responsibilities for the Distributed Systems department, consisting of 12 employees. The department responsibilities included business analysis, feasibility studies, defining requirements, equipment procurement, programming, testing and implementation for over 135 distributed system and mobile applications across four states. Hardware included IBM PCs, Novel LANs and AS/400 computers. Management responsibilities focused on resource management, project management, billing, contracts, presentations, analysis and programming. PROGRAMMER ANALYST, PROJECT MANAGER IBM 1985 to 1993 As a Project Manager, performed project management responsibilities in the health care and telecommunications environments, including wireless computing technology. Projects costs ranged from $1 million to $5 million. Duties included project scheduling, team development and management, coordination of vendors and subcontractors, creation/coordination of contracts and statements of work, customer liaison, communications to management, presentations, strategic planning, risk management, budget responsibilities, problem solving and impact assessment. Coordinated system design, installation and implementation at various user sites. Developed, coordinated and implemented world-wide announcement packages. Completed projects on time and within budget.  As a Programmer Analyst, created various software programs/systems for mainframe and LAN applications. Tasks included creating functional requirements, design, code, test and implementation of software systems. Projects included health care, imaging, and telecommunications environments.  As a Configuration Manager, developed a software configuration system on the IBM AS/400 systems which included documented procedures for promoting software builds on both test and production regions. Trained programmers and off-site subcontractors on the configuration management process.  As a Test Team Leader, performed various leadership duties involving testing of both mainframe and LAN applications. Developed test scenarios and scripts that tested software in both functional and system environments. Created and trained test teams for testing support. Coordinated schedules and meetings to facilitate software builds. Performed system and acceptance testing with end-users at various sites. Selected, implemented and maintained error tracking systems for each project assignment. Communicated status to management. Education Associates Degree in Computer Science in Computer Science/Business Management Midlands Technical College Bachelors degree in Additional Computer Science and Business Management University of Maryland and the University of Central State CIS Certification in Project Management, Business Program Management Institute Configuration Management George Mason University Skills budget, Outlook, Estimating, Maintenance, Scheduling Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) Driver's License