Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager Scottsdale, AZ I am a Project Management Professional with more than 10 years of experience driving results in complex and fast-paced financial and healthcare environments. A certified PMP and CSM who prioritizes and manages multiple projects within specifications and budget restrictions. Leading all phases of diverse business and technology projects.    Known for driving customer satisfaction by maintaining open lines of communication throughout all project stages. I utilize communication, interpersonal and presentation skills to build, maintain and grow strong relationships with stakeholders. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager Advisor Group - Phoenix, AZ May 2018 to Present Responsible for oversight and management of strategic projects with teams across the organization, including technology, operations, legal, compliance, finance and other impacted partners to ensure on-time, on-budget project delivery.       Example includes:  ? Led a financial and regulatory compliance-related software development  project end-to-end through scope refinement, design, development, testing, and deployment into production.  Project team comprised of onshore, offshore as well as third party vendor resources.   Result: Completed project on schedule, under budget, while exceeding stakeholder expectations.    Job responsibilities includes:  ? Leading project teams and managing all activities in a project life-cycle (initiation planning, executing/controlling, and closing) associated with projects that are long-term, line of business-wide and medium to high in risk, scope, and complexity.  ? Consults with business partners to clarify and define project requirements including development of a statement of work.  ? Develops and revises complex project plans and budgets, works with users to understand complex problems and focuses on bringing issues to resolution, escalating as necessary to meet timelines.  ? Creates and delivers presentations to C-level executives and senior management on project status in terms of cost, forecast, schedule, and assessment of risk/issues to stakeholders.  ? Responsible for end-to-end project management, demonstrating ownership of the entire process from beginning to end. IT PROJECT MANAGER Growers Stand March 2017 to May 2018 Brought onboard to create then implement ecommerce and website solutions for an online and brick and mortar garden center start-up.     Example includes:  ? Developed a prototype website for an extensive 1000+ line of products for wholesale / retail customers.   Result: Completed project one month ahead of schedule, under budget, and to stakeholder and market testers acclaim.    Job responsibilities include:  ? Gathered business requirements for ecommerce and website solutions.  ? Evaluated ecommerce platforms for performance, features, scalability and ease of use for internal and external customers.  ? Assembled development and testing team for website.  ? Lead project team to design, construct, and test website incorporating ecommerce platform to purchase products online.   ? Provide hardware and software evaluations for accounting and point of sale systems IT PROJECT MANAGER Aetna March 2012 to December 2016 Managed all phases of the software development lifecycle (SDLC) for many custom solutions with budgets of up to $2M and cross-functional, geographically distributed teams of up to 12 developers, analysts, and various specialists.     Examples included:  ? Led all phases of an enterprise implementation for Centers for Medicare and Medicare Services (CMS) ICD-10 / ANSI 5010 applications development projects for proprietary medical claims pricing, provider, and EDI software. A multi-year, enterprise-wide regulatory effort to accommodate for the national CMS ICD-10 code implementation. Project incorporated functional testing with in-house QA and UA specialists along with extensive regression testing utilizing vendor resources.  Result: Enterprise successfully processed ICD-10 medical claims on time per the CMS deadline and regulations.   ? Upgraded the Workers’ Compensation Data Warehouse application operating system including hardware configuration and installation.   Result: Achieved seamless migration with no unscheduled downtime to the industry’s largest directly contracted Workers’ Compensation Network.  ? Drove the high-quality completion of web services for client access to proprietary medical claims pricing software.   Result: Trading partners successfully migrated from EDI to web services reducing the repricing of medical claims processing from hours to seconds.    Job responsibilities included:  ? Keeping project on track, using Project Schedule, Risk Register, regular status meetings with IT and the business, and other tracking methods as necessary.  ? Projecting / meeting deadlines for various project phases.  ? Tracking and leading the project through each SDLC phase, ensuring that all phase requirements are met on time, and solving problems and issues to keep the project moving smoothly.  ? Providing a monthly review to executive leadership.  ? Participating in continuing education to stay current on PMO methodology and PDUs required for PMP certification. ASSOCIATE IT PROJECT MANAGER Coventry Health Care March 2009 to February 2012 ? Led teams across broad technical and business disciplines. Focused teams on business objectives and tracked progress to ensure project milestones were completed on time, on budget and with the desired results.  ? Utilized Waterfall or Agile methodology processes and tools best suited to each project. Created detailed project road maps, Microsoft Project plans, and work breakdown structures based on project specifics and client goals. BUSINESS ANALYST Coventry Health Care July 2006 to February 2009 ? Led dozens of successful medical claims billing ANSI 837, CMS 1500, and proprietary format EDI trading partner implementation projects. Worked directly with the client / customer in all project phases.  ? Gathered Business Requirements and created Functional Specifications documentation.   ? Utilized shell script processes and SQL queries in EDI trading partner testing.   ? Successfully implemented EDI trading partner database updates to production environment. IT SERVICE DESK ASSOCIATE Perot Systems December 2003 to June 2006 ? First point of contact for the end-users who contacted the Catholic Healthcare West IT Service Desk.  ? Utilized knowledge base tool along with expertise to resolve tier 1 requests in a timely fashion.  ? Trained new associates on systems and knowledge base tool. Education BS in Computer Engineering Technology DeVry University - Phoenix, AZ 2003 Skills SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT (9 years), TESTING (10+ years), BUDGETING (9 years), CHANGE MANAGEMENT (7 years), Remedy (9 years), Planview (3 years), Financial Reporting (9 years), Microsoft Project (9 years), Microsoft Visio (10+ years), Microsoft Excel (10+ years), Microsoft Office (10+ years), Requirements Analysis (3 years), Project Management (9 years), Release Management (7 years), Electronic Data Interchange (EDI) (3 years), QA Testing (7 years), UA Testing (9 years), Team Building (9 years), Customer Relations (10+ years), Client Relations (10+ years), PMP, SDLC, Waterfall, Certified Scrum Master Links http://linkedin.com/in/linda-horsman Certifications/Licenses Certified ScrumMaster (CSM) July 2019 to July 2021 Project Management Professional (PMP) May 2009 to May 2020 Additional Information Skills Summary    Project Management:  Custom Software Development  Enterprise-wide Implementations  System Migrations  Project Management Office Liaison    IT Project Lifecycle:  Costing & Budgeting  Project Scheduling  Requirements Analysis  QA Testing / UA Testing    Value-Added Leadership:  Team Building & Mentoring  Client Relations & Presentations  Release Management  Change Management