IT Director <span class="hl">IT</span> Director IT Director - Home Products International Bartlett, IL ? Initiated IBM testing of S/38, gaining expertise in architectural design, operations and RPG III  ? Established an RPG III and RPGLE code generator - RAPID GEN - to create RPG programs from simple data modeling menu driven questions  ? Directed a team that marketed, maintained, distributed and supported the RAPID GEN code generator  ? Promoted, marketed, and managed a group of over 20 consultants through Rapis Corporation.  ? Developed systems with RAPID GEN, with hundreds of sub-files, lookups, and detail panel inquiries over PRMS and BPCS database, to include marketing, maintaining, and distribution, overseeing help support for system.  ? Created a code generator for the S/38 and AS/400 marketplace, still being used in the market place today.  ? Converted the BPCS system for company, to the year 2000 by subtracting 28 years from the database and changing all programs to display the correct year at the reporting and screen level. Work Experience IT Director Home Products International - Chicago, IL January 2018 to Present Home Products is a privately-held, international consumer products company specializing in the design, marketing and manufacturing of high quality, innovative housewares products.  Principal decision-maker charged with managing the design and maintenance of all business and manufacturing, environments, systems, and business requirements. Direct simultaneous projects, delivering optimum functionality, while maintaining systems related to hardware, software, and database operations.  • Orchestrated business data module capabilities to manage the all system needs for enterprise.  • Direct all structure and design processes at the technical, software, and hardware level.  • Ensured the overall structure and design met capacity, authentication, and performance abilities.  • Ensured that all I.T. functions, scanners, hardware, network were up 24 hours seven days a week.  • Created and tested a disaster recovery process, to allow for a full recovery if a disaster were to occur.  • Reported directly to the CFO, was under budget by 25%. President Ifkovits & Associates & Rapis Corporation - Bartlett, IL 1992 to Present • Heavy S/38 and AS/400.  • Created S/38 & AS/400 RPG code generator. Marketed, sold, distributed and maintained for over 20 years.  • Was one of the original authors of many of the RPG programs for BPCS, PRMS. IT Director of Architecture THE WARRANTY GROUP - Chicago, IL June 2008 to December 2017 Warranty Group is a leading single source provider for underwriting, administration, and marketing for service contracts and related services, with over 1,800 employees and offices in 33 countries.  Principal decision-maker charged with managing the design and maintenance of all architectural environments, systems, and business requirements. Direct simultaneous projects, delivering optimum functionality, while maintaining systems related to hardware, software, and database operations.  • Orchestrated business data module capabilities to manage the all system needs for enterprise.  • Direct all structure and design processes at the technical, software, and hardware level.  • Ensured the overall structure and design met capacity, authentication, and performance abilities.    (The Warranty Group, ) IT Director International Software Development 2002 to 2008 Championed highly effective software development, and international software system functionality for over 10 countries, challenged with a diverse set of business units, to include multiple stages of hardware, software, languages, character sets (double and single byte), and databases. Managed team recruitment, hiring, and directing all employee tasks, within all countries and projects.  • Led more than 15 developers in outsourcing in Argentina, to include Java, RPG III, and RPGLE.  • Traveled to Japan, China, Brazil, Argentina, Australia, Taiwan, Thailand, Columbia, Mexico, Malaysia, and many other locations to ensure system operational excellence existed for all I.T. shops that reported to me.  • Oversaw all the development of software for JAVA, RPG III, and PRGLE for the AS/400 system within all international countries, to include database structures for MS SQL, and DB2 for software and hardware systems. IT Director Suncast Corporation - Batavia, IL 1995 to 2002 • Heavy S/38 and AS/400.  • Responsible for all AS/400 RPG development of all the manufacturing and distribution systems. Project Manager Morton International - Chicago, IL 1994 to 1995 • Project managed all software developers using the Lansa Case Tool.  • Used Lansa Case tool to create the Data models for all database's to handle all Material Safety Data sheets. Education COLLEGE OF DUPAGE - Glen Ellyn, IL Trade School Skills As/400, Rpg, Synon, Bpcs, Jd edwards