IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager Fort Wayne, IN Record of optimizing IT resources so companies can increase revenue and reduce costs. Led  numerous projects using waterfall or agile, to solidify the infrastructure, create custom  software applications, leverage data analytics and increase cyber security. Managed large  projects for EMR and ERP implementations, migrations and upgrades using the waterfall  methodology. Major experience in strategizing and leading cross-functional teams to bring  about fundamental change and improvement in strategy, process and profitability. Work Experience IT Project Manager Squaremouth - Fort Wayne, IN March 2019 to June 2019 Served as Scrum Master at a travel insurance comparison online company.  • Transformed the PM process by educating resources to follow scrum and agile  processes.  • Increased efficiency and velocity by formalizing the PM process, adding initiation  and planning, scope management, velocity calculations, reviews and retrospectives.  • Created historical information repositories and implemented knowledge  management practices. IT Business Applications/ Project Manager Trine University - Angola, IN August 2018 to December 2018 Led a team of application specialists and software developers. Managed projects using waterfall and hybrid methodologies.  • Improved faculty and staff utilization of ERP system.  • Delivered results by leading the stalled implementation of a student housing  system.  • Commended for leading the integration of a donor development application that  raised millions of dollars for construction projects. Project and Information Technology Manager Ortho Northeast - Fort Wayne, IN June 2011 to December 2017 Led a team of IT professionals and managed projects that transformed the infrastructure and business applications. Collaborated with other senior managers, planning and directing the  focus of the practice. Infrastructure projects normally followed the waterfall method and software projects followed agile/scrum.    • Led the team that saved $300,000 annually by developing automated EMR forms to replace  dictation and transcription. Resources included dozens of providers.  • Directed medium and long-term infrastructure projects (servers, storage, networking, etc.)  working with internal and external resources.  • Commended for saving FTEs by developing patient check-in kiosks that resulted in 30%  patient usage.  • Increased patient throughput by 12% by collaborating with clinical staff and developing a system to track and expedite patient flow through the practice  • Reduced training time for front desk staff by developing a dashboard that streamlined the patient check-in/out process.  • Automated the processing of patient payments by developing software that automatically  applied over 90% of each day's payments, saving six hours/day while reducing errors. Information Technology Manager Dexter Axle Group - Elkhart, IN June 1990 to November 2010 Implemented and supported the infrastructure, telecommunications and ERP system at a group of six companies and numerous US locations. Project Manager for two separate ERP  implementations, using the waterfall method.    • Earned distinction as Project Manager for moving five acquired businesses onto company  network and ERP system. Saved over $1.5M annually in hard and soft costs.  • Commended for leading the team for a major ERP system upgrade across multiple  plants and companies with $2M budget and 1.3 year payback.  • Reduced inventory days on hand by 23%, leading projects to implement product bar  coding. Education Bachelor of Science in Information Science in Information Science Northeastern Illinois University - Chicago, IL 2019 Skills Change management, Problem solving, Strategic planning, Process improvement