Sr. Project Manager Sr. <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Lake City, MI John is a Certified Project Management Professional (PMP) with diverse experience across multiple industries. He has managed dozens of projects of varying size and scope, leveraging his strengths as a flexible, proactive Project Manager throughout. John's strong leadership, creativity, and interpersonal skills, coupled with his knowledge of project planning, resource management, and risk management, make him an invaluable asset to any project. His experience in project management, software lifecycle development, and analytical skills have enabled him to consistently and effectively meet organizational strategic goals. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr. Project Manager AF GROUP - Lansing, MI November 2016 to February 2018 Assisted in maturation of the PMO through the assembly, formation, and centralization of project artifacts, best practices, and documentation.     Acted as the Program Manager of a major Digital Workplace Transformation for the Enterprise.     Managed multiple projects that are related to Digital Transformation, which is another major enterprise initiative.     Adapted and trained distributed teams to become more Agile in approach and execution in order to hit tight deadlines where systems are undocumented.     Piloted and provided feedback for many new technologies that are either being explored or rolled out.     Led efforts to introduce and implement Disciplined Agile across IT. Sr. IT Project Manager State of Michigan - Dimondal May 2016 to November 2016 Managed multiple projects simultaneously for Treasury using the State of Michigan’s SUITE Project Management Methodology and System Engineering Methodology.     Held vendors accountable on COTS (Commercial Off-the-Shelf) projects in order to keep Treasury projects on target with quality deliverables.     Transitioned project teams from waterfall to agile methodology and practice in order to achieve higher velocity and align with the State’s Agile First initiative.     Identified risks and implemented mitigation plans in order to avoid them.     Formed Corrective Action Plans whenever projects downgraded status from green in order to get them back to green status.     Followed required documentation for highly structured PMO and EPMO.     Identified areas for process improvement and recommended steps and best practices to achieve better results. Project Manager JACKSON NATIONAL LIFE - Okemos, MI September 2014 to April 2016 Managed 4 departments’ project portfolios containing over 63 projects at various stages of the project lifecycle totaling over $4 million in hard costs and over 50,000 resource hours.     Led projects primarily for the Mobile Technologies, Capacity Planning, Email Administration, and Windows Server Administration teams.     Gathered and generated project artifacts for the approval, planning, and design phases of new project initiatives.     Communicated frequently with project sponsors and stakeholders regarding overall project status, upcoming milestones, and any issues that need to be addressed.     Utilized appropriate project management methodologies and techniques depending on the project size, scope, and speed it needed to be accomplished.     Formed and coordinated the execution of the communication plan for projects that impact business units and end users.     Created dashboards and reports for Managers, Directors, and Executives to quickly review how projects are doing and how their resources are performing.     Trained teams in project management best practices as well as utilization of tools such as Workfront and JIRA.     Successfully led projects that were critical to Major Corporate Initiatives.     Trained 4 teams in how to use Agile methodologies and JIRA in order to gain maximum visibility and velocity into their efforts.     Created over 50 reports and dashboards within Workfront that were used regularly within PGDS. Project Manager VISUAL DATA SYSTEMS - Columbia, MD February 2010 to September 2014 Managed the restructure and relaunch of a legacy application called Guest AdVantage that was the first rewards platform for the vacation rental industry, along with a companion app for the platform.     Led brainstorming sessions with executives to formulate product direction, core features, and scope of the project.     Met weekly with executives to refine product specifications, develop a product roadmap, present proof of concepts, gather feedback, and report on progress.     Translated requirements into User Stories for Agile development and utilized tools such as AtTask, Trello, and Google Docs to maintain the backlog and release lists.     Built QA test plans for the app and web platform, led QA teams for each product, and gathered feedback from UAT.     Created wireframes and mockups for proof of concepts, UI/UX reviews, demonstrations, and product improvement using Conceptboard, Google Draw, SnagIt, and Preview (Mac).     Held weekly meetings with the Product Team to discuss progress and direction, marketing efforts and opportunities, current challenges, and internal expectations.     Established documentation and handoff procedures for when the products move out of the Product Team’s scope of responsibility (R&D) into Production’s scope of responsibility (Installations).     Positioned Visual Data Systems as the leader in guest life cycle management through the relaunch of Guest AdVantage, which broadened its overall scope.     Led a product team that integrated new technologies for the company including: responsive web design, Sass, mobile applications built with phonegap, subversion, use of dashboards, and agile development methodologies.     Saw Guest AdVantage triple its clientele in the first 6 months after relaunch.     Managed the top 2 clients within 6 months of job start.     Led efforts to formalize and streamline the Project Management process for new sites builds and website redesigns.     Interacted with clients and developers to ensure requirements were met on time and on budget.     Met weekly with Production Team and Sales to go over current status of projects and make projections for End-of-Month billing.     Met regularly with clients regarding their projects for requirements gathering, SOW sign off, timeline review, status updates, UAT, launch, and post- project support.     Contributed to sales by attending pre-sales calls with clients to review specifications and answer questions, as well as upselling features and enhancements during the requirements gathering stage prior to build.     Created project templates in MS Project and AtTask for redesigns, new data integrations, and mobile sites. I also helped document requirements for common project types.     Managed up to 15 different projects simultaneously with limited resources.     Project Lead for Wyndham Vacation Rental projects totaling over $1 million per annum. Project Team consisted of 2 Project Managers from Wyndham/RCI, Project Managers Homeaway Software, QA Director of Wyndham, and at various times C-level executives of Wyndham branches and other vendors.     Built and implemented formal test plans that have since been used as the model for all future test plans within the organization.     Acted as Release Manager for all Wyndham Vacation Rental website updates and improvements which included detailed documentation, coordination between 3 serving environments, QA and UAT Testing, launches, and notification to various Wyndham representatives.     Managed internal IT efforts ranging from complete upgrades of entire office PCs from Windows machines to Macs, installation of a new file server, maintenance of internal servers (Small Business Server, redundant file servers, accounting server, phone servers, backup drives), network monitoring and troubleshooting, software installations for all departments, general IT troubleshooting.     Served as Lead Project Manager for new projects especially regarding R&D efforts and Discovery phase projects for clients.     Established VDS as the premier web developer for the Vacation Rental industry by successfully leading projects for Wyndham Vacation Rentals, which has accounted for almost $1 million in revenue in a calendar year.     Managed PCI Compliance efforts, distinguishing VDS as the first among peers to attain those credentials.     Directed the planning, requirements gathering, and tracking of a major successful project that required the development of 41 websites on a 3-month deadline.     Conducted research and implementation for a new Project Management CRM that rescued Support and Issue Tracking for their largest client.     Directed the audit, streamline, and marketing of the Rental Manager product that led to 50% reduced time in the sales process and increase monthly revenue per site by over 150%. CONSULTANT CAMP EDEN - Golden, CO May 2008 to 2009 • Identified areas of growth and improvement in their facilities, program, and target markets.  • Utilized CAD (Envisioneer) to estimate costs for projects, build materials lists and construct future site plans.  • Developed 3-, 5-, and 10-year site plans that would double the overnight capacity. These plans included clear goals stated along with ways to meet those goals and presented new opportunities to exceed them.  • Proposed a marketing strategy that would lead to national brand recognition and increase camper days by over 100%.  • Attended weekly meetings with Camp Team to review current projects, summer and off-season goals, and marketing efforts.  • Led volunteer groups on work projects that saved over $25,000 in labor costs through strategic planning and project coordination.  • Built marketing materials using MS Publisher for proof of concepts and new proposals to increase market reach, enhance brand perception, and formalize the overall marketing strategy for the coming year. MISSIONARY APPOINTEE GOSPEL MISSION OF SOUTH AMERICA - Fort Lauderdale, FL 2006 to December 2008 • Managed an extensive remodeling project of the facilities in Pirque, Chile while coordinating efforts between the US and Chile to acquire materials and housing.  • Directed work with contractors and volunteers from the US and Chile, often comprising of groups over 35 people.  • Formed a mission statement, goals, and roadmap for the camp and cast that vision to audiences of all sizes for fundraising and support.  • Designed technical site plans and blueprints using CAD software (Envisioneer) that helped raise over $150,000 for the camp. I presented the vision for the Camp to many churches, institutions, and individuals across the US and Chile using MS PowerPoint.  • Cut over $250,000 in labor costs through my direction of work team trips over 2.5 years to Chile. I communicated with those teams via email and telephone several months in advance and maintained contact with them leading up to their arrival in Chile to ensure expectations were met for all parties involved.  • Projected 3-, 5-, and 10-year financials for the feasibility of a self-sustaining International Camp that improved maintenance and building plans while targeting fundraising goals. Education BA in Camp Ministry Northland International University 2004 Business Administration Carroll Community College 2001 Environmental Engineering Carroll County Career & Technology Center 1999 Computer Technology Carroll County Career & Technology Center 1998 Skills PROJECT MANAGEMENT (10+ years), MICROSOFT PROJECT (10+ years), MS PROJECT (10+ years), TESTING (3 years), POWERPOINT (10+ years), Agile (5 years), Scrum (5 years), Kanban (5 years) Links http://LINKEDIN.COM/IN/JOHNEALBAUGH Additional Information EXPERTISE  • Project Management  • Project Planning  • Process Improvement  • Software Lifecycle Development  • Risk Management  • Agile Methodologies    RELEVANT SKILLS  • Project Management Methodologies: PMBOK, SUITE, CMMI, Agile, Waterfall, Scrum, Hybrid, ITIL  • Project Management Tools: Atlassian Suite (JIRA, Confluence, Trello) ServiceNOW, HP AGM, Workfront (formerly AtTask), MS Project, Open Workbench, ChangePoint, MS Team Foundation Server, Basecamp  • ITSM Tools: BMC, CA, ServiceNOW, Maestro  • Microsoft Office Tools: O365, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Visio, Outlook  • Collaboration & Content/Knowledge Management Tools: SharePoint, Lync, WebEx Connect, GoTo Meeting, Join.me, Fuze, Google Hangouts, Apple FaceTime, Skype, Skype for Business, MS Teams, Confluence  • Requirements Development and Management: Basecamp, Mockingbird, Confluence, JAMA  • Modeling and Design: Visio; Balsamiq, Envisioneer, Conceptboard  • Testing and Quality Management: Test plan development, test case development, manual and automated test execution, User Acceptance Testing, load/performance testing  • Database Technologies: Oracle, IBM DB2, Microsoft SQL Server, MySQL, Hadoop (Big Data), MongoDB, Sybase IQ  • Development Tools: Microsoft Visual Studio, Eclipse, Subversion, Stash, Git  • Languages: Java, VB.NET, C#, .NET, HTML, XML, JavaScript, VBA, VB 6, C++, C, COBOL  • Middleware and Other Platforms: Microsoft Office SharePoint Server, WebSphere Application Server, JBoss, Microsoft IIS, WebSphere MQ  • Operating Systems: Linux, AIX, Windows, VMWare, OSX, Android, IOS  • Graphic Design and Desktop Publishing: Photoshop, InDesign, Illustrator, Acrobat