IT Lead <span class="hl">IT</span> Lead IT Lead - PMISFBAC.org San Francisco, CA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Lead PMISFBAC.org - San Francisco, CA 2018 to Present San Francisco, CA  ? Manage and Administer Cloud Based SaaS Software Systems  ? Gather stakeholder expectations  ? Configure software to comply with specific user needs and functionality  ? Manage client requirements on an ongoing basis Project Manager / Systems Engineer SmartPay Leasing - San Francisco, CA 2015 to 2017 Spearheaded 50--person Office Relocation Effort  ? Managed & Developed business requirements  ? Identified, analyzed, and planned risk mitigation steps & managed stakeholder expectations.  ? Formed and managed teams to execute each aspect of the relocation  ? Executed relocation, including complete tech infrastructure in 3 weeks with no downtime  ? Managed Biometric Security System Implementation  o Identified requirements for compliance with federal fin--tech PCI security regulations  o Consulted with security specialists concerning different solution options  o Sourced technology and negotiated with vendors  o Presented solutions to executive management  o Managed network and tech teams to lead a successful pilot program using agile methodology  o Anticipated and addressed employee concerns around biometric data  o Managed installation of facial recognition security system in phased two--week sprints  ? Led Fiber--optic Networking Upgrade  o Analyzed network latency issues, identifying the problem as substandard connection speed  o Held meetings with ISP and network consultant attempting to resolve connectivity issues  o Solicited proposals and selected vendor, evaluated technologies and their associated logistics  o Presented results and upgrade plan to executive management  o Collaborated with legal team and network provider to facilitate upgrade  o Office network fiber upgrade resulted in 35% speed increase to 100+mbps with no service interruptions  ? Implemented and administered the cloud SaaS systems, e.g., Slack, Google Suite, PivotalTracker, and ZenDesk  o Identified software and technologies with potential to improve aspects company operations  o Analyzed benefits and costs of adopting the software software applications  o Presented analytic reports to stakeholders, used their feedback to develop software rollout plan  o Completed software training and developed a staff training program  o Efficiently incorporated 3--5 new software and technology programs every month IT Project Manager BetterFinance - San Francisco, CA 2014 to 2015 Complex Intra--Office Phone System  o Held meetings with sales and marketing teams to assess requirements  o Met with consultants and managers to identify appropriate phone hardware to procure  o Established and configured complex hunt groups and interactive voice response networks  o Met with team managers weekly to re--assess dynamically changing requirements  o Administered and reconfigured phone network as needed  o Automated documentation and call logging, making this an effective and flexible tool  ? Computer Imaging Program Streamlining  o Recognized inefficiency as new hires needed to wait a day for their laptop to be configured  o Analyzed the process and identified bottlenecks  o Collaborated with managers to implement time saving improvements in both procedures and hardware  o Reduced time needed to onboard new employees from 9 hours to 30 minutes  ? Inventory Tracking  o Recognized that as a company rapidly grew, current asset tag inventory management system was  inefficient  o Consulted with CTO and vendors to establish a cloud managed system  o Implemented and administered remote tracking and management of hardware internationally Curriculum Training Project Manager American Red Cross, American Heart Association - San Francisco, CA 2000 to 2014 Planned, scheduled and conducted 10 trainings per week teaching lifesaving skills and certifying doctors, medical  professionals and members of the public. Issued official certifications through the American Heart Association and the American Red Cross.  ? Developed curriculum and delivered sessions to 3,000 plus professionals per year. Interfaced with clients to determine  appropriate content as well as logistics and scheduling customizing content and style according to their particular  needs. Clients included Chevron, UCSF Medical Center, Stanford University, Bank of America, Sprint, City of San  Francisco, Girl Scouts of America, AAA, Southern Pacific, PG&E, etc. Education Bachelor of Science in (BS), Policy Analysis & Planning University of California - Davis, CA Certificate of Achievement in Computer Science City College of San Francisco PMP - Project Management Professional certification in Project Management Project Management Institute Skills PMP Links http://linkedin.com/in/michael--d--lyons Certifications/Licenses PMP Project Management Professional