Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager - First National Bank PROFESSIONAL PROFILE    A result-driven and experienced Project Manager (PMP certified and CDA certified) with over 7 years' experience managing complex IT projects in corporate and consulting environments. A Project Manager who offers extensive experience in meeting challenging organisational goals and objectives and maintains the highest standards of service excellence always. Commercially aware, with sound understanding of what drives a successful project with a clear focus on well-organised and concise management approach. I bring real-world experience of turning projects that are struggling around, developing successful project plans, communicating expectations clearly, and encouraging team enthusiasm, even in the late stages of the project cycle. Strong business acumen, effective interpersonal relations and communication talent, with the ability to develop strategic alliances at all levels of the organisation, adding a remarkable value to the company. Goal-driven leader who maintains a productive climate and confidently motivates, mobilizes, and coaches employees to meet high performance standards. I am a personable professional whose strengths include cultural sensitivity and an ability to build rapport with a diverse workforce in multicultural settings.    CAREER HIGHLIGHTS:    ? Bytes Documents Solutions: Successfully completed a major project; the ABSA IP Remediation. This involved the migration of all ABSA branches and campuses corporate offices nationally from ABSA to Barclay's network.  ? FNB: Successfully completed Pin Services project in the branch network, which was replacing crypto devices that had reached end of life and no longer supported and the enhancement to the security layer from Master Session to DUKPT. Implementation of DUKPT for chip card functions and change pin on Magstripe cards. Led teams across broad technical, financial and business disciplines. Focused teams on business objectives and tracked progress to ensure project milestones were completed on time, on budget and with the desired results.  ? Honoured with a project recognition certificate from POP CIO for the Pin Services project for delivering a flawless product in production.    PROFESSIONAL STRENGTHS:    ? Show appreciation for contributions and achievements  ? Leadership acumen: building and leading cross functional tasks.  ? Expert planning and organisational management.  ? Critical thinking and problem solving.  ? Strong relationship building talent, negotiation and persuasion skills, as well as conflict and resolution management capabilities.  ? Effectively commit resources of staff, funds and time    ? Stakeholder communication and management.  ? Leadership and Management  ? Experienced in Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) as a project manager.  ? Excellent verbal and written etiquette.  ? Detail orientated, adhering to quality standards.  ? Thrives under pressurised environments and easily adapts to change.  ? Develop a climate providing motivation, participation and opportunities for employee initiative Work Experience Project Manager First National Bank April 2016 to Present Key Roles & Accountabilities:  ? Plans, manages and coordinates cross-functional activities/tasks to define, develop, deliver and monitor project to achieve business objectives.  ? Defines the project scope, goals and deliverables, subsequently supporting business goals in collaboration with senior management and stakeholders.  ? Accountable for the development of cost-effective project plans, including an accurate articulation of project objectives, as well as prompt communication thereof with all team members and stakeholders.  ? Spearheads the project development process from conceptualisation to completion.  ? Conducts staff management and mentoring operations; mentored staff methodology and consulting excellence, and successfully encourages best practice in project management and planning.  ? Maintains project management processes; schedule, quality, communication, human resource, cost, procurement, risks/issues, as well as change management innovations.  ? Participates in occasional negotiations in collaboration with other departments for additional labour acquisition advances.  ? In charge of building solid relationships with stakeholders at multiple levels and externally to the organisation.  ? Project-managed complex projects and multiple projects at once. Some outlined below:  ? Implemented PIN Services project that replaced crypto devices that had reached end of life and no longer supported and the enhancement to the security layer from Master Session to DUKPT. Implementation of DUKPT for chip card functions and change pin on Magstripe cards. I project-managed the software development lifecycle of the application and we delivered a flawless product in production. The implementation of the project reduced the minutes in serving the customer and saving costs for the bank. I was a lead Project Manager working with other 5 business units, 3 Java developers, 1 System Analyst, 1 Business analyst, 1 Solutions Architect, 1 Risk Manager, 1 Tests Analysts, 1 Database Administrator, 1 Desktop Image Technical Specialist,1 Change Manager and 1 Learning and Development Manager.  ? Implemented Eco Dashboard project that allows business to have a view of the impact the IT Infrastructure has on the branches servicing FNB customers and facilitates a single view to IT support teams to speed up resolution. These reduce the downtime in the branch environment by proactively dispatching technicians or application support to resolve the impacted service area.  ? Implemented Sign Pad: Display Contract Name project aims to put a message naming/describing the product that is being authorized by the customer on the signature pad. This ensured that we are treating the customer fairly and being transparent with all products sold to and services rendered for the customer.  ? Implemented Electronic Time and Attendance project that replaced manual Attendance Registers in the branch environment with a biometric solution that is facilitated by OFV and automated end to end through myBI. Project-managed all the software development lifecycle (SDLC) of the application and delivered a system that saved business fruitless expenditure. I worked with 1 Java developer, 1 .Net developer, 1 System Analyst, 1 Business analyst, 1 Solutions Architect, 1 Risk Manager, 1 Tests Analysts, 4 Performance Testers, 1 Database Administrator, 1 Desktop Image Technical Specialist, 1 Change Manager and 1 Learning and Development Manager.  ? Branch Suspense Account is a project aimed at migrating the Branch GL Recons from Intellimatch to Infogix in the branch environment.  ? Implemented Retention and Destruction of documents in branches is a project aimed at reducing storage cost by reducing the retention periods and destructing any documents that their retention period have lapsed.  ? Removal of Deposit Slips in Branch is a project aimed at removing deposit slips in branch environment.  ? Karabo Chip and Pin enablement is a project aimed at enabling chip and pin reading for transact.    EMPLOYMENT HISTORY SYNOPSIS Project Manager Bytes Document Solutions February 2012 to May 2015 Key Roles: Plans, manages and coordinates cross-functional activities/tasks to define, develop, deliver and monitor project to achieve business objectives Defines the project scope, goals and deliverables, subsequently supporting business goals in collaboration with senior management and stakeholders Accountable for the development of cost-effective project plans, including an accurate articulation of project objectives, as well as prompt communication thereof with all team members and stakeholders Spearheads the project development process from conceptualisation to completion Maintains project management processes; schedule, quality, communication, human resource, cost, procurement, risks/issues, as well as change management innovations In charge of building solid relationships with stakeholders at multiple levels and externally to the organisation. Project Manager Tipp Focus Group October 2011 to January 2012 Key Roles: Performed same duties as detailed above. Project Manager Siemens IT Solutions and Services July 2009 to March 2011 Key Roles: Developed, executed, monitored and revised project plans and budget of assigned projects to achieve business objectives Directed and coordinated activities of projects to ensure that goals and objectives of projects are accomplished within prescribed time frame and funding parameters and in line with business objectives Managed and updated all project documentation Project planning Weekly and monthly project status reports, minutes taking and project documentation distribution Administered and controlled project budget, scope, risks, opportunities, change and claims Oversaw project resources and administrative support for the project team Quality Control Project communication and stakeholder management Planned, organized and supported project meetings and workshops. Project Administrator for Supply Chain Accenture June 2008 to April 2009 Junior Project Manager Siemens IT Solutions and Services October 2007 to May 2008 Siemens IT Solutions and Services October 2006 to May 2008 Siemens IT Solutions and Services October 2006 to September 2007 IT Project Administrator Siemens IT Solutions and Services May 2006 to September 2006 Till Operator Woolworths May 2005 to April 2006 New Clicks South Africa April 2004 to April 2005 Education B. Sc in Comp.Sc Rosebank College 2006 Senior Certificate in Matric University of Durban - Westville, KwaZulu-Natal 2003 Project Management Methodologies and Tools Khamane High School 1997 Skills Project development, Project plans, Proposals, Liaison, Quality control, Budget Additional Information PROJECT MANAGEMENT SKILLS:    ? Total understanding and extensive experience pertaining to the complex components of administering a project.  ? Directs and oversees high-level deliverables across the overall project development, from conception to completion/hand-over.  ? Defines project objectives and oversees the quality control throughout its lifecycle in support of minimizing the company's exposure and risk across multiple projects.  ? Strategically designs comprehensive project plans and the associated communication documents.  ? Plans and schedules project timelines and milestones using the appropriate tools.  ? Drafts and submits accurate budget proposals, and recommends subsequent budget changes, as and when required.  ? Carries out professional liaison with company's technical resources to ensure the accurate solution is delivered on time.