Principal Project Manager Principal <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Principal Project Manager - Project Solutions Now Coral Springs, FL Work Experience Principal Project Manager Project Solutions Now - Coral Springs, FL May 2018 to Present • Gathered requirements and baselined project plan to launch re-labelled beauty products.  • Documented e-Commerce steps. Validated software test cases and successfully piloted launch.  • Procurement Phase for five products finalized. Product costing and shipping process approved.  • Launch on hold. Business stakeholder ill; new business lead and engineer start Sept, '19. Senior IT Project Manager Teva / Allegan Pharmaceuticals - Sunrise, FL April 2015 to April 2018 • Led Empower 3 software upgrade in Ireland and Greece. Generated $80,000 in new sales.  • During Allergan / Teva transition, identified software applications being acquired by Teva and co-developed multi-site applications transition plan. Prioritized validations and executed them per plan.  • Employed good PMO and Agile practices and met >85% of process standardization goals. Senior Project Manager Av Med Health Plans - Miami, FL August 2014 to December 2014 • Led stakeholders establishing scope and delivering (a) Standard and (b) 65+ plans for 2015.  • Assessed Medicare and Medicaid billing entitlements identifying add-on revenue opportunities.  • Cash flow analysis leveraged assessment. Profit projections for Q1, 2015 increased by 5%. Senior IT Project Manager Broward Sherriff's Office - Fort Lauderdale, FL February 2014 to July 2014 • Led PeopleSoft HCM upgrade. Developed test plans; executed phase one. Met timeline / budget.  • Conducted Fit-Gap analysis; acquired management approval for Fit-Plus recommendations.  • Worked on non-HCM initiatives i.e. project planning, rollout and risk management reviews    www.linkedin.com/in/tariqbhatty/  954-931-3095  Coral Springs, FL 33071 tbhatty@gmail.com    EXPERIENCE (Continued) Corporate Project Manager Conmed Medical Devices - Largo, FL January 2013 to January 2014 • Led GS-1 software validation and labeling initiative. Integrated Oracle-based labelling software with internal application. Worked with design and production. Saved $1.2M in non-compliance costs.  • Applied hybrid Agile / Waterfall methods on a project via kickoff / training as team know-how varied. Healthcare Product Manager MedSys Inc - Pembroke Pines, FL June 2012 to December 2012 • Coordinated project management and product development activities for the DocPad EMR system.  • Co-authored test plans with off-shore vendors in India. Managed plan execution and issue resolution. Senior Project Manager / Scrum Master Johnson and Johnson - Miami, FL September 2010 to May 2012 • Determined scope, budget and deliverables for software validation and label conversion to GS-1. Project delivered on-time saving $1M in non-compliance costs. Partnered with Enlabel (vendor).  • On phase two of GS-1 project, transitioned from PM to Scrum Master role. Lead, Performance Improvement University of Miami Sylvester Cancer Hospital - Miami, FL July 2008 to August 2010 • Led performance improvement team that justified Epic EMR implemented across the university.  • Worked with IT on gathering data, formulating software test plans and overseeing their execution.  • Presented Obamacare summary to C-level staff including impact on Medicare / Medicaid activities. Corporate Manager, Project Management Office xG Technology - Fort Lauderdale, FL October 2007 to July 2008 • Led transition from non-PMO organization to one with functioning PMO. Group included quality dept.  • Executed project plans for two new products (TX60 portable radio and BSN2000 base station).  • Shipped 2008 products per forecast and met $900,000 in customer commitments. Program Manager, Product Development Motorola - Plantation, FL September 1996 to March 2007 • Launched the first Motorola rugged mobile phone that met military blowing rain and dust specs.  • Coordinated design improvements on two mobile phones. Saved $150K over six months.  • Used Six Sigma, PMBOK and CMMI practices to deliver cost improvements - saved $120K.  • Championed on-time Texas to Florida transfer of factory enabling shipments of $1.9M Education Masters in Industrial Engineering in Industrial Engineering University of Miami - Coral Gables, FL Masters in Business Administration in Business Administration Florida International University - Miami, FL Bachelors in Mechanical Engineering in Mechanical Engineering Engineering University - Lahore, PK Project Management Professional PMI and George Washington University Skills PMO set-up (9 years), Vendor management (8 years), Project and Product Management (10+ years), Waterfall, hybrid and SCRUM projects (6 years), • Mentors project managers on the use of PM methodologies (governance; best practices). (8 years), Executing Healthcare and Technology projects (8 years) Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/tariqbhatty Certifications/Licenses PMP May 1999 to May 2021 Project Management Institute Certified SCRUM Master July 2015 to December 2020 Scrum Alliance Masters Certificate in Project Management January 2000 to Present George Washington University Six Sigma Green Belt February 2007 to Present Motorola University. Coursework completed for Black Belt CMMI Assessor April 2006 to Present Motorola University Additional Information AREAS OF EXPERTISE  • Ascertain PMO set-up and business requirements; build teams; manage risks, issues and changes.  • Lead new and software change projects including re-validating applications in different environments.  • Applying Agile / Scrum methods to transition from Waterfall on product and software projects.  • Create, process and execute vendor management plans. Align internal plans with vendor SOWs.  • Mentors project managers on the use of PM methodologies- includes governance and best practices.  • Excellent interpersonal and influencing skills. Strong strategic, tactical and analytical abilities.