Present Contractor Present Contractor Present Contractor - Verizon Data Services LLC Tulsa, OK Work Experience Present Contractor Verizon Data Services LLC - Tulsa, OK June 2019 to Present Client Account Manager Project Management    ? Coordinated support to UAT, Development, Testing and Production teams to meet deadlines and not missing targets  ? Work with Jira to schedule Sprints, Stories, Task and Subtask so Management would know the status  ? Demonstrated the Agile and Scrum processes for implementing projects.  ? Scheduled meetings, created Agendas, process actions items, resource follow-ups for task that needed to be completed, created implementation plans and completed projects.  ? Planned and implemented projects that required code to be introduced to new and existing environments for upgrades. Planned infrastructure projects that consisted of replacing all network ports and cables in multiple data centers. Senior IT Project Manager Verizon Data Services LLC - Tulsa, OK October 1999 to June 2018 Coordinated the design, development, implementation support, and optimization  of infrastructure systems that enable and support business and engineering  functions.  ? Planned infrastructure projects that consisted of replacing all network ports and cables in multiple data centers.  ? Creation of internal processes and ISO documents.  ? Lead Project Manager over the following database upgrades: MySQL, Oracle, and DB2.  ? Managed multiple Application teams that placed into production new server environments (Test, Development, Production and Disaster Recovery), which supported multiple Application Team requirements.  ? Completed Tivoli Storage Manager (TSM) to Infinidat storage migrations with Tier3 Backups on over 4,000 application (Powerbroker, Identity Manager, Enterprise Resource Planning, and System Application Products) servers.  ? Managed multiple operating system upgrades (Windows, Redhat Linux, HP, AIX).  ? Provided PM support for mandatory middleware migrations to Oracle WebLogic, Sun One/iPlanet Webserver, IBM WebSphere MQ, IBM Connect Direct, and Borland Visibroker.    ? Researched, analyzed, recommended, and implemented infrastructure  technology plans based upon the customer's organizational strategic direction.  ? Monitored and ensured resolution of performance issues.  ? Reported weekly status to Management.  ? Provided on a rotation basis Release Management assistance during change controls.  ? Mentor for new team members.    PROJECTS COMPLETED  • Worked with Applications to Developed Service Level Agreement  • Implemented the new TCOMS Verizon Billing System in the environment  • Developed and Implemented Release Plan every third weekend  • Coordinated and Replaced Storage, CPU and Memory hardware in server including the new server in the environment  • Installed and upgraded OS, Software and Database applications  • Implemented Third party Software on servers  • Implemented and Replaced Security Software  • Replace EOSL servers in Datacenter  • Upgraded Cables and Ports in the Datacenter  • Datacenter Migration  • Arranged NetBackup to be installed on server  • Replaced Storage Arrays on servers to EMC  • Implemented Disaster Recovery Servers into the Environment  • Trained IT team in ISO requirements  • Trained IT team in IQMS requirements Education Bachelor of Science SOUTHEASTERN OKLAHOMA STATE UNIVERSITY - Durant, OK Additional Information Senior Project Manager with 20+ years of experience  Experienced Senior Information Technology Project Manager/Scrum Master professional with a demonstrated history of working in the telecommunications industry. Skilled in Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Project, Google G Suite, JIRA, ERP, Research, Organizational Leadership, and strong Program / Project Management skills. I used the PMP methodologies for my work at Verizon.