IT Program Manager - Legacy Information System Sustainment <span class="hl">IT</span> Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> - Legacy Information System Sustainment IT Program Manager - Legacy Information System Sustainment - MSI Mission Systems, Texas, CONUS Luling, TX Work Experience IT Program Manager - Legacy Information System Sustainment MSI Mission Systems, Texas, CONUS July 2018 to Present • 07/2018 to PRESENT  A trusted provider of mission critical Intelligence and Information Technology solutions to support DoD's defense posture and augmenting Warfighters' needs.  IT Program Manager - Legacy Information System Sustainment (LISS) - Randolph AFB HQ AETC  Develops, plans, and integrates campus IT and Cyber systems. Performs mission review with customers for architectural integration and impact on IT infrastructure.  Implements IT system projects. Maintains documents on implementing IT systems. Verifies availability of project funding.  Manages IT System contracts. Administratively manages IT system contracts. Manages the development of statements of work and performance work statements. IT Director, Plans and Programs - 51 Comm Squadron US DOD, Guam / Korea, OCONUS June 2014 to October 2017 6/2014 to 10/2017  Provides lethal Joint Force to defend the security of our country and sustain American influence abroad.  IT Director, Plans and Programs - 51 Comm Squadron / SCX Plans and Programs (PMO)  Charged with managing and leading wide range of operations, including development of policies and techniques governing command-wide decisions on telecommunication systems. Organized and evaluated telecommunications projects as a Senior Scrum Master utilizing AGILE values and principles as well as utilizing PMI / waterfall best practices. Served as PMO Lead/Senior Technical Advisor for WAN telecommunications. Handled installation, modification, software life cycle releases, legacy support, and maintenance, and supported new and legacy telecommunications and IT systems. IT Program Manager - Long Range Planning LOCKHEED MARTIN, Kuwait, OCONUS December 2011 to August 2013 12/2011 to 8/2013  An American global aerospace, defense, security and advanced technologies company with worldwide interests.  IT Program Manager - Long Range Planning  Oversaw and led communication systems efforts at two Air Bases in Kuwait. Provided program vision and leadership in planning, development and implementation of communication systems projects utilizing a varied project management approach utilizing AGILE and waterfall depending on the business relations stake-holders methodology requirements. Collaborate closely with SMEs and external agencies to track and execute newly developed project plans while organizing meetings for task/delivery order. IT Project Manager - Country Wide TRIBALCO LLC, Korea / Afghanistan, Out of State July 2009 to December 2011 • 7/2009 to 12/2011  A global systems integrator providing mission-critical information technology, telecommunications, and soldier survival solutions to government and commercial customers worldwide  IT Project Manager - Country Wide  Provided technology vision and leadership in planning, development and implementation for cross functional, mission critical, complex projects. Distributed results within official budget on approved time schedule. Collaborated with cross functional team consisting of Functional Managers, Project Management Steering Committee Members, Executive    Sponsor, and other project stakeholders to create and maintain actionable project schedules isolating key milestones, deliverables, outcomes, dependencies and effort. Held responsible for project management for ISAF and NATO AORs supporting Operating Enduring Freedom. IT Project Manager / IT Program Manager APPTIS TECHNOLOGIES, Guam / Iraq, Out of State November 2005 to May 2009 • 11/2005 to 5/2009  A global systems integrator providing mission-critical information technology, telecommunications, and soldier survival solutions to government and commercial customers worldwide  IT Project Manager / IT Program Manager - Country Wide  Oversaw LAN and WAN level Construction OSP/ISP Program and Project Management for Pacific Air Forces throughout PACRIM Theater. Acted as Infrastructure SME. Delivered technical expertise to internal / external customers. Generated and executed Network Design Topologies, new network services, and networking systems. Facilitated hardware (PLCP) and software (SDLP) roll outs. Education Project Management Professional Austin Peay State University Skills Telecommunications, Distribution design, Black belt, Pmp, Prince2, Risk management, Portfolio management, Federal acquisition Additional Information PMP, CLSSBB, Prince 2 Agile, AAPM - Agile, CSM – Scrum, BMP, CRCM, CPRM, CCCP, CASP, Sec+, CITM, ITILv3