System Architect & QAD Developer System Architect &amp; QAD Developer System Architect & QAD Developer Menifee, CA Executive Summary:  Management experiences  Joe Lin  CA 404-640-7453 JoeLinWeb@gmail.com    • Hard-working and dependable IT professional with 15 years experiences in IT system implementation, support and business workflow analysis.  • 7 years IT project experience within depth PMP certified, proven ability to deliver high quality IT products and services on schedule and within budget.  • 10 years Business process improvement & Intelligent report architecture experiences. Adept at contributing to team effort in all aspects of the system life cycle.  • Excellent analytical and problem-solving / conflict-solving skills with proven ability to hit the ground running.    14.5 Years - IT department  4 Years - Marketing/Sales - International Trading    Management experiences  - 11 Years ITS Department Leader, 8 Years Project Manager  - Handle Multi-Country Team Members in Project  - Handle e-Government's Project: 5 million / per year and driving 3 years    License: PMP Certificate (2006-2013)  PMP #: 432467 Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience System Architect & QAD Developer The Magna Corp September 2015 to July 2019 1. EDI configuration in QAD & Solidat, Updating and upgrade patch of EAM & QAD  2. Implement and Design data warehouse drill down application via Cyber Query and Power BI.  3. Critique and improve accuracy and flow of technical documentation through interaction with manufacturing, engineering and R&D associates.  4. Implement CEBOS system for QC and Engineering Department.  5. Be a Project Manager of upgrade QAD 2011SE to 2014EE. IT Project Manager The Hamida Pharma Inc - Lake Forest, CA, US March 2012 to August 2015 • Managed intranet work including: E-commerce services and training, e-learning services  • Hands on experience in all aspects of building a user interactive, secure, e-commerce website utilizing Java applets, HTML and Java script programming.  • E-commerce market: North Europe, North Africa, Asia    • Applies knowledge and skills to a wide range of standard and non-standard situations.  • Translates user needs into clinical product requirements  • Provided leadership in the implementation and support of factory automation, data management and shop floor systems.    • EDI configuration in QAD & E-commerce, Updating and upgrade patch of QAD IT Project Manager The OPTOPLEX Corporation - Fremont, CA August 2011 to February 2012 • Work with key business stakeholders and PMO leaders to define a delivery strategy and roadmaps  • Planned and developed methods and procedures for implementing program.  • Reviewed, evaluated, and approved specifications for ERP system supplier.  • Work with internal constituents to understand business requirements and goals, and help EPIC ERP system capture the strategy roadmap. CIO The JMART Department Store Group Enterprise - Taipei, TW November 2010 to April 2011 • Determined boundaries and priorities of new POS system and discussed system capacity and equipment acquisitions.  • Planned and developed methods and procedures for BI program  • Business Discovery  • Analyzed data processing requirements to plan data processing system that will provide capabilities required for projected workloads.  • Conferred with data processing and project managers to obtain information on the limitations of existing system.    • Data Warehouse Logical and Data Modeling  • ETL Structure process define  • Hardware networking / backup/ recovery deployment.    • Financial validation.  • Accounting code control rule validation.  • Financial process improvement. Senior Program Manager The HYWEB Technology Co., LTD June 2007 to November 2010 • Responsible for the Government IT software and hardware improvement  • Preparing RFP/RFQ for Government department tender issue  • Budget Issues. 5 millions / per year and driving 3 years  • 5 to 7 Projects per years, Have to finish and delivering object in 7 month from Initial to close phase.    • Supervised planning and execution of the program  • Control Project schedule process, Resolving conflict.  • ICT center Technical support including (Level 2 & Level3 )    • Work with key business stakeholders to define a delivery strategy and roadmaps  • Managed a 55 person's team performing ICT center implementation.  • Successfully handled e-Government system:  Saint Lucia:  • ICT data center deploy infrastructure deployment.  • e-Gov System Implementation  • DMV system  • Criminal information System  • Agriculture Resource System  • Civil Status Registry System    Saint Kitts:  • ICT center infrastructure Build up  • e-Gov System Implementation:  • e-Mail System  • Country Root DNS(Domain Name service) build up  • Government Web Portal  • Hospital of Government system    Saint Vincent:  The Criminal information system    Belize:  • ICT center building construction and infrastructure deploy.  • e-Gov System Implementation:  • Government Web Portal  • Database System of Supply Control Unit  • Archives Information Management System  • Database System of Investment Unit Senior Program Manager The KHS Group Enterprise - Taipei, TW March 2003 to August 2006 SCM/CRM/EDI: Handled "SAP-to-QAD Data Migration Project in Germany.  • Developed SAP-To-QAD Data Migration & EDI Process.  • Implement SAP SCM system: Germany and The KHS subsidiaries EDI (Customer order <-> Subcontract order) Process.  • Developed Germany and Headquarter KHS Finance Consolidate Process.    Implement QAD whole system for KHS's five subsidiaries in China within one year.  • To Implement distribution /Manufacturing / Financials modules  • Writing UAT specs, performing Business process testing, documenting Lesson learn.  • Establishing business flow fit into Mfg/QAD system flow    Implement e-Business Process Work Flow (BPM)  • Developed Enterprise Business Consolidate Process  • Developed Work Flow Project Management Plan  • Identify process modeling As-Is and Design To-Be Blueprint  • Improved 20 business process, cost down more than one million.    Developed and Implement Data Warehouse BI system  • Establishing Data Migration and Exchange Platform  • ETL / Data integration: Designed Data Mining rule and import data migrating process.  • Defined and Create Enterprise High-Level Management Report  • Establishing Business object  • DW & BI system Integrating SAP/QAD/Oracle(HR)/AX/Hyperion Database    Human resource system implementation  • Migrating Wang system(payroll) to New HR system(Oracle)  • Handle HR system implementation project.    TECHNICAL PORTFOLIO Education Bachelor of Industry Engineering in Education Chung Yuan Christian University - Taipei, TW Skills Linux, HTML, Progress (10+ years) Additional Information Methodologies Project Management Body of Knowledge  PMI member.  Software Engineering Management  Data Mining  Progress SQL Designer    Platforms Unix  Microsoft Windows  Linux, Novel Suse  Novell Netware  Databases Microsoft SQL Server 2003up  Sybase ASE Oracle Database  Progress  DB2    ERP QAD / SAP / Axapta / Hyperion  Production Planning (PP)  Sales Distribution (SD)  Finance & Accounting (FA)    EAI & BPM Brog Business E-Flow  CorVu Business Intelligence Ware Crystal Reports(Microsoft & SAP) SQL Server Reporting Services    Programming Languages Object Pascal (Using Borland Delphi)  Unix & Mainframe COBOL  Unix Shell  Microsoft WinScript  Microsoft SQL  Visual Foxpro  Sybase Power Builder Progress 4GL    Technologies Database Mining & deployment  Process Clustering Design  Network Security Design  Business Process Improve