Worley - IT PMO Project Manager - Americas (Consultant) Worley - <span class="hl">IT</span> PMO <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> - Americas (Consultant) Houston, TX • Certified IT Project Management Professional with over 13 years' experience.  • Waterfall, Agile - Scrum Methodology.  • Excellent Attention to detail and Team member liaison.  • Diverse IT project management experience (utilities, oil and gas, construction, media, retail and tech sector)  • Extensive IT project management experience with complex, multi-phase technology deliverables.  • Experience managing project budgets, issues / risks and project plans.  • Experience working in client environments interacting with external development vendors.  • Ability to build collaborative and high performing teams.  • Strong communications skills, both written and verbal.  • Ability to work with senior leaders.  • Comfortable in a changing environment. Work Experience Worley - IT PMO Project Manager - Americas (Consultant) February 2019 to Present Managing Skype for Business Enterprise Voice over IP to WP Global users. Full Suite roll-out including Voice/Audio conferencing, Room/Device booking, Skype for Business Mobile Apps/ Soft Phones  ? Managing Global and Regional rollout of software application  ? Testing Data center environment, data migration  ? Responsible for the successful deployment of zScaler and the Enterprise Voice Projects  ? Managing successful transition of the ECR Service Desk into Worley environment.  ? Documenting (textual and graphical as appropriate), communicating, recommending and taking appropriate action to resolve risks and issues associated with security vulnerabilities across the customer IT environment  ? Coordinating, supporting deployment and implementation processes, workshop and risk review meetings  ? Managing and developing activities related to Operations Project Management such as planning, kick off, management, tracking and closure of Operations projects  ? Managing customer-facing project milestones, deliverables, and communication  ? Developing and communicating rollout plan to project teams, Leadership and Site Leads  ? Provide cross-functional coordination and team communications  ? Providing management level visibility and reporting on project status and risk  ? Serve as point of contact for project associated status and information  ? Utilize Operation information systems and update them regularly  ? Effectively use project management tools (spreadsheets, dashboards, etc) IT Project Manager (Consultant) Plexum Corporation April 2018 to February 2019 Responsible for successful deployment of multiple technical projects supporting the e-commerce drop ship product line for both internal and external business.  ? Developed, analyzed, and managed all touch points of the project plan including responsibility for scheduling, global resource forecasting, managing project financials, and providing input and justification for costs and budget impact.  ? Monitored the overall project performance (timeline, budget, and resource utilization) against plan and makes adjustments as needed when issues are identified and require resolution.  ? Assisted in the request for information (RFI), vendor request for proposal (RFP) processes as directed by IT Sourcing & in compliance with Organization policies.  ? Drove the work of assigned project team by requesting resources to support IT project demands and communicating a clear vision of project goals and objectives to the team.  ? Coordinated the team activities to ensure project milestones were achieved, provided performance feedback to team members' supervisors as appropriate and guidance on smaller less complex projects managed by IT Associate Project Managers  ? Managed, controlled, and mitigated project risks by identifying and analyzing trigger events, established contingency plans; anticipating dependencies affected by ongoing project changes, and recommending ways to mitigate future risks to management  ? Participated in formal and informal training to continuously develop technical capabilities and project management skill set, enabling progression  ? Reviewed and/or prepared status reports on key project performance metrics (i.e. deliverables, financials, duration, benefits) and/or provides data input for report preparation to Project Coordinators  ? Ensured the alignment, buy-in, and support of diverse project stakeholders by building and maintaining relationships with internal customers, third party vendors, and senior management  ? Applied technical knowledge in software development, database management, IT architecture, operating systems, etc. to ensure the alignment, buy-in, and support of diverse project stakeholders such as internal customers, third party vendors, and senior management  ? Accountable to the IT Portfolio Manager and Program Manager for the management, delivery and outcomes of assigned projects within the program. IT Project Manager (Consultant) Shell Oil and Gas June 2016 to April 2018 I worked within a major ERP in the Oil and Gas industry initiative affecting all projects and programs in the enterprise. The focus of the project was to plan, purchase, analyze data, human resource, management reporting and stakeholder engagement to ensure smooth operation and control measures to reduce inbound defect rate by 20%. Est. $50M.  ? Demonstrated influence with senior leaders and effective communication of program status.  ? Established credibility with key stakeholders.  ? Established strong working relationships with matrix project teams and outside suppliers.  ? Generated appropriate metrics and reporting, tracked financials and ensured proper staffing for teams.  ? Ensured alignment of program/ project scope and objectives with the organization's strategic objectives.  ? Obtained agreement on project scope from applicable stakeholders across business and technology partners.  ? Ensured that all project deliverables and success criteria were identified.  ? Ensured that resources were acquired to meet project requirements, escalated for assistance where gaps existed.  ? Monitored and reported progress throughout the project life cycle using appropriate project planning and scheduling tools.  ? Conducted reviews of budget variances with applicable stakeholders to identify causes and develop options for resolution.  ? Ensured that all project deliverables were on track throughout the project lifecycle and took appropriate action when needed.  ? Drove resolution of open issues and mitigate potential risks to program delivery.  ? Identified root causes of substandard project outcomes and recommend appropriate resolutions. Analyzed project outcomes and made appropriate recommendations to improve project quality going forward (e.g., stakeholder satisfaction, lessons learned). Portfolio Delivery Manager (Consultant) Centrica Plc July 2014 to May 2016 Assessed and supported the prioritization of IT and Infrastructure projects based on defined criteria and established IT roadmap and the single point of contact for IT projects and IT investment across the group based on the assessment of potential benefits, cost considerations, resource allocation, dependencies and risks. Launched a digitized filling system that led to an increase in efficiency for all workstreams by 20% on average. Est. £20M  ? Provided subject matter expertise across many disciplines, capabilities, services, technologies, and systems  ? Supported the portfolio management process from demand intake through portfolio selection  ? Collaborated with business and IT leadership to properly align project portfolio with strategic business priorities and objectives.  ? Leveraged matured existing portfolio planning and related financial discipline.  ? Provided forecasts for financial, physical and human resource needs required to meet established portfolio objectives.  ? Ensured the full portfolio is delivered within the defined scope, schedule, and budget as planned.  ? Managed all portfolio artifacts, decisions, communications, metrics and reporting.  ? Led and managed projects or programs as needed.  ? Ensured that projects within the assigned portfolio are executed under the PMO's strategic guidelines and standards, development methodology and governance practices through all project lifecycle phases.  ? Helped maintain portfolio and project governance practices and controls.  ? Developed and implemented new leading practices, standards, processes, procedures tools and templates to optimize project delivery.  ? Led, managed and developed a team of Project Managers and Business Analysts.  ? Coached and mentored direct reports on portfolio and project management best practices.  ? Assisted direct reports with identifying project issues, developing problem-solving strategies and making solution recommendations.  ? Worked with HR and staffing agencies as needed to recruit talent required to deliver projects.  ? Provided coaching and support to the organization on PMO tools, methodology and metrics.  ? Ensured team understood customer needs and delivered the expected outcomes.  ? Defined specific improvement actions and training needs to improve collaborative development and project results.  ? Worked with HR and staffing agencies as needed to recruit talent required to deliver projects.  ? Provided coaching and support to the organization on PMO tools, methodology and metrics. British Telecoms - IT Project Manager (Consultant) LSP NHS March 2014 to July 2014 Decommissioned BLT LSP Environment within the LSP NHS Health Program and Championed a team of 15 employees with the planning, scheduling and organization of all services within the Decommissioning function necessary to perform work scopes within 3 months instead of the projected 6 months. Est. £8M.  ? Provided technical direction to engineering projects and services in an assigned area, from design to start-up.  ? Ensured that the project is on schedule, is high quality, is within determined budget, and meets the measures of success (MOS) and the high-level achievements (HLA).  ? Accountable for timely project completion and delivery.  ? Input into scope packages, identify roles/responsibilities, and deliverables for day to day projects.  ? Developed the project delivery schedule which included identification and logical sequencing of activities required to complete deliverables and to identify critical paths.  ? Input and communication of project plans, project status and issues to all stakeholders (including executive management and project team. Engaged guidance from mentors as appropriate.  ? Performed monitoring and controlling functions - monitored and acted upon project metrics, develops and manages the project plan, business case, resource plan, etc.  ? Oversaw project from beginning to end, includes all documentation and communication with stakeholders, inter-team coordination and/or multi-discipline or multi-business unit coordination.  ? Managed the project team by providing leadership and coordination of all engaged functional groups, including analysts, developers, testers, production support teams, business clients, etc.  ? Managed project risks, issues and escalations by identifying and escalating to leadership for assistance in applying mitigation strategies to project plan to ensure overall project success.  ? Led and organized cross functional teams.  ? Input all necessary data for project tracking and planning.  ? Utilized appropriate project management tools, e.g., MS Project, Excel, etc.  ? Managed process compliance and provided input to incremental process improvements with the use of lessons learned and other project process tools. IT PMO Manager (Consultant) March 2013 to February 2014 Managed the application technology "Platform for Growth" Program, established a personalized approach on projects that increased the capabilities of an Oracle core system implementation in line with the evolving needs of the business by 10%. Est. £80M  ? Ensured project implementation aligned with strategic plan throughout the lifecycle of project.  ? Developed long and short-term goals for PM to improve project management processes.  ? Assisted in budget preparation for strategic and organizational projects.  ? Participated as an active member in Project Review Committee (PRC) to include the following responsibilities: maintaining effective project governance; authority to approve, deny, suspend and cancel projects, review high-level decisions on major projects, determine if projects are meeting strategic objectives, resource oversight, appropriate and consistent communication to organization, review projects "at risk"  ? Provided exceptional service to all members, volunteers, internal employees, and service providers.  ? Prepared necessary project documentation to include project phase documents, project plan, business owner updates  ? Prepared sustainability and ownership recommendations for completed projects and products.  ? Provided written updates to executive leadership on project progress and deadlines.  ? Followed-up and resolved problem situations related to projects managed.  ? Partnered with line of business leaders to develop/prioritize strategic projects and ensures alignment with business needs.  ? Provided project leadership for strategic initiatives and drives project planning, resourcing, risk mitigation, and ongoing monitoring/management to ensure successful execution of projects supporting client's strategic plan  ? Managed written and verbal communication with project stakeholders and team members.  ? Promoted the project management process to improve the effectiveness by training and mentoring Senior Staff.  ? Acted as project lead on multiple, concurrent projects.  ? Assumed primary ownership for the projects assigned and works with various departments to achieve these project objectives.  ? Developed and maintained effective working relationships with SLT, Senior Staff, and staff through regular communication.  ? Followed-up and resolved problem situations related to projects managed.  ? Developed processes to support continued improvement of project execution and communication of new products and projects.  ? Prepared and made presentations as necessary. Business Analyst / Project Manager (Consultant) Thames Water Utilities October 2012 to January 2013 Benefit Realization Program" - Supported and assisted in the delivery of program management office services as part of the Transformation and Change department. Responsible for helping assure the delivery of projects within assigned portfolio to the anticipated cost, quality and time-scale to ultimately ensure that maximum benefit was delivered. Est. £10M worth of savings.  ? Used a disciplined approach for introducing and managing changes to organizations.  ? Worked across all levels of an organization and may be involved in everything from defining strategy, to creating the enterprise architecture, to taking a leadership role by defining the goals and requirements for programs;  ? Brought values in realization of benefits, avoidance of cost, identification of new opportunities, understanding of required capabilities and modeling the organization.  ? Monitored project progress by tracking activity; resolving problems; publishing progress reports; recommending actions.  ? Maintained system protocols by writing and updating procedures.  ? Applied critical thinking for problem solving and strategic planning.  ? Contributed to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed. Centrica Energy - Program Support Lead (Consultant) Data Centers March 2011 to October 2012 Worked on a key Information Systems Transformation Program, migrating Data Centers to a new service provider based on the need for overall improvements in performance and reliability of Desktop Services and Server estate to enable faster deployments, a platform for rapid business change and increased stability of core systems by 45%.  ? Developed and maintained project schedules, goals and communications.  ? Tracked program status and schedules.  ? Prepared PowerPoint presentations, reports, and documentation for program team and all levels of management.  ? Took ownership of program processes and deliverables, as determined by leadership team  ? Exercised critical thinking and independent judgment on program strategy.  ? Organized program documentation on SharePoint project site.  ? Maintained functional checklists & deliverables.  ? Performed follow-ups on key deliverables.  ? Organized program recurring meetings and associated agendas.  ? Assisted the program manager with relevant coordination activities.  ? Provided analytical support as needed in support of project financials & metrics. IT Project Deployment Coordinator (Consultant) Boots Plc October 2009 to March 2011 Decommissioned existing servers and PCs; deployed new server kits throughout the entire estate; planned and managed the upgrade phase of the Store Application (NexPhase & Smartscript) in 1800 Boots stores across the UK. Project Support Lead (Consultant) Electrical Contractors Association October 2008 to July 2009 Supported the deployment of an end-to-end e-commerce system, entailing the development of a B2B Online Ordering System and a Customer Relationship Management System CRM. The system also consisted of a web-based application and web service. PMO Analyst (Consultant) BBC Online June 2007 to September 2008 Software Deployment: Supported the implementation of dictation software across the key media centre for both the BBC and its partners, working in White City Media Centre. Currys - Project Analyst (Consultant) March 2006 to June 2007 Head-Office Migration of core system to SAP and branch-wide migration of OS to WinXP. Education BSc in Economics Queen Mary University of London Certificate in Project Management Enfield College Diploma in Business Management in Information Technology Infrastructure Library Lewisham College United Kingdom