IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager Clovis, CA To obtain a position where I can leverage my full strengths and longtime experience  handling high levels of responsibility, and balancing multiple tasks simultaneously, while  directly managing technology environments in the medical sector. Work Experience IT Project Manager St Joseph Health Care - Santa Rosa, CA January 2016 to May 2018 • EMR application upgrade and support, ARIA, Medinformatix, Touchworks, Meditech.  • Project Management, Data Center Decommissioning and application migration.  • Change Management, Access procurement and Problem resolution with in ITSM. IT Consultant CDA Systems - Livermore, CA June 2015 to January 2016 Manage strategic business operations, IT system integrations, Workflow  development.  • Budget planning, Sale and Service forecasting.  • Evaluate and purchase technology for testing and implementation for company  growth.  • Database management, windows server 2003-2012, ESC, QuickBooks and general software logistics.  • Develop policies and procedures, reduce waste and increase revenue.  • Provide reporting and detailed analysis, manage capital expenses on technology.  Make recommendations for future growth. Sr Epic Analyst John Muir Health - Walnut Creek, CA January 2014 to June 2015 Epic Go Live support, duties included command center operations, issue  resolution, post deployment support development.  • Application procedure and policy development.  • Epic support: Ambulatory, Community Connect, PB, Haiku/Canto.  • Contractor Training, analyst 1 & 2 training.  • Clinical support management: develop policies and procedures for clinical  application support that complies with federal regulation as well as HIPAA rules.  • Change Advisory Board: Managed and coordinated all change activity, CAB  schedule and agendas. Project Manager Kaiser Permanente April 2006 to 2014 Cerner Millennium Project: Project Manager for Laboratory deployments, including, hardware/software validations. Manage Contractor training and support  scheduling for hourly and salaried employees. 3-year project, 13 hospitals, 23  outpatient clinics.  • Point of Care: Abbott iSTAT conversion to Millennium Data Base validation.  • End to end procedure validations. Test and improve delivery method of lab test  output from Epic through all interfaced to Cerner Millennium, including Citrix ICA  stability testing.  • Go Live/Post deployment end user support.  • Streamline testing and validation methods for Test and Production environments.  • Post deployment support model development. "Steady State"    • Northern California Medical Centers: Epic KP Health Connect  Project - Lead Analyst- (Antioch, Fresno, Walnut Creek)  • Epic Support & Project Management (Kaisers Epic suite): Providing technical  support for Epic modules deployment including, ADT, Beacon, BedTime, Cadence, Prelude, Ambulatory, OpTime and Inpatient, MyChart, Resolute and Bridges.  • Go-Live lead: Injection Module release including workflow development, provider  training and production support.  • Go-Live lead: AACC Workflow development, provider and end user training for Fresno, Selma, Clovis and Oakhurst.  • Team Lead: designed and managed the 24 hours On-Call and monthly support  model for hours of operation. Setup the telecom support line.  • Metric Reporting: Created a reports to gather weekly, monthly and yearly support  data.  • Epic credentialed in Cadence, Ambulatory and ADT proficiency exams.  • Protocol Stream line: Developed and implemented Smart phrase to stream line the Encounter Nurse protocol for URI treatment. SR Telecom Analyst Bank of America June 2002 to March 2006 Onboarding Lead: Six-person team who redesigned the new associate setup  process reducing over all cycle time from 35 days to 7 days.  • Project Manager: Implementation of server's and telecom switches for existing/new banking centers and corporate offices.  • Training: Trained fellow teammates as well as new hires in wireless services, voice  and data delivery, network printing process, Model and non-model Switch  installations.  • Wireless Network Design, nation wide implantation of Cisco wireless solutions, Blackberry's, Sprint and Verizon mobile data solutions.  • Voice and Data Consultant: Coordinating setup of current corporate offices and new bank branches, data connectivity for both model bank (tellers/platform) and  non-model computers or standard corporate domain access. Voice processing for Adds, Moves and disconnects (800) # setup, VDN changes.  • Print Smart Project: Coordinating conversion programs to reduce cost of owner  ship for all existing print service. Set up (leased) network printers by Line of Business: 1 printer for every group of 5 to 25 associates using hardware from  Lexmark and Xerox.    • Concord Tech Center - Special Interests  • Fire Safety Team: Floor Warden: Duties included Coordinate evacuation of floor  during fire drills or live Evacuations. Lead of 6-member team  • Mobility impaired assistance  • Certified in CPR and First Aid Education B.S. in Biology in premed Fresno State Present AS Clovis Community College Skills Epic, Cerner, Meditech, Emr, Active directory, Citrix, Exchange, Adt, Sql, Windows xp, Cadence Additional Information ? COMPUTER SKILLS  • Citrix • (Epic) KP Health Connect • Windows XP, 7, 10  • Active Directory, Exchange, SQL    ? EMR  • Cadence • MyCHart  • Ambulatory • OpTime  • ADT • Interfaces  • Meditech • ARIA  • Cerner