Strategy Consultant Strategy Consultant Driving Strategic, Business & Technology Innovations through Integrated Leadership New York, NY Highly Strategic, progressive, and performance driven leader with 12+ years of experience in managing enterprise-wide roadmap and programs focusing on digital & tech transformation, management consulting, technology, customer experience, and business process optimization. Expert in leveraging industry insights and proven methodologies, while maximizing profitability through intuitive technologies.  Global Strategy | Customer Experience & Design Thinking| Innovations & Change Management | Roadmap & Value Delivery | Integrated Leadership | Program Management | Marketing & Transformation | Resource Management Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Strategy Consultant Self-Employed - New York, NY September 2017 to Present Working with various founders and founders-in-making to define and build a market entry, expansion and product strategy. Senior Manager Bath & Beyond - Union, NJ July 2014 to March 2017 Brought on board to manage multi-million dollar strategic initiatives for e-Commerce Platforms. Served as Engagement and Leadership lead for strategic guidance and advice to executives while overseeing portfolio deliverables and managing risks. Achieved quarterly portfolio performance while meeting resource, time, budget, and other strategic commitments. Highlights include,  ?      Increased annual revenues by $15M+ by delivering consistent results and cost controls of $65M USD portfolio built with innovations for omni-channel e-commerce and retail platforms. Influenced in driving adoption of Rapid Prototyping, Agile & Safe Frameworks, removing impediments, and fostering self-management among 85+ members of globally distributed resources.  Delivered IT and Business process automation and improvements reducing overall development time by 10% of total release time.  ?      Delivered strategic value across the enterprise while guiding the selection, prioritization, balancing, and termination processes for portfolio components, in alignment with the enterprise strategy. Program managed re-platform and launch of an in-store application, on-demand delivery service, on-demand value-added services, and one-step checkout process across the channels. Provided oversight in the portfolio review, re-prioritization, process analysis, and optimization. Senior Manager Oxford University Press - New York, NY April 2013 to July 2014 Served as a principal manager, driving strategic planning, development, and execution of technology roadmaps for university’s academic reference publishing group in alignment with its enterprise strategy, while expanding its market influence.   ?      Established development & deployment of WordPress based custom content management platform, improving the overall delivery to market, driving deeper online presence for the press’s online reference products; Built repute of concept-to-completion leader for multi-million dollars, multi-faceted strategic programs by the successful launch of 12+ programs within one year.   ?      Led an establishment of a dynamic program management framework and managed/developed capacities by merging business and IT functionalities, introducing Scrum and Agile methods within the PMO achieving an increase of around 35% in overall team productivity.  ?      Cultivated close relationships with executive stakeholders, building consensus over Digital Product strategy and a wide range of other strategic technology initiatives, while leading a global team of 20+ members including 5 direct reports. Senior Project Manager New Classroom - New York, NY March 2012 to March 2013 Demonstrated unsurpassed project/product management leadership to launch an online collaboration platform for state school programs in Chicago, Perth Amboy, and Brooklyn. Lead Scrum master for achieving product development goals while managing multi-location Scrum teams across sprint iterations. Chaired daily scrum meetings, and delivered SOS and demos to project executives, stakeholders & leadership.  ?      Orchestrated successful launch of a customized Content Management System platform for educational data management services, enabling to launch the content around 23% faster; Strategically planned & implemented business process improvement initiatives to address the delivery cycle reduction of about 30%; Introduced workflow processes to immediately resolve hindrances and address any and all impediments in the long terms.  ?      Cultivated best practices and identified technology partners, administering all commercial aspects of the program, encompassing estimate validation, planning, and feature requests against project constraints, overall reducing the no. of defects reporting by 15%. Employed Agile principles to align direct reporting teams, communication, and transparency; proficiently utilized Scrum methods along with Agile project management to maintain enterprise platforms and new product launches. IT Project Manager eFashion Solutions - Secaucus, NJ April 2010 to February 2012 ?      Executive-level leadership and management capabilities including budgeting, training & development, service delivery optimization, consensus building over critical issues, decision making, project policymaking, vendor management, and program progress reporting  ?      Went on to become the No. 1 choice of clients for any and all strategic engagements with the budget range of $35K - $1.5M USD  Project managed the successful launch of e-commerce stores using a custom in-house platform for various international fashion brands – Credited with launching the first Karen Millen and Coast (Luxury British fashion brands) online U.S. store, initially reported revenue stood at $850K in the first month of the launch Principal Consultant Self-Employed - New York, NY June 2006 to April 2010 Key clients include YMCA International, Noloh LLC, RBC Capital Markets, It's Easy, Inc., and Informatics Solutions  ? Led teams as an Idea-to-launch principal consultant with full accountability for project and program management, including budgeting, resource management, business case management, and project documentation Education MBA UNC Kenan-Flagler Business School - Chapel Hill, NC September 2017 to June 2019 Bachelor's in Information Technology Sardar Patel University - Anand, Gujarat January 2002 to May 2006 Skills Program Management (10+ years), Project Management (10+ years), Resource Management (10+ years), Product Management (10+ years), Business Development (6 years), Business Analysis (10+ years), Data Analysis (10+ years), Portfolio Management (10+ years), Team Management (10+ years), Strategy Development (10+ years), Market Research (10+ years), Budgeting (10+ years), Change Management (10+ years), Consulting (10+ years), Contract Negotiations (6 years), Strategic Planning (8 years), Business Intelligence (8 years), JIRA (8 years), Microsoft Office (10+ years), PMP (10+ years), Scrum Master (8 years), E-Commerce (10+ years), User Experience Design (10+ years) Links https://linkedin.com/in/patelashish Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) PRINCE2 Practioner Scrum Master Groups Member of Harvard Business Review Advisory Council June 2018 to Present Member of UNC Kenan-Flagler Dean's Advancement Committee May 2018 to Present Additional Information Technology Proficiency  Development Experience: ASP.NET, SQL, JavaScript, Ajax, VB.NET, HTML/CSS, XML, C, C++ and others    Software/Technology Systems Expertise: Oracle ATG, BCC, POS, IBM Rational Suite, Basecamp, ACE, JIRA, Drupal, WordPress, Tableau and others