Transportation Specialist Transportation Specialist Project Management - Enterprise Solutions Cumming, GA Work Experience Transportation Specialist Forsyth Board of Education - Cumming, GA September 2018 to Present Project Management Enterprise Solutions September 2017 to September 2018 -Infrastructure Planning  Real-Time Consulting Present  • Provide Technical Support for Operational Improvements. Coordinate consolidations, relocations.  • Provide workflow analysis and Project Manager implementation process such as workflow for Customer Support, IT Procurement, Telecomm, and Application Support. IT Manager Access Insurance April 2010 to March 2011 • Initiated department process improvements regarding IT Service Desk, Change Management and Event Management process resulting in increased employee productivity and efficiency.  • Coached seven direct reports on process enhancements and career development resulting in improved performance and productivity and recognition from senior management.  • Lead initiative to realign department workflow for Change Management, problem resolution and creating a knowledge base.  • Served as a contact for customer complaints and resolutions, resulting in a consistent service level of 95%.  • Chaired weekly post mortem meeting for reported outages. Documenting the cause, business impact, and resolution. Reporting findings back to the CIO. IT Manager Autotrader/COX May 2006 to April 2010 • Established innovative strategies for a superior customer service experience. Administrated a team of twelve on-site and eight remote Customer Support Technicians across eight domestic location and approximately 5000 users. Spearheaded the initial setup of the new Customer Support Desk, IT Procurement process and Application Support.  • Implemented a new on-boarding process with all department heads for new employees to provide desktop hardware and software to meet a five-day SLA. Established new process for IT Equipment retrieval including the reuse of software licenses which were not being tracked. This resolved an Audit Issue and resulted in a cost avoidance.  • Orchestrated and implemented a comprehensive restructuring project resulting in productivity improvements, extended coverage, and a CAPX reduction of $84K in the first quarter alone in IT Procurement. This workflow resulted in faster meantime to repair, less open calls in the que and a 50% increase in team efficiency and 80% reduction for issue resolution within a period of six months. Average call age was ten days improved to a three-day average.  • Transformed an under performing department into the highest performing support group in the organization during an aggressive desktop and laptop refresh project.  • Negotiated with vendors for more cost-efficient hardware distribution with Dell and UPS. IT Site Manager Bank of Montreal January 2005 to March 2006 • Responsible for working directly with senior leadership to design comprehensive site continuity plans, established performance metrics implemented weekly training sessions, and developed a mandatory security briefing and process for all site visitors.  • Provided technical implementation for new projects, process improvements, change management customer support workflow.  • Documented systems and equipment configurations to ease future troubleshooting and planning ensuring network, domain and client services uptime at 99% availability rate for Trading Floor Applications.  • Ensure that all service desk tickets are resolved within SLA timeframes and follow up for procedural and audit requirements.  • Implemented a highly redundant SAN for critical data repository and corporate financial reporting. Replicated data to two off-site disaster recovery sites. Project Consultant Sesame Workshop January 2004 to January 2005 • Recruited to implement process improvements for Customer Support, Network uptime and vendor management. The following actions were taken within a twelve-month period to stabilize the IT Operations, gain customer confidence in the IT Support team.  • Managed multiple projects and a staff of fourteen IT Technicians, Customer Support, Network, Data Center.  • Maintained information technology notes providing solutions and action items for the fourteen staff members.  • Spearheaded the implementation of Remedy Enterprise Software (BMC) for Service desk and asset tracking to improve problem resolution, knowledge base and metrics for management reporting.  • Re-engineered the Network Topology to create more segmentation and eliminate all single points of network failure.  • Improved remote access for the salesforce by implementing CITRIX. Project Consultant Sumitomo Bank May 2001 to January 2004 Assignment was like the above-mentioned projects. Education Audrey Cohen College Business John Jay College Help Desk Institute Dale Carnegie Management Training Skills Outlook, budget, Scheduling, maintenance, Estimating, Sales, Word, Customer Service, Microsoft Project, Strategic Planning, Network Administration, Excel Certifications/Licenses Driver's License