VMI Process Leader VMI Process Leader VMI Process Leader - HONEYWELL Gilbert, AZ Work Experience VMI Process Leader HONEYWELL - Tempe, AZ May 2018 to Present Oversaw, directed and supported the expansion of the Honeywell Aerospace Vendor Managed Inventory (VMI) Process. Assessed project issues and developed enhanced resolutions to meet and exceed productivity, quality and customer satisfaction goals and objectives. Developed reports and processes to monitor project progress and problem-solving solutions with key stakeholders. Responsible for developing robust sustaining processes to drive operational excellence within supply chain.  Accomplishments:  * Client engagement owner for over 160 active suppliers, responsible for end to end client success including process implementation, system conversions and quarterly reviews  * Achieved inventory reduction of $47M through implementation of 8000+ VMI Flex parts accounting for $1.2B of Honeywell's $4B in annual spend.  * Identified and drove internal process improvements reducing client implementations completion times by an average of 15%  * Responsible for ensuring other Honeywell departments and resources, including Buyers, Planners, Site Focals and Supply Recovery Specialists are trained and knowledgeable on all VMI Flex benefits and system functionality (SAP and HASP).  * Created validation reports and process to monitor the VMI Flex conversion settings are 100% correct to ensure great customer experience. IT Project Manager III Portsamerica - Chandler, AZ August 2014 to March 2018 Managed all phases of the SDLC for all assigned IT projects by following and contributing to the IT Project Management Standards and Enterprise Project Portfolio, including acquiring resources and coordinating the efforts of team members in order to deliver projects according to plan. Effectively defined the projects scope and objectives and oversaw quality control throughout the entire project life cycle. Defined and measured KPIs for all projects in an effort to gauge the effectiveness of various functions and processes important to achieving the organizations goals.  Accomplishments:  * Lead the successful implementation of Cherwell, a service desk ticketing system, for two separate departments on time and within budget. The new tool provided users the ability to track the progress and status of their tickets via a self-service portal and provided management valuable real-time data through customized and role-based dashboards and reports, improving ticket resolution time by 20% resulting in the departments budget savings of $100k a year.  * Implemented Newport's robust maintenance and repair module using mobile technology to six separate terminals replacing an antiquated paper and pencil ordering system. The new mobile technology allows mechanics to instantly submit work orders through tablets providing real-time connectivity and seamless processing of work orders creating integrity, reliability and transparency to customers resulting in savings of a full time administrative position at each site.  * Effectively lead the implementation of Uplands project portfolio management tool for the PMO and PEX groups enabling them to optimize complex project portfolios, balance resource capacity against demand, provide visibility to project finances and budgets and align execution of projects to strategy and objectives. The timesheet feature captures time and labor expenses for all projects managed within the system allowing for accurate CapEx and OpEx labor expenses.  * Lead an enterprise wide effort to replace the safety system with Intelex's Health & Safety Management System allowing users at all terminal sites to manage processes and procedures by mobile means to minimize the damaging impacts of the environment. Users have the ability to learn from every incident recorded by anticipating and preventing occupational injuries and making faster informed decisions that improve productivity and drive continuous improvement.  * Replaced the risk management system with JDIs Claims Manager allowing users to access the tool anytime, anywhere and from any device so that users can easily capture, benchmark, administer and report claims. Project Manager EDUPOINT - Mesa, AZ August 2013 to August 2014 Lead multiple districts to successful and on-time implementations for a technologically advanced student information management solution that enables school districts to optimize district and student performance. Effectively supported and guided clients through the implementation of all Edupoint products, from post-sale phase through the first year of deployment phase.  Accomplishments:  * Participated in the creation of sales material when necessary including preparation of proposals including estimation of work effort and description of implementation project plans.  * Created, maintained, facilitated and ensured adherence to project plans and the implementation tasks for all implementations.  * Developed training plans for new customers and worked closely with the Training Team Lead to ensure the scheduling and completion of the training plans.  * Tracked all software customizations required by new customers and facilitated communications with development staff.  * Managed all phases of the software development lifecycle (SDLC) for dozens of custom solutions resulting in shortened processes from weeks to minutes, saving the company thousands of dollars.  * Developed conversion plans for new customers and work closely with the Data Conversion Team Lead to ensure the scheduling and completion of the conversion plans.    * Identified and proactively addressed any potential risks to projects, as well as responded to all other needs of the customers as they arose.  * Developed an application and security setup plan for new customers and work closely with the Product Specialist Team Lead to ensure the scheduling and completion of the application security setup plans.  * Worked collaboratively with other project managers, team leads and team members to improve best practices within each discipline, including project management as a whole. Project Manager Banner Health - Phoenix, AZ November 2012 to August 2013 Leader of multiple work streams working together to achieve the Triple Aim of providing better care, better health at a lower cost. Collaborating with a third-party vendor to build a population health management platform to report on quality measures, develop seamless care coordination and realize shared savings of $13.7M for year 1.  Accomplishments:  * Implemented member-facing tools that enabled members to provide education on general health issues, view timely clinical data, enable bi-directional secure messaging between members and their clinical care team and provide alerts and reminders regarding gaps in care.  * Collaborated with the Implementation and Deployment teams to implement, deploy, and train case managers, providers and physician office staff on using the population health management platform.  * Defined, designed and developed the necessary end user workflows to inform the development of tools and ensured the adoption and supported the goal of improved outcomes in conjunction with the Inpatient Case Managers.  * Created a process workflow to ensure accurate and on-time attestation and audit submissions for a CMS mandated project.  * Served as a liaison between the work streams and the technology team to enable the data collection and exchange to promote and enable workflows designed to achieve the triple aim objectives. Project Manager WorldatWork - Scottsdale, AZ July 2008 to November 2012 Innovative in devising an enterprise-wide approach and recommending the appropriate technology solutions based on the needs of customers and opportunities across the organization. Conduct business research and analysis in support of client strategic and tactical initiatives. Evaluated, document and collaborate with staff to design organizational processes to achieve operational excellence. Work in conjunction with IT to deliver business systems progress initiatives that meet user requirements and improve institutional effectiveness. Effectively orchestrate and participate on cross-functional project teams in a matrix management environment. Create and sustain accurate project and procedure documentation; including creating, editing and presenting complex spreadsheets, visual aids, diagrams, process maps and presentations for company projects.  Accomplishments:  * Researched and evaluated multiple payroll providers to deliver more value for the organization, increase operational efficiency and empower employees and managers to maximize productivity all within or under current payroll budget of $40,000.  * Re-designed the Board Portal, used by the Board of Directors, for easier navigation and a more intuitive flow.  * Generated a pipeline of members and revenue via creating a new Academic Initiative Program which built awareness.  * Allowed future growth and extended the useful life of the space in conjunction with the Director of Operations in a project managing a $2.5 million remodel of the existing buildings at WorldatWork's headquarters.  * Augmented revenue of at least $35,000 for the first year and value to the customer at the annual conference by developing and implementing a mobile conference application. Adhered to schedule and budget of $50,000.  * Enhanced user engagement on our conference website via integrating a search functionality that allowed users to search conference sessions and exhibitor information.  * Served as a liaison between the project team and business stakeholders to ensure business needs are met and project status is clearly communicated and understood. Education Master of Business Administration in Project Management Keller Graduate School of Management, DeVry University - Phoenix, AZ Bachelor of Science in Technical Management in Technical Management DeVry University - Phoenix, AZ Skills Scheduling, Outlook, budget, Estimating, Maintenance