SENIOR IT MANAGER - AMERICAS/CTO SENIOR <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">MANAGER</span> - AMERICAS/CTO SENIOR IT MANAGER - AMERICAS/CTO Orlando, FL Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience SENIOR IT MANAGER - AMERICAS/CTO PricewaterhouseCoopers - Tampa, FL 2016 to 2019 Senior Leadership for IT Operations for the offshore vendor in India providing technology support for mobile and desktop environments serving over 50K PwC employees. Automation Champion to strategically implement automation and digitization to the PwC Support Desk. Led alignment of processes across Canada, Brazil, LAN, Mexico, and the Caribbean.  * Directed 100 plus offshore agents in the resolution of over 20K break fixes in Windows 10, Mojave, Global Protect, Pulse Secure, Salesforce, Bluecoat, Mobile-iron, Workspace One, Thycotic, SCCM, and more.  * Lead Quality assurance on all delivered software to laptops across the company. Scrutinized user experience throughout software roll-outs to 50K employee, halting installations until all issues were resolved.  * Automation Champion who deployed new processes that saved over 10,000 hours of administrative work annually.  * As Problem Management liaison, partnered with Service Owners and technical staff to conduct root cause analysis and implement systems changes to resolve recurring technology failures impacting onshore and global services.  * Applied Automation, Problem Elimination, End User Education, and System Enhancements within Lean IT/Kaizen initiatives to reduce contacts to the Service Desk by 20% in 2018. On target for 40% in 2019.  * PwC Technology Support security liaison in charge of vendor compliance, training, and investigations processes.  * Earned Digital Acumen Badge by Acclaim by completing rigorous training in Data Acquisition, Data Visualization and Robot Process Automation. SERVICE AVAILABILITY MANAGER - IT The Walt Disney Company - Orlando, FL 2015 to 2016 Recruited to assume direct management of the 24x7 Disney Technology Operations Center. Directed application and system management services to: Walt Disney Parks and Resorts, ABC, ESPN, Disney Studios, Disney Consumer Products, and Disney Cruise Lines. Led team of 20 technical staff in identifying and facilitating the expedient resolution of major service-impacting events and preventing future impact through proactive problem analysis. Improved company-wide infrastructure through managing changes to better support TWDC's global growth and stable presence.  * Directed the timely resolution of over 40K incidents per month to ensure seamless operations for back-end and customer-facing systems.  * Deciding and leading the execution of a resolution path and acquiring approval for changes to Disney's infrastructure to better support IT service to hundreds of thousands of end-users throughout TWDC.  * Deployed and maintained critical systems for Star Wars launch. Monitored complex network of systems and equipment at the Hollywood theatres live while working with an emergency management team to report and resolve any service interruptions at the Red Carpet and VIP concession areas.  * Operational backend support of ABC on-air critical productions to include Vote 2016 and the Grammys. GLOBAL IT INCIDENT MANAGEMENT / GLOBAL IT MANAGER Sykes Enterprises, Inc - Tampa, FL 2014 to 2015 Took over leadership of Global Incident Managers supporting a 24/7 Service Desk for Priority 1 outages and overall incident management accountability for North America, LATAM, EMEA, and APAC. Managed team to restore and mitigate globally impacted services for over 80K retail, financial, and technology customers. Collaborated with Problem Management to ensure effective proactive processes were implemented into the environment. Coordinated with Business Partners to understand customer needs and requirements. Worked with IT Service Owners and other Client Managers to ensure the smooth running of IT services.  * Within 60 days of being hired, led department to finally reach their SLA target for incident resolution. Moved team from low of 30% of SLA to exceed goal of 90% consistently through 2Q2015.  * Developed all 5 Incident Managers to become Information Technology Infrastructure Library, ITIL(c) certified and implemented ITIL(c) framework as part of Service Desk Operations of the Incident Management process.  * Improved collaborative efforts with carriers and vendors such that their response 'ability' showed remarkable improvements with most incidents closed within 48 hours as opposed to constant weekly follow up.  * Work with IT Vice Presidents to provide global incident reporting on issues with local country vendors. ENROLLMENT & RE-ENTRY MANAGEMENT SERVICES / Corinthian Colleges, Inc - Tampa, FL 2012 to 2014 Managed the process of document acquisition for teams to ensure financial viability of returning students. Mentored students to ensure higher success rates upon their return to college through needs assessments and other competency evaluations. Analyzed existing processes and provided enhancement opportunities to streamline data capture.  * Appointed team lead on technical problem management from desktop to application support. OPERATIONS CONSULTANT Fadjr, Inc - Tampa, FL 2006 to 2012 Directed cross-functional teams of technical experts in multiple locations. Developed and maintained the integration strategy, framework, and services development which provided the foundation for Technical Architecture Infrastructure across the enterprise. Ensured effective enterprise integration between various lines of business, systems, and processes.  * Setup and facilitated systems to improve the functionality of fitness schools across the Florida region. Provided dynamic leadership exercises to Fortune 500 employees from such companies as Verizon and Capital One. Director of IT Site Operations Technology Service Delivery, Capital One - Tampa, FL 1999 to 2006 Matrix managed up to 25 associates including help desk, desktop, voice, and system engineers. Managed the Executive home office support process for the President of Hispanic line of Business and Executive, Director of Human Resources, and other Business Line Site Directors both national and international. Provided timely and effective support and delivered on everyday requirements from desktop level solutions to software rollouts to various domestic and international sites.    ? Implemented platforms in Microsoft, Macintosh, Meridian, and Aspect environments for multiple Call Centers.  ? Led projects through operational setup and support of technology infrastructure in the implementation of new facilities in Florida, the United Kingdom, Costa Rica, and the Philippines.  ? Developed industry recognized ‘world class’ team with customer productivity uptime >97% and customer satisfaction > 98%. IT Project Manager / Program Management Technology Service Delivery, Capital One - Tampa, FL 1998 to 2006 Dual role with Site leadership. Managed team of 15 managers and analysts. Administered P&L budget of over $15M to deliver corporate wide results on projects and technical support. Led the infrastructure breakdown of Call Centers in Dallas and Tampa.    ? Enabled the sale of a $54M dollar facility as a Corporate Real Estate / IT Project Manager responsible for removal of all devices associated with daily facility operations for 2,400 associates at capacity.  ? Managed a $10M dollar budget associated with the reallocation of call center dialers, reconfiguration of existing network, and removal and sale of decommissioned devices through national vendors. Help Desk Manager/System Implementation & Project Support Technology Service Delivery, Capital One - Tampa, FL 1996 to 1998 TECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS  CRM/Data Management: Workday / Salesforce / SAP  Data Analytics: Splunk / Alteryx / Workbench / PowerBI / Tableau  Cloud Services: Amazon Web Services, AWS / Azure  Security / Connectivity Products: Global Protect / Bluecoat / Pulse Secure / Thycotic  Additional Systems: ITSM / ITIL / MS Office Suite / HP Open View / Cisco Works / UNIX / Operations CTR Monitoring  MS Windows / SCCM / Video-Conference Solutions/AirParrot Education Bachelor of Science in Management National Louis University - Tampa, FL Certificate Villanova University - Villanova, PA Technology Brand University Skills Time Management, Network, Microsoft SQL Server