Contract Sr. Project Manager Contract Sr. <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Contract Sr. Project Manager - RANDSTAND SOURCELIGHT PAYROLL SOLUTIONS (RSPS) Woodland Hills, CA Work Experience Contract Sr. Project Manager RANDSTAND SOURCELIGHT PAYROLL SOLUTIONS (RSPS) 2018 to Present • Assigned to a large project at a Health Care Plan  • Managed a regulatory compliance project with impacts across all of the operational areas. IT Program Manager CENTENE CORPORATION 2016 to 2018 • Transitioning from a Waterfall to an SAFe Agile approach for project delivery.  • Led teams that supported the integration of Health Net membership into Centene core systems.  • The first phase was completed successfully with continued refinement of the code and processes ongoing.  • Managed the retirement of an old application to reduce costs and system overhead. Accomplished this by guiding the team in creating manual work arounds for work still coming through the old application. The business teams successfully created manual work arounds to support any activity that was received after the system shutdown. CENTENE CORPORATION 2010 to 2018 IT Senior Project Manager CENTENE CORPORATION 2015 to 2016 • Led a large cross functional team, comprised of both IT and business, in migrating a 1.1m member portfolio from one system to another. Due to the different system configurations the coding effort took a number of years to complete. While this was a waterfall project, code was implemented in stages to allow the business to build on the code before the Go Live date on the new system. All members were migrated with minimal impact to day to day operations with the phased in approach.  • Managed a number of smaller projects related to system enhancements or regulatory changes. These project were of small and medium size and varied in complexity and time to market. Project Manager CENTENE CORPORATION 2010 to 2015 • Managed projects related to the Healthcare Reform, Medi-Care regulatory changes, other business and compliance project related to healthcare industry.  • Ongoing participation in workflow and technology enhancements for the Project Management Office. Retail Sales Associate COLDWATER CREEK 2008 to 2010 Part-time job while actively seeking full-time employment in my professional field of Project Management. Brought value-added business experience and value to improve store operations and efficiencies. Vice President - Senior Project Manager CITIBANK 1993 to 2008 • Led a staff of project managers who partner with Statement and Payment Operations in implementing new business opportunities and enhancing existing business processes.  • Redesigned 20 different uniquely branded statements to a new format that included the use of a new barcode formats for insertion, remittance processing, and for tracking through the postal system.  • Provided expertise in managing the conversion of portfolios from one processing system to another system. Converted several private label store cards and credit card portfolios.  • Created and implemented a project management tracking process which improved project lifecycle deliverables and ensured department was engaged in outside projects at the right time.  • Contributed to multi-business project management process improvement team that improved the overall project lifecycle process, increasing the quality and volume of projects that IT could work in a given release cycle.  • Team member for SarbanesOxley implementation.    Director  • Led project management of the Bankcard Statement production system and reports delivery channel.  • Supported issue resolution for statements, payments, chargebacks, and reports. Managed staff that maintained the in-house selective insertion/messaging system and statement quality control functions.  • Acted as on-Site Project Manager in Canada working with the processor to move the Canadian credit card and retail private label accounts from one processor to another.  • Accountable for maintaining gap analysis documentation and insuring that requirements for new development were completed.  • Led a team to create an Internet E-bill interface for credit card statement delivery and payment processing, with a multiple vendors add outcome.    Manager - Training  • Trained the Credit Card Operations staff on new operating system as part of The Associates aquisition of Great Western Bank's Credit Card portfolio.  • Trained employess in Call Center, Security/Fraud, Collections, and Dispute Resolution areas  • Collaborated with the team in IT integration activities, reconciling production reports, identifying critical reports that were stored longer than legally necessary in the tape library resulting in a significant reduction of the volume and storage costs. Education B.S. in Environmental Sciences in Environmental Sciences University of Phoenix - Los Angeles, CA Assessments Management & Leadership Skills: Planning & Execution — Proficient August 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to effectively plan and manage resources to accomplish organizational goals. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/zbmqmoctl3l0mofh Project Management Skills: Time Management — Proficient August 2019 Prioritizing and allocating time to effectively achieve project deliverables. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/q7mm0tdn35gix6rp Logic & Verbal Reasoning — Proficient August 2019 Understanding the meaning of text, and identifying the relationships among words or concepts. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/zpu4eaknmgrxznke First Aid — Proficient August 2019 Treating common medical emergencies. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/yg4vtlg14tzaghrs Problem Solving — Highly Proficient August 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to analyze relevant information when solving problems. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/gdckcpbngzporqsa Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information IT Program Manager with extensive experience leading both business and IT projects. Expertise in leading teams that cross multiple levels of a company and external business partners. Successfully defined and implemented complex projects working with Senior Leadership, delivering high-quality results on time and on budget. Work with business teams reviewing process flows to optimize project outcomes. Led IT delivery of projects that implemented changes in both the Credit Card processing and Healthcare industries.    Project Life Cycle Management Business Requirements Gathering Integration Waterfall and SaFe Agile Process Improvement Microsoft Office Suite Testing