Application Development Manager Application Development <span class="hl">Manager</span> SENIOR IT LEADER Lakewood, OH Results-oriented, innovative Information Technology Leader with 20+ years of experience delivering total business solutions in a variety of manufacturing sectors. Consistently recognized for strong business focus, adaptability to diverse businesses, and a thorough understanding of the strategies and processes which drive business results. Extensive experience leading large cross functional teams to implement numerous web based B2B and ERP systems in the manufacturing and consumer products industries. Work Experience Application Development Manager SWAGELOK - Solon, OH January 2013 to Present Direct responsibility for application development consulting budget of $750,000, and reporting responsibility of over $2.5 million project budget. Accountable for on-time and on-budget imperatives. Coordinate project staffing in cooperation with PMO. Manage staff of up to 11 on multiple concurrent projects.  • Managed development resources in an SAP environment in alignment with an Enterprise Process Model (EPM). Application development resource allocation to projects and day-to-day operational activities for process streams including:  • Manufacture to Complete (MTC) - Manufacturing Operations;  • Idea to Retire (ITR) - Engineering;  • Source to Pay (STP) - Corporate Sourcing;  • Hire to Retire (HTR) - Human Resources and Payroll;  • Business Intelligence resource pool for SAP HANA, BObj, and MicroStrategy platforms.  • Co-led defining the structure of an Enterprise Data Management framework to improve data quality and increase focus on data governance. Led a data management maturity assessment and identified 15 continuous improvement opportunities and mapped out a 3-year strategy to elevate data quality. This resulted in significant improvements in BI reporting reliability.  • Partnered with project manager to allocate and manage resources to staff the build of product models for the SAP Variant Configurator (VC) to automate orders for Valves and Regulators with complex routings and Bills of Material. This automation improved order lead time from 14 days to 2 days.  • Co-led project to re-engineer Order Flow and Controlled Document workflow to reduce 12 to 15-day lead time for approval routing to less than 3 days.  • Collaborated with project manager to allocate and manage resources to migrate 4 acquisitions to the Swagelok standard SAP functionality. These projects were all completed within budget and time requirements.  • Led Software RX (Reliability eXcellence) project to modernize legacy applications to supportable code level. Affected 20 applications over a 3-year duration utilizing a combination of insourced and outsourced resources.  • Led RFP vendor selection process and onboarding for 12-month, $500,000 redesign of internet website, holding vendor accountable to meet custom code standards. Enhancements provided easier access to research vast product line.  • Managed implementation of Point of Sale analysis via SAP BObj toolset providing marketing detailed visibility enabling keen insight for improved pricing and promotion decisions. IT Director / Project Management Office (PMO) Clarium Management Group - Fremont, OH 2010 to 2012 Oversaw all IT operations and projects. Responsible for capital and operating budget adherence imperatives. Ownership of PMO and IT project portfolio. Developed metrics for routine reporting of actuals versus targets.  • Implemented Cognos Business Intelligence (BI) solution providing visibility to sales history and open orders.  • Oversaw the implementation of CRM for inside and outside sales.  • Implemented enterprise wide VoIP telephone solution including rationalization of voice communications network which achieved $250,000 in annual savings.  • Constructed internal PMO capability from scratch. Built awareness and education to achieve senior leadership buy-in. Developed PMO processes. Provided education for associates on PMO.  • Performed disaster recovery (DR) audit and provided recommendations to senior management for approval.  • Oversaw all daily operation including applications, infrastructure and help desk.  • Implemented company wide multi-function device printing strategy saving $100,000 in lease and printing costs.  • Orchestrated the completion of a company wide desktop refresh to Windows 7 and MS Office 2007. IT Manager, Applications / Project Manager LIBBEY GLASS INC - Toledo, OH 2001 to 2010 Coordinated project staffing in cooperation with PMO to manage large enterprise reaching projects. Adherence to on-time, on-budget imperatives. Managed >$3M operating budget. Led staff of 15 on multiple concurrent projects.  • Achieved 25% cost reductions through Worldwide ERP infrastructure centralization from locations in Asia, Europe, and Mexico.  • Accomplished 15% cost reductions through installation of internal disaster recovery capability.  • Oversaw ERP updates and modifications and ERP infrastructure planning and installation.  • Envisioned and orchestrated the migration of the Oracle infrastructure to a Linux on POWER environment which improved uptime to nearly 100% and 50% improvement in performance.  • Maintained high levels of staff productivity and accountability through thorough communication of expectations, understanding and clearing of barriers, listening, positive feedback, and recognition.  • Directed third-party suppliers for outsourced hardware and software services.  • Facilitated buy versus build decisions through RFP process and Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) analysis.  • Led team for the selection and installation of Business Intelligence (BI) and Financial Performance Management (FPM) application, which facilitated 6-day reduction in financial closing cycle and also paved the ground for KPI and ad hoc reporting.  • Achieved and sustained 100% Sarbanes Oxley compliance through development of policies and procedures.  • Adhered to team goals and Balanced Scorecard metrics to drive success.  • Worked with PMO to evaluate and construct project delivery best practices.  • Contributed to launch of IT career ladder for acknowledging staff accomplishments.  • Directed application and architecture best practices and ensured adherence of IT practices to architectural standards.  • Collaborated with Corporate Procurement for Lean Value Stream Mapping (VSM) current and future state.  • Partnered with Manufacturing for Lean Kaizen event for production line shift change process interruption.  • Participated in pilot and launch of Activity Based Cost Management for US domestic manufacturing facilities. IT Business Unit Leader, Sales and Marketing Applications LIBBEY GLASS INC - Toledo, OH 1998 to 2001 Responsible for seeking IT solutions to existing and new processes.  • Performed business process analysis to facilitate electronically based process improvements.  • Identified and pursued process improvements and justified process automation.  • Made recommendations and prepared proposals for project capital justification.  • Oversaw project implementation and maintained advocacy for the customer requirements and goals. IT Application Support Specialist LIBBEY GLASS INC - Toledo, OH 1996 to 1998 • Performed application development and maintenance activities in the ERP to accommodate business process improvement. Assisted with successful launch of company's first business intelligence tool. Education Master's in Finance University of Toledo - Toledo, OH Bachelor's in Information Systems University of Toledo - Toledo, OH Skills Erp (10+ years), Hana (1 year), Software Development (10+ years) Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/jamesberlekamp Assessments Problem Solving — Expert August 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to analyze relevant information when solving problems. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/j4hueb-33yowh9jv Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.