Sales and Project Manager Sales and <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Mgr/Sales Mgr - Relevant Buildings Co. Gladstone, OR Project Manager and Sales Manager for container home manufacturer, Relevant Buildings. Responsibilities range from primary point of contact for customers and running finish crews, to managing site work on new installs and completing custom project work.     Commercial Construction Project Manager with Paulson's floor covering. Responsible for managing flooring, tile, and counter top subcontractors on new construction and TI efforts. Manage all aspects of job scope, including scheduling, on site supervision and quality control through routine building walks. Established excellent working relationships with site supervisors and sub-contractors.    Owner and manager of small construction company, MakeSomeRoom, llc., specializing in the design and construction of backyard studios and offices, home remodels, and property renovations. Skilled in construction, project management, scheduling, customer service and sub-contractor relations.    IT Project Manager with 14 years of Project Management, Business Analyst, Team Lead and System Administration experience in corporate environments. Experienced in facilities project management, IT solution design, creating and managing project scope, leading teams, resource allocation, and business liaison.    Construction Project Management Experience  • Manage installation of container homes; help with organizing bids, communication with property owner to help set expectations and provide answers, scheduling our work and subs accordingly, interface with city or other building authorities as needed.   • Commercial Construction Project Manager for Paulson's Floor Coverings. Oversee the installation of all flooring, counter tops, and tile for new commercial builds and TI projects. Manage sub-contractors, maintain quality control, anticipate issues and find resolution before impacting job, develop strong working relationships with site Superintendents and sub-contractors.  • Oversee all aspects in the construction of backyard studios and home remodels. This includes developing positive relationships with customers, gathering estimates, preparing bids, scheduling and working with sub-contractors, and physically completing any and all work as needed.  • Physical relocation of Cambia's Seattle corporate office UPS, CRAC and PDU. Required new room construction, gathering bids, cost estimating, scheduling with tenants, failover plans, and onsite personnel management.  • Infrastructure portion of Cambia's Portland Building Consolidation Project. Involved collaborating with architects for the redesign of flooring layout to accommodate physical security needs and optimum work environment. Drove planning with IT Teams for network redesign and physical equipment moves.  • Con-way Executive Headquarters move from Palo Alto to San Mateo CA; primarily responsible for server and data center components. Collaborated with facilities and IT teams for room sizing, cost estimating, move and service outage scheduling.  • Con-way IT Headquarters Data Center move; assisted in the planning and execution of the physical server move to a larger data center. Included coordination with customers, scheduling, outage and failover plans. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sales and Project Manager Relevant Building Company - Oregon City, OR June 2017 to Present • Wear many hats as the first employee with small start-up construction company. Primary role is in sales and project management. I am the primary point of contact for customers, answering questions and explaining details of the build process. Handle scheduled tours, meet with non-profits, city representatives, and other housing authorities to discuss potential projects. Scope out land and help determine viability for new development work.   • Manage site installation projects; work with subs and customers to set and meet expectations. Oversee placement and finishing of container homes on site.   • Direct internal employees and subs in the effort to complete finish work. This includes but is not limited to flooring, trim, cabinets, tile, paint, final electrical and plumbing.   • Handle numerous one-off projects as directed, including numerous custom carpentry jobs. Commercial Project Supervisor Paulson's Floor Covering April 2016 to June 2017 • Project Manager for Commercial division, handling both new construction and TI efforts ranging from small one-off jobs, to large multi-family apartment complexes.  • Regularly meet with Site Superintendents and other trade representatives working to collaboratively solve problems in a timely manner. Residential Project Manager Paulson's Floor Covering April 2015 to April 2016 • On-site Project Manager working exclusively with new home builders. Oversee all aspects of flooring, countertop and tile installations. Manage sub-contractors to ensure quality installations are completed within very aggressive schedule.  • Developed positive relationships with Site Superintendents creating a productive work environment. Cultivated a reputation as a trustworthy, hardworking, reliable PM who does what it takes to get jobs done. Knowledgeable, well liked and respected within the trades. Owner/General Contractor MakeSomeRoom, llc August 2011 to April 2015 • Conducted market research and developed business model for formation of MakeSomeRoom, llc. We specialize in the construction of fully finished backyard studios and offices. Collaborated in the design of our units, gathered estimates, built cost and pricing model. Also responsible for all aspects of marketing including building and maintaining company web site, print publications and home show display and sales.  • Actively manage all aspects of studio construction, from first customer contact to completion of studio. Work to foster a positive working relationship with the customer, develop and maintain sub-contractor schedule, address concerns and change requests, handle contract management and payment collection. IT Project Manager Cambia Health Solutions June 2011 to August 2014 • Manage facilities related projects that require involvement from the Information Technology department.  • Act as liaison between Application Development and Infrastructure teams for facilitation of upgrades and enhancements. Manage the Infrastructure portion of IT projects.  • Assist in problem resolution by identifying root issues and coordinating support from appropriate teams.  • Tools Used: MS Office Suite 2007/2010, MS Project, Visio, SharePoint, BMC Remedy Sr. IT Business Analyst Bonneville Power Administration January 2011 to June 2011 • IT Business Analyst dedicated to the multi-million dollar project to upgrade all agency desktops to Windows 7/Office 2010.  • Liaison between IT teams and business units, assessing business requirements and ensuring needs are met with IT solutions.  • Worked to optimize hardware procurement and deployment process in order meet high volume demand.  • Tools Used: MS Office Suite 2007/2010, MS Project. IT Project Manager/Team Coordinator Con-way Enterprise Services July 2008 to September 2010 • Managed small to medium sized projects to completion. Responsible for defining scope, identifying resources, create project proposals and charters at project inception, and provide regular project status reports to stakeholders. Represented project teams to cross-functional groups and customers for business requirements gathering, solution planning, and technology reviews.  • Managed team's workload and assigned project work to individuals. Met with team members individually to review status of projects and work efforts, and set goals. Spearheaded effort to track active projects within the team to provide management with visibility to individual workloads.  • Tools Used: MS Office Suite, MS Project, Visio, SharePoint, HP Service Manager. Windows System Admin Con-way Enterprise Services 1999 to 2008 • Worked closely with customers to define business requirements and design technical solutions. Primary subject matter expert on security issues related to technologies under our purview.  • Technical Environment: Microsoft Office Suite, Windows Server 2000, 2003, SQL, IBM Mainframe, IIS, Cisco Networks, DMZ and Firewalls, Citrix Farm, VMWare Farm, Sharepoint, Tiered Storage, UNIX. Education BA in Speech Communications Oregon State University - Corvallis, OR Skills Project Management (6 years), IT Management (10+ years), Communications (10+ years), Construction (10+ years), Salesforce, Remodeling, Home Improvement Certifications/Licenses General Contractors License October 2016