Sr. IT Project Manager Sr. <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Sr. IT Program Manager - Anthem Blue Cross Simi Valley, CA Sreerama Kishore Ramadhenu is a PMP certified IT Project/Program Manager with 20 years of diversified IT experience across different service industry, defining strategy that aligns with the vision, mission, goals and objectives of the organization. He worked with Agile (Scrum) methodology in a product-based organization. Has visionary insight and strong hold in owning end-to-end Program Delivery; He is equipped with prior expertise working with customers in different geographies such as USA, UK (London) and APAC (Singapore). Kishore played the roles of Mainframe Developer, Java Developer, Test Engineer, Project Lead, Project Manager and Senior IT Program Manager roles progressively. Kishore is currently working as a consultant Sr. IT Program Manager with Anthem Blue Cross since November 2014. He predominantly worked in Health Care domain during most of his IT career. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr. IT Project Manager Fahrenheit IT - Simi Valley, CA May 2018 to Present ·        Migrations Execution PM for NASCO to WGS Migration Claims project exercising Waterfall and Agile methodologies  ·        Collaborate with Account Management, E2E PMs and IT stakeholders   ·        Document requirements in form of Jira User stories with help from Anthem BA’s, Business SMEs   ·        Daily sync up with IT PMs and Execution PMs of other projects like Finance, EBA, Accum Hub, Pricing, Mixer and Provider;   ·        Planning for future Cohorts (Client migration from NASCO to WGS platform)  ·        Risk mitigation and Issue resolution  ·        Help Test Program Managers with timely defect resolution during triage conference calls   Publish Project Health weekly reports to Senior Leadership Sr. IT Program Manager Cognizant Technology Solutions - Thousand Oaks, CA July 2007 to May 2018 Primary Responsibilities  • Sr. IT Program Manager for Anthem Projects exercising Waterfall and Agile methodologies  • Management/oversight of Delivery performed by Client FTEs and other vendors including Cognizant  • Daily sync up with IT PMs and Business PMs of assigned programs  • Risk mitigation and Issue monitoring  • Driving defect triage conference calls during Test execution  • Publish stakeholder reports to Project teams, Business stakeholders and Senior Management Education Masters Degree in Computer Applications in PROGRAM MANAGEMENT SKILLS Sri Venkateswara University College of Engineering - Tirupati, Andhra Pradesh Skills Acceptance Testing (5 years), COBOL (2 years), Databases (6 years), Offshore (4 years), Testing (10+ years), Project Management (10+ years), People Management (10+ years), Scrum, Jira, Agile Scrum Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) April 2007 to Present Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS    • Technology Expertise    • Programming experience in Java/J2EE, JSP, COBOL  • Worked with Databases viz., Oracle, SQL Server, DB/2  • End-to-end Test Management using HP Quality Center  • Working experience with Rational tools (Rational Requisite Pro, Rational Team Concert);  • Works in collaboration with IT and Business stakeholders  • Coordinated with WGS, ISG, NASCO and AIM platforms;    • Areas of Expertise    1  Kishore Ramadhenu - Resume  • End-to-End IT Delivery Ownership • Agile (Scrum) Implementation  • Risk and Issue Management • User Acceptance Testing  • Onsite-Offshore Model Implementation • Risk-based Testing