IT Program Manager and IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> and <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Program Manager and IT Project Manager Leonard Holding, Inc./ Surlean Foods San Antonio, TX Work Experience IT Program Manager and IT Project Manager Robert Half at Leonard Holding, Inc./ Surlean Foods - San Antonio, TX August 2017 to Present Location: San Antonio, TX  Summary: IT Program Manager and Project Manager for new ERP, EDI and BI implementation, responsible for building and implementation of Digital Roadmap, Team and Structure, Strategy, Security and Budget for the initiative.  • Implementation Manager of new ERP integration with BI & EDI.  • Monitoring and control of Project plans, migration plan, implementation plan, deliverable, dashboard, status report.  • Implementation planning, coordination, internal team setup for ERP, EDI, BI (Cognos) and internal team management.  • Responsible for vendor / partner management, Review of Vendor contract, Monitor and Control delivery of Partners.  • Resource planning and Architecture discussion with Cross team and Partners.  • Accountable for timeline, variance, ROI, Architecture alignment, Cost and Budget. Program/ Project Manager and IT Partner Solomon Page, Inc June 2016 to July 2017 responsible for building and implementation of, Digital Roadmap, Cloud Strategy, IT Security and Infrastructure modernization for the organization. The key roles include, building overall roadmap, team setup, working with external vendors, Cloud strategy and Liaison to IT Governance Board. Other major responsibilities are evaluating vendors, external products and services, analyzing ROI and presenting to top leaders.  • Implemented new integrated system for Donation, Campaign, fund allocation and integration with QB.  • Worked on Housing and asset management integrated web management system as Program & Project manager.  • Key technology used .Net, Angular, SQL Server, Patterns and Webforms, with Salesforce integration.  • Driving BRD and System requirement discussion, Coordinate UAT and SIT with teams, Resource planning and Architecture discussion.  • Participated in delivery process and audits for all the project delivery as offshore project manager. IT Delivery Manager, IT Program Manager ACL, Inc 2015 to 2016 Summary: Program Manager, responsible and accountable for delivery for assigned program.  • Managed buildup of the integrated revenue management systems with key technologies .Net, Angular, SQL Server, upgrade of legacy systems to responsive web design.  • Periodic health review with leadership and Metrics reporting, driving decisions to closure, review and implement improvement plan, dashboard and status report. Managed upgrade program of Oracle EBS with BRM. Sr. IT Manager / Delivery Manager at MoneyGram MoneyGram January 2013 to July 2015 Summary: Delivery and Program manager, responsible delivery of the assigned programs.  • Delivered large upgrade program in AML, Mobile application interface with Bill pay systems using .Net, Angular, CSS, HTML5.  • Major components delivered on Agile, worked as Scrum Coach for scrum teams.  • Managed deliverable, risks, issues, driving decisions, preparing, monitoring and control of projects plans, migration plan, implementation plan, dashboard, status report, warranty. Responsible for metrics, quality, project and program management of assigned programs. Responsible for Employee development, retention and client satisfaction Cognizant Technology Solutions 2003 to 2015 Sr. IT Manager / Program Project Delivery Manager Ameriprise Financial January 2011 to 2013 Summary: Delivery and Program manager, responsible delivery of the assigned programs.  • Programs to build new trading, bank, bill pay, deposits, frozen funds etc. integration programs.  • Programs building components and integration with Thomson Reuters, FIS, Fiserv, SunGard, LPS, Epsilon, Broadridge and other external products and services.  • Latest technology UI and Apps using .Net, HTML5, CSS3 and MVC, Liferay, UCM.  • Managing deliverable, risks, issues, driving decisions, preparing, monitoring and control of projects plans, migration plan, implementation plan, dashboard, status report, warranty.  • Estimate, manage and monitor project cost, budget, resource calendar, resource time and efforts, infrastructure cost estimate and support costs, third party support ad software costs.  • Driving the architecture discussion, design review meetings, JAD sessions. IT Project Manager Ceridian Corporation April 2008 to January 2011 Duration - Apr 2008 - Jan 2011    Summary: -The Project Portfolio was suite of 7 applications that are interfaced with core Payroll processing application.  • Programs to integrate ERP with new Payroll engines and client interface website. Key technologies were .Net, SQL Server, Unix, Linux, Shell scripts, SSIS, SSRS and IBM WebSphere.  • Program to integrate Medicare, Healthcare benefits with other HR systems and compliance reporting interfaces  • Programs to enhance Data store to add the data need for newly built applications and migration to new ERP  • Key responsibilities were build project plan, schedule, estimate, cost, driving design (JAD), monitoring and control, resources forecast, project cost, risks, and implementation and warranty. BNY Mellon Financial Corporation November 2005 to April 2008 Project Lead BNY Mellon Financial Corporation November 2003 to November 2005 Duration - Nov 2003 - Nov 2005    Summary: - Front End System (FES) is used by service center reps to manage participant requests/changes for the Defined Benefits service offering. The Calc systems store the calculations and programs on how individual customer plans work. These systems/applications along with other TDD applications jointly support ACS's HR outsourcing Clients.  • As Project Lead have been involved in Peer Review, Design review, Design, Coding, Debugging and user testing, developed backend application to compute complex business logic of Defined Benefits. Key technologies were .Net, Oracle DB, PL SQL, C++, Unix, Shell scripts, AIX.  • Built and implemented new client's applications for Heinz, Exxon Mobil, Boehringer, Schering-Plough and Texaco. Team Lead / Developer / Senior Developer GE Healthcare July 2002 to November 2003 Summary: Developer / Senior developer worked on ERP implementation and custom report development; Database design and field mapping with legacy systems. As Team Lead have been involved in Design, Coding, Debugging and user testing. Developed custom interface and reports in Pl-SQL, Shell, Perl, C and Oracle report. Tata Consultancy Services 2000 to 2003 Team Lead / Developer July 2000 to June 2002 Summary: Developed the core modules of Tele-banking interface for modem-based solution, e.g. playback sound, record message and IVR decision logic. Deposit modules for short term, long term and term deposit interfaces. Developed communication and control interface with ATM machine and banking database. Education MBA in Business Management Indian Institute of Management Bachelor of Technology in Technology Indian Institute of Technology Skills It Project Management (10+ years)