Telephony Systems Manager Telephony Systems <span class="hl">Manager</span> Enterprise Telephony Systems Manager Jacksonville, FL Duties: Staff Management, Scheduling and Evaluations, Vendor Management, Budget Forecasting, Budget Management, Tracking, Billing and Reporting, Business and Personnel Conflict Resolution, Voice Platform Availability Assurance, New Product Evaluations, Disaster Recovery Planning and Testing, Voice Platform Support of Corporate Initiatives, Telephony Network and Component Outage Reporting, Local and Federal regulation compliance including 911 services. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Telephony Systems Manager Fidelity National Financial - Jacksonville, FL 2017 to Present • Spearhead, manage, coordinate, and maintain corporate-wide telecommunications systems with a budget of $5M.  • Provide expert documentation management of business processes and procedures that ensure standardization of network and telecom services, billing, inventory control, overall strategy, and execution of departmental activities.  • Recognized for streamlining and enhancing help-desk ticket processes that resulted in completing 10 to 20 transactions per hour (as opposed to only 1 to 2 transactions per hour) and significantly increasing productivity by more than 400%. Senior IT Consultant MSQ Consulting - Atlanta, GA 2016 to 2017 • Assessed needs for system reconfigurations on cloud operations, network design and administration, security and help desk management, and data center operations.  • Successfully executed the relocation of Voice and Network Data Center inclusive of installation of racks, voice/date circuits, UPS, and relocation of all DIDs.  • Served as an independent consultant responsible for implementing ITIL services, project management, identification of Web services, e-commerce, cyber security, billing, media communications, and marketing. Telecom Manager Infrastructure Bayview Asset Management - Miami, FL 2014 to 2016 • Managed and led the implementation and configuration of new IT systems and products, facilitated change control process to determine problem reports and enhancement priorities, and designed service dashboard that identified potential improvement opportunities.  • Successfully increased customer service quality experience to include design, configuration, verbiage, testing, and implementation of contact center technologies and integrations. Independent IT Project Management Consultant New York University, Princeton Group, and Headway Staffing 2010 to 2013 Served as Senior IT Project Management Consultant for New York University, Princeton Group, and Headway Staffing in the management, design, maintenance, development, and evaluation of infrastructure systems including LANs, WANs, Hardware, OS, internet, intranet, security, wireless implementations, systems, and utilities. Assistant Director, IT Telecom 1199SEIU National Benefit Funds - New York, NY 2007 to 2010 • Managed a team of 7 employees responsible for high-level project direction for Taft-Hartley self-administered funds, led a high-profile merger, and upgraded network telephone platforms.  • Designed, developed, and implemented disaster recovery plans for major power outages. Telecommunications Manager Hachette Filipacchi Media, Inc - New York, NY 2002 to 2007 Supervised a staff of 4, pilot tested Cicso CallManager with 35 stations in one remote location, established video conferencing in 5 locations, managed new voice systems in the consolidation of 6 offices into 1, and effectively transferred 5,000+ lines from Verizon to MCI with minimal business disruption. Education High school or equivalent Skills Cisco, Data center, Data center operations, Networking, Remedy, Solarwinds, Tcp/ip, Acd, Avaya, Polycom, Voip, Wireless, Network design, Tcp, Vm, Help desk management, Disaster recovery, Deployment, Ethernet, Http Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/stephanie-impliazzo Additional Information SUMMARY OF SKILLS  • Manage all aspects of "live" technical environments with responsibilities for the development, implementation, and execution of complex voice and data network mainframe systems and products throughout all process phases.  • Oversee software development and deployment, program and project management, wireless services, budget forecasts, organizational change monitoring, and carrier services.  • Recruit, supervise, educate, and train team members to operate at maximum proficiency, produce accurate and timely results, and maintain exceptional quality control standards.  • Conduct research, assess needs, and make recommendations for system reconfigurations, network design and administration, security and help desk management, and data center operations based on requirements and requested trends.  • Develop and implement technical policies and procedures that include architecture, security, disaster recovery, standards, purchasing, and service provision.  • Negotiate and build strong relationships with vendors to secure timely and cost-effective infrastructure-specific products and services as well as the development of procurement plans.  • Keep current and up-to-date with industry trends, technology, hardware, software, and new releases in order to optimize and maximize efficiency and productivity.  • Capable of simplifying and streamlining complex technical concepts with the ability to present in clear, concise, easy to understand terms.  • Continually recognized for excellence in job performance, exceeding corporate goals and objectives within projects timelines, and enhanced customer satisfaction.    KEY PRODUCT COMPETENCIES    Avaya PBX & VM Systems Avaya ASA/ADA/AEP/AES/CRM Avaya Contact  Presence Software Cisco Telepresence Microsoft Activity Directory  MS Office 365 Outlook, Excel, Work, Project, and Visio Oracle Middleware  Cisco Call Manager Cisco CUCM - Gateways - IPCC/ACD, SBC Cisco IOS NetFlow  Nuance Speech Recognition ServiceNow - Remedy Polycom ACD / Vector Design  ECAS Call Accounting Systems Solarwinds Apple Products  Networking: Ethernet, TCP/IP, HTTP, SMTP, NTP, SNMP, SIP/VoIP  Stephanie Impliazzo -