Information Systems Network Administrator Information Systems Network Administrator Information Systems Network Administrator - Federation of State Boards of Physical Therapy Alexandria, VA 8 years managing and performing installations and configurations of Cisco VoIP infrastructures. Including; network address assi gnments, management, and implementation of switch & routing protocols, alongside network and file server maintenance. Further expertise includes maintaining VoIP & Unified Communication platforms such as CUCM(x) Broadsoft UC/Broadworks and troubleshooting VoIP networks as well as provide admin and user end training. Work Experience Information Systems Network Administrator Federation of State Boards of Physical Therapy - Washington, DC September 2018 to Present Metro Area  Assess the potential of technology changes to improve the efficiency and cost effectiveness of existing systems, and make a recommendation for improvement to the supervisor.    Perform detailed requirements analysis, systems integration, strategic planning, network design, standard development, and project management duties for the Federation's Local Area Network.    Execute a preventative maintenance program covering all aspects of the Federation's Administrative Office Voice and Data Networks including digital and analog connectivity to remote sites.    Ensure proper configuration for efficient operation of all hardware (including desktop computers, laptop computer, printers, scanners, projectors, switches, routers, firewalls, etc.) operated by the Federation.    Design, implement and administer infrastructures for business solutions for the Administrative Office Voice and Data Networks, including installing, configuring and troubleshooting network systems.    Manage the Federations messaging solution, including mail servers, spam filtering, connection and interaction with the membership server, and remote connectivity via mobile and web-based platform technologies.    Manage and maintain an inventory and utilize system tools to keep end-user machines up to date with patches, software upBands, security updates and service packs.    Technologies: Nutanix, VMware ESX, Unitrends, Cisco 5500 series Firewalls, Cisco 4400 series routers, Cisco 3500 series switches, Cisco CCX,  CUCM, Cisco Collaboration tools IT Project Manager Smart Source Technologies, Inc - Arlington, VA April 2015 to Present Oversee deployment and support for various end-user devices. I would assist with troubleshooting applications in a Linux, Mac and Windows networked environment. My team and I provided direct support for Linux, Mac, Windows, ChromeOS, and Android platforms in addition to network-based applications. I would troubleshoot escalations of corporate resources and applications, via the corporate network and various  VPN Technologies. While developing and participating in local and worldwide IT projects and initiatives of medium to significant complexity. Addison Group Capital Region IT Infrastructure Manager, Operations Smart Source Technologies, Inc - Reston, VA September 2017 to September 2018 The sole engineer responsible for infrastructure maintenance and repair; procurement and end-user support for Addison Group's Capital region as well as various branch offices within the US. Other duties include: monitoring online security threats to our network and users. As well as managing the departmental budget and track regional spending.    - Implement several OC-3, DS-3 and T1 circuits for SRDF-A replication of our storage platform as well as backup telephony for our voice dictation systems.  - Support Corporate internal network with VOIP implementation on all Routers, Switch VLAN configuration and Cisco PIX Firewall  Changes as well as migrated all switches to a pure Cisco Switch Platform.  - Support all Active Directory objects (Users, Groups, and Systems) in both production and DR domains.  - Provide Help Desk support for all users.  - I managed the company network which consisted of Cisco 3500, 1800 series routers, 2900 series switches, and ASA 5500 series firewall.  - Remotely support our production Data Center located in Chicago, IL consisting of over 30 Windows 2000/Windows 2003 Servers,  Cisco core /Access layer switches and EMC Symmetrix storage platform.  - Evaluate and recommend new and emerging technologies for Addison Group, Hirestrategy, and CVPartners.  - It is designed and implemented new PowerEdge servers to increase network data storage.  - Build out of Data Center, LAN infrastructure refresh, and IT support for recent mergers and acquisitions.  - Managing project budgets, ensure project timelines, and communication to end users (customers) to safeguard requirements.  - It has reduced IT LAN cost by 35% through standardization and enhanced efficiency by 20%.  - In doing so, I aligned customer requirements with the overall corporate goals and initiatives.  - Proficient in Microsoft Office Products, AutoCAD, and Adobe Acrobat XI Pro Voice and Data Technician Resolvit, LLC - Reston, VA March 2017 to August 2017 Senior VoIP Consultant for Gate Gourmet (Reston, VA) providing highly sophisticated network systems design, engineering, operations, and maintenance, while offering cyber-security solutions for all global Gate Gourmet locations. Delivering an integrated approach to network & voice engineering design and management, as well as full IT life-cycle & collaboration services. Being trained in multiple disciplines allowed me to successfully maintain legacy systems as well as insert the latest technologies for voice, data, and video networks in fast-paced, mission-critical environments. Being the lead technician daily operations include but aren't limited to overseeing the installation, configuration, and operation of Dialpad telephony infrastructure device(s) and supporting Dialpad software across the enterprise, as well as Cisco CallManager, Unity Connection,  UCCX Contact Center and legacy PBX systems. VoIP Engineer T. Rowe Price - Baltimore, MD November 2016 to March 2017 Telecommunications liaison for the end-user community, addressing issues related to the availability and functionality of core Voice products and platforms, voice messaging systems, audio and video conference platforms. Independently supporting system design, user change requirements, problem diagnosis, system installation, and support, and repair and maintenance for a full range of telecommunications equipment encompassing analog and data technologies, while maintaining open communications with management. In addition to working with other groups, Procurement, Voice Applications teams to design new communication   systems based on new technology and user requirements. Providing input and resolutions to Help Desk tickets, keeping the Help Desk, management and the other team members informed about product changes for peripheral telecommunications equipment, as well as updating technical rules used to assist with problems.    Customer Facing Administrative Support providing second/third level technical support for voice and video technologies to customers, partners, account teams, and other Technical Assistance Center Engineers. I would also apply analytical skills and technical knowledge to solve product and network problems of moderate to high complexity. This included providing technology/product training and intellectual property material as required. I also acted as a focal point for large account network problem resolution. I submitted complete and correct bug reports in the area of expertise * Interacts across other technical teams and development teams at peer level * Acts as a technical expert and provides support on a world-wide basis * Generate clear and concise documentation in the form of case notes, technical tips, and white papers Network Administrator SoftLayer T. Rowe Price - Ashburn, VA November 2016 to February 2017 As part of the Compute Infrastructure team managing the infrastructure systems that are at the core of the IBM BlueMix Infrastructure (SoftLayer) Cloud offering. As one of the Network Administrators with a strong background in data science to assist with the metrics and systems telemetry data analysis to implement further automation of diagnostic and remediation processes, daily operations included Help in the day to day troubleshooting of services to formulate new ways to catch problems proactively. Regression testing of changes to validate statistical models.  Building automated processes to catch and remediate problems proactively. Building statistical models to weigh the risk of proposed rapid changes Working with message consumers and producers such as Apache Storm, Apache Samza, etc. VoIP Engineer Allied Telecom Arlington, VA September 2015 to November 2016 Technical support to external and internal clients. Work directly with clients, both technical and nontechnical, when appropriate to resolve VoIP issues Monitor communications tools and engage in both proactive and reactive troubleshooting and isolation of issues. Perform platform configuration in support of Add/Change/Delete requests for VoIP systems. Deploy and Administer hunt groups, call center, auto attendants, and other software-based VoIP features. Effectively communicate technical information to technical and non-technical audiences both internally and externally. Provide remote support and guidance for our Field Services department during repair dispatches. Provide timely notifications and updates to clients and internal departments during service impacting events. VoIP Engineer LongView International Technology Solutions Inc - Washington, DC December 2013 to October 2014 Dept. Of Veteran Affairs, Washington DC)   • Provide Tier I support for a managed VoIP service. Responsible for receiving, documenting, troubleshooting and processing service requests from customers or field technicians. • Assist other technicians and customers with basic support for system operations, maintenance, database changes, troubleshooting, remote installations, and minor upgrades.  • Provide operational support for the core components housed in data centers at customer locations including activity logs and security audit process. • Provide Tier 1 support for a managed VoIP service. • Receive, document, troubleshoot and process service request calls from customers or field technicians. • Assist technicians and customers with basic support for system operations, maintenance, database changes, troubleshooting, remote installations, and minor upgrades. • Generate National Service Desk (NSD) "Request" tickets for users that email the VACO IT VoIP Team distribution list (approximately 3 per day) or from answering the VoIP Help Desk for MAC work (approximately 50 calls per week). • Respond to "Request" tickets generated by NSD for MAC work (approximately 30-45 per week). • Install VoIP user telephones. • Advise user on how to set up their VoIP phones. • Train users on how to operate the VoIP Phones, (training sessions are approximately 5 to 15 minutes long and are used to show the users specific VoIP Phone features). • Install VoIP software "IP Communicator" or equivalent application. •  Generate a Tier I Support Monthly report that lists all NSD Help Desk request and incidents tickets that were handled. Report to include: a. A total number of NSD requests and incidents handled. b. Many NSD tickets closed. c. Number of NSD tickets still open with a description of why they are not closed Network Administrator CareTech Solutions Sibley Memorial Hospital - Washington, DC October 2013 to December 2013 Internship at Sibley Memorial Hospital)   • Provide Day2Day Operational & Engineering support to a 2000 + user / 3000+ device enterprise. • Administrator for UCCX; create accounts, configure service queues, update settings, troubleshoot, & resolve the issue, escalate to the vendor or Cisco TAC. • Administrator for RightFax (OpenText); creating accounts, configuring SIP Trunks in CUCM as required, troubleshoot, & resolve the issue, escalate to OpenText. •  Administrator for Cisco Call Manager v.7x v.8.x • Administrator for Cisco's Unity Server v.7x v.8.x • Interface with customers to provide training and resolve trouble issues. Track & update trouble tickets using "BMC Remedy" • Manage escalation of incidents, opening TAC i ncidents with Cisco and vendors. • Vendor management/relations • Managed projects; phone deployments, upgrades Education Masters of Business Administration in Business Administration Economics Post University - Waterbury, CT October 2012 to April 2015 Bachelors in Finance & Intl in Finance & Intl Business Keiser University-Ft Lauderdale - Fort Lauderdale, FL May 2009 to March 2012 Skills Network Administration (Less than 1 year), Network Security (Less than 1 year), security (2 years), Security (Less than 1 year), VOIP (5 years), Active Directory, Windows, Technical Support, Networking Additional Information SKILLS    VOIP (6 years), Network Administration (5 years), Network Management (5 years), Network Security    LINKS    http://linkedin.com/brandonstrickland