Project Analyst <span class="hl">Project</span> Analyst Project Analyst - Pike Engineering Raleigh, NC As my academic and work history will suggest, I feel well equipped to handle a position such as this, and I look forward to the opportunities that it will afford. As a raduate, I am eager to undertake an opportunity to demonstrate the knowledge, skills and abilities gained while attending North Wesleyan College as a Computer Science Information Systems student. I believe that this position will allow me to utilize what I have learned thus far, while continuing to aid in my personal and professional growth as a new member in this industry. Currently now I’m in the process of taking the exam for CAPM (Certified Associate Project Management)    In addition to my academic studies, I feel that I have invaluable work experience that has afforded me the opportunity to become a well-rounded employee with an array of transferrable skills, particularly beneficial in a role such as this. As a manager responsible for the performance of others, I have fine-tuned my ability to motivate others and achieve team cohesiveness towards common goals and objectives. I also possess the ability to think quickly and strategically, while working to determine the best course of action regarding issue resolution. I feel that such skills are imperative to a role such as this and add value to the perspective that I could bring as a candidate.     I am a confident, driven, and eager to learn; and I enjoy the challenge of each new project. I work with a sense of urgency and try to positively influence others through my own work ethic. Based on my understanding of the position qualifications, I feel that I could positively impact my immediate team and the organization at large. Please find attached my resume, which further details my experience. Should you require additional information, please feel free to reach out to me. Thank you for your time and consideration    With practical knowledge related to Computer Science Information Systems. Ability to provide experience and skill regarding the following subject matter: CSS object oriented programming (Java); data communication and networking; computer and network security; computer forensics; criminal procedures; systems analysis and design; web authoring & publishing; business communication; and information system project management. Current working work closely with upper management to make sure that the scope and direction of each project is on schedule, as well as other departments for support. Work Experience Project Analyst Pike Engineering - Raleigh, NC December 2017 to Present • Analyst for NCDOT Highway (North Carolina Department of Transportation)  • Operate using Maximo, G-Tech, MyWorld, Powerplan, and etc.  • Write work orders as well as QC peers  • Assist 21 Designers with all projects  • Built portfolio, processed and estimated over 37 Million Dollars of current and future DOT projects   • Coordinate internal resources and third parties/vendors for the flawless execution of projects  • Ensure that all projects are delivered on-time, within scope and within budget  • Developing project scopes and objectives, involving all relevant stakeholders and ensuring technical feasibility  • Ensure resource availability and allocation  • Develop a detailed project plan to track progress  • Use appropriate verification techniques to manage changes in project scope, schedule and costs  • Measure project performance using appropriate systems, tools and techniques  • Report and escalate to management as needed  • Manage the relationship with the client and all stakeholders  • Perform risk management to minimize project risks  • Establish and maintain relationships with third parties/vendors  • Create and maintain comprehensive project documentation    Storm Response  • 2018 Hurricane Florence  • Provided on site evaluation of damage or loss caused by natural event.  • Record the extent of the damage, resources required based upon the request of Duke Energy  • Identified primary and secondary electrical facilities  • Post Feeder Sweeps Inventory Manager US Cellular - Rocky Mount, NC May 2017 to December 2017 • Manage business development activities while consistently meeting and exceeding district, regional and corporate sales goals.  • Develop weekly performance data reports for distribution to store and district managers.  • Monitor customer preferences to determine buying motivations and strategic selling points.  • Monitor store inventory while enacting effective loss prevention techniques.  • Oversee regional and local sales managers and associated staff. Assistant Manager Finish Line - Rocky Mount, NC February 2016 to May 2017 • Led sales and maintained individual sales quota while overseeing regional and local sales managers and associated staff.  • Facilitated staff, training, and performance evaluations to maintain effective store operations.  • Reviewed operational records and reports to project sales and determine profitability.  • Promoted to Assistant Manager within 2 years of joining the company. Monitor YMCA - Rocky Mount, NC May 2015 to April 2017 Rocky Mount, NC 05/2015 - Present  Gym Monitor  • Instruct individuals or groups in sports rules, game strategies, and performance principles, such as specific ways of moving the body, hands, or feet, to achieve desired results.  • Oversee and authorize entrance and departure of employees, visitors, and other persons to guard against theft and maintain security of premises.  • Monitor athlete use of equipment to ensure safe and proper use.  • Explain and enforce safety rules and regulations. Assistant IT Tech Nash - Rocky Mount County - Rocky Mount, NC June 2016 to August 2016 IT Technicians  • Installed peripherals such as printers and routers; in addition to repairing equipment  • Provided daily support for computer network users  • Configured hardware and software Assistant IT Tech (Information System Department) North Carolina Wesleyan College - Rocky Mount, NC June 2015 to March 2016 • Performed a variety of tasks directly related to Computer Information Systems such as changing Wi-Fi ports, creating and inputting data into Excel spreadsheets, and computer De Band  • Consulted with experienced staff to understand stakeholder impacts resulting from process and technology changes.  • Ensured technology services adhered to policies, procedures and guidelines set forth by the department.  • Documented procedures for new initiatives and ensured that staff and management were abreast.  • Collaborated with Information Systems staff to assist on key projects and initiatives Sales Associate Finish Line - Rocky Mount, NC October 2014 to January 2016 • Subject matter expert regarding all products and services, as well as promotions and sales.  • Provided customer service by greeting and assisting customers, and responding to customer inquiries or dissatisfaction.  • Monitored sales activities to ensure that customers received satisfactory service and a quality experience.  • Managed inventory and worked to ensure stock was current and adequate at all times. Assistant Manager/ Manager AutoBell - Rocky Mount, NC December 2014 to May 2015 • Pre-soaked or rinsed machine parts, equipment, or vehicles by immersing objects in cleaning solutions or water, manually, or using hoists.  • Rinsed objects and placed them on drying racks or use cloth, squeegees, or air compressors to dry surfaces.  • Engaged with customers to understand preferences and detailing needs and ensure a satisfactory experience.  • Mixed cleaning solutions, abrasive compositions, or other compounds, according to formulas. Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Infomation Systems- Concentration Pre-Engineering / Minor Criminal Justice North Carolina Wesleyan College - Rocky Mount, NC August 2013 to April 2017 Skills Estimating, budget, Scheduling, Microsoft Project, Sales, Outlook, maintenance, Auto CAD