IT PROJECT MANAGER II <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">PROJECT</span> <span class="hl">MANAGER</span> II IT PROJECT MANAGER II - IRONBRICK - MCCLEAN, VA Project management professional who has successfully managed Test Upgrades and Implementations throughout the lifecycle of  various projects to result in business transformations. Areas of strength include utilizing a strong business and IT background to effect  vital change, managing cross-functional team communication as well as cultivating solid relationships. Currently looking for  opportunities to utilize the analytical, business, communication skills and educational background and prior success in a Management  role. Work Experience IT PROJECT MANAGER II IRONBRICK - MCCLEAN, VA August 2017 to Present IronBrick focuses on the design and architecture expertise for federal projects, while implementing scale data center solutions for commercial-based projects.  • Managed multiple high-quality commercial-based and federal projects per quarter.  • Managed all hardware components and activities for the GITM DOD project.  • Maintained the objectives of the projects and accomplished within scope, schedule, and quality parameters, as defined within the Statement of Work.  • Worked with stakeholders to maintain contract compliance by adhering to statement of work, fulfilling deliverables, and assessing  risk throughout the project lifecycle  • Provided weekly or daily project status reports to monitor and track the progress of project.  • Served as a main point-of-contact for the project team, customer, and partners.  • Managed cross-functional teams comprised of internal, subcontractor, and customer staff in a matrix environment.  • Identified resource scheduling needs and coordinated with the resource manager or subcontractor as appropriate.    PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE IT PROJECT MANAGER II BLOOMIN' BRANDS, INC - Tampa, FL October 2016 to July 2017 Bloomin' Brands, Inc. provides real time order tracking features and innovative dining concepts to differentiate the restaurant  business.  • Manage 1 to 2 multi-million projects per quarter  • Maintain project budget and open Accounts Receivables  • Lead weekly Go Live installations and Dispatch activations in 10-20 restaurants  • Review and create Support task list for customer tracking  • Recognize opportunities to increase automation; plan and execute projects to deliver on savings and increased efficiencies  • Manage testing and installation to ensure project stays on target for Go Live release date  • Ensure Business Readiness milestones are delivered on time  • Identify and manage all possible risks/issues and mitigate delays  • Tracked and managed weekly software dispatch activations.  • Monitored weekly software terminal errors during Go Live.    PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE PROJECT COORDINATOR TRIBRIDGE - Tampa, FL June 2014 to September 2016 Tribridge is a technology services firm that delivers consulting expertise specializing in business applications and cloud  solutions.  Direct all phases of small to medium cross functional projects from Initiation through Closure utilizing the SDLC Project  Management methodology.  • Manage 40-50 projects per month  • Ensure all projects remain within budget and are current within their billing period  • Lead face to face working sessions when appropriate  • Ability to support multiple projects simultaneously successfully  • Recognize opportunities to increase automation; plan and execute projects to deliver on savings and increased efficiencies  • Manage UAT Testing to ensure project stays on target for implementation while resolve any defects that may be encountered  • Ensure Business Readiness milestones are delivered on time  • Participated/led all aspects of the project to include Requirements and UAT Testing  • Lead weekly status calls to ensure transparency of project is provided to all impacted groups as well as provide executive  level summary/dashboards status documents  • Identify and manage all possible risks/issues and mitigate delays  • Ensures that projects adhere to all audit findings, policies, state and federal guidelines/regulations  • Member of The Women's Networks Executive Board  • Co-founder and member of the Diversity and Inclusion Program INTERN EDM MEDIA - London May 2012 to August 2012 DATA MANAGEMENT ASSOCIATE  EDMMEDIA is an international company specializing in direct marketing through the intelligent use of data by serving more than 200 not-for-profit organizations in more than 7,500 campaigns.  • Analyzed revenue for non-profit organization  • Served as liaison with over 36 charities across the country such as PETA and the International Fund for Animal Welfare  • Created and maintained databases in Microsoft Excel to manage various charity associations    TECHNICAL / NON-TECHNICAL SKILLS:  • Microsoft Word  • Excel  • PowerPoint  • Microsoft Project Education Bachelor of Science in Management Information Systems Florida State University - Tallahassee, FL May 2014 Skills PROJECT LIFECYCLE (1 year), SDLC (2 years), C++, JAVA, ARCHITECTURE (1 year) Additional Information CORE COMPETENCIES    SDLC Project Lifecycle Coordination • Building/Leading Solid Teams • External Consulting • Best Practices • Budgeting & Cost-  Control • Cultivating Customer Relationships • Evaluating & Assessing Risk • Vendor Relations • Technology Architecture  & Integration • Strong Communication & Presentation Skills • C++ Programming • JAVA