AGILE SCRUM MASTER/COACH AGILE SCRUM MASTER/COACH AGILE SCRUM MASTER/COACH Work Experience AGILE SCRUM MASTER/COACH Cigna - Windsor, CT February 2019 to July 2019 CRM Customer MDM  Application development senior advisor, Coached and lead cross-functional scrum teams toward better solutions and improved business results. Assist in facilitating the team and program events and ceremonies. Removed impediments to the team's progress and assisted the team in implementing SAFe into daily work  Responsible for the development and support of Enterprise Customer Preferences, System Catalog, Individual Identity and other customer aligned profile solutions in support of CRM, Data Quality and other Enterprise strategies  Supported implementation of complex and emerging technologies in support of Cigna's Enterprise MDM platform and Participate in growing strategic partner relationships with Information Mgmt., Enterprise Utilities, WebIT, Mobile, and Core CRM  Lead scrum teams to position the MDM Delivery organization to provide support on an Enterprise basis  Ensure implementation and integration of DevOps approaches, tools and processes for Source Control, Build Automation, Automated Unit Test, Code Review, Automated Deployment and Automated Testing  Ability to understand and translate business requirements into meaningful end to end solutions  Developed and championed the use of agile dashboards and reporting tools PMO LEAD/SENIOR PM - IS/ IT Nestle Waters - Stamford, CT August 2018 to December 2018 NWNA Business Analytics  • As Senior project management Lead I had to work with various business and IS/ IT groups internal and external to the organization to ensure delivery of custom analytic software solutions.  • Create and implement processes for merging of U-SQL data ingestion streams through a datafactory and migration of environment to production SQL data cube for Azure cloud computing and data warehousing for portfolio departments.  • Project management of existing analytic solutions and development of new solutions. Managing smaller issues & enhancement requests, utilizing Microsoft office suite and Microsoft DevOps management solution.  • Facilitate meetings with end-user clients to perform requirements gathering and create use cases, and ensure proper documentation and deliverables are created and maintained for all project work.  • Perform system analysis, conceptual design, functional design, and structured end-to-end Testing strategy. PRODUCT OWNER Cigna - Bloomfield, CT June 2018 to August 2018 Pharmacy Business Readiness Services/Solutions Enablement  • Develop & manage the scope and priorities of test automation work for all Pharmacy application s which includes integration across systems & teams, including Test only support for vendor testing as well as support of Waterfall/Kanban teams when vendors are impacted.  • Collaborate with CIT teams to ID critical, high priority opportunities for test automation and Drive the initial and ongoing touch points with Business Leaders to introduce the automation strategy to be deployed within the SAFe process.  • Uses metrics and standard progress reporting methods and issue/risk management to demonstrate to key stakeholders that business value is being delivered  • As PO, participate in the daily standup, sprint grooming, sprint demos, and other relevant agile ceremonies. Refine items on the backlog through collaboration with Scrum Master, SMEs and POs of the CIT teams, and Owns the acceptance of completed user stories as part of the agile efforts to deliver work.  • As part of steering committee, participate in program increment planning (PI) that occurs every 10 weeks to support the Pharmacy Agile Release Trains. Supports the larger breakdown of work and functional decomposition of larger capabilities (EPICS) and smaller FEATURES in to manageable work (user stories) utilizing CA Rally PM tool. SENIOR PROJECT MANAGER/SCRUM MASTER - IoT PASSENGER EXPERIENCE (CONTRACT) OTIS/UTC - Farmington, CT June 2017 to July 2018 Digital Products  • Conferred with consumer stakeholders to grow and develop Digital, Business, and Marketing strategies to manage project and product requests for global deployment of mobility solution (eView CTool)  • Acting Project Manager: Developed an overall IoT and Mobile product support ecosystem engagement strategy utilizing ALM in defects tracking.  • Lead the development of policy and governance frameworks and the deployment of pilots with Marketing, business, and Legal departments and other stakeholders for eView In-Cab Display Unit (MPD)  • Conducted SWOT analysis marketing and business partners to define digital business process opportunities enabled by new and shared technologies in the next generation hosting architecture (i.e. cloud), rest API, and security culture.  • Acting Scrum Master: Facilitate Agile scrum ceremonies for offshore team, guiding them through sprints to drive effective project delivery, integration, and coordination; through a highly collaborative approach and effective process management to facilitate migration of applications throughout implementation stages towards the production environment.  • Utilized Agile/Scrum principles to organize and facilitate release & sprint planning, release & sprint retrospectives, daily stand-ups, and inter-team backlog grooming throughout sprint iterations. Guiding the team to foster continuous improvement in Agile ceremonies and sprints utilizing Confluence, JIRA, WebEx, and ALM.  • Estimated project velocity utilizing story points to track units of work. Created and implemented the use of backlog and user stories to generate epics.  • Acting Product Manager: Enhanced oversees Country Administrator knowledge base by conducting group product knowledge and Q&A sessions with Egypt, Berlin, London, Switzerland, Austria, Spain, and Japan for product feedback utilizing WebEx. Led testing and setup for Customer Visits for Passenger Experience and eView at Bristol Test Tower.  • Coordinated business requirements for a team of 12 internal and outside vendor employees  • Created and maintained several SharePoint sites to display how-to information, business process documents, and various guides to help the department integrate the new tool with protocol.  • Created Survey for Country administrator utilization to create analytics on user adoption in Confluence  • Launched SharePoint site for product documentation, with calendar for product event notifications for Country Administrators. Created and conducted all training & documentation on MPD applications for Marketing Department  • Digital Branding IT steering committee lead and liaison between Development team, Marketing, Project Management Groups and Customer Administrators. PROJECT MANAGER/SCRUM MASTER- PMO IT SHARED DELIVERY SERVICES - Enfield, CT February 2016 to November 2016 Content/Front-End Management Retirement Services PMO/TS Web Portals  • Provided SDLC & PM support to Retirements Services PMO & TS Web Portals full stack team. Provided data analyst/BI support, generating executive level dashboards for monthly reporting in alignment with PMO Requirements for Retirement Services Tech Strategy IT delivery.  • Created, implemented, and maintained project plans, issues log, and testing problem log utilizing Quality Center, Microsoft Project, & Excel. Update ERM assessment documents, communication plans, milestone documents, and summarization of scope issues, project org charts, Resource Time Cards and distribution of status reports via SharePoint. Provide calendar support, scheduling and managing logistics of meetings.  • Managed onshore, offshore resources & project financials monthly, containing the large data set to reflect and maintain variances less than 10k for a 1.9M budget. Distributed reflective reporting to Integral business Lead on ad-hoc basis.  • Managed content and compliance approvals during migration of older FMT Data Center utilization and newly created web portal and cloud based data repository. Facilitate and update the content from PRD's via SiteCore and Trex. Provide UAT functional defect testing for portals via QA team. Applied detailed knowledge of best practices and applies lessons learned QA & TECHNOLOGY PORTFOLIO SENIOR ANALYST/SCRUM MASTER ESPN - Bristol, CT August 2014 to October 2015 EMERGING TECHNOLOGY/PMO  • Cross-functional contact between the Portfolio Management team (PMO) and Consumer Software Engineering. Developed and built relationships with the business leaders, project and program managers. Gathered QA status information for Consumer Software Engineering. Collaborated with other Portfolio Coordinators on consolidating and generating the QA assessment report to be distributed bi-weekly. Coordinated with Product Owners for the capture of each product within the SDLC.  • Integral Lead for the encompassing of case & deployment scope within AtTask/Workfront to replace in-house and third party tools utilizing Jira HP QC ALM Clarizen & Google Docs. Enforced a standard process utilizing ERP in workforce management, to enforce project request and track time against tasks and issues.  • Produced monthly financial aggregate reports from large data to reflect the performance of all projects within the Technology and Product portfolios. Tied data between the Portfolio team and the Finance organization within excel using pivot tables and custom charting to maximize benefits for projects, and performance audits. Data sets included business justification, ROI, staff capacity and budgets. Reclassification to Capital, Cost Center spend detail, Commitments per user to Capital  • BottomLine QA contributor for White-box & Black-box testing of source code structural integrity and features functionality.  • Scrum lead for the changeover from the Waterfall methodology to Agile with Scrum for the creation and implementation of the newest ESPN BottomLine version. Incorporated the use of Jama and extraction of data from HP Quality Center with respect to original and new features and user requirements to ensure acceptance criteria for test case coverage, and eliminating defects and rework.  • Created BottomLine 2.0 Operations Manual including processes, Visio replicated wireframes, work-around, and features-set.  • Incorporated SDLC to design, build, and deploy an automated program for the preparation of the monthly Capital and Expense Aggregate Report into visually stimulating web application utilizing HTML5, CSS architecture, GITHUB repository and RAW data modeling API infrastructure.  • Implemented Agile Development process in a weak matrix environment with Daily Scrum standups to encourage the use and changeover of JIRA/JAMA. Implemented an executive level summary dashboard for Product Team Priorities and Status Reporting utilizing large volumes of data such as product roadmaps, change logs, and priority assignments acquired and mitigated from Sharepoint, Quality Center, Dropbox, Confluence, and Google Drive and Organized in excel using filtering, pivot tables, and cell referencing on monthly basis. Education MASTER OF SCIENCE in BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING/NANO ENGINEERING North Carolina Agricultural & Technical State University - Greensboro, NC 2015 BACHELOR OF SCIENCE in INDUSTRIAL ENGINEERING North Carolina Agricultural & Technical State University - Greensboro, NC 2009 Skills C++, VISIO, VISUAL BASIC, VISUAL BASIC 6, VISUAL BASIC 6.0, PRODUCT MANAGEMENT, CSS, MICROSOFT PROJECT, SAS, SDLC, SQL, SAP, ANDROID, HTML5, KRONOS, MATLAB, MINITAB, UNIX, EXCEL, MICROSOFT EXCEL