Fraud Specialist Fraud Specialist Fraud Specialist - Capital One Saint Cloud, MN Work Experience Fraud Specialist Capital One - Saint Cloud, MN January 2019 to Present Technical Scope: Lexis Nexis, Innovis, HoneyComb, Profile, IRIS, Amazon Connect  Verify and analyze member accounts behavior to avoid fraud or loss. Collect pertinent case information by conducting interviews through phone or direct interaction to fraud victims. Provide appropriate counselling and education concerning theft cases to potential victims. Maintain database of client personal information and fraud case data for timely retrieval. Coordinate with investigators to assist in tracking and resolving complex fraud issues.  Key Achievements:  * Reviewed over 500 accounts on a monthly basis to identify fraudulent applications and maintained 95% quality assurance rating.  * Facilitated training on fraud and identity theft to more than 20 customers daily, reducing operational deficiencies by 15%. IT Project Specialist St. Cloud University - Saint Cloud, MN August 2017 to January 2018 Technical Scope: JIRA, Scrum, Kanban, Oracle, Learning Management System for MN State Colleges, Automatic Storage Management (ASM), Windows, Mac OS  Assessed technical issues on university's existing Learning Management System (LMS) and recommended areas for improvement. Designed new online instructional materials and courses for upgraded LMS. Prepared a comprehensive cost-benefit analysis and presented it to management. Assisted Project Manager in identifying system issues; collecting functional & non-functional user requirements; and rendering it into user stories that will be utilized for Scrum process. Liaised with database administrators (DBAs) and ASM users regarding data transfer, migration, and merging. Communicated and assisted software engineers, system developers, and administrators concerning LMS updates and other alterations. Planned and scheduled events, including user acceptance testing and product integration, by using Kanban system.  Key Achievements:  * Streamlined project development lifecycle using data visualization schemes, such as process flow diagrams, test & use cases, and performed functionality & regression testing.  * Successfully relaunched scholarship website and reviewed more than 100 student profiles to optimize recruitment process of scholarship program in 2018.  * Leveraged social media by posting scholarship program advertisements, increasing volume of applicants by 10%. Project Manager Rapido Impex Private Ltd - Colombo, LK October 2016 to August 2017 Sri Lanka  Technical Scope: UNIX, Windows, MS Office-based Project Management Tool, Adobe Lightroom CC  Devised feasible plan aligned with company's overall business strategy and project's objectives & goals. Carried out cost-benefit analysis on acquisition of new set of machineries. Administered product testing to ensure new machines' optimum functionality. Researched and collaborated with potential sugarcane suppliers.  Key Achievements:  * Championed in developing "Juze-up" brand name and tagline and in launching the product.  * Conducted a comprehensive feasibility study and communicated results to management, reducing implementation cost by 10%. Data Analyst Fonterra Brands Private Ltd - Colombo, LK October 2015 to October 2016 Sri Lanka  Technical Scope: UNIX, OEM tape drives/hard drives, Windows, Mac OS, Oracle Business Intelligence, MS Office  Assisted in developing and implementing data analyses, data collection systems, and other methods to optimize statistical quality and efficiency. Gathered market information by liaising with agencies, such as AC Nielsen or LMRB, and maintained database. Collaborated with territory managers to coordinate with field operations, tracked key performance indicators (KPI), and prepared KPI reports to management.  Key Achievements:  * Implemented HoReCa project, increasing outlet reach by 26% while maintaining average annual sales growth of 5%.  * Proposed and rolled out two pilot programs which boosted productivity of sales and distribution. Education Master of Science in Information Assurance in Information Assurance St. Cloud State University - Saint Cloud, MN Bachelor of Business Management in Marketing Management in Business Management University of Kelaniya Skills Database, Sql server, Oracle, Sql, Linux, Jira, C++, Html, Javascript, Python, Vba, Visio, Css, Mac, Mac os, Microsoft office, Windows server 2008, Kanban, Excel, MS Office, Business Intelligence, testing, Powerpoint Links http://linkedin.com/in/thisara-dhammika-eranga-8964bb56