Consultant, Business Development Consultant, Business Development Consultant, Business Development Oceanside, CA Energetic and driven worker seeking a career in the EMS field. Eager to  develop further technical expertise and learn new skills, while providing  excellent patient care in emergency situations. Work Experience Consultant, Business Development 211 San Diego - San Diego, CA August 2018 to December 2018 Collect and analyze business requirements for ERP upgrade and select  suitable provider  ? Oversee contact management and data entry for executive team  ? Assess sponsorship levels and reach out to regional businesses and donors for upcoming summit  ? Identify novel grant opportunities that align with 2-1-1 objectives  ? Reformat and update new hire templates  ? Update Salesforce data to match current initiatives and project tracking Student Manager Northern Arizona University - Flagstaff, AZ September 2016 to May 2018 Assist in the hiring and training process of event staff. Ensure facilities  and venues are properly staffed and stocked with supplies.  ? Manage various facility operations including ticket processing, event  ushers and security, and stage setup and teardown, custodial duties, and event break down activities.  ? Coordinate the cleaning and security of various offices and athletic  facilities. IT Intern, Project Management, M&A Qualcomm Inc - San Diego, CA May 2016 to August 2016 May 2017 - August 2018  ? Manage data entry and status reporting for project management team  through the use of ServiceNow.  ? Send out email communications to large teams and update weekly,  bi-weekly, and monthly status reports.  ? Assess project budget and purchase orders through Corp Oracle.  ? Track and forecast project spend through Oracle and Excel.  ? Schedule a variety of meetings and appointments for executives,  managers, and teams.  ? Create summary documents and deliverables for various projects.  ? Reformat a multitude of templates to create a functional, consistent  standard for the M&A Team.  ? Create process documents to outline various IT related activities.  ? Maintain travel logs for various IT teams. Education B.S. in Biology / Exercise Northern Arizona University - Flagstaff, AZ August 2014 to June 2018 Certifications/Licenses EMT-B June 2019 to June 2021