Associate IT Project Manager Associate <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Associate IT Project Manager - First National Bank of PA • Project Management and Business analysis experience in financial and healthcare industry  • Experienced in requirements gathering and documentation, QA and UAT testing, software implementation,  • Strong understanding in various stages of SDLC using various methodologies AGILE, Waterfall, SCRUM.  • Worked very extensively in defect tracking tool like Quality Centre for reviewing requirements, bug reporting, Bug tracking.  • Executed the test cases in different QA environments and created the test cases using data scenarios and data driven approach.  • Expert in handling large volume data conversion, data cleansing, production report generation, and upholding scheduled data delivery standards  • As a Business Analyst was responsible for the data quality requirements of a project, monitors, investigates, corrects, and prevents data quality problems.  • Analyzed and provided the historical, current, and predictive views of data stored in sales, production and financial databases.  • Experience in tracking Test Coverage, creating and analyzing Traceability Metrics.  • In depth technical knowledge and understanding of data warehouse, data validation, oracle and ETL.  • Extensive knowledge of the relational data modeling and relational database concepts like Tables, Primary and foreign keys, Views and Referential Integrity. Proficient in the data manipulation using SQL for the retrieval of data from the relational database (inner joins, outer join, group by, order by, cursors etc.) Work Experience Associate IT Project Manager First National Bank of PA - Pittsburgh, PA February 2019 to Present Data Governance/ Credit Risk Management:  Responsibilites:    • Provide project management support on key initiatives.  • Lead and support new client implementation, conversion, transition and stabilization support activities.  • Work with internal business users and assigned project resources collecting and analyzing business requirements for project implementations, ongoing maintenance and system enhancements.  • Initiating KPIs, developing, providing and monitoring ops performance dashboards on a regular basis  • Work in a high performing transformational team shaping the next generation data & BI platforms  • To support Business & Technical teams with expert guidance and consultancy in all matters relating to Business Intelligence, Analytics, and Reporting  • Produce testing documents and test cases and performs testing as required.  • Support systems development teams and business areas as required.  • Continuously devise ways to improve team operations.  • Build knowledge of industry topics and trends through internal training, external training and self-study, as appropriate.  • Worked in the performance tuning of the programs, ETL Procedures and processes  • Tracking issues and risks associated with project  • Ability to understand how different projects will integrate together within the organization  • Schedule & facilitate meeting with key stakeholders  • Document current process and proposed future process  • Requirements are fully documented and signed off on by key stakeholders  • Perform other tasks and special projects, as required.    Environment: SQL Server, MS Visio, MS Tools, Quality Centre, Teradata, Oracle, ETL Project Coordinator ERT - Pittsburgh, PA January 2018 to February 2019 Responsibilites:  • Lead the Planning and Setup, Monitoring, and Closeout phases of eCOA Clinical Trials/Study management which include:  ? Gathering customer requirements and relaying to internal teams (including software development teams)  ? Developing study documentation  ? Distributing/tracking equipment  ? Creating/distributing reports  ? Archiving study data and documentation  ? Appropriately setting and fulfilling of customer expectations  • Monitor eCOA study timelines and manage the financial components of each study, which include:  ? Budget review  ? Revenue forecasting  ? Scope changes  ? Invoice reconciliation    • Identify potential study risks and mitigations, and escalate as appropriate.  • Manage internal/external negotiations and promote collaboration to foster a positive team environment, effective communications, and efficient use of resources to meet study timelines and contractual obligations.  • Apply problem solving strategies to address customer issues and maintain issue tracking documentation to monitor progress and ensure timely resolution to customer escalations.  • Ensure compliance with timely training completion/documentation.  • Present study services at Investigator Meetings or site initiation meetings as needed.  • Attend client meetings with Business Development and/or Operational teams to present Company services and Operational Data flow, as needed.  • Assist with training new members of the Project Management team.  • Perform other duties, assignments, or special projects as time and/or circumstances necessitate.  • Monitor study timelines and manage the financial components of each study    Environment: MS Visio, MS Tools, Oracle, Chrome, salesforce Business Analyst 1 Vormittag Associates - New York, NY July 2016 to January 2018 Description: VA subsidizes or advances to individuals with little business prerequisites. Candidates get their advances authorized taking into account their record of loan repayment. The candidate data is kept up in a database alongside the points of interest of the advance for reimbursement. This information is filtered into diverse classifications considering parameters like kind of record, advance sum, due date. The filtered information is utilized for insights for producing report.    Responsibilities:  • Interacted with the stakeholders like Loan Managers, Marketing System Teams in order to define the purpose and scope of the project.  • Facilitated works among different groups such as designers, project managers, developers, testing team and clients.  • Worked on the business process modelling notation and provided accurate information.  • Organized JAD sessions for analyzing the Business Requirements to identify the critical areas of the application and converted them into Functional Requirements with various stakeholders like development teams, SME, project managers and senior management.  • Participated on cross-functional project teams to identify critical requirements from a reporting perspective  • Acquired data from multiple sources and prepared data for further analysis  • Worked on customer data related issues and worked on project resolution in collaboration with development teams  • Used MS SharePoint to access various business artifacts and to store it across all platforms.  • Excellent knowledge in Microsoft systems like SQL Server  • Experience working with ios mobile applications.  • Experience in creating Test Plan and Test Cases for Functional and Non-Functional requirements.  • Proficient in using all the Testing and Test management tools like JIRA, HP QC and HP ALM  • Strong analysis and communication skills with an ability to transform the needs of stakeholders into Functional/Technical requirements and SME in the functional areas  • Manage and administer JIRA/Confluence/BitBucket add-ons, plugins, and extensions  • Management of other reporting and collaboration tools in the engineering environment  • Involved in discussions with business partners to identify questions for data analysis and experiments  • Met with SME to gather information, designed/created process maps; process flows, swim lanes using Visio  • Responsible for managing the process, technology changes and implementing agile methodology  • Used Excel Sheets, flat files to generate tableau ad-hoc reports  • Analyzed and rectified Data in source systems and Financial Data Warehouse databases.  • Generated and reviewed reports to analyze Data using different excel formats  • Documented requirements for numerous Ado reporting efforts  • Troubleshooting, resolving and escalating Data related issues and validating Data to improve Data quality.  • Worked with project team representatives to ensure that logical and physical Data models were developed in line with corporate standards and guidelines.  • Supported sales strategy to achieve sales goals through the RFP process.  • Provided customized response to improve key messaging for specific market segments.  • Streamlined the RFP process for maximum productivity and efficiency and suggested optional product and services.  • Involved in defining the source to target Data mappings, business rules and Data definitions.  • Responsible for defining the key identifiers for each mapping/interface.  • Performed Data analysis and Data profiling using complex SQL on various sources systems including Oracle and Teradata.  • Efficiently collaborated directly with Leads and Managers to prepare test plans for software development while productively working with each QA team member to implement Cross Training of various applications.  • Worked with business managers/leaders; reviewed business and system requirements  • Acquire data from primary or secondary data sources and maintain databases/data systems  • Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in large data sets  • Utilization of Power BI functions and Pivot Tables to further analyze in given complex data  • Work with test automation tools for recording/coding in Database, and execute in regression testing cycles.  • Working with Databases DB2, Oracle DM, SQL Server for Database testing and maintenance.  • Support Team Lead in completing test objectives in a timely basis and reporting it to business stakeholders.  • Test and debug Data Warehouse, Data Marts and applications.  • Identified potential Gaps and suggested Data Definition Changes of the application.  • Created discrete architecture and mappings to maintain the integrity of the Data Warehouse in relation to changing operational transactional source systems.  • Worked in the performance tuning of the programs, ETL Procedures and processes.  • Provided a complete documentation of the entire process involved for future reference.  • Helped Quality Assurance team in conducting User Acceptance Testing (UAT) before Product Release.  • Created activity reports for campaign and product activity, relationship management reports, product portfolio reports and dynamic reporting.    Environment: Rational Requisite Pro, SQL Server, MS Visio, MS Tools, Quality Centre, Teradata, Oracle, Micro Strategy. Business Analyst TCS - Hyderabad, Telangana April 2014 to August 2015 Client: HSBC is the largest independently owned banking services in India. They also wanted to build the foundation for a solid information strategy moving forward by integrating the two data warehouses and the dozens of data marts that had sprung up.    Responsibilities:  • Involved in gathering database requirements, studying the user needs as to how they need the data to be stored in the data warehouse. Developed data flow diagrams based on Use Cases using Visio.  • Designing the schema for the database. Modeling the database to a maximum of 3rd normal form. Efficiency of querying the database had been major factor in modeling the data warehouse.  • Document entities, attributes, and relationships; their definitions; and data-related business rules.  • Identified potential gaps and suggested data definition changes, data flow changes.  • Worked with the Data Warehouse development team to identify business objects and their attributes and relationships.  • Assisted with users to generate DDLs to resize tables and indexes.  • Use Cases for developing test plans and collection of test data and installation/configuration of the required Rational tools.  • Used SQL for validating and verification of data structure. Worked in the ETL Procedures and processes. Reconciled disparate master data from distributed systems and synchronized the data.  • Executed test cases manually. Compared and analyzed actual with expected results and reported all deviations to the appropriate individual(s) for resolution.  • Performed UAT of the application by creating and running demo versions of the application with the prospective users.  • Acquiring data from primary or secondary data sources and maintaining databases/data systems.  • Identified, analyzed, and interpreted trends or patterns in complex data sets.  • Filtered and "cleaned" data by reviewing computer reports, printouts, and performance indicators to locate and correct code problems.  • Performed daily data queries and prepared reports on daily, weekly, monthly, and quarterly basis.  • Guide, train and support teammates in testing processes, procedures, analysis and quality control of Data, utilizing past experience and training in Oracle, SQL, Unix and relational databases.  • Maintained Excel workbooks, such as development of pivot tables, exporting Data from external SQL databases, producing reports and updating spreadsheet information.  • Used Erwin to create Entity Relationship diagrams.  • Oversaw Internet Banking, Bill Payment, Telephone Banking, Mobile Banking, ATM, ACH, Wire Transfer, Check 21 and miscellaneous electronic banking functions.  • Facilitate transition of logical model into physical database design.  • Preparing and documenting the migration and staging strategies for the implementation of the new data store, extraction, transformation, and loading processes.  • Executed SQL queries to retrieve information from data warehouse to generate various reports to be submitted to sales managers.  • Participated in the team meetings to discuss the issues arising out of testing.  • Collected information from the developer teams and created trouble tickets for business process-related issues and improvement requests.    Environment: Oracle, SQL Server, MS Project, MS Visio, Windows Sever, MS Office Suite. Education Masters in Engineering Management in Engineering Management Gannon University - Erie, PA December 2017 Bachelors in Mechanical Engineering in Mechanical Engineering JNTU Skills ETL (3 years), EXTRACT, TRANSFORM, AND LOAD (3 years), MS Visio (4 years), Oracle (4 years), Visio (4 years)