Project Analyst (Data and Information Products PMO Office <span class="hl">Project</span> Analyst (Data and Information Products PMO Office Project Analyst (Data and Information Products PMO Office - VISA Inc Foster City, CA Sponsorship required to work in the US Work Experience Project Analyst (Data and Information Products PMO Office VISA Inc - Palo Alto, CA June 2016 to Present Data Platform PMO, Data Platform Technology  Product Office) June 2016 - Present  • Visualized SLA/OLA data dated back up-to 2+ yrs describing an Executive's organization progress in the annual organizational  compliance governance Visa committee. The single visualization successfully conveyed the message in 1/6th of an hour allotted to our technology product group (TPG) in annual meeting with the organizational VPs'.  • Working on projects aimed at attaining collective, and cross collaboration amongst Visa's upstream processing and downstream connectivity platform teams for quarterly occurring business release project(s) ensuring continuous delivery on  business as usual activities.  • Assisting Data Platform product office with analysis, and HQL queries on Hadoop to answer to Visa's internal legal compliance and business use cases.  • Managing Agile Intensive Software Projects end-to-end following Visa's Project Management Methodologies. Acquired  knowledge on BRD, Forecasting, Resource planning, Charter Restatement, Work Order, Executive Reporting, and SDLC.  • Working on transaction volume analysis, and infrastructure cost benefit analysis on usage of a set infrastructure stack.  • Proposed an internal request handling process automation tool for the Data Platform product office. The requests volume  analysis done and the SME knowledge to process request resulted in transferring the task to a more suitable part of the org.  resulting in free up of resource time.  • Drafted conceptual approach documentation with requirements gathered through an intensive interview process (various tech  team members/ Sr. Directors) for analytics projects for technical sponsored program. Formulated understanding of various Visa's  KPIs.  • Built a process Automation Tool for DPD project management office, which the Sr. Project Managers' are currently using on a  daily basis to convey project timelines information to Sr. Management (Departmental VPs) in weekly meetings.  Keywords: (Agile, Program/ Project Management, Data Modelling, Hive on Hadoop, Sharepoint, Excel, Powerpoint, Python, Analyst) Directed Research Student Information Science Institute - Los Angeles, CA August 2015 to May 2016 Wrote code for adapters to manage interaction between a scientific workflow management system, and a data farming platform  that ran in a cluster infrastructure. Check out Pegasus: https://pegasus.isi.edu/ (Programming: Ruby, shell)  • Utilized sophisticated statistical and beginner machine learning methods to understand and predict job behavior (in  particular I/O contention) on high-performance systems data. (Programming: R, data visualization package: ggplot2, splitting/  combining data: plyr/dplyr package) IT Project Manager Intern VISA Inc - Foster City, CA May 2015 to August 2015 • Collected and analyzed Visa Commercial PMO financial data using mathematics concepts, pivot table, macros and power query in Excel to generate the automated budget report for next fiscal year.  • Actively participated in requirement gathering, daily stand-ups, sprint planning, grooming, demo and retrospective for Agile  Intensive projects. Assisted in managing the software project with JIRA and WIKI using JQL Query. Proposed customizable  features for JIRA to assist software project team. Trojan students, faculty and staff We Are Trojan August 2014 to May 2015 Technologies: Bootstrap, jQuery, MySQL, PHP,  elasticsearch, AWS, github, Node.js, REST, Apache Laravel framework, MVC) http://greenbay.usc.edu/csci577/fall2014/ projects/team01/  • Android App for eBay Advance Search, Mobile app development. (Java, PHP) April 2015  • Data transformation procedure and naïve algorithm: modeled given dataset in Rapid miner tool to predict the shop customer Exchange student software developer intern Convergex - Boston, MA January 2014 to July 2014 Developed Automated Testing Framework GUI following Model-View-Controller design pattern in C#/MySQL using  Visual studio/ MS Server Management Studio to automate validation of user inputs for the Financial Algorithm(s). (LINQ, Agile)  • Implemented GUI to represent database field in decision tree structure and automated the process of creating database rules.  • Prototyped Automated Ticketing System for use in inter-department communication using Team Foundation server, C# in  Visual studio & Visual Basic in MS Outlook. Lucknow, UP - summer intern Tata Consultancy Services May 2013 to July 2013 Developed online bookstore for office library using Oracle DB, and Java Servlet Pages (JSP).    PROJECTS T  • Familiarized with and implemented Feed forward neural network with backward propagation to train the network with the given  dataset (Programming: Python, package: numpy) May 2016  • Implemented unsupervised learning PCA, GMM and supervised learning perceptron algorithm, regression, SVM on given  dataset to draw meaningful conclusion(s) about the uncertain data. (Python, package: numpy, 2D plotting library: matplotlib)  • Implemented clustering algorithm kMeans and predictive model Decision tree to analyze the given dataset. (Python) Feb 2016  • FPS game: enhanced the game using AI concepts and networking. (Tools used: Unity, Photon, C#, Machine Learning - partially  implemented reinforcement learning using assumptions). Link: http://instarailed.info/ Jan - May 2016 Education Master of Science in Computer Science University of Southern California - Los Angeles, CA May 2016 Bachelor of Science in Computer Science Vellore Institute of Technology - Vellore, Tamil Nadu May 2014 Skills PYTHON (1 year), FORECASTING (1 year), Hadoop (1 year), HADOOP (1 year), EXCEL (2 years) Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/salonipriya Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS S  Programming language: Python, Java, R, SQL, UML  Databases and Web Development: SQL, OLAP, OLTP, Data Modelling, HTML, CSS, jQuery, Bootstrap  Developer Tools/Framework: Hadoop (beginner), Hive (beginner), Tableau, Kafka (beginner), Sublime text, Eclipse, Visual Studio,  MS Server Management studio, R studio, Unity, AWS, github, bitbucket, Laravel, ElasticSearch,  Project/ Program Management: Forecasting, SCRUM project manager and product owner understanding, compliance, cross-  collaboration, schedule, status, budget, delivery, Excel, PowerPoint, Visio, SharePoint, Jira, requirement engineering, risk assessment