ERP Business Analyst, Project Manager, IT Manager ERP Business Analyst, <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>, <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> ERP Business Analyst, Project Manager, IT Manager Countryside, IL An accomplished CRM CMS and ERP Business Analyst with 10 years experience specializing in applications such as Salesforce, Salesforce Cloud, Microsoft: Dynamics CRM, Microsoft Dynamics 365 Business Central ERP (D365) \ NAV, HubSpot, ZOHO: IT helpdesk and CRM. A professional who partners with internal global user groups, stakeholders, executives, sales, marketing, clients and customers to understand their business, business process, challenges, technology solutions, and strategic objectives, communicating the deliverables gathered through business requirement (BRD), project plans, use case, how to, SOP, KPI's and training documents to define business specifications, application functionality, workflow requirements, and mapping process. A Business Analyst professional with a success record with: creating strong business relationship, working with Agile, and Waterfall methodologies, supports users, understanding customer/ client, user needs, working with vendors, and working in profit, and non-profit industries.  • Extensive experience, implementing, maintaining, project management, developing mapping, and training for CRM, CMS and ERP applications both Cloud and server based.  • 10 years of success record collaborating and advising sales leadership providing them timely and accurate insight into their customer base.  • Developed CRM and ERP workflow technology to automate a user process.  • Developed Microsoft Dynamics CRM and Salesforce.com analytics, forecasting and projections, reports and presentations to support the business needs and sales support for sales teams  • Project Manager involved in all stages, initiating, plan scope, plan cost, budgeting, managing project work, monitoring, and control, identifying risk, and closing the project  • Troubleshooting, testing, UAT, creating reports with applications and databases such as: cloud, SAAS, ERP, CRM: Salesforce.com, Microsoft Dynamics CRM, Lead database, Microsoft Dynamics 365 Business Central (D365) \ NAV, HubSpot, and SQL.  • Educating users and stakeholders on CRM and ERP functions  • Stay abreast on updates, and new releases in CRM and ERP technology  • Analyst skills: Collaborate with business groups such as Sales, Customer Care, Client Services, IT, Inventory, Warehouse, Finance, and Logistics groups to quickly assessing the stakeholders and users needs, gathered requirements, evaluate the best solution, creating BRD (Business Requirement Document), use case document, training, how to, and SOP (Stander Operating Procedure) documents.  • Agile and Waterfall Project Methodology: 7 years of experience as a business analyst, project manager, facilitating meetings with domestic and global users, managers, and product owners, through conference calls and emails. Working with 2 to 4 week sprints, and retrospective, meetings. Managing discovery meetings, gathering deliverables, develop process mapping, and developing business requirement documentation.  • Management: Developed, Implemented and launched two successful "start up" inside sales departments, adopted new business standard operating procedures (SOP) for inside sales, customer call centers, logistics, and inventory groups. Relationship and negotiation skills that benefit the company and the customer. Advisor to CEO, VP's, Directors, Managers, and sales team to develop sales strategies that have a positive ROI. Advanced ability to develop strong cross-functional relationships within and outside of our organization, advanced ability to work on a team with a verity of people across all levels of the organization. Work Experience ERP Business Analyst, Project Manager, IT Manager The Greater Chicago Food Depository Chicago IL - Chicago, IL March 2018 to December 2018 • Application Support manager responsible for grooming backlog items for Microsoft Dynamics 365 Business Central ERP (D365) \ NAV. Moving 75% of the 6 to 12 month's backlog items to production within 3 to 6 months.  • Project manager creating project plans, business requirement documents, business case, use case, process maps, and developing project design, establishing requirements and implementing plans for transportation logistics, warehouse, customer care, and a school student database groups, customer care using software applications.  • Subject Matter Expert for IT helpdesk CRM implementation. Collaborated with IT, users, and executives to create best business practices, testing, and training material.  • Collaborate with Microsoft Dynamics 365 Business Central (D365) \ NAV, cloud applications, server based, and government vendors to update IT contracts, negotiate pricing and services creating best outcome, which enabled groups to be more efficient using government applications and save at least $10,000.00 in software development negotiations.  • Developed project plans, testing plans, User training, project design, use case's, IT training documentation, and user "how to" documents, Standard Operating Procedures (SOP), using Agile Scrum and Waterfall methodology to achieve project milestone and go live dates.  • Project Manager for logistics web application implementation coordinating user training with the vendor and keeping project dates on track.  • Project Manager for upgrade to a school administration software upgrade, coordinating user training, UAT, Business Requirement, Use case, Project Plans, project budgets, and timelines.  • Process change agent for new customer process utilizing Voice of Customer Techniques collaborating with Transportation, Inventory, Warehouse, and Customer Care teams to pinpoint quality characteristics.  • Managed a ChatBot program collaborating with the Client Care team, finance and AWS, and Twilio vendor.  • Collaborated on ITIL implementation projects for new Voice Over IP phone application, and ManageEngine application. Senior Sales Operations Analyst NEC Display Itasca IL - Itasca, IL August 2017 to September 2017 • Generated Sales POS and Commission Reports and training document. Reports helped drive efficiencies in POS and Commission reports.  • Prepared and generated statistical reports that translated business needs to marketing and sales.  • Collaborated with sales, finance, and operations leaders by developing reports, and key findings, to help drive efficiencies, performs analysis, to grow business and opportunities.  • Coached project managers how to start the process for Scrum, Agile, Lean Six Sigma Business Analyst Original Software LLC - Westmont, IL October 2016 to May 2017 • CRM Analyst Implementing cloud CRM, developing training material, SME (Subject Matter Expert). Enabling administration users and sales / marketing stakeholders to run reports, create e-mail marketing campaigns, and saved users 20% of their time during the day.  • Identified technology needs for Agile Testing new customers.  • Developed reports that translated business needs to marketing and sales.  • Collaborated with pre-sales management teams to develop pre-sales presentations to Agile Testing clients groups. Marketing Sales CRM Analyst Manager / Implementation Manager PartsTrader Chicago IL - Chicago, IL June 2013 to February 2016 • Developed and streamlined process for Microsoft Dynamics CRM case creation, the business process saved 75% in their daily activities.  • Developed, identified issues, and designing sales reports with Microsoft Dynamics CRM and Excel pivot tables to measure sales performance.  • Developed, prepared, trained, and analyze SQL, Microsoft CRM and Excel reports for sales teams. Enabling the sales and marketing team to increase their revenue.  • Trained Territory Sales Managers, Field Sales Managers, Regional Sales Managers how to use Microsoft Dynamics CRM and read sales reports.  • Collaborated with marketing communications manager to create a customer rewards incentive website.  • Devised sales and commission reports for Regional Managers, Marketing, and Finance to advice on progress of Field sales managers using sales and commission reports.  • Part of the project team to introduce, implement, onboard, and train 17,000 customers in 9 months.  • Scrum Master for Client Services Group, coached team members on processes mythology and how to engage business partners, helped team self manage, get through conflicts, and moved impediments.  • Develops, and implemented improved processes and systems for sales, reward manager, and marketing to ensure accuracy and timeliness of business reports. Education M.B.A. in Business Administration National Louis University - Chicago, IL B.B.A. in Business Administration Dominican University - River Forest, IL A.A. Applied Science Morton College - Cicero, IL Skills Dynamics 365 (5 years), Microsoft NAV (1 year), CRM (10+ years), ERP (10+ years), Salesforce (3 years), Office 365 (5 years), Microsoft Office (10+ years), Excel (10+ years), Pivot Tables (10+ years), AWS (Less than 1 year), Twillio (Less than 1 year), Roadnet (1 year), Logistics (1 year), Management (10+ years), Sales Support (10+ years), Sales Operations (10+ years), Project Management (10+ years), Agile (3 years), Waterfall (5 years), Testing (10+ years), Business Analysis (10+ years) Additional Information TECHNOLOGY SKILLS  Microsoft Dynamics CRM (2016 and 365), Microsoft Dynamics 365 Business Central ERP (D365) \ NAV, Azure Active Directory, Salesforce.com: Sales, Marketing, Salesforce Service Cloud, traditional, and Lightning Experience, HubSpot, Cognos, Lawson, ClickDimensions, Oracle EBS, MS Productivity Tools: Word, Excel - Excel Pivot tables, Vlookup, Power Point, SmartSheet, Zoho Project Management tool, Manage engine, Google Docs, Disaster Recovery, SharePoint, Drop Box, Office 365, AS/400, ERP, Web Widgets, RoadNet (Omnitracs), MobileFrame, SQL, Zoho IT helpdesk, AWS, Twilio, ChatBot, CERES, Voice Over IP, Blackbaud Raisers Edge, Jet Reports