Information Technology Specialist Information Technology Specialist Compliance & Governance Information Security Analyst Temple, TX Willing to relocate to the great state of Texas, family currently residing in Temple, Tx. I'm seeking a progressive compliance and or governance opportunity, salary negotiable. Can self relocate if assistance not available. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Information Technology Specialist Department of Commerce U.S. CENSUS BUREAU - Atlanta, GA December 2018 to Present • Observe, monitor, and participate in the maintenance of all computer hardware, software, and   telecommunications in the Regional Census Center (RCC) and Area Census Office (ACO).  • Travel to Area Census Office(s) providing IT support as well train local staff of the use census   technology, programs and applications.Review requirements of projects to determine objectives of   the program, concepts, and processes required.  • Installing Fiber, Wan, Lan circuit components; racking Cisco router, switches as well as third party   devices (Comcast, AT&T). Patching router to switches to patch panels. Installing ATA's for phone and   faxing.  • Providing level (2&3) technical support by troubleshoot problems and resolve them, if possible;   initiates problem-resolution procedures, as necessary.  • Be responsible for the configuration of new equipment and installation or upgrade of both hardware   systems and application software. Providing operational and technical support for the RCC and ACO.  • Support the users of the system, creating and deleting users as appropriate, providing access rights   to applications, files, and system devices.  • Asset Management by tracking accountable property and recording within ITMS asset inventory   software.  • Granted high level enterprise access for BMC Remedy Smart IT for ticket escalation and management.  • Administrator level access for Citrix Desktop Director for manage end user citrix (VPN MFA) connectivity, profile maintenance, VPN applications functionality.  • Administrator level access for Air-watch managing enterprise mobile devices and applications installed.  • Administrator level access for Census-wide Active Directory domain level access, moving computer objects and users to various OU's.  • Troubleshooting Cisco VPN Multiple Factor Authentication. Criminal Justice Information Security Analyst Georgia Bureau of Investigation via Calance - Decatur, GA December 2017 to Present • Creating, reviewing and modifying criminal justice information security controls to produce Infosec security frameworks. Ensuring statewide local Law enforcement are maintaining (GCIC, CJIS, NIST 800-53, FIPS-199 as well as all criminal justice information security control standards.  • Engage with stakeholders in strategic discussions to provide best in class Cyber/ Security IT Strategy and industry guidance to maximize agency's long-term business objectives  • Research vendor products to determine products being contracted and or sold to local law enforcement meets proper security controls.  • Identify key agency security issues and determining agency needs and supplementing the standard assessment techniques and tools with innovative approaches while leading technical initiatives in developing and supporting agency's IT Security Solutions  • Develop and maintain strategies around Information Security, Data Privacy, IT Compliance, IT Risk and Data Governance.  • FIM Administrator for Office 365 creating and administering user accounts.  • Create Visio diagram to correlate with approved sop's. Interpret enterprise network diagram ensuring all components are within security controls.  • Lead internal and client-facing Security Strategy and Planning sessions as well as formal proposal presentation  • Review Homeland Security Information Network best cybersecurity practices as well as foreign and domestic cybersecurity events, threats and mitigation processes VDI Resource Engineer (Contractor) ABBTECH May 2017 to July 2017 • Supervise test machines and users, recorded observed issues along with reporting them to command center bridge line.  • Responsible for Installing, Configuring and Managing Active Directory /ADFS  • Server monitoring through SolarWinds and log files to troubleshoot performance issues  • Primary point for Triaging VDI Issues and Conduct ongoing VDI technology assessments, research new VDI related products and features, also develop cost effective recommendations and plans for optimizing the VDI environment.  • Monitor available virtual machines within the XenDesktop environment  • Monitor and troubleshoot vCenter issues and concerns  • Monitor the interaction between Citrix, Windows and SQL  • Monitor and optimize the Machine Creation Service (MCS) or Provisioning Services (PVS) environment.  • Update and review tickets submitted to the change management queue  • Answer emails, phone calls and concerns related to the VDI environment Software Consultant (Remote) International Computer Hardware - Kingston, JM October 2016 to February 2017 Jamaica's Ministry of Science, Energy & Technology - Kingston, Jamaica October 2016 to February 2017  • Provided expert data analysis to determine if a real demand exists for IT products and services.  • Offer subject matter opinion on the need for customer relationship management system, as well as upgrading of hardware/software legacy systems.  • Opportunity to catalog the current resources available for a project and to estimate the need for additional resources.  • Consultant for Ministry of Science, Energy & Technology hardware /software upgrade by providing current industry  upgrade standards.  • Performed analytical, technical and administrative work for planning, design and installing networked and stand-alone computer systems for classrooms and/or offices.  • Researched, tested and implemented new technologies as well as documented emergency recovery plan for network.  • Managed the deployment, maintenance, support and upgrade of desktop PC's, hardware software, operating systems and distributed printers.  • Computer, Server, IT equipment procurement and maintaining records and inventory of IT resource IT Project Management Florida Blue - Jacksonville, FL May 2016 to September 2016 • Responsible for weekly updating departmental project status where functional quantitative data analysis were being presented for IT management rendering IT infrastructure altering decisions. Daily updates to (CMD) configuration management database, participating in daily auditors control language; along with documentation of CMD S.O.P documentations of soc2 audit controls.  • Provide Support and administration to Company's Active Directory, ADFS, windows Server 2012 R2 Supporting company's IT infrastructure (SOC2) audit initiative, by data mining (Big Data) databases and applications as well as infrastructure hosting and access methods.  • Experienced Florida Blue's (Agile) process of Leadership, Collaboration and Teamwork.  • Edited monitoring software (Spectrum) N.O.C. engineers alerting controls which included various severity alerts being monitored and responded to by NOC engineering team.  • Created department tickets in (Service Manager) in support of SOC2 audit as well as the CMDB. Software Licensing Maintenance by creating multiple excel database dashboards that allowed for tracking all IT infrastructure software application eligible for renewal as well software licensing(s) consolidation.  • Contacting third party software vendors for software license application renewals. Verifying cost, length of maintenance periods, date of renewal as well as company points of contact. Documented Eprocurement dashboards for creating and establishment of new IT software contract renewals NOC Incident Manager Fanatics Inc - Jacksonville, FL September 2014 to May 2016 • Provide guidance on Incident Management to all network operations center staff and assisted in their training and knowledge development.  • Provided network design optimization recommendations based on periodic network and service performance, capacity, and security analysis.  • Responsible to execute and manage the Incident and Problem management processes to ensure optimal overall performance  • Provide process performance reports to management and attend reviews (reports are created by reporting team)  • Conducts management meeting and ensures customer sign off prior to incident resolution. Works on customer feedback as part of continuous process improvement.  • Develop, implement, analyze, measure and improve discipline-specific processes and procedures to identify opportunities for continuous improvement.  • Formed, led, and drove ad-hoc Technical Recovery Teams to minimize outages to customers by maintain diligent third-party vendor collaborations often resulting in minimal outages of customer facing applications.  • Created, documented and updated network operations center SLA's and S.O.P. Supervised NOC team troubleshooting, monitoring and responding to outages.  • Worked directly with Incident Lifecycle Coordinators to provide initial incident response by identifying the (5-w's) of network outages.  • Manager of NOC Operations Team, supervising (6) engineers that supported 24/7/365 NOC center monitoring operations.  • Supported PCI Data Security Standards through Identifying cardholder data -identifying IT assets and business processes for payments. Remediating vulnerabilities and eliminating unnecessary cardholder data.  • Collaborated with Change Management in determining and identifying any version code or application that would need to be rolled back. Education M.S.Information Technology in Management/Cyber Security Florida Institute of Technology - Melbourne, FL September 2014 to August 2016 Park University - Parkville, MO January 2005 to December 2009 Skills security, access, HTML, Active Directory, testing, training, Sharepoint, Microsoft Office, SQL Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/larryhuddleston/ Military Service Branch: US Army & US Navy Service Country: United States Rank: E-6 March 1981 to April 1990 Calibration Technician Certifications/Licenses Certifications Present Department of Defense System Administrator/Security Manager Certification  Department of Defense Information Assurance Security Certification DoD 8570  CompTIA A+ / Network + Certification  McClelland Enterprise - Disaster Recovery Certification  Naval Supply System Command - Contracting Officer Certification  State of TN High School Teacher Certification  State of FL Licensed & Bonded Notary Additional Information https://www.linkedin.com/in/larryhuddleston/