Plant Manager and IT Specialist Plant <span class="hl">Manager</span> and <span class="hl">IT</span> Specialist Plant Manager and IT Specialist - TNS Enterprises Valley Springs, AR I am currently looking for opportunities to work in Clinical Research. I have a passion for the medical field and I want to be apart of discovering new treatments to better serve people. I was originally introduced to this field by a current CRA whom I was able to shadow for a brief period. A few references for me are:  Elaine Reddell, CRA  Contact: (501) 733-2831 elaine.reddell@gmail.com  Dr. Lois Ablin, PhD. Prof. at ORU  Contact: lablin@oru.edu Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Plant Manager and IT Specialist TNS Enterprises - Valley Springs, AR May 2018 to Present •Conducted HR duties such as: interviews, hiring, terminating, issuing warnings, and resolving issues with employees.  •Managed 30 employees across multiple departments ensuring employee production, punctuality, attendance, and professional behavior.  • Wrote an employee handbook indicating rules and expectations to uphold.  • Implemented new inventory software utilizing barcodes to keep track of stock, production, and sales.  • Updated the level of security with data protection, cameras, access control, and high security email. Sound Engineering Intern Mabee Center - Tulsa, OK 2017 to 2018 • Controlled sound for multiple events with audiences of over 9,000 people at the Mabee Center arena.  • Noteworthy musical acts served: Vince Gill, Switchfoot, and Ariana Grande. Oral Roberts University Academic Peer Advisor Program Tulsa, OK 2017 to 2018 • Provided leadership over academics on my campus dormitory hall by helping students with scheduling courses, understanding university procedures and policies, finding classrooms and departments, proofreading papers, and any other logistical or academic need Senior Research Project ORU Dept. of Biology and Chemistry September 2017 to November 2017 • Performed an in-depth literature review on the efficacy of current and potential pharmaceutical  treatments for opioid dependence, including the biochemical metabolization of opioids, history of the opioid epidemic, and the effects of the different types of opioids  • Prof. Rachel Budavich, senior research advisor Discoverd Function of Protein 2o14 ORU Dept. of Biology and Chemistry September 2017 to November 2017 Fall 2017  • Determined the function of protein 2o14 through protein purification and extraction, SDS-PAGE Gel,  Bradford Protein Assay, Michaelis Menten Km, and in silico through protein databases  • Dr. Robert Stewart, Supervising Lab Instructor Identification of Unknown Organic Compounds ORU Dept. of Biology and Chemistry March 2017 to May 2017 Spring 2017  • Determined the identities of unknown small-molecule organic compounds through nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) analysis, melting point determination, infrared spectroscopy, and solubility tests  • Dr. Lois Ablin, Supervising Lab Instructor Identification of Unknown Bacterial Sample ORU Dept. of Biology and Chemistry - Tulsa, OK September 2016 to November 2016 • Determined the identity of a bacterial organism in an unknown sample by various microbiological tests, such as Gram staining, capsule staining, acid-fast staining, and multiple growth media Missions Team Leader Oral Roberts University Missions & Outreach - Brasilia, BR June 2016 to August 2016 Brazil  • Led a group of 10 students on a month-long music missions trip to Brasilia, Brazil  • Visited 20 schools and ministered to over 10,000 people of all ages through music, plays, and dancing  • Assisted in providing shoes to 5,000 children, taught children songs, and performed three songs on the local radio station with two other singers Music Director Broken Arrow Assembly of God - Broken Arrow, OK 2015 to 2016 • Lead the praise and worship music at my home church on a weekly basis  • Held special events for Assembly of God District Council, conferences for Bob Goff, and joining with other churches in the area. Education Bachelor's in Biology concentration: Pre-Medicine Minor: Biochemistry Oral Roberts University - Tulsa, OK August 2015 to May 2018 University of Arkansas - Fayetteville, AR June 2017 North Arkansas Community College - Harrison, AR August 2014 to May 2015 Western Grove High School - Western Grove, AR August 2010 to May 2014 Skills Microsoft Word, Public Speaking (7 years), Presentation Skills (6 years), Continuous Improvement Additional Information LABORATORY SKILLS  • Bacterial Plasmid Isolation & Transformation  • Agarose and Polyacrylamide Gel Electrophoresis  • Restriction Enzyme Digestion & Mapping  • ELISA & PCR Analysis  • Western Blotting  • Infrared Spectroscopy  • Nuclear Magnetic Resonance  • Bacterial Staining and Culture  • Tissue Culturing  • Immuno Electrophoresis  • Affinity Chromatography  • Reverse-Transcriptase PCR  • Enzyme Micro Array  • Crystallization  • Distillation  • Column Chromatography  • Aspirin Synthesis  • Kinetic Assays  • Michaelis-Menten kinetic assays  • Bradford protein assays  • Benzoin condensation synthesis  • Aldol condensation  • Gram stain  • Acid Fast stain  ADDITIONAL SKILLS, HONORS & COMMUNITY SERVICE  • ORU missions outreach leader and volunteer at Laura Dester Children's Home - 2016-2017  • Volunteer work collecting canned goods during Halloween for ORU Fall Outreach - 2015-2017  • Volunteer teaching at various Tulsa elementary schools - 2016  • Accomplished musician (guitarist) with twelve years' experience  • Live TV performance for ORU - December 2016  • Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation Certified - April 2014  • Arkansas State Champion in Track - May 2014  • Varsity High School Basketball and Baseball, District and Regional Championships - 2009-2014  • High School All-State and Varsity Basketball Best All-Around Awards for Team Leadership, Personal  Character, and School Representation - 2014  • Honor Roll in High School - 2010-2014  • High School Subject-Based Awards: Chemistry, Math, English - 2014  • Member of Rapid Response - 2013-2014