Freight Forwarder/ Warehouse System Admin Freight Forwarder/ Warehouse System Admin Engineer Manhattan Beach, CA Result driven IT and supply chain professional seeking opportunity to leverage 5 years experience in the application of Technology and Supply Chain best practice to Los Angeles County’s central Information resources agency in achieving a significant goal. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Freight Forwarder/ Warehouse System Admin Able Freight Services Inc - Los Angeles, CA January 2018 to Present - Oversee general progress of supply chain.  -Apply features in warehouse management system(WMS) to run the shipments smoothly.  -Collaborate with tech team to solve printing issue while uploading the Bill of Lading, Government issued documents, container requirement, shipping instruction.   - Uploading shipment required container, including but not limited to LD7, LD3, SKID.  -Generate the future shipment list, container requirement, flight detail, Airway bill number, equipments.  - Ensured the export processes met U.S. and foreign trade regulations regards the policy changes.  - Facilitated the decision-making process by supporting senior management.  -Collaborate with tech team to troubleshoot server issue, IP issue, VoIP connection issue.   - Collaborate with government to inspect good to safety transfer from ground to air.  - Improved level of staff knowledge and proficiency by creating strategic for global export solution.  - Delivered comprehensive and accurate quotes through work with sales assistants and clients.  - Recommended shipping solutions to minimize cost or environmental impacts.  - Selected shipment routes, based on nature of goods shipped, transit times, or security needs.  - Tracked results of freight to and send email notification to customers in a short amount of time.  - Determined efficient and cost-effective methods of moving goods from one location to another.  - Planned routes and load scheduling for multi-drop deliveries. IT Project Manager Ni Hao Chinese - Los Angeles, CA January 2017 to January 2018 - Research for online tutoring platform to bring education institution online.  - Research for software platform for Wiz IQ, Learncube, Eztalk, Gotomeeting.  - Teach LEAP program in Lennox, Los Angeles, California.  - Provide Chinese support to students age from 5 to 50 depend on their language level.  - Research for Copper CRM system to help company manage clients and customers.  - Code amazon Deeplens into administration system.  - Use Staff Scheduling System, Deputy.com, to arrange schedules for teachers.  - Consult potential students with high learning ability to attend the class.  - Create a series of tutorial for teachers to use Google keep, Google hangout, Google Calendar.  - Manage and test Administration system in the Company. Education Master of Engineering in Mechanical and Electrical-Mechanical, GPA 3.66 Tamkang University - Taipei, TW September 2015 Bachelor of Science, GPA 3.5 in Earth and Environmental Sciences National Chung Cheng University September 2010 to June 2014 Skills Project Management, Javascript, Warehouse Management, Mac OS X, Microsoft Office, Windows 10, Supply Chain Management Awards Awarded the 1st prize model for Project of Robotic Arm during Robotic and Vision, TKU 2016 2015-01 Ranked 2st in Robotic Vision Laboratory, Mechanical and Electrical-Mechanical Engineering, TKU 2015 2015-01