Quality Engineer Quality Engineer Quality Assurance Engineer Boulder, CO Aerospace Engineering/ Industrial Engineering  LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/cristalcabanas Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Quality Engineer In-tech Automotive Engineering - Greenville, SC 2017 to 2019 Customer: BMW Manufacturing Company    Quality Assurance Engineer  §  Provide consulting services to BMW Manufacturing Company to develop and maintain customer’s quality requirements.  §  Address product launch defect using Pareto (80/20) analysis of defect dashboard data, followed by discussions on root cause analysis, preventive actions, and solutions across multiple departments.  §  Reduce vehicle functional and noise defects by 60% to meet series vehicle quality index target.  §  Support total vehicle validation quality targets by monitoring and enforcing the team’s adherence to key performance indicators.    Project Coordinator  §  Coordinated the driving and analysis activities of the Accelerated Lifecycle Testing (ALT) program to proactively detect and prevent defects and warranty claims.  §  Streamlined overall team engagement by establishing a new process of bi-weekly topics discussions.  §  Promoted communication effectiveness throughout the program.  §  Collaborated with the analysis of topics through the problem management system. IT Project Manager IT Developers Group - San Juan, PR 2015 to 2016 IT Project Manager  §   Project manager consultant in FirstBank Puerto Rico.  §  Compile customer needs and requirements for the implementation of new applications to improve banking processes.  §  Improve banking process by implementing new Customer Relationship Management application for Risk Management.  §  Collaborate with Mastercard Latin America to implement higher security measures with the transaction processor Evertec.  §  Planned and coordinated with vendors for the implementation of new ADP modules for the Human Resources department.  §  Completed documentation for all project phases using PMI standards.    Compliance Analyst  §  Assess commercial customer transaction history for compliance with 18 U.S. Code Section 1956, Laundering of Monetary Instruments.  §  Research and analyze business activities by building a history of customer transactions, investing habits, fund procedence, and traceability of funds.  §  Identify and report inconsistencies to the FDIC. Quality Management Consultant Zimmer Manufacturing B.V - Ponce, PR 2013 to 2014 Quality Management Consultant  §  Conduct root cause analysis of non-conformance problems in the packaging process.  * Assess non-conformance data, inspection reports and customer claims.  * Perform cause and effect analysis by categories to identify contributing factors.  * Analyze calibration, geometric dimensioning and toleracing (GD&T), clean room environment, process, equipment, and personnel data.  * Identify major contributor and recommend corrective or preventive actions to eliminate non-conformance.  § Document findings in CAPA report following ISO 13485 and FDA regulations. Platform Project Team Member, Project Engineer, Business Innovation and Excellence Popular Insurance Inc - Guaynabo, PR 2012 to 2013 Guaynabo, PR 2012-2013  Insurance and Risk Management Solutions Provider.  Platform Project Team Member, Project Engineer, Business Innovation and Excellence * Coordinated the deployment and system implementation plans of a new accounting platform.  * Created user process manuals, provided user training sessions, and system support processes upon implementation. Education Master of Science in Technical Entrepreneurship and Management in Mechanical Engineering Hajim School of Engineering and Simon Business School, University of Rochester - Rochester, NY May 2015 Bachelor of Science in Industrial Engineering in Industrial Engineering University of Puerto Rico - Mayagüez, PR June 2012 Skills Lean Manufacturing (7 years), Quality Assurance (6 years), Project Management (3 years), Manufacturing (6 years), Customer Service (7 years), Product Development (5 years), Fmea, ISO, Supplier Quality, Capa, Medical Device, Pfmea