NOC Technician NOC Technician NOC Technician West Haven, CT Work Experience NOC Technician CIGNA January 2019 to June 2019 • Provided Tier 1 network support to internal users  • Monitored networking assets utilizing CA Spectrum  • Analyzed network traffic using Netflow in SevOne  • Collaborated with multiple internal support teams to troubleshoot and solve interdepartmental problems  • Escalated higher tier issues and problems to proper support teams through a standardized escalation matrix  • Diagnosed a variety of network problems related to L2 switches, L3 switches, routers  • Engaged with various vendors to research root-cause-analyses and reasons-for-outage  • Created ad-hoc and standalone network reports utilized by multiple support teams using SevOne  • Opened, modified and closed incident tickets in HP Service Manager  • Submitted standard, normal, and emergency changes related to planned and emergency maintenance events.  • Investigated issues related to Cisco Nexus 9000 switches, Cisco 6500switches, Cisco 3750 switches, Cisco WLCs, Cisco WAPs, Aruba controllers and remote WAPs.  • Adhered to change management policies and methodologies.  • Analyzed historical network logging through Splunk.  • Subnet and IP management using Bluecat Address Manager  • Out-of-band management networking assets using DSView and Avocent  • Triaged business partner issues utilizing NetBrain  • Proactively engaged vendors regarding circuit issues and performance  • Diagnosed customer wireless connectivity using Cisco Prime Wireless Infrastructure. Tier 3 Technical support Spot on Networks March 2018 to January 2019 • Managed over 500 sites to ensure optimal up time  • Diagnosed network problems and provided resolution.  • Monitored network performance and events using site monitoring tools.  • Provided effective and timely communication to support teams.  • Troubleshooted and resolved network problems with on-site technicians.  • Provided weekly reports that identifies and tracks trouble tickets, call resolution.  • Supported Wireless Networks including Linux Wireless Lan controllers and Peplink Controllers using CLI.  • Analyzed Wired network related problems on Cisco SG 300 switches  • Resolved Customer related connectivity issues and followed up using ZOHO ticketing system in a timely manner.  • Troubleshooted Light weight and AP including Engenius, Colubris, and Ruckus Performed Network analysis, issue isolation and ticket escalation. IT Helpdesk Graduate Assistant Southern CT State University December 2017 to March 2018 • Troubleshooted Windows 10 basic connectivity to Linux based Simulation Mannequins.  • Provided computer/network support and resolved software and hardware problems reported by users  • Assembled new Workstations and configured operating systems for use Network Engineer (FreeLancer) Lyondelbasell - EG April 2017 to August 2017 • Provided support for company's International IT department in India, Hong Kong and USA.  • Implemented changes to Network Topology and created a drawing of the Final Network Topology.  • Back up of ZTE Router Configurations.  • Installed HP Network Printer on all devices and troubleshooted Cannon printer.  • Acted as 1st level Technical support (deskside) for their branch in Cairo which included 5 Users  • Handled Microsoft Outlook Technical support including Backup and transfer between different Laptops and Mobile device sync.  • Preformed System Image Capture and installation on different Laptops (user Migration).  • Troubleshooting Intermittent Connection Problem with ISP. Project Implementation Manager Networkers INC January 2015 to January 2017 • Implementation Manager in charge of purchasing and installing Network cables  • Managed a team of 4 Technicians throughout the installation process including Cat5, 5e, Cat6 cables, duct installations, drilling and wiring  • Conducted Site survey and Implementation of Software to ensure Maximum availability of Wireless Network throughout different Sites to eliminating Dead spots.  • Maintained a cost-efficient budget in adherence with client needs.  • Installed Security Cameras HK vision and DVR / NVR including IP Cameras on different sites which included 2 Villas 2 offices sites 1 Factory site  • Troubleshooted of Lan infrastructure  • Installed Load balance routers and Multiple internet connections from different ISP to ensure Redundancy.  • Implemented of Basic Networking skills including Subnetting and basic Network Troubleshooting skills Education Master of Science in Network & Information Security Southern Connecticut State University - New Haven, CT May 2020 Skills Cisco, Linux, NOC, Ccna