IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager, MBA, PMP Irving, TX To obtain a position that will utilize my strong leadership, analytical, management, and cognitive skills to help realize the overall vision and mission of the organization. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager DDC Public Affairs (Omnicom Group) May 2017 to Present • Managed software platform implementation process from initial project kickoff through website or database launch.  • Successfully executed on projects for dozens of fortune 100 companies.   • Monitored and controlled project budget, scope, and schedule.  • Communicated regular status updates to project stakeholders.  • Gathered and defined project requirements from internal and/or external teams, translating requirements to IT teams (detailed technical requirements development).  • Identified, captured, and tracked project risks and associated mitigation strategies.  • Conducted procurement management and evaluated build vs buy decisions.  • Provided rough order of magnitude estimates (ROM), with bottom-up and/or top-down estimating techniques used when additional project details where known.  • Extensively documented projects and transitioned to operations, while providing comprehensive training. IT Implementation Manager Freedom Partners Shared Services March 2017 to May 2017 Created and maintained customer specific project plans, ensuring resources were scheduled and deliverables completed, while managing client expectations.  ? Developed and executed on the quality management plan.  ? Established strong relationships with stakeholders, worked successfully under pressure, maintained positive attitude, while meeting project deadlines in an efficiently and professionally.  ? Provided trainistional support to operations, regarding product function and use.  ? Conducted lessons learned sessions with the project team and stakeholders Technical Trainer Freedom Partners Shared Services June 2015 to March 2017 Identified skill, knowledge, and user adoption gaps related to technology.  ? Developed technical manuals, videos, simulations, presentations, and experiential activities.  ? Conducted classes and seminars online and in person.  ? Evaluated the successes and failures of training efforts, adjusting tools and techniques to maximize results. Data Services Implementation Manager The Select Family of Staffing Companies November 2013 to May 2015 Independently managed multiple projects, simultaneously, across different time zones.  ? Coordinated project responsibilities with internal departments to ensure project success.  ? Configured customized Microsoft Databases to meet specific needs of clients and field branch  teams.  ? Provided clients with extensive training, quality control (QC) testing, and information on company software beneficial to their operations and objectives.  ? Implemented specialized software for situations related to HR data, allocation of workforces, and integration of client based systems.  ? Interacted with the corporate legal team to affirm policy standards and legal compliance are  consistently met Independent Contractor January 2007 to November 2013 Hardware and Software Computer Technician  ? Identified and diagnosed hardware, software, or network related computer problems.  ? Procured the optimal hardware, software, or network solution based on a cost-value analysis.  ? Implemented the software, hardware, or network solution, with comprehensive end-user training. Education Master's in Business Administration (MBA) University of Texas at Dallas- Naveen Jindal School of Management - Richardson, TX 2013 Bachelor's in Business Administration (BBA) The University of North Texas - Denton, TX 2011 Skills Pmi, Pmp certified, Pmp, Oracle, Sftp, Estimating, Outlook, budget, Scheduling, Scheduling, Outlook, Estimating, Word, Microsoft Project, Customer Service, Maintenance, budget Certifications/Licenses PMP- Project Management Professional July 2019 to Present Amazon Web Services (AWS)- Certified Solutions Architect (CSA) 2016