Project Manager, Product Software Development Management <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>, Product Software Development Management Project Manager Albuquerque, NM I am a results-driven Project Manager with the ability to hit the ground running, inspire others, and produce results within a short time period. Extensive client service, business finance, office administration, executive support and reporting experience, with special expertise for executing concurrent multiple projects with demanding time frames, on time and within budget. Consistently perform as liaison between cross-functional groups with a history of building teams and establishing relationships involving high level of trust and productivity. Employment history bridges IT, Healthcare, Online Media, Human Resources, Telecommunications, Gas and Oil, Engineering, and Commercial and Residential Construction industries.   Member of Project Management Institute, Rio Grande Chapter, acquiring PMP certification Fall, 2019.    CORE COMPETENCIES    Workflow Management   Process Improvement   Complex Scheduling  Document Control and Development   Budget Tracking and Management   Self-motivating and Responsible Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager, Product Software Development Management Unirac, Inc - Albuquerque, NM August 2018 to January 2019 A contractor and team member of Unirac's Customer Services and Product Development departments, responsible for managing the enhancement of Unirac's online solar PV racking design tool and bringing it to the next level, while expanding the scope of Unirac's offerings to customer and 3rd party integrations and new customer facing digital tools and services. Utilized agile methodology.  • Manage an offshore software development team  • Develop and track project schedule  • Oversee product development tasks, prioritization and completion  • Improve product quality with testing and analysis  • Deliver status reports  • Liaison with sales team and outside vendors and clients to identify improvements and deliver software solutions IT Project Manager Presbyterian Healthcare Services/ TekSystems - Albuquerque, NM February 2013 to November 2017 A contractor and member of Presbyterian's IT Project Management Office, we utilized PMBOK processes and standards to implement diverse IT projects, generally using the waterfall methodology. My personal projects included both healthcare payer and healthcare delivery projects, some of which are highlighted below:  • Enterprise-wide integration of internal Epic software system with third-party pulmonary software (CareFusion) to standardize pulmonary processes in Presbyterian's hospitals and clinics.  • Specialized build of multiple servers to hold third-party application, SAS, to automate statistical compilation and data manipulation used for reporting. This required migration of data contained in the enterprise-wide Data Warehouse, and was integrated with 8 separate internal systems.  • Establishment of a new Presbyterian Healthcare Services clinic's IT systems needed for delivery of Presbyterian care standards: network infrastructure and equipment; telecommunication system and equipment, credit card system, business equipment, and Epic electronic medical record integration.  • Configuration of new Medicare Advantage plan, DSNP (Dual Eligible Special Needs Plan) that required configuration to Medicare/Medicaid offerings, system interfaces for claims system (Facets), home health care and behavioral health workers systems (Care Manager and Magellan Health), and third party applications used for enrollment, pharmacy, Meals on Wheels, and Member/Provider directory portals.  • A joint offering between Presbyterian Health Plan and Presbyterian's hospitals and clinics to offer 5 bundled plan products requiring configuration of enrollment, benefits, claims, visit (Epic) and reporting system interfaces.  • Implementation of a state-mandated interactive voice response authentication system (EVV), used to verify in-home visits by home healthcare workers. Project was a joint initiative of 4 Managed Care Organizations to configure and standardize a third party application, First Data's Authenticare, used for time tracking and reporting for New Mexico's Medicaid financed Personal Care Services.    Responsibilities: Managed all aspects of projects though project lifecycle: initiation, planning, execution and closing - developed scope, schedule, budgets, resource and communication plans, RAID (risk, action, issue and decisions) logs and change management with appropriate escalation and documentation. Ongoing project tasks included preparation and delivery of weekly status reports; schedule and conduction of project team, sponsor and stakeholder meetings; requirements gathering sessions, work sessions to identify and document current and future-state workflow processes and improvement, communication and progress updates on standalone project SharePoint site, readiness reviews, end user trainings and lesson learned assemblies. Vendor management included contract review, risk mitigation, work quality and deliverables, and contract close-outs. IT Project Coordinator Sun Healthcare Group/ TekSystems - Albuquerque, NM May 2012 to January 2013 A contractor and member of the Virtual Desktop Implementation Project deploying a Citrix solution to Sun Healthcare Group's 198 nursing homes, rehab, retirement and hospice facilities.  • Communication liaison between IT, healthcare facility management, PM's, trainer-techs, and employees.  • Coordination of up to 4 facility deployments per day.  • Using Altiris IT management software, created Helpdesk tickets documenting hardware and software issues, hot swaps, escalations and resolutions.  • Responsible for project communications including deployment, go-live and completion notifications, project scope changes and issues, risks, and expectations.  • Utilizing SharePoint as project tool organized and stored all project documentation.  • Updated project schedule and created facility deployment tracking tool.  • Developed specialized spreadsheet in Excel used to track project metrics.  • Designed Survey Monkey Feedback Survey and compiled results for upper management presentation. Exec Assistant to SVP, Human Resources CBS Interactive - San Francisco, CA March 2010 to September 2011 An employee in the HR department of the online content branch of CBS Corporation, responsible for handling highly confidential and significant matters in support of the SVP's administration of HR initiatives and employee relations.  • Compiled executive succession planning process documentation used as catalyst for developing training modules, retention and bonus incentives.  • Managed complex meeting and travel calendar and prepared and submitted expense reports through Oracle-based reporting system.  • Administered company's social budget and maintained and updated all HR department budgets.  • Achieved excellent results as Community Involvement Committee Chair; developed creative fundraising activities and established a corporate matching fund.  • Designed, developed and updated content for HR Intranet web pages utilizing Google Sites.  • Collated company-wide training/development performance metrics using Web-based TMS. Senior Project Coordinator Chevron/ APECs, Inc - Richmond, CA March 2008 to March 2010 A contractor and member of APEC, Inc.'s construction and engineering Project team at Chevron's Administrative Offices, navigating complex internal processes to deliver quality results on time and within budget.  • Client relationship management within teams of Engineers, Subcontractors and Infrastructure utilizing critical thinking and high regard for alignment with business objectives.  • Managed comprehensive MS Excel financial model in order to accurately forecast and track costs for 7 simultaneous projects. Updated multiple, simultaneous schedules utilizing Microsoft Project.  • Quickly mastered new technology and skills to access client systems that would enable smooth project operation - SAP for cost controls, ARIBA for service orders, ERoom for document control. In one notable instance, discovered a $2M accounting error in the client's SAP Enterprise Resource Planning software.  • Responsible for developing process, onboarding contractors, equipment allocation, security badges. Sales Representative Robin Costello August 2003 to December 2008 Sales Rep - Specialty Product Manufacturer's Representative.  An Independent Contractor exclusively responsible for New Mexico and Texas territory as a representative for over 50+ manufacturers of specialty pet products  • B2B consultative selling, impeccable customer service, territory expansion.  • Drove new business through key accounts and established strategic new customer partnerships.  • Designed Purchase Order standard that streamlined fulfillment process and reduced order error.  • Maintained comprehensive confidential and financial database.  • Managed customer issue and product resolution. Project Manager Winks Construction - Greenbrae, CA March 2001 to May 2003 An employee with full office administration and executive responsibilities in support of the owner and General Contractor with a residential construction and remodeling services business.  • Workflow/ project coordination advanced owner's objective to capitalize on new business opportunities.  • Document Control, Client Meetings, Subcontractor schedules and supply/delivery management.  • Bookkeeping and Office Administration including A/P, A/R, inventory, budget, payroll, and tax reporting.  • Procured, researched, reported and summarized product, project, vendor and Industry specific inquiries. Education Environmental Studies Unity College - Unity, ME Skills Altiris (Less than 1 year), Ariba (2 years), budget (10+ years), IBM Cognos (2 years), document control. (10+ years), Excel (10+ years), Frontpage (2 years), Microsoft project. (10+ years), Ms office (10+ years), Project management (7 years), Sap (2 years), Sharepoint (7 years), training (1 year), workflow (10+ years), Estimating (7 years), Scheduling (10+ years), Microsoft Project (10+ years), Outlook (10+ years), Sales (5 years), Word (10+ years), Customer Service (10+ years), Visio (7 years)