Owner Owner Travel Videographer Portland, CT Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Owner Jesse Petrini LLC May 2017 to Present Video Production Company specializing in storytelling with a unique video perspective Project Manager Travelers August 2016 to May 2017 Was an IT project manager at Travelers Insurance for the Business Insurance Sector. TECDP Rotational Project Management Track Cigna Insurance September 2015 to December 2015 Worked with Infrastructure Services group to learn the basis of project management within their department. Learned the beginning stages of early project documentation  (i.e. design gate docs). Facilitated phone meetings on project planning. Organized project  documentation using excel for new projects assigned to the infrastructure services team. Change Coordinator/ Mobile IT Travelers Insurance May 2014 to May 2015 May 2014 - May 2015  Change Coordination Team /Mobile Computing  Work with team to create and assess change/incident work order tickets using Database Software Remedy. Generate weekly reports within Excel and Access to track the issues. Assist mobile computing team to implement a new security application called "AirWatch" on all Travelers mobile devices. Ran pilot groups and generated reports from results. Education Bachelor of Science in Business Information Systems Eastern Connecticut State University May 2016 Certifications/Licenses Driver's License Additional Information Skills: Premiere Pro, After Effects, Photoshop,  Lightroom, C4D Final Cut  HTML5 Clarity PowerPoint  SQL Windows OS Access, Project Illustrator  CSS Apple OS Visual Studio  C++ Oracle Expression Web Dreamweaver    Communications and Skills:  • Good working knowledge of the principles of application development and decision support  • Good knowledge of systems development life cycle, data modeling, and data modeling tools  • Strong oral, written communication skills, and interpersonal skills  • Ability to think logically and analytically, follow instructions, and pay close attention to details