Project Coordinator III <span class="hl">Project</span> Coordinator III Project Coordinator III - HP INC Auburn, GA • Successful Project Coordinator\ Project Manager with 4 years of progressively challenging experience in infrastructure deployments. Extensive experience monitoring, tracking and evaluating global IT infrastructure cases.  • Motivated to drive projects from start to finish as part of a dynamic team.  • Recognized for the ability to lead teams from multiple disciplines through complex system development and implementation challenges, often exceeding desired outcomes ahead of schedule and under budget.  • Focused service orientation and commitment to excellence in dynamically challenging environments.  • Cited for excellent oral/written communication skills.  • Skilled in the use of all MS Office tools, including MS Project and SharePoint.  • Experience managing multiple project teams simultaneously ranging in size from 4 - 16 team members from various technical disciplines.    TECHNICAL EXPERIENCE    Software/Databases: MS Office, MS Project, Share point, CRM, ERP, Remedy, SAP, Siebel, Ariba, PPM, Skype Work Experience Project Coordinator III HP INC August 2017 to Present • Responsible for managing Hardware Deployments on various mid-volume to low-volume printers  • Contact customers each day to coordinate a date and time to dispatch an FSE to the customer's site to complete a refresh or an UG.  • Update excel spreadsheets with all customers that are scheduled for refreshes and/or UGS.  • Have weekly meetings with the DSM" s to determine what refreshes and UGS will be scheduled for the upcoming week.  • Work with the dispatch team to determine if we have available resources to do the refreshes and UGS.  • Send out communications to the FSE that are assigned to a refresh or an UG to ensure that the job is going well and if the work has been completed.  • Worked with various vendors to assist with the hardware deployments  • Attend weekly meetings determine any changes in assigned resources  • Send weekly reports to management on the progress of the project  • Send a monthly report to management and finance on the progress of the project  • Attend weekly meeting to determine how many upgrades and refreshes will be done for the week  • Ship missing parts to engineers  • Receive a daily report from assigned engineers on the progress of an assigned job  • Enter data into computer invoicing system and file with customer information  • Send invoices to appropriate recipients to inform them of payments due received or covered  • Recognize the lack of PO on invoices and documents and resolving the issue  • Place investigative phone calls when there are questionable aspects of the invoice  • Work with Sales manager on coordinating customers installs, refreshes and upgrades  • Send emails to helpdesk to create tickets for the installs, refreshes and upgrades  • Work with logistics team to ensure parts are available to be shipped to scheduled customers  • Work with Business Unit to determine what customer has a contract and/or what customer will be responsible for T&M. JR. Project Manager/ Project Coordinator TELAID INDUSTRIES April 2016 to April 2017 • Support Help Desk and PMO Management on project tasks.  • Manage Client with direct relationships and email, reports and phone correspondence.  • Order materials as needed, including working with the Niantic office and Relaid business.  • Partners/vendors such as Anixter and Graybar to procure parts and track shipment.  • Update customer on all planned activities and grow account through excellent service and management of service cases, MAC cases, rollouts and projects.  • Address scope creep change orders and disputes. This includes invoice disputes, tech issues and client challenges.  • Processed entered tracked sent and received invoices for all departments  • Answered phone calls from inquiring customers and answered questions accordingly  • Reported any past due invoices to appropriate channels  • Manage on-site labor Close cases/capture deliverables.  • Ensure proper resources are in place to provide effective and quality deployment.  • Coordinate the interaction with internal teams in the areas of procurement, kick-off meetings, resource management and support.  • Deliver projects on time, at/under budget and within scope.  • Check technicians in and out using CRM and other systems as needed (i.e. Service Manager, SharePoint, Sales Force and Remedy ticket system, etc.).  • Reset passwords for users in SharePoint.  • Assisted the technicians with troubleshooting the Hardware and Software for the POS systems.  • Monitor ETAs to make sure technicians are on time.  • Work with Help Desk Management Team to ensure daily activities are in-line with team objectives.  • Implement company policies, technical procedures and standards for preserving the integrity and security of data reports.  • Manage creative projects from concept to completion while managing outside vendors.  • Create and maintain SAP materials master data in the areas of the material master purchase pricing and other related areas.  • Review, Analyze and cleanse incoming master data requests in preparation for SAP record creation. IT Coordinator NCR CORPORATION December 2015 to April 2016 • Assisted with software configurations for 7900 Dunkin Stores.  • Assisted the Field Techs remotely with installing the mobile device in all Dunkin Stores.  • Ensured that the software and hardware communicated together for a successful install.  • Consistently met my goals, handling an average of 10-15 daily software installs. Project Coordinator NATIONAL VISION February 2013 to November 2015 • Managed day-to-day operations related to POS systems pertinent to order submission, delivery and shipment, tracking of orders, quoting, etc.  • Attended meetings with project manager, service manager, implementation engineers and key stakeholders.  • Directly involved in the preparation of requests, bids and contracts for proposals.  • Tracked and analyzed the requirements of the project during all phases from start to end.  • Performed schedule changes.  • Assigned resources to the documentation of communication for all projects.  • Followed up on work orders.  • Project base of skill set and availability.  • Performed Audits on Software and Hardware. Senior Helpdesk Analyst IBM GLOBAL SERVICES April 1996 to January 2013 • Technical support on POS Systems for various retail chains such as Macy's, Pathmark and Sears Roebuck providing remote support.  • Technical liaison between the customer, Operations Support, Service Delivery Managers and Project Executives.  • Performed diagnostic with end users to determine whether their problem was hardware or software related such as modems, printers, cables, peripherals and various software applications.  • Initiated and terminated services in NT and Sun Solaris environments.  • Determined what processes were running on UNIX and NT platforms.  • Logged calls using problem management database and maintained history records and related problem documentation.  • Performed system management functions such as Netview monitoring and User-id management on diverse platforms (NT, OS/2, AIX and Sun Solaris).  • Analyzed and evaluated incident reports and made recommendations to reduce help line incident rates. Education Morgan State University - Baltimore, MD Skills Networking, Pmi, Retail, Lan Additional Information Operating Systems: MS XP Professional    Networking: General IT, Desktop, Network/LAN/PC, Deployments    Methodologies: PMI Methodologies, Water Fall    Others: Resource Management, Health Care, Retail, IT Service, E-Commerce