Senior IT Project Manager Senior <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Senior IT Project Manager - Merck & Co Branchburg, NJ Goal-focused Information Technology specialist accustomed to working across multi-functional teams in administering and enhancing global, enterprise IT infrastructures. Adept at driving process improvement and cycle time reduction resulting in increased business value while reducing operating expenses. Excel at cultivating IT business partnerships with key internal and external stakeholders, and at engaging with customers to assess goals and exceed expectations. Work Experience Senior IT Project Manager Merck & Co - Branchburg, NJ April 2019 to Present Contracted to deploy, track and document the annual processes for Windows10 annual updates globally. Key responsibilities are to create and manage the governance for a repeatable process, managing the end user awareness, track issue and risk log, and verify application testing. Manage the deployment schedule and ensure proper reporting and end user support is provided. Present progress and critical risks and issues to stakeholders and sponsors. Senior IT Project Manager RWJ Barnabas Health - West Orange, NJ April 2018 to April 2019 Contracted to deploy Windows10 and Office2016 to 29,000 devices across all RWJ Barnabas Health Hospitals and Healthcare facilities. Manage resources, schedules, and financials and adhere to SDLC control guidelines throughout the full systems development life cycle. This also includes management of issues, risks and project change requests to ensure successful and on-time project delivery. Contribute to process improvement initiatives as it relates to improving project delivery.  • Manage a portfolio of complex initiatives that span one or multiple lines of business  • Provide on-site leadership for project team by building and motivating team members to meet project goals, adhering to their responsibilities and project milestones  • Full project life cycle ownership: successful project delivery will include full implementation from initiation to deployment for one major or several minor initiatives simultaneously  • Manage all aspects of multiple related projects to ensure the overall program is aligned to and directly supports the achievement of strategic objectives  • Report on project success criteria results, metrics, test and deployment management activities  • Work creatively and analytically in a problem-solving environment demonstrating teamwork, innovation and excellence  • Participate in establishing practices, templates, policies, tools and partnerships to expand and mature these capabilities for the organization  • Prepare estimates and detailed project plan for all phases of the project  • Procure adequate resources to achieve project objectives in planned timeframes  • Manage the day-to-day project activities and resources and chairs the project management team meetings  • Monitor staff performance and complete performance reviews  • Provide status reporting regarding project milestones, deliverable, dependencies, risks and issues, communicating across leadership  • Understand interdependencies between technology, operations and business needs  • Demonstrate a functional acumen to support how solutions will address client goals while maintaining alignment with industry best practices  • Manage project scope and changes  • Participate and/or drive feasibility studies, vendor selections and proposals for evaluation by appropriate key stakeholders. Responsible for Vendor SOW review and approval.  • Proven success in providing on site leadership for project team by building and motivating team members to meet project goals, adhering to their responsibilities and project milestones  • Performance reviews and staff development  • Monitor the performance of staff  • Establish practices, templates, policies, tools and partnerships to expand and mature these capabilities for the organization Global IT Project Manager Johnson & Johnson - Piscataway, NJ April 2017 to April 2018 Contracted to Project Manage the Customer & Logistics Services (CLS) Global Contact Centers Telephony upgrades and migrations to Genesys (ININ) and Salesforce.com (SFDC). This includes understanding and improving the end-to-end business cycles, the ability to act effectively at various levels of detail, collaborate and work constructively with other teams and senior management.  • Work closely with Call Center iConnect CRM Integrations.    • Liaison with Global Business Partners and vendors.    • Vendor Management - Genesys, Salesforce.com.    • Participate and provide input to establish program schedule of tasks and deliverables for the Telephony Work Stream.    • Utilize PMX plan in support of Executive Dashboard of Global statuses.    • Complete Design elements for the Telephony ININ enhancements.    • Manage and execute the Test Strategies - Business case development, SIT and UAT testing with ININ and SFDC.    • Create/manage Cutover Plans for Go-live activities; Formal execution of the Cutover Plans - update RAID, deliverables.    • Ability to articulate BUIT requests and prioritize effectively.    • End -to- End process and reporting creation for metrics globally.    • Manage and lead daily Hypercare calls to document, review, prioritize and resolve issues that occur. Possess strong sense of urgency and the ability to escalate appropriately.    • Lead the necessary trainings, and create the WI's, SOP's and KT's to Regional BUIT IT, Contact Agents, Vendors and PMO.    • Evaluate and communicate end-to-end business cycles.    • Possess the ability to act effectively at various levels of detail    • Work constructively with teams and senior management to provide Global status and risks.    • Facilitate problem-solving and decision-making IT Project Manager Consultant AIG - Berkeley Heights, NJ July 2016 to May 2017 Contracted to use my Project Management expertise to improve collaboration amongst internal teams with a defined methodology (Agile, ITIL, Waterfall, Six Sigma). Assist in shifting scope definition, risk identification, collaboration and problem-solving to successfully deliver projects on tight and critical deadlines.  • Project Manage IT Software deployments globally for over 46,000 users including: Windows10, Office 365, Active Directory, IE11.  • Lead and develop project scope statements, in consultation with applicable stakeholders (e.g., program / project charter, kick-off presentations, Business Vision Document).  • High successful at managing people to collaborate and work through organizational changes.  • Lead and facilitate meetings to accomplish team goals and resolve issues.  • Highly passionate on customer satisfaction and relationship building.  • Work with resource managers to drive the identification of the skills, duration and effort required for successful project execution.  • Research and document processes and data flow in a dynamic setting national and regional in scope (Visio process flow diagrams, Standard Operating Procedures)  • Establish / apply quality objectives, criteria, standards and levels using appropriate quality management methods, with stakeholder input (e.g., key performance indicators, acceptance criteria, agile development environment)  • Develop, communicate and implement program / project risk / issue management plans and strategies (e.g., status reporting, mitigation plans).  • Lead customer engagement and facilitate all vendor interactions and escalation processes. IT Global Infrastructure Delivery Lead Johnson & Johnson 2012 to 2016 Identified as high potential IT lead to drive process improvement, cycle time reduction, SLA adherence, supplier management and deployment in the area of Global Infrastructure Server Provisioning. Managed the prioritization of global server builds for end user demand.  • Reduced costs through automation and leaning processes resulting in a 25% reduction in end to end cycle time and headcount efficiency.  • Responsible to monitor ITSM including Incident and Change Management, SLA Management and Knowledge Base articles for Helpdesk agents.  • Drove traditional physical server builds to virtual services and into J&J's newly created Software Defined Data Center. Improved server factory builds from 14 days to 3 days.  • Managed and led Infrastructure Outsourced Suppliers adhering to SLA's, process improvements, as well as single Point of Contact for all Supplier Escalations.  • Performed and delivered data analysis of servers to Leadership Team.  • Creation of Operational Metrics using Excel, Tableau, Cognos, ServiceNow and other reporting tools for data analysis.  • Responsible for all CMDB updates for new and legacy IT assets. Johnson & Johnson - New Brunswick, NJ 2007 to 2016 IT Product Management Lead Johnson & Johnson - Raritan, NJ 2014 to 2015 Assigned as Continuous Improvement Lead to assist new formed IT Product Management Team to develop product management methodology and processes. Designed and trained Product Management processes and Agile movement to internal and external stakeholders. Responsible for Scrum Master tasks, including creating and delivering daily Stand up calls, and assisted with the Stand Up tasks and agendas. Created data driven reports for Business Partners indicating costs for Products versus actual use.  • Designed Product Management Process & Methodology, including end-to-end support model, service transition, hyper care management, enhancement process, proof of concepts, end user communications and feedback loops.  • Tested piloted and deployed IT upgrades to end users including WebEx, E10, Office 365 and iCloud services. Reviewed and deployed new IT tools such as JABBER & JIVE software.  • Conducted, organized and delivered communications process to key business and IT stakeholders. IT Business Relationship Management Lead Johnson & Johnson - Raritan, NJ 2010 to 2012 Responsible for managing performance metrics using Service Now, demand intake and portfolio alignment of Infrastructure Shared IT Services for Johnson & Johnson Medical Devices and Diagnostics companies.  Service Advocacy and Business Relationship Management - Focused on IT Service Level Management and Operational Performance for J&J Medical Device & Diagnostics franchises.  • Enterprise and Shared Services IT Portfolio - Monitor Compliance and tracking to Enterprise and Shared Services IT Portfolio. Drove prioritization and aligned activities with capacity constraints  • Demand Management - Manage weekly / monthly / quarterly capacity management reviews from requests in Service Now.  • Project Manager - Maintain knowledge of Global Operating Company (GOC) level projects, portfolios and identify potential leveraging opportunities.  • Partnered with cross functional Portfolio Management teams to drive alignment and prioritization of programs and projects. Telecommunications Specialist Johnson & Johnson - New Brunswick, NJ 2007 to 2010 Managed all aspects of operations for circuit and voice provisioning. Main point of contact for all outages and escalations. Responsible for updating CMDB with new and legacy hardware. Addressed all end user voice issues, moves, adds and changes submitted in Service Now. Created and ran reports in Service Now for metrics review and SLA adherence to upper management. Demonstrated consistent adherence for all SLA's for internal and external customers and vendors. Ensured successful planning and delivery of Web, Voice and Video services for the following:  • Facilitated Voice and Data services for the yearly Annual Shareholders Meeting  • Built out voice and data for new office building in NYC    Additional experience available upon request. Education Bachelor of Science in Business Management Kutztown University - Kutztown, PA Skills ITIL, SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT, LIFE CYCLE, SDLC, COGNOS, TABLEAU, PROVISIONING, TELEPHONY, DEVOPS, INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY INFRASTRUCTURE LIBRARY, TECHNOLOGY INFRASTRUCTURE, OPERATIONS, OPERATIONS ANALYSIS, SUPPLIER MANAGEMENT, SIX SIGMA, PROGRAM MANAGEMENT, COST REDUCTION, TELECOMMUNICATIONS, PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT, SIX SIGMA METHODOLOGIES, Information Technology, PM, Waterfall, PMP, Scrum Master Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/aconfortini Additional Information Areas of Expertise:    • Infrastructure Server Provisioning  • Call Center development  • Software Deployments  • Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL)  • Healthcare experience  • Global IT Operations  • Supplier Management  • Product Development  • Six Sigma Methodologies    • ITSM/Service Now  • Program Management  • Project Management  • Telephony Capacity Management  • Telecommunications  • CMDB experience  • Program Management  • DevOps - Agile Movement  • Customer Service Advocacy    • Business Relationship Management  • Cost Reduction & Avoidance  • Enterprise Supplier  • Cognos, Tableau  • Systems Development Life Cycle (SDLC)  • Service Improvement (CSI)  • Operations Analysis / Process Redesign