Agile Scrum Master and Mobile Project Manager Agile Scrum Master and Mobile <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Agile Scrum Master and Mobile Project Manager - VF CORPORATION Greensboro, NC Work Experience Agile Scrum Master and Mobile Project Manager VF CORPORATION - Greensboro, NC February 2018 to Present Lead multiple Enterprise Cloud teams in AWS Cloud migration, Mobile Application development, and Cloud Platform  development, using Agile methodology. As an Agile coach this includes oversight of day to day management of teams while maturing scrum and SDLC processes. Manage Enterprise Cloud Engineering portfolio and demand management  process for incoming initiatives and tasks.    ? Lead Agile ceremonies for all project teams including daily scrums, release planning, demos, backlog grooming, and retrospectives  ? Work with product owners and engineering teams to learn and practice healthy backlog creation and management including prioritization practices  ? Facilitate the execution and improvement of backlog creation and refinement  ? Observe and engage with team members to identify opportunities for improvement and growth  ? Utilize applications to track team progress and KPI's, to assess skills gaps and areas of improvement to mature methodology within the team.  ? Project Manager for mobile cloud team including requirements gathering, project timeline, and project execution  ? Manage demand management process for Cloud teams to monitor dependency management and resource capacity, and cross team coordination  ? Facilitate DevOps environment and fosters continuous improvement and a culture of learning  ? Provide Agile coaching by educating and mentoring product owners and team members in Agile practices, mindset, framework, and processes  ? Foster team responsibility, accountability, transparency, and self-organizing values of Agile  ? Advocate Agile principles amongst all levels including teams, stakeholders, product owners, and senior leadership Senior IT Project Manager/Scrum Master OLD DOMINION FREIGHT LINE - Thomasville, NC 2014 to 2018 Managed multiple projects concurrently from inception to completion, with multiple project teams. Served as Agile coach to business and technology personnel in Agile transformation. Championed Agile processes as Scrum Master for project  teams at all levels in the transformation. Tracked and reported project milestones, KPI's, and provided status regularly to  steering committees, stakeholders and project sponsors. Managed project scope and change management process.    ? Managed multiple project teams of JAVA and Oracle developers to create modernized web applications  ? Utilized Agile methodology successfully to implement projects per the requirements  ? Trained and mentored team members in Agile Scrum and Kanban practices  ? Provided leadership, vision and direction for both project teams and owners while working cross-functionally to solve problems and implement changes  ? Managed projects through the SDLC in enterprise environment, evaluate progress and quality, manage issue  resolution and take corrective action as necessary  ? Relationship management between all project team members, infrastructure, architects, stakeholders, and management  ? Project charter and scope documentation including roles, tasks and key performance indicators  ? Utilized PMO applications and processes to create and groom product backlog, monitor, track, and report on project status and metrics  ? Successfully deliver end-to-end applications, including application Release management tool, security code  review tool, and PCI compliance application including DB2 to Oracle data migration. IT Project/Program Manager and Scrum Master MARKET AMERICA - Greensboro, NC August 2010 to May 2014 Managed project teams of front-end and back-end developers across multiple technologies to create web and mobile  applications for international enterprise level company, in multilingual sets of content, using Agile and Waterfall  methodologies. Delivered successful high-profile projects on time, in an extreme deadline driven environment. Scrum  Master and Agile coaching for development team.    ? Project and program manager for multiple teams to create web and mobile applications for internal and externalcustomers  ? Implemented and championed Agile methodology during transition from Waterfall  ? Strategically managed the post-production application maintenance concurrently with new project initiatives  ? Managed all assigned projects through the project lifecycle and SDLC.  ? Managed progress, quality, and issue resolution during QA/regression cycle.  ? Coached development teams to create quality user stories and acceptance criteria to maximize development time and minimize defects  ? Managed day-to-day project elements including project vision/objectives, scope, quality, schedule, resourcing, vendor management, dependencies, QA, and sign-off, status reporting, and business owner engagement  ? Motivated team and provided leadership to produce quality work and be successful in a fast-paced and deadline driven environment  ? Created and fostered teamwork cross-functionally to solve problems, implement changes, and promote quality communication among all project team members  ? Program/ project manager for country expansion for entire site replication Project Manager SPRINT - Wake Forest, NC 2005 to 2009 Asset Management project manager with departmental cost savings initiative topping $550k annually. Managed projects  nationally while coordinating vendors and project teams remotely.    ? Managed projects nationally to procure, relocate, redeploy, and decommission peripheral devices  ? Performed business case analysis and justification based on location and technological requirements to increase  employee productivity and focus on company cost reduction  ? Successfully refreshed peripheral assets in three Florida locations yielding a cost savings of $300k annually  ? Created and defined implementation processes and led cross-functional teams to execute new technology  strategies and plans  ? Responsible for procuring new hardware from vendors to provide cost effective solutions while providing the highest level of technology to end users; use vendor's interface to track invoices, product usage, and  maintenance  ? Utilized company asset management tool to manage, input, track, and monitor company assets Real Estate Facility Coordinator SPRINT - Wake Forest, NC 2000 to 2005 Provided real estate and facilities management, as Lead Facility Coordinator, for 250 Sprint facilities in North and South  Carolina. Facilitate project initiatives for real estate relocations and site decommissioning.  ? Coordination and management of Sprint enterprise real estate portfolio, including day to day building and facility  management, project coordination, and security management  ? Implemented Emergency Response Team for 500+ employees for 350k square foot facility including team  member management, evacuation plans, emergency supplies, and organizing of emergency drills  ? Managed technology requests and interfaced with project teams to implement new technology plans to reduce  enterprise costs  ? Responsible for facility-related expense reports for monthly, quarterly, and yearly budget analysis  ? Managed monthly variance reports including processing, tracking, and resolving invoices for facility-related  expenses Education East Carolina University 1997 to 2000 Skills Application development, Ms project, Visio, Unicenter, Ms sharepoint, Sharepoint, Jira, Rally, Ms office, Risk assessment, Vendor management, Program management, Portfolio management, Excel, Outlook, Powerpoint, Word, Ms visio, Process improvement, Real estate, Agile Scrum, Scrum Master, PM, Certified Scrum Master, Scrum, CSM, Kanban Additional Information Team Development and Maturity, Process Management, and Agile Transformation  Self-directed, results-driven IT Manager. Experienced and proactive professional offering 14 years of success leading all  phases of diverse technology projects. Strong background in coaching and developing people and teams, and influencing  behavior change in transformation environments. Strong communication skills while working directly with internal and  external clients at all business levels and managing large scale enterprise projects. Strong leader and advocate for  adoption of Agile methodology in maturing technology environments. Experience managing multidisciplinary teams, co-  located and remote. Industry experience includes: Information Technology, Apparel, Transportation, Telecommunication,  and Ecommerce.    CORE COMPETENCIES    ? Agile/Waterfall Methodologies ? Resource Management ? AWS Cloud Migration  ? Project Management Office ? Agile Coach ? Application Development  ? Process Improvement ? Program Management ? Risk Assessment/Management  ? Real Estate Project Mgmt ? Cross-Functional team Mgmt ? Vendor Management    TECHNICAL EXPERTISE MS Office Suite (0ffice 365, Word, Excel, PowerPoint), MS Project, MS Visio, MS  Outlook, MS SharePoint, SmartSheet, Rally/Agile Central, JIRA, GitLab, Quality  Center, BPM, Zoom, LINK, Skype Business, Go-To Meeting, WebEx, Unicenter  Service Desk (USD), Unicenter Asset Portfolio Management (UAPM)