Senior Project Manager Senior <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Senior Project Manager - Medtronic Franklin, MA Extensive experience as a Senior Program and Project manager for large Fortune 100 companies. Solid background managing large complex global projects using various methodologies, implementing PMO's, working in Bio-Pharma R&D, Clinical, highly regulated environments, manufacturing, Product Development and financial businesses. Experience with Cloud technologies and ServiceNow. Highly versed with Microsoft office tools and Project. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior Project Manager Medtronic - Mansfield, MA November 2017 to Present Managed several projects to divest large business entity from Medtronic to Cardinal Health. Managed the successful separation of all quality systems and transfer of processes and data. Also managed financial GPO Fee payment re-engineering program for Medtronic Global. Managing several Oracle Agile projects to migrate engineering and manufacturing from legacy systems and acquisitions. Senior Program/ Project Manager - PMO CVS Healthcare - Woonsocket, RI 2016 to November 2017 Managed business critical projects for corporate PMO. Responsible for various key internal initiatives to integrate new acquisition and improve IT processes. Managed business process to manage large customer employee subscription benefit mailings due to health plan changes. Managed corporate build and migration to Enterprise Exchange 2013. Managing IT project Portfolio. Project Manager Sanofi R&D - Waltham, MA 2015 to 2016 Managed R&D technology projects to improve development, reduce costs, and promote integration between Sanofi and Genzyme. Managed projects to enable large data storage requirements in the 10's of Petabytes to support "Big Data" and MongoDB projects. Developed strategy and requirements to execute a proof of concept and then full scale implementation. Also defined data search strategy with Cloud solutions as well as internal systems to implement O365 and Microsoft Azure. Senior Business Consultant/Senior Program Manager British Telecom - Boston, MA 2008 to 2015 Provided executive level business consulting, program management and project management for clients of British Telecom in the US and Globally. Projects ranged from IT Optimization, Business Process Engineering, Release Management, Transition and Transformation, Hosting Operations, Infrastructure upgrade/refresh, Data Center Disaster Recovery, moves and consolidation to Infrastructure, organizational and compliance assessments. Performed new technology assessments, recommendations and implementation for Cloud based services. Extensive experience in Bio-Medical and Bio-Pharma industries. Experience with O365, Azure, Active directory deployments as well as mobile device management and support services.  3 time winner of Presidents award for excellence.    BT Customer Programs managed:  Jabil Electronics.  Senior Program Manager for US based sites. Implemented processes for new customer transition and transformation. Internet, WAN-MPLS, LAN, WLAN, voice.  Bristol-Myers Squibb  Senior Program Manager for global site technology refreshes and new implementations for BMS. Managed site moves and consolidations as well as technology pilots and new technology deployments. Implemented client regulatory processes and documentation required for Bio-Medical companies.  Biogen Idec  Program Manager for all Biogen Idec projects within BT. Managed global site conversions from Nortel to Cisco and legacy PBX's to Cisco IP Telephony. Managed projects to implement new data center with disaster recovery and campus network for new Weston site, moved new US headquarters from Cambridge to Weston.  Syngenta  Program Manager for client site refreshes and upgrade projects for all of the America's.  Novartis - NIBR  Program Manager for multiple project teams that delivered a new Vista based desktop/laptop client to 5000+ research users globally. Delivered a new client base image tested on all client platforms, application packaging and delivery system for 1500+ packages, license management/procurement, configuration management and asset management.  Unilever  Senior Consultant to Perform ITIL assessment of contracted services provided by BT to Unilever Globally. Developed and implemented recommendations to improve service delivery and to become ITIL compliant.  Phase-Forward  Senior Project Manager to perform assessments of the operations organization that managed hosted clinical trial applications for multiple clients. Developed and implemented process improvements and process automation for management and reporting of all hosted instances of custom clinical trial application. The direct results were significant reliability improvement and service responsiveness to clients. IT/IS Manager A.I.R. Worldwide Corp - Boston, MA 2005 to 2007 Responsible for projects, production and web hosting IT operations, security as well as internal IS.  • Managed a team of 12, operating two world class data centers operating 200+ servers.  • Responsible for 7x24x365 operations, providing 99.8% availability for large corporate customers like Allstate, ISO and Liberty Mutual State Farm, Farmers.  • Hosted applications were internally developed and customized for most clients.  • Developed and managed full release management methodology and process.  • Developed and implemented disaster recovery plan for Boston and India operations.  • Implemented full redundancy for infrastructure and applications and deep proactive applications monitoring.  • Developed security practice and prepared for internal audit.  • Developed Data security and management processes for customer data.  • Implemented intrusion detection and access monitoring standards.  • Developed applications metrics and managed customer Service Level Agreements.  • Implemented AppSight for application diagnostics internally and at customer sites.  • Replaced company phone system with a modern VOIP digital system. Manager of FlightView Cisco - Allston, MA 2003 to 2005 Technologies used were Windows 2000, 2003, XP, Vista, Active Directory, MS-SQL 2000-2005, NetIQ, Exchange, SalesForce.com, Linux, IIS, .NET, Oracle, Cisco, BigIP, IDS, Checkpoint, Eventia, AppSight, TeamFoundation.    RLM Software Allston, MA  Manager of FlightView 2003 to 2005  Responsible for all FlightView commercial products, client projects, operations, security, release management and services to consumers, transportation providers, airports and airlines. FlightView software displayed and managed real-time location and situation data for all FAA tracked commercial and private flights and flight information. Operated a 7x24x365 data center providing %100 availability. Implemented SalesForce.com for customer management.  Technologies used were Windows NT-Win2003, IIS, .NET, Apache, Linux, C/C++, Java, Perl, MySql, CodeBase, ASP, Cisco and Exchange. IT Manager Oracle/Amadeus - e-Travel - Waltham, MA 2000 to 2002 e-Travel was a subsidiary of Oracle, later purchased by Amadeus, which hosted and developed Internet web sites for corporate business travelers for fortune 1000 companies worldwide.  • Managed client implementation and customization projects.  • Developed hosting architecture to support high reliability, security and scalability using NT and Oracle.  • Implemented highly customizable interface for corporations to customize site appearance, business logic, application flow and contracted suppliers.  • Implemented consumer customization tools and add-on services.  • Implemented all network, data and application security. Applied industry standard practices and passed third party audits for security. Developed standards for firewalls, VPN's and customer access and control.  • Build large high volume production and staging websites for online business travel.  • Implemented strong technical organization for 7x24x365 in-house management of site and application, achieving 99.7% and better availability.  • Implemented multi-tier structured customer support help desk.  • Developed and implemented new architecture to support rapid development, deployment and fast company growth.  • Implemented and managed all high volume connectivity to airline reservation systems.  • Deployed new internal infrastructure and migrated to Win2000/XP.  • Managed full integration of networks, tools and processes with new owner company.  • Designed and implemented full release management methodology and process  • Implemented Q/A testing processes and methodologies to greatly improve reliability and quality of products and services.  • Developed strong strategic relationships with technology providers, vendors and customers.  • Negotiated and maintained contracts with all suppliers and technology vendors.  • Participated in Sales process to demonstrate technology and product value to customers and implemented SalesForce.com for sales team.  IT Manager was the principal driver architecting products and services to be scalable and robust to support exceptional growth for this company. As member of the executive team took this company from a small internet startup environment to a full scale ASP on the internet and fully integrating Oracle's products and services. Also implemented a full SDLC and project management methodology.  Technologies used were NT/Win2K, Oracle, Cisco, PIX firewalls, intrusion detection, MS products, C++, Java, J2EE, servlets, JSP, BEA WebLogix and IIS. Education QED Information Sciences Bentley College Computer Engineering University of Bridgeport - Bridgeport, CT Computer Science Keystone Junior College - La Plume, PA Electrical Engineering Electro-technical School Holland - Amsterdam, NL Certifications/Licenses Driver's License