Director of IT Applications Director of <span class="hl">IT</span> Applications Director of IT Applications - Advanced Recovery Systems Coral Springs, FL Work Experience Director of IT Applications Advanced Recovery Systems - Fort Lauderdale, FL 2016 to Present Responsible for all aspects of hardware and software support, including managing and protecting the overall  integrity and security for corporate data assets.  • Manage a staff of 7 Information Technology ( IT) Professionals. Department is responsible for maintaining and supporting 1000 users 24/7 spanning locations across the country.  • Implementation and management of software to enable management and reporting of IT, Billing, and Maintenance request as well as tracking of company assets.  • Implementation and management of enterprise-wide file server, web filtering, security, and virus/spam blocking.  • Integratation and management of outsourced pharmacy services with core Electronic Health Record (EHR).  • Integratation and management of Electronic Prescribing and Bi-Directional Lab/Pharmacy Functionality.  • Full support and set up of 5 new locations with core EHR and business systems, including staging infrastructure.  • Provide ongoing training, configuration, and support for EHR and business systems. Create weekly training  webinars offering training 24/7 to meet operational needs.  • Migration and management to Office 365 for all locations.  • Implementation, training, and support of VoIP solution. This includes call tracking integration, mobile calling, and call reporting. This has created a more comprehensive communication solution for both onsite and remote/mobile  employees. Project Manager Henderson Behavioral Health - Lauderdale Lakes, FL 2010 to 2016 Moved agency from paper-based clinical documentation to Electronic Health Record (EHR) yielding a 25%  annual savings on administrative costs. Managed to change the company's culture from using paper  (assessments, progress notes, etc.) to electronic chart.  • EHR project completed in half of the national average implementation time (6 months vs. 12) with subject matter  expert work groups setup by the IT Department.  • Implemented 90% of clinical documentation into EHR while still maintaining national certification accreditations  and compliance with federal HIPAA standards.  • Trained over 600 employees in a 1-month period. Most staff had to be train in basic computer skills as well as their respective job responsibilities within the EHR.  • Created "Super User" network by screening and selecting staff who received intensive training at each main  location. These staffs were trained in computer basics and EHR troubleshooting along with advanced EHR  usability training.  • Transitioned from outsourced payroll to in-house solution. Worked closely with the finance department to customize the payroll cycle to meet their business needs. Increased efficiency by moving away from paper and  adding electronic timekeeping, W2's, direct deposit, and travel expenses resulting in $50,000 annual savings.  • Integrated the Human Resources and Payroll systems, creating synchronized record keeping and prevented  previous discrepancies with employee records. Trained department on administrative functions and performed  end-user training (supervisors and employees).  • Used database reporting tools to create custom reports that provided HR with real-time data uploads required for state and/or federal reporting systems. Provided the finance department with Revenue Sharing, Workers  Compensation, Payroll Summary, Medical, and Dental Insurance information reports and many others.  • Added a web-based electronic prescribing, medication management, lab, and radiology ordering management  system (OrderConnect). Configured e-prescribing to work jointly with the EHR to provide an integrated clinical  chart.  • Worked directly with the medical staff (MD, ARNP, RN, and LPN) to provide special hands-on experiences before using the system daily.  • Deployed a new PrimaryCare module to provide this new line of business solution that integrated with our EHR  system. Became a beta for the iPad-based application. During this time, we were part of the software  development cycle, and were able to provide real-time feedback that greatly enhanced the final application before its release to the rest of the country.  • Upgraded EHR after two years of initial installation and completed project in half of the national average  implementation time (3 months vs. 6).  • Implementation and management of direct referral messaging system with Broward and Memorial Healthcare  systems, becoming the first organization to accomplish this physical and mental health electronic care  coordination in the US.  • Upgrade the EHR system to meet the needs of the ICD-10 requirements.  • Managed Florida State Reporting Operations (SAMHIS Data Warehouse) required by the Florida Legislature.  • Implementation and management of software for managing and service level agreement for reporting on IT, Billing, QI, and Maintenance requests.  • Transitioned the organization to a robust document management solution yielding better efficiency and a 50%  annual print/copy savings. Office Manager Henderson Behavioral Health - Fort Lauderdale, FL 2001 to 2010 • Provided resolutions to questions and problems that arose with consumers and employees.  • Trained new administrative employees. Training included: checking in process, payment collection, medical  records, administrative forms, and any other daily functions.  • Created and/or coordinate monthly reports on intakes/transfers/closings, front desk transactions, monthly  calendars, and ad hoc management reports as needed.  • Supervised and set daily goals and responsibilities for administrative staff. This included rearranging and reprioritizing responsibilities due to unexpected audits, unscheduled time off, natural disaster, etc.  • Interviewed and hired for vacant positions; additionally, corrective action on termination when necessary and then  replicate at other locations.  • Developed work schedules and training tools/guidelines which were implemented.  • Completed initial three month and yearly evaluations for administrative staff with the Administrator.    Technical Skills:  Proficient in using the following programs: Acronis, Active Directory, Adobe Professional, Bomgar, Crystal Reports, Dameware, FileZilla, Google Docs, GoToAssist, Log-Me-In, Microsoft Office Suite, Office 365, Photoshop, Screen  Capture/Training Tools, Survey Monkey, SysAid, Spiceworks, and WebEx. Education Master in Business Administration in Business Administration University of Phoenix - Phoenix, AZ 2018 Bachelors in Information Technology in Information Technology University of Phoenix - Phoenix, AZ 2017 Project Management Florida Atlantic University 2013 Associate of Arts in Business Administration WI University - Phoenix, AZ 2007 Skills Electronic Health Records (10+ years), Billing (10+ years), Active directory (10+ years), Crystal reports (10+ years), Electronic Medical Records (10+ years), Management (10+ years), Office Administration (10+ years), Project Management (10+ years), Healthcare (10+ years), IT Management (5 years), Software Development (10+ years), Business Analysis (10+ years), Networking (5 years), Integration (10+ years), Visio (10+ years), Office Manager (10+ years), Operations Management (5 years), Leadership Development (5 years), Training (10+ years), Training & Development (10+ years), Team Building (10+ years), Teamwork (10+ years), Customer Service (10+ years), Employee Relations (10+ years), Inventory Management (5 years), New Product Development (10+ years) Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/llyannarinejit http://@lnarinejit Certifications/Licenses Driver's License