IT PROJECT MANAGER <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">PROJECT</span> <span class="hl">MANAGER</span> IT PROJECT MANAGER - TEKSYNAP NUCLEAR REG. COMMISSION Silver Spring, MD Apply technical knowledge gained from working on projects in multi-platform environments. Utilize knowledge to successfully implement processes from Information Technology Service Management (ITSM) and Information Technology Information Library (ITIL) practices. While providing the organization with measurable metrics for continued service improvement along the Project lifecycle. Work Experience IT PROJECT MANAGER TEKSYNAP NUCLEAR REG. COMMISSION - Rockville, MD March 2019 to Present Quality Assurance Management, including but not limited to:    • Evaluation, testing, and validation of IT services  • Development and implementation quality assurance problem reporting processes and systems  • Analysis of deficiencies in service or performance and recommendations of service improvements to address problems  • Assists to ensure that PMO/ project milestones/goals are met and adhering to approved budgets.  • Developing and maintaining a deliverable tracking sheet  • Drafting, negotiating and refining Deliverable definitions with the service areas, ensuring business requirements are met and agreement from all parties involved    Service Level Management, including but not limited to:    • Identifying business requirements by working with NRC Service Area Leads and TekSynap CLIN Leads   • Assisting in translating business requirements into IT requirements  • Developing and maintaining a service level requirement tracking sheet  • Performing gap analysis between business requirements and available services.  • Drafting, negotiating and refining SLRs with the service areas, ensuring business requirements are met and agreement from all parties involved  • Implementing SLRs  • Measuring SLR performance, reporting results and adjusting as necessary    IT Project Management    • Manage project schedule, resources, and task and submit burn reports for SNCC projects funded in the first year. IT PROJECT MANAGER G2SF INC - Rockville, MD October 2012 to March 2019 End User Computing including but not limited to:    • Manage day to day workload oversight of 20 EUC Technicians, 10 Regional IT System Admins including off site locations.  • Utilized MS Project 2010 for scheduling technical resources and to track progress of moves for NRC office modernization project.  • Conducted Change and Release Management meetings, to review the Change Request (CRQ) submitted weekly in Remedy for our internal Change Control Board meeting. Guiding CRQ owners through the change process.  • On-Call Incident Management leadership for major incidents that impact service operations for our HQ or external sites.  • Created monthly Technical Status Reports (TSR) outlining the pass and failures of Service Level Requirements (SLRs), and other service deliverables.    Mobility Operations including but not limited to:    • Managed day to day schedule and tasks for Mobility Operations anticipating issues and directing the operations staff in following the standard processes and procedures in support of the customer mobile services.  • Submitted burn reports monthly to the Mobility Operations Program COR to keep track $1.3M annual funding awarded for Mobility Operations.  • Created the Project Plan, Project Scope, and Operations Schedule for the project to decommission the Blackberry Services and implement MaaS360 Mobile Device Management Solution.  • Reviewed Security Technical Implementation Guide (STIG) for Mac OS X and iOS platforms, for the MaaS360 project. Created secure images for deployment following the NIST STIG and the guidelines for FIPS and FISMA requirements. While developing and testing the images to insure that the IT security procedures were followed to identify risks and prevent security vulnerabilities.  • Provided weekly/monthly status and trending analysis reports to identify problems and make recommendations for improvements to products and services to the COTR and COR. MACINTOSH TEAM LEAD L3 TECHNOLOGIES - Washington, DC August 2009 to October 2012 • Coordinated with Apple technical consultants for the Mac Enterprise Integration (MEI) Project. Building out a secure OS imaging and deployment process to integrate Mac computers into an Active Directory (AD) environment for single sign-on following NIST STIGS and FISMA policies.  • Created technical documentation on the process of deploying Mac images using NetBoot from Mac Open Directory Server, running setup scripts, managing the image build packages from JAMF Casper and joining the Mac to the AD domain.  • Managed the triage of Apple technical support for several departments within EOP and White House Operations. Testing, and planning scheduled security software updates for the operating system and applications and pushing them out via JAMF Casper.  • Regularly created and orally presented status reports regarding project progress on the MEI initiative to senior executive staff.  • Created Wiki site on Apple Server for project task tracking, stakeholder feedback during testing for the MEI project.  • Coordinated with the Information Assurance and Security Operations agency staff bi- weekly to go over POA&M's for Secure Mobile Workstation configuration and disaster recovery procedures to determine IT system risks and correct vulnerabilities. MACINTOSH SUPPORT ENGINEER STEFANINI IT SOLUTIONS - Bethesda, MD January 2009 to August 2009 • Coordinated the implementation of Apple Common Criteria practices for National Heart and Lung Bioinformatics Institute (NHLBI) security configurations on all Mac computers being deployed.  • Setup and administered Apple OS X Open Directory server  • Advised NHLBI management on Apple technology and software purchases. Coordinating all service and support for hardware and software issues.  • Configured, imaged and deployed Windows XP computers following Federal Desktop Core Criteria (FDCC) to NHLBI offices.  • Piloted and configured mobile profiles on the 1st Generation iPhones for a Mobility project to eventually deploy to various institutes. Education BACHELOR OF SCIENCE in Information Systems Management UNIVERSITY OF MARYLAND UNIVERSITY COLLEGE 2014 Skills Mac (10+ years), Mac OS (10+ years), Small Business Server (2 years), technical support (10+ years), Windows Small Business Server 2003 (Less than 1 year) Certifications/Licenses ITIL v3 May 2015 to Present AXELOS Cert: GR75017853MR Additional Information MANAGEMENT  • Oversight of day to day operations for technical staff and projects in 4 separate areas of responsibility on a government contract ( IT Project Manager, Service Manager, End User Computing and Mobility Lead)    TECHNICAL  • Worked as an information technology specialist for 12 consecutive years supporting Apple technology integration in Active Directory environments. Consulted to small businesses on technology implementations using Windows and Apple systems, installed network cabling, Cisco switch, and Pfsense router.    COMMUNICATION  • Interacted regularly with organizational management as primary executive support for Apple technology. Interacted regularly with executives at all levels of organizations, from the Chairman, Commissioners and Senior Executive Staff in government, explaining all technical issues in non- technical language.    LEADERSHIP  • In the community, serve as the Chair of the Montgomery County Board of Social Services. In addition, serve as the Secretary of the Maryland Association of Social Services Board for the State of Maryland and Secretary of Wheaton Hills Civic Association. In these roles, I advocate for or against state legislation on behalf of Montgomery County DHHS regarding children, youth and family issues, county budget funding, environmental and traffic and safety issues. Regularly engaging with Montgomery County Councilmembers and Maryland Senate and State Delegates.    PREVIOUS EXPERTISE. .    SYSTEM ADMINISTRATOR/MINDSPRING (FORMERLY CNS), POOLESVILLE, MD JANUARY 2008 TO JANUARY 2009    • Consulted to small business on hardware and software purchases, coordinated with vendors on support.  • Setup Mac OS X computers and servers, in addition to Windows Small Business Server 2003 at client sites in DC and Baltimore.  • Monitored and maintained customer servers by setting up remote access server access.  • Provided monthly report on client server and systems health.  • Dedicated Apple Support for Treasury Department Graphics and Printing contract.  IT ANALYST GANNETT/USA TODAY, MCLEAN, VA JULY 2006 TO JANUARY 2008    • Served as primary Macintosh System Administrator for USA Weekend magazine and external news sites for the Gannett Company, while also providing VIP technical support to the Gannett Chairman and executive staff.