IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager Poquoson, VA A multidisciplinary senior IT professional with more than 16 years' experience successfully delivering a diverse portfolio of technology, telecom and operational projects on time and within budget. Dynamic leader adept with managing change and refocusing team objectives to ensure alinement with company priorities and initiatives. A comprehensive background in Business Analysis; Technical Writing; End User Support and Training; Vendor Management; Staff Management; User Acceptance Testing (UAT), and Internal Audit and Controls. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager US Auto Sales - Atlanta, GA 2017 to 2018 ·       Managed concurrent projects including the development of in-house software solutions and mobile payment applications.    ·       Developed a SharePoint site providing high-level dashboards, detailed task assignments, resource allocation, and centralized all documents.  ·       Ran status, training and stakeholder meetings, wrote all project documentation, process and procedure maps and end user guides. IT Business System/ Project Manager CAR Financial - Atlanta, GA 2006 to 2017 ·       Managed the IT team in the operations and support of onsite and remote staff with all network, hardware or software needs.   ·       Headed all IT projects from conception to completion including the network and telephony redesign of 18 branch locations across the US, Guam and Saipan.   ·       Introduced multiple new payment venues and designed a customer facing website and IVR reducing payment processing by 40%.    ·       Established internal controls and procedures mandated by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Ran monthly testing on control winning the Sox Excellence Award 9 years in a row.     ·       Developed and operated new technology to automate the secure file transfer of all system files becoming the SME on handling and storing customer data and the rules and regulations associated with reporting customer data to the major credit bureaus. Senior Project Manager Kaplan - Atlanta, GA 2004 to 2006 ·       Lead the adaption of ITIL framework within the IT department to improve the delivery of support and services. This included getting myself and the entire IT team trained and certified in ITIL V3. QA / Release Manager GE Energy Services - Atlanta, GA 2001 to 2004 ·       Reduced the application lifecycle from 60 to 15 days by mapping and re-defining processes, establishing Change Control Boards and managing multi-functional teams.  ·       Succeeded at migrating 90+ shared services applications from Jboss to Weblogic, reducing license cost by $1 million dollars.     Cut yearly licensing cost by $1.5 million dollars by replacing the Oblix tool with Security Access Management (SAM). I was directly in charge of: analyzing business requirements, creating project charters and plans, determining the necessary resources and cost, implementing training sessions and successfully acquiring all Toll Gate approvals for production release. Education Bachelor's in English Old Dominion University - Norfolk, VA Skills Technical Writing, Writing, Auditing (10+ years), Project Management (10+ years), Business Analysis (10+ years), Implementation (10+ years), Information Technology (10+ years), FTP (10+ years), Telecommunications (10+ years) Certifications/Licenses ITIL December 2006 to Present