Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager - Syneos Healthcare Work Experience Project Manager Syneos Healthcare - Somerset, NJ January 2019 to Present Performance Impact: Consultant in Acquisitions, Collaboration & Divestiture (ACD) group integrating Kinapse acquisition into Syneos. Lead integration of Service Desk; Office 365, Webex, HR, Finance and Salesforce from London UK to corporate data center in Raleigh, NC.  • Implement SAS grid consolidation project reducing license costs by $250K.  • Analyze & deliver TIBCO Spotfire re-architecture to scale from current 200 users to 5000 by end of 2020. Program Director RideWise Inc - Bridgewater, NJ April 2016 to December 2018 Performance Impact: Led non-profit program development and community outreach. Created 2017-19 operating budget, defined new agency mission & strategy, oversaw grant management process. Built strategic partnerships to increase the agency's reach within service area and implemented metrics to track project growth and success.  • Led education & advocacy programs: Worked with school districts, municipalities, local and state agencies to deliver bike and pedestrian infrastructure. Expanded schools-based education programs from 9% of the county's school districts in 2016 to 85% of districts in 2018. Project work recognized with 2019 Somerset County Planning Award and 2019 Excellence in Arts Award. Cisco Systems - Bridgewater, NJ February 2007 to April 2016 IT Program Manager, Collaboration Enabled Services Cisco Systems 2015 to 2016 Program Manager, IT Risk Management Cisco Systems 2013 to 2015 Project Manager, IT Service Management Performance Impact 2007 to 2013 Developed company's first-ever IT Global Data Center Resiliency Program protecting 60% of company's website-driven revenue. Delivered two data centers focusing on disaster recovery in an application-driven, cloud based environment. Validated business impact analyses and continuity plans for cross-functional IT teams.  • Transformed company strategy with data center move to RTP, NC. Reviewed every application, analyzed infrastructure and customer service impact, and scalable solutions to grow with business. Zero end-user downtime across voice, video, telepresence, and collaboration platforms.  • Led deployment and testing of global collaboration platforms. Managed updates to collaboration enabled services including Telepresence, DX-series platforms and Cisco Unified Communications Manager. Program manager for deployment across 80,000 global devices. Directed successful data center migration of US-based infrastructure at RTP, NC site.  • Increased IT resiliency performance 30% and availability metrics (2014). Developed application & service dependency maps using ITIL v3 framework, delivered and tested disaster recovery framework to maximize availability and reduce operating costs.  • Reduced telecom costs $2.5M. Oversaw global session initiation protocol (SIP) program converting inbound and outbound time-division multiplexing (TDM) trunks to SIP.  • Led team of 9 project managers delivering portfolio of 60+ IT infrastructure, endpoint and video projects. Project Manager, Global Business Continuity Program Management Office Avaya - Basking Ridge, NJ April 2004 to June 2006 Performance Impact: Implementation and testing of business continuity and disaster recovery program across the enterprise. Mandated all global suppliers develop single or multi-source business continuity plans for critical manufacturing components leading changes in purchasing policies and vendor requirements.  Reduced costs by $45K for global emergency notification system enabling company to contact thousands of employees within minutes. Led cross-functional team selecting vendor and implemented solution. IT Business Analyst The Hibbert Group - Trenton, NJ June 2003 to April 2004 Performance Impact: Project management and technical requirements definition for marketing services, literature fulfillment, and database management solutions. Partnered directly with clients, sales teams, and IT resources to ensure accurate business requirements and on-time solution delivery for global clients (i.e., Eli Lilly, Allergan, Genentech and GlaxoSmithKline). Project Director AT&T Broadband - Basking Ridge, NJ November 2000 to March 2002 Performance Impact: Established business plan, architecture, and deployment management methodology for company's venture into competitive telecom service in New York City via voice over IP (VoIP).  • Reduced expenses 85% for projects and associated equipment; lowered network costs 60%.  • Oversaw infrastructure deployment including proof of concept, testing, service level agreements, customer care, and repair and maintenance.    Early Career  Additional work experience as Vendor Performance Manager for AT&T. Reduced local access telecom costs from $1B to $88M over two years. IT Project Manager for SBC Communications. Managed data center builds and expansions at external client sites. Education Master of Science in Exercise Science & Human Performance Concordia University June 2020 Master of Arts in Organizational Leadership Concordia University 2010 Bachelor of Arts in English Seton Hall University 1993 Links http://linkedin.com/in/gerrymontague