IT Consultant <span class="hl">IT</span> Consultant Project Manager - EOS Technologies Tucson, AZ I am seeking a position as a Systems Manager / Systems Administrator where I can apply my extensive experience as a self-motivated professional with strong organizational, technical and interpersonal skills.  I am an accomplished network administrator and computer support professional skilled in all facets of desktop and network systems planning/design, installation, configuration, and maintenance. I am highly proficient in implementing network security protocols and evaluating/monitoring system and network performance.  I possess exceptional leadership, analytical, and communication capabilities. I have a proven ability to manage multiple priorities in fast-paced environments and provided project management, planning, and support for critical requirements including:  Network Administration Data and Network Security Computer Builds Software Loads Product Testing  End-User Support & Training Vendor Relations Bar Coding for Warehouse Inventory Telecommunications Work Experience IT Consultant SMRTECHPRO - Tucson, AZ February 2016 to Present I provide IT services to a handful of small businesses in the greater Tucson area. Enterprise Installation Engineer CGS - Edison, NJ December 2008 to June 2015 I was an enterprise installation engineer for CGS. I was trained and certified on the NICE enterprise products and provided installation services for large call centers and trading floors. I was promoted from the installation position to Enterprise Solutions Engineer. IT OPERATIONS MANAGER Canyon Ranch Resorts - Tucson, AZ March 2006 to December 2008 I was responsible for managing a team of five employees who cared for all of the IT needs of 1200 employees on a 44 acre campus. We aided in planning scheduling and implementing all upgrades, maintenance protocols, and provided daily helpdesk services. I was part of a management team that planned the budget requirements which I then presented to the budget committee for approval.    We made several impactful changes while I had the pleasure of serving at Canyon Ranch Resorts. We tested network modifications that when implemented improved access to the main property management system. We improved initial access and reduced query time from twenty minutes to less then sixty seconds. The cumulative cost savings due to employee idle time was never calculated. Project Manager EOS Technologies - Tucson, AZ February 2005 to February 2006 I provide management oversight as well as technical support for the PCA and Loom outsourcing project on a currently a seventy million dollar United States Army contract for the C.R.O.W.S. system. I deal directly with the vendors on all quality and performance related issues. I have aided in setting a standard for the quality of the material that EOS Technologies receives from U.S. vendors for electronic assemblies. I have implemented several quality procedures/practices for the purpose of maintaining an IPC class III military product. I am responsible for reporting project performance and progress to tier one management.  Demand Flow Technology: I have built and maintain a bar code KanBan system to ensure accurate material tractability. I have defined a process for receiving material that will lower human error and increase productivity as well as provide a mechanism by which quality metrics may be reported for maintaining a high degree of vendor performance.  Liaison: I define DoD data and report criteria to assist programmers with the creation of a failure tracking system and I facilitate and support the relationship between internal software and database programmers.  Vendor Relations: I am responsible for the research of and selection of vendors to outsource electronic parts production. Manufacturing Engineer EOS Technologies - Tucson, AZ February 2005 to February 2006 I provide engineering and production material flow support for high volume manufacturing lines. I am charged with developing production material flow solutions for the efficient movement of raw materials through production and am responsible for supporting the production schedule and achieving high inventory accuracy. I am responsible for the design and creation of automated electronic test fixture as part to the manufacturing automation project. This factory automation reduces human error and increases reliability in the product as well as minimizing test time and increasing human resource efficiency.  Demand Flow Technology: I am responsible for maintaining two of the product modules work cells in a cellular demand flow factory.  Liaison: I define DoD data and report criteria to assist programmers with the creation of a failure tracking system and I facilitate and support the relationship between internal software and database programmers.  Vendor Relations: I am responsible for the research of and selection of vendors to outsource electronic parts production. Systems Administrator / Security Administrator Roper Scientific - Tucson, AZ June 1999 to February 2005 I was fully accountable for hardware, software, and network support for a manufacturing plant with 300 end users. I was responsible for Windows 2000 and Exchange servers, WAN and LAN administration, firewall and backup server management, telephone system administration, local and remote user support, asset management (software licensing and hardware), and documenting IT procedures.  Networking: I managed installation and upgrade project schedules include installing and upgrading new servers, PCs, and associated software. I designed and oversaw network infrastructure upgrades including scheduling contractors and ordering necessary equipment for IT projects.  Computer Network Security: I conducted systems analysis on the networks, servers, and workstations. As lead administrator of critical integration team, I implemented site security upgrades for all facilities. I also conducted a full range of testing and analysis of the compatibility of new and old components, configurations, functionality, and expandability and created and implemented data protection policies.  Telephony Administration: I implemented telecommunication upgrades required by large business expansion and managed PBX Digital Phone System.  Vendor Relations: I maintained communication with vendors and suppliers to purchase parts and coordinate warranty service. Education B.S. in Information Technology University of Phoenix 2006 A.A.S. in Electronics Engineering Technology ITT Technical Institute - Tucson, AZ December 2005 Skills cellular (10+ years), database (10+ years), Engineer (10+ years), solutions (10+ years), technical support (10+ years), HTML, Active Directory, access, Cisco, testing, SQL, Microsoft Office Certifications/Licenses Valid Drivers License