IT Manager, Service Desk CNX <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>, Service Desk CNX IT Manager, Service Desk CNX - Southpointe PA Pittsburgh, PA "Along with Dr. Michael J. Becich we created nationally recognized IT organizations in Pathology and Laboratory Informatics, first at Washington University Medical Center, then at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center. The organization at UPMC included both Oncology and Pathology Informatics platforms along with Information Technology development in the areas of Laboratory Information systems, Pathology imaging, software application development, Web services, and Oncology clinical trials software, as well as creating support systems for those projects. The support systems included a Help/Support/service Desk that provided support for hardware, systems and multiple software applications. I was responsible for the overall day-to-day oversight and management of multiple Healthcare Information technology teams and systems in both the Oncology and Pathology Informatics organizations. I have designed and managed multiple projects to create, implement, sustain and support these tools along with overseeing the development of an in-house Clinical Trials Management Application. Performed training and CRM for end-users and project team members, which included Physicians, medical professionals, administrators and IT personnel. Provided enhancements and improvements of both automated and manual solutions to enhance Pathology systems functionality throughout multiple hospitals and laboratory organizations. These included: feasibility studies, cost estimations, planning, design and development, prototyping, implementation, evaluation, quality assurance studies and subsequent modifications of Pathology and Oncology systems, and in-house developed applications for Pathology, laboratories, specialty labs and oncology clinical trials. I have a proven track record of improving organizations IT services and support along with Team building and mentoring. Work Experience IT Manager, Service Desk CNX Southpointe PA June 2019 to Present • Manages the overall Service Desk performance for CNX IT Service as well as the development of the service team members.  • Provide weekly, monthly reports on tickets, service request and KPI for service desk.  • Work closely with Team members to develop IDP and performance improvement.  • Work with all levels of CNX operations and IST staff to ensure Service Desk is performing to meet SLA's and expectations  • Create, develop and maintain Service Desk procedures and process.  • Manage all IT tickets for closure, follow up and escalation. Manager, Clinical Systems Highmark Health Systems - Pittsburgh, PA May 2018 to November 2018 • Perform management responsibilities including, but not limited to: involved in hiring and termination decisions, coaching and development, rewards and recognition, performance management and staff productivity. Plan, organize, staff, direct and control the day-to-day operations of the department; develop and implement policies and programs as necessary; may have budgetary responsibility and authority.  • Interact with business subject matter experts and technical experts to ensure system(s) in scope are fully-functioning and performing to the business requirements defined. This includes holding our system owners accountable for delivering technical solutions in a reasonable timeframe and ensuring that the business is clearly defining requirements. Accountable for ensuring that HMHS and other vendor requests from all operational areas are handled timely and correctly - serves as escalation path.  • Ensure process flows are clearly defined, documented, and optimized for each line of business. Implement new and revised SOPs using proper change management techniques in partnership with the business owners. Oversee Development and implementation of organizational readiness plans for major releases. Partner with colleagues to ensure operational readiness and training needs are met before deployment. Develop and maintain governance of business process documentation and ownership.  • Other duties as assigned. IT Manager Allegheny County DHS Service Desk - Pittsburgh, PA January 2017 to June 2018 • Assures that users are provided efficient and timely 1st, 2nd and in some cases 3rd level support.  • Performs staff scheduling to ensure coverage during normal business hours and on-call support. Including rotations, PTO, off hours support and holiday coverage  • Manage Service Desk Analyst staff including performance evaluations, promotions, hiring and disciplinary responsibilities along with Individual development for all analyst.  • Monitors CRM Service Desk database and follows up with assigned personnel.  • Invokes problem escalation procedures to coordinate recovery. Utilizes ITSM and ITIL procedures and process to ensure problems are properly handled and resolved.  • Isolates problem trends and ensures that troubleshooting efforts are completed for recurring problems. Educates Analyst on problem resolution  • Ensures daily, weekly and monthly statistics, status reports and graphical reporting aids are complete and modified. Provided to DHS management.  • Ensures that decisions made to improve the overall customer service quality and support is continually carried through. Implementation of CQI for all service desk functions.  • Coordinates training and education requirements for DHS Service desk analyst for Salesforce and Easy Vista  • Oversaw the Service Desk team transition from Remedy force to Easy vista as our primary Service desk tool for tracking and maintaining Incidents and requests.  • Development and implementation of quality improvement programs, including IDP, personal assessments and ongoing development of team members. Field Support Representative Ricoh America Pittsburgh PA - Pittsburgh, PA September 2016 to February 2017 • Assists new MS site implementation  • Assists Site Manager or Supervisor in offering suggestions for improvement. May include new suggestions or suggestions to existing processes or procedures  • Daily interaction with users in all areas of support  • Maintains accurate, complete, and up to date Site Procedure Guides, Forms and Logs, and another Site Branding as directed by Site Manager or Supervisor  • Collects data for the completion of the Monthly Management Report as directed by the Site Manager or Site Supervisor  • In the absence of onsite personnel, may perform any of number of duties provided by onsite personnel.  • Electronic Filing and labeling of documents and other materials for storage and retrieval  • Assists customers and users in the Ricoh Copy Center. Performs all functions required for the delivery and completion of all copy requests. May include the usage of binding, folders, laminators, etc. Use of CRM software Salesforce  • Performs basic troubleshooting on all equipment and software used within the Ricoh Americas Center for copy and mail. Project Manager WCG Consulting LLP - Pittsburgh, PA September 2013 to 2016 15210  • Provide project management and planning for various clients throughout Western Pa and Eastern Ohio.  • consulted at approximately 4 locations which were private clients of WCG Consulting. Consisted of IT projects and departmental implementations.  • Utilized ITSM and best practices at all sites for Departmental implementations.  • Managed and coordinated with all stakeholders from CIO, physicians and IT Personnel.  • Provided documentation and project management tools for clients.  • Provide ITSM/ITIL analysis on a project IT Manager University of Pittsburgh April 2009 to August 2013 Department of Biomedical Informatics; University of Pittsburgh.    • Organized and established the first IT services for the new DBMI Informatics department  • Reconfigured LAN, computer facilities and IT system support model for DBMI  • Analysis of DBMI IT business practices and their emerging needs to support the department. Utilize ITIL and ITSM for process management and improvement.  • Worked closely as a liaison with University of Pittsburgh IT personnel to provide integrated security and IT support for the department  • Established IT Help desk, ticket tracking and inventory system for internal departmental use. Provided analysis and design of an internal purchasing system that was integrated into Help Desk software  • Co-developed My-DBMI, an online tool for internal department use that provides IT ticketing, purchasing, file storage and management.  • Provided IT support, IT information, and IT analysis for researchers submitting grants and contracts.  • Organized and established IT services, support and on-site computer facility for GYN Center of Excellence project at INOVA Hospital in Fairfax Virginia (under DBMI contract through NIH). Client Services Manager Information Systems Division (ISD) UPMC, University of Pittsburgh Medical Center - Pittsburgh, PA April 1993 to October 2008 • Responsible for daily operations of the Department of Oncology/Pathology Informatics (OIS and LIS) with a staff of 75 IT technical and administrative personnel, consisting of systems analysts, software design programmers, web team, Help Desk, and service line managers.  • Managed Day-to-Day operations for all IT areas (LAN Support, PC support systems integration, systems acquisition, LIS, LIMS and systems development) within Pathology Laboratories and Oncology informatics at UPMC. Followed ITIL and ITSM for support and creation of these services  • Managed Day-to-Day fiscal oversight of Pathology Oncology Informatics department  • Oversaw the implementation of in-house designed Clinical Trials software management tool for 12 UPMC/Cancer Center and University of Pittsburgh laboratories, departments and fiscal areas (EPIC, Peoplesoft)  • Managed the implementation of 4 Vendor applications to 26 hospital Pathology Laboratory departments (APLIS- Co-Path/Cerner LAB/Aperio Imaging system, UPMC Telepathology)  • Designed and managed the conversion of Vendor software in the department of Pathology at all UPMC Hospitals. Conversion of more than 10 million Pathology reports into EMR.  • Established IT Help Desk that provided 24/7 services for software applications and hardware/software systems, along with real-time monitoring for all UPMC Pathology Laboratories, LIS, and specialty lab applications (Laboratory Information Systems and Oncology applications.)  • Designed and implemented vendor and in-house User applications for management of laboratory, clinical, and research groups in the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine, the University of Pittsburgh Cancer Institute and UPMC Health Systems  • Defined and managed yearly capital budget (averaging 1 million dollars) and yearly operating budget of 900,000 to 1.5 million. Pathology IT Manager Department of Pathology, Washington University School of Medicine - St. Louis, MO May 1988 to March 1993 Established and Managed Anatomic Pathology Laboratory IT services (LIS Co-Path)  at Washington University/Barnes hospital in St. Louis MO  • Established an AP-LIS support/Help Desk that provided 24/6 services for LIS Application support throughout Anatomic Pathology.  • Designed and implemented along with CERNER, Co-Path User applications for management of Anatomic Pathology and specialized clinical labs in Pathology Department at WUMC and Barnes Hospital  • Defined and managed multi-million-dollar capital budget and an approximately 1 million annual operating budgets.  • Established a new facility for LIS, Pathology and Laboratory department.  • Day to day management of WUMC LIS department. Education General Degree Du Quoin High School - Du Quoin, IL June 1980 General Studies John Logan College - Carterville, IL 1980 Skills Itil, Crm, Application analysis, Cerner, Lims, Emr, Large-scale, Data integration, Business process management, Operations, Customer service, Service desk, It support, Ap, Coaching, Mentoring, Process management, Oncology, Business development, Budget, Desktop Support, Help Desk, Active Directory, MAC, Tech Support Certifications/Licenses Driver's License Additional Information Technical Skills:    • Developed and implemented multiple (more than 75) AP-LIS, CP-LIS, LIMS and specialty lab applications for laboratories in multiple hospital settings.  • Proven track record in IT team building, Service Desk, IT leadership, IT organizational management and development of those teams within an organization.  • Manage Project requirements to ensure projects are completed on time, in scope, within budget, and with minimal defects. Includes Project scoping, planning, execution, application analysis and tracking  • Application/Software Project Management and Development utilizing both waterfall and agile methods for the CTMSA oncology trials tool utilized at the UPCI Cancer clinics.  • Fiscal and Budgetary oversight, creation and management of budgets for IT departments and projects.  • Employee hiring and supervision, following human resource guidelines and management of those employees. Including technical staff, residents, interns and fellows. Mentoring, coaching and education of my teams. Utilize IDP's to develop staff and improve their skills.  • Business Process Management Solutions, utilizing ITSM, ITIL and Agile project management. Perform clinical application analysis within these frameworks.  • Education of clinical/non-clinical users on features, operations and usage of IT systems.  • CRM - Customer Relationship Manager, Business Development Skills. Extensive customer service experience in all levels of IT support and development  • Development, Integration and implementation of Healthcare IT support systems LIS, LIMS and IT teams, including Service/Support/Help desks.  • Multiple project management of large-scale data integration with Hospital EMR (MARS and Cerner Power Chart)