Director IT/Enterprise Services Program Manager Director <span class="hl">IT</span>/Enterprise Services Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> Experienced IT Leader Phoenix, AZ I have deep knowledge and experience in IT services across a variety of businesses. My responsibilities have included strategy development, security/policy compliance, and service delivery against a well-defined scorecard. My recent focus has been on post-acquisition integration, project portfolio management, and operations of critical business systems. My strengths are strategic agility, decision quality, learning on the fly, planning, managing and measuring work, and building effective teams.    Expertise  • Strategic Planning – Developing affordable and actionable strategies to achieve key business objectives. Alignment of strategies to ensure needs met across all business units and geographies. Ensuring that strategies are translated to meaningful and measurable objectives at all levels of the organization.  • Lean Operations – Leveraging Six Sigma/Lean process management techniques to eliminate waste. Involves defining processes, interrelationships, KPI’s, and continuous monitoring and improvement.  • Project Management – MBA with a concentration in Project Management along with 25+ years of project management, portfolio management, and PMO experience.  • Standardization – Expert at leading enterprise-wide efforts to standardize hardware, software, operating systems, configurations, and the related operational processes to sustain the results.  • Technology Development – Extensive experience throughout the life cycle including developing business/cost justifications, negotiating requirements, gap analyses, planning, implementing, testing and supporting all development and data analytics activities.  • Staff Management – Management experience includes team development, succession planning, staff right-sizing, and merger transitions. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Director IT/Enterprise Services Program Manager Northrop Grumman - Mesa, AZ January 2009 to Present • IT service delivery, portfolio/ project management, and security compliance for multiple business units and sectors  • 8-12 sites with 3000-5000 end-points  • Geographically dispersed staff of 15-60 and multiple in-sourced service providers  • Strategic planning with 5-year budget forecasting, technology life-cycle/roadmap planning, and scaling for growth  • Expense budget management (> $12M). IT Capital Project management ($250K to $1.5M)  • Security compliance with NIST SP 800-171 for government contractors with controlled unclassified data  • Manage a steering council for IT governance and project portfolio management     Jun 2018 – Present          Mesa, AZ            Director IT/Enterprise Services  • Led business unit IT integration after acquisition of Orbital ATK by Northrop Grumman  • Replaced older technology for project/product version control with new solution based on Jira/Git  • Implemented an electronic shopfloor instruction system integrated with ERP to improve speed and quality  • Developed/implemented of a simplified, barcode-enabled mobile device interface to ERP system to speed up inventory transactions to support production volume increases    Feb 2014 – Jun 2018        Chandler, AZ     Director Information Technology  • Expanded role to include leading IT services for two additional AZ locations after merger of Orbital Sciences and ATK  • Led business unit IT integration with merger of Orbital Sciences and Alliant TechSystems (ATK).  • Implemented a steering council for IT governance at new locations  • Developed team’s Linux support and Project Management capabilities to meet service objectives  • Implemented a web-based portal to improve aftermarket sales and support transactions with existing customers   • Reduced printing costs by 35% by implementing a managed print services solution with enhanced security     Mar 2012 – Feb 2014     Plymouth, MN  Director Information Technology  • Led convergence of IT services, systems, and staff for internal merger of 2 business units  • Migrated to a single ERP system, which included data migration and multiple interface updates  •  Reduced division IT staff by 25% with standardization and in-sourcing of commodity infrastructure services  • Reduced printing costs by 30% by implementing a managed print services solution with enhanced security    Jan 2009 – Feb 2012        Mesa, AZ            Senior Manager Information Technology  • Created IT department for business unit from a collection of technical resources previously reporting to Finance  • Grew and developed IT staff from 5 to 10 resources as chain gun and medium caliber ammunition business grew  • Took over project management and re-baselined a struggling ERP conversion to finish on-time to new schedule  • Implemented an automated pricing tool for proposal quotes, reducing an 8-hour process to a few minutes Manager IT Project Services & Enterprise Applications Casino Arizona - Scottsdale, AZ June 2006 to January 2009 • Life-cycle management of enterprise systems running 24/7 for continuous operations across 2 casino locations  • Managed systems that supported point-of-sale, labor management, facilities management, and industry-specific solutions for player tracking, bill counting, electronic raffles, and slot machine accounting  • PMO and Portfolio Management  • Policy/procedure compliance with local and state gaming agencies, using COBIT to assess/resolve weaknesses Education MBA in Project Management Keller Graduate School of Management BS in Computer Information Systems University of Dayton Skills Portfolio management, Strategic planning, Life cycle, Six sigma, Data analytics, PMO, Process management, Succession planning, Operations, Translated, Itil, Customer Service, IT Management, Vendor Management Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/klinedana Certifications/Licenses CISSP Scrum Master ITIL Secret Security Clearance Additional Information Expertise  • Strategic Planning - Developing affordable and actionable strategies to achieve key business objectives. Alignment of strategies to ensure needs met across all business units and geographies. Ensuring that strategies are translated to meaningful and measurable objectives at all levels of the organization.  • Lean Operations - Leveraging Six Sigma/Lean process management techniques to eliminate waste. Involves defining processes, interrelationships, KPI's, and continuous monitoring and improvement.  • Project Management - MBA with a concentration in Project Management along with 25+ years of project management, portfolio management, and PMO experience.  • Standardization - Expert at leading enterprise-wide efforts to standardize hardware, software, operating systems, configurations, and the related operational processes to sustain the results.  • Technology Development - Extensive experience throughout the life cycle including developing business/cost justifications, negotiating requirements, gap analyses, planning, implementing, testing and supporting all development and data analytics activities.  • Staff Management - Management experience includes team development, succession planning, staff right-sizing, and merger transitions.