Senior IT Project Manager Senior <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager Plymouth, MN • Over 30 years of progressive leadership and management experience involving all aspects of technology SDLC, strategy/planning and IT program/ project Management.  • Demonstrated track record of leading teams in n-tier system design, delivery and implementation.  • Proven expertise in driving efficiency and productivity through evaluation and implementation of process improvements.  • Extensive qualifications in all facets of project life cycle development, from initial feasibility analysis and conceptual design through requirements, testing, and implementation.  • Certified Scrum Master well versed in both Agile and Waterfall methodologies using Rally and JIRA. Work Experience Senior IT Project Manager Wells Fargo Wholesale, Capital Markets August 2017 to August 2019 • Managed eight technology teams for largest Wells Fargo enterprise project for BREXIT consisting of 140+ team members and budget >$20m.  • Project succeeded in standing up a new Wells Fargo entity (Wells Fargo Securities Europe) to support the new European Union, implementing a new trade processing system, a new books and records system and updating all (100+) impacted applications.  • Successfully implemented system changes and reporting to comply with new Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) 4210 regulatory margin requirements. Program Manager Optum Technology 2016 to 2016 Contract position  • Managed OptumRx portal and mobile programs focused on large acquisition technology consolidation.  • Leveraged Rally, ADR and MS Project for program status reporting and sprint tracking.  • Managed daily scrum sessions and twice weekly user story grooming sessions to keep Rally updated 2 sprints forward. Managed issue escalation and weekly reporting to senior leadership.  • Managed budgets and forecasts for $10M+ portfolio.  • Responsible for monthly dimensioning in PPM Optics, variance reporting and Change management / financial adjustments. IT Director/ Manager United Healthcare Group 2011 to October 2015 • Responsible for managing 3 separate technology teams in program analysis, budget, resource management and analytics for large java-based consumer websites including: www.uhcmedicaresolutions.com, www.AARPmedicareplans.com, www.uhcretiree.com, www.myuhc.com, https://www.uhcmilitarywest.com/  • Managed SAFe trains to successfully implement several UHC mobile applications including:  • Health4me - mobile equivalent to www.myuhc.com web site.  • DocGPS - enables users to locate nearest in-network doctor and is available to all military and civilian beneficiaries.  • Led large, complex CMS conversion for both commercial and consumer websites. Managed vendor selection RFP for new content management system to be used as the standard across all of United HealthCare.  • Established subsequent work plans for project managers, BSA managers, development managers and QA managers.  • Directly accountable for managing schedules, budgets and resource allocations (both on and offshore).  • Successfully delivered the CMS conversion for all five product websites over 4 consecutive production releases on time and on budget; incorporating the efforts of over 100 individual contributors within business and technology teams.  • Program achieved on-time delivery of HIPAA, NIST and 501compliance for all five product sites.  • Responsible for program communications and presentations to C-level executives for all large consumer web site programs. IT Manager Wells Fargo, Wealth Management Group 2000 to 2006 • Managed a team of web developers (Java), project managers and business analysts responsible for all software development projects relating to Wealth Management Group's intranet portal.  • Responsible for the conversion of Wealth Management Group intranet website to new content management system. Managed the conversion to Fatwire and then to Stellent content management systems.  • Managed all web development programs for enterprise systems including HR, finance, marketing, and commissions & reporting for Wealth Management.  • Responsible for Vendor Management for Wells Fargo, Wealth Management Group Intranet.  • My team was the first to complete an Agile methodology web project in Wealth Management. Senior IT Project Manager - Brokerage American Express Financial Services 1986 to 2000 • Part of the disaster recovery team for American Express International, London office during 1993 IRA bombing. I received an award for my efforts.  • Senior IT Project Manager for the implementation of a new trade desk technology for American Express Brokerage.  • Responsible for vendor management for equity and fixed income trade desks.  • Responsible for establishing a centralized Project Management Office.  • Business Systems Analyst - Brokerage  • Systems Engineer - Brokerage  • Network Engineer - Brokerage Education Certified Scrum Master, PMP certification University of South Dakota 1982 to 1986 Skills PMI (10+ years), CMS, MS PROJECT (10+ years), DISASTER RECOVERY, NIST (4 years), SOX, OPTICS, RALLY, HIPPA (4 years), SECURITY, RSA, SDLC (10+ years), PROGRAM MANAGEMENT, DOD (1 year), CONTRACTS (3 years), RELATIONSHIP MANAGEMENT, JIRa (10+ years) Certifications/Licenses Certified ScrumMaster (CSM) Present