IT Business Analyst / IT Technical and Project Lead <span class="hl">IT</span> Business Analyst / <span class="hl">IT</span> Technical and <span class="hl">Project</span> Lead IT Manager / Project Manager / Migration Specialist / Mobility Manager Mesa, AZ Information Technology Professional with several years of technical experience in fast paced IT organizations. A stellar I.T. career engulfed with "Mergers and Acquisitions" resulting in layoffs. A true leader, respected hands on people manager with proven success in collaborative and complex business environments with a demonstrated ability motivate and mentor successful teams. A unique passion for Customer Service with continuing improvement of Customer Enterprise Relations and Information Technology Support. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Business Analyst / IT Technical and Project Lead InsightGlobal - Scottsdale, AZ September 2018 to Present Scottsdale, AZ and Dublin, CA - September 2018 to Present  InsightGlobal is an Information Technology Service Management company providing premier staffing.  Title: IT Business Analyst / IT Technical and Project Lead  Under the direction of the IT Manager, responsible for the migration of 3500+ users at Ross Stores Inc and 1500 users at CVS Health from Win7/Office 13 to a Win10/O365 environment. Used USMT for the data backup and restore, SCCM for software deployment and SharePoint for tracking and reporting business activities. Via SNOW (Service Now) responded to and provided post migration support on a range of issues and technologies. Documented and organized current business processes, worked with Desktop Engineering Team to gather, analyze and compile business process needs relevant to the migration. Assisted and conducted user acceptance testing (hardware and software). Aided in testing and deploying software packages while keeping in constant communication with stakeholders and upper management. Provided white glove service for identified VIP's. This is a 24/7 support environment. IT Enterprise Mobility Project Manager September 2018 to January 2019 Under the direction of the Enterprise Mobility Manager and the Director of IT, responsible for the planning and implementation for migrating 250+ users at 12 locations across the US from BlackBerry devices to Apple iPhones on iOS 12.1.2. Technical Writing included creating detailed instructions for field users for "hands-off" support. Daily documentation updates and weekly reports to upper management. Other duties included Mobile Device Management using BlackBerry UEM and MobileIron 9.7, Project Management and scheduling of the users to be migrated, vendor management with AT&T Premier, Verizon Enterprise Center and Apple Support. BlackBerry Migration Project completed January 2019.    Professional Experience: (Continued) Field Support Engineer / Systems Administrator Single Point of Contact - Palo Alto, CA February 2016 to September 2018 Palo Alto, CA - February 2016 to September 2018  Single Point of Contact offers a variety of IT services including 24/7 support, cloud management and IT security  Title: Field Support Engineer / Systems Administrator (Part Time Consultant)  Providing internal onsite IT support for Kagome USA located in Central California on a broad range of initiatives, projects and programs including the installation and support of Macola ERP, Crystal Reports, WiSys, Product Vision, AD (for three locations), Office 365, Salesforce for Outlook and BarTender. Key provider for the day-to-day desktop operations, network and project management (Win10, O365 rollout) using the Autotask ticketing system. VoIP phone support, vendor management and new hire onboarding procedures. Worked with all levels of management from Executives to computer end-users to diagnose and resolve complex issues. Created weekly documentation and self-help sheets for end-user knowledge base. IT Manager Lusamerica Fish (Foods) - Morgan Hill, CA October 2016 to May 2017 Morgan Hill, CA - October 2016 to May 2017 (Full Time)  Lusamerica Fish offers the food service industry a reliable source of domestic and imported exotic seafood.  Title: IT Manager  Working under the direction of the owner, responsible for managing the entire IT infrastructure including the Desktop Support Group and Helpdesk at all three locations. Was a key member of the ERP SAP Business One migration from IMS. Managed and supported VoIP Avaya phone system, oversaw a team of two and responded to the day-to-day requests of the user community. Managed and supported all mobile devices, remote support for locations in Washington and Los Angeles. Monitored all network and server activities using Solarwinds. Aside from the SAP roll out, projects included deploying new desktops and laptops for end users, installing wireless network for remote site in Washington state, rolling out Windows 10 w/Office 360, securing backup ISPs for other sites, server room/IDF rebuild and total revisions of IT policies and procedures including Active Directory restructure. IT Manager / Project Manager BlueStar Refreshment Services - Fremont, CA September 2015 to January 2016 Fremont, CA - September 2015 to January 2016 (Full Time)  BlueStar Refreshment Services is a full line office refreshment service provider located in the heart of Silicon Valley.  Title: IT Manager / Project Manager  Responsible for the entire IT infrastructure using G Suite (previously Google Apps) for Business, the Desktop Support/Helpdesk teams and their day-to-day duties, vendor relations along with management of the IT budget. Designed and implemented short term plans for previous office facility in San Jose, California and long term plans to move to a new facility in Fremont from and IT perspective. Developed, implemented and maintained technology strategies, policies and procedures. Negotiated contract with technology providers such as CDW, Tekify, TelePacific, Verizon and Microsoft. Strong interpersonal skills, written and verbal communication and facilitation skills. Managed the Key Card Entry System using Win-Pak XE including the building alarm system and the upcoming 64 node security camera system.  Projects included:  • Server room build and migration from one facility to another  ? New DC, File Servers, QuickBooks and SQL database  ? Active Directory deployment  • Researching, designing, implementing and managing MiTel VoIP phone system  • Planning, installing and managing Aruba wireless network in 25k square foot facility  • Full company wide migration to Windows 10 ENT and Office 365 from G Suite    Professional Experience: (Continued)    BlueStar Refreshment Services  • Designed, implemented and managed full server backup plan using Acronis  • Implemented new onboarding and termination process working directly with Human Resources  • Created and managed a computer imaging process    Also included were hands-on duties which were the management of Google Apps/Active Directory / Office 365 user accounts, troubleshooting and providing technical support to the end-user community, provisioning new equipment to employees, maintaining desktop/server updates, managing mobile devices via Verizon My Business Accounts and the ordering of all IT related equipment. IT Manager Salud Para La Gente "Health for the People" - Watsonville, CA January 2013 to August 2014 Watsonville, CA - January, 2013 to August, 2014  Salud Para La Gente (SPLG) is a non-profit medical organization with a network of family community health clinics.  Title: IT Manager  Under the direction of the CIO, was responsible managing five IT personnel for the organizations twenty-three  local sites and IT infrastructure from the first and second level Support Group to Network Operations. Provided technical and managerial leadership in establishing goals and priorities to the IT staff. Managed and supported the VoIP ShorTel phone system, Mobile Telecom and Electronic Health Records (EHR - Intergy Vitera). Developed and maintained IT policies and procedures to insure SLA's were met, GPO Management and administration, managed IT infrastructure inventory and procurement and ensured compliance with all certificates and licenses. Managed several projects including Meaningful Use regulations and compliance, company-wide Win7 roll-out. IT Systems Manager / Desktop Support Manager Hewlett Packard/3PAR - Fremont, CA March 2010 to August 2012 Fremont, CA - March 2010 to August 2012  3PAR was the leader in enterprise cloud/virtualized storage industry. 3PAR was acquired by Hewlett Packard in 2010.  Title: IT Systems Manager / Desktop Support Manager  3PAR - Managed and was hands-on to a team of 17 Helpdesk/ Desktop Support Engineers, two System Administrators (one in the UK and India) and oversaw the entire support group. Envisioned, designed, implemented and managed outsourced first level support group while managing day-to-day IT Desktop operations to ensure SLA compliance. Was the direct point of contact for CEO and E-Staff (Executive Staff) as needed for IT related issues. Had full authority over Mobile Telecom Group and kept excellent vendor relations. Was very hands-on and was able to "jump in the mix" to resolve various Desktop issues along with the team. Also supported our Mac OS community in our Marketing department including iPhones and iPads.    Hewlett Packard (Acquisition) - Was an extended member of the MADO team (Mergers, Acquisitions, Divestitures and Outsourcing) for the HP acquisition. Was a key member in the merger or two solid IT departments including the roll-out of over 700 user computers and peripherals including OS migrations. Helped to create and manage new HP image and documentation library for new policies and procedures which included HP's "Self Service" policy using ticketing system HPSM (Hewlett Packard Service Manager).    Professional Experience: (Continued) IT Desktop Supervisor / Mobile Device Administrator Abbott Laboratories - Santa Ana, CA June 2006 to December 2009 Santa Ana, CA - June 2006 to December, 2009  Abbott Laboratories is a global medical device leader focused on the discovery and delivery of innovative vision technologies that optimize the quality of life for people of all ages. AMO was acquired by Abbott in 2009  Title: IT Desktop Supervisor / Mobile Device Administrator  Supervised a team of 3 desktop technicians and oversaw the day-to-day activities and scheduling of the desktop group in regards to supporting over 400 in house users and 150 field users in a tier two/three environment. Outsourced tier one support with IBM Global Services and manage the helpdesk tier one documentation for training and support. Attended weekly meetings with the Helpdesk Agents and the Helpdesk Manager to ensure SLA's were met. Worked closely with the Infrastructure team on application support and/or changes in the environment, provided weekly status reports on projects and/or escalated issue and served as SPOC (Single Point of Contact) for escalated issues and Executive Support. Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Technology in Computer Science and Technology Purdue University Global September 1995 Skills Deployment, Helpdesk, Client support, Procurement, Vendor management, Logistics, Process development Additional Information Specialties:  Client Support Services /Service Delivery Management / Project Management / Business Analyst / Vendor Management / Process Development / Technical Writing / Global Logistics / Process Compliance / Deployment Procedures / Helpdesk Management / Hardware Procurement / SOP's and SLA's