Sr. IT Project Manager Sr. <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Sr. IT Project Manager - Software, Guidance, & Associates Work Experience Sr. IT Project Manager Software, Guidance, & Associates January 2019 to Present Senior IT Project Manager responsible for the overall direction, management, communication, coordination of status reports, and accountability of project-oriented work efforts. Focus on technical projects related to the design, development, execution, or implementation of systems and software.  • Managed $1.1M project to implement the enrollment and billing activities for a new open access HMO for Small and Mid-Group (1-499) members in nine strategic counties. Created and maintained the project plan and schedule. Communicated schedule and project status information in weekly meeting. Identified risks and issues affecting scope, budget, schedule; assessed impacts and determined best mitigation approach in alignment with PMO standards. Managed budget and resource assignment. Provided updates both vertically and horizontally throughout different company areas. Coordinated efforts to ensure IT systems met the Business needs. Followed SDLC guidelines in compliance with internal controls. Created and communicated changes to the plan, schedule and budget. Project Manager Jacobs Engineering Group - Eglin AFB, FL September 2017 to January 2019 Project manager responsible for a special access program (SAP) in support of the US Air Force. Oversaw hardware and software integration efforts utilizing various teams (remote and local). Coordinated activities with government civilians, military, and contractors. Managed stakeholder expectations, communications, requirements, schedules, etc.  • Led $1.5M+ DoD mandated compliance project to migrate any PC/laptop with network access to Windows 10. Identified correct resources to resolve issues and develop mitigation technique to reduce schedule and budget impacts. Managed horizontal and vertical stakeholders. Ensured alignment and led weekly meetings to communicate status and identify any potential risks. Resolved procurement issue; coordinated asset transfers between organizations. Annotated and used lessons learned to assist other units comply with mandate by deadline.  • Concurrently worked up to 8 small and medium sized Software integration projects. Helped develop and communicate scope statements to manage key stakeholder expectations. Worked with IT Managers and Information Assurance to develop project plan template to standardize the process and reduce the probability of missed security compliance tasks. Communicated project status and prioritized work during weekly meetings with unit leadership. TEKsystems Contractor CSRA - Pensacola, FL October 2016 to September 2017 Network Engineer  Managed the installation, configuration, and maintenance of a mixed Cisco and Juniper network environment.  • Initiated and led project to recuperate and dispose $1.2M+ antiquated equipment. Defined high-level scope, developed schedule, managed resources and executed identified tasks. Reported status to stakeholders. Collected lessons learned and closed project. United States Air Force January 2004 to December 2016 Project Manager United States Air Force - San Antonio, TX January 2016 to October 2016 Provided IT Project Management in support of the PMO responsible for the NSA's networks and data centers.  • Oversaw multimillion dollar data center network program. Developed project priority system to coincide w/ strategic mission  • Planned and coordinated activities for 20 overlapping projects, ranging from $25k to $5M in value, meeting objectives, timelines, and budget constraints. Provided status reports to stakeholders according to stakeholder and communications management plans.  • Used Lean Six Sigma methodology to improve user VoIP request process to reduce customer wait time and eliminate non-value-added steps. Led process improvement team to gather statistics and develop quicker process to reduce implementation time from 3 to 1 month.  • Change Control Board member; ensured all proposed changes were in line with agency and security standards. Enterprise Data Center Network Supervisor United States Air Force - San Antonio, TX October 2014 to January 2016 Managed multi-million-dollar data center and accompanying networks to provide services to 5k+ customers.  • Led the planning, execution, monitor and control of five major and multiple minor projects within the data center. Projects included installing Nexus 7010's, Catalyst 6509's, other DCN equipment, and the physical infrastructure; building a Software Defined Networking (SDN) infrastructure and Malware testing environments. Project Manager United States Air Force October 2012 to October 2014 Provided management and accountability of project-oriented work efforts.  • Led Turkish Telecom Network (TTNet) project to transition government owned housing from government to commercially provided Internet and telephone service; saved the government $1M+ annually in maintenance costs. Developed milestones schedule, communications, and stakeholder management plans. Identified process deficiency; improved process reducing project timeline by 4 months. Coordinated and led status update meetings with key stakeholders. Administered SharePoint site to provide populace with central location for FAQs, schedules, and other vital project information.  • Managed a $150K project to close a remote site. Created and maintained schedule accounting for austere environment. Ensured all network and IT communications equipment was transported safely. IT Infrastructure Operations Manager United States Air Force - Tyndall AFB, FL October 2007 to October 2012 Led 5 work centers with 35 employees sustaining the site's voice and data network in support of over 5,000 users to ensure 99% network availability.  • Managed $75k wireless network installation project to provide commercial internet connection for deployed personnel. Developed project plan and schedule; conducted kick-off meeting. Managed resources, executed identified tasks, and managed stakeholder expectations. Monitored project progress, managed changes, and communicated project status to stakeholders. Finalized project activities and collected lessons learned.  • Led Synchronous Optical Network (SONET) project which installed a $6M fiber network infrastructure backbone. Managed the execution, monitor and control, and closing phases of the project. Identified area for process improvement to reduce the schedule by 3 months. Project improved LAN speed access by increasing speeds from 100 MBps up to 2.488 GBps for 5k+ users. WAN Connection Technician United States Air Force October 2005 to October 2007 Maintained and coordinated systems control activities for a $25M Global Information Grid facility supporting multiple agencies  • Supervised 4 circuit installation projects to establish DISA points of presence for geographically separated units ensuring remote customers had access to DoD networks from planning to close. Developed projects' schedules, stakeholder, quality and communications management plans. Collected and used lessons learned for continuous project improvement. LAN Infrastructure Technician United States Air Force June 2004 to October 2005 Managed secured and non-secured network infrastructure valued $9.6M+ affecting over 1,600 base customers  • Led $1M Command Post relocation project of mission critical personnel to more secure facility in compliance with DoD physical and network guidelines. Developed communication and stakeholder management plans. Managed resources, executed identified tasks, managed stakeholder expectations and implemented quality management plan. Monitored project progress and communicated status with stakeholders. Attained customer signoff, collected lessons learned, and archived results. Education Associate of Science in Electronic Systems Technology in Electronic Systems Technology Community College of the Air Force August 2007 Bachelor of Applied Science in Project Management Pensacola State College Skills PM, Waterfall, PMP, SDLC, Information Technology, PMP, PM, SDLC, Waterfall Military Service Branch: United States Air Force Rank: E5 Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) Driver's License