Senior Project Manager Senior <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Program/ Project/Information Technology Manager Tempe, AZ IT Leader with more than 17 years of experience seeking a new opportunity. A seasoned Program/ Project/ IT Manager directing all aspects of daily IT operations and strategic planning. Well-developed skill supervising diverse teams, overseeing information systems, network infrastructure deployment and maintenance, cyber security, cloud services, data center resources, and asset tracking/lifecycle management. A leader with a proven track record of success building and mentoring teams, using Agile methodologies to manage projects, and working cross-functionally to develop IT solutions that improve the efficiency of business processes. Professional credentials include a Master of Science Degree in Information Management, Agile Certified Practitioner, A+ Certification, and Net+ Certification. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior Project Manager LA Cyber Lab - Los Angeles, CA May 2019 to Present Los Angeles, CA via Gilbert, Arizona based Project Management Office  Short term contract with LA Cyber Lab to oversee RFP development and implementation of $3 million US Homeland Security cooperative agreement for a City of LA based state-of-the-art Cybersecurity Threat Information Sharing Platform.    Senior Project Manager (5/19-present) Full-time  • Executes RFP implementation, risk management, and vendor supply coordination.  • Performs risk assessment, service agreements, and participates in and manages daily SCRUMs.  • Identifies project scope, objectives, schedule, and budget; update major milestone timelines for all assigned projects.  • Develops, maintains, and manages the Concept of Operations (CONOPS), which includes the policies, procedures, and governance for the ingestion of data; the collection, analysis and utilization of Indicators of Compromise (IOCs); and the visualization of threat intel reporting.  • Coordinates development of detailed requirements, policies, procedures, governance documentation, forms, and tracks progress of functional specifications.  • Oversees deployment of MITRE ATT&CK framework, ISAO framework, cloud enterprise infrastructure development, and ensure STIX/TAXII compliance between vendor and partner systems.  • Coordinates security app development between the city of Los Angeles, 3rd party vendor programmers, and security partners.  Key Accomplishments  • Successfully coordinated the implementation of an enterprise cloud bi-directional data sharing platform that will enable businesses, government agencies, and other third parties to automatically exchange cyber threat intelligence information through the LA Cyber Lab to increase the collective knowledge base of known threat actors, activity, and malware. IT Manager / Project Manager HALFWASSEN INVESTMENTS, INC - Tempe, AZ August 2016 to April 2019 Full-time  • Research methodologies and trends to develop products; use research to produce models to be developed, tested, and verified in controlled settings by Programming teams.  • Test software programming daily to ensure fulfillment of the primary functional roles of the original requirement requests; track and analyze technology and security trends in the marketplace.  • Supervise projects in development by the individual Engineering teams; participate in daily Scrum standups, clarify deliverables, take notes from daily Agile standup meetings; circumvent issues, help staff maintain productivity, and more.  • Review projects and business status with Software Development Managers; discuss problems and solutions, perform root cause analyses, and note team successes.  Key Accomplishments  • Successfully designed an enterprise cloud information architecture that fulfilled all requirements for security and business continuity needed to manage 3 teams in 3 cities globally, including the home office in the United States.  • Built effective global teams by working to embrace change management, workflow automation, and facilitated continual improvement by applying Agile methodologies. Within 1 year, reduced the time to complete deliverable milestones from every 9 weeks to every 3 weeks. Technology Support Manager, Sun Devil Athletics Arizona State University - Tempe, AZ December 2007 to September 2016 Full-time  • Supervised all information technology and enterprise network systems architecture needed to support 135 full-time staff members, 50 part-time student workers, and 400 student athletes across 19 different facilities.  • Oversaw local enterprise, including all infrastructure and data center resources, as well as asset tracking, life cycle management, building and monitoring metric-tracking dashboards, information security, disaster recovery planning, and maintaining rigid maintenance windows with servers and related software.  • Organized and managed cross-functional teams including third party vendors and other resources.  • Developed and reviewed strategic direction for the information systems plan annually, including technology deployment plans and departmental budgets, in collaboration with the CFO and Business Director.  • Created, implemented, and maintained policies, procedures, and training plans for infrastructure administration; project management; and federal, state, and NCAA compliance.  • Oversaw the design, deployment, and daily management of CRM/ERP systems and analytic systems, including PeopleSoft, Concur, Salesforce, Ticketmaster, Google Analytics, and Tableau.  Key Accomplishments  • Collaborated with Intel and Cisco to implement technology for a smart stadium (Sun Devil Stadium) utilizing IoT and other state-of-the-art enterprise technologies in unique and creative ways.  • Worked with U.S. Homeland Security as a member of the Super Bowl 49 Cyber Security Task Force. Role-played disaster scenarios, training exercises, and war games to find solutions to perceived threats, including external hacking threats, internal compromised machines, point-of-sales systems, individual cybersecurity at host locations, and game day cybersecurity for both the Pro Bowl and Super Bowl 49.  • Supervised a $3 Million project to repurpose and refit Phoenix Municipal Stadium to be the new home of Sun Devil Baseball. Oversaw technology upgrades to digital signage, video servers, and Wi-Fi in the stadium. Education Master of Science degree in Information Management ARIZONA STATE UNIVERSITY - Tempe, AZ 2016 Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Information Systems ARIZONA STATE UNIVERSITY - Tempe, AZ 2008 Skills Deployment, Systems management, Software development, System development, Software testing, Customer Service, Network Administration, Vmware, Strategic Planning, Exchange, integration, Change Management, Project Management, Visio, Agile Certifications/Licenses CompTIA A+ Present CompTIA Network+ Present PMI-ACP March 2022 ITIL Present Additional Information Areas of Expertise    Service Delivery  Network Infrastructure  Cybersecurity  Compliance  Cloud Services  Software Development  System Development & Deployment  Project Management  Systems Management  Business Automation  Software Testing  Agile Methodology