Client Optimization Manager Client Optimization <span class="hl">Manager</span> Jacksonville, FL Work Experience Client Optimization Manager Surgere, Inc - Green, OH 2018 to 2019 • Worked independently to understand, analyze, and resolve customer concerns and issues.  • Conducted meetings with customer operations teams to identify solutions to process flow problems.  • Collaborated with engineering, IT project management and software development to define process improvements and then implement those solutions in the daily operation.  • Managed installation of electronic equipment, performed quality assurance testing, trained users and supported them during the user acceptance testing.  • General troubleshooting and problem reconciliation involving cellular data transmission, electronic sensing, and related RFID data collection devices. Senior Systems Operation Analyst CEVA Logistics - Mount Juliet, TN 2017 to 2018 • Responded to customer problem inquiries after investigating and analyzing data tables and transaction logs.  • Responded to operations problems relating to automated conveyor sortation system and mechanical controls.  • Collaborated with engineering, IT software development, and operations teams to define processes, WMS application, and automation improvements and ehancements and then tested and implemented those solutions.  • Analyzed, troubleshot, and resolved daily operational problems involving WMS automation and processes. Senior IT Customer Engagement Specialist 1964 - Jacksonville, FL 2013 to 2017 • Consulted with customers and development teams to determine the feasibility of user change requests prior to providing cost estimates.  • Reviewed, evaluated, and provided estimates for IT application and infrastructure change requests that were submitted by internal IT customers.  • Developed cost estimating tool for IT change requests that was successfully implemented and eliminated 2 FTE positions.  • Compiled and analyzed data related to both open and completed change requests; reported results to business, customers, operations, and upper management. IT Project Manager TNT Logistics - Jacksonville, FL 2006 to 2013 • Traveled to new and existing operation locations to participate in new Manhattan Associates PkMS WMS implementations as a member of a team of SMEs.  • Collaborated on joint application design (JAD) sessions mapping work flows for software changes and enhancements.  • Trained operations personnel in work processes and supported the operations team in executing daily production activity.  • Worked directly with internal customers/employees to develop production processes to refine and streamline the processes to increase efficiency.  • Worked in tandem with all IT development teams (EDI, Web, Database, Reporting, and Main Infrastructure - System) to design and develop unique solutions needed for the operation processes. IT Project Implementations Manager TNT Logistics - Jacksonville, FL 2001 to 2006 • Developed cost estimates for hardware, infrastructure, and services in conjunction with the business development and sales teams to support pre-sales pricing and response to external customer RFQs.  • Worked directly with cross-functional IT teams (EDI, Network, Wireless) to design and plan requirements for new business in "green field" installations both domestic and international.  • Managed and mentored a team of technical specialists that coordinated on-site service and installation of electronic hardware.  • Reviewed and evaluated new and improved technology offerings.  • Recommended adoption of new technology to improve operational efficiency over existing hardware and software solutions leading to improvements in ROI.  • Managed implementation budgets ranging from a few thousand to several hundred thousand dollars and brought projects to close on-time, as expected, and within budget.  • Negotiated competitive pricing and delivery of time-critical products and services with vendors and service providers. General Manager Customized Transportation, Inc./CTI Logistix - Nashville, TN 1996 to 2001 • Managed time-definite inbound transportation, sortation, and outbound distribution of auto assembly parts and material as a 3PL logistics service provider to a "big 3" US auto maker.  • Directly interacted with customer and was accountable for customer service satisfaction.  • Managed day-to-day operations to meet multiple KPI goals as dictated by the customer and company upper management.  • Winner of the Chrysler Pentastar award for Best in Class 3PL operation from 1997 to 2001.  • Fully responsible for P&L management of $4-$5M in annual revenue and exceeded company profit goals.  • Successfully managed and mentored a team of 5 supervisors, 36 CDL Class A drivers, 8 material handlers, and 6 clerical staff in a round-the-clock, 6 day a week operation.  • Successfully managed labor relations to overcome two seperate union organization attempts.  • Relocated entire operation on two separate occasions with 100% success and customer transparency with no interruption of service.  • Designed, implemented, and managed third-party collection of auto parts in south Texas and the shipment of those parts to Nashville for sortation and consolidation onto new and existing outbound transportation routes.  • Led the operation to ISO 9002 certification for quality assurance. Operations Manager Customized Transportation, Inc - Nashville, TN 1991 to 1996 • Managed a team of 36 CDL Class A drivers including scheduling, regulatory and safety compliance.  • Managed and directed a team of 5 operations supervisors and 8 material handling associates in all aspects of daily operations and OSHA regulatory compliance.  • Established production goals and objectives for the 24/6 operation and lead team to achieve continuous customer satisfaction and 99% accuracy in pick-up and cross-dock material sortation operations.  • Negotiated with suppliers and vendors to purchase operational supplies and services.  • Planned for contingencies of the operation to meet daily freight movement requirements of customer. i.e. weather-related issues  • Planned and executed special scheduling to accommodate holiday production schedules of both US and Canadian auto assembly facilities.  • Successfully managed labor relations maintaining union-free workplace. Education Bachelors of Science in MIS Tennessee Technological University accounting Middle Tennessee State University Skills PkMS (6 years), Implementaion (9 years), It Project Management (10+ years), Operations Management (7 years), Application support (6 years), Warehouse Management (6 years), Business Systems Analysis (9 years), Mechanically adept, Hands-on