Systems Administrator / Project Manager Systems Administrator / <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Systems Administrator Carson, CA Work Experience Systems Administrator / Project Manager Massive Prints/ Affliction Clothing - Compton, CA January 2018 to January 2019 Compton, Ca Jan 2018 - Jan 2019  Managing all aspects of the IT departments projects and technology operations (e.g. network  security) and evaluate them according to established goals, and handling employee concerns  and performance. Coordinating IT activities to ensure data availability and network services with as little downtime as necessary. Determining IT systems for business requirements. Managing the  organization's help desk (internal, external, or both) Sr. IT Engineer / Systems Administrator Media Temple / Go Daddy - Los Angeles, CA June 2014 to November 2017 Responsible for providing advanced technical support to internal Media Temple / Go Daddy  customer support agents supporting 17 million customers, 6000 employees and 3 data centers  worldwide. Ensuring a reliable computing experience by promptly resolving or escalating  support requests with an emphasis on providing excellent customer service IT Service Manager Mac Mall (PCM) - Huntington Beach, CA August 2011 to June 2014 Responsible for the supervision of the Mac Mall technical service team in providing complete and appropriate end-to-end solutions that streamline operations and repairs for every consumer  and business customer. Maintain appropriate levels of parts and supplies for AppleCare and  Out of warranty repairs. Provided new store opening assistance including server installation and network configuration. Apple Certified Macintosh Technician Melrose Mac - Burbank, CA August 2009 to August 2011 Provided advanced technical support and troubleshooting to customers experiencing  difficulties or issues with their Mac products. Performing technical functions and Repairs that  require precise advanced knowledge and concentration. Entrusted with sensitive information on a daily basis. Apple Inc - Newport Beach, CA July 2005 to November 2008 Provided front line customer support at the Genius Bar, Solving Problems including hardware,  software troubleshooting and repair. Performed the vast functions that my position entailed in a high-production and professional environment. Education Journeyman Certificate in Commercial Music Recording Engineer and Production Musicians Institute - Hollywood, CA June 2006 to February 2007 Associate in Commercial Music Recording Engineer/Producer Long Beach City College - Long Beach, CA August 2003 to June 2006 Executed General Education w/ a concentration in Computer Science Bachelors Degree Cal State University of Long Beach - Long Beach, CA June 2000 to June 2003 Skills System Administrator, Active Directory, System Admin, Vmware