IT Scrum Manager, Senior <span class="hl">IT</span> Scrum <span class="hl">Manager</span>, Senior IT Scrum Manager, Senior - Express Scripts Orlando, FL Agile project management leader with the ability to motivate others to accomplish various goals and influence decision making at all levels. Self-starter experienced in all methods of project management, including Agile (Scrum, Kanban, SAFe) and Waterfall. Manage multiple projects and teams simultaneously and efficiently. Effective communicator with outstanding interpersonal and analytical skills, with the ability to interpret and convey technical data at all levels. Work Experience IT Scrum Manager, Senior Express Scripts - Orlando, FL May 2018 to Present Contractual - As an IT Scrum Manager, Sr. utilizes common Agile practices, service-oriented environments, and better development practices. Advanced ability to coordinate cross-functional work teams and drive projects to completion Demonstrated experience managing and delivering projects in the type of environment (App Dev, Infrastructure, Integration etc.) Possess advanced knowledge of the tools and processes required for the team to function at a high level. Well-developed communication and relationship skills, in directing technical teams, updating executive leadership, verbal and written, including presentations and negotiations with Senior IT and Business leaders. Function well in large-scale, highly complex, cross-functional / platform environments. Ensure that the team is functional and productive; understand incremental delivery and the value of metrics.  • Share knowledge, coach and mentor team members in Agile methods  • Reach out to the larger company network for impediment removal  • Maintain relevant metrics that help the team see how they are doing (i.e. backlog tracking, burn down metrics, velocity, and task definition)  • Liaise between the developers and User Experience/Visual Designers  • Manage multiple teams that develop digital back end and front end services, User/Web interfaces. Senior Scrum Master Walt Disney Company - Orlando, FL December 2017 to May 2018 Contractual - Lead Agile Scrum team on complex integrated platforms executing enterprise, solution, and infrastructure architecture, systems integration, data conversion and migration. Conduct strategic planning and story mapping session along with Scrum ceremonies efficiently and effectively. Collaborate with program and project management and apply knowledge of multidisciplinary business principles and practices to achieve a successful transition from waterfall to scrum in an enterprise IT environment.  • Apply Agile practices to remove impediments and coach team on the Scrum processes.  • Conduct training sessions on Agile implementation at the enterprise level. Scrum Master Satcom Direct - Melbourne, FL September 2017 to November 2017 Responsible for leading the effective functioning of a software development team using Agile methods. Coordinate planning, collaboration, reporting and execution activities across multiple Scrum teams. Collaborate with Product Owners and Scrum Teams to apply, implement and enforce Scrum principles and practices, facilitate continuous improvement, and remove impediments to delivery. Facilitate a team dynamic intended to maximize performance by continuously improving agile practices.  Monitor and track milestones, and facilitate mitigation of issues and risks, collaborate with the team to identify and resolve problems and remove impediments/barriers.  • Ensure that release deliverables are submitted and quality standards were defined  • Monitor the effectiveness of scrum team processes and performance  • Work with appropriate departmental teams to achieve/satisfy customer's requirements Senior IT Resource Manager 4Corner Resources for Orange Lake Resorts - Orlando, FL May 2017 to June 2017 Contractual - Responsible for overall coordination of resource planning to deliver enterprise level IT applications projects, conflict resolution, employee growth and culture building. Work with all IT stakeholders including Scrum Masters, Business Analysts, Software Developers, QA Analysts, and Senior/Executive Leadership teams to develop plans that align with project resource needs, budgets, and timelines for delivery. Facilitate conversation within team members when necessary, resolve conflict and instill an Agile culture based on servant leadership and Agile principles. Senior Project Manager D+H - Lake Mary, FL April 2016 to April 2017 Responsible for overall coordination, status reporting, financial reporting, and stability of complex and cross functional project oriented work efforts. Manage multiple large, complex and highly integrated software development, implementation, migrations and technical projects simultaneously in a technical environment with over 12mm in projected revenue. Establish and implement industry best practice project management processes and methodologies to ensure projects are delivered on time, within budget, adhere to high quality standards and meet or exceed the needs of clients as defined by the Project Management Office (PMO).  • Conducted Gap Analysis and managed a NetSuite upgrade migration for over 400 customers globally, working with internal stakeholders from Marketing, Sales, Release Management, IT, Migration, and Product team, along with the PMO  • Coached Developers, QA, and BSA roles through an Enterprise wide Agile transformation  • Initiated set up of multiple Agile teams, and product backlogs in the Agile tool, Team Foundation Server (TFS), managing and resourcing teams through the entire application lifecycle  • Partnered with stakeholders to resolve risks/ issues, provide status updates, address concerns IT Project Manager Verizon - Lake Mary, FL December 2014 to April 2016 Support multiple Financial Operations Projects utilizing Agile methods, acting as Stakeholder for a multitude of billing and tracking applications. Assist with development of business requirements and translate to User Stories so that they can be interpreted by business as added value in production. Identify and contribute to the design and implementation of new processes or procedures and maintaining systems enabling the business through technology enhancements. Analyze and interpret reports for management providing recommendations to guide business decisions. Maintain on-going interaction with internal client groups and other functional areas relating to objectives, deliverables, resource allocation and related matters.  • Serve as Liaison with Clients, Quality Assurance and IT teams to identify the appropriate data needed for testing and ensure information is provided within timeframe of testing milestones.  • Field issue escalations from internal customers or delivery partners and respond to customer inquiries as requested, ensuring issue and error resolution on product deliverable.  • Conduct system and user acceptance testing activities associated with new or modified systems.  • Validate that performance metrics established by service level agreements are met as applicable.  • Develop, execute, validate and document thorough and accurate test scenarios and processes according to the client's requirements, utilizing detailed business requirement documentation gathered and feedback from the business owners. IT Project Manager/Scrum Master Capital One - Richmond, VA January 2010 to August 2014 Manage multiple large and moderately complex initiatives, including software development, infrastructure, and mobile enhancement type projects. Directed the day-to-day operational aspects of a project including, scope, schedule and budget with direct accountability and communications to executive management. Effectively managed and coached high-performing and diverse Scrum teams composed of Business Analyst's, Developers and Testers to deliver new products and capabilities within a well-managed delivery processes. Provide exceptional management utilizing full System Development Life Cycle (SDLC) from requirements to implementation, under fast paced, deadline driven environments involving local, remote and cross-functional teams. Support Product Owners, Stakeholders and Scrum Teams in developing, maintaining and grooming the Product Backlog. Pioneer in Enterprise wide Agile adoption, standing up, training and managing multiple Scrum Teams Ceremonies, User Stories, Sprints, Demos, and Retrospectives.  • Managed and supported the launch of mobile banking, and a single sign-on desktop application, along with digitization and automation at the branch level for financial customer.  • Contributed to the implementation of a Next Generation Teller application and the branch image capture applications that automated over 900 branches across the Capital One footprint for Branch Teller and ATM's, automating items processing and saving the organization over $12mm annually.  • Managed Agile Infrastructure Team in standing up over 20 server environments.  • Optimized project logistics for Capital One University Bank Logistics Team by implementing a company wide web based training initiative to 9,000 associates. EDUCATIONAL HIATUS November 2008 to December 2009 Completion of BSc IT degree) Business Operations Professional (Internship) IBM Global Services - Glen Allen, VA June 2008 to October 2008 Data Analyst and Configuration Champion for the Asset Management Project Team for Global Services India/IBM collaboration in the Data Center. Monitored and tracked hardware devices and Virtual Memory (VM) Ware for the Capital One/IBM Project. Data synchronization for inventory of the hardware assets on Oracle database.  • Obtained a 99.0 % rate of accuracy and data integrity of hardware inventory.  • Identified business process improvements to achieve quality control, efficiency, and team cohesion.  • Contributed to the analysis of data integrity, obtaining Configuration Champion status. Education BSc University of Phoenix - Phoenix, AZ 2010 Skills Agile Scrum, Jira, CSM, Scrum Master, Scrum, Certified Scrum Master, Kanban, Versionone Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/ngraves Additional Information SKILLS  Microsoft Office - Word, Access, Outlook, Excel, Visio, Publisher, PowerPoint, Project  Applications - Version One, Jira, Confluence, TFS; SharePoint, Jabber, Clarity, ALM, Siebel, Oracle  Web development - JavaScript, Joomla, WordPress, xHTML, CSS