Delivery Lead Delivery Lead SENIOR AGILE DEVELOPMENT MANAGER Tampa, FL Progressive and innovative IT leader with experience in software development and delivery for Fortune 500’s in the payroll tax processing and compliance, risk management, manufacturing, insurance, logistics, human capital management, health care, and retail service domains.     Expertise leading software strategic and operational planning, developing sound business cases, delivering seamless software deployments, applying industry best practices, and consistently launching software solutions that improve cost-effectiveness and service quality. Experience with application architecture design, business requirements development, and project management principles. Work Experience Delivery Lead Independant Consultant - Tampa, FL 2018 to Present ·      Provide direction and guidance on infrastructure set up, product architecture and new features.  ·      Coaching, mentoring and training for junior software developers. Monitoring, tracking individual projects and help eliminate roadblocks to meet schedules.  ·      Process improvement, Client management and Implementation support.  ·      Drives technology solution to ensure they meet customer requirements.  ·      Interpret, define and document complex business requirement and turn them into specifications.  ·      Conduct user validation sessions and design reviews.  ·      Pre-Sales presentation and quotes preparation. Project schedule, budgeting and resource allocation. SENIOR IT PROJECT MANAGER Ceridian - Saint Petersburg, FL 2015 to 2018 Managed project, program budgets, vendor management, on-boarding, off-boarding, time management, performance review, and employee engagement activities.  ? Interacted with senior leadership to develop yearly short-range plan (SRP), long-term product modernization roadmap, project cost benefit analysis (CBA), budget estimates, and resource planning.  ? Managed multiple scrum teams with members including developers, QA, Business Analysts, and Scrum Masters in the delivery of a major upgrade initiative while meeting time frame.  ? Partnered with product development and management leaders to successfully transform entire Tax development team from Waterfall to Agile/Scrum.  ? Facilitated daily stand-ups, release/sprint planning, backlog grooming, sprint reviews, and retrospectives.  ? Collaborated with product owners, business analysts, and subject matter experts (SMEs) to create quality user stories and delivered promptly.  ? Spearheaded the modernization and migration of the legacy tax processor system and successfully integrated system with brand new tax filing platform, internal hosting BizTalk servers, Ceridian inbound file transmission, and IRS transmission and acknowledgment services.  ? Assisted product owners in the maintenance and prioritization of product backlog items - EPICs, Features, User Stories and Defects.  ? Partnered with scrum team to promote Dev/QA best practices - Code review, code reusability, unit and integration testing, test automation, regression, and NFR.    Operations ? Managed production support issues and communication to cross-functional leaders.  ? Operationalized products/services and presented recommendation of how to support and mange after production deployment. PRINCIPAL CONSULTANT Neudesic, Greater Chicago Area, IL 2014 to 2015 Led a technical team to develop and implement a single standard platform to manage all aspects of home owner insurance.  ? Coordinated development and analytical members to integrate individual modules to the core platform.  ? Working with development team developed minimum viable products (MVP) for business stakeholders and user community.  ? Partnered with Product owners to manage Product Backlog, Spring Backlog, Sprint Burndown, and Release Burndown.  ? Defined scope, detailed project estimation including resource planning and budgeting, and provided pre-sales support for enterprise client executives to win projects. APPLICATIONS ARCHITECT CDI Corporation 2004 to 2014 Manufacturing Project (2010 to 2014) ? Managed a real-time data processing module of an enterprise product to identify issues and improve production floor efficiency in an electronics manufacturing setup.  ? Led a team of 7 off-shore development members; managed product road map by adding new features; developed prototypes, program specifications and business flow diagrams for internal/external stakeholders.  ? Collaborated with customer support team to resolve critical on-site production issues.  ? Evaluated and proposed third-party API/tools to improve the development productivity.  ? Implemented coding standards, reviews, and version control including comprehensive branching/merging process.  Insurance Project (2004 to 2010) ? Led project coordination, solution architecture, implementation, and support for enterprise-wide software applications to manage various area of workers' compensation insurance.  ? Coached agile/scrum, introduced process improvements and issue resolution through collaboration with various stakeholders.  ? Implemented a client web portal as a one stop place for agents, policy holders, and claimants for quotes, policy purchase, access claim details, and customer support with improved functionality and usability ? Created a risk management tool which offered customized alerts to adjusters, agents, and policy holders ? Led a team of 4 in requirements gathering, design specifications, project planning, and integrating third-party APIs with internal claim system    EARLY CAREER ? Began career as a Support Engineer at the Sterling Group. Joined DevCenter Software Pvt. Ltd.as a Software Engineer and Western Digital as a Systems Architect. Eventually signed on with CCSC as a Systems Analyst and Expert Tech Solutions as a Senior Software Engineer. Education Master of Business Administration in Business Administration Colorado State University - Fort Collins, CO Bachelor of Engineering in (BE), Electronics & Communication University of Madras - Chennai, Tamil Nadu Skills Product Development Management, Project Management, Program Management, Agile Coach / Scrum Master, Azure (PaaS), IT Strategy, Systems Integration, Software Development, TFS, JIRA, Team Management, MVC, ASP.NET, .NET, C#, Javascript, Java, Sharepoint, Oracle, SQL Server, Microsoft Office, DevOps, Test Automation, Agile Scrum, Scrum, CSM, PM, Scrum Master Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/sekarkandasamy Certifications/Licenses Certified ScrumMaster (CSM) May 2010 to Present ITIL V3 Ceritifed April 2009 to Present