VP/ IT Manager VP/ <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> VP/ IT Manager - UMB Financial Corporation Overland Park, KS Over 12 years of technical project management and finance experience with demonstrated success in planning, executing and controlling scope, cost and schedule on high technology projects. Well versed in directing vendor and sub-contractor management, process improvement, executive engagement, team management, project finance, strategic planning and team building. Thought leader of project and capacity management methodologies. Creative, enthusiastic problem solver. Work Experience VP/ IT Manager UMB Financial Corporation - Kansas City, MO July 2012 to Present Three concurrent roles:    Manager of IT Program Managers - Directs Program Managers leading high impact technology integration projects that coordinate work between SOA developers, Middleware, Infrastructure, Application Developers, DBAs, QAs and BAs, with both Agile and Waterfall methodologies.    Manager of Enterprise Project Management Support Office – Manager and architect of the enterprise project management application support team that designs, upgrades, trains and supports enterprise project management applications. These applications integrate project schedules, portfolio analysis, capacity planning, project issues and risks, change controls, financial controls, task level time sheets for all associates and reporting.     Program manager of Channel Transformation Program- Ensures enterprise portfolio of projects align with enterprise API capability development. Direct oversight on Teller Platform Upgrade, Online Banking Upgrade, Mobile Upgrade and Enterprise Services projects.    •    Member of IT leadership team  •    Chairs executive steering committees  •    Directs IT Project Managers  •    Architects internal project management Project Life Cycle processes and procedures  •    Coordinates project demands with integrated services capabilities Various Positions The Boeing Company - St. Louis, MO March 2008 to June 2012 Project Manager/Enterprise Data Warehouse Analyst at The Boeing Company  January 2012 - July 2012 (7 months)  Earned Value system focal for the Enterprise Data Warehouse. Technical liaison between business units and IT for project management and compliance initiatives.    Integrated Master Scheduler/Financial Controls Analyst at The Boeing Company  March 2008 - December 2011 (3 years 10 months)  Responsible for ensuring all SOW requirements (deliverables) were included in the master schedule and completed. This included more than a dozen engineering groups and multiple vendors, including international vendors at the scope of $30 million (multiyear program). Responsible for reviewing sub-contractors schedules and ensuring all their requirements were accounted for, then integrating them into the master schedule. Served as the Lead Master Scheduler for the T45 VMTS program within Global Systems and Support (a DFAR program). Scheduling lead for frequent government reviews.  Responsible for the earned value management of various projects. Managed project team to ensure that budgets were distributed correctly and were tracked to the baseline. Worked in conjunction with the engineering lead to ensure the projects met cost, schedule and scope requirements.      • Recognized as a scheduling Subject Matter Expert.  • Used strong EVM skills and background to prepare control account managers for multiple audits and reviews.  • Served as the lead for the VMTS over-target schedule and over-target baseline implementation. Processes developed now are used on other programs.  • Developed and validated EACs (Estimate at Complete), baselines and cost management plans using earned value management methodologies. Performance of duties required extensive coordination among management, Engineering, Accounting, Contracts, Scheduling and Business Planners.    • Special assignment to lead effort to baseline cost and schedule for Apache Block 3 LRIP for GSS. This involved meeting with program management and stakeholders to develop a cost collection plan based on bid matrices, creating budget memos and coordinating tasks across business units and functions.  • Automated reporting from various systems using Cognos Report Writer. Automated report replaced separate cost, schedule, performance and status reports into a concise management tool. Senior Accountant and Financial Analyst UMB Financial Corporation - St. Louis, MO June 2005 to March 2008 Responsible for leading implementation for Customer Profitability System including managing vendors. Performed long-range planning analysis through interest rate modeling and conveyed forecasts and findings to executive board. Maintained a $300 million bond portfolio. Produced various financial, managerial and tax reports. Completed monthly fixed asset accounting, customer profitability analysis and general ledger reconciliations with a focus on streamlining and automating tasks. Managed daily cash positions for 2 companies ($30 million). Coordinated disaster recovery planning. Served as a subject matter expert and point of contact for non-exempt employees, external parties and management for multiple projects. Streamlined many reporting and reconciliation processes. VP/ IT Project Manager Education Graduate Certificate in Project Management Washington U - St. Louis, MO 2008 to 2010 M.B.A. in Finance University of Missouri - St. Louis, MO 2005 to 2007 B.A. in Economics The University of Kansas 2000 to 2004 Skills PROJECT MANAGEMENT, TECHNICAL PROJECT MANAGEMENT, DATABASES, FINANCE, EARNED VALUE MANAGEMENT, Word, budget, Strategic Planning, training Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/adam-walker Certifications/Licenses PMP- Project Management Professional May 2011 ICAgile Certified Professional (ICP) November 2015 ITIL Foundation Certificate in IT Service Management Present Lean Six Sigma Yellow Belt Additional Information Top Skills  Databases Over 12 years of technical project management and finance  Scheduling experience with demonstrated success in planning, executing  Earned Value Management and controlling scope, cost and schedule on high technology  projects. Well versed in directing vendor and sub-contractor