Cloud Project Manager/Lead Scrum Master Cloud <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>/Lead Scrum Master Cloud Project Manager/Lead Scrum Master - Equifax Alpharetta, GA Experienced, Agile (Scrum) Certified, PMI/Waterfall expert, results oriented, and customer focused IT Project/Program Manager with diverse industry experience in manufacturing, telecommunications, government, travel and hospitality, aviation, insurance, finance, retail and banking. Professional expertise includes end-to-end project management with a focus on delivering value to stakeholders through effective management of project scope, budget, schedule, and quality.  • Results oriented, Value Driven and Customer Focused End-to-End Program/ Project/ IT Leadership  • Successful Deployment of many Application Systems (Development and Migration) and Infrastructure Projects  • Large Data Center Migration and Consolidation; Public and Private Cloud (AWS and Google)  • Extensive (20 plus years of Hands-on) IT Experience including Complex Business Processes  • Careful Budget Management and Strong Problem-Solving Skills; excellent Communication Skills  • Proactive Risk and Issue Management with Timely Escalations and Status Reporting  • Certified Scrum Master (CSM); Successfully Managed many AGILE (Scrum and Kanban) Projects  • Strong Stakeholder/Vendor Management Skills - Building Strong Coalition through Negotiation  • Knowledge of AT&T Network Architecture & Billing Systems (Universal Biller, Telegence, etc.) Work Experience Cloud Project Manager/Lead Scrum Master Equifax - Alpharetta, GA May 2018 to Present • Support Equifax Cyber Security Initiative program (Sierra) and provide end-to-end management of multiple, concurrent, and high complexity Cloud based projects by directing the activities of 38 cross functional resources.  • Being the Cloud Center of Excellence for Equifax, my teams are responsible for creating Minimum Viable Cloud (MVC) including: Accounts for various environments (PROD and NON-PROD); Virtual Private Cloud (VPCs), EC2 Instances; Network Connections (VPN and Direct Connect); Transit HUBs; Amazon Machine Image (AMIs); S3 Buckets; Lambda Functions; Security Groups and Policies and all other AWS cloud components throughout Equifax's Business Units located worldwide.  • Triage Cloud COE Front Door Requests for new projects and guide requesting business units in migrating their mission critical application systems to cloud (AWS).  • As a Scrum Master, manage scrum teams and conduct all ceremonies of AGILE scrum process including: Daily Stand Up; Sprint Planning; Backlog Grooming; Demo; and Sprint Review Meetings.  • Assist scrum teams in managing risks and dependencies and removing any roadblocks  • Provide monthly status report to the Project Management Office at program level Lead Project Manager/Application Manager/Scrum Master AT&T - Atlanta, GA February 2017 to April 2018 • Support AT&T Integrated Cloud (AIC) and Corporate Security Office (CSO) and provide end-to-end management of multiple, concurrent, and high complexity Cloud based projects by directing the activities of up to 45 cross functional resources and budgets of up to $3M.  • Manage projects related with both public and private cloud domains. My teams received OS image templates from the customers and vendors for their leased VM ware servers, validated to ensure supplied templates met minimum requirements, added certain proprietary tools (one out of the three tool "bundles") to ensure security compliance (Cyber Security) in the post processing phase through automated scripts.  • Manage Cyber Security projects. Work with vendor companies to conduct penetration testing of critical business applications and propose remediation of gaps discovered in the process.  • Deploy servers, networking equipment and storage devices and manage configuration, releases and all changes to ensure integrity of the deployed systems.  • Achieve executive level stakeholders' satisfaction and complements for ownership and successful delivery of project goals and business functionalities.  • Deliver scope and stated business benefits on time and within budget.  • Using AT&T's IT UP PMO methodology, maximize use of proprietary PRISM system to track project activities, deliverables, documents, estimates, and budgets.  • Proactive risk management resulted in low number of issues, jeopardy, and escalations.  • Craft desired communication strategies and working plans to meet stakeholders' needs of timely project status and other related reports, issues, escalation, etc.  • Collaborate with the business client(s) to facilitate User Acceptance Testing (UAT, pre-deployment) and User Certified Testing (UCT, post-deployment). Sr. IT Project/Applications Manager Delta Air Lines - Atlanta, GA October 2016 to February 2017 • Managed a Large and Complex project within the IT Transformation Program to create new Data Center facilities and related infrastructure for Disaster Recovery purposes.  • Coordinated related activities including Site Selection, Lease Negotiation, Power and Cooling, Floor Plan, Hardware Procurement, Asset Management, Install and Configuration, and Operational Readiness  • Assisted in formulating procedures and processes for future mode of operations  • Helped create an accurate inventory of existing software applications used throughout the enterprise then categorized them in order of their critical priority for phased deployment  • Concurrently managed another complex project associated with Incident Management and Prevention through Risk Assessment and Mitigation/Remediation using the HP's Project and Portfolio Management (PPM) Tool. Sr. IT Project Manager/Scrum Master Home Depot - Atlanta, GA July 2016 to October 2016 • Managed several work streams within two large projects simultaneously with a combined team size of 36 professional IT resources and budget of $4 million to migrate Electronic Data Warehouse (EDW) infrastructure to Google Cloud using Agile Scrum methodology  • Managed project securing critical and confidential customer Data in Motion between Source and Target systems  • Using Agile Scrum methodology, led the project team as a Scrum Master and worked with the Product Owner to create user stories, backlog and assisted team in removing road blocks  • Accurately managed project budgets and assisted the Program Manager with annual forecasting process Sr. IT Program/ Project Manager Wipro Technologies - Atlanta, GA May 2006 to July 2016 Projects/Engagements: IT Applications Manager Wipro Technologies - Boston, MA October 2015 to March 2016 • Led a cross functional IT team to build a central and consolidated repository of Worker Services database and many new interfaces (APIs) to distribute this data to target applications  • Managed a $1 million Microsoft Dynamics AX project with a team of 11 members to implement ERP functions of a major automotive dealership data management company Lead Applications/ Project Manager AT&T - Atlanta, GA May 2014 to September 2015 • Provided end-to-end management of multiple, concurrent, and high complexity IT Legacy Transformation projects by directing the activities of up to 95 cross functional resources and budgets of up to $9M.  • Achieved executive level stakeholders' satisfaction and complements for ownership and successful delivery of project goals and business functionalities.  • Delivered scope and stated business benefits of several Billing Applications Migration projects on time  • Maximized use of AT&T's PRISM system to track project deliverables, documents, and budgets.  • Presented projects and associated scope to various internal and external governance boards to gain their release and change management approvals and resource assignment.  • Achieved 100% compliance with AT&T's Software Quality Audit by implementing all projects using AT&T's TD Unified Process (TD UP) for technical project management.  • Proactive management of project risks including mitigation and contingency plans resulted in low number of issues, jeopardy, and escalations.  • Crafted desired communication strategies and working plans to meet stakeholders' needs of timely project status and other related reports, issues, escalation, etc.  • Collaborated with the business client(s) to facilitate User Acceptance Testing (UAT, pre-deployment) and User Certified Testing (UCT, post-deployment).  • Assisted other senior IT managers with urgent tasks and project intake work helping the department address short term staffing needs. IT Application Integration Manager Credit Suisse - New York, NY August 2013 to May 2014 • Supervised a global team of over 20 application developers, business analysts, and testers spread across 3 geographies to plan, design, integrate, and deploy IT systems to facilitate management of central repository of business and risk models.  • The $3.8 million project also delivered a new work flow that helped the company with timely assessments and validation of these critical models resulting in significant cost savings.  • Technologies used: Orchestra Network's EBX5 software platform employing JSF framework. Lead Application/ Project Manager AT&T - Atlanta, GA August 2010 to August 2013 • Provided end-to-end management of multiple, concurrent, and high complexity AVPN projects by directing the activities of up to 45 cross functional resources and budgets of up to $5M.  • Gained support of key stakeholders through collaborative skills; deployed desired functionalities on time helping product managers with new products launches to realize additional $25 million in revenue.  • Collaborated with SMEs to refine system requirements related with AT&T's Network Architecture & apps.  • Efficiently and fully utilized available processes and tools ( IT UP and PRISM) to assist the team in document management, risk and issue management, change and budget management.  • Participated in and passed AT&T's random audits to ensure compliance with CMMI and ISO.  • Mentored junior project managers and helped them learn AT&T's PM processes and tools.  • Saved more than $500K by renegotiating an IT outsourcing contract. IT Applications Program Manager Intercontinental Hotels Group - Atlanta, GA January 2010 to August 2010 • Collaborated with senior managers and executives to work on the complex and multi-tower transition of IHG's Global Service Desk (Incident Management System) to deliver cost effective results.  • Provided critical transition support during Planning, Knowledge Acquisition, and Secondary & Primary Shadow phases and helped the team overcome obstacles and issues.  • Concurrently managed Revenue Management project consisting of home grown systems and interfaces in an effort to improve forecasting demand and occupancy and associated strategies.  • Facilitated meetings and worked with offshore and onsite resources to deliver stated goals. Data Center Manager Mercury Insurance - Folsom, CA July 2009 to January 2010 • Planned the move and successfully relocated Data Center from Mesa to Folsom.  • Assisted in preparing the new Data Center's environment and ensured its readiness on time.  • Successfully managed the operations of the new DC including resources and equipment. IT Applications Migration Manager Northwestern Mutual - Milwaukee, WI January 2008 to July 2009 • Led NM's enterprise $5 million Windows 7 migration project including Active Directory and MS-Exchange  • Efficiently managed Infrastructure Testing and Remediation of 400 various technology components to facilitate their operation in new OS environment.  • Led various technical support teams to document all known technologies and tools; facilitated testing in the lab and remediate as required.  • Helped team identify project roadblocks, determine root cause and manage until resolved. IT Project Manager Boeing - Seattle, WA April 2007 to January 2008 • Led a team of 24 onsite and offshore resources deploy Application Integration (EAI) project for Boeing 787 (Dreamliner) program using SOA, Java, Tibco, MQ Series, and IBM Websphere technologies.  • Successfully managed schedule and resources to deploy projects on time and within budget. Sr. IBM Domino Administrator Red Bull - Santa Monica, CA May 2006 to April 2007 IT Application Support Manager US National Park Service - Washington, DC August 2005 to May 2006 IT Application Support Manager Federal Aviation Administration - Washington, DC June 2004 to July 2005 Sr. Systems Analyst T-Mobile - Atlanta, GA August 1999 to May 2004 • Managed Lotus Notes applications and related infrastructure including servers, and networking equipment  • Supported and troubleshot Amdocs Billing, Accounts Receivable, and Credit Systems Technical Project Manager Koch Industries - Spartanburg, SC April 1992 to August 1999 Education Master of Science in Computer Science University of North Carolina at Charlotte - Charlotte, NC May 1991 Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering University of North Carolina at Charlotte - Charlotte, NC August 1987 Skills PMBOK, PROJECT MANAGEMENT, SHAREPOINT, VISIO, JIRA, agile, kanban, microsoft office, Agile Scrum, CSM, Scrum Master, Scrum, PM, Certified Scrum Master Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/shyamdalmia Certifications/Licenses Certified ScrumMaster (CSM) Present Additional Information SKILLS  • Expert Knowledge of PMI's PMBOK Project Management Methodologies  • Proficient with Agile (Scrum) and Waterfall Methodologies  • Proficient with Agile Project Management Tools: JIRA, Rally and Pivotal Tracker  • Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint)  • Microsoft Project, SharePoint, and Visio  • IBM Rational ReqPro  • HP Quality Center and Application Lifecycle Management (ALM)