Resource Manager / Project Manager Resource <span class="hl">Manager</span> / <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Resource Manager / Project Manager Sacramento, CA Work Experience Resource Manager / Project Manager DELEGATA CORPORATION - Sacramento, CA January 2019 to July 2019 Caltrans ADA Remediation project, California Web Accessibility for All (CWAA) involving  deployment of Site Core as a new platform for Caltrans external (internet) web sites.  • Manager of 14 Caltrans Business Relationship Managers (BRM's) who represent Caltran's  Districts, Programs and Divisions for the ADA remediation project. These BRM's support over  200 remediator's and liaison's working on more than 500,000 pages.  • Leading UAT testing and creating the Cutover to Production plan.    PRO UNLIMITED contracted to: Sr IT Service Manager / Project Manager SYMANTEC CORPORATION - Mountain View, CA September 2015 to August 2018 Set up Symantec's SRE (Site Reliability Engineering) structure for the Global Subscription  Platform (GSP).  • Negotiated $6 million SSL / PKI certificate contract between Symantec and DigiCert.  • Agile Scrum Master for VeriSign's Siebel On Demand (SOD) to the SFDC platform migration.  • Project Manager for Symantec's marketing track supporting the divestiture of VeriSign to DigiCert meeting all deadlines set by Wall Street.  • Project Manager representing Symantec's Business applications for the Blue Coat M&A (Merger  and Acquisition) resulting in a seamless integration.    • Developed a framework to support the monitoring of critical apps during Symantec's Quarter  End freeze period resulting in a dramatic reduction of 66% in major incidents during the Quarter End freeze period. Application Delivery Manager / Program Manager HEWLETT-PACKARD - Mountain View, CA September 2010 to August 2015 9/2010 - 8/2015 (5 years)  • Senior IT Manager responsible for Symantec's customer facing Sales, Marketing, Education, and VeriSign apps.  • Managed a staff of 50+ (on & off shore) for 7x24 support and performed Program  Management duties for app upgrades & Infrastructure projects in adherence to a defined  roadmap.  • Achieved significant reductions in major outages while reducing costs by 15% annually.  Accomplished through effective workforce optimization and efficiency initiatives.  • Drove cross functional teams to resolve escalations and reduce total downtime resulting with HP avoiding any SLA (Service Level Agreement) penalties during the last three years of the  contract with Symantec.  • Cultivated strong customer and business relationships to drive common goals.  • Managed fixed price and T&M contracts that always met or fell within budget targets. SABER SOFTWARE (formerly HP) CA Dept. of Motor Vehicles client - Sacramento, CA October 2008 to September 2010 • Supporting State and Local Government for the California DMV's ITM (Modernization) project.  • Responsibilities spanning Project Management and Technical oversight.  • Led a team of senior programmers and consultants to develop a new framework for the CA  DMV as the first phase of the DMV's IT Modernization project ensuring the requirements of the current system were traced forward into the new project.  • Directly managed the Quality Assurance and re-work efforts for the back-end team reducing  over 500 defects to zero ahead of the planned schedule. IT Project Manager GENERAL MOTORS (via EDS - Detroit, MI January 1998 to October 2008 • IT Manager with end to end responsibility for GM's plant floor Quality applications.  • Project Manager and Operations Support oversight. Managed a direct staff of 10 to 18 for 7x24  central support.  • Annually led and sold new business pursuits for major enhancements to GM's plant floor  Quality applications followed by performing as Project Manager for the associated project.  • Curtailed rising app support costs by leveraging extended support teams from remote plant  sites. This allowed for a net sum zero increase in staff support costs as major enhancements  were deployed. Education Bachelor of Science in Business Administration California State University - Sacramento, CA Associate of Science in Computer Science / Programming Solano Community College - Suisun City, CA Skills Pmp certified, Pmp, Change management, Mitigation, Issues management, Budgeting, Supplier management Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/jimmcroy Additional Information CORE COMPETENCIES  • Leadership and Supervision • Certified Agile Scrum Management (CSM)  • High Severity Issues Management • Incident, Problem & Change Management  • Leads Cross-Functional Teams • Resource Planning and Staff Allocation  • Financial Cost Allocation & Budgeting • Remote Off Shore Team Support  • Risk Identification and Mitigation  • PMP certified (2003 thru 2022)  • Vendor and Supplier Management