Senior Project Manager / Program Management Consultant Senior <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> / Program Management Consultant Program Management Consultant (Remote) - STARR & ASSOCIATES Oxford, CT Work Experience Senior Project Manager / Program Management Consultant STARR & ASSOCIATES - Oxford, CT April 2015 to Present Direct accountability for leveraging excellent communication, problem solving, and project/program management skills to assist clients with adopting repeatable processes that enabled the delivery of consistent results. Managed the entire project lifecycle from initiation to closure including developing and managing project scope, scheduling, budget administration, project execution/delivery, and managing project/program milestones, risks, and issues.  ·  Met with project stakeholders regularly to review plans, analyze project/business needs, discuss project scope, anticipate potential roadblocks, determine project performance metrics, and to establish timelines and plans.  ·  Led project implementation for process improvement initiatives, accountable for change management activities, and continually identified opportunities to provide support to clients, project team members, and the business.  ·  Served as subject matter expert and point-of-contact as needed on escalated project and technical issues due to experience and a willingness to devote the time necessary to investigate and determine effective solutions.  ·  Displayed exceptional capacity to meet deadlines, build rapport with individuals at all levels and backgrounds, and to support project goals/objectives by facilitating an environment that achieved/exceeded expectations.  ·  Established a reputation for maintaining professional composure in a dynamic, fast-paced environment, taking initiative to work on new projects and assignments, and remaining proactive to the needs of the business.  ·  Collaborated with senior leadership team and staff to develop/implement plans for the operational infrastructure of technology systems, processes, and personnel designed to accommodate business and technology goals.  ·  Recognized by management for anticipating problems and presenting effective solutions/recommendations, team collaboration and leadership, exceeding work expectations, and consistently delivering outstanding results. Senior IT Manager II / Project Manager COCA COLA REFRESHMENTS - Atlanta, GA February 2011 to April 2015 Assumed full responsibility for displaying leadership and project/technology management skills while serving as IT client engagement PM for a three year program with a $25M budget. Managed multiple projects through the Waterfall and Agile methodology lifecycle. Recruited and led project teams and prepared project documentation required by CCR IT Governance including business case, project charter, statement of work, project schedule, etc.  ·  Oversaw total technology project lifecycle from initiation to close including resource, project, and financial planning, execution and delivery, and management of deliverables, staff, resources, and customer feedback.  ·  Maintained productive relationships and open communication with cross-functional team members throughout the project lifecycle to ensure that project deliverables, requirements, timelines, and objectives were obtained.  ·  Managed and led the Commercial Leadership Application Portfolio roadmap and was fully accountable for all applications developed in SAP CRM, Adobe forms, SQL, and BI Reports as IT deployment project manager.  ·  Coordinated and managed project schedules and timelines as well as worked with team members to understand any issues and focused on bringing them to resolution in order to meet project requirements and deadlines.  ·  Ensured the complete development, training, and management of personnel, participated in hiring decisions, and established performance goals and expectations including the oversight of individual and team performance.  ·  Established a successful track record of managing and completing multiple activities within tight deadlines and constraints, taking initiative to work on challenging projects, and contributing to overall business success. Lead Project Manager BOOZ ALLEN HAMILTON - Atlanta, GA February 2001 to February 2011 Held directly accountable for using well developed project management skills while functioning as the lead project manager for multiple Federal and DoD initiatives. Managed project budgets, resources, and tasks using the Agile software development methodology. Led requirement gathering sessions via facilitated end user workshops and developed schedules, requirements, technical approach, use cases, user interface, and other required documents.  ·  Participated in project meetings for project tracking, analysis, and status reporting as well as coordinated and managed resource allocation to ensure project scope was delivered and timeframes were successfully achieved.  ·  Recruited business analysts, architects, and process modelers for projects and collaborated with clients, business architect, and business analysts to manage and update schedule, tasks, assignments, risks, and status updates.  ·  Demonstrated exemplary analytical, business, and critical thinking skills to develop, conduct, and coordinate high level analyses and to complete reports and presentations that facilitated critical project decision-making.  ·  Managed all aspects of the project lifecycle including facilitating team meetings to define the project, managing project budget, coordinating resources, and communicating project status and milestones to all stakeholders.  ·  Completed key tasks and responsibilities with minimal supervision/direction, established priorities and managed daily workflow, and ensured all activities were performed accurately, thoroughly, and with a sense of urgency.  ·  Conveyed technical issues in easy to understand terms to a wide range of audiences, served as a trusted liaison and facilitator of solutions, and influenced outcomes and decisions for a variety of project related matters. Education M.S. in Information Systems & Telecommunications JOHNS HOPKINS UNIVERSITY - Baltimore, MD May 2004 B.A. in Design HOWARD UNIVERSITY - Washington, DC May 1998 Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) January 2011