IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager Philadelphia, PA Motivated and results-focused Project Manager with more than 10 years of experience spearheading complex and efficient IT projects across a diverse range of industries including government, financial services, retail and education. Experience managing cross functional teams through all project phases to ensure projects are on schedule, and within budget & scope. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager Vanguard - Malvern, PA April 2019 to Present Responsible for managing the migration of Vanguard’s on-prem turret trading system to a cloud based solution.     • Follow all phases of the project life cycle while ensuring that business objectives are delivered with high quality and within targeted timelines.  • Develop and maintain project plan for migration to the cloud system.  • Manage project deliverables utilizing Jira Kanban board.  • Coordinate the activities of project team members including infrastructure architects and network engineers.  • Oversee all project level communication and change management activities in support of all project work streams.  • Assist team with identification and evaluation of potential obstacles and elevate items of high concern to management, focusing on recommended courses of action.  • Conduct weekly meetings with project team and cloud vendor; publish meeting notes and track action items  • Provide bi-weekly project status updates to senior management IT Project Manager City of Philadelphia - Philadelphia, PA October 2016 to April 2019 • Managed $10M project to successfully migrate each City department to the Office 365 Cloud platform which included the migration of over 25,000 on-premise mailboxes to the Office 365 cloud.  • Managed project to upgrade the City’s middleware environment to the current version of SoftwareAg to meet security standards imposed by SalesForce. Project included management of offshore developers and internal OIT resources to stand up new dev, QA and production middleware environments including the development of new code to run the Philly311 platform.  • Successfully lead $3M project to implement CityNet wireless for departments across the City. Project included coordinating physical site surveys, procurement of materials, scheduling of resources, troubleshooting installation issues, and analysis and redesign of current wireless install process.  • Managed $1M project to implement an eDiscovery Platform for the City’s Law Department which previously performed the eDiscovery process manually. Created project charter, defined project team and project schedule. Coordinated and lead requirements gathering sessions for new platform and utilized requirements to research and select chosen vendor and platform.  • Managed project to migrate the Housing Development Authority’s Active Directory Forest into a sub-domain with the City’s Active Directory Forest.  • Prepared business cases, project charters, project plans and status reports.  • Tracked deliverables and monitored progress against milestones.  • Managed dependencies, issues and risks, escalating as needed.  • Lead meetings with project team, business clients and stakeholders.  • Provided weekly status updates to senior management.  • Managed relationships with managers, business clients and technical team leads. IT Project Manager Nine West Holdings, Inc. - Bristol, PA April 2014 to October 2016 •Responsible for managing IT infrastructure projects ensuring that each project is completed within the budget and schedule parameters.  • Project manage initiatives from start to finish, including establishing a scope, developing a timeline, identifying and meeting milestones, managing the budget, anticipating and tracking resources, providing timely updates to stakeholders, and effectively managing cross-functional project teams.  •Coordinate project communications, documenting project issues, risks, and action items.  •Manage project risk and take corrective action to keep projects on time and within budget.  •Lead project meetings.  •Monitor the performance of multiple IT teams to track the progress of projects through all phases to ensure projects are on schedule, and within budget & scope.  •Create and maintain relationships with stakeholders and team members in order to achieve mutual goals.   •Act as technical project liaison between company and its two managed service providers – IBM and DSS.   •Manage VMWare environment consisting of 18 hosts running on a Cisco UCS platform in multiple clusters spanning multiple datacenters housing more than 400 guests.   •Administer multiple Citrix farms running on XenApp 6.5 consisting of over 30 servers.   •Maintain and configure Netscaler MPX and VPX high availability environment consisting of 6 Netscaler pairs running versions 10.1 to 11.0.   •Administer company’s Active Directory which includes administration of Group Policy, DHCP and internal and external DNS.  •Create scripts with Powershell for day-to-day Active Directory administration tasks.   •Build and administer server infrastructure via Windows 2003, 2008 and 2012.   •Develop and maintain technical documentation of systems supported. Project Manager / Systems Administrator Villanova University - Villanova, PA August 2008 to April 2014 •Managed the efforts of multiple IT Teams covering all phases of the SDLC process, including Requirements Gathering, Analysis, Design, Development, QA, UAT, Release, and post-production support.  •Managed project to migrate data center to off-campus data center hosting service.  •Implemented project to migrate from Exchange 2007 to Exchange 2010.  •Actively lead project to consolidate Law School Active Directory and Exchange Environments with main campus environments using tools such as ADMT.  •Lead project to migrate student user population from Exchange 2007 to Google Apps  •Responsible for administration of University’s Enterprise Academic Operations Systems which included: MS Exchange, Active Directory, MS SQL and Citrix XenApp to support an environment of over 10,000 users and 250 servers.  •Provided technical support for VMWARE virtualization technologies with VMware vCenter 5.0, VMware ESXi 5.0, vMotion, HA, DRS; physical to virtual migrations (P2V) and standardization of Virtual Machines with templates.  •Responsible for SAN Administration of EMC Clariion CX4-240 by creating RAID Groups, LUNS and Storage Groups to provision storage.  •Administered University Email System including Exchange 2010 and Google Apps.   •Administered Windows 2008R2 Active Directory Environment.   •Created scripts with Powershell for day-to-day Exchange and Active Directory administration tasks.  •Administered SharePoint 2010 Environment  •Resolved customer technical issues through diligent research and troubleshooting.  •Developed and maintain technical documentation of systems supported. Systems Administrator Merrill Lynch - Hopewell, NJ December 2005 to August 2008 •Built, installed, configured and monitored health of Windows 2000/2003 servers on HP and Dell hardware.  •Applied service packs, security patches, support packs and firmware upgrades to servers as needed.  •Administered IIS 6.0 web servers for firm’s web hosted applications.  •Installed configured, and administered MS SQL clusters servers to maintain high availability.  •Responsible for the day-to-day maintenance of Active Directory including resolution of DC replication issues, and the overall trouble-shooting associated with permissions, GPO processing, and authentication issues.  •Prepared and update documentation to train team members on the documented procedures for support.  •Assisted in the data center migration of firm’s corporate data center from NYC to PA. Education MBA in Information Systems St. Joseph's University - Philadelphia, PA 1994 to 1997 BS in Industrial Engineering Penn State University - University Park, PA 1985 to 1990 Skills SDLC, PMP, PM, Waterfall, Information Technology, Project Management, Kanban (2 years), JIRA (1 year) Certifications/Licenses PMP January 2008 to January 2022 MCSE Present