IT Project Manager and Business Partner <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> and Business Partner IT Project Manager Philadelphia, PA Project Management Professional with proven experience using Agile and Waterfall methodologies to manage and deliver technology projects that increase business value for internal Business Teams. Accomplished at working in a global, fast-paced, matrix environment. Excels at leading global cross-functional teams, building relationships, and collaborating across team boundaries to achieve desired results. Work Experience IT Project Manager and Business Partner GSK - Philadelphia, PA 2016 to May 2019 Strategic liaison between two Corporate Business Groups and IT. Collaborated with Business Leaders to identify technology solutions required to advance business objectives. Prioritized and managed development and implementation projects. Participated in RFP development, vendor selection, and contract negotiations. Led project governance meetings, stand- ups, sprint retrospectives, and after-action reviews. Presented portfolio performance reports to Business Leaders.  • Delivered 12 projects across multiple technologies including SaaS, Web Applications, Conversational AI, Robotic Process Automation, and Sharepoint.  • Reduced the risk of up to $1.5B in fines and penalties for GDPR non-compliance by developing integrated user requirements, test scenarios, and acceptance criteria for a SaaS implementation project.  • Turned around a project struggling with long delivery times and quality issues. Improved vendor product enhancement delivery time to market by 58% (10 weeks) with zero defects at go-live.  • Analyzed and utilized voice of the process (VOP) and voice of the customer (VOC) feedback to reduce business process complexity and improve product usability.  • Managed a security vulnerability mitigation project to protect business critical and sensitive data from exposure.  • Migration and Planning Lead for Windows 10 implementation for 700 Business Team members in 65 countries. IT Project Manager and PMO Financial Controls Manager GSK - Philadelphia, PA 2011 to 2016 Managed the forecasting, budgeting, and financial reporting for global ERP projects. Partnered with PMs to generate business cases for project approval. Challenged and validated project high-level planning assumptions to ensure budgets, resources, and project inter-dependencies aligned with priorities and formed cohesive, achievable plans. Led monthly financial reviews, and weekly PM project status meetings. Identified project financial risks and collaborated with PMs to develop mitigation plans. Created and tracked project/portfolio performance KPIs. Collaborated with Program Leads to identify and implement corrective actions for projects exhibiting significant cost/schedule variances.  • Managed PMO process improvement projects up to $500k.  • Communication and Change Workstream Lead for a strategic program that improved the internal customer self- service experience for 100,000 employees.  • Managed a multi-year strategic program that delivered $45m in savings and decommissioned 1600 applications (48% reduction). Created program KPIs and presented monthly progress dashboards to CIO and IT Leadership.  • Collaborated with 23 self-directed IT Business Process Advisory Groups to craft and deliver 150 Target Application Landscape Strategic Roadmaps. Presented strategic roadmaps at IT Leadership meetings and facilitated discussion  leading to approval.  • Partnered with Finance to simplify PMO financial reporting by establishing and implementing a standard integrated financial and resource reporting process across projects.  • Resource Manager for 15 Project Managers working on global, multi-year ERP projects. Managed resource assignments and allocation of PM costs to projects. Provided guidance to PMs on creation of project budgets. IT Finance Business Partner GSK - Philadelphia, PA 2003 to 2011 Managed the planning, forecasting, and financial reporting for two global IT Teams with combined annual operating expenses of $168m, annual capital spend of $16m, and headcount of 600. Performed monthly accounting close activities in accordance with GAAP and IFRS standards. Presented monthly financial performance reports and forecasts to Finance and IT Leadership. Provided project financial monitoring, reporting, and control.  • Project Finance Lead for a $200m facility construction project. Led bi-weekly project Finance Committee Meetings. Drove resolution of project financial issues and facilitated approval of financial change requests. Provided accurate tracking, reporting, and governance of all project created assets.  • Modeled and analyzed alternate strategies for a five-year strategic contract, resulting in a cost avoidance of $37m.  • Identified and managed financial risks associated with third-party support and service contracts. Education Master Certificate in IT Project Management Villanova University MBA in Finance and Information Technology Rutgers University - Camden, NJ Bachelor of Arts in Economics Rutgers University - New Brunswick, NJ Skills DECISION SUPPORT, RISK MANAGEMENT, PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT, CONTRACT ANALYSIS, BUSINESS PROCESS IMPROVEMENT, BUSINESS CASE, PROCESS IMPROVEMENT, VENDOR SELECTION, Waterfall, SDLC, PM, Agile, Project Management Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/rdilullo Certifications/Licenses Professional Scrum Master, (PSM) expected Aug 2019, Scrum.org Management of Portfolios, Certified Practitioner, APMG-International PRINCE 2, Certified Practitioner, APMG-International Certified Associate in Project Management (CAPM), Project Management Institute (PMI) Six-Sigma Certified Greenbelt, Process Management International Additional Information ADVANCED COMPUTER SKILLS  • Create and maintain detailed project and integrated program workplans in MS Project.  • Manage portfolio tracking, reporting, and resource scheduling using CA Clarity.  • Utilize OneNote and SharePoint Teamsite to manage meetings, maintain portfolio and project documentation and facilitate team collaboration and communication.  • Use Excel advanced features and formulas including vlookup, pivot tables, and logical and text functions.  • Create dynamic visual performance dashboards in Power BI and Qlikview.  • Develop and manage databases and SQL queries in MS Access.