Global IT Program Manager Global <span class="hl">IT</span> Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> Denver, NC Work Experience Global IT Program Manager IBM 2018 to Present Manage portfolio of client relationships for Fortune 250 company performing PC refreshes for 65,000 end users across 14 countries. Develop and align a comprehensive account plan with the customer, documenting customer environment, expectations, priorities, and technology deployment roadmap. Highlight any operations issues unique to the customer's technology deployment and their IT environment to facilitate visibility, risk mitigation, and alignment to best practices. Provide complex metrics and reporting support to all relevant stakeholders including clients, vendors, and C-level executives. Develop and implement solution road maps aligned to the business units' and organization's needs. Facilitate Business Continuity Plan (BCP) and disaster recovery procedures/solutions. Develop and nurture strong global relationships across business lines from vendors to C-level executives. Manage a Global team of 15 project coordinators and PMs in 5 countries.    Key Accomplishments:  • Provided value-added process improvements and vendor engagement enhancements leading to cost savings of $10 M + for 2018.  • Reduced overall process time for requests by 80% leading to significantly improved customer experience and satisfaction. IT Project Manager IBM - Columbia, MO 2017 to 2018 Collaborated with cross-functional teams to oversee IT service delivery including technology and application deployments, hardware and platform migrations, and delivery of streamlined business applications. Implemented process-oriented work streams for service delivery increasing KPIs and improving SLAs. Analyzed, designed, and implemented Enterprise and Business Unit specific applications, defining project objectives and overseeing quality control throughout the project life cycle. Utilized project management experience and iterative systems development life cycle methodologies to deliver the project on time. Successfully managed all aspects of Supply Chain from inception of Customer order and internal demand, through final product distribution, with overall responsibility of Procurement, Logistics, Inventory Management, Operations and Production Control.    Key Accomplishments:  • Implemented automated solution for order management reducing order errors by 90%  • Analyzed client metrics and environment to successfully develop processes delivering client New Hire PC project and seamless integrating IBM procurement and ticket management systems with client procurement systems on-time/on-budget by leading cross-functional teams utilizing project management best practices. IT Project Manager AECOM - Fort Mill, SC 2014 to 2017 Partnered cross-functionally to manage IT service delivery. Designed, developed, and implemented a comprehensive metrics system to monitor service delivery performance (SLAs) and client metrics (KPIs). Supported development and execution of project/application life cycle management, including the design of Enterprise and Business Unit specific applications. Oversaw the launch of solutions and maximized the positive impact on the business unit and organization. Supported effort to consolidate multiple legacy edge GIS environments into a single virtual scalable environment, leading to removal of 15 legacy edge servers and a 40% increase in performance while providing redundancy and disaster recovery. Desktop Support Lead URS Energy and Construction - Fort Mill, SC 2011 to 2014 Collaborated with key stakeholders and project leaders cross-functionally. Proactively identified potential issues and opportunities in a timely manner and drove resolution to avoid customer impact and facilitate continuous improvement. Managed, trained, and mentored on-site and project site coordinators. Coordinated site setup, mobilization, resource management, and special project implementations. Developed, organized, and delivered advanced technical support for 400+ on-site users and 2000+ remote users across multiple products or components. AECOM acquired URS Energy and Construction in 2014. Owner/President Technology Solutions Summitt Consulting - Huntersville, NC 2001 to 2011 Consulted with business leaders and entrepreneurs to design, build, and repair technology systems. Managed and met contract obligations, proactively met the needs of Enterprise Support customers, and resolved customer technical challenges. Built strong working relationship with diverse customer contacts and developed in-depth understanding of customer's business objectives and IT initiatives. Prepared, organized, and technical training documentation and programs instrumental in increasing productivity for customers and clients. Education Bachelor of Science in Information Technology University of Phoenix 2014 to Present Aircraft Mechanics United States Army Aviation Logistics School - Fort Eustis, VA February 1993 to August 1993 Skills Html, Javascript, Saas, Citrix, Vmware, Flash, Sql, Budgeting, Forecasting, Strategic planning, Budgeting/forecasting, Process improvement, Relationship management, Microsoft office, Agile, Visio, Project Management Links http://linkedin.com/in/keith-summitt Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) October 2017 to Present ITIL v3 October 2012 to Present CompTIA A+ July 2011 to Present CompTIA Network+ October 2012 to October 2019 MCITP October 2011 to Present MCTS: Windows 7, Configuration October 2011 to Present MCPS: Microsoft Certified Professional October 2011 to Present Safety Trained Supervisor July 2015 to July 2021