Director, Information Technology Director, Information Technology IT Professional Gahanna, OH Work Experience Director, Information Technology I Am Boundless - Worthington, OH July 2016 to Present Charged with spearheading a shift in the IT climate and implementing new technology solutions throughout the organization.  • Provide leadership and vision for the IT department including strategic planning of information systems.  • Develop and manage departmental budget.  • Organize all IT functions around partnerships to better support business unit goals.  • Direct all information technology and network system deployment and maintenance including all IT  infrastructure, wireless communications, PC systems, local networks and mobile environment.  • Manage IT training for IT staff members and end user training on software and desktop systems.  • Create operational policies, procedures, standards, guidelines and best practices.  • Recruit, hire and train IT staff, project managers, engineer and network administrators.  • Oversee department meetings with staff leads and managers to ensure continuity of information systems  support and goal attainment.  • Ensure project completion by coordinating resources and timetables with user departments, IT staff and consultants.  • Assess new innovative technologies, mission critical systems, security, communications and business continuity. IT Manager Franklin County Auditor - Columbus, OH 2015 to 2016 Crafted policies and procedures to guide daily IT operations, system and software utilization, and the manner in which services  were delivered to the agency. Led the IT team to become a service-centric resource for agency-wide end-users.    • Led short and long-range planning critical to ensuring the department was equipped with the knowledge and resources to support existing and emerging organizational needs.  • Defined priorities and projects key to the maintenance of computer systems and software, effectively balancing  business needs with IT capabilities, budgets, and resource availability.  • Directed training for IT staff and end-users, identifying professional development needs, targeted coaching and development and ensuring all staff were equipped with the knowledge and tools to excel in their roles.  • Researched, recommended and implemented procedural improvements, driving a best-practices environment  where teams across the agency were driven to improve efficiencies, effectiveness, productivity, and service. IT Support Manager BRICKER & ECKLER LLP - Columbus, OH 2008 to 2015 Developed first-time processes and systems, documented step-by-step guidelines, and created end-user training resources to drive  continuous improvement, optimal service and support, maximum productivity, procedural compliance, and consistency.    Gahanna, Ohio • 614.260.3619 • tkbailey14@gmail.com    • Managed technical support operations, leveraging IT service desk best practices and process frameworks - based on ITIL  Standards - to drive continuous performance improvement.  • Oversaw troubleshooting efforts, identification of root causes, and implementation of corrective actions to prevent issue  recurrence.  • Documented processes and developed first-time end-user training manuals; defined procedures critical to ensuring  a seamless transition following application upgrades and legacy system decommissioning.  • Managed a $2.1M budget as Interim CIO (2010-2011), driving a 10% reduction in expenses through software  maintenance and IT contract management. Led the IT team in executing service and support functions efficiently and effectively. Project Analyst BRICKER & ECKLER LLP - Columbus, OH 2006 to 2008 Served as a liaison between technical and nontechnical stakeholders while championing mission-critical information  technology projects, and ensuring alignment of firm, practice, and IT priorities. Analyzed and identified user requirements, evaluating information from diverse sources, reconciling conflicts, and distilling project plans and desired outcomes.    • Identified opportunities to drive continuous improvement, spearheading software upgrades, technology migrations, and working in tandem with key business stakeholders to translate business requirements into technical solutions.  • Developed, reviewed, and edited requirements, specifications, business processes and recommendations related to a proposed solution.  • Evaluated information gathered from multiple sources, reconciled conflicts, and decomposed high-level information  into details; working with other analysts and programmers on translation of business requirements into technical  solutions. Network/Systems Support Specialist BRICKER & ECKLER LLP - Columbus, OH 2001 to 2006 Served as a first point of contact and technical issue resolution    • Facilitated end-user training.  • Ensured availability of technology resources to support firm operations. Education MBA OHIO DOMINICAN UNIVERSITY 2005 Bachelor of Science in (BS), Information Systems FRANKLIN UNIVERSITY 1999 Skills Customer Service, Exchange, Vendor Management, Excel, Itil, Strategic Planning, Network Administration Certifications/Licenses ITILv3 Present