IT Specialist <span class="hl">IT</span> Specialist IT Specialist - NETWORK ENTERPRISE CENTER Dixon, MO Work Experience IT Specialist NETWORK ENTERPRISE CENTER - Fort Leonard Wood, MO June 2019 to Present Full time - 40 hours per week)  • Assigned IAT Level II technician for the FLW network.  • Aligned with all DOD-8570 guidelines for System Administrator eligibility.  • Diagnose and resolve problems in response to customer reported incidents on a daily basis.  • Research, evaluate and provide feedback on problematic trends and patterns in customer support environment.  • Develop and maintain problem tracking and resolution database on each work order completed.  • Perform daily tasks that consist of installing, configuring, troubleshooting, and maintaining customer hardware and software.  • Provide customer training on software and hardware.  • Complete customer work order requests in a timely manner.  • Assist other technicians on my team with challenging work orders in order to meet deadlines.  • Perform DISA Security Technical Implementation Guides (STIG's) on eligible workstations and printers per the FLW NEC policy.  • Asses RMF stipulations on all software packages per FLW NEC guidelines. Project Manager (G6 IT Support) TALLGRASS TECHNOLOGY SERVICES - Fort Leonard Wood, MO July 2017 to June 2019 Full time - 50-60 hours per week)  • Project Manager, in charge of all operations for the G6 IT Support contract.  • Responsible for planning and scheduling the installation of new or modified hardware and operating systems and software.  • Communicated with, coached and coordinated all employees on the project.  • Clearly communicated all difficulties and problems discovered to the appropriate Government personnel in order to resolve them in least amount of time possible.  • Analyzed and strategized effective business practices in order to assist upper management in several forms of financial decreases.  • Perform daily administrative tasks for the project, including new employee in-processing as well as keeping all employees current on required training.  • Resolve multiple hardware/software problems in training environments on a daily basis.  • Managed and maintained systems configurations.  • Managed the installation and integration of systems fixes, updates and enhancements on the NIPR and MCASP networks.  • Completing thorough and accurate work independently on a daily basis. Also responsible for reviewing all work completed by employees on the contract.  • Responsible for sending Weekly, Monthly and Yearly progress reports to the Government on the status of the project. All reports and deadlines have been met on time or before.  • Resolve non-routine problems, questions and complaints on a daily basis.  • Developed strong and mutual relationship with the customer (US Army) while serving as Project Manager for this project.  • Resolving complex and time sensitive problems on a daily basis.  • Assist users of all different levels of understanding in solving problems in order to continue classroom training.  • Coordinate and strategize with MCASP system administrators on techniques for applying STIG's to windows systems on the MCASP network.  • Manage user and student accounts in Active Directory on a daily basis.  • Install and schedule for multiple workstations to be modified or reimaged on a daily basis, along with planning out software installation on the workstations.  • Perform advanced System Administrator functions on a daily basis across multiple areas on the network.  • Assist our MCASP Server and Network team with advanced troubleshooting on multiple server and network related issues on a daily basis. Senior IT Technician IAT Level II SNVC, LLC - Fairfax, VA March 2015 to June 2017 Full time - 40 hours per week)  • Responsible for oversight of the G6 Help Desk section on Fort Leonard Wood as the Senior IT Technician where I was responsible for support and maintenance of 5,000+ computers on the NIPRNET, plus another 2,000 systems on the MCASP Intranet used for CPOF training. As the Sr. Technician, I served as not only the lead technician on advanced trouble tickets, but also as the managing supervisor of other technicians and two IT Coordinators.  • Implemented testing of the Windows 10 operating system to detect any issues or vulnerabilities within the operating system on classroom workstations. Provided detailed report to the COR regarding the issues that were discovered and the suggestions for resolving the issues. The Windows 10 operating system is currently being deployed across the NIPRNET on Fort Leonard Wood due to the testing that the technicians and I performed under my guidance.  • Install, configure, and test PCs/workstations/ laptops/ printers/faxes/phones in accordance with established policies and procedures. Physically transport and replace PCs/workstations/ laptops/ printers/faxes/phones to areas within MSCoE and joining the PCs, workstations, and laptops to the .NANW Domain.  • Provided excellent customer service for the client (US ARMY)  • Advanced hardware troubleshooting/repair of desktop and laptop workstations  • Provided guidance and assistance with all advanced A/V troubleshooting and repair on all classroom equipment.  • I was the sole technician responsible with providing reports on issues that needed escalated to either the Crestron programming team or the local NEC at Fort Leonard Wood.  • System Administration - software updates, IAVA compliance  • Active Directory Administration  • SCCM Administration/configuration/deployment  • Coordinate technicians on current trouble tickets.  • Create SOP's (standard operating procedures) and provide detailed training for advanced A/V and computer issues.  • Installed and Terminated CAT-5 and CAT-6 cable daily.  • Provide complete training to end users on the systems we support.    Things I have accomplished while serving as Senior IT Technician:  • Lead technician over multiple weekend War Fighter exercises at the Digital Training Facility. Received recognition and award from the Post Commanding General due to the extent of excellent service I provided.  • Assisted in facilitation of re-write of PWS for IT/AV Support contract with FLW G6  • Reconfigured a java issue with a .mil training site to save the Government from purchasing new training material for a motor-pool course.  • Trained and developed SOP for using and troubleshooting NIPR VTC equipment for technicians and end users.  • Assisted HR with interviewing and hiring of IT technicians for the task.  • Assisted the migration to x64bit version of Windows 7 on all 5,000+ computers supported by this contract. IT Technician EVERY BLOOMING THING - Waynesville, MO January 2012 to March 2015 Full time - 40 hours per week)  • Installed and configured network system components for business day to day operations  • Installed and Administrated wireless network  • Installed, configured and maintained IP security camera system  • Installed, configured and maintained Ethernet credit card processors  • Configured and maintained multiline phone systems  • Installed and configured accounting software Electrician TORGESON ELECTRIC - Topeka, KS June 2010 to December 2011 Full time - 40 hours per week)  • Followed U.S. Army Corps of Engineer blueprints to provide electrical power to newly constructed buildings.  • Installed and wired transformers, lighting systems, and PA systems  • Bent and installed metal conduit to run wires in throughout the buildings according to blueprints and codes  • Supervised up to 20 apprentice electricians when the site Foreman was absent.  • Fluent in wiring diagrams and color codes IT Specialist DIRECTORATE OF INFORMATION MANAGEMENT - Fort Leonard Wood, MO June 2008 to September 2009 Full time - 40 hours per week)  • Assigned System Administrator for the Directorate of Information Management to perform Information Assurance Technical Level duties  • Enforced system access, operation, maintenance, and disposition requirements. Ensured that personnel met required security investigations, clearance, authorization, mission requirement, and supervisory approval before granting access to the information system  • Ensured Configuration Management included all pertinent patches and fixes by routinely reviewing vendor sites, bulletins, and notifications and proactively updating systems with fixes, patches, definitions, and service packs with IAM or IAPM approval  • Repaired numerous computers every day, ranging from software troubleshooting to replacing motherboards Education Diploma DIXON HIGH SCHOOL Skills Comptia, Information Technology, Desktop Support, Network Support, Computer Repair, Help Desk, It Specialist, Secret Clearance Certifications/Licenses CompTIA Security+ May 2015 to May 2021 Renewed in 2018. MCTS November 2015 to Present MCP November 2015 to Present VMware VSphere Certified Professional 5