IT Agile Project Manager - Mobile/Remote <span class="hl">IT</span> Agile <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> - Mobile/Remote IT Agile Project Manager - Mobile/Remote Work Experience IT Agile Project Manager - Mobile/Remote IBM - Leawood, KS May 2015 to September 2015 Private Cloud Professional Services    Contributions: Ensured full corporate governance and on-time and budget compliant delivery of Private Cloud Implementation Services, and Software as a Service (SaaS), Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS), Platform as a Service (PaaS) projects, boosting accuracy, security, and efficiency across all IT resources.    Achievements:  • Eliminated bottlenecks resulting from manual setups of Cloud Pre-Sales provisioning, as well as, reducing capital expenditures, enhancing staffing efficiency, and facilitated increased business agility through implementation of SaaS, IaaS, and PaaS integrated cloud environment  • Provided Worldwide International customer support service of client projects.  • Used CAMSS and Rational Collaborative Lifecycle Management Tool Suite. Project Manager RIFFEL TECHNICAL MANAGEMENT - Leawood, KS July 2010 to May 2015 Contributions: Provided technical project program management, and electronics systems engineering solutions to information technology and aviation related companies. Acts as expert technical customer support service resource to programming staff in the program development, testing, and implementation process    Achievements:  Applied Project Management Body of Knowledge (PMBOK) discipline for Program Management Process Groups including initiation, planning, execution, monitoring and control, and close out. Applied Primavera software P3.  • Applied Microsoft Azure Office 365 Cloud Suite, Microsoft Office Suite, as an Excel Super User  • Implemented cloud infrastructure with Microsoft Office 365 Azure and Google Maps  • Gained skills with Content Management Systems (SharePoint), Learning Management Systems (Schoology) and Microsoft Products: Project Schedule, Office Suite, SharePoint, Visio, and Agile Certified Practioner.  • Enhanced knowledge of Industry Leaders, and Tracking Industry Trends, Participating in Industry Discussion  • Occasionally participated 20 to 30 hours/week at Freelancing in workshop, seminars, webinars/conferences. Operational Program Manager FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION - Fort Worth, TX November 2003 to July 2010 Fort Worth, Texas 11/2003 to 07/2010  Central Service Area / Technical Operations, Kansas City, Missouri  Operational Program Manager    Contributions & Achievements:  Applied Project Management discipline for Program Management Process Groups including initiation, planning, execution, monitoring and control, and close out, utilizing Microsoft Project Schedule.    • Action: Developing and launching a single-server automated requirements collection program, the Needs Assessment Program (NAP) [Microsoft Excel based] that allowed all personnel to enter requirements. Result: Reduced schedule and funds on over 3,000 projects annually to meet Congressional deadlines.  • Action: Developed and implemented a more cost-efficient single-server automated system for collaborative national operations work plan project execution, the Project Execution Strategy System (PRESS) [Microsoft Excel based]. Result: Supported over 500 annual operational requirements from 11 districts valued at over $10 million total.  • Action: Applied Microsoft project to measure project baselines to communicate status to division management included as part of the role of Government Technical Interpreter (GTI) coordinating Task Order Projects with the National Implementation Support Contactor (NISC) Task Order Manager (TOM) and writing and providing performance evaluations of contractor employees assigned to the operations program management position.  Provided operational oversight and interact with airport air traffic stakeholders and leadership. Result: The contactor project team delivered solutions to systems integration projects balancing the technical discipline of cost, scope, and schedule. professional manner. Applied FAA Order 1370.52D-Information Resource Policy. Regional Associate Program Manager FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION - Kansas City, MO February 1993 to November 2003 Kansas City, Missouri 02/1993 to 11/2003  Central Region, Airways Facilities Division, Planning and Programming Branch  Regional Associate Program Manager    Contributions & Achievements:  Applied Project Management discipline for Program Management Process Groups including initiation, planning, execution, monitoring and control, and close out, utilizing MS Project Schedule/Primavera.    • Action: Coordinated integration of Scott Air Force Base Airspace into the FAA NAS for the ST Louis Air Traffic Control Tower (ATCT)/En Route Air Traffic Control Center (Data Center equivalent), to accommodate high-risk remote analog radar ASR-8 via TML from Scott AFB to FAA STL ATC. Results: DOD and FAA collaboration on the new low risk digital ASR-9 airport surveillance radar requirement was completed within a 30-month schedule and at a cost of $7.8M.  • Action: Development and Implementation of the a highly complex Radar Siting System (RSS) Tool, hosted by a Linux based Computer capable of siting radars on a desktop PC for potential radar sites. Results: Replaced the original costly method with hosted GIS software using digital identification of cultural environments, resulting in $100,000 in savings per site and accelerating the schedule by six months.  • Action: Initiated Engineering change proposals to install a Facility Uninterruptable Power Supply (UPS) for the Terminal Doppler Weather Radar (TDWR) & Integrated Terminal Weather System (ITWS), Results: With the approval to install Facility Uninterruptable Power Supply (UPS) and ITWS, Airline flights can fly through all kinds of stormy weather with ITWS use of Data Analytics. Education Project Management Professional Science - Electrical Engineering University of Kansas - Lawrence, KS Computer Applications & IT Johnson County Community College - Overland Park, KS Skills PM, Agile Scrum Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/leland-riffel Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) April 2011 to April 2023 From Project Management Institute.org