IT Engineer/ Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Engineer/<span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Engineer/ Project Manager Morgan Hill, CA Work Experience IT Engineer/ Project Manager Cisco Systems 2015 to December 2018 Managed all projects during this time as well as concentrating on support of our main service, global DNS/DHCP  • Problem resolution and consultancy in DNS and DHCP. Provided OnCall support. Worked with multiple business units on DNS configuration and strategies to maximize performance.  • System administration, systems management, troubleshooting for enterprise-wide DNS and DHCP infrastructure.  • Developed infrastructure solutions for large enterprise deployments, spanning all OSI layers, supporting a user-base of hundreds of thousands.  • Much of the work is on an international basis, with teams and colleagues in all continents and almost all time zones.  • Linux based application management, monitoring, and performance tuning on 500+ Servers.  • Planned and executed Cisco's global DCHP resiliency managing multiple teams outside of our organization. This was critical in reducing any chance for a DHCP outage in any global time zone.  • Planned, scheduled, and participated in multiple hardware upgrades of production servers on multiple platforms including Sun, HP, and UCS. CISCO SYSTEMS - San Jose, CA 1997 to 2018 Project Manager 2002 to 2015 • Managed the racking and stacking of servers and network equipment and provided full troubleshooting and hardware repair for Cisco's internal servers worldwide.  • Built and maintained software developers' workstations including all upgrades.  • Built and maintained a lab environment with multiple server types for software development team. This included managing all networking and power as well as the design layout.  • Created PO's and ordered hardware for upgrades and facilitated shipment and installation of servers/network hardware for 13 global sites.  • Built out the infrastructure once it was installed and ensured it was production ready.  • Coordinated and scheduled all meetings and change requests for group and tracked progress on all projects and reported status to management, to ensure timely completion of all projects.  • Created and maintained dynamic Roadmap for the team and management to keep all projects on schedule as well as prioritizing the teams path.  • Traveled to multiple global site and reconfigured multiple racks of servers and network equipment for maximum throughput and efficiency.    • Supported multiple Critical applications for in house built Cisco tools including but not limited to; systems monitoring, paging, data collection, web servers and database servers.  • Built and supported platform for Science logic servers. Also populated Science logic during transition from in house tool.    Roles Prior to 2002 include:  Unix/Linux system administrator - Maintained/troubleshot/deployed/upgraded servers & systems. Implemented HP OpenView for the monitoring of our production servers.  Operations lead - Monitored all business critical servers and applications and managed escalations for outages and issues from onset to resolution. Communicated all critical outages and business-impacting cases to senior management. Education Computer Science De Anza College - Cupertino, CA Skills Team management, Optimization, Risk management, PMP Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/james-ramon Additional Information AREAS OF EXPERTISE  Process Optimization Performance Reporting Stakeholder Relations Scope Control  Risk Management Team management    TECHNICAL SUMMARY  Science Logic Service Now Unix/Linux IPAM DNS Bind DHCP CNR Cisco IOS  Agile JIRA Kanban GIT Word Excel Power Point