Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager - Healthcare Implementations Columbia, SC A seasoned Project Manager with over 10 years of experience in a wide range of Cerner Millennium applications and implementations. Provided leadership and Project Management oversight for large scale workflow, change management, training, adoption, and activation planning for both small and large facilities implementing Cerner Millennium either full scale or by module. Innovative and results oriented with a passion for building relationships and exceeding client and management expectations. Strong working relationships with clinicians, analyst and managers with effective communication across all levels of an organization. Success in the areas of project management, operations, new product implementation and organizational readiness. Provides strong client advocacy while maintaining balanced vendor relationships. Work Experience Project Manager Wake Forest Baptist Medical Center - Winston-Salem, NC January 2019 to March 2019 January 2019 - March 2019    Responsible to guide and manage activities around multiple projects in the clinical lab space in preparation for CAP (College of American Pathologists) Certification that impact both clinical outcomes as well as business initiatives.  Led review sessions with Manager, Directors and Associate Directors to crosswalk policies to CAP standards.  Directed work, followed-up on progress, implement necessary policies to meet standards and disseminate policies to be reviewed and signed off by employees.  Ensure instrument testing tasks were completed, documented and interfaced appropriately. The hospital is utilizing Epic with the exception of the lab which is using Cerner's PathNet suite of solutions.  Ongoing review of crosswalk to look for opportunities to standardize to one policy across multiple sessions. Ambulatory Project Manager LifePoint Health - Columbus, GA October 2017 to December 2018 Engaged with many areas within the organization to align key stakeholders, increase awareness of various change initiatives and drive business results  Influenced key stakeholders without direct authority  Utilized the change management process and toolkit, identified stakeholders, impacts and develop change mitigation strategies and tools  Supported the creation and sustainment of a change management practice within and across the organization to create employee readiness and engagement  Led the assessment and execution of change impact of moving to a new EHR platform  Support the design, development, management, and delivery of communications interfacing with Corporate Communications Senior IT Project Manager Palmetto Health Information Technology - Columbia, SC October 2014 to October 2017 Project Manager - Palmetto Health University of South Carolina Medical Group (PHUSCMG).  Led the strategic plan to transform clinical and administrative systems to ensure quality of care, parity and operational efficiency and effectiveness for the medical group made up of 118 practices and 15 specialties.  Cerner Anesthesia - Project Manager implementing Cerner's SurgiNet Anesthesia module across five Palmetto Health Hospital Operation Departments and Ambulatory Surgery Centers. As an umbrella project to the perioperative suite, project tracked PACU Documentation, CPOE Order Entry and C-Section and Scheduling implications.  Project Manager for McKesson Homecare Horizon Application supporting Home Health, Hospice, Private Services and Palliative Care in two locations. Project Manager - Program Management Office Baystate Health System - Springfield, MA May 2013 to June 2014 Developed policies and procedures for the Program Management Office (PMO) to support the objects of the division. Directed the rollout out of a new Project Portfolio Management system to maintain all project activities and reporting them to Senior Leadership  Managed work efforts and deliverables for Baystate Medical Practices, an optimization project, for the installed Cerner Ambulatory application, clinical systems and related processes and operations across 83 ambulatory clinics, practices and ambulatory centers.  Directed designated SMEs, IT analysts and vendor architects with successful results in the completion of data collection, design, build (system review, and validation), and analysis of additional required data set utilizing Cerner implementation strategy, methodology, and tools (MethodM, Data Collection Worksheets, Design Decision Matrix, Discrete Task Assay, Bedrock, Cerner Knowledge Manager, Discern Explorer, START Database, and Open House).  Facilitated workflow sessions, review of work plan deliverables and tasks with providers, informatics and IT analysts.  Directed project review sessions with team leaders for project scope change requirements, resource issues, risks, project document updates, changes and communicated them with impacted stakeholders and Cerner.  Collaborated with Cerner for application interface and integration requirements.  Developed a governance structure from the optimization team level to the executive steering committee.  Demonstrated superior inter-personal skills, conflict resolution, negotiating skills and ensured open communication across all project teams.  Handled broad-based, often complex, communication for both internal and external audiences. Senior IT Project Manager Palmetto Health Information Technology - Columbia, SC 2008 to April 2013 Develop organizational readiness and staffing plans to support project go-live activities.  Develop, maintained and communicated cut-over planning for projects to support go-live activities.  Build and maintained orders within the order catalog including Care Set and Power Plan building.  Implementation leader for FetaLink including CareAware functionality.  Led IT and operational staff through all phases of system and integrated testing, including issue resolution and final signoffs for Cerner Millennium products.  Experienced leading requirements definition, system testing, training and go-live support.  Direct testing workshops and manage test script development of test scripts to accurately reflect changes to code levels and the impact on operational workflow.  Communicate Testing plans to management and operational users. Senior Team Lead Palmetto Health Information Technology - Columbia, SC 2010 to 2013 Developed project plans and devised stop-gap measures for ensuring high impact workflows communicated across the health system.  Developed and executed patient build plan for multiple non-production environments to support build, training and testing activities for both short- and long-term plans.  Facilitated both multidisciplinary and specialty teams in understanding available options and impacts which resulted in project and departmental decisions.  Interact with customers both internal and external to gather project requirements and act as liaison between project team and executive oversight committee.  Simultaneously led several complex projects with varied, multiple deliverables, team members and audiences requiring ongoing prioritization and relationship management.  Developed and managed timelines for all projects including organizational readiness, go-live conversion planning and support plans.  Communicate consolidated project milestones and deliverables for readiness.  Workflow design, implementation, testing and management experience.  Maintain and update project status report and ran weekly status meetings. Cerner Millennium RadNet Analyst Palmetto Health Information Technology - Columbia, SC 2006 to 2008 Led the development of a Cardiology workflow using RadNet functionality including design, build and testing of functionality which included interfacing to Charge Services.  Developed processes and procedures to be carried out by support staff in deployment of new systems to include training and maintenance.  Work with technologists and support staff to analyze current workflow integration, order entry and report generation, to map out new processes to be followed in preparation for system wide CPOE.  Support included the following Cerner applications: FirstNet, SurgiNet and Enterprise Scheduling. As part of the ancillary team responsibilities also included issue identification and assessment for Nursing Documentation, Physician Documentation, Charging and Orders/CPOE and tracking boards. Education M.B.A. New Hampshire College - Manchester, NH 1992 B.S. in Business Administration University of New Hampshire - Durham, NH 1989 Skills Project Management (10+ years), Managerial Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) June 2019 to June 2022 Driver's License