Independent Technical Consultant Independent Technical Consultant Kissimmee, FL Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Independent Technical Consultant June 2015 to Present • Technical Consultant  • Working as a Part Time Independent IT Consultant providing Web Development Technical processes to hotel resorts / small business. International Internet Gaming Manager Trump Taj Mahal November 2013 to June 2015 • New Jersey Key Gaming License Valid 5/2019  • Worked with BETFAIR (Software Vendor) on software requirements for their On-line Gaming Application.  • Worked on software compliance issues with BETFAIR and the New Jersey Division of Gaming Enforcement.  • Worked with final implementation of project plan.  • Worked with BETFAIR and the Division Of Gaming Enforcement on installation of the software package on the As400 hardware Server, along with mandated backup and recovery procedures.  • Worked with BETFAIR with encountered software irregularities prior to Go-Live.  • Assisted fine tuning GEO Location software for State boundaries. Executive Sales Agent Front Gate Realty February 2011 to November 2013 Prepared documents such as contracts, purchase agreements, closing statements, deeds and leases. Worked with Title companies, lenders, home inspectors, and pest control operators to ensure that terms and conditions of purchased agreements are met prior to closing dates. Executive Sales Agent Hartford Insurance Co September 2010 to August 2012 Hartford Insurance Co - Presented and discussed current Hartford Insurance policies to potential clients and explained the long and short term benefits. Presented the signed contracts to corporate for approval and billing. Presented approved Policy to client and reviewed for any follow-up questions. IT Project Manager Ciber November 2009 to March 2010 • Coordinated Management of 6 team members in supporting Software enhancements and modifications for Disney's 24 hotel properties and 5 Disney Vacation Club properties.  • Used change management application to track and schedule installation of all updated code modifications.  • Simultaneously oversaw, developed and launched three software projects written in RPGIV utilizing the IBM As400. IT Project Manager Wyndham Vacation Ownership November 2006 to October 2009 • Promoted advanced technology solutions leading architecture, constructed teams to construct a complex $6M -bill-collecting application integration project tracking real-time client payment data.  • Worked with modifying the integrated Night Audit procedures to ensure a successful implementation between the other Sales Applications.  • Worked with in-house contractors along with an off-shore team of developers in collaborating the various project tasks and integration points required.  • Worked with the Testing team on integration testing and system response time Solutions. IT Project Manager Walt Disney Parks & Resorts October 1996 to November 2006 • Managed 28 staff / contractors in new development and enhancement effort of Disney's Property Management Software and Disney Vacation Club Software Applications for 28 hotel properties.  • Worked on development and implementation of new integrated technology software implemented on a Hand Held computer to support checking in Guest remotely when arriving at hotel property.  • Responsible for the 7 x 24 support team. This team consisted of 8 rotating members that would respond to support tickets that were called in by the Cast Members located in the various Hotel Properties.  • Mitigated risks, established backup plans, initiated development of all processes, and built and tested a sound disaster recovery plan for use by all hotel properties.  • Increased efficiency and reduced costs, with designing and supervising development of a Support Ticket Help Application, with a knowledge base assessable at all Disney locations worldwide, providing immediate information on how to quickly solve basic tickets received.  • Assisted with designing a new Property Management Application, working through existing functional specifications to create new functional requirements recommended by cast members utilizing the current application.  • Traveled extensively for 3 years, to Hong Kong, opening two new hotels, at Disney's new Park & Resort. Implemented Payroll, Property Management and Point Of Sale applications. Scheduled and assisted with training for 250 team members. Director Financial IT Systems Sands Hotel & Casino - Atlantic City, NJ February 1985 to September 1996 Selected hardware and implemented Property Management, Point of Sale, Call Accounting, In-Room Movie and Financial AP/AR/Payroll and GL applications in all of our 13 domestic and international properties. Established procedures to retrieve GL data from all properties during anytime of the month to be transmitted back to corporate for review. Supervised, trained and developed a staff of 8 direct reports on all systems and support processes. Applications written in RPG lll, RPG IV, Hardware was System 38 and IBM Iseries servers. Education A.S in Graduate Florida Technical College - Kissimmee, FL October 2016 Skills DISASTER RECOVERY (10+ years), APPLICATION INTEGRATION (3 years), ENTERPRISE APPLICATION (3 years), INTEGRATION (3 years), INTEGRATOR (3 years) Additional Information Areas of Expertise  • Project Management • Hospitality  • Software Development Lifecycle  • System Performance Management  • Process Development Improvement  • Enterprise Application Integration  • Disaster Recovery    • Network Security  • Wireless Network Design & Security  • Strategic Planning  • HTML5/CSS  • Bootstrap3