IT Manager/Security Officer <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>/Security Officer IT Manager/Security Officer - Shiawassee Health and Wellness Kawkawlin, MI I am a high energy, detail oriented team player able to work independently. I am looking for a challenging position. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Manager/Security Officer Shiawassee Health and Wellness June 2013 to Present Duties: ? Developed new internal IT help desk ? Delivers exceptional help desk support for complex issues ? Manages IT vendor relationships ? Achieves consistently high customer feedback ? Initiates, designs and executes all major IT hardware and software enhancements ? Represents organization in statewide CIO Forum ? Adheres to requirements from local, state and national governing bodies ? Creates and Maintains departmental policy and procedure ? Develops and refines internal IT budget for best resource utilization ? Writes and updates the organization IT technology, systems and risk plan ? Builds significant improvements into IT infrastructure resulting in 100% network availability and run time improvements of 500%  Significant Accomplishments: ? Leads large Electronic Medical Records implementation project ? Implements new accounting software application (MS Dynamics GP) ? Exceeds expectations through the development and implementation of new cloud desktop solution ? Participates in selection and roll out of new 457B retirement plan IT Project Manager/ IT Systems and Operations Manger ITSO Technologies November 2012 to June 2013 Duties: ? Manages projects for local community mental health organizations ? Resolves issues escalated from the help desk ? Directs activities of technical staff ? Analyzes system requirements for new development and enhancements ? Installs new workstation and phone hardware on demand  Significant Accomplishments: ? Creates infrastructure redesign proposal to replace aging hardware ? Engineers new company website featuring cloud computing model ? Implements 401(k) retirement plan resulting in 70% lower costs ? Develops company profitability presentation leading to 5% revenue increase   1 Technical Support Specialist Hospice Advantage February 2012 to November 2012 Duties: ? Manages projects of limited scope and time for compressed implementations ? Troubleshoots data and voice network incidents finding the root cause of the issues allowing for the implementation of permanent corrective action ? Installs and maintains a fleet of Wyse and HP thin clients ? Maintains Active Directory for hundreds of users ? Utilizes the features and functionality of SQL Server and MySQL to deliver superior solutions that exceed customer requirements ? Creates and modifies programs written in C# and PHP utilizing Visual Studio and NetBeans ? Logs all trouble tickets in Spiceworks ticketing tool ? Delivers training to all levels of the organization on the CRM Call Log ? Installs printers locally and from the print server ? Resolves all printing, faxing and copying issues ? Configures and syncs all corporate smart phones ? Loads images on corporate standard laptop ? Unravels VPN and wireless issues to restore full functionality ? Performs remote support using Teamviewer, UltraVNC and join.me ? Responds to all requests for assistance with the CareVoyant patient system  Significant Accomplishments: ? Configures and ships Trixbox phone systems with zero defects ? Completes intense training program that encompasses programming, networking, servers, phone system and PC support ? Establishes business relationships with area IT vendors ? Manages vendor activities after power outage disaster to restore full functionality ? Builds departmental best practices repository in MS OneNote enabling a 50% increase in tickets processed ? Recovers MS Outlook PST data files after Exchange server crash resulting in no lost email ? Creates an atmosphere of trust and cooperation with teammates by demonstrating respect and sacrifice for others IT Project Manager and IT Supervisor Dow Chemical Employees' Credit Union July 2006 to February 2012 Duties: ? Develops IT service process that effectively manages all requests for programming changes ? Analyzes programming and network service requests to develop solutions that exceed requirements ? Manages programming and infrastructure projects for the entire Credit Union ? Derives budget by utilizing previous history, metrics and planned expenditures ? Communicates departmental activities to all affected parties ? Orients new employees to IT and instructs them on how to engage IT resources ? Responds to auditor compliance requests with reports and data ? Creates project schedules that effectively identify the tasks and people necessary to accomplish the mission or project scope   2 ? Approves requests to implement programming changes ? Gathers requirements for major programming requests ? Prioritizes project requests with senior leadership and project stakeholders ? Enforces manual departmental configuration management process ? Negotiates supplier contracts that allow for a win/win relationship ? Creates and enforces software change request process to address scope creep and missed schedules ? Identifies risk so that it can be avoided, transferred or mitigated ? Utilizes organization project management methodology ? Embraces the full functionality of MS Project  Significant Accomplishments: ? Manages project to implement Multi-Factor Authentication software to protect member data resulting in nearly 100% protection of data ? Implements new phone system on time and within budget with zero defects ? Leads Redundant Internet Project to successful implementation allowing for 99.99% up time and 100% data security ? Overcomes all obstacles allowing for a successful implementation of the Meridian Link web enabled consumer loan application ? Installs broadband access to TransUnion credit reports and formats automatic feed to loan applications ? Resolves issues with the assessment of Visa ISA foreign currency conversion fees saving the Credit  Union over $100,000 in lost fees ? Develops rate change process that eliminates errors ? Completes new Disaster Recovery Building project delivering a superior recovery point objective (RPO) and recovery time objective (RTO) for most of our business process ? Develops significant portions of the Disaster Recovery and Business Continuity plan ? Passes PMP exam on the first attempt ? Completes project management track at New Horizons Learning Centers ? Directs the installation of new organizational SAN reducing document retrieval times by nearly 1000% Computer Analyst Pride and Country Village February 2003 to July 2006 Duties: ? Develops Transact-SQL user-defined stored procedures in MS SQL Server ? Manages the entire computing environment for multi-million dollar company ? Leads projects to successful implementations ? Installs various computing devices, operating systems, software, releases and patches to meet user requirements ? Receives and logs all incoming calls for technical assistance ? Troubleshoots all PC hardware and software errors and implements permanent corrective action ? Delivers information technology to exceed documented user requirements ? Focuses on customer satisfaction ? Optimizes run time performance on all network devices ? Prepares business and technical design documents ? Obtains customer approval as needed   3 ? Engages hardware and software providers as necessary and tracks work orders to completion ? Deploys systems and processes supporting Inventory Control, Point of Sale, Purchasing, Sales,  General Ledger, Accounts Payable, Payroll, Accounts Receivable and Customer Profiling ? Documents lessons learned in the best practices repository while resolving system, network and database errors ? Performs the functions of Network Administrator ? Supports Client Server System developed with Visual Basic, Crystal Reports, Windows Operating  Systems, ODBC and MS SQL Server ? Designs, tests, and executes automated disaster recovery plan ? Analyzes user needs to develop accurate requirements ? Delivers formal and informal training on all aspects of computing environment ? Configures clients and servers for Point of Sale system ? Retains ownership of all situations until a successful resolution is obtained ? Reports the status and results of all initiatives using the appropriate communication format ? Purchases workstations, peripherals, services, supplies and software as necessary to meet departmental objectives  Significant Accomplishments: ? Creates a best practices repository resulting in 90% reduction in information technology break/fix activity ? Reduces system and database errors in the application environment by over 90% within a 1-year time frame by using root-cause analysis and implementing permanent corrective action ? Develops, tests and then exercises the Enterprise Disaster Recovery/Business Continuity plan in a true natural disaster saving the corporation from losing data, money or lost business in the tightest of time constraints ? Re-engineers, integrates and completely documents the Inventory Control, Accounts Payable and Point of Sale business processes achieving a 99.99% accuracy rating in vendor payments and vendor credit returns ? Improves the inventory on-hand balance accuracy rating from less than 10% to over 95% by nearly eliminating application and network errors while deploying best practice business processes ? Negotiates UPS, FedEx and LTL (Less-Than-Truckload) transportation contracts resulting in a 15% reduction in shipping expenses ? Overhauls the network hardware while tweaking the network software resulting in over a 97% reduction in network time-outs, collisions and disconnects ? Delivers 100% of projects on-time and within budget Project Manager/Information Analyst Electronic Data Systems January 1989 to February 2003 Duties: ? Plans multiple projects using the Project Management Functions of communication, risk, scope, schedule, resource, quality, financial and contract management ? Develops COBOL based systems and programs using CICS, IMS DB/DC, VSAM, Eztrieve Plus,  Panvalet, Expediter, CEDF, DB2, QMF, SQL, Spufi, MVS JCL, EDS/IBM Utilities, BTS and TSO/ISPF ? Tests application deliverable s with limit, unit, system, regression and user acceptance testing ? Integrates PC and Mainframe based systems ? Programs using top-down structured development techniques   4 ? Applies entire Systems Life Cycle (SLC) to application development ? Supports all computer related resources for Corporate Material Brokering Financial Functions and Direct Material Purchasing ? Monitors batch and on-line environments ? Reads application and system dumps ? Runs IMS Gens of programs, transactions and PSBs ? Performs root cause analysis and implements permanent corrective action for application software abends ? Conducts inter-group coordination and communication among the various development teams and affected parties ? Creates billings to customers ? Facilitates program and documentation peer reviews for project team members ? Receives all work requests and schedules appropriate personnel to tasks and projects ? Manages the day-to-day activities of our business ? Assists in the development of the Mid-Michigan Solution Center's Configuration Management plan ? Creates project schedules using MS Project ? Determines communication needs for all affected groups ? Captures metrics for reporting and use as a benchmark ? Plans the resource requirements for a global team ? Trains project leaders and developers in the use of new methodologies and processes ? Leverages tools such as MS Project, MS Word, MS PowerPoint, MS Excel and MS Access ? Evaluates changes to a worldwide network of routers, switches, hubs, network intrusion devices, circuits and servers as acting Change Manager ? Provides global legacy network oversight as Program Manager utilizing the PSP process  Significant Accomplishments: ? Completes EDS Leaders Internship Program ? Implements many medium to large scale systems including corporate accounts payable system for General Motors which involves hundreds of users, millions of dollars, detailed project planning, management/user presentations, interfacing multiple levels, analysis, etc. (over 10,000 man hour project) ? Assesses Software Development Capabilities of the EDS Mid-Michigan Solution Center resulting in a process maturity of level III within the Software Engineering Institute Capability Maturity Model (SEI  CMM) ? Utilizes all phases of the Systems Life Cycle to implement the make Corporate Material Brokering  Global project helping it to achieve growth of 50 employees and an increase in Accounts Receivable balance from 150 million to over 3 billion dollars ? Achieves the highest project team rating in the EDS Advanced Project Leadership course ? Attains a top 10% ranking within the 200 person EDS Mid-Michigan Solution Center ? Institutionalizes the 8 functions of Project Management within our organization helping to consistently achieve zero monthly defects in our Presage metrics tracking tool ? Deploys the web based Global Solutions Management System (GSMS) for EDS General Motors  Powertrain Casting Operations helping to obtain a global process set and delivery mechanism for EDS solutions centers    Previous job experience available upon request   5 Education B.S. in Organizational Administration Central Michigan University - Mount Pleasant, MI 1997 A.S. degree in Computer Science and Small Computer Systems/Business Delta College, University Center 1982 to 1984 Saginaw Valley State University - Saginaw, MI Skills Security, Customer Service (10+ years), Organizational Skills (10+ years), Word (10+ years), Excel (10+ years), Cash Handling (Less than 1 year), Management (10+ years), Typing (10+ years) Military Service Branch: Army Service Country: United States Rank: E-5 May 1982 to May 1988 Commendations: Maximum test score on the performance oriented infantry qualification test Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) May 2009 to April 2021