Digital Product ( Project Manager? Digital Product (<span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>? West Chester, OH Work Experience Digital Product ( Project Manager? Vaco - Blue Ash, OH January 2019 to Present Managed the rebranding and refresh of online banking and SDK proof of concept projects from initiation through closing.  ? Enhanced the digital customer experience by creating consumer-friendly wording and tone throughout terms and conditions, desktop, Android and iOS applications.  ? Coached the Product Owner and Development team on effective Product Backlog management and story selection.  ? Facilitated the Daily Scrum, Sprint Planning, Sprint Review, Sprint Retrospective and Backlog Refinement.  ? Managed cross-functional teams, third-party vendors, RFQ and SOW  ? Facilitated meetings, managed scope and risk to deliver a high-value product within the timebox and budget. IT Project Manager Cohesion - Blue Ash, OH February 2018 to January 2019 Managed the project lifecycle of customer-facing applications with UI/UX features from project definition through implementation.  ? Collaborated with product owners, business analysts, development and quality leads to define MVP requirements and prioritize product backlogs  ? Lead end-to-end testing for Medicare Advantage and Marketplace open enrollment  ? Managed software development using the Kanban Agile framework in Rally and Clarity.  ? Optimized flow of stories through the Kanban board by limiting work in progress (WIP) to continuously deliver work.  ? Lead the daily standup, retrospective and project stakeholder meetings Project Manager TEKsystems - Cincinnati, OH February 2017 to December 2017 Managed Medicaid business development and enterprise-wide projects.  ? Collaborated with program managers, product owners, and scrum masters to prioritize backlogs to deliver claims, encounters, grievances and appeals functionality on-time for the Georgia Medicaid Program.  ? Empowered team to become self-organizing  ? Coached technical BA on transition to business BA Role.  ? Participated in scrum ceremonies, daily standup, sprint planning, sprint reviews, retrospectives and Nexus Plus  ? Monitored stories on TFS boards to remove impediments, enabling agile teams to deliver the sprint goal.  ? Supported system integration and user acceptance testing for enrollment, member ID cards, and end-to-end testing. Lead Project Manager Fifth Third Bank - Cincinnati, OH July 2015 to October 2016 Managed the full lifecycle of multiple, concurrent and complex enterprise level projects to a successful, on-budget and on-time delivery. Delivered business value by creating awareness, engagement, knowledge, capability and adoption of the change.  ? Took control of failed Consumer Directed Healthcare project.  ? Obtained team agreement and met aggressive timelines to expedite time to market  ? Collaborated with end users, product owners, business partners, SMEs, third party processor and customer service provider to gather requirements, define scope, assign roles and responsibilities, and plan the schedule.  ? Identified, tracked, escalated and removed project impediments for the team daily, to enable the team to deliver agreed upon goals and deliverables on-time.  ? Led UAT testing effort - test plan, kick-off, setup, progress and issue tracking and change control  ? Led retrospective to celebrate successes, develop relationships and identify opportunities for improvement.  ? Established service level agreements with third party processor and customer service provider.  ? Collaborated with all impacted parties to create the go-to-market strategy for a new product launch and legacy migration using the ADKAR model with legal, sales, training, end users and internal/external communication plans.  ? Led product work stream for $50M Consumer EMV system upgrade project from UAT through post implementation.    9853 Jane Ct, West Chester, OH 45241Phone: 513.317.4167email: pjvovk@gmail.com Sr. Inventory Manager Kroger Personal Finance JV - Cincinnati, OH December 2009 to July 2015 Responsible for the production and distribution of gift card consumer products throughout the Kroger family of stores. Insured five warehouses and 2500 stores were in stock to support $3B in annual sales. Managed and negotiated with third party vendors to produce and deliver the optimal product mix to meet consumer demand.  ? Functioned as buyer and inventory manager of 600 gift cards for 2,500 stores with a consistent 95+% in-stock rate by managing demand planning, initiating purchase orders based on sales and inventory data, distributing product via direct store delivery (DSD) and developing RFPs and negotiating costs.  ? Drove the automation of manual purchase orders by creating awareness of labor time and costs, buy-in, an alternative, turn-key solution, and communicating the success of reducing ordering time from 2 hours to 8 minutes.  ? Project managed third party vendor production of 21MM gift cards with 110 versions, distributed to 6 warehouses and 14,000 locations.  ? Saved $1.3MM on production and transportation costs through truck optimization analysis.  ? Partnered with category managers to support planograms by division and store format for Kompass resets.  ? Supported marketing efforts related to new products, special promotions, shippers and grand openings. Operations Manager RBS Citizens, N.A (Kroger Personal Finance JV) - Cincinnati, OH April 2008 to December 2009 Managed vendor relationships including third-party gift card processors, plastics and packaging providers. Identified and championed areas for cost, process, and efficiency improvements relating to customer service, fraud control, settlement, system enhancements, gift card production and distribution.  ? Functioned as buyer for Visa and MasterCard gift cards by forecasting demand, managing vendor RFPs, negotiating costs, monitoring sales and inventory levels and initiating purchase orders.  ? Saved $443K in production and transportation costs through backhauling and truck optimization analysis.  ? Developed Prepaid Operations manual.  ? Managed a direct report. Project Manager GE Money - Kettering, OH October 2004 to March 2008 Managed third-party private-label processor relationship. Implemented third party vendor enhancements. Streamlined processing and gained efficiencies. Provided support for day-to-day systems operations issues, implementing corrective actions, and collaborating with third party vendors. Identified cost savings.  ? Managed third party credit card processing vendor - software updates, billing, disaster recovery testing, service level agreements, and issue escalation to improve performance, reduce cost and provide an optimal customer experience.  ? Managed third party vendor software installs - 10 Cardholder and 6 Merchant installs annually.  ? Led a cross-functional team of 30 people ( IT and business partners) in UAT, resulting in seamless processing.  ? Led roll-out of several new vendor products, enhancing analytical and automated decisioning processes.  ? Developed end-to-end testing among three vendors, from the POS to back-end settlement, eliminating risk.  ? Identified $333,000 in erroneous billings from vendor through diligent review of invoices, resulting in an immediate, positive impact to the bottom line. Senior Project Manager Chip Technologies - Omaha, NE May 2001 to May 2004 Implemented contact and contactless smart card programs, from requirements gathering to post implementation support. Collaborated with clients, third party vendors, MasterCard, IT and internal departments.  ? Managed multiple, complex projects utilizing detailed project plans, meeting and issue logs resulting in 100% on-time or early delivery, following PMO release schedules and processes.  ? Led a cross-functional team of 19 people from Product Development, IT, Client Relations, Operations, Purchasing, Sales, Audit, and Legal in individual and group tasks, while focusing on the big picture.  ? Led a Six Sigma project to develop a MasterCard Smart Card Launch kit, creating a standard, repeatable process to expedite time to market.  ? Launched the first U.S. MasterCard® MULTOS(TM) smart card in six months.  ? Oversaw unit, system, integration and UAT testing.    9853 Jane Ct, West Chester, OH 45241Phone: 513.317.4167email: pjvovk@gmail.com    PATENT  Methods for processing a group of accounts corresponding to different products (#7,076,465)    TESTING ENVIRONMENTS  IBM Mainframe: COBOL, Assembler, CICS, MVS, JCL, DB2, TSO, INFOMAN  Computer Associates: Teleview, Roscoe  Network: Novell, Windows NT, TCP/IP  Automated Testing: ProTerm, First CONFerence Education Master of Business Administration degree University of Nebraska at Omaha - Omaha, NE Bachelor of Science degree in Comprehensive Business Administration University of Nebraska at Kearney - Kearney, NE Leadership, Leadership Academy Leadership First Leaders and Covey Leadership Training Bank Card Management School and Project Management Skills VENDOR MANAGEMENT, REQUIREMENTS GATHERING, PROCESS IMPROVEMENT, Agile Scrum, Scrum Master, CSM, Rally, Scrum, Jira, PM, Kanban, Certified Scrum Master, PMP Certifications/Licenses Certified ScrumMaster (CSM) October 2016 to March 2021 Certified Scrum Product Owner (CSPO) March 2019 to March 2021 Project Management Professional (PMP) January 2018 to January 2021 Driver's License Additional Information CORE COMPETENCIES    ? Waterfall, Agile, Scrum Methodologies  ? Leading Cross-Functional Teams  ? Third Party Vendor Management    ? Requirements Gathering and Testing  ? Process Improvement  ? Operational Excellence