Cultivate Agile, Program / Project Manager & Agile Coach Cultivate Agile, Program / <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> &amp; Agile Coach Cultivate Agile, Program / Project Manager & Agile Coach - EMPLOYERS Insurance Medina, OH Work Experience Cultivate Agile, Program / Project Manager & Agile Coach EMPLOYERS Insurance - Medina, OH November 2017 to Present Nov 2017 - Present  Provider of Agile coaching and Project Management consulting services. Medina OH  EMPLOYERS Insurance (through Castle Bay)  ? Program Manager leading the Program Definition Phase for the Workers Compensation line of business. Aligned budget, resources, multiple agile subprojects (including vendor teams), and delivery processes to enable successful kickoff of the Implementation Phase.  ? Program consisted of implementing new core suite functionality (ClaimsPro), document management solution (Quadient Inspire & IBM Filenet) and new Kafka architecture  ? Enterprise program with budget of $20M and a headcount of +70.  Farmers Insurance (through TEKsystems)  ? Assumed Program Manager responsibility the Commercial Vehicle program; a new application / product offering, already underway for months and with much of the original scope already removed. Established new agile practices, created a new schedule with new baselines and expectations with the Farmers business units. Program consisted of 55 client and vendor resources  ? Contracted by Farmers' ePMO to create a roadmap to agile adoption. Journey will take Farmers' from traditional SDLC methodology to SAFe over the course of 12 months.  ? As TEKsystems' Lead Consultant at Farmers, was the primary on-site liaison between client management, TEK's Account Managers and TEK's 16 on-site consultants.  MedData (direct client), national provider of medical billing services  ? Planning and redesign of overall project delivery practices with an introduction to Agile methodologies.  ? Project manager for multiple concurrent projects from updating internal billing processes to managing reporting to CMS, The Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services Program / Project Manager Western Reserve Group - Wooster, OH August 2014 to October 2017 • Leader of the WRG Program Management Office responsible for establishing best practices within both enterprise programs and individual projects. Coached project managers, of varying skill levels, in project management practices and assisted PMs through their earning of PMP and Certified ScrumMaster certifications.  • Assumed the Program Manager role for the largest transformational IT implementation in the company's history. Responsible for the scheduled five year delivery of a $45million program budget consisting of over 120 geographically disbursed team members across twelve projects.  • Agile Champion, responsible for establishing agile best practices and implementation of the Scaled Agile Framework. Regularly met with project managers and made recommendations on better agile practices while working to establish SAFe as an enterprise standard. Adjunct IT Course Instructor Wayne County Career Center - Smithville, OH August 2013 to August 2015 • Created and delivered curriculum aimed adult students reentering the workforce. Curriculum included Microsoft Office as well as practical IT skills used in the workplace.  • Class size ranged from 2 to 20 students in the Adult and Community Education Program PMO Project Manager Westfield Insurance - Westfield Center, OH June 2013 to June 2014 • Program Testing Project Manager responsible for the setup and delivery of the Systems Integrated Testing phase of Westfield's $80 million implementation of a new claim processing system, IMPACT. Starting with a program that was focused on 9 distinct projects, steered the program to a single program focused on the delivery of Guidewire ClaimCenter.  • As a PMO Project Manager, aligned entire program to a single vision for testing and project reporting by creating the initial Program Testing plan, Program Test Reporting Dashboard, and Integrated Program Plan. Project Manager Progressive Insurance - Mayfield Heights, OH June 2012 to May 2013 • Project Manager for the CLUE for PolicyPro project, an effort to implement additional driver discover reporting. Project resulted in over $90 million in increased revenue over 5 years.  • Coached project team members on new scrum based, agile development methodologies. Often coaching individuals and teams with limited agile development experience. Led teams through the successful adoption of the methodology while delivering the project according to established goals.  • Actively worked with project resources to increase their skills by giving targeted project opportunities outside of employees traditional comfort zone.  • Direct responsibility for a team of sixteen (16) resources across the organization. Director of IT King's Medical Group May 2011 to April 2012 Provider of CT and MRI services to health care institutions. Hudson OH  • Partnered with the company's C-Level leadership to establish strategic company goals and implement IT strategies in support of KMG's onsite and remote workforce.  • Directly managed a team of up to twelve (12) designers, developers, testers, technical support and administrative resources. Responsibilities included: hiring & termination, goal setting, employee evaluations, personal improvement plans, salary adjustments, career development, career coaching and conflict resolution.  • Provided technology leadership in the development of a new business offerings, while continuing to support existing products and technologies.  • Actively sought to provide team members with project opportunities in alignment with their individual career goals. In many instances setting stretch goals to provide team members with opportunities to increase their skills outside of their traditional responsibilities.  • Crafted and executed a strategic vision for projects including website development, application development, physical office setup, infrastructure, database management, disaster recovery / business continuity planning and mobile device deployment. Senior Project Manager IntelliCorp - Cleveland, OH January 2009 to April 2011 • With requirements from senior IT leadership, created and implemented a custom application development methodology based on PMP and Agile (scrum) methodologies. Worked with development resources to embrace the new methodologies and with non- IT company leadership to understand and accept their new responsibilities within the new processes.  • Managing both domestic and international consultants, led the technical implementation of IntelliCorp's new B2B website, completing a new brand identity and new brand rollout.  • Managed vendor commitment expectations while managing a team of seven (7) professionals. Senior Project Manager CTPartners - Cleveland, OH April 2007 to January 2009 • Led multiple, concurrent application development projects including effort to redesign all of the financial reports used during the Month End Close. After implementation, amount of time needed to analyze reports decreased from hours to minutes.  • Managed the effort to setup new and/or move existing domestic and international CTPartners offices. Directing a team of multiple international technical and non-technical personnel secured and managed building / IT contractors in the host cities throughout Europe, Singapore, Shanghai and South America.  • Matrix reporting responsibility for up to 20 resources across the organization. Manager Key Bank April 2005 to April 2007 Regional US bank headquartered in Cleveland, OH  Lead multiple concurrent efforts involving Business Continuity / Disaster Recover, Business Intelligence vendor selection and adoption of agile practices. Manager Brulant November 2003 to March 2005 Local consulting firm serving Fortune 500 companies in Cleveland, OH  Project Manager for clients including Key Bank, Things Remembered and Cole National Manager Accenture - Cleveland, OH December 1996 to October 2003 office  Progressively increasing responsibility from application developer to team manager for companies including LTV Steel, Cincinnati Financial Corp and American Water Works.    (notes) Education MBA Walsh University - North Canton, OH 2010 Bachelor of Science in Industrial Management The University of Akron - Akron, OH 1996 Skills Agile (10+ years), Scrum Master (10+ years), Project Management (10+ years) Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/gummo http://www.cultivateagile.com Certifications/Licenses Certified ScrumMaster (CSM) February 2006 to Present SAFe SPC July 2017 to July 2020 Certifice SAFe Program Consultant  SAFe (Scaled Agile Framework) Project Management Professional (PMP) December 2003 to December 2020