Senior IT Specialist/ Project Manager/Supervisory IT Specialist Senior <span class="hl">IT</span> Specialist/<span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>/Supervisory <span class="hl">IT</span> Specialist Senior IT Specialist/ Project Manager/Supervisory IT Specialist Dumfries, VA Results-driven Leader who builds/leads high performing teams that are customer-focused. A Project Manager and analyst driven to deliver high profile projects on time, under budget, with limited resources and within scope possessing with over 12 years of information technology experience. My duties characterize multiple leadership competencies. Work Experience Senior IT Specialist/ Project Manager/Supervisory IT Specialist Internal Revenue Service - Lanham, MD September 2008 to April 2019 • Served as Branch representative in Program-level Meetings regarding Legislation and projects. I review and capture the scope, milestones, accomplishments, issues and risks weekly with my manager and team. Additionally, I discuss impact to CPE Systems regarding current legislation.  • Served as the Infrastructure Compliance (IC) Division point of contact for Risk Management for multiple Releases and all Division projects. I collaborated with the Release Managers and the projects to discuss risk mitigation plans and activities to provide timely updates to Senior ACA Leadership weekly. I monitored statuses using the Key Performance Indicators to ensure project/program/Release level risks do not become Enterprise-Level Risks. I served on the workgroup for ACA which monitors Issues and Risks to devise mitigation strategies to prevent ACA level Risks from becoming Enterprise Risks.  • Served as the Branch point of contact for Environment status and activities for four Releases and six projects. I provide overviews of Ready for Use needs, requirements, and alternate site processing for the eleven environments within the Service at multiple sites.  • Prepared and presented weekly high-level overviews representative of Integrated Project Teams (IPTs), Scrums, and Release Level Overviews. I shared testing approaches, design/development strategies and status of Enterprise Life Cycle (ELC) Artifacts across multiple releases (4)/multiple projects in design/development/deployment).  • Attended sessions in collaboration with ACA stakeholders to stay apprised of changes in Architecture, Requirements, and scope which can impact design, development, test or deployment of ACA projects.  • Discussed and track progress of interface Control Documents (ICDs) and Unified Work Requests (UWRs) for multiple Releases and projects to present my findings weekly to my team and Senior Leadership.  • Served as the ACA Information Returns (AIR) Release 5.0 Manager/ Project Manager, Government Exchange Section (1095A).  • Provided vision and strategy to accept, process, and store health coverage data received from Employers (Form 1095C) and Issuers (Form 1095B) (to support IRC Sections 6055 and 6056) and Federal/State Annual Exchange Information Returns Form 1095A as required by the ACA Legislation.  • Led, scheduled, and planed the development of the implementation of a COTS solution which will become the submission processing framework to receive, authenticate, temporarily store and forward AIR data submitted by the State Exchanges, directly or via HHS to the Coverage Data Repository (CDR) or other designated Legacy IT systems.  • Provided leadership to develop code for the gateway/web-based portal that allows submitters to securely check the status of submissions and query various reports.  • Leads an integrated project team (IPT) of more than 30 resources to include vendor support using the COTS waterfall path beginning in MS 3/4A (logical/physical design) with an annual budget of $2.4M.  • Ensured all information returns (more than 300 million estimated ACA Information Returns to be submitted) are processed according to business requirements and validated according to business rules.  • Motivated team by facilitating bi-weekly synch-up and technical meetings to maintain synergy and share knowledge within the Integrated Project Team.  • Provided leadership to develop sections of the AIR Business Systems Requirement (BSR) Sections and distributed to all impacted stakeholders for review/comments. Provided technical leadership and guidance related to the coordination/stand-up of the Development Systems Integration Test (DSIT) Office.  • Provided leadership to the authors of AIR Configuration Control Board (CCB) Charter, which was a requirement for all ACA Projects, ACA ACIO approval was obtained.  • Managed other Front-Line/PMs and Non-Bargaining Unit Employees.  • Provided updated status during the monthly ACA Project Control Review (PCR) Health Assessment Reviews. I supported the mitigation and reporting of a project risk that was shared with the ACA ACIO. The AIR Project required an additional $5M funding for Quarter 3, funds were needed to exercise Option Year for Technical Labor Support from a vendor. As a result, this risk was mitigated and the funds were absorbed within the ACA Core Systems Division budget, which prevented a loss/disruption of Technical Labor Support.  • Utilized the Resource Modeling Tool to identify and fill additional IT Specialists positions within AIR Project to ensure staffing patterns were supportive of ACA 4.1 and 5.0 project scopes.  • Provided guidance related to the creation of Unified Work Requests (UWRs), and Performance Work Statement (PWS). I completed a staffing and training plan showing Full-Time Equivalent (FTE) and Contractor FTE (CFTE) skills necessary to support the Government Exchange Section. I assisted with reviewing FTE/CFTE staffing needs based on Spend Plan projections and project needs.  • Collaborated with other Vendor Partners to create the AIR COTS Technical Support Program Management Plan. I participated in discussions to support the development of Release 4.1/5.0 technical architecture, and infrastructure diagrams that illustrate capabilities of the AIR solution. Actively participated in review sessions related to the Solution Architecture Road Map, and made recommendations that were adopted and incorporated into the Baseline version.  • Served as a Section Chief of the Metadata Administration Section (diverse staff of 11 employees) within the Data Services Branch of Corporate Data Domain reporting directly to the Branch Chief. Education Bachelor's in Computer Information Systems Strayer University cum laude - Washington, DC January 1994 to June 2000 Skills BUSINESS REQUIREMENTS (10+ years), SDLC (10+ years), PMP (8 years), PM (10+ years), Waterfall (5 years), Project Management (10+ years), Information Technology (10+ years), Software Development (10+ years) Certifications/Licenses Master's Certificate in IT Project Management - ESI Int'l (George Washington Univ) November 2009 to November 2012 I have take 9 courses in the IT Project Management Disciple each course is 3 pdus.  Some of the courses include the following:  Risk Management, Project Management Communications, Requirements Analysis, and Systems Integration.