Director Director Director - Grant Thornton International Western Springs, IL Work Experience Director Grant Thornton International - Chicago, IL July 2014 to Present Role: Information Technology - Reporting directly to the CIO, oversee Portfolio of IT Programs, IT Procurement, and IT Finance for internal and external clients within the Audit, Tax, and Advisory industry. Work closely with the Executive Leadership of firms to develop and implement business and strategic technology initiatives to achieve their organizational goals such as revenue growth, speed to market, cost efficiencies, improved service quality and customer experience., etc.  Responsibilities:  - Ensure strategic alignment of the IT organization with the goals and objectives of the business.  - Support Business Decision making using standard business intelligence and knowledge management tools such as dashboards and portals to ensure easier and quicker access to relevant data by the key decision-makers.  - Establish a responsive, service-focused IT organization while building high-performance multi-cultural PMO leadership team.  - Develop business case justifications and cost/benefit analyses for Business IT spending and initiatives.  - Work closely with the Executive Leadership to manage, assess and communicate risks associated with IT change activities  - Identify opportunities for appropriate and cost-effective investments in IT systems and resources.    Accomplishments:  - Designed corporate IT communications plan improving communications to corporate IT, Business Leaders, and 120 global CIO's resulting in a 30% increase in customer satisfaction scoring.  - Implemented global Identity Access Management system improving application security to global assets.  - The enhanced collaboration of highly mobile global workforce through near-universal adoption of Microsoft Teams.  - Saved the Grant Thornton network $17.5M annually in global technology licensing costs by negotiating global licensing agreements and aggregating the spend of the Grant Thornton network of member firms. Senior Program Leader SPR Consulting - Chicago, IL June 2011 to May 2014 Role: Senior Program Leader - Provide strategic, financial, and operational leadership for client strategic Programs and Projects to ensure growth, profitability, operational excellence, and client satisfaction. Project responsibilities include developing a project management office, leading a large client electronic marketing campaign initiative, and customer master data management initiatives. Led teams in a matrixed environment with onshore and offshore resources.  Responsibilities:  - Provide effective leadership and collaborate with other senior executives to help drive the success of the overall strategic initiatives.  - Implement systems and streamline processes to enhance PMO effectiveness.  - Assess, create, coach and motivate effective, cohesive and high performing teams.  - Serve as the key spokesperson and a trusted partner to client leadership for key IT initiatives.  - Recommended opportunities to the client regarding client partnerships to improve overall program success.    Accomplishments:  - Led assessment, transition, and onboarding of new strategic partner to turn around a struggling program  - Developed first data governance team with a focus on mastering customer data.  - Spearheaded effort to introduce the first integration council allowing for interproject dependencies to be managed and communicated.  - Developed new project management office leading to a 30% improvement with on-time project delivery.  - Reduced project cost overruns by 40% through improved resource tracking against scheduled milestones.  - Encouraged agility, innovation, and adoption of new processes through the introduction of Agile processes. IT Portfolio Manager MillerCoors - Chicago, IL May 2009 to May 2011 Role: IT Portfolio Manager -Responsible for all commercial information systems activities, including systems analysis, delivery solutions, computer, and auxiliary operations. Set policies and procedures, technical standards and methods, and priorities. Manage liaison between information systems and commercial business in the company to align IT delivery to business strategy. Report to Director of PMO on information systems plans, projects, performance, and related matters. Provide leadership and direction to staff, which consists of direct reports in Senior Program and Project Manager Roles. Partner and manage relationships with Heads of Business Units and third-party service providers.    Responsibilities:  - Create and lead high-performing teams of internal and external resources; onshore and offshore.  - Model behaviors that demonstrate a commitment to corporate values.  - Directed annual project portfolio budget of $30MM  - Member of the Project Management Office and Commercial leadership teams  - Provided a continuous review of program health through PMO governance metrics and standards.  - Managed team of 200 internal and contract resources; onshore and offshore resources  - Developed and executed key portfolio metrics and reporting for executive and program level reporting.    Accomplishments:  - Introduced Integrated council for improved cross-program communication, reducing rework by 25%.  - Developed and executed key portfolio metrics and reporting for executive and program level reporting.  - Collaborated with other Senior IT Leadership Team members to introduce a new software delivery methodology  - Instilled the consistent use of a common platform such as SharePoint to support a more collaborative environment and increased transparency with the key stakeholders.    EARLY CAREER Senior Project Manager RightPoint Consulting - Chicago, IL April 2008 to April 2009 IT Director Unicous Marketing - Chicago, IL May 2007 to March 2008 Manager Accenture - Chicago, IL May 2005 to April 2007 Business Partner Manager Sears Roebuck & Company - Hoffman Estates, IL May 2004 to May 2005 Project Lead McDonald's Corporation - Oak Brook, IL October 1994 to January 2004 Education Masters of Business Administration in Business Administration North Central College - Naperville, IL Bachelor of Science in Computer Technology Purdue University - West Lafayette, IN Skills Procurement, Business case, Resource utilization, Budget, Offshore Additional Information - *** Core Competencies  Annual Budget Planning • Offshore Resource Management • Teamwork • Procurement Functions  Excellent Oral and Written Communication • Agile • Cloud Technologies • Resource Utilization  Portfolio and Project Management • Strategic • Enterprise Strategy • Business Case    L  eadership & Executive Roles