IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Scottsdale, AZ Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager Southwest Diagnostic Imaging / SMIL - Scottsdale, AZ June 2016 to Present Bridging the gap between companies, departments, and people as well as developing successful relationships that continue on after project completion.  Regularly overseeing multiple projects at a time across all phases of development and aligning business needs and goals with technological solutions. Drive process improvement, best practices, increased competitive advantage, and bottom-line gains in all phases of a project. CT/MR/X-ray technologist Sky Lakes Medical Center - Klamath Falls, OR June 2002 to May 2016 Performed diagnostic imaging procedures on GE Lightspeed VCT scanner, GE DR, and Fuji CR. Communicate effectively with others, focus on quality of work, and maintain a technical understanding. Maintain effective environment while working with CT & radiologic technology. Inserted IVs, injected IV contrast and administered oral contrast. Managed patient reactions to IV and oral contrast. Assisted radiologist with biopsies, drainages, RF ablations, chest tube placement and drain placement. Created and continually updated protocol manuals within the guidelines set by the radiologists. Knowledgeable with GE PACS, DR Systems PACS, Meditech, VRAD and Epic. On-call as needed. Instructor Oregon Institute of Technology - Klamath Falls, OR September 2003 to June 2015 Created, implemented, and taught the PACS specialization course offered at Oregon Institute of Technology.  On campus instructor for Quality Assurance/Quality Control, Radiation Biophysics, and PACS Specialization. Education Biology Oregon State University - Corvallis, OR September 2013 to June 2015 Bachelors of Science in Radiologic Sciences in Radiologic Sciences Oregon Institute of Technology - Klamath Falls, OR September 1998 to June 2002 Skills CPR, Chemistry, Microsoft Word, Documentation, Organizational Skills, Typing, retail sales, training, PM, Waterfall, PMP, Scrum Master, Information Technology Additional Information Licensure & Certification  ARRT Certified Computed Tomography Technologist ARRT Registered Radiologic Technologist  Basic Life Support  State of Arizona licensed Oregon Board of Medical Imaging license  PACS Specialization and Certification  Lean yellow and green belt certified  Agile Scrum Master certified