Partner Partner Partner - BNY Mellon - Finance Technology Pittsburgh, PA Experienced IT, Accounting, and Finance professional including PMO management, Program Delivery,  Risk Management, Business Intelligence and Reporting, and Process Improvement. Industry experience  in Financial Services, Higher Education, Energy, Health Care, and Manufacturing.  Ø Received recognition at PNC in 2014 for delivering a strategic retail customer data analytics program  project on time and on budget, enabling $227MM in top line Retail revenue.  Ø 16+ years managing resources to deliver projects on schedule and on-budget including those  spanning multiple years, multiple parties, and greater than 30 contributors.  Ø Risk Management experience including Enterprise Risk Management and Mitigation, Third Party  Vendor Risk Management, Program Risk, Technology and Infrastructure Cyber/EOL, SOX compliance,  and Internal/External Audit.  Ø Successful track record of negotiating / outsourcing mission-critical applications and meeting or  exceeding performance SLA's.  Ø Excellent problem solving and interpersonal skills. Consistent ability to meet deadlines and work  under pressure. Work Experience Partner BNY Mellon - Finance Technology June 2016 to Present 06/16 - Present  Oversee programs and risk mitigation in support of FinTech projects for Finance Technology Group.  • Oversee planning and execution of programs, project activities, and resources to ensure that cost, time, and quality goals are met  • Partner with stakeholders to strengthen risk management framework; ensure compliance of processes and practices to internal policy and regulatory requirements  • Review monthly, quarterly, and annual budget to actual performance and trending for group, pursue corrective action when warranted  • Oversee prioritization and remediation of Cyber Security vulnerabilities, critical application, and infrastructure "End Of Life" vulnerabilities  • Serve as group Engagement Manager for Third Party Governance Risk Management  • Oversee compliance of Fin Tech programs and projects to BNYM SDLC methodology, liase with auditors for program and project audits IT PMO Manager Highmark Insurance Group December 2014 to June 2016 IT Project Management Office. 12/14 - 06/16  Managed a team of project managers in support of projects in the Highmark Insurance Group (HMIG)  line of business. Built and supported a project management team in order to meet approved objectives.  Managed transition of project delivery from Waterfall to Agile methodology across HMIG.  • Manage portfolio in support of Highmark Insurance Group including public-facing website  • Portfolio Roadmap / Project management including PHI De-Identification  • Manage activities of IT PMO personnel  • Develop talent, address resource management, plan and coordinate work, manage performance, train and mentor resources; Provide subject matter direction and guidance to staff  • Department budgeting and fiscal responsibilities    1  731 Semple Avenue Phone: (412) 596-8900  Pittsburgh, PA 15202 mkurela@gmail.com    • Provide leadership during periods of transition Retail IT Technology Manager PNC October 2012 to December 2014 Build and manage data warehouse development teams for Big Data and Business Intelligence projects in support of Retail Line of Business on Teradata platform and Oracle platform. Guide Data Warehouse  projects from original concept through completion including partnering and collaboration with customers, suppliers, and business partners. Provide oversight and direction to on-shore and off-shore  teams performing design, development, and QA.  • Built a development and delivery team of 43 direct reports and contract resources to meet  approved objectives  • Managed Oracle and Teradata data warehouse capital projects in support of PNC Retail Marketing  Analytics group  • Facilitated data analytics to profile and predict retail consumer purchasing habits and banking needs  • Participated in annual planning for budget and expenditures on discretionary capital investments  • Helped define an enterprise data warehouse roadmap, including functional value and planning  across many IT and business teams  • Assessment of development strategies to drive efficiency and reduce cost while increasing speed of delivery - achieved development cost savings by evolving warehouse from ETL to ELT Senior Project Manager, IT Education Management Corporation October 2010 to September 2012 Scoped, planned, and managed Business Intelligence projects including development and management  of project plans, budget, schedule, issues, risks, and resources to set commitments and then execute to meet commitments. Ensured alignment to business and IT strategies. Provided assistance with capital  budgeting for IT organization. Key projects included Business Intelligence reporting initiatives and Hyperion 11.1.2.1 Upgrade. Senior Manager MarketSphere Consulting January 2005 to September 2010 Information Technology Experience and Highlights:  Directed staff; liaised with client executives, client IT groups, participated in negotiations with hardware, software, and professional services vendors. Helped clients design systems that met regulatory and  compliance needs and objectives. Managed resources and projects; assisted clients with Business  Intelligence initiatives (Oracle | Hyperion Essbase System 9 upgrades including infrastructure review and recommendations, application installation, migration, testing, and reporting - Excel Add-In, SmartView,  dashboards, scorecards, metrics, etc), Data Warehouse projects (requirements, design, deployment, ETL, MDM), and Enterprise Content Management initiatives (assessments, selections, and  implementations including Open Text, Vignette, EMC/Documentum, and SharePoint).    Clients Served:  • PNC, Carnegie Mellon University, West Virginia University, Education Management (EDMC), Federated Investors, Allegheny Technologies, Michael Baker Corp, Remy, Republic Services,  BrightPoint Inc., CNX Gas, ALCOSAN, ARAMARK, KraftMaid, Parker Hannifin, Inc.    Provided Sarbanes Oxley Section subject matter expertise and internal controls effectiveness for several  clients. Identified gaps and remediation opportunities, provided recommendations to improve internal  controls, and provided guidance on leading practices to achieve sustained compliance.    2  731 Semple Avenue Phone: (412) 596-8900  Pittsburgh, PA 15202 mkurela@gmail.com    Assisted clients with analysis and reporting of unclaimed property to all appropriate states and filing  jurisdictions. Results: Identified statutory exemptions for clients ranging from $125K to $4.7 million and assisted five clients to remain in compliance with all filing jurisdictions.    Authored white paper, "Sustained Compliance and What Comes Next" CFO Services Deloitte - Pittsburgh, PA April 2003 to January 2005 Assisted Mylan Pharmaceutical with ERP system selection. Created Research & Development process  maps, identified Lab Information Management System (LIMS) systems requirements and integration  opportunities with ERP, and identify operational improvement opportunities.    Sarbanes Oxley Section 404 and 302 internal controls assessments for several clients. Assisted Allegheny  Energy with 2002 financial statement restatement efforts including 10-K filing with SEC and FERC filings.    Booz Allen Hamilton Global Finance reorganization including Organizational Governance; Controllership  function; Treasury function; and Finance Policies, Procedures, and internal controls.    Implementation of Litigation Discovery Management System (CaseCentral). Helped Pharmaceutical  client to reduce litigation expenses approaching $500 billion by leveraging collaboration and content  management tools used by external counsel in response to Federal, State, and Civil subpoenas.    Clients Served:  • Bristol Myers-Squibb, Booz Allen Hamilton, Education Management (EDMC), Purdue  Pharmaceuticals, Allegheny Energy, Mylan Pharmaceuticals, Collins & Aikman Education MBA in IT, Finance, and International Accounting CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY - Pittsburgh, PA Bachelor of Science in Psychology and Political Science UNIVERSITY OF PITTSBURGH - Pittsburgh, PA