IT/Implementation Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span>/Implementation <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT/Implementation Project Manager - AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. ADP Remote Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT/Implementation Project Manager AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. ADP - Atlanta, GA October 2015 to Present Atlanta, GA  ADP, is the nation's leading Comprehensive global provider of cloud-based Human Capital Management Solutions that unite HR, payroll,  talent, time, tax and benefits administration and a leader in analytics and compliance expertise.    IT/Implementation Project Manager  § Manage all project phases, including initiation, planning, execution, monitoring, control, implementation and closure.  § Plan, direct, coordinate and manage projects with an intact and various cross sectional and virtual teams to implement/ deploy  assigned, large complex IT projects, which include broad-based information systems, migrations and Human Capital Management  application implementation.  § Manage implementation consultants, business analysts, software designers and programmers to determine best methods to achieve project goals and objectives.  § Worked moderate guidance and was responsible for applying project management knowledge, skills, tools and techniques to project deliverables, processes, and systems.  § Coordinate internal resources to achieve on time deliverables and manage implementations within defined parameters using  project management methodology to ensure successful implementations.  § Host and oversaw reoccurring weekly meetings with business and technical teams.  § Oversee project timelines and budgets, in order to ensure the goals and objectives are accomplished accurately on schedule and within budget.  § Responsible for creation, delivery and management of project deliverables including project plans, project status reports, project  issue logs, budgeting, forecasting, meeting agendas with action plans, project close reports to ensure goals and objectives were  accomplished within the established time frame documentations of lessons learned.  § Present analysis and interpretation for operational and business review and planning.  § Improved business processes and implementing improvements for required clients. IT/Migrations/Execution Project Manager (Contractor) ANTHEM August 2013 to August 2015 August 2013 to August 2015) Virtual Office  Anthem, is the nation's leading health benefits company, with the purpose to transform health care with trusted and caring solutions.  IT/Migrations/Execution Project Manager (Contractor)    § Plan, direct, coordinate and manage programs with business partners and cross sectional teams in the implementation/  deployment of assigned large complex IT projects, which include broad-based information systems, migrations, full life-cycle  application development, building enterprise applications and data warehouse/business intelligence planning and development.  § Managed system analysts, business analysts, software designers and programmers to determine best methods to achieve project  goals and objectives.  § Coordinate internal resources to achieve on time deliverables and manage implementations within defined parameters using  project management methodology to ensure successful implementations.  § Manage, plan and monitor complex budget development for projects with the minimum of $5M and greater, including contract  administration.  § Hosted and oversaw reoccurring weekly meetings with business and technical teams.  § Responsible for creation, delivery and management of project deliverables including project plans, project status reports, project  issue logs, budgeting, forecasting, meeting agendas with action plans, project close reports to ensure goals and objectives were  accomplished within the established time frame documentations of lessons learned.  § Present analysis and interpretation for operational and business review and planning  § Support short and long term operational or strategic business activities through analysis including review, forecast, trend complex  data and run reports.  § Develop recommended business solutions through research and analysis of data and exceptional reporting.  § Usage of Anthem Portfolio Management (APM), Planview, Oracle, Clarity and SharePoint applications to manage and allocate  resources to each project. IT Project Manager NUANCE COMMUNICATIONS, INC March 2013 to August 2013 March 2013 to August 2013) Virtual Office/Travel Position  Nuance Communications, Inc. provides clinical, connectivity and information solutions for hospitals, practices and post-acute organizations.  IT Project Manager  § Plan, direct and coordinate assigned Nuance Communications, Inc. healthcare application implementation projects to ensure goals  and objectives were accomplished within the established time frame.  § Responsible for creation, delivery and management of project deliverables including project plans, project status reports, meeting  agendas with action plans and project close reports.  § Hosted and oversaw reoccurring weekly meetings with business and technical teams.  § Present analysis and interpretation for operational and business review and planning.  § Develop recommended business solutions through research and analysis of data and exceptional reporting.  § Improved business processes and implementing improvements for required clients.  § Usage of Oracle, Clarity and SharePoint applications to manage and allocate resources to each project.  § Analyze, review, forecast, and trend complex data.  § Partnered with business groups and IT teams to ensure the success of server installations, network design and server build out.  § Coordinate internal resources to achieve on time deliverables and action items to ensure successful client implementations. IT Project Manager ALLSCRIPTS 2010 to January 2013 2010 - Jan 2013) Virtual Office/Travel Position  Allscripts provides clinical, financial, connectivity and information solutions for hospitals, physician practices and post-acute organizations.  IT Project Manager  § Planned, directed and coordinated assigned projects to ensure goals and objectives were accomplished within the established  time frame.  § Responsible for creation, delivery and management of project deliverables including project plans, project status reports, meeting  agendas with action plans and project close reports.  § Partnered with business groups and IT teams to ensure the success of server installations, network design and server build out.  § Hosted and oversaw reoccurring weekly meetings with business and technical teams.  § Present analysis and interpretation for operational and business review and planning  § Support short and long term operational or strategic business activities through analysis  § Develop recommended business solutions through research and analysis of data and exceptional reporting.  § Improved business processes and implementing improvements for required clients.    § Usage of Oracle, Clarity and SharePoint applications to manage and allocate resources to each project.  § Analyze, review, forecast, and trend complex data.  § Contract review and administration.  § Coordinated internal resources to achieve on time deliverables and action items to ensure successful client implementations. Senior Account Manager / Project Manager METLIFE - Alpharetta, GA 2005 to 2010 Alpharetta, GA  One of the largest global providers of insurance, annuities and employee benefit programs to 90 million customers in over 60 countries.  Senior Account Manager / Project Manager  § Managed and coordinated contracted clients and organization's project plans, tracked progress and results.  § Contract review and administration.  § Led quantitative and qualitative financial and economic methodology research initiatives.  § Provided project management processes across the multiple lines of business within various departments.  § Processed and developed strategic, competitive and quantitative pricing for the positioning and sale of various annuity products  and prepared client financial statements, audit materials including the management of budgets $2 B.  § Developed recommendations to produce new or improve operations, procedures, processes, or workflow for a more effective and cost-efficient means of accomplishing work.  § Present analysis and interpretation for operational and business review and planning  § Support short and long term operational or strategic business activities through analysis  § Develop recommended business solutions through research and analysis of data and exceptional reporting.  § Improved business processes and implementing improvements for required clients.  § Usage of Oracle, Clarity and SharePoint applications to manage and allocate resources to each project.  § Analyze, review, forecast, and trend complex data.  § Provided direct supervision to 12-15 team members. Director of Adolescent Services and Government Funded Programs BROWNSVILLE MULTI-SERVICE HEALTH CENTER 2000 to 2005 Contract review and administration.  § Prepared program contracts, conducted program planning, ensured contract deliverable activities, design, implementation,  performance measurement, and budget development for health programs, which included annual budgets of $5 million and greater.  § Responsible for implementing and managing health service projects, RCM (Revenue Cycle Management, health information  management and administrative policies procedures, program compliance, billing and reimbursement for Medicaid and private  insurance for all grant funded programs.  § Prepared all required weekly, monthly, quarterly and end year reports; negotiated managed care program contracts.  § Liaison between business partners and health program.  § Created, prepared and delivered presentations, timelines, communications and implementation for all phases of the clinical  programs/tools development and implementation.  § Ensured all programs and tools were compliant with regulatory directives and state/federal laws and policies. Identifies system  needs to implement clinical programs.  § Responsible for the coordination and preparation efforts for successful accreditation survey conducted by the State Department of Health (DOH). Developed an innovative system requirements, program evaluation and analytical data report including detailed  survey and feedback tools.  § Provided direct leadership, support and guidance to team members during the development and implementation of health  programs. Adjunct Faculty / Lecturer METROPOLITAN COLLEGE OF NEW YORK - New York, NY 2000 to 2005 New York, NY  Metropolitan College of New York provides higher education to students in the New York City area.    Adjunct Faculty / Lecturer  § Lecturer in the School of Business and Human Services in the areas of Health Management, Human Resources Management,  Strategic Management, Game Theory and Negotiation, Organizational Behavior, Social Policy, Planning and Ethics.  § Developed, prepared and updated all course materials including assignments, examinations and class syllabus.  § Served as mentor and provided students with educational opportunities at Metropolitan College and NYC outreach programs. Director of Services BROWNSVILLE MULTI-SERVICE HEALTH CENTER - Brooklyn, NY 1998 to 2005 Provides integrative, high quality medical, dental, social services, health education, preventative and health wellness programs to clients. Program Manager BROWNSVILLE MULTI-SERVICE HEALTH CENTER 1998 to 2000 Provided planning, RCM (Revenue Cycle Management and project management support to the parenting and adolescent grant  funded program initiative.  § Actively worked with BMS partners to identify and track potential program applicants and participants and coordinate with key  partners regarding program processes: product distribution, communications, and event notifications.  § Evaluated applicants; conducted follow-up calls and interviews to assess suitability for the program and facilitated focus groups to determine the need for program change and enhancement.  § Retrieved and analyzed program data to compile monthly, quarterly and annual reports. Education M.B.A. in Management & Information Technology Long Island University - Brooklyn, NY M. S. in Health Administration Long Island University - Brooklyn, NY Bachelor of Science in Business Administration & Management in Business Administration & Management Brockport State University of New York - Brockport, NY Skills .NET (Less than 1 year), MICROSOFT SHAREPOINT (10+ years), Oracle (10+ years), Planview (6 years), SharePoint (10+ years), PM, Scrum Master, SDLC, Waterfall, Customer Service, Microsoft Project, Outlook, Scheduling, Word, budget, Estimating, Maintenance Links http://linkedin.com/in/reneesturbain Additional Information TECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES    Windows OS, Mac OS, Microsoft .NET, MS Office Suite: Microsoft Excel, Project, PowerPoint, & Word, Outlook Exchange, Visio,  Access, Acrobat, Cognos, SQL, QuickBooks, EHR Applications, Oracle, Clarity, SharePoint, Planview, GEOS, ERP, HCM.