IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager Glendale, AZ Work Experience IT Project Manager CSC, Inc - Glendale, AZ September 2013 to March 2019 ·  Involved in all phases of the project lifecycle from concept to closing including budget, scheduling, tracking, risk management, resource planning, managing stakeholders and technical staff.  ·  Led project in 2018 to create Collins Aerospace, by bringing together Rockwell Collins and UTC Aerospace Systems.  ·   Project delivered on time and under budget by 30%.  ·  Plan, direct, execute, control, monitor, report and deliver projects on schedule, budget and aligned with the business objectives of Collins Aerospace.  ·  Collaborated closely with leaders, project teams and various stakeholders to ensure projects effectively mitigate risks, resolve issues, and deliver as planned.  ·  Allocate and direct staff and other resources to accomplish project tasks and maintain control over project to ensure successful delivery.  ·  Review and maintain project financials, project documentation, quality assurance and ensuring the creation of action plans to address variances and effectively manage change controls.  ·  Business analysis, critical problem solving, variance and root cause analysis techniques to ensure on time delivery of product.  ·  Think analytically and can effectively apply logic to solve problems.  ·  Manage multiple projects, tasks, and resources through effective organization, prioritization, and time management practices to meet operational objectives.  Build and deploy the tools and processes to enable the resource sharing between the countries and across the different organizations. Field Technician Senior Associate Dxc Technology Co - San Diego, CA September 2005 to January 2013 • Provide on-site field support to customers including installation, service, repairing, upgrading and maintenance of complex systems and equipment.  • Provided consistently high levels of service and SLA's.  • Managed Workstation Refresh Project for site and acted as liaison with customers.  • Primary lead in UTC Fire & Security Migration Project at sites in CA, MN, NC, OR & Mexico.  • Security for Active Directory to create, delete, modify user accounts & email.  • Worked with client customers to understand requirements and provide exceptional IT service. System Administrator EDS, Inc - San Diego, CA February 2005 to September 2005 • Provided enterprise level backup and restore operations for the Navy & Marine Corps Intranet work.  • Provided data integrity and disaster recovery.  • Backed up Windows and UNIX servers, file clusters, Exchange systems and Oracle Databases.  • Restored Exchange mailboxes, Master Server Catalogs, customer mailboxes, public folders and files.  • Investigated any server related errors, verified configuration of servers including storage units, schedules and exclude lists.  • Performed daily Powderhorn vaulting, monitored tape drives, STK devices, verified correct media servers for backup policies, multi-hosted drives, and tape inventory.  • Worked with Helpdesk Manager to resolve IT problems, improve operations and provide exceptional customer service. Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Information Science Minnesota State University - Mankato, MN June 1998 Bachelor of Arts in Spanish Minnesota State University - Mankato, MN June 1998 Skills Time management, Risk management, Multitasking Additional Information Skills  Information Systems    Risk management    Time management    Infrastructure planning    Project multitasking