PROJECT MANAGER <span class="hl">PROJECT</span> <span class="hl">MANAGER</span> PROJECT MANAGER - BNSF Arnold, MO Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience PROJECT MANAGER BNSF Railway August 2016 to Present ·       Leads and mentors a work group of 45 FTE’s tomeet team established goals while providing safety and quality care.  ·       Responsible for retention, coaching, and professional development of team members.  ·       Presides over administrator duties, procurement, logistics and staging of inventory and supplies.  ·       Managed a 30 million budget with a cost savings of 7 million over previous year.  ·       Over sees daily operation while maintaining within the budgetary guidelines.  ·       Maintains adaptability with travel assignments and inclement weather variables.  ·       Identifies safety concerns and holds team members accountable to the company’s standard.  ·       Ensures units are installed according to system standards. ENGINEERING SUPPORT SUPERVISOR BNSF Railway July 2013 to August 2016 ·       Coordinated resources to ensure logged safety issues were resolved within the time allotted.  ·       Assisted division managers with administrator duties, procurement, logistics and staging of inventory and supplies.  ·       Performed budget analysis to identify cost savings and maximize capital opportunities.  ·       Supervised division maintenance of way employees. IT Technician RJW Logistics May 2012 to June 2013 ·       Implemented fully automated system to load, track and prioritize orders.  ·       Administered tracking system to troubleshoot, track and prioritize shortfalls; reported discrepancies to superiors.  ·       Provided technical support for trouble tickets, documenting cause and resolution of any limiting factors.  ·       Analyzed warehouse management systems; recommended improvements to ensure an effective working environment. Control Room Supervisor UPS June 2005 to May 2012 ·       Created daily operations plan for staff to follow, ensuring a productive shift.  ·       Maintained safe working environment for all staff; provided daily status reports to upper level management.  ·       Maintained local software to ensure equipment operated as designed.  ·       Effectively trained, developed and certified workforce to company standards achieving desired results. Education Bachelor's in Computer Information Systems Lewis University Skills Scheduling, Maintenance, Outlook, budget, Estimating, SAP (5 years), Excel (10+ years), Word