Senior Project Manager Senior <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Senior Project Manager Oceanside, NY Senior Project Manager with diverse and extensive experience in Project and Program Management, Business Analysis, Business Support and Process Improvement. Equal parts strategic thinker and detail-oriented.    Location: Greater New York City or Remote    • Able to coordinate multiple work streams and deliver on time in a fast-paced and cross-functional environment  • Self-motivated, proactive and hands-on with creative problem-solving skills to help move the project forward  • Strong sense of ownership and comfortable managing a variety of stakeholders across time-zones  • Highly-organized, process-driven and sees the holistic view while also paying great attention to detail  • Excellent oral and written communication skills and able to engage stakeholders at different levels and contexts  • Broad range of experience - IT, infrastructure, business support, client launches and enterprise implementations  • Working knowledge of integrated systems lifecycle development models and tools – i.e., Agile, waterfall, hybrid Work Experience Senior Project Manager RE:SOURCES A Publicis Groupe Company - Brooklyn, NY July 2014 to Present Re:Sources is the Shared Services support organization for Publicis Groupe, a leading multinational advertising and public relations company. Projects include:  • Migration to SAP's SuccessFactors Employee Central HRIS managing the integration with Enterprise infrastructure systems and processes  • Delivery of an Enterprise-wide intranet to promote productivity and collaboration throughout the organization using O365, SharePoint, Yammer and Box.  • End-to-end implementation of OnSolve's Send Word Now emergency notification system to 90,000+ employees globally. Effort included process development, systems integration, system configuration, user training and employee communications. IT Infrastructure Project Manager PLANET PAYMENT - Long Beach, NY December 2009 to March 2014 Planet Payment is an international credit card payment services provider.  • Responsible for managing all Corporate technology infrastructure projects ranging from customer launch implementations to network upgrades and deploying a disaster recovery data center for key business apps.  • Managed the deployment of a company-wide intranet using SharePoint 2010 as the base platform. Responsibilities expanded to include SharePoint Product Ownership and Administration.  • Key contributor to the introduction of project management process improvements and best practices. Framework included project planning templates, building a project collaboration website in SharePoint and a standard Work Breakdown Structure for IT initiatives. SVP, Senior Project Manager, Corporate Operations & Technology CITI - Melville, NY January 2000 to December 2008 Provided project, people, process and technical management to ensure delivery of quality results. Accomplishments include:  • Successfully managed global, complex Technology Infrastructure (TI) projects requiring the coordination of interdependent activities across multiple internal and external teams such as Infrastructure, Information Security, Engineering, Finance, Real Estate, Human Resources, Audit, Compliance and Vendor Management.  • Key contributor to the SWAT team created to formalize Citi's Technology Infrastructure Project Office framework and establish Project/Portfolio management lifecycle standards based on process improvements and best practices.  • Global Portfolio Manager for Citi's Merger and Acquisition (M & A) Technical Infrastructure workstream. Responsible for end-to-end management from Due Diligence through Legal Day One and Transition Services. Included network, desktop, server, storage, application, security and third-party access. Portfolio consisted of eight to fifteen concurrent deals at any given time with project teams ranging from 10 - 75 members. All projects completed within stringent legal deadlines and free of audit and compliance findings.  • Received a Citi Dazzle Award for the outstanding management of the Global Infrastructure Program for the $11.8 billion sale of the Travelers Life Insurance and Annuity business to MetLife. This complex set of projects impacted the business across five regions.  • Increased Corporate Security operational and cost efficiencies through the management of global, strategic infrastructure projects such as the migration of remote access to a VPN portal, centralization of perimeter firewall management and web hosting insourcing and consolidation.  • Managed Technology Infrastructure (TI) requirements and associated Shared Services financials as a Business Support Manager and liaison to Citi's internal businesses. Reduced infrastructure expenses by $2 million annually for the Private Bank and Asset Management through the optimization of technology spend. Account Manager SHARED TECHNOLOGIES - New York, NY 1997 to 1999 Developed and retained business accounts through the sale of NEC and Nortel Networks telecommunications equipment to corporate end users. Sales and Marketing Manager MER COMMUNICATION SYSTEMS, Inc - New York, NY 1991 to 1997 Marketed and sold PC-based call accounting and telemanagement systems. Experience includes determination of client needs and recommendation of appropriate use of product; establishment, training and support of national dealer network; and preparation and delivery of sales presentations. Created user manuals and press releases, managed trade shows and conducted quality assurance testing.  • Credited by management with strengthening company image and significantly increasing customer base through the development of new sales opportunities to both corporate and end users as well as major telecommunications manufacturers and resellers.  • Increased national product recognition through the development of product advertising, promotional literature and training and sales kits. Education B.S. in Computer Science Hofstra University - Hempstead, NY Certificate Stony Brook University Skills Team management, Security, Sharepoint, Microsoft Project, Information security, Jira, Shared services, Account management, Microsoft Office, Financial management, Business analysis, Strategic planning, M&A, Process improvement, Cost reduction, Agile, Budget Management Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/dschwartzblat Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) July 2009 to June 2021 Issued by Project Management Institute (PMI) Business Analyst Plus Certificate July 2009 to Present Issued by Stony Brook University Additional Information Areas of Expertise:  Client Implementations & Delivery • Account Management • Business Analysis • Process Improvement • Shared Services • Global Team Management • Strategic Planning • Collaboration • Mergers, Acquisitions and Divestitures (M&A) • Information Security & Risk • Cost Reduction & Avoidance • Budget & Financial Management • O365 • Microsoft Project • SharePoint Power User • ServiceNow • Agile • JIRA • SuccessFactors • Send Word Now