Agile IT Project Manager/ Scrum Master Agile <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>/ Scrum Master Agile IT Project Manager/ Scrum Master - HCSC/ BCBS Phoenix, AZ Work Experience Agile IT Project Manager/ Scrum Master HCSC/ BCBS - Chicago, IL April 2018 to Present Project Details: Projects worked on Worked on Wellbeing Management 1.0, Producer Management 1.0, HAS 2.0 reporting. ARA Migration, PIER Integration Platform - PIP    Worked on multiple projects mainly on health analytics applications, data providing for analytics and data migration. Projects included like providing eligibility file using claims data, treatment code data, producer's details, WebTrend data, Provider data etc.  Currently working on PIER Network - Kafka application and DEVOPS - application migration projects, Cloudbase to Open source Jenkins and Urban Code.  PIER Integration Platform Kafka team creating an adapter between two applications (Sales Force and PIER Network) as POC and later to connect various systems like PPW, Data lake, Credentials, Contract, Contact etc.    As a scrum master/ Project manager my Responsibilities to perform, but not limited to: - Own and execute Scrums, Responsible for successful delivery of product.    • Drives software delivery from user story creation to implementation, leverages appropriate software delivery practices to continuously improve software delivery, efficiency and quality.  • Working with release management team to find project release date, Number of sprints etc.  • Work with Product Owner, Business Analyst to groom the stories and prioritize the Backlog items and continuously working with Product owner to groom the stories of high values and creating a healthy Backlog and making stories ready for next two sprints. (also getting Definition of Ready and definition of Done for all stories).  • Facilitating ceremonies- sprint planning, scrum calls, team retrospectives)  • Provide leadership, direction and coaching to the team to encourage adoption of good agile practices and make the team as Self-managed /Self-Organized Teams  • Metrics managements, providing reports to ITPMs and other stakeholders like capacity planning and deriving at Team velocity, Sprint Productivity, Predictability by sprint, Sprint disruption, defect density, low-end target, high-end target etc  • Continual improvement: Continuously working with team and retrospective details to improve productivity of sprint.  • Remove impediments, blockers for the team(s) and escalate as appropriately    Also conducted Scrum-of-Scrum. Teams from upstream and downstream met to discuss dependencies. Inter team dependencies and impediments were discussed.  Kafka project was in SAFe agile. Attended PI meetings. Coordinated with Release Train Engineer, and other scrum masters. Discussed dependencies. Aligned our stories with other teams.  Having Development Background, I was able to lead the team in code review, code integration and technically helping guiding the team.    Worked in Scrum, Kanban, SAFe, OWF (Optimized Waterfall)  Tools for Scrum Management Jira and AgileCraft, Grafana for reports  Exposure to Big Data, Oracle, MQ, Kafka, SQL, SalesForce, Mulesoft and other Data-lake technologies.    Cognosante, Phoenix, AZ December 2015 to March 2108  Agile IT Project Manager/ Scrum Master    • Worked on project for Centre for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) Healthcare.gov.  • Working with release management team to find project release date, Number of sprints, team capacity etc.  • Work with Product Owner, Business Analyst to groom/refining the stories and prioritize the Backlog items and making stories of high business values and creating a healthy Backlog. Making sure that stories ready for next few sprints. (Definition of Ready and definition of Done for all stories).  • Facilitating ceremonies- Grooming, sprint planning, scrum calls, team retrospectives  • coaching to the team to encourage adoption of good agile scrum practices and make the team as Self-managed /Self-Organized Teams  • Monitoring metrics, providing reports to ITPMs and other stakeholders like capacity planning and deriving at Team velocity, Sprint Productivity, Predictability by sprint, Sprint disruption, defect density, low-end target, high-end target etc  • Continual improvement: Continuously working with team and retrospective details to improve productivity of sprint.  • Remove impediments, blockers for the team(s) and escalate as appropriately  • Responsible for the coordination and communication between key project stakeholders; planning, execute meetings, communicate project status and creation of standardized project reporting.  • Collaborated with development managers and Business to develop detailed scorecards, milestones based on business objectives, budget, time, scope.  • Translated client expectations into precise specifications for teams to clarify into defined schedules, milestones, tasks, and project deliverables.  • Managed scope, budget and timelines of project. Tracked efforts, defects and involved in planning IT roadmaps  • Introduced a dashboard system for daily updates and presented weekly status reports on work progress to Higher management and key stakeholders.  • Managed risks for development schedule and remove impediments by guiding team to remove them.  • Worked in Product Backlog estimation, dependency analysis, release recommendations, formulating release goals with the business product manager and team.  • Environment: MS Windows 10 , Jira, Clarity, Hadoop, MS Office, SQL Server, DB2, Oracle, Tableau, SharePoint, Agile Project Manager/Scrum master Florida Blue - Jacksonville, FL January 2014 to November 2015 • Responsible for managing all project dependencies, resource allocation/sizing and Proforma for an $11MM budgeted multi-year project, which the scope is to migrate all current Florida Blue Customer Enterprise Applications to new NASCO Platform.  • Plan and implement projects, Help define project scope, goals and deliverables, define tasks and required resources, Activity planning, Collect and manage project team, Cost estimating and developing the budget and Manage budget, allocate project resources, create schedule and project timeline, Controlling time management, Track deliverables. Analysing and managing project risk, Monitoring progress.  • Uses Rally, Clarity and SharePoint to update deliverables and track progress of tasks, dependencies, resources from within the PMO.  • Accountable for project delivery including meeting time, budget and quality standards and customer expectations. Following Waterfall/SDLC and Agile Methodologies within PMO.  • Creates and maintains relationships with stakeholders and team members in order to achieve mutual goals.    Also worked as scrum master in other project.  • Conducted Refinement session / Grooming, Maintained a healthy Backlog, Sprint backlogs, daily stand-up meetings, retro , Sprint Demos. Finding team velocity and individual velocity. Removed blockers, dependencies.  • Accomplishments  Link all project 200+ dependencies to project tasks on the project schedule and critical path. Conduct weekly status meetings and communicate/build relationship with 3rd party vendors. Facilitate project deliverables, action items and assumptions.    Environment: MS Windows XP/7, Rally, Clarity, DW/BI, Hadoop, MS Office, SQL Server, SQL, DB2, Oracle, Ab Initio and Tableau. Agile Project Manager All State, CA June 2012 to December 2013 • All State Insurance offers various insurance policies to customers like providing health, life and Auto Insurance. All State's Web Portal incorporates a wide range of features for policyholders and new customers. Worked on an application that took care of online account services which included member enrolment, account summary, billing history, online payments, updating customer profile, ordering auto insurance ID cards, claims, and subscriber billing. Project was involved in developing more efficient and quick-time response system for a higher performance at the user's end.  • Responsible for creating and managing the project artefacts, milestones and budget adhering specific SLA requirements.  • Responsible for using best practice PMO methodology to create a project plan to fit the stakeholder's/sponsor's needs and deliver on desired outcomes.  • Successfully mentored, implemented and incorporated some Agile methodology (daily sprints, sprint review meetings, sprint retrospective meetings) for managing the project from a Waterfall process to more of an agile process.  • Responsible for integrating Process Development activities by developing and maintaining project schedules for various applications and life cycle projects.  • Managed a included Big Data technology and customer's business requirements design and document a comprehensive technical architecture.  • Lead high-profile projects and programs that utilize internal and external personnel, contract firms, and partners.  • Provide leadership, coaching, and mentoring to core team members and provide feedback to functional leaders regarding team member's performance, training needs and ability to perform assigned tasks  • Maintained Sprint backlogs, held daily standup meetings, reviewed product backlogs, maintained sprint velocity/ burndown, removed ambiguity blockages, reviews, retrospectives, sprint and release planning, demos, regularly interfaced with business for User Story review and ranking.    Environment: MS Windows 7, Rally, Clarity, DW/BI, Bigdata/Hadoop, MS Project, MS Office, Java/J2EE, Oracle, HTML, SQL Server, SQL Agile IT Project Manager AT&T - Plano, TX January 2010 to May 2011 • The AT&T Partner Exchange program is looking to expand relationships with existing partners who resell and integrate various applications and services into their products. AT&T wants to draw upon the experience of these solution providers in opening new opportunities by opening more application programing interfaces (APIs) so solution providers can more easily incorporate AT&T infrastructure and services into their offerings.  • Working on Refurbished device promo, Rate cards update to customers.  • Worked on billing systems of AT&T like BDE bill to integrate with various systems.  • Managing project for accepting online payments from all the solution providers in AT&T.  • Responsible for scrum calls and scrum of scrum calls for all my projects.  • Working on Agile application lifecycle management and development tools Rally to track the user stories and status of user stories.  • Responsible for leading project tasks, plans, meetings and coordination associated with the program and projects.  • Responsible for ensuring work is accomplished in accordance with release schedule. Also responsible for Communicates progress, manages issues and risks and communicates to leadership, escalates when necessary.    Environment: MS Windows 7, Rally, Clarity, MS Project, MS Office, HTML, SQL, DB2, DW/BI, Database Administrator/ Project 2 as Project Manager Citibank, North America, LIC, NY October 2007 to December 2009 Responsible for  • To store and organize the data.  • Include capacity planning, installation, configuration, database design, migration, performance monitoring, security, troubleshooting, as well as backup and data recovery.  • Establish the needs of users and monitoring user access and security  • Map out the conceptual design for a planned database  • Consider both back-end organisation of data and front-end accessibility for end-users  • Refine the logical design so that it can be translated into a specific data model and then refining the physical design to meet system storage requirements  • Write database documentation, including data standards, procedures and definitions for the data dictionary (metadata)  • Develop, manage and test back-up and recovery plans  • Ensure that storage and archiving procedures are functioning correctly  • Commission and install new applications and customise existing applications in order to make them fit for purpose  • Manage the security and disaster recovery aspects of a database    As a Project Manager worked on infra project for ATMs  • Dealing and coordinating with around 40 teams while opening/closing/relocation of financial centers, ATMs, back offices and test labs.  • Responsible for deliverables from multiple teams before financial centers, ATMs, back offices and test labs opening and relocation target date.  • Managing, coordinating, facilitating, monitoring, and implementing assigned projects, tasks and associated cost estimates using project management discipline and adhering to defined industry standards.    Environment: MS Windows 7, MS Project, MS Office, Oracle, HTML, SQL Server, SQL, Project manager Texas Health and Human Service Commission - Austin, TX July 2006 to September 2007 Developed and presented the current and future state business models for a health care project that supported the transitioning of non-HIPAA compliant electronic transactions processing through the EDI Gateway to HIPAA compliant electronic transactions processing through a web portal known as the Availity Gateway    As Developer worked on application Designing UI screens and Technologies: JSF, Tomcat 5.5, Sql Server 2008.    Responsibilities and contributions:  • Interaction with Client for requirements, transforming requirements to design and project  implementation.  • Integration and Deploying to QA. Lead Programmer Maijosoft January 2004 to June 2006 Product Development projects    A Hospital management product was developed. the modules included doctor management, in-patient/out-patient management, Life Science and Pharmacy supplies within hospital, administration staff maintenance , paramedical staff maintenance, payments , salaries etc.  My role was in ICU Data Analysis System. Reports generated from the data obtained during treatment and various examinations and test results.    Environment: MS Windows XP, Dotnet- CSharp/VB.net, MS SQL Senior Software Engineer Maijosoft - Chennai, Tamil Nadu November 1992 to December 2003 Role: Sr. Software Engineer    • Started as Trainee Programmer and Played different roles as Developer, Data Analyst, Systems Analyst, Team Lead, Architect and Project Manager in providing IT Solutions and consulting to multiple clients. Specialized in different technologies and provided embedded solutions to the Hardware Manufacturing Unit, the second line of business of the organization. Worked in Application development, Product Developments, Web-based applications. Skills Database, Db2, Ms access, Oracle, Sql, Hdfs, Oozie, Sqoop, Hbase, Hadoop, Map reduce, Nosql, .net, C#, Vc++, Hadoop, Hbase, Hive, Html, Jfs Additional Information Organization skills- Represent operations by providing strong organizational skills, which can foster teamwork among staff, peers & cross-functional team; and maintaining open communication channels between staff and senior management in a dynamic business environment.    TECHNICAL SKILLS    Project Management Tools: Clarity, Rally, TFS, Jira, Grafana, AgileCraft, MS Project, Visio.    Programming Language Experience includes: C, JAVA, JQL, HTML, Python, C #.Net, VB.Net Visual Basic, SQL, VC++, C#.Net, VB.Net,  Technologies and tools: JFS, Tableau, Talend, HDFS, Map Reduce, Hive, Pig, Sqoop, Oozie, Hadoop, Hbase.  RDBMS/Database: MS SQLServer, MS Access, IBM DB2, Oracle, NOSQL