Senior IT Auditor Senior <span class="hl">IT</span> Auditor Senior IT Auditor - North Dallas Bank & Trust Co Grand Prairie, TX Work Experience Senior IT Auditor North Dallas Bank & Trust Co April 2016 to Present • Evaluate Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX) compliance controls, audit readiness, (SOC 1 Type 2 review), SSAE 18, SOC 1, 2 and 3, using COBIT and COSO frameworks. Good understanding of GDPR regulations.  • Coordinate the team to prepare risk-based audit plans and scope, detailed audit program, report findings, and present recommendations for improvement of clients' IT controls environment.  • Work as part of the IT Audit Team that performs PCI DSS controls testing for design appropriateness and operating effectiveness.  • Perform assessment of IT internal controls as part of financial statement audit, Internal and operational audits and Audit readiness.  • Perform risk assessments to determine objectives and scope of audits, the preparation of the audit plan, programs, and carrying out the audit process from planning, fieldwork (walkthroughs) PBC requests, reporting of findings and follow up, following applicable audit frameworks applicable to auditees IT environment.  • Test IT General Controls (ITGCs) and IT Application Controls, and IT infrastructure -Active Directory, Servers, databases and operating systems using various audit Frameworks and Computer Assisted Audit Techniques such as ACL etc.  • Test controls around ERP systems - Oracle Financials, JD Edwards, SAP, and PeopleSoft and other applications e.g. sage, Microsoft Dynamics, SailPoint, Deltek, Paychex, Mysup, CLASS and Cost point etc.  • Execute Transaction testing of segregation of duties to assist clients in improving their access management, user management, authorization management, authentication management and provisioning capabilities.  • Participate in post-implementation review of the SDLC for in house system and other key management controls.  • Document and track deficiencies, develop recommendations, remediation process and prepared audit reports. North Dallas Bank & Trust Co August 2014 to March 2016 • Performed the status of the internal control environment within business units and provide recommendation to bridge the gap between the current and recommended state.  • Conducted and supervised all aspects of the end-to-end IT audit process to include engagement planning, coordination, scope determination, risk and control identification, design of audit program procedures, testing, and evaluation and analysis of results.  • Prepared IT Audit program to include Access control, Change Management Control, IT Operations Control and IT Application Controls identified deficiencies in the design and operating effectiveness of controls and provide recommendations.  • Evaluated the design and effectiveness of technology controls throughout the business cycle.  • Evaluated the adequacy and effectiveness of the client's internal controls using a risk-based methodology developed from professional auditing standards, such as COBIT.  • Supported clients with audit readiness efforts. Project Manager North Dallas Bank & Trust Co November 2000 to July 2014 • Managed business improvement processes, business governance, technical platform mix, revenue strategies and marketing activities to better align with business objectives.  • Defined project objectives, requirements, and assumptions necessary to structure a project or activity  • Planned, scheduled, and controlled project activities to fulfill business objectives and satisfy project requirements  • Developed and drove integrated project plans, aligning project techniques with project strategy  • Served as the project advocate to management team, vendors and the client organization  • Led, coordinated, facilitated, and motivated all project resources to gain alignment on project goals and deliverables  • Led risk management within project teams, ensuring risks have appropriate mitigation and contingency plans  • Tracked project progress against timeline, milestones and budget, and revised as needed  • Reported project financials showing variances and metrics for budget, estimated cost, and the actual cost against billing  • Took ownership of any customer concerns, & rectifying them on a timely manner Education BPA in public Administration Ambrose Ali University 2000 Certifications/Licenses Driver's License