IT Senior Professional Project Management <span class="hl">IT</span> Senior Professional <span class="hl">Project</span> Management Baltic, CT Results driven Information Technology leader with extensive experience in managing multi-site, infrastructure and application teams at fortune 500 Insurance/Financial Services and Defense companies. Led moderate to highly complex transformation programs/ projects effectively integrating people, process and technology. Instrumental in cost savings, consistent governance rigor, managing matrixed project teams, and working with business partners exceeding delivery of objectives.    • Program & Project Management • Vendor Management • Financial Planning  • Staff Management & Development • Executive Communication & Negotiation Work Experience IT Senior Professional Project Management General Dynamics/Electric Boat Account - Groton, CT 2017 to Present Leads one or more medium to large sized projects with moderate to high complexity. Assists with defining requirements, designing and implementing project modifications and development.    • Led IT teams within DXC and General Dynamics/Electric Boat (GDEB) through moderate to highly complex infrastructure and application projects ensuring budgets and schedules were met. No incidence of spend exceeding approved budget. All initial project phases were completed within 12 weeks.  • Manages 2-5 infrastructure and application projects at a given time. Projects are at various stages of the project lifecycle between initiation and closure. Two highly complex and high risk projects included a total infrastructure environment upgrade for the Navy's Electronic Desktop application and development of a new Stage Gate Dashboard Business application. Stage Gate Dashboard application involved managing DXC and Deloitte Consulting Vendor personnel to support the launch of COLUMBIA and VIRGINIA Class of Submarine.  • Working with the GDEB Account team utilizes stringent DXC and GDEB project management methodologies and tools to provide accurate and timely project definition status, financial reporting and metrics. Participates in delivery assurance and account reviews.  • Assists in the staffing of projects. Organizes project team members to ensure communication and understanding of deadlines, assignments and objectives.    • Experience with client vision, business objectives and preparing detailed statements of work gaining concurrence and approval from stakeholders regarding various project aspects and adjusts accordingly.  • Experience working with techniques and approaches related to the architecture, development, integration and deployment of project phases. Portfolio and Financial Manager Voya Financial Enterprise Delivery Office - Windsor, CT 2015 to 2017 Provided execution and program metrics and data reporting for project status, resource forecasting and financials. Focus areas were Analytics, Digital, IT Simplification and Currency.    • Led IT teams through agility and cloud computing benefits program to achieve simplified data model/architecture and standard products achieving 2016 target of $8.7m in ongoing cost savings. Communicated saves and resource capacity and shortages linking project results to financial and business benefits.  • Provided strong leadership, portfolio and project data and resource forecasting analysis for projects that were not aligning with scope and budget. Improved project management resource and financial accuracy from 50% to 90% in 6 months.  • Managed significant shortfalls in project budgets requiring persistence and trust to gain acceptance of the data and strong collaboration to develop and execute a plan to resolve issues within timeframes. Portfolio and Program Manager Voya Financial - Windsor Locks, CT 2010 to 2015 Provided project and program management support leading teams through large scale operational and transformation programs managing $10m to $140m budgets.    • Managed the Technology Services Transformation Program to improve system availability and stability. Technical resources performed both engineering and operational functions (plan, build, run)  which stretched their focus and bandwidth. Implemented six projects within program which immediately demonstrated improved system availability and stability (e.g. mean time to restore reduced by 20% and outages caused by change reduced by 25%).  • Directed project team consisting of internal and external resources, vendor arrangements to implement within 90 days ING's first infrastructure and application consumption/charge back application. This effort provided business transparency of all IT volumes, costs and improved configuration management. Provided levers for business to control and eliminate IT spend.  • Led ING team of five and vendor team of six through $5.2m new implementation and ongoing production support for the Service Now application launching new Service Management ITIL processes. Improved transparency, consistency and adherence to standards for incident, problem, change and Business user requests of IT services.  • Led team of six, and matrixed teams of 20, through all project lifecycle phases of the alternative work arrangement project in response to key employee retention and office closures  • In Chief of Staff role, managed $190m department budget, workforce tracking and senior executive reporting and communications. Led productivity improvement efforts utilizing Six Sigma resulting in $500k/month savings first year and onetime $8m gap savings with $3.5m in ongoing savings. Program / Project Manager Voya Financial 2004 to 2009 Implemented PMO governance, project management support for Infrastructure and Application Services.    • Led ING's entire application footprint through outsourcing of all IT infrastructure operations to IBM totaling $25m in three years. Managed 22 work streams through application transformation involving 1,500 applications. Led teams of 440 in a matrixed resource model utilizing sourcing and vendor selection strategies. All work streams were delivered on time and within budget.  • Directed team of 26 in rehosting new application implementations into ING and IBM Data Centers on time and within budget. Retired 30 applications with first year savings $12m.  • Documented and presented extensive statement of work arrangements using RFI and RFP with HP, Cognizant, Infosys, TCS and Cap Gemini vendors. Successfully expanded onshore/offshore model for our application operations support freeing up technical resources for plan and build functions. Education MS in Finance Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute Skills Itil, Workday, Visio, Sharepoint, Ariba, Peoplesoft, Six sigma, Continuous improvement, Excel, Powerpoint, Word, Project Management, Program Management, Program Management, Project Management Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/debra-salvas Additional Information PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT/SKILLS    Microsoft Products ( Project, Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Visio), Clarity, SharePoint, Workday, Ariba, PeopleSoft eSRM, ITIL, Six Sigma Green Belt, Continuous Improvement (McKenzie Group).