Director of IT Director of <span class="hl">IT</span> Williamsville, NY Work Experience Director of IT Ashley Furniture HomeStores 2015 to Present Director of Information Technology working with a team of 3 Network Administrators for Help Desk support. consistently creating new efficiencies and improving our network infrastructure. Our current goals are removing all servers and on-premise hardware and working fully from the cloud.    • Successfully migrated from land lines to IP phones.  • Completing the switch of our data center to the cloud for an impressive ROI.  • Manages the relationships of external consultants and programmers, along with the professional development of an internal programmer. Ashley Furniture Homestores - Buffalo, NY 2001 to Present IT Project Manager / Network Administrator 2006 to 2015 Methodically ensures execution excellence over all aspects of the technology project activities to safeguard that established cost, time, quality and business goals are met.    • Effectively managed all IT projects elements including design, build, implementation, and training, upgrading and outsourcing if necessary.  • Skillfully acted as a project manager lead for executive management's strategic plans for business expansion and growth initiatives.  • Designed software to improve upon profitability and efficiency of business functions. Operations Manager 2003 to 2006 Oversaw and managed the scheduling and routing of 6 delivery teams to ensure exceptional customer satisfaction. Interviewed, hired, and trained employees; planning, assigning, and directing work; appraising performance, rewarding and disciplining associates.    • Created processes to more efficiently route Company delivery trucks, which proved to be substantial cost savings for the Company.  • Directly supervised 35 Customer Service, Scheduling, and Warehouse subordinate team members.  • Created standard operating procedures for newly established PDC warehouse location. Sales & Merchandising Manager 2001 to 2003 Created and conducted motivational and educational staff meetings on a daily and monthly basis. Assisted the Sales team with creating and achieving monthly productivity and bonus goals. Interviewed, hired, and trained employees; planning, assigning, and directing work; appraising performance, rewarding and disciplining associates.    • Internally promoted from a Sales Associate position after 8 months.  • Successfully completed an internal Manager in Training program to meet and achieve Company leadership expectations.  • Responsible for showroom presentation, including floor layouts and changes to merchandising. Education High school or equivalent Skills Data management, Software development, Crisis management, Relationship building, Capacity planning, Excellent written, Excellent written and verbal communication skills, Written and verbal, Leadership development, Word, training, retail sales, Strategic Planning, budget Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/cpclarke99