Global Domain Manager, IP Legal Global Domain <span class="hl">Manager</span>, IP Legal Global Domain Manager, IP Legal - PayPal Inc Davis, CA Work Experience Global Domain Manager, IP Legal PayPal Inc - San Jose, CA November 2013 to Present Partner with domain provider Mark Monitor to manage PayPal's 8000+ domain  portfolio. Coordinate with PayPal entities to provide requirements for new  domain registrations, enrollments and ownership changes. Ensure defensive  registration of all major brands, including Venmo, Xoom, Braintree and Paydiant.  • Provide domain support on launch of new products and promotions. Coordinate  with Infosec to ensure 3rd party hosted domains are reviewed and meet all  criteria to be considered legally compliant.  • Consult with business partners on the registration of gTLDs, ccTLDs and nTLDs.  Research and acquire domains owned by 3rd parties. Support the acquisition of new business entities, consolidate domain portfolio and transfer into  management.  • Partner with TM Attorney on brand enforcement activities. Identify 3rd parties  who have infringed on PayPal's brand, execute enforcement letters, and recover  domains.  • Instrumental in 8-figure sale of x.com to Elon Musk in 2017. Researched and de- commissioned domain and coordinated with Mark Monitor to identify the  preferred buyer and complete the sale. Project Manager / Client Manager, Client Services Corporation Service Company - Santa Clara, CA January 2006 to October 2013 Responsible for executing operational tasks and leading global and regional  projects to support MIT's Client Services Organization. CSC acquired Melbourne  IT in March 2013.  • Coordinate with EMEA and APAC Operations Managers to insure consistent  support processes between the regions.  • Manage the on-boarding of new clients into MIT's DBM database and customer  portal. Transfer client's domain portfolio to MIT's suppliers and support  infrastructure, while ensuring zero downtime and zero domains lost during the enrollment process.  • Develop and maintain critical process documentation used by the Digital Brand  Services Organization. Manage audit process to keep TLD requirement and process documentation up to date.  • Received "Above & Beyond" award for support of Customer Account Review  program.    Domain Specialist Supervisor  • Began as Domain Specialist with the DBMS Organization of VeriSign, Inc., which was acquired by Melbourne IT in September 2009.  • Supervised team of 4 Domain Specialists in the Digital Brand Services  Organization of Melbourne IT.  • Provided domain name management and consulting services for enterprise  clients world-wide.  • Provided weekly reporting of order inventory levels to Management, administer  performance reviews, manage client escalations and departmental priorities.  • Process new orders from enterprise clients, consult with Client Managers and Sales on domain requirements and processes for ccTLD and gTLDs in 200+  countries. Provided support for new product launches. Manage supplier  consolidation and domain migration projects.  • Received two "Above & Beyond" awards for exceptional service during product  launches, and the 'Outstanding Employee Service award' in 2010. Senior Application Specialist TOTAL COMPENSATION SOLUTIONS INC - Reno, NV January 2004 to December 2005 • Worked with clients to prepare employee payroll and benefit data required to populate the TCS database, and to design custom compensation statements.  • Delivered and installed application software, provided technical and application  training, and provided first-level support to TCS clients.  • Developed and maintained product documentation and the TCS website. IT Project Manager AGILENT TECHNOLOGIES - Santa Clara, CA September 1998 to June 2003 • Managed projects for the IT Global Infrastructure Organization. Responsible for managing the testing, delivery and implementation of software applications to  30,000 Agilent employees worldwide.  • Received Agilent "Spark-of-Insight" award for defining and developing a process  to coordinate and communicate the testing of software applications at Agilent  field and factory sites worldwide.  • Managed the upgrade of 1600 PC clients' worldwide for 150 external Business  Partners of Agilent Technologies in preparation for the migration to Oracle and Siebel applications. Accomplished upgrades successfully on time, with zero  downtime for Agilent's external vendors.  • Managed the migration of 1500 employees from several HP facilities to the Santa  Clara site in support of the HP-to-Agilent transition. Migrated customers to local  Santa Clara site ID2 and File Servers with minimal interruption to their IT  services. IT Solution Specialist HEWLETT-PACKARD INC - Palo Alto, CA January 1984 to August 1998 Palo Alto CA Jan 1984 to Aug 1998  PC Client Support  • Provided PC client support for 2,000 site customers. Setup and configured  desktop and laptop PC's, perform TCP/IP configuration, answered help desk calls, and resolved customer's PC problems. Provided PC consulting and training for  site customers.  • Managed the upgrade of 2,000 desktop and laptop PC's from Windows 3.1 to Windows NT/95. Analyzed client PC's and consulted with customers on hardware  issues and upgrades. Migrated customers from LMX to NT file servers.    IT Solution Integration Specialist  • Provided customer and technical support for HP manufacturing, billing and cost  accounting applications on the HP3000.  • Supported and maintained customer query reporting applications for the Santa  Clara site. Provided customer training, maintained Data Dictionary, and implemented new software releases.  • Managed project team to migrate and consolidate the financial and manufacturing applications from three HP3000 Series 70's to an HP3000/XL,  resulting in reduction of batch processing times by 50% and lower monthly  maintenance costs.    Programmer/Analyst, Information Technology  • Provided customer and technical support for several HP manufacturing software  applications on an HP3000, using Cobol 85.  • Recommended and developed modifications, researched customer questions, monitored production processing, maintained JCL, and performed disaster  recovery testing. Education B.S. in Business Administration MIS San Diego State University - San Diego, CA Skills PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT, CLIENT MANAGEMENT