Project Manager/Supervisor <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>/Supervisor Lower Burrell, PA Work Experience Project Manager/Supervisor BNY Mellon - Freeport, PA September 2015 to Present Maintain and develop tactical control of project budgets and timelines to keep team on-task and achieve schedule targets and ensure productivity.  • Manage the business proposal for new project support infrastructure.  • Create a website that cataloged all of the division's training material and created a single point of submission for access issues.  • Develop a flexible platform in SharePoint, which enable to easily track access requests and improve productivity.  • Establish criteria for each milestone within product roadmap as a means to measure developmental progress. Trainer BNY Mellon - Lower Burrell, PA September 2010 to September 2015 Developed training programs to meet company objectives.  • Created specific technical training for level 1 support analysts.  • Collected information about company objectives and employee deficiencies to assess training needs.  • Coordinated with corporate leadership to identify training and development opportunities to optimize performance.  • Reviewed the effectiveness of programs and proposed updates to maximize success and ensure revenue growth. Supervisor BNY Mellon - Freeport, PA October 2009 to September 2010 Integrated logistics systems into company processes to improve operations and manage business strategies.  • Worked with the management team to implement the proper division of responsibilities.  • Maintained compliance with company policies, objectives, and communication goals.  • Utilized standard operating procedures, resource management, communication, and procedures specific for the company.  • Supervised a team with 130+ members and evaluated their performances. Analyst BNY Mellon - Freeport, PA October 2008 to October 2009 Worked effectively with cross-functional design teams to create software solutions that elevated the client-side experience and significantly improved overall functionality and performance.  • Established online configuration knowledge base to support functionality by developing robust system application overview.  • Interfaced with a cross-functional team of business analysts, developers, and technical support professionals to determine a comprehensive list of requirement specifications for new applications.  • Evaluated the importance of different business intelligence data against needs to determine optimal courses of action.  • Led cross-functional teams to analyze and understand enterprise-wide operational impacts and opportunities. IT Procurement Tech FedEx Ground - Coraopolis, PA March 2004 to June 2008 IT Procurement Tech  Assisted FedEx Ground technology managers with evaluating and purchasing new equipment. This enabled those managers to focus on managing projects and personnel rather than placing orders.  • Identified new and more cost-effective suppliers through participation in industry networking events, purchasing advantageous packages, and cutting costs.  • Researched new vendors and partners to obtain the most cost-effective pricing for goods, saving the company's yearly budget.  • Reduced production downtime by overseeing quality control and assembly.  • Managed quality assurance program including on site evaluations, internal audits, and customer surveys.    Accomplishments:  • Helped FedEx Ground saved over $270,000 in equipment costs during the lifecycle of the HP 4250.  • Assisted in defining the parameters of that form and the process in which the users would order their equipment. Education Bachelor's Degree in IT Project Management Point Park University - Pittsburgh, PA Associate in Specialized Business Degree-Computer Management in Network Engineering ICM School of Business & Medical Careers - Pittsburgh, PA High School Diploma Springdale High School - Springdale, PA Skills Product management, Sharepoint, Dreamweaver, .net, Html, User interface, Jira, Mainframe, Linux, Java, Business analysis, Risk management, Strategic planning, Office management, Acrobat, Adobe acrobat, Excel, Powerpoint, Word, Photoshop Links http://linkedin.com/in/denniseconnelly Certifications/Licenses Six Sigma Yellow Belt Present ITIL Foundations Certificate in IT Service Management Present Additional Information CORE SKILLS  ? Product Iteration  ? Risk Management  ? Business Analysis  ? Problem Resolution  ? Office Management  ? Scope Management  ? Project Management  ? Product Management  ? Process Improvement  ? Process Management  ? General Administration  ? Cross Functional Teams  ? Operations Productivity  ? Business & Revenue Growth  ? Business Process Improvement  ? Strategic Planning & Execution  ? Analytical & Problem Solving Skills    RELATED SKILLS    • Moderate programming knowledge in HTML  • Basic experience in Access up to release 2013.  • Basic programming knowledge in .NET and Java.  • Familiar with navigating a mainframe user interface.  • Able to handle A+ Hardware issues with relative ease.  • Experience in using Kanban & Scrumban Methodologies  • Proficient in the use of Windows client operating systems.  • Experience in using Atlassian products JIRA and Confluence.  • Some knowledge of Windows Server and Linux operating systems.  • Proficient in the use of Word, Excel, and PowerPoint applications to version 2016  • Familiar with the FedEx/BNY Mellon Organizations, their business practices, and their service culture.  • Proficient use in Adobe Acrobat and moderate skills in Adobe Photoshop, Dreamweaver, and Audition.  • Proficient in developing a SharePoint website to create lists, document libraries, and manage information.