Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager Dunedin, FL ? Data collection and analysis   ? Creative problem solver  ? Exceptional organizational skills   ? Performance metrics specialist  ? Analytical thinker   ? Public speaking  ? Project management   ? Personal data collection policy development  ? Vendor sourcing   ? Unsurpassed work ethic  ? Organized   ? Results-oriented  ? Troubleshooting   ? Detail-oriented Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager Transportation Security Administration June 2012 to July 2013 Charged with providing a wide range of administrative and analytical duties in the conduct of projects and studies of substantive functions to improve the overall work operation.  ? Project-managed multiple multi million dollar construction build-outs, renovations and installations. Management & Program Analyst Federal Air Marshal Service April 2004 to May 2012 Supplied leadership for highly complex and challenging activities and oversaw the development, utilization and maintenance of "FAMIS", the Federal Air Marshal Service's only "system of record" database.  ? Spearheaded the FAMS off-site Administrative Support Building expansion project.  ? Led the effort to expand and renovate the Federal Air Marshal Information System (FAMIS) system. Drafted monthly reports on FAMIS software defects, problem management and change control.  ? Executed budget amendments for projects such as the Aircraft Simulator project. IT Support Center Manager SAIC December 2001 to March 2004 While managing over three-dozen support specialists, sought out vendors of IT Support Center technology, reviewed their various products, and requested pricing for delivery and installation of that technology.  ? Established a series of preliminary and rudimentary requirements for a "Phase 1" Help Desk operation.  ? Interviewed and hired a nationwide cadre of IT Support Center Specialists, and their management, to provide on-site support for the Federal Air Marshal Service (FAMS) IT network and desktop equipment.  ? Assisted the initial IT "swat team" with the installation, configuration and maintenance of the operational equipment (PCs, printers, switches and routers, etc.) in the first five remote FAMS field office locations.  ? to build and follow a phased implementation plan for the proposed installation of a robust IT Support Center for the FAMS knowledge worker. Project Manager Alternative Resources Corporation October 1993 to November 2001 As the Project Team Lead, provided technical and administrative leadership for a five-member team installing and configuring a new national software roll-out.  ? Coordinated travel, shipping and site logistics for the team's installation of MS-Office, MS-Mail and Lotus Notes on 550 laptops at E&Y sites throughout the Northeast.  ? Developed two sets of technically detailed procedures for each step of every operation, one for the technical staff and one for the end-user. Advisory Systems Analyst IBM USA July 1992 to July 1992 Identified, classified and repaired various software defects associated with VSE/ESA mainframe operating systems, while delivering the highest levels of customer satisfaction.  ? Participated in the team development of a strategy for the implementation of electronic publishing by IBM and IBM's principal customers.  ? Constructed the marketing support plan for IBM's Electronic Publishing Services and demonstrated all facets of electronic publishing on various IBM PCs and mainframe platforms.  ? Developed, tested and delivered a "debug" manual, which reduced IBM customers' non-operational "down-time" due to IBM mainframe software defects by 25%.  ? Instructed IBM customer service engineers in the proper application of these techniques at key IBM USA sites. Education Applied Marketing Management Richard Stockton College of NJ - Pomona, NJ September 1997 Bachelor Of Science in Marketing Fairleigh Dickinson University - Florham Park, NJ May 1970 Skills PM, Project Management, Estimating, budget, maintenance, Outlook, Scheduling, Microsoft Office, accounting, Excel Awards MISCELLANEOUS: Publications  • 4331/VSE System Problem Determination Guide (Z229-0450), 1982  • Member of Field Engineering Division's National Task Force  • VSE System Problem Determination Seminar - Instructor's Guide, (S150-0383-0, Course Code 90404), 1982, co-authored with Kenneth S. Johnsen    Professional Organizations  • Project Management Institute, member since 2005  • Help Desk Institute Bronze Membership, since 2002  • New Jersey Association of Realtors, member since 1993  • Who's Who Among Students in American Universities and Colleges, 1969-70    Certifications  • A+ Certification    Awards and Honors  IBM Awards:   • IBM Means Service Award, 1977, 1984   • IBM Region Manager's Award, 1977              • IBM Vice President’s Award, 1982                • IBM Suggestion awards totaling more than $10,000    ARC Awards:   • ARC Technician of the Month - Edison Branch Office, 1995  • ARC New York Region Service Excellence Award, 1995  • ARC Technical Employee of the Year - New York Region, 1995    OAO Awards:   • Office of the AVN Program Director, "Site Renovation" Citation, 1999  • ACYFIFO Manager's "Superior Achievement" Memorandum, 2000  • DOT "Certificate of Appreciation", 2000  • OAO AVN Support Team "Customer Appreciation" Award, 2000  • OAO "Superior Achievement" Award, 2000 Assessments Organizational Skills — Expert April 2019 Arranging and managing information or materials using a set of rules. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/xkd3g3utrc-yhafa Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.