IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager Naperville, IL Project management professional poised in constructing dynamic, top-producing customer service and product support through proven success in leadership and management; dynamic in delivering exceptional results in mitigation, relationship and team building, solutions implementation, timely service delivery, product positioning, excellent analytical and strategic thinker. Work Experience IT Project Manager United Airlines - Elk Grove Village, IL 2018 to 2019 Signature Consultants)  • Knowledge of project metrics, including gathering, reporting, trend analysis, creation, and metrics.  • Ability to identify issues and problems, generate solutions and choose appropriate alternatives using basic root cause analysis.  • Proficient in all of MS Office applications, MS Project and/or Visio.  • Highly organized with good time management skills. Customer service oriented and strong interpersonal skills.  • Analytical thinker with creative problem-solving skills and attention to detail  • Develop integrated baseline project plans applying estimating models, identify resources and skills required, document estimating assumptions, refine plans and manage performance against them.  • Experience in Cloud and IT transition, transformation, and migration management  • Managed multiple projects to assess existing hosting security controls and planned for the migration of existing applications  • Identified, documented, and escalated any performance issues and skills deficiencies of members of the project team to the appropriate management team.  • Prepared high-level project plans to satisfy Customer requirements to identify potential implementation options and provide recommendations on implementation approaches.  • Established change management procedures should project plans or schedules be used.  • Ensured project designs and specifications provide a reliable blue print for implementation.  • Collaborated with senior management to incorporate new trends and practices in current and future solutions.  • Responsible for developing detailed project plans, ensuring resource availability and allocation and delivering every project on time within budgets as much as $2 million.  • Develop a detailed estimate of the level of effort, schedule and budget necessary to successfully develop and deliver the solution meeting the requirements and quality expectations.  • Developed & executed complex effective projects throughout the project development lifecycle of the project.  • Served as a mentor and shared expertise with project managers and project team members.  • Created and managed all the accepted project management deliverables including the project charter, project plan, budget, resource plan, risk plan, support plan, implementation plan and other deliverables as required  • Provide regular status reports to stakeholders, sponsors, the enterprise, and others  involved in the project.  • Enhanced organizational initiatives by positively influencing and supporting change management initiatives within assigned areas of responsibility.  • Effectively coordinate with the various technology, business, and vendor teams to ensure the project's success. Project Manager Comcast Business Services - Naperville, IL 2011 to 2017 • Successfully manage the installation of Comcast products, generating revenue of $250K in 2017; significantly generated connects reaching up to 92% of the 2017 budget fiscal year, continuing significant progression and growth  • Successfully manage the installation of Comcast products, generating revenue of $150K in 2016; Significantly generated connects reaching up to 83% of the 2016 budget fiscal year, continuing significant progression and growth  • Continually seek solutions when obstacles were presented; delivered on all commitments; and a champion of positive, results-oriented culture that achieved greater results  • Experience with Salesforce.  • Serve as the primary interface with identified customer IT liaison between technical personnel, vendor, and VAR; Create and process installs for various products such as BVE/VOIP, SIP, PRI coax and fiber customers  • Establish dates required for on time completion of network activations and evaluates impact of change to the overall installation timeline  • Identify risks, issues, and gaps that could impact timelines, goals, and installation of services  • Experience in Cloud and IT transition, transformation, and migration management  • Managed multiple projects to assess existing hosting security controls and planned for the migration of existing applications  • Facilitate required meetings; prioritizes cross-functional activities as related to the installations being managed, and develop communications, summary reports, and status for various audiences; provides accurate installation status information in the form of formal briefings, program/ project coordination meetings, and written/graphical reports  • Serve as a lead/liaison for field escalation and the quota team  • Maximize the success of Comcast kick-offs through recognized collaborative leadership and cross-communication and support for other regions Quota Specialist/ Interim Trainer Wide Open West Cable, Phone and Internet - Naperville, IL 2008 to 2011 • Served as Main point of contact for 250 Field Technicians  • Trained dispatchers on how to monitor the technicians in the field  • Ensured dispatchers knew the critical points of contact to all departments.  • Proactively influenced peers on how to analyze statistical data  • Provided solutions for internal customers, which led to higher external customer satisfaction. Dispatcher SM&P Utility Resources, Inc - Naperville, IL 2006 to 2008 • Coordinated drivers, equipment, and crews across various field locations.  • Advising personnel about route or traffic problems.  • Maintaining records of mileage, fuel use, repairs and other expenses.  • Resolving all matters relating to Drivers in a fair and expedient manner Education PMP Certification Western Governors University - Salt Lake City, UT Present Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/tarina-deshazier-24a4b165