Senior Project Manager (Contractor) Senior <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> (Contractor) Senior IT Project/Program Management Professional Mount Laurel, NJ Accomplished Information Technology professional with extensive experience delivering business value for various work processes in mid to large corporations through IT project delivery, system implementation, and vendor management. Demonstrated ability to work in a highly matrixed environment across multiple geographical regions. Recognized for the ability to coach and mentor less experienced colleagues while fostering an environment for high productivity. Effective communicator at all levels of an organization. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior Project Manager (Contractor) CITY OF PHILADELPHIA - Philadelphia, PA February 2017 to Present • Supported the Philadelphia Water Department's capital planning program by replacing its homegrown system with a commercial off the shelf solution that enabled better overall capital planning and fund allocation through tightening up key capital project work processes and providing senior management with timely access to true project costs.  • Worked closely with line managers across multiple units to prioritize business needs in the capital planning program.  • Worked closely with senior management to understand strategic direction and shape multi-year program road map. Senior Project Manager, ITS AMERICAN WATER - Cherry Hill, NJ April 2016 to January 2017 • Enhanced HR / Payroll inbound tickets management process through implementing and transitioning call center agents to a new HR Case Management system. Planned self-serve portal implementation to offer employees better services by shifting HR/Payroll inbound calls to an automated on-line process.  • Improved Legal record retention process by enabling impact analysis capability for internal and regulations updates.  • Avoided costly rework by regularly level setting expectations with key stakeholders on scope and success factors.  • Managed work plans with a cross-functional team and vendors through collaboration and accountability.  • Handled project risks / issues through consistent process and judgment - project vs. Steering Team levels.  • Delivered concise and clear communication to senior leadership through regular reports and steering team updates.  • Provided senior leadership research support to develop program roadmaps for assigned business work processes. Information Systems Project Manager THE DOW CHEMICAL COMPANY - Philadelphia, PA June 2014 to April 2016 • Helped creating business value by delivering concurrent high visibility IT projects for multiple work processes through partnering with business champions and managing a cross functional team in a highly matrixed environment.  • Assisted to realize $5M productivity gain from a key divestiture by delivering a CRM service implementation.  • Increased Finance's operating efficiency by delivering the strategic SAP HANA Cloud platform to support high business value projects like automating Expense Forecast for over 2000 users.  • Acted as a single point of contact to provide Executive level project status update to Steering Team (Program Managers and Senior Directors) on a regular basis.  • Ensured project success through timely risk management and level setting expectations on mitigation plans.  • Handled teams' conflicts through promoting open dialogs and facilitating agreements towards common project goal.  • Supported project team members' development by mentoring and providing timely and constructive input.  • Supported Dow's Program Management Office continued process improvement by making sound recommendations. Global IT Project Manager FIRMENICH, INC - Plainsboro, NJ January 2011 to June 2014 • Successfully supported commercial functions by delivering global IT projects with up to $1.5M budget through a cross- functional project team across multiple geographical regions.  • Delivered a cross-functional application that facilitated the reformulation management process in the Perfumery division resulting in $700k cost & risk reduction.  • Led a cross divisional CRM initiative that yielded $18M benefits in cost and risk reductions  • Transitioned high traffic commercial applications affecting 6000 users to a more technological stable environment to improve performance and availability.  • Supported business case development (CAPEX and OPEX over 5 years, payback period, NPV, IRR) through working closely with business stakeholders and financial controller for complex projects of assigned business work processes.  • Led RFP processes for software package solutions and system integrators selections.  • Managed project sponsors' expectation through delivering timely status reports and regular Steering Team meetings.  • Managed business relationship of assigned areas through understanding business needs and exploiting project opportunities that aligned with business objectives. IT Project Manager / Senior Systems Analyst OKI DATA AMERICAS, INC - Mount Laurel, NJ October 2008 to January 2011 • Led a cross-functional team in a SAP service implementation integrating service entitlement; sales/service transactions; purchasing and settlement processes on various Oki Customer Service's programs - warranty exchanges, on-site service, and self-service warrant claims resulting in an overall 35% fraudulent claims reduction.  • Contributed to success of a new business line Managed Print Services by delivering feasible IT solutions.  • Proactively managed business relationship through timely delivery of systems projects in various business areas such as Sales, Marketing, Distribution and Customer Service through internal resources and vendors.  • Managed user acceptance test and expectation throughout project life cycle to ensure acceptance of deliverables.  • Handled issues through resolution and timely communicated realistic project status to stakeholders.  • Mentored less experienced IT staff to ensure technical approaches in alignment with IT strategic direction and to meet business objectives. Systems Analyst OKI DATA AMERICAS, INC - Mount Laurel, NJ October 2005 to October 2008 • Served as a functional lead on SAP CRM Sales Force Automation (SFA) delivery resulting in more accurate sales forecast that led to 21% drop in inventory level due to improved inventory mix that better matched customer demand.  • Supported a key Marketing initiative by implementing a tracking solution in SAP CRM through internal and external resources that helped collaborating Sales and Marketing effort on targeted end user market segment.  • Assisted driving end user traffic to Oki's dealer channel by delivering a user friendly online dealer locator through integrating business requirements from Sales, Marketing, and Customer Service.  • Partnered with Contract department to develop and execute Statement of Works for outsourced project works.  • Partnered with vendors and managed them to deliver projects that met business needs.  • Developed and managed user acceptance test for in house and outsourced SAP CRM projects. Senior Developer Analyst OKI DATA AMERICAS, INC - Mount Laurel, NJ October 2001 to October 2005 Led a development team to design and deliver process improvement for Canadian B2C on-line store that enabled real time online ordering for Canadian end user channel resulting in staff time saving in manual order entry; and automated warranty claims that integrated with SAP back-end resulting in 90% staff time saving in order rekeying. Education BA in Management Information Systems University of Hawaii - Honolulu, HI Project Management and Advanced Strategic Project Management Villanova University Skills Project Management, Systems Integration, Microsoft Project, Business Relationship Management, Vendor Management, RFP / SOW, Cross Functional Team Management, COTS (e.g. SAP and others) and Custom Application Development Delivery, Microsoft Project, Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Visio), Transact SQL, Business Process Improvement, Change Management, integration, Customer Service, E-Commerce, CRM, Microsoft SharePoint, Business Case Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/tangvu Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) June 2011 to June 2022 Certified ScrumMaster (CSM) August 2017 to August 2021