Senior Project Manager AV/ IT Senior <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> AV/<span class="hl">IT</span> Provide Project Management AV/ IT Dracut, MA Work Experience Senior Project Manager AV/ IT Randstad / Partners Healthcare Information Systems October 2018 to July 2019 services for medium to large audio-visual integration  projects at client facilities, such as new buildings under construction or high-use, high- visibility conference rooms and amphitheaters. Project Management services include  scoping the project with end-users, producing an audio-visual design with recommendations that fit the desired timeline and budget, handling vendor bidding and  selection, overseeing vendor workmanship, signing-off on the work performed, and providing end-user documentation and training. Provide programmatic, technical, and  event support for video technology located at various hospital sites.    Responsibilities include responding to trouble tickets from physicians and end-users, assisting in the coordination of events where the video technology will be used for  educational purposes, drafting policies and procedures regarding the proper use of the technology, and vendor management.    Maintain and support the Crestron Fusion application for the remote monitoring of audio-visual equipment located in collaborative meeting spaces throughout the campus.  Provide Project Management support, consulting, advice, maintenance, and integration  work, as needed by request or by any existing rotations for all conference rooms and collaborative meeting spaces. Work closely and effectively with senior level  stakeholders on major audio-visual initiatives and projects, providing expert advice, reports, and documentation as needed. Provide quick and friendly service to all  customers seeking audio-visual assistance, maintenance, or advice.    Provide primary technology consulting services for proposed clinical applications, using  knowledge of videoconferencing systems and how they integrate into a clinical setting.  Provide audio-visual planning (to include design, timeline, budget, vendor relations, and support) to large events conducted on behalf of Client departments, such as symposia,  conferences, and seminars. Provide after-hours technical support for clinical  applications utilizing audio-visual and/or videoconferencing equipment as part of a pager rotation schedule. Senior Project Manager Whitlock Group - Burlington, MA 2015 to 2018 Manage, coordinate and supervise the work of Whitlock Group's staff, subcontractors, consultants, project principals and managers. Responsible for complete project  management, supporting client relations, provision of technical and sales and customer  support. Design and implementation of high definition video conferencing/presentation  systems (see below). Lead agent in setting up brand new brick and mortar office for Whitlock in New England. This included real estate research and development,  transferring of assets from other offices, and development and establishment of vendor  relationships and contracts in the New England office. Responsible for running the office and fulfilling all roles while recruiting required staff. Senior Project Manager AVI-SPL - Hopkinton, MA 2010 to 2015 Manage, coordinate and direct the work of AVI-SPL staff, subcontractors and other  cooperative trade and project principals/ managers. Responsible for client relations, provision of technical and sales support as well as problem resolution. Design and  implementation of high definition video conferencing/presentation systems, including  Cisco, Polycom, Sony and Life-size systems. Responsible for procurement, installation, and testing of video conferencing suites. Design and implement training for clients  internationally. Manage the integration of video conferencing suites through final  commissioning stages with an on time on budget mentality. Senior Account Manager Axis Business Systems - Portsmouth, NH 2009 to 2010 Responsible for audio-video design, integration and technology accounts. Sales, management of client base and contact for all audio-visual leads. Provide sales support  and problem resolution. Lead agency contact for product vendors. Provide support to internal departments regarding AV issues and interface with Development Engineers regarding product development. Provide technical support for customers. Channel Partners Manager Single Source Group - Nashua, NH 2007 to 2009 Responsible for developing relationships with architects, general contractors, electrical  contractors and similar trades. Provide project management including provisioning of technical resources to the field as needed. Provide sales support and problem  resolution. Lead agency contact for product vendors. Provide support to internal  departments regarding AV issues and interface with Development Engineers regarding product development. Provide technical support for customers. Project Manager Technical Operations Division - Wilmington, MA 2004 to 2007 Supervise and coordinate the fabrication, assembly, installation, testing and service of audiovisual and digital media system projects. Manage, coordinate and direct the work of  Yorktelecom staff, subcontractors and other cooperative trade and project principals.  Responsible for client relations, provision of technical and sales support as well as problem  resolution. Design and implementation of standard definition and high definition video  conferencing/presentation systems, including Tandberg/Cisco, Polycom, Sony and Life-size  systems. Completion of project reports and exceptions reporting. Manager Department of Audiovisual Engineering - Chelmsford, MA 1999 to 2004 Manager of the Audiovisual Department for CourtSmart, an "INC. 500", high-tech, corporation in which engineers and installs digital recording systems in courtrooms, law enforcement and other  government venues worldwide. Responsible for design of all digital recording systems, including  signal flow and control circuit design for planned worldwide installation. Schedule all installations  and complete bills of materials, purchase orders and work orders. Conduct site visits and represent CourtSmart at pre-installation meetings with subcontractors regarding cable  installation. Travel nationwide and install CourtSmart Systems. Train and supervise 2 in-house  and 3 out-of-state AV Technicians. Lead agency contact for product vendors. Research, review  and testing of AV products. Provide support to internal departments regarding AV issues and interface with Development Engineers. Education Associate in Recording Arts Northeast School of Recording - Boston, MA 1994 Diploma Greater Lowell Vocational Technical High School 1983 Skills Outlook, Scheduling, Customer Service, Microsoft Project, Word, budget, Sales, Estimating Certifications/Licenses OSHA 30 September 2016 to September 2016 OSHA 30