Contract Project Coordinator Contract <span class="hl">Project</span> Coordinator Work Experience Contract Project Coordinator August 2013 to Present IT Project Coordinator Steel Partners January 2019 to April 2019 • Provided strategic operational and administrative support to IT project managers and the CIO.  • Coordinated a high-level view of the project details, milestone and statuses via Asana.  • Assisted with billing, time and expense tracking via Excel reports.  • Gathered content, edited and created PowerPoint presentations for national meetings.  • Created meeting agendas, documented minutes, logged action items, and risks.  • Managed arrangements for special meetings and trainings, including securing speaker contracts. IT & Operations Project Coordinator Northern Trust July 2018 to October 2018 • Provided the IT Program Manager with administrative support for project documentation, status tracking and communications via SharePoint and Microsoft Project.  • Tracked vendors and invoices and created reports for the Finance Department.  • Documented forecasting contractor hours and tracked completed hours on a monthly basis.  • Facilitated and recorded minutes for virtual meetings with team members and matrix partners.  • Managed schedule changes, task listing, deliverables collection and weekly status updates.  • Documented and followed-up on action items and decisions from meetings.  • Communicated project changes, processed change requests and recorded the resolutions. IT & Operations Project Coordinator BMO Harris - Toronto, ON August 2017 to February 2018 • Functioned as an IT Department office manager, and provided IT Executive support in the Chicago office for executives and a team located in Toronto.  • Managed training, travel, event planning, invoicing, meeting management, and ticket escalations.  • Reconciled the department budget for YTD spend, budget to actual and invoice tracking.  • Developed SharePoint sites to house deliverables, documentation and project decisions.  • Prepared meeting materials, including agendas, PowerPoint presentations and reports. Project Coordinator for Infrastructure Support Discover Card January 2017 to May 2017 • Administrative tasks included supporting a V.P. of Infrastructure, planning large meetings and events, communications, meeting scheduling, updating agendas, recording minutes and action item follow-up.  • Coordinated training, project task and milestone tracking for a SharePoint upgrade, a Windows 10 upgrade and an email security vendor change.  • Managed preparing project documents, Excel reports, PowerPoint presentations and status reports. Project Coordinator Byline Bank July 2016 to December 2016 • Maintained the project schedule and issue log for the CIO, V.P. and Program Managers.  • Managed the extensive plan list, vendor management, invoicing and ordering computers.  • Created and maintained SharePoint pages and sites, including document libraries and links. Process Manager Capital One Financial September 2015 to May 2016 • Streamlined operational efficiencies and communications with the internal creative review process resulting in a one-week approval process.  • Managed the development team schedules, work plan updates, issue logs, repositories and backlog.  • Coordinated the team activities to develop a unified online application form for 8 hosted credit cards.  • Assisted with testing the functionality for mobile versions of the 8 hosted credit card sites. Project Coordinator/ Manager United Airlines - Chicago, IL August 2013 to December 2014 • Oversaw the approval process and hosted weekly calls with the PMO for network changes.  • Kept the PMO apprised of the IT Operations progress with merging two large SharePoint sites.  • Facilitated daily huddles for installing new hardware at five airport locations.  • Added tasks to the project plan and schedule for a nation-wide hardware upgrade project.  • Oversaw PM compliance for all PMO methodology, governance, documentation and process. Liaison Northern Trust 2008 to 2011 with the PMO on developing and implementing SharePoint for sales and marketing.  • Created and published content for multiple departments on an internal portal.  • Assisted the Program Manager with internal communications for an Outlook email upgrade. Web Content Manager & Editor CDW Computers - Vernon Hills, IL 2001 to 2008 • Moved intranet content from HTML pages to a major SharePoint site.  • Provided administrative support to IT management with scheduling meetings, recording minutes, and tracking progress on the portfolio of projects.  • Content writer and web editor for product specials, service offerings and internal communications. Education B.S. in Education in business Northern Illinois University