SENIOR IT PROJECT MANAGER SENIOR <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">PROJECT</span> <span class="hl">MANAGER</span> SENIOR IT PROJECT MANAGER - Citibank, N.A Norwalk, IA Work Experience SENIOR IT PROJECT MANAGER Citibank, N.A - Sioux Falls, SD 2011 to Present Sioux Falls, South Dakota    Direct end-to-end project management of creating credit card statements while leading a highly skilled IT team to ensure finalization of multiple project deliverables within scope, time, and budget.    SENIOR IT PROJECT MANAGER (2011 to Present)  Deliver strategic directions to teams on new applications and migration projects for Sioux Falls team while working remotely out of Des Moines. Oversee and finalize multiple Citi statement projects within predefined timelines through the implementation of waterfall and agile methodologies. Lead and mentor a team of programmers, evaluate team performance, assess training needs, and conduct training sessions to improve productivity. Develop and implement corrective action plans by analyzing ongoing processes and identifying areas of improvement. Define project scope while coordinating with the technical team to ensure that the development of the financial software is within compliance of requirement specifications.  • Directed the full development life cycles of the Costco Bankcard Statements from conception to implementation while facilitating the acquisition of Costco.  • Optimized system efficiency and reliability within appropriate processing costs by twice restructuring standard Citi credit card statement.  • Deployed statements piece for a new Flex Plan project: enabled customers to take a loan out on credit card.  • Provided executive-level leadership to IT team on cost-effective software development and implementation techniques and methodologies. SENIOR APPLICATION DEVELOPER Bowne & Co., Inc - Dallas, TX 2004 to 2011 Oversaw the full software development life cycles from requirement elicitations to software deployments while implementing cost-effective IT project management methodologies.  Developed and implemented effective IT project management strategies in collaboration with five programmers to drive continuous improvement. Conducted detailed specification analysis of multiple applications, including utility and client bills, insurance statements, stock statements, client paychecks, flyers, letters, and tax forms. Maintained regular engagement with staff members, clients, and stakeholders to build a consensus and initiate productive change. Drafted and delivered comprehensive and engaging documentation of IT applications while delivering end-user training.  • Directed design and transformation projects for applications across the Dallas team while managing remotely.  • Fostered and maintained lucrative working relationships with clients and stakeholders to ensure project execution adhered to clients' requirements. Education Associate in Computer Programming Des Moines Area Community College - Ankeny, IA Computer Science Iowa State University - Ames, IA Skills Application development, Project planning, Optimization, Risk assessment, Process redesign, Team building, Integration, Business development, Scrum Master, Waterfall, Information Technology, Project Management, PM, CSM Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/richard-dougherty/ Certifications/Licenses Scrum Master July 2019 to July 2022 Scrum Master Certification Six Sigma Yellow Belt Certification July 2019 to July 2022 Additional Information Highlights of Expertise  • IT Project Planning and Delivery  • Financial Application Development  • Resource Allocation and Optimization  • Risk Assessment / Process Redesign  • Agile / Waterfall Development Methodologies    • IT Systems Migration and Integration  • Programming Techniques Development  • Key Stakeholders Engagement  • Team Building and Leaderships  • Business Development and Management