IT PROJECT MANAGER, RISK, COMPLIANCE, AND SECURITY GOVERNANCE <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">PROJECT</span> <span class="hl">MANAGER</span>, RISK, COMPLIANCE, AND SECURITY GOVERNANCE IT PROJECT MANAGER, RISK, COMPLIANCE, AND SECURITY GOVERNANCE - VERIZON Conyers, GA Work Experience IT PROJECT MANAGER, RISK, COMPLIANCE, AND SECURITY GOVERNANCE VERIZON January 2019 to Present Enterprise Portfolio Admin for Verizon's application inventory system for managing and maintaining new and existing applications. Responsible for ensuring that every application hosted on Verizon's servers provide multiple levels of security, and maintain a list of contacts for each application based on responsibility. Portfolio admin for Verizon's Asset Management system (VAST) and CART to assess CPI-810 and CPI-303 data classification. Ensure that hardware inventories are up-to-date, and prepare the ground for upcoming Compliance Certifications, and new Hardware Certification processes that have been put in place. Designated primary contact for application internal audits, and responsible for maintaining and certifying the application's compliance profiles. Worked closely with application owners to makes sure they have up to date Privacy Impact Assessments (PIAs) and all applications are in compliance with GDPR and CCPA for Global Clearance Process. Ensure that each application has up to date Business Impact Analysis' to determine the impact the application has on the business. Responsible front line designee for Internal Audit and IT Compliance requests. Oversee and monitor the compliance activities of the department. Support compliance standards with periodic control monitoring, compliance reviews, auditing systems effectiveness of control, vulnerability scans and reports, and report issues identified to IT Compliance and Management. Develop a plan to promptly address the issue and implement corrective action to prevent further gaps, exceptions or observations. Support reviewer or approver role, which includes functions of submitting control evidence, defining test steps, reviewing management assertions and managing progress toward the overall program timeline. IT Security Leader specializing in Risk and Compliance. Experience with Vulnerability Management, Application Security, Risk Management, IT Audit, Governance and Compliance and project management. Industry specific experience in telecommunications and Internet of Things (IoT). Proven leader in merging and updating systems between IT Operations and IT Security to support the strategic initiatives of the company. Manage multiple large quarterly releases and off-cycle releases using the SDLC (Solutions Delivery Life Cycle) Methodology. Maintain all documentation for each release or project ( Project plan, weekly status report, meeting minutes, gate review power point presentations) and ensure all updated in the documentation repository (Confluence). PROJECT MANAGER SUPERVISOR, QUALITY ASSURANCE COMCAST December 2009 to October 2018 Lead team of project coordinators in a complex, fast paced software delivery and blended Agile environment that consistently exceeded expected delivery targets of 96%. Designed and implemented toll free segment circuits and call monitoring for 800 services. Coordinated testing and deployment for new Xfinity Mobile customers, and assisted with cutover for MDM and CMS to IMS voice conversions. Development and administration telecom automation with Salesforce.com. Designed and built solutions in Salesforce.com using Apex and Visualforce for quality standards. Conducted internal and external audit and compliance reporting activities. Assisted with the expansion from ITSM to Data Certification, IT Governance, Asset Management and CMDB. Worked with clients to facilitate control language, system descriptions, and testing plans. Assisted Governance team to implement eGRC tool, Archer, and the Compliance Management Module. Heavily involved in the planning, testing, and execution of VLANS's, testing the security of the infrastructure and assessing vulnerability scans. Developed budgets, timelines, and ensured progress-to-plan tracking as well. Worked with vendors and team to establish and achieve goals. Managed the successful completion of Network Segmentation project across 3 different data centers. Implement software applications that will handle all aspects of wireless services, including Middleware application configuration, Web Services, Content downloads, Number Management and Porting. Implemented Microsoft Office SharePoint Server 2007 for internal and external websites. Assisted with upgrading auditing software to SQL server. Assessed over 20 organizations for risk based off ISO 27001 framework. Quality Assurance Manager SunTrust Bank April 2007 to December 2009 Managed a team of 25 Quality Analysts responsible for auditing a line of business that specialized in relationship management of banking customers who were in danger of defaulting on their loans. Analyzed trend report data to establish cause and provided recommendations to correct findings. Led a pilot team for Compliance and Operational Risk/QA Alignment reviews to include the Financial Risk Compliance review. Salesforce expert and key contributor in many aspects of projects, including architecture, development, configuration and UAT. Worked with executives to formulate and implement SunTrust's Data Risk Management Program in order to help identify all PII within the various business units. Conducted project feasibility analysis detailing TCO and ROI.  Validated the procedures for Lien Release and Land Transactions in collaboration with Operational Risk teams and other stakeholders. Provided 100% reviews on high risk functions and reported trending information that included system inconsistencies to senior management. Improved the quality of business sourced by sales teams by ensuring all implemented processes were followed and all quality parameters were upheld. Call Center Supervisor Walmart.com February 1999 to April 2007 Supervised a team of 40 call center agents handling up to 2500 daily inbound calls for customers that ordered merchandise via Walmart.com. Insured that the team met daily expected SLA with the required average handle time and quality. Provided regular feedback to call center agents via calibrations, coaching sessions, and one-on-ones to ensure the highest quality standards. Dealt with fraud issues that were received by the call center and initiated a process flow to deal with such cases. Handled escalated calls and professionally resolved any escalated clients concern in order to work toward achievement of favorable outcomes. Responsible for the prospecting, hiring, training, production, and compliance of all agents. Utilized in numerous troubleshooting positions (concurrently) due to demonstrated broad range of technical, project, and management capabilities.  Assisted management team with coaching and development of call center agents. Managed the moral of the agents to ensure effective performance. Listened to customers concerns to identify root cause of the issue and provide a effective resolution. Conducted new hire quality assurance training and onboarding for new team members. Personally assisted customers by referring and transferring them to other departments that could better handle their complaints and questions as needed. Recognized as one of the top performing agents in the center. Education B.A. in FOREIGN LANGUAGES AND LITERATURES UNIVERSITY OF SOUTHERN MISSISSIPPI May 2005 M.B.A. in Organizational Management UNIVERSITY OF PHOENIX Skills Microsoft project, Visio, Amdocs, Audit, Excel, Microsoft excel, Microsoft office Additional Information SKILLS  • Design circuit segments  • Lead trainer  • Microsoft Project  • Smart Sheets  • Microsoft Excel  • GSuite  • Visio    • Salesforce  • Audit and Quality  • Microsoft Office  • CGS, Amdocs, and Café 360