Owner/ IT Consultant Owner/<span class="hl">IT</span> Consultant Owner/ IT Consultant - J. WALKER CONSULTING, LLC Bend, OR * Accomplished and talented IT Leader  * Strategic thinker, leader and consummate professional  * Exceptional Retail, eCommerce, Supply Chain, Warehouse, and Distribution expertise (over 25 years)  * Extremely proficient in the Project Management and Applications Development Lifecycles  * Remarkable Leadership Skills ( IT Infrastructure, IT Operations, IT Administration, Project Management, Applications Development)  * Extraordinary technical lead supporting Order Management, e-Commerce, Marketing, Finance, Warehouse Operations, Forecasting, Supply Chain, Distribution, Transportation, Retail, and Inventory Management. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Owner/ IT Consultant J. WALKER CONSULTING, LLC - Bend, OR 2014 to Present Evaluate clients' business needs and provide IT-related project management and consulting services. Plan, lead, and execute all phases of project management life cycle. Enable clients to expand operations, optimize processes, and boost profitability through transformational IT projects.  * Led migration of store/corporate application systems from 11 recently-acquired Los Altos Ranch Markets grocery stores (located in AZ, NM, and TX) to Northgate's corporate systems, saving approx. $1.5 million.  * Devised and presented computer-assisted ordering implementation strategy, shifting company from store ordering model to inventory control model to significantly improve operational efficiencies.  * Managed new AWG vendor on-boarding in 4 Los Altos Ranch Markets' Southwest stores to replace 3 vendors supplying same product. Savings projected at $3.2+ million per year.  * Enhanced systems to support secondary warehouse and fulfillment centers including Internal DC's, FBA (Fulfilled by Amazon) Locations and Brick and Mortar Stores.  * Implemented full forecasting and replenishment model for all Internal DC's, External DC's (FBA) and Store locations  * Provided production support for SAP B1 version 8.82.  * Planned upgrade to SAP B1 version 9.1  * Managed integration projects between SAP B1 and Bank of America (BofA) for Lockbox and Positive Pay  * Developed business intelligence reporting as needed using SQL Server and integrating with Microsoft Excel  * Supported a variety of Retail Applications and System Integrations (NCR Power HQ, Bill Back Manager, Category Analyzer, MS Dynamics AX, POS, DSD, CAO, Shelf Labels, Price Changes) Director of IT SEAWIDE MARINE DISTRIBUTION - Murrieta, CA November 2016 to July 2018 Stepped in to lead, upgrade and automate all IT Operations for a $100 million Marine Electronics distributor. Challenged with cleaning up and automating a 17-year old, outdated IT infrastructure. Here's what we accomplished:  * Stabilized all Order in-take processes and systems including EDI (850/855), FTP, Web and Sales Team entered orders for Sage 500 ERP.  * Migrated all on-prem systems (Tier 1 and Tier 2) to Evolve Cloud solution. This includes all Servers (Database, Application, DNS and FTP), desktops to DaaS and new IP Phone system and call center.  * Enhanced Sage 500 ERP and automated all Order routing to support 3 different distribution centers.  * Led onboarding project for a new East-Coast Distribution Center including all system, network and application integrations.  * Outsourced all System Admin and Network Admin responsibilities to third-party provider.  * Managed $1.4 million IT Budget (Resources, Computer Operations, Consulting, Telecom, New Projects)  * Implemented new corporate IT Help Desk system and production support operations  * Integrated Sage 500 ERP application with WMS, EDI, Purchasing, Credit Card Authorization and Accounting modules as well as backend SQL Server Database.  * Oversaw and coordinated all project management  * Developed and implemented Shipping Amazon DC Orders from any warehouse utilizing Sage 500 ERP  * Onboarded new EDI and FTP integrated customers Project Manager/ IT Management Team Leader STATER BROS. MARKETS - San Bernardino, CA 2009 to 2014 Directed all strategic projects and software development for $3.9 billion, 167-store, major Southern California grocery retailer's Marketing, Distribution, and Retail Divisions. Planned and led supply chain, Web, and business development projects. Recruited, developed, and managed 16 to 18 system engineers, application developers, business systems analysts, and database architects. Directed applications development and maintained consistent development standards. As Business Intelligence Manager, designed, and managed data warehouse structure. Defined data loads and ETL interfaces. Oversaw business intelligence reporting, KPI development, and definitions.  * Led and supported software installations, upgrades, interfaces, and conversions to 40+ application systems covering entire supply chain: Inventory control, purchasing, forecasting, replenishment, ordering, shipping/fulfillment, transportation (yard management, dock scheduling and transportation optimization), warehouse management, distribution, retail management, and POS.  * Developed IDM (Identity Management) plan to integrate all supported applications with corporate Identity Management application. Identified and prioritized application readiness for IDM integration.  * Managed applications development team in both legacy (COBOL (Mainframe, Unix & AS400/iSeries) and Web (ASP.Net up to v4.5, C#, jQuery, JavaScript)  * Conducted business intelligence application evaluation project to analyze, evaluate, and select optimal business intelligence tool to manage KPIs, dashboards, and business reporting needs.  * Provided management with better visibility of sales and profit margins by building company's first-ever strategic data warehouse and business intelligence platform to support weekly gross margin reporting.  * Created consistent, verifiable reporting repository to meet current and future business needs by developing ETL interface between legacy application systems and data-warehouse.  * Improved price change maintenance, enhanced pricing accuracy, and increased overall product margins through design, development, and implementation of Web-based price change maintenance application.  * Planned, designed, and implemented Web-based scan-based trading application to optimize tracking of inventory and significantly reduce vendor fees.  * Designed, planned, and implemented strategic store order entry Web application with complete integration and status reporting from all corporate systems and processes.  * Managed implementation of DSD/back-door-receiving application, saving company $9+ million annually.  * Supported a variety of in house and 3rd party Retail Applications (NCR POS, Triceps, RDS, RTO, RYM, ACS, Fresh) Senior Applications Developer RED ENVELOPE - San Diego, CA 2007 to 2009 Planned and oversaw all aspects of application development, business systems reporting, application systems interface, data warehousing, and production support of Ecometry (e-Commerce) mail order and catalog system. Designed, developed, customized, and launched interface between Ecometry application system and Ecomedate data warehouse Oracle database. Developed modified and maintained ETL scripts. Developed COBOL, Delphi, and Oracle applications. Developed, modified, and enhanced business intelligence reporting.  * Enhanced interface between core order management system and Web/e-Commerce application.  * Facilitated $500,000+ increase in holiday 2008 sales by automating delivery of new customer information to email system for targeted email marketing campaigns.  * Developed programs and applications in COBOL (Unix and HP3000) as well as Delphi (Pascal) (Windows Server) Owner/ IT Consultant J. WALKER CONSULTING, LLC - Murrieta, CA 1999 to 2009 Assessed clients' business needs and provided information systems management consulting and contract programming services. Supported wide range of clients, including RedEnvelope, Inc., Gadget Universe, PricePoint, International Rectifier, SureSource, WWE, Safety911, Parcel Direct, Case Logic, Commerce Hub, Egghead Software, Intuit, Microwarehouse, Advanta Credit Card Services, and Bear Creek Corporation. Highlights of projects include:  * Created system to properly identify and report customer sales volume to improve corporate planning.  * Improved ordering efficiency and fulfillment accuracy by stabilizing e-Commerce system and interfaces.  * Wrote promotion management application to evaluate performance of each promotion activity.  * Supported application integration and reporting between e-Commerce, Order Entry, Shipping and Fulfillment and Warehouse Management systems.  * Developed programs and applications in COBOL (Unix and HP3000) as well as Delphi (Pascal) (Windows Server) IT Manager MUSICIANS FRIEND - Medford, OR 1997 to 1999 Formed, staffed, and developed IT Department from ground up to support applications, systems and computer operations for 400+ users spanning corporate headquarters, 8 stores, 2 distribution centers, 2 call centers and 1 wireless returns warehouse. Installed, supported, and administered Ecometry mail order and catalog system.  * Managed technical aspects of opening 7 new 15,000-20,000 sq. ft. retail stores within 9 months.  * Negotiated technical contracts for hardware, software, and utility services.  * Planned and directed transformative e-commerce project.    * Developed programs and applications in COBOL (Unix and HP3000) as well as Delphi (Pascal) (Windows Server)    Software/Applications  Applications: Sage 500 (ERP), StarShip, O2/Mobil (WMS), Avalara AvaTax, DocLink, KnowledgeSync, Transaction Manager, EDI (850, 855, 832, 846, 856, 753/754, 810/820), ACS (POS), Jira (Software, Service Desk and Confluence), AMS (CRM), ACS P-Cubed (FIM), Triceps (WMS), RDS (Dock Scheduling), RTO (Transportation optimization), RYM (Yard Management), ShrinkTrax (Loss Prevention), ICOMS (Inventory Control/Order Management), ACI RCS (Credit/Debit/EBT Processing), PKMS (WMS), SAP Business One, Microsoft Dynamics AX, Retalix HQ, Retalix CA, PeopleSoft, MACS, Ecometry, Ecomodate  Development: COBOL, ASP.NET, C#, Visual Studio, Delphi, VB.NET, Pascal, Basic, EDL/EDX, Visual Basic, jQuery, JavaScript  Database: Oracle, PL-SQL, SQL Server, T-SQL, Access  BI/ETL: SSAS, SSIS, SSRS, Cognos, Excel 2003/2010, Business Objects, Crystal Reports  OS: Windos, zOS, Unix, Linux, AIX, MacOS  Hardware: PC, Windows Server, IBM Mainframe, IBM RS6000, HP3000, HP9000, Sun, AS-400/iSeries    U.S. Military Service  UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS, Kaneohe Bay, HI  Honorable Discharge/Sergeant, NCOIC Plans and Analysis Education Computer Science/Management Information Systems ROOSEVELT UNIVERSITY - Chicago, IL Skills Database, Sql server, Oracle, Sql, Cobol, Ibm mainframe, Mainframe, Aix, Linux, Rs6000, Sun, Unix, Microsoft dynamics, Dynamics, Dynamics ax, Microsoft dynamics ax, Erp, Etl, Crm, Peoplesoft, Customer Service, Strategic Planning, Vmware, Network Administration, Exchange Military Service Branch: United States Marine Corps Rank: Sergant