IT Infrastructure Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Infrastructure <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager - DTCC Plano, TX Project manager professional with over 8 years of excellence in completing projects on schedule and within budget. Determined to apply my problem solving, multi-tasking and technical skills in a fast- paced environment.    • Waterfall, Scrum and Kanban methodologies experience.  • SharePoint administration.  • Project management tools: Basecamp, Eclipse, JIRA, Smartsheet, and MS Project/Teams.  • AWS Cloud Practitioner Level 1 awarded in November 2018. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Infrastructure Project Manager DTCC June 2017 to Present • Currently managing various application projects that includes building new VMs, databases upgrades and migration coordination while performing under the OPEX and CAPEX budgets.  • Manage various IT infrastructure projects while adhering to CAB and Risk Management criteria.  • Responsible for enterprise IT audit remediation projects after reoccurring vendor penetration tests.  • Managed the HP Application Lifecycle Management (ALM) and Silk Central (SCTM) application upgrades. Project consisted of migrating prior to end of life date and within the OPEX and CAPEX budgets.  • Managed Cisco router recalls in affected servers and replaced new hardware across all DTCC facilities. Contractor - B2B- EDI Project Manager Texas Instruments October 2016 to May 2017 • Implemented Jira project management tool with customized workflow with up to date dashboard reporting across multiple teams.  • Created the Confluence documentation repository environment for the EDI Team.  • Successfully migrated EDI production maps to a new environment while providing status reporting in weekly team meetings. Project Manager- Corporate PMO LHP Hospital Group September 2014 to July 2016 • Proposed, implemented and trained Eclipse project portfolio management tool for better tracking, scheduling and management of resources in 6 hospitals.  • Estimated over $200,000 in savings annually because of the Eclipse resource allocation tools and terminating Service Now product.  • Recognized by the Revenue Cycle Executive Director and Hospital CFO for completing the ICD-10 Code Set implementation at Mountainside Hospital in New Jersey before the federal-mandated due date.  • Received recognition for implementation of Fairwarning application to adhere to HIPPA regulations for all five hospitals. PMO Project Manager Ansira March 2012 to September 2014 • Responsible for oversight and delivery of all marketing/advertising initiatives set by the agreed upon deadline.  • Manage website development projects for multiple clients using the agile process methodology and managing timelines for all internal teams that include planners, BAs, developers and QA engineers.  • Manage project budgets at approximately $10MM per year while maintaining the profit margin at 30% or above.  • Implementation of the PMO across the organization including process, roles and responsibilities, template and project management methodology. Contract IT Project Manager Terremark September 2011 to March 2012 • Lead role between all network engineers and data center engineers to ensure client orders have been fulfilled properly during the data center migrations.  • Implemented cloud managed hosting environments for multiple clients ahead of schedule.  • Managed clients while in implementation phase of data center migrations to confirm the validity of its constraints (scope, quality and time) during the life cycle. IT Project Manager Select Staffing June 2010 to September 2011 • Responsible for 90% travel to all Select Staffing branches to implement and train software to personnel supervisors and branch managers.  • Developed SharePoint sites for local offices for branch managers to communicate to managers located at client sites. Trained onsite managers how to use SharePoint.  • Successfully implemented multiple accounts before the live date. As a result, the client was able to manage on an average 200 newly hired associates on a daily basis. Business Analyst/Database Marketing Citigroup February 2004 to February 2009 • Managed the Hilton Honors database marketing program that produced over 2mm direct mail offers annually.  • Performed data analysis and campaign management. As a result, able to provide recommendations to the client on new strategies and recommendations.  • Responsible for creating and communicate financial and performance scorecards with clients and vendors. EDI Implementation Specialist GE Medical Systems IT December 2002 to February 2004 • Responsible for the installation, education and the EDI implementation process for clients to ensure meeting specific timelines.  • Responsible for training staff and claims personnel on the Centricity software. Education Master Certificate in Project Management Villanova University January 2010 Bachelor's in MIS Amberton University - Dallas, TX December 2001 Skills Project manager, Jira, Eclipse, Ms project, Sharepoint, Budget, Problem solving, Kanban, Implementation (6 years), Scrum (2 years) Certifications/Licenses Certified ScrumMaster (CSM) CSM from Scrum Alliance