Technical Project Manager Technical <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Technical Project Manager - Kaiser Permanente Portland, OR IT manager with extensive experience in technology solution planning, design, development, implementation, and ongoing support. Industry experience includes financial services (retail banking, credit card, mortgage banking, insurance, and capital markets), high technology, and energy. Applications experience includes ERP and CRM package applications (SAP, Oracle, and Siebel), custom applications ranging from mainframe to distributed SOA/J2EE and Microsoft .Net applications. Infrastructure experience includes mainframe, IBM WebSphere, Oracle WebLogic, and Microsoft .Net application infrastructure environments. Database experience includes DB2, Oracle, and SQL Server environments.    Strong record of success in the practical implementation of best practices across the SDLC and operations lifecycles using agile methodology, RUP, CMMI, and ITIL as baseline frameworks. Have implemented and managed Project Management Offices (PMO), large programs and projects, development teams, centralized QA testing, release management, change management, UI Design team, enterprise architecture teams, IT Service Desks, and application support teams. Work Experience Technical Project Manager Kaiser Permanente - Oakland, CA 2017 to 2019 •  Managed projects to implement upgrades to the business analytics platform based on Informatica products including Big Data Management, PowerCenter, and Data Quality Projects included migration to Linux and more than 300 servers. Technical Project Manager Wells Fargo Bank - San Francisco, CA 2016 to 2017 • Managed projects to implement upgrades to the business analytics platform based on Informatica products including Big Data Management, PowerCenter, and Data Quality Projects included migration to Linux and more than 300 servers.  KForce (Wells Fargo Bank) San Francisco, CA  Technical Project Manager 2016 - 2019 Technical Consultant Fraud Prevention and Authentication - Portland, OR 2013 to 2016 products. Managed infrastructure projects for pre-production and production environments including new HW servers, SAN implementations, hardware/software upgrades and F5 implementations.  • Managed the migration of Fraud Reporting Database to SAN servers in the primary as well as backup datacenters.  • Managed the addition of 200 VMS in the preproduction environment to provide increased number of release lanes.  • Developed project plans for quarterly software releases including planning, installation, and implementation. Led teams through actual product releases to customers.  Lantern Moon Portland, OR  Technical Consultant 2013 - 2016 Senior Manager - Accenture IT Services Accenture - San Francisco, CA 2004 to 2011 Led several consulting projects that led to an enhanced web site, better use of social media, and a community engagement strategy using social media. Also provided support for using tools for cash flow analyses and inventory control.  Accenture San Francisco, CA  Senior Manager - Accenture IT Services 2004 - 2011  Led the delivery of IT services that included project/program management, new application development, major and minor enhancements, centralized testing, and application production support to multiple clients for Accenture outsourcing contracts. Key responsibilities included:  • Led the delivery of services using teams located in the U.S., Mexico, India and the Philippines.  • Led delivery excellence and QA testing teams that led to the implementation of activity based effort tracking, service and operating level agreements, project earned value metrics tracking, process improvements, and standardization based on RUP, CMMI, ITIL, and Sarbanes-Oxley requirements.  • Managed IT budget up to $45 million per year and staff up to 200 resources.  • Recruited staff for a variety of support and management positions both onshore and offshore.  • Acted as community lead for Accenture's Financial Services Application Outsourcing industry group.  Key achievements include:  • Implemented and led project management office capability resulting in major projects successfully meeting key metric targets related to budgets, schedule, and quality. Led implementation of release management that resulted in the consolidation of over 35,000 effort hours in enhancements and defects repaired per quarter. Achieved savings through a consolidation of testing for each release of over 20%. Used PPM to track project budgets, schedules, and resources.  • Implemented metrics program and production support process improvements that led to a 50% reduction in critical incidents, improved application availability, and consistently meeting SLA/OLA targets  • Led team focused on automated testing that reduced the capacity required to support ERP application testing by over 30%.  • Expanded scope of services by 20% due to relationship building and ability to deliver. Senior Director Fireman's Fund Insurance Company - Novato, CA 1999 to 2004 Hired initially to improve the company's IT delivery record by implementing a project management capability, SDLC methodology, process architecture, and tools. Success led to multiple program and operational roles including:  • Led the web application infrastructure program that implemented the following functions and processes: application middleware and DBMS support, single sign on authentication security layer using Policy Director, change management using Rational ClearQuest, configuration management using Rational ClearCase, and testing using HP Quality Center. Continued on to manage the change management, configuration management, and centralized testing team.  • Implemented and managed a 24x7 help desk to support the customer facing web applications.  • Led the User Interface Design team.  • Led the Enterprise Architecture team.  • Led production support team for the company's intranet.Key achievements include:  • Key achievements include:  • Implemented the web application environment and support functions on time and approximately 5% under budget. The full budget was over $10 million within a one year schedule.  • Led the development of IT strategy roadmap for the President and CIO that identified improvements to reduce the complexity of the IT environment through application rationalization, retirement of Lotus Notes, and consolidated customer and product data architecture  • Led the implementation of a project scoring methodology to help evaluate and prioritize projects. Education MBA in Finance University of San Francisco BA in Political Science / Economics University of California at Santa Barbara - Santa Barbara, CA Skills Outlook, Scheduling, Estimating, budget