IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager - The Pan Am Companies Denver, CO Work Experience IT Project Manager The Pan Am Companies 2016 to Present Pan Am Title, LLC  • Plan, schedule and execute multiple simultaneous IT projects from inception to completion. Projects range from company technology roll-outs to cloud migrations to application integration and phased software deployment.  • Focus team on Title & Escrow business objectives and track progress to ensure project milestones are completed on time, on budget and with the desired results.  • Participate in the planning, evaluation and implementation of changes to improve efficiencies in Title & Escrow workflow.  • Facilitate education on the use of computer hardware and software programs to employees with varying levels of technical skills, ranging from novice to proficient.  • In charge of all IT related tasks, to include: computer troubleshooting and repair, hardware and software asset acquisition and management, manage and maintain documentation pertaining to servers, systems and network environments and development of user training documentation.  • Create, delete and maintain user system accounts and passwords in Active Directory, corporate email system, phone system and related applications and services. Computer Science Teacher Redstone Elementary 2014 to 2016 • Instructed 700 students, K - 5, in Apple technology; subject matter to include: robotics, computer programming, computer hardware and operating systems, video production, website design, and animation.  • Responsible for co-designing and piloting the first of its kind Computer Science curriculum for Douglas County School District to be implemented district wide during the 2015/2016 school year.  • Consistently served on teacher panel for Apple Educator visits.  • Served as DATTL (Digital Age Teaching & Learning) school representative. Subject Matter Expert FYI Online Learning, LLC 2012 to 2013 (contract position)  • Developed robust course outline detailing standards, objectives, references and lesson ideas to be developed into a course on the fundamentals of computer systems for a national online high school.  • Course material included but was not limited to: operating systems, computer hardware and its functions, storage devices, setting up network connections, internet security issues, virus protection techniques, installation and configuration of software programs, web page basics, backup and recovery of data, and basic knowledge of quality assurance concepts.  • Responsible for working closely with the FYI technical writer and reviewing their course lessons for accuracy and content. Technology Teacher & Systems Administrator Rocky Mountain Academy of Evergreen 2011 to 2013 • Instructed 250 students, K - 6; subject matter included: educational software, basic computer skills, keyboarding, desktop support, Internet research & safety, software installation, website design, presentation software, animation, Google Docs, and Microsoft Office product use.  • Supported teachers in the utilization of technology in the classroom.  • Managed school network infrastructure.  • Successfully implemented and upheld inventory control strategies for over 100 computers.  • Developed and maintained school website.  • Ran summer technology camps for students to cover topics such as troubleshooting, web design and animation. IT Project Manager\Web Developer The Castle Law Firm 2006 to 2011 • Assisted in new network infrastructure roll out, to include developing technical training material and instructing 250 employees on utilizing the Citrix Metaframe Server and Cisco phone system.  • In charge of managing client relationships and client support for IT related issues.  • Developed and tested search sites for various Colorado counties to allow the public to search foreclosure databases for properties within their county. ASP.NET, C#, SQL Server, Visual Studio 2003 - 05.  • Liaison to county officials to coordinate software rollouts.  • In charge of marketing related tasks, to include all events coordination for statewide county conferences and conventions.  • Responsible for maintaining company website as well as creating websites for outside clients.  • Conducted job analysis and wrote job descriptions for IT related positions, as well as screened and evaluated candidates. Education B.S. in Psychology Colorado State University - Fort Collins, CO M.A. in Education Regis University - Denver, CO Teaching Certificate Regis University - Denver, CO Skills HTML Certifications/Licenses CO Title Producer License