Business Technical Analyst Business Technical Analyst IT Technical consultant Safety Harbor, FL I've had a wide variety of responsibilities in the IT field for over 15 years. I am a very hands on technical asset with 10 years in Management/Leadership I am capable of handling complex technical issues and finding the solution. In addition, I am very good at selling technical solutions. I have spent years traveling to various sites working with large clients in a sales/ consulting role. I am a strong technical person with good energy, integrity, ideas and the ability to build technical teams to accomplish IT goals. I also understand the SDLC and follow corporate metholofies. I assistt others comfortably when needed. Please allow me the opportunity to interview in person for this position. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Business Technical Analyst Wellcare Healthcare Plans - Tampa, FL March 2017 to October 2018 Work in the Risk Adjustment department assisting providers document HCC’s and chronic conditions in order to increase revenue returns. In addition, create and utilize various SQL programs to analyze risk adjustment changes and find opportunities that may otherwise be missed. This is a highly technical team that works with various databases vendors another internal teams recognizing that this is becoming a large part of increasing our revenue stream We also prepare dashboards and train vendors, IPAs and affiliates identify opportunities and changes that CMS make throughout the past few years in order to accurately reflect chronic Medicaid or Medicare members. This team has significantly increased well cares revenue since it’s inception only a couple years ago. Various programs have been created primarily extracting analyzing data in order to proactively and retroactively take HCC’s into account. document HCC and chronic conditions in order to increase revenue returns. Work with both Medicaid and Medicare with CMS and business rules to show year-over-year changes in risk members along with their conditions and the most current member data. This sometimes means obtaining pharmacy information and other sources of information obtained in order to take advantage of RAPS. Project Manager/SQL Developer Knight Group - Tampa, FL May 2012 to December 2016 Worked various roles for several Healthcare companies. Acted as hands-on PM and proficient in SQL,SSIS ETL projgrammng. Duties ranged from technical development to full SDLC.  Beacon Health Tampa, FL 11/2105 – 11/2015 (W-2)  Tower Willis Pittsburgh, PA 5/1/2015 – 9/2015  Highmark Pittsburgh, PA (contract)  Also worked at Google Bakery Square, PA (contract) 10/2014 – 2/2015 on SFTP and Channel Mareketing IT/Data/ Project Migration Borrego Community Health - San Diego, CA February 2012 to February 2013 • Worked with the company CEO to create regulatory reports as required for Federally Quality Health Agencies. Assisted in converting front end and back end programs to support the newer 5010 industry format.  • Worked with change control and deployment teams to minimize risks.  This required a lot of addition consideration because of the way various modules were loaded or update to their existing systems without any adverse impacts.  • Build many custom programs to audit data, perform GAP Analysis, QA checks and create dynamic SQL data dashboards. Systems/Data Analyst United Health Care - Pittsburgh, PA 2010 to 2012 Converted over (500) DTS packages to DTSX packages.  If they didn't convert correctly had to revert to the original BRD, 'requirement documents' and rewrote them.  Worked with Management, Business Analysts and many cross functional teams to ensure all new package changes were documented and checked back into TFS. IT Section Manager Verizon Communications - Tampa, FL 1999 to 2008 Directed professional team of programmers, analysts and support staff to create and execute technical IT solutions. Worked with executive management at Verizon to identify strategies and recommend technical solutions for the day to day operations, especially during hurricanes,    * Designed and developed an IT solution to restore large scale phone service outages caused by natural disasters. The legacy dispatch system was designed to send technicians' to customers' premise. After studying backend data and code used in the BAU environment a new strategy became apparent. Instead of dispatching by address we could dispatch by cross box facilities. The net result was that 30% of the workforce resources were not needed. Those extra technicians were now able to service our new FiOS customers.  * Created a Workforce Management Program that analyzed dynamic workload and force to create optimum monthly work schedules. Programmatically monitored the effectiveness of manpower utilization while considering projected future/pending volume with historic volumes.  * Created critical web-based tools used to assist manage day-to-day operations and meet government requirements.  * Guidance tracking that integrated GPS and cell phone activity.  * Activity dashboard to represent productivity, installation costs, dispatch opportunities, and potential missed appointments.    These IT solutions were used to increase productivity, minimize overtime, improve restoral times and save an estimate of 1.2 million annually. Many of these projects were later rolled out to the of the Verizon Footprint allowing those regions to realize cost savings too.    ** Verizon Excellence Award 2005, Presidential Circle Winner 2004, Individual Excellence Award 2004 ** Education MA in Computer Information Systems University of Phoenix - Tampa, FL 2005 BS in Management Information Systems University of South Florida - Tampa, FL 1991 Skills SQL (10+ years), SSIS (5 years), Project Management (3 years), Management (10+ years), Computer Security (2 years), Project Coordination (5 years), Team Building (3 years), Implementation (5 years), SDLC, Network Support, Scripting, Office Applications, TFS, Project, classic ASP, Server installation and configuration., Software Development, PM, Waterfall, CSM, Information Technology, Software Development, Waterfall, Full office suite (10+ years), Technical Sales and Training (8 years) Certifications/Licenses CompTIA Security+ MCP CNE Additional Information I have both Masters and Bachelors in Computer Information Systems and have more experience than the resume may reflect. I was a pioneer in the mid 90's offering internet access before Google was a listed stock.  My experience in both hardware, and the full Software Development Life Cycle has spanned over 15+ years,