IT Senior Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Senior <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Senior Project Manager Miami, FL Work Experience IT Senior Project Manager Brightstar Corporation - Miami, FL October 2018 to August 2019 • Managed multiple, simultaneous, interdependent initiatives/deliveries across different work-streams in a smooth fashion  • Organized the requirements intake process and worked with departmental management to modify and set up the requirements  • Facilitated weekly team meetings and Monthly Steering Committee meetings  • Created project timeline and communication plans for internal/external clients  • Coordinated internal resources and third parties/vendors for the flawless execution of projects  • Worked with the business lead in grooming and managing project backlogs  • Tracked key project milestones and communicated adjustments to work- stream leads  • Effectively communicated the status of all workstreams across the projects and programs, highlighting issues or conflicts between teams to stakeholders and management  • Actively participated in budget Planning and resources allocation of active projects  • Worked with onshore and offshore development teams to estimate and deliver initiatives IT Project Manager Assurant - Miami, FL February 2016 to October 2018 • Led the implementation of several client projects (US$2M+, 60+ staff, 23K+ hours effort) for Xfinity Mobile, Claro, and T-Mobile.  • Worked closely with multiple work stream leads and SMEs throughout 15+ projects in identifying and managing interdependencies through meetings and workshops.  • Tracked defects to closure and review client feedback to identify potential product improvements.  • Analyzed and effectively managed stakeholder expectations  • Managed project finance and reporting using various productivity tools like MS Excel and Power BI  • Effectively communicated the status of all work streams across the project and programs, highlighting issues or conflicts between teams to stakeholder and management.  • Coordinated cross-functional meetings for external clients; distributed agenda and published meeting minutes for business partners.  • Supported client through all phases of project management; directly communicated project status, disseminated pertinent information to team, and followed-up on action items.  • Responsible for planning, monitoring, and managing implementation projects for internal and external clients.  • Concisely communicated project status to stakeholders via weekly status reports highlighting project health, accomplishments, and budget overview including actuals and forecasts.  • Responsible for identifying, assessing, and mitigating project risks through close collaboration with Developers, QA, and Business partners.  • Managed client UAT activities including planning, tracking/reporting risks, and creating project plans for UAT implementation and monitoring.  • Acted as Scrum Master by leading Agile ceremonies such as daily stand-up, retrospectives, weekly demos, and sprint/release planning activities; tracked user story progress through burn down charts.  • Managed multiple software upgrade projects for external clients; collaborate with a team of developers and consultants to ensure project timelines are met with an excellent level of client satisfaction.  • Utilized both Waterfall and Agile project management methodologies.  • Experienced in managing projects across multiple business units.  • Created and modified project schedules and tracked plan to actual.  • Managed system enhancement projects: meeting with users, gathering requirements, impact analysis, design of the best solution, testing, implementing, and training those changes.  • Prepare project documentation, deliverables, finances, resource allocations, and status. BI Business Analyst/ Project Manager Brightstar Corporation - Miami, FL May 2013 to November 2015 • Assisted in User Acceptance Testing of QlikView applications.  • Documented process flows and developed requirements for new projects, improvements and enhancements.  • Defined the scope and goal of new projects.  • Assessed allocation of resources.  • Developed accurate development estimates and drafted project resource plans.  • Managed the 7-person local Business Intelligence team, allocating resources to ongoing projects and enforcing deadlines.  • Defined project deliverables and monitored status of tasks.  • Drafted action plans and led meetings with department executives to review project status and proposed changes.  • Delivered status reports to stakeholders for budgeting and planning purposes.  • Monitored costs, timescales and resources.  • Monitored team progress and enforced deadlines.  • Served as the single point of contact for project scheduling and changes.    Lowe's Home Improvement - Homestead, FL Head Cashier February 2011 to May 2013 • Train and serve as a peer coach for new sales associates.  • Share best practices for sales and customer service with other team members to improve efficiency.  • Resolve all customer complaints in a professional manner while prioritizing customer satisfaction.  • Help customers with questions, problems and complaints in person and via telephone.  • Mentor new sales associates to contribute to the store's positive culture. Administrative Office Associate March 2010 to January 2011 • Performed accurate balancing of all transactions and receipts.  • Processed and filed paperwork as directed by company policy.  • Responsible for maintaining cash office security.  • Prepared daily receipts for deposit. Customer Service Associate September 2009 to March 2010 • Developed positive customer relationships through friendly greetings and excellent service.  • Priced merchandise, stocked shelves and took inventory of supplies.  • Examined merchandise to verify it was correctly priced and displayed.  • Recommended merchandise to customers based on their needs and preferences.  • Placed special merchandise orders for customers. Center Manager FedEx Office - Miami, FL August 2004 to January 2009 • Communicated clear expectations and goals to each team member.  • Ordered and distributed office supplies while adhering to a fixed office budget.  • Explained employee compensation, benefits, schedules, working conditions and promotion opportunities.  • Conducted background checks on candidates by obtaining information from law enforcement officials, previous employers and references.  • Captured key feedback from employees during exit interviews.  • Coordinated employment offers with management and extended offers to selected candidates. Assistant Manager June 2002 to August 2004 • Instructed staff on appropriately handling difficult and complicated sales.  • Trained and developed new associates on POS system and key sales tactics.  • Screened applicant resumes and coordinated both phone and in-person interviews.  • Assigned employees to specific duties to best meet the needs of the store.  • Distributed an updated weekly report of project priorities to team members and management.  • Coordinated and assigned manpower to meet aggressive production schedules. Lead Project Coordinator April 2001 to June 2002 • Examined job orders to determine quantity, stock specifications, colors and special printing instructions.  • Produced high quality finished printed material in a timely and efficient manner.  • Successfully managed production activities so that all orders were completed on time.  • Logged, tracked and updated projects in job management software. Education Master of Science in Information Systems Florida International University - Miami, FL 2016