IT Project Coordinator <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> Coordinator IT Project Coordinator - Seo America Palm Bay, FL Talented Project Manager focused on process improvement and on-time delivery of all projects. Budgeting and  forecasting specialist possessing advanced knowledge of Microsoft Project Work Experience IT Project Coordinator Seo America - Palm Bay, FL February 2014 to Present Led the development team that created the web and mobile user interfaces for Seo America.  Collaborated with the sales, marketing and support teams to launch products on time and within budget.  Set up staff workstations with PCs, Macs, phones and laptops.  Completed an average of 10 personal UI design, code reviews, and programming projects each quarter.  Delivered on-site IT and AV technical support for a number of staff.  Reviewed sales, customer concerns and new opportunities to drive business strategy at weekly planning  sessions.  Defined clear targets and objectives and communicated them to other team members. Assistant Project Manager Sanasha Inc - Miami, FL October 2012 to February 2014 Managed daily checklist and assisted project manager ensuring that project requirements were met.  Responsible for estimating materials, equipment and people needed for project.  Assisted with weekly budget and operations for project.  Communicated with product and service vendors for ordering and shipment of goods.  Supervised the work of [4] team members, offering constructive feedback on their work performance.  Defined clear targets and objectives and communicated them to other team members.  Monitored timelines and flagged potential issues to be addressed. Manager Rajah's Trucking Company Bahamas January 2006 to January 2012 Defined clear targets and objectives and communicated them to other team members.  Helped to achieve and meet companies monthly goals as far as sales and growth.  Oversaw inventory and office supply purchases.  Negotiated pricing with vendors regarding wholesale products and marketing procedures.  Completed and mailed bills, contracts, policies, invoices and checks.  Planned and coordinated logistics and materials for board meetings, committee meetings and staff events. Education Bachelor of Arts in Technical Management Devry University Florida - Florida 2012 Skills MS PROJECT, PROJECT PLANNING, MS OFFICE, TEAM BUILDING, BUSINESS PROCESS IMPROVEMENT, PM