IT Vendor Relationship Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> Vendor Relationship Analyst IT Vendor Relationship Analyst - Novant Health Inc Badin, NC Work Experience IT Vendor Relationship Analyst Novant Health Inc - Charlotte, NC March 2016 to Present • Develop new and revised policies, procedures, process maps and forms for department that are well-written and which accurately reflect proper level of detail  • Improved vendor on-boarding and collection of contractual information laying foundation for positive vendor relationships and expectations; identified gap, initiated process change, and shared with internal departments to evaluate and ensure compliance with internal security and federal regulations.  • Proactive, ongoing review of supplier risk requiring Vendor scorecards, background checks, and regulatory compliance.  • Analyze current business requirements, suggest best practices, and design new process flows.  • Successfully implemented contract module and vendor module within the ServiceNow platform and consistently improving their utilization.  • Provide applications and processes support for the Accounts Payable Department including development and implementation of innovative solutions on accounts payable matters in paying vendors according to contractual requirements as well as working collaboratively with the PMO office for CAN projects.  • Performs the ongoing management of policy recommendations and procedures documentation which includes adhering to change management process.  • Work within department in assembling and monitoring yearly budgets for IT  • Recognized by leadership and other teams regarding knowledge of processes and ServiceNow systems and leading development of processes and procedures. Contract Manager Jones Lang LaSalle - Charlotte, NC July 2015 to March 2016 Charlotte, NC  • Strategically adjusts departments' activities, policies and practices to meet or exceed key performance metrics and customer satisfaction goals while actively supporting other departments in the achievement of their goals. Provides day-to-day oversight for the management of the Contract Section staff to ensure consistency, equitable workloads, and assistance, as needed. Provides daily guidance to staff on operational issues.  • Lead the development and negotiation process for complex 3rd party service providers on contract terms and conditions  • Identify and lead field resources to execute initiatives and manage supplier relationships as it relates to administrative and operations activities and issues.  • Analyze price proposals, financial reports and other data to determine the reasonability of price and contractor capabilities.  • Review cost, time studies, and utilization reports and make changes/recommendations to maintain and enhance profitable operations  • Prepares work to be accomplished by gathering information and requirements; setting priorities. Supervises professional staff members, including hiring/firing, training, conducting annual performance evaluations, and recommending salary increases. Train and mentor new staff members and monitor day-to-day activities.  • Collaborate with colleagues and Senior Leaders to develop strategies to maximize revenue, profit growth and control manageable expenditures; makes recommendations, implements and administers cost saving strategies to meet and exceed the company's financial goals. Project Administrator City of Charlotte - Charlotte, NC June 2013 to July 2015 June 2013 to July 2015 Charlotte, NC    • Responsible for the management and oversight of contract activity specific to the BLE. Consists of administration and management of over 20 contracts, creating contracts and amendments, and ensuring that CATS and city procedures and policies, FTA circular 4220.1F, and the FTA Best Practices Procurement Manual are followed.  • Plan, organize, administer and coordinate contracting activities for professional services and construction projects ensuring compliance with contract terms and conditions, as well as timely and accurate reporting of cost controls.  • Negotiating cost and schedule impact as well as handling disputes and participating in disputes in claims resolution under the Disputes Clause (NCGS 143-128) of the contract terms and conditions.  • Working directly with vendors as well as legal and internal departments in drawing up contract amendments, PSR's as well as internal specialists in incorporating technical data, drawings and understanding terminology.  • Project Administrator for LYNX Blue Line Extension (BLE) - Charlotte Area Transit System (CATS), City of Charlotte, Responsible for project administration for BLE project planning and management Project Manager North Carolina Department of Transportation - Albemarle, NC June 2002 to June 2013 Albemarle, NC  • Project management and reporting for a current total of 18 projects totaling $16 million and prior years of $250 million. Manage, directly and through subordinate supervisors, the activities of workers engaged in multiple construction functional areas.  • Review complex solicitations, bids, and contract modifications. Draft, review, analyze, modify and negotiate contracts and contract modifications to achieve acceptable levels of risk for State and federally funded projects.  • Manage scope and cost validation, project authorization, and scheduling. Coordinate and manage the performance of consultants, contractors and vendors. Resolve conflicts between participants in projects. Manage construction delivery systems and installation, integrating project scope, schedule and budget from planning through completion. Manage project risk proactively and communicate to all parties involved. Take steps to ensure client satisfaction and proactively manage all client relationships. Partner with and develop relationships with all Stakeholders associated with the Program.  • Manage contract compliance, modifications, and quarterly reporting. Manage contract files and databases. Direct contract proposal-writing teams and guide writing/preparation of selected written portions to ensure that proposal content is complete, responsive, of high quality, complies with requirements, and is delivered on schedule.  • Manage schedules, timelines, performance, and budgets associated with assigned projects from conception till completion.  • Process weekly timesheets to include: overhead, overtime, vacation, holiday, sick, classes, vehicle usage and allowance, per diems, and charges against contract and department functions  • Projects and accomplishments: Project Administration of I-485/I-85 Turbine Interchange Project Administration for I-85 lane widening and diverging diamond interchange, Auditing local municipalities contract compliance and site build for both state and FHWA compliance, Contract Compliance, Constructware, SAP, P6 Scheduling, Tracking and Analysis of Davis Beacon, MWDBE, and Buy America, Final document closeout  • Senior lead on project analysis and scope with concentration in employee engagement and management cross lateral with contractor relations. Education MBA Capella University - Minneapolis, MN Bachelor of Science in Psychology Liberty University - Lynchburg, VA Skills Operations, Management, training, Excel Certifications/Licenses Driver's License