Project Manager (Temporary assignment) <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> (Temporary assignment) Columbia, MD Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager (Temporary assignment) Optomi, LLC - Baltimore, MD July 2018 to September 2018 • Develop and communicate project schedules to stakeholders including developers and end users in US and UK.  • Create change management program for stakeholders.  • Maintain project status documents for team members. IT Project Manager/Enterprise Systems Manager Howard County Public School System - Ellicott City, MD January 2015 to June 2018 • Manage all phases of technical projects to ensure that budget and timelines are met. Developed detailed project plans, communications plans and progress reports for project team, teachers, and executives.  • Supervised team of 9 administrators and programmers responsible for the HCPSS data center operations, including: disaster recovery procedures, maintenance of enterprise systems (MS Outlook, Workday, Active Directory), and administration of approximately 600 servers.  • Served as administrator and technical support liaison for district-wide visitor management system. Wrote a process improvement plan to resolve recurring issues.  • Collaborated with SMEs to develop documentation to create standard operating procedures (SOPs).  • Developed KPIs for Operations group.  • Proficient in MS Project, Office 365, Confluence, and SharePoint.    Due to budget cuts, the Project Manager position was eliminated. Technology Help Desk Manager Howard County Public School System March 2012 to December 2014 • Led team of 8 customer service specialists and technology trainers who provided support to HCPSS employees. Oversaw creation of user documentation.  • Facilitated team to gather and analyze requirements, scheduled vendor demonstrations for multiple software products. Compiled scores and presented recommendations to the technology director.  • Served as both Project Manager and System Administrator for SolarWinds Web Help Desk software implementation. Developed automated change management process to track system changes.  • Served as escalation point for customer support calls.  • Managed ExitRight project for to automate distribution of exit interviews and to gather metrics for HR personnel.  • Provided training and support for enterprise-wide projects (76 schools), including Microsoft Exchange, ticketing system, and point of sale system.  • Worked with fellow technology managers to develop a strategic implementation plan to replace or upgrade existing systems over 5 years. Existing systems included telephones, network routers, and email servers. Technical Project Manager Howard County Public School System January 2006 to March 2012 • Managed Integrated Financial and Administrative Solution (IFAS) roll-out. Conducted planning meetings with project team, project sponsor, and the executive steering committee for implementation. Developed program management processes.  • Oversaw project to replace teachers' laptops and upgrade fixed and mobile labs in all schools.  • Developed post-implementation deliverables to support human resources and payroll system.  • Managed BoardDocs implementation for Board of Education members.  • Led 120-day initiative to improve project management practices. Senior Project Manager/Business Analyst GeoLearning - Washington, DC February 2004 to December 2005 • Managed e-Learning projects for federal agencies using SDLC processes, including creating project plans and timelines, providing cost estimates, developing budgets, managing issues logs, and developing test plans. Monitored resource time and costs in eProject.  • Assisted sales staff with pre-sales presentations to potential clients.  • Analyzed business processes and technical requirements for clients on rapid deployment projects.  • Managed implementation teams, which included developers, courseware specialists, trainers, quality assurance testers, partners, and project planners.  • Mentored new project managers. Project Manager Meridian KSI - Chantilly, VA September 2002 to February 2004 • Managed Learning Management System implementations for clients in the technical, higher education and pharmaceutical industries.  • Created and monitored budgets for assigned projects.  • Responded to Request for Proposals (RFPs) for potential customers.  • Defined technical requirements with customers and coordinated customization plans with programming staff.    Previously held increasingly responsible positions as education manager, senior consultant, and project manager for software deployment entities. Details available. Education B.A. History University of Maryland Baltimore County - Baltimore, MD May 1983 Skills Scheduling, Outlook, Estimating, Maintenance, budget Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/shelly-barnettprojmgr Certifications/Licenses Certified ScrumMaster® (CSM®) December 2018 to December 2020