IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager - e-Strategy, USA Keller, TX Accomplished professional with over 15 years of success in business strategic and innovation achieving  cost savings, operational efficiency. Information Technology leadership setting priorities to business and  IT departments. Broad industry experience in Healthcare, Finance, Telecommunications, Banking and  Logistics. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager e-Strategy March 2019 to Present • Oversee multiple projects across all phases.  • Led teams across broad technical, financial and business disciplines. Focused teams on business  objectives and tracked progress to ensure project milestones were completed on time, on budget and with the desired results.  • Overall project governance, including ensuring compliance to industry and government regulations.  • Proven ability to resolve complex problems, quickly diagnosing and identifying issues and determining the proper resolutions.  • Mitigated risk factors through careful analysis of financial and statistical data. Anticipated and managed change effectively in rapidly evolving global business environments.  • Defined processes and tools best suited to each project. Moved between agile and waterfall  approaches depending on project specifics and client goals, creating detailed project road maps, plans, schedules and work breakdown structures.  • Developed status reports, cost estimates, and resource plans.  • Monitor workflow and make timeline adjustments as needed.    ivanamascarell@hotmail.com  Business Strategic and Innovation Territory & Project Manager MC3, Florida July 2018 to January 2019 • Create and implemented Business and Marketing Plan for Puerto Rico.  • Identified and developed marketing strategy based on company goals, brand objectives, market  and markup factors.  • Successfully implemented changes in internal structure, processes, policies and strategies to improve customer service, focusing on efficiency related to the customer satisfaction, decreasing  the time in 50% of delivery and increasing the quality of 75% deliverables.  • Analyze MC3 financials data from 2014 to 2018 (July) and create forecast.  • Serve as facilitator between partners portfolio, distributed brands (Microsoft, Symantec, Adobe, Sophos, Veritas) and all relevant divisions, to meet all client needs and deliverables according to  required timelines.  • Improved and integrated Sales Process across Puerto Rico, Dominican Republic and USVI.  • Evaluated the customers' needs, environment, system issues, and business processes, then  developed models to provide effective and strategic solutions.  • Analyze pipeline data to inform operational decisions or activities.  • Coordinate events with brands.  • Prepare company booth and develop content to present at events.  • Implemented changes in marketing strategies, and increased sales in 97.7%. IT Project Coordinator INGELLICOM, Puerto Rico June 2017 to July 2018 • Collaborated with internal and external stakeholders to gather project requirements.  • Estimated project budgets.  • Worked as part of an interdisciplinary team to achieve project milestones.  • Collaborated with development to plan project sprints.  • Developed 'project plan'.  • Developed status reports, cost estimates, and resource plan.  • Make vital decisions and drive decision-making across projects  • Managed resource and capability planning for the projects.  • Coordinated with customer to gather requirements and manage expectations.  • Tracking project timelines, deliverables and budgets.  • Assessing project risks and proactively resolving issues. INGELLICOM, Puerto Rico April 2011 to July 2018 Regional Operations and Innovation Manager INGELLICOM, Puerto Rico October 2014 to May 2017 Successfully implemented digital innovation strategy in HR and Sales Departments with digital web  app adoption to generate annually $1.6- 1.9 M in sales.  • Led CRM platform implementation, marketing operations tool to streamline the sales process and worked with C-level management to deliver sales strategies.  • Successfully implemented changes in internal processes, policies and strategies to improve  customer service, focusing on efficiency related to the customer satisfaction, decreasing the time  in 70% of delivery and increasing the quality of 45% deliverables.    ivanamascarell@hotmail.com  Business Strategic and Innovation    • Implemented escalation process, monthly dashboards, SLA performance management, SOW/changes/invoicing, capability presentations, change management, delivery of various  projects, quick resolutions for client concerns, improvement programs to mitigate risks and to improve profit margins, new proposals creation, RFQs and RFPs, business growth, and maintained the accounts in green status.  • Spearhead the efforts to research and launch a new business segment that grew profits by 87%.  • Number #1 Account Manager for Puerto Rico Region with personal production accountable for 90%  of Office Revenue as well assisting in obtaining offices all time highest revenue as well as assisted in increasing total office revenue by 181% since hire date.  • Owned and managed enterprise account relationships plus business development accountabilities.  • Analysis of market trends and consumer preferences to develop and present technology solutions  to decision makers.  • Demonstrated ROI and managed solution deployment. Service Delivery Manager INGELLICOM, Puerto Rico April 2011 to September 2014 • Contributed to achieving SLA target availability of 99.54% by delivering high quality services.  • Delivered and lead key metrics and tasks which improved and delivered stability for customers as well  as leading best practice efforts within the same environments.  • Established pricing through competitive analysis, achieving greater than 53% profit margin.  • Established and maintained vendor and marketing relationships, both internal and external, in support  of account and client capital needs.  • Collaborated with business, Information Technology Departments and Vendor partners to create and implemented custom solutions for business needs, including identifying, developing, evaluating, and  coordinating implementations of innovate IT based business solutions.  • Developed and executed channel marketing and sales strategies. Built strategic business alliances with strong emphasis on growing client base and deepening penetration within existing accounts.    Human Resources Manager  • Created the Human Resources Department and Employee Handbook, Rules of Conduct. Updated  documentation (job description, performance evaluations, contracts, benefits available, among others).  • Directly responsible for supervision of the HR Department.  • Implemented benefit and compensation structure limiting cost increases and maintaining effective  coverage for employees.  • Implemented and coordinated Agile and Shared Work Programming.  • Provide management and leadership to 35 full-time employees regarding all aspects of employment.  • Contributed to the development of an effective recruiting strategy plan that impacted the ROI of the overall business.  • Implement and used applicant tracking system databases to create and organize requisitions, approve  offers, and approve position descriptions.  • Coordinate/attend various networking functions, career fairs, college events, and speaking  engagements in order to meet potential can while extending client outreach.  • Resolved employment-related disputes through proactive communication and mediation techniques.  • Represented organization at personnel-related hearings and investigations.  • Supervised a staff of three.  • Successfully implemented Internship program (Graphic Design, Human Resource, Marketing, and Technology)    ivanamascarell@hotmail.com  Business Strategic and Innovation Process Analyst EMHSA MEDICAL CLINIC - AR September 2005 to July 2009 Successfully implemented new technologies and process automations to encourage continuous  improvement.  • Conducted organizational studies, design systems and procedures, and prepared operation and procedure manuals to assist management in operating more efficiently and effectively.  • Facilitated successful internal and external audits through sound and thorough documentation.  • Participated in operations and strategic directions with responsibility for bottom-line factors, including  long range planning. Financial Analysis, P&L Management and Client Relations.  • Staff Management -select and hired an exceptional staff. Provided comprehensive professional  development and succession planning to ensure reaching challenging operational goals. General Manager PESCARA INTERNATIONAL - ES February 2002 to March 2004 • Grew profit margin rate 45% year-to-date 2002 over 2004.  • Delivered business strategy and developed systems and procedures that improved the quality and efficiency of operations.  • Enhanced operational success through effective staffing, training, regulations and ensuring well-timed  • Reduced and controlled company expenses by new custom inventory system  • Drove the short-term and advanced promotional planning processes.  • Prepared program operating budgets, budget reports and other financial performance reports.  • Developed metrics and measured success in order to further penetrate the marketplace. Education MBA INTER AMERICAN UNIVERSITY OF PUERTO RICO 2011 Bachelor's degree in Sciences in Sciences UNIVERSIDAD DE LA FRATERNIDAD DE AGRUPACIÓN SANTO TOMAS DE AQUINO 2009 Associate in Business Administration in Marketing & Strategy ESCUELA DE EDUCACION TECNICA 2001 Skills Business development, Project lifecycle, Crm, Erp, Devops, Waterfall, PMP, SDLC, Scrum Master, PM