IT Specialist <span class="hl">IT</span> Specialist Administrative Services - Office of Administration Jefferson City, MO My experience includes thirty-two years with the Office of Administration with eleven years experience in procurement and contract management, nine years of asset management experience, and seven years of supervisory experience. Other areas of expertise include project management, cost recovery methods, vendor relations, presentation skills, planning skills, technical consulting, and customer service. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Specialist Office of Administration - Jefferson City, MO July 2010 to Present Administer the iTrack asset management system which tracks IT assets and provides property control functions and reporting mechanisms. Provide system support to over 300 IT field technicians throughout the state. Work closely with regional supervisors on equipment installations, removal of old equipment, and office moves. Add, remove, and assign records in the system as needed. Create and assign various levels of access and functionality in the iTrack management system for technicians and administrative personnel. Create and maintain thousands of responsible inventory locations in the system for assignment of equipment located in common areas, store rooms, training rooms, ewaste sites, etc. Troubleshoot and resolve issues with end users.  Provide technical expertise in complex queries and data analysis in order to successfully meet IT project objectives and deadlines. Provide reports to the CIO and deputy CIO which assist in the budget preparation for expenditures of new technologies. Provide ad hoc and weekly status reports.  Examine inventory records and serve as a business liaison with supported agency staff to discern ownership of tangible assets. Analyze ITSD methods, practices, and policies for compliance with state of Missouri inventory/tangible assets standards and consistency.  Coordinate and lead team efforts/ projects which enhance the asset management system. Coordinate implementation of system enhancements with iTrack programmer, management, and technical staff.  Managed and supervised two employees responsible for asset database additions and corrections. Trained and provided supervision to four additional employees on a part time basis during periods of heavy workload. Project Manager Office of Administration - ITSD January 2002 to June 2010 Reviewed federal and state telephone company tariffs for changes and updates in services and pricing that affected state agencies budgets. Developed feasibility studies and provided recommendations for service enhancements or additional service offerings. Determined if a state contract was needed to be developed which could provide services at a lower rate.  Served as a liaison for OA ITSD to the Missouri Rural Development Partners Telecom and Education committee and the Missouri Distance Learning Association Task Force at their monthly meetings. Scheduled informative presentations with IT directors and provided information on existing contracts and services available through ITSD.  One of two project managers assigned to the state's Next Generation Network (NGN) project. Researched technologies and consulted with vendors on specifications, interviewed state IT directors and local government authorities, and conducted service trials. Drafted a Request for Proposal to outsource the management and monitoring of the MoDOT fiber network and the provisioning of a new Next Generation Network. Other services included in the contract are network storage, IP telephony, call centers, video, and wireless technologies. Worked closely with the assistant director of OA Division of Purchasing as lead member of the evaluation team. Drafted language for the final evaluation report.  Project Manager for the Truman Building Wireless project. Coordinated with vendor on specifications, provided floor plans and coverage areas, requested and reviewed project assessment quotations, and scheduled access for the site survey. Coordinated with staff on project assignments and scheduling updates.  Developed a Request for Proposal for Statewide Satellite broadband service and participated on the evaluation team. Coordinated and conducted a trial for state agencies to test applications using satellite service. Participated on the Missouri State Highway Patrol's evaluation team for Satellite Mobile Data service to the patrol vehicles.  Developed a Request for Proposal and participated on the evaluation team for statewide telecommunication wiring service, which was awarded to contractors based upon regions within the state.  Provided contract management for the Jefferson City Metropolitan Area Network, statewide Internet dial service, and the Network Transport Wide Area Network. Provided technical consulting to the evaluation team for the Cisco Networking Products and Services Request for Proposal. This contract included all Cisco products and services, including equipment maintenance. Data Services Manager Office of Administration - ITSD July 1996 to December 2001 Provided fiscal analyses in joint collaboration with Fiscal Services Manager in order to develop cost allocation plan rates for data services. Contacted agency personnel to determine projections for future data service needs. Incorporated these projections with existing services to determine rates for data services for the upcoming fiscal year.  Provided technical and administrative supervision to staff, which included conducting quarterly performance appraisals and developed individualized training plans. Provided coordination and assistance to staff on contract management, Request for Proposals, feasibility studies, cost proposals, and in-house databases and documentation.  Provided contract management for a variety of data networks and services which included the Integrated Voice and Data WAN Network, Jefferson City MAN, Remote LAN Dial service, Virtual Private Network service, and Internet Dial service. Monitored the service level agreements for each contract and notified OA Purchasing when the service level agreements were not met and the penalties to be enforced.  Managed the Integrated Voice and Data Network (IVDN) WAN network. Monitored the network node equipment and inter-nodal links. Made recommendations for equipment and bandwidth upgrades including network expansion.  Provided state agencies with consultative and technical expertise and assistance in developing or expanding network systems and infrastructure. Delivered informative presentations to state agencies on new and expanding data service offerings. Established and maintained effective working relationships with state agencies, vendors, and other state government colleagues, such as the National Association of State Telecommunications Directors. Education Master's in Public Administration University of Missouri - Columbia, MO Bachelor of Science in Computer Science & Mathematics Central Missouri State University - Warrensburg, MO