IT Specialist <span class="hl">IT</span> Specialist MCPc - IT Specialist Walker, MI Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Specialist MCPc, Inc. - Grand Rapids, MI October 2017 to Present • Provide on-site and remote desktop support as needed for Herman Miller office and manufacturing PCs and laptops.  • Traveling throughout central and west Michigan to provide on-site desktop support on office and manufacturing  PCs and laptops.  • Image, configure and deploy new PCs and laptops efficiently and professionally.  • Provide IT support for clients such as Herman Miller, Parker Hannifin, Gerber Collision, Spectrum Health and Davenport College  • Wiring and setting up ethernet cable.  • Operate power tools and equipment safely.  • Follow specific directions to image and/or repair PCs, upgrade memory, load software, and otherwise prepare  PC's (including laptops and desktops) for deployment.  • Communicating daily all technical issues to my immediate supervisor as to provide the best support to clients.  • Participate in internal, departmental and project meetings in order to develop plan on how project is to be run. Assistant Manager Cole Haan June 2016 to October 2017 Coached store staff by reviewing and revising orientation to products and sales training materials. Review staff  job results and earning needs with retail store manager; developing and implementing new product training.  • Helped customers by providing information, answering questions, obtaining merchandise requested, completing  payment transactions and preparing merchandise for delivery.  • Prepared reports by collecting, analyzing and summarizing information. Project Supervisor Corix Utilities June 2013 to November 2015 • Coordinated daily production and safety awareness meetings with entire staff.  • Trained electric meter technicians, warehouse staff and oversaw safety and quality of the installation of meters.  • Resolved customer issues, answered customer questions and handled claims.  • Processed monthly expense reports and reviewed technician's vehicle inspections.  • Navigated through company specific software to process reports and manage staff.  • Assisted the project manager with the hiring, disciplining and termination process.  • Planned installation of electrical meters for appointment and life support customers, planning and coordinating routes, training new technicians and auditing the quality on meter installations.  • Managed time cards and schedules for 30 union employees. PC Tech Best Buy May 2006 to June 2013 Responsible for troubleshooting, installing and configuring Windows (9x, XP, Windows 7, and newer) and Mac  platforms.  • Performed consultations to instructed "best practice" training on hardware/software at the user level.  • Created detailed service tickets to perform accurate repairs.  • Ran a system analyzer on every client laptop and desktop.  • Performed data backups and setting up automated backups. Worked with backup and imaging software.  • Detected and cleaning infected PCs of malware infections utilizing removal software and manual methodology.  • Diagnosed and repairing hardware/software errors for clients in a timely manner.  • Recommended services, ordering parts, installing and configuring client hardware and software.  • Navigated through company specific databases and software. Education Continental Academy High School Skills Ms office, Adp, Cognex, Siemens, Excel, Outlook, Word, Problem solving, Information Technology, Desktop Support, Help Desk Additional Information Skills  Quick learner    Dependable    Hardworking    Motivated    Relentless    Problem Solving    Critical Thinking    Software  MS Office (excel, word, outlook, PP and one note)    ADP    Siemens    Anca    Predator    InfinityQS    Cognex