Healthcare IT Project Manager Healthcare <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Healthcare IT Project Manager - Applied Software Inc Washington, DC Work Experience Healthcare IT Project Manager Applied Software Inc - Burtonsville, MD September 2018 to Present • Leveraged agile methodologies to implement projects from kick-off to go-live with 100% success for some of the biggest billion dollar healthcare systems.  • Managed multiple $500K plus budgets for purchase of essential items with zero misappropriations of funds.  • Enhanced strategic alliances and partnerships with corporate business partners and clients by providing superior customer service.  • Documented workflows and executed comprehensive training plan to medical staff.  • Developed streamlined procedures that decreased labor time and eliminated redundancies.  • Coordinated with multiple vendors across countries for project meetings and implementations.  • Traveled to facilities all over the United States to implement upgrades and provide top tier training after go-live.  • Extensive experience with HL-7 interfaces, various RIS systems, PowerScribe360 and Hologic  • Coordinate with multiple clients in various time zones  • Extensive work with the web and product development team to release new versions of software  • Coordinate projects with team and assign projects to various team members  • Responsible for a team of six members  • Allocate a fixed budget among my team for business expenses, travel, bonuses and more. Implementation Manager Princeton Healthcare System - Princeton, NJ January 2017 to September 2018 •  Managed all logistical operations for the organization consisting of three subordinate elements with equipment and materials valued in excess of $20 million, resulting in a 100% accountability of equipment and materials and nearly a 100% level of equipment availability  •  Oversaw material goods and equipment inventories and accountability, resulting in a nearly zero percent loss.  • Extensive experience in Upgrade project implementations   • Experience in conducting Business Workshops, Coordinate between users and developers, create test scripts & training materials and train end users.  • Played a key role in data extract and mapping the material master, transactional, valuation class & G/L accounts, unit of measure, material types & groups, sales views for STOs.  • Business Process Analysis and Configuration of Purchase Requisitions, Quotation, Purchase Orders, Outline Agreements - contracts (quantity & value), scheduling agreements.  • Configuration: Configured material types, material groups, purchasing groups, vendor account groups, price control, shipping instructions and purchasing value keys Business Analyst Intern Robert Wood Johnson University Hospital - New Brunswick, NJ January 2016 to May 2016 • Performed quality assurance, system integration and user acceptance testing facilitating on-time, on-budget and acclaimed "go-live" of enterprise implementations  • Provided executives with analytics and decision-support tools used as the basis for reorganization, consolidation and relocation strategies.  • Completed in-depth analyses for business-optimization projects, reporting tools, back-office programs and payment-processing apps  • Negotiate and liaise between business teams, technology teams, and support teams  • Organized service trips to foreign countries for managers  • Worked with IT teams outsourced to various countries  • Coordinated with multiple teams in different countries and time zones Education Bachelors of Science in Public Health in Public Health Rutgers 2012 to 2016 Skills Hl-7, Foxpro, Sql, Sas, Ms office, Supply chain, Supply chain management, Spss, Integration, PM, Information Technology, Software Development, Visio (3 years), SDLC