IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager - NASA Johnson Space Center Houston, TX Technical Global PM with 20+ years' experience in solution architecting, offering and delivering across enterprise;  industry focus in the aerospace, government, oil & gas and retail. User comes first strategy to solution rollout  through and changes management. Eight years of knowledge management life cycle that has won awards and  recognition across NASA and Make Award. Work Experience IT Project Manager NASA Johnson Space Center - Houston, TX May 2015 to Present Technical PM that addresses the IT demands for three hundred scientists and doctors across the globe.  Managed both business and technical roll-out of IT and SharePoint tools through upgrades, and change  management. Developed stakeholder driven governance plan for taxonomy and directorate sites to set high  standards for collaboration, security and knowledge management on office 365 platform.    Award: JSC Director's Innovation Group Achievement Award  Accomplishments  ? Set Standard on the three Ps philosophy: people, process and performance.  ? Architected the SharePoint & Site Hubs and Team sites.  ? Changed IT perception of software tools that increase our adoption 100% on the first year.  ? Developed BI dashboards that guided the directorate project planning & Risks.  ? Managed Office 365 migrations through planning, communication and implementation.  ? Rolled out search first strategy that increased search queries 10 folds in the first 4 month.  ? Established best practices for collaboration, knowledge sharing and search.  ? Architected a taxonomy plan and recruited stakeholders to developed governance. SharePoint Specialist NALCO-CHAMPION - Houston, TX July 2013 to May 2015 Houston, TX 7/13 - 5/15  Knowledge Sharing Management  Joined the Knowledge Sharing Management team as a business IT specialist. Managed the cascading goals  and negotiations with consultants, corporate IT and Knowledge Share Team. Tailored a project progress and adoption dashboard that was reporting CTO and stakeholders. Worked with the team through requirements  collection, negotiation, validation, action plan, UAT, and execution. Developed an effective QA process for that significantly increased the adoption rate. Managed the search scopes and taxonomy for the SharePoint.    Award: Make Award 2014 for Knowledge Management    Accomplishments  ? Compiled IT weekly reports that were communicated to CTO and management personal.  ? Collaborated on the architecture of a knowledge management system that becomes industry  competitive advantage.  ? Facilitated the IT strategy road-map that improved collaboration between 2K SMEs and 4k+Sales.  ? Architect BI dashboards using SSIS, SSAS, Performance points and ETL.  ? Led the effort of MediaWiki from vendor sourcing, evaluation, implementation across 5K personal. IT Manager AD-A-Print Specialtees - Spring, TX May 2002 to September 2013 In 2006 Ad-A-Print was one of top 3 T-shirt Design online companies. I led the conception, design, and execution of the AD-A-Print Design online software. Sourced managed offshore developers for ongoing  Software Development. Developed a frontend online software that streamlined to production that had a 30%  cost saving and 100% increase in turnaround time. Managed vendor relationship that enabled Ad-A-Print to monopolize its local area market.    Accomplishments  ? Negotiated all software contracts.  ? Led an offshore team for over 6 years.  ? Led the team through complex web application.  ? Developed technical specs and limitation of software solutions.  ? Developed and led several small projects from conception to launch. Web Programmer PENTON MEDIA - Los Gatos, CA February 2001 to January 2002 Managed company servers and coded multiple online applications. Played an integral role in IT purchases and long term planning. Developed and launched 2 websites and several successful web applications; including a  real-time stock quote application.    Accomplishments  ? Responsibilities included creating several programs to facilitate communication.  ? Utilized Site Server components to develop the back-end infrastructure. Alleviated responsibilities  from the Director of Web  ? Led several small projects (1-2 people) including centralizing the company database to MSSQL  System, and conceiving and creating a stock indexing program using ASP, Perl, and SQL.  ? Maintained 6 web server each with loyal readership between 2-10 thousand users a month. Web Programmer Fuse Systems, Inc - San Mateo, CA May 2000 to January 2001 Compiled C++ code created by Engineers. Coordinated with the team of engineers and designers to carry  their product to the web.  Accomplishments  Worked with the team that was writing code for the first iPod. Web Programmer Instructional Resource Center (IRC), SJSU - San Jose, CA October 1998 to May 2000 Programming both Internet and intranet applications, and video editing and streaming. Developed several  websites utilizing JavaScript, Dhtml (cross-browser compatible), and Flash.    Accomplishments  ? Instructed several faculty workshops  ? Maintained several Servers and Programmer several DB applications using several languages.  ? Trained staff on new technologies  ? Technologies feasibility and analysis for school recommendations. Education B.S. in Marketing San Jose State University - San Jose, CA Skills Pmbok, Knowledge management, Change management, Product Management (5 years), Metrics, Strategic planning, PMP Additional Information Areas of Expertise  ? Global Engagement of management and IT ? Product cycle development to rollout  ? IT Budgeting and Strategic Planning ? Problem solving & Change management  ? Leverage BI Decision Dashboard & Metrics ? Knowledge management philosophy  ? PMBOK best practices ? 23 years of technical experience