Owner/Lead Technician Owner/Lead Technician Owner/Lead Technician - Fresh Carpets, LLC Lumberton, NJ Secure a challenging position allowing me to grow my skill sets and utilize my experience, education and professional skills with the prospect of advancing throughout the selected company Work Experience Owner/Lead Technician Fresh Carpets, LLC - Mantua, NJ June 2011 to Present Family owned and operated carpet, upholstery, and tile cleaning business. Lead and direct employees to complete jobs with the utmost professionalism while producing a service of the highest quality. Other day to day responsibilities include: customer conflict resolution, sales and job scheduling, marketing and networking. Relief Manager Investment Real Estate Management - York, PA September 2009 to June 2011 Assistant manager at three self-storage facilities in South Jersey, managed day to day office operations, made payment collection calls, provided and submitted end of day, week, and month reports to top level executives, customer sales, property maintenance IT Project Manager Computer Sciences Corporation - Falls Church, VA December 2005 to March 2008 supporting the General Dynamics corporate office in Falls Church, VA. Managed projects from cradle to the grave working with my project teams, completed discovery, developed budget and scheduling, facilitated daily status meetings, tracked projects and reported weekly to client, communicated status of projects deliverables, budgets and schedules, served as instructor to CSC Project Management Office project managers on development of proper CSC defined project initiation documentation IT Project Manager for Transformation and Account Operations The Computer Merchant, Ltd - Norwell, MA March 2004 to December 2005 Norwell, MA March 2004 - December 2005  Supported CSC client as IT Project Manager for Transformation and Account Operations projects, responsible for the development of project initiation documentation, developing and tracking project plans, maintaining full financial workbooks, status reporting, and issue & risk mitigation Plastic Machine Operator Plastic Suppliers - Mount Laurel, NJ March 1998 to October 2001 Operated multiple plastic cutting and slitting machinery. Education The Cittone Institute - Mount Laurel, NJ 2001 to 2002 Skills CUSTOMER SERVICE (Less than 1 year), DETAIL ORIENTED (Less than 1 year), EXCELLENT WRITING (Less than 1 year), MCSE (Less than 1 year), MICROSOFT OFFICE (Less than 1 year), retail sales, Time Management, Sales, Microsoft Excel, Hand Tools, Word, Microsoft Excel, Hand Tools Additional Information Skills:    ? Soft skills required to provide high quality customer service  ? Extremely proficient at utilizing all Microsoft Office products  ? Able to recognize and lead a team to resolve issues  ? Excellent writing, communication and organization skills  ? Great team work with optimistic and positive attitude  ? Advanced user of Microsoft Project 2000  ? Problem solving skills with an ability to assess and resolve an issue  ? Ability to work well in a fast paced environment to meet crucial deadlines  ? Extremely detail oriented and process driven with the aptitude to work independently  ? Strong technical skills. Certifications include: MCSE in Windows 2000, A+, and Network+  ? Building trust and long lasting relationships with prospective and current customer base