IT Director <span class="hl">IT</span> Director IT Director Kennesaw, GA IT Professional with a balanced blend of strategic and tactical experience, who has demonstrated strong leadership capability in partnering and collaborating with cross-functional business units to plan, design, develop, and implement strategic innovative technology that enables transformational business objectives.    • ERP (AX), business applications and Infrastructure Technology Implementations  • IT Project Management  • IT/Business Strategic Vision Partner & Leader  • 17+ Years IT Life Sciences Experience (Pharma)  • Builds Internal/External Relationships at All Levels    • FDA & DEA Compliance Expertise  • GAMP 5 Computerized System Validation  • Excellent Risk Manager and Change Manager  • Manage Budgets up to $20M  • Strong Negotiation and Conflict Resolution Skills  • Excellent Communication Skills Work Experience IT Director Osmotica Pharmaceuticals US LLC - Marietta, GA June 2016 to April 2019 Marietta, GA June 2016 - April 2019  Global pharmaceutical company focused on developing, manufacturing, and marketing high value pharmaceutical products that require a sophisticated level of technology, expertise and innovation. I  IT Director - Leads a team of 6 IT professionals, implementing critical, compliant and validated ERP applications and key business processes as well as infrastructure (e.g. servers, storage, security and voice), reporting to the VP of IT.  • Directed and provided the project management for the implementation of Microsoft Dynamics AX 2012 R3 for Finance, Treasury Automation, Manufacturing, Supply Chain, and Sales and Distribution, including integrations using EDI, Revitas, UPS Worldship, Suspicious Order Monitoring, and DEA/State Licensing verification.  • Managed the computerized system validation deployment of Microsoft Dynamics AX 2012 R3 Manufacturing module in order to enhance production efficiencies for the commercial release of product as well as maintain cGxP and 21CFRPart11 compliance.  • Managed third party Microsoft Partner relationships as well as ISV relationships for the Microsoft Dynamics AX 2012 R3 platform.  • Created, maintained, and ensured compliance to IT Standard Operating Systems and policies.  • Experienced with both waterfall and agile project management methodologies for project initiation, requirements, design, testing, and production deployment.  • Responsible for daily operational support and change management for Microsoft Dynamics AX 2012 R3.  • Led the three operating company infrastructure integration strategy and implementation focusing on data, active directory, Microsoft Exchange, voice communications, file sharing and collaboration, and business applications.  • Provided strategic direction to global IT policies and standard operating procedures for US, Argentina, and Hungary. Project Leader Merit Solutions, Inc - Wheaton, IL January 2015 to June 2016 Wheaton, IL January 2015 - June 2016  Merit Solutions is a global business process consultant and systems integrator with offices in North America and Europe. Merit is a focused-strategy company with the goal of being the very best at helping clients automate, grow, and transform their business through process mapping and optimization, change management, and innovative IT consulting and development services  Project Leader - Responsible for ensuring successful delivery of customer projects, reporting to the VP - Services  • Managed four AX implementations to a successful go-live within 12 months.  • Coordinate the mobilization activities at Project Initiation for Microsoft AX Implementations  • Lead the delivery of the AX Dynamics at the agreed upon terms, cost, schedule, and quality level  • Created and used standardized set of tools, processes and metrics.  • Tracked key metrics for the engagement (e.g. budget, schedule, projection tracking, profitability, forecast)  • Communicated project status and risk assessments on a regular basis  • Provided pre-sales and post-sales consulting on Life Sciences best practices  • Provided budget estimates for business development opportunities in Life Sciences IT Business Solutions Director Atlanta Housing Authority - Atlanta, GA March 2014 to January 2015 Atlanta, GA March 2014 - January 2015  Premier, Non-profit housing agency organized under Georgia law to develop, acquire, lease and operate affordable housing for low-income families. AHA is the largest housing agency in George and one of the largest in the nation, serving approximately 50,000 Atlanta citizens.  IT Business Solutions Director - Lead a team of IT professionals, implementing application technology with key internal customizations, reporting to the VP- IT Business Solutions.  • Performed capacity and resource management for 15 projects for Fiscal Year 2015.  • Served as Project Manager for ERP upgrade of the Voyager Public Housing and Financial Software completing the project 30 days early. IT Director Osmotica Pharmaceutical - Marietta, GA February 2012 to March 2014 Marietta, GA February 2012 - March 2014  Global pharmaceutical company focused on drug delivery technologies with a special focus in neurology-based therapies.  IT Director - Lead a team of IT professionals, implementing critical infrastructure, telephony, and application technology, reporting to the CFO  • Implemented Microsoft Dynamics AX 2012 for Finance, Inventory Management, and Quality Control.  • Improved network, storage, and server technology, replacing with CISCO Unified Computing solutions, CISCO switches, and ASA firewalls for two US sites, introducing high-availability, redundancy, and failover processes.  • Phased out third party IT provider in Wilmington, bringing all IT operational support in house to Marietta.  • Directed the implementation of IT SOPs to ensure FDA compliance with Computerized Systems. IT Program/Portfolio Implementation Manager, Business Systems Children's Healthcare of Atlanta - Atlanta, GA June 2011 to February 2012 Atlanta, GA June 2011-February 2012  Leading pediatric non-profit hospital in the country with 8000 global employees who provide excellent patient care.  IT Program/Portfolio Implementation Manager, Business Systems - Lead a team of 8 IT project managers, implementing critical business relationships and technology, reporting to the PMO Director  • Aligned and managed IT Project and Program Portfolio to support critical business strategies.  • Partnered with other IT Leaders to present recommendations that project management core competency should be managed within PMO. Resulted in new job creation for 4 PM positions (within 2 months). IT Director, the Americas Solvay Pharmaceuticals, Inc - Marietta, GA 1997 to 2011 Marietta, GA 1997-2011  International Pharmaceuticals Company with sales of EUR 2.4 billion, 9000 global employees. Acquired by Abbott Laboratories and re-named to Abbott Products, Inc. in February 2010  IT Director, the Americas - Led a global team of 14 IT professionals, managing critical global business relationships and technology, reporting to the CIO  • Fully aligned and managed IT Portfolio for the Americas to support global business strategies; prioritizing local business value add projects based on global strategies, regulatory compliance, ROI, personnel resources, and budget. Coordinated project evaluations, deployments, and management through local and global IT Steering committees,  • Saved the global IT organization over $3M in operating costs (out of an $11M international operational budget) while providing key technology to support key business initiatives and realize critical business objectives Oracle Corporation - Atlanta, GA 1997 to 1998 Charles H. Mack & Associates - Cincinnati, OH 1995 to 1997 Brock Control Systems - Atlanta, GA 1989 to 1995 Unisys Corporation - Atlanta, GA 1986 to 1989 Hewlett Packard Corporation - Atlanta, GA 1980 to 1986 Education Bachelor of Arts in English Studies University of Georgia 1980 Skills Word, Strategic Planning, training, budget Assessments Management & Leadership Skills: Planning & Execution — Highly Proficient August 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to effectively plan and manage resources to accomplish organizational goals. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/mdhtik5t0nxn1fal Management & Leadership Skills: Impact & Influence — Expert August 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to adapt their leadership style to accomplish goals using rational or emotional appeal. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/cb5zotlb7ayaiobr Data Analysis — Highly Proficient August 2019 Measures a candidate's skill in interpreting and producing graphs, identifying trends, and drawing justifiable conclusions from data. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/ttxzwgrdqpi3j8j Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.