Vice President, Information Technology Vice President, Information Technology Vice President, Information Technology Lisbon, CT Work Experience Vice President, Information Technology Mohegan Sun - Uncasville, CT July 2016 to February 2019 • Spearheaded Extended IT Operations for an 80-person IT department supporting more than 6000 users with an annual budget in excess of $20MM. Core focus was on delivering business critical projects across all functions through effective Technical Leadership, Data Center Infrastructure, IT Budgeting, Procurement & Implementation  • Was approval authority for the selection, development and implementation of technology systems for multiple properties across the United States  • Played a key role in reducing the IT operational budget by 4% through consolidation and elimination of outdated or underutilized applications  • Successfully attained 9% year over year increase in employee satisfaction scores by redesigning and streamlining outdated processes  • Initiated the first private cloud installation for the casino, directing the conversion of the existing data warehouse to this model, realizing a capital savings of $1MM in the process  • Actively involved in the selection and management of onshore and offshore 3rd party vendors. Primary responsibility for contract negotiation and maintaining ongoing relationships  • Contributions towards managing a multi-year project to gain compliance with Payment Card Institute Standards IT Director Mohegan Sun - Uncasville, CT March 2013 to July 2016 • Steered IT Operations; inclusive of Budgeting, Technology Roadmaps & Evangelization, Project Management, Implementation & Support, Procurement and Maintenance of IT Infrastructure, Data Analysis, and Application Development  • Portfolio Manager for the organization's IT project portfolio and annual capital budget; prioritized and oversaw a multi-million dollar IT project portfolio.  • Served in the capacity of Product Owner for multiple projects.  • Pivotal in redesigning the PMO and existing project processes to fit the evolving goals of the enterprise  • Introduced cloud computing to Mohegan Sun, leading the conversion of the internal mail system to the Microsoft O365 platform. Orchestrated working with multiple vendors and internal resources to define requirements and perform the conversion. Recognized labor savings of 1 FTE at the end of the project  • Chaired regular engineering sessions involving multiple functional areas to design or introduce new products and architect enhancements to existing ones  • Dexterously designed and instituted the company's first root-cause analysis program to address system outages, realizing a first year reduction in system and application outages of 37%  • Skillfully provided direction and oversight to the software development, data analysis, production control, back-of-house application support, service delivery and systems/network groups IT Manager, Software Development & Architecture Mohegan Sun - Uncasville, CT May 2003 to March 2013 • Hands-on leadership of a diverse team of software developers (Java, RPG & .Net), Application Architects and the Project Management Office  • Monitored the selection and implementation of a MuleSoft Enterprise Service Bus, thereby shortening development cycles and enhancing re-usability of developed components  • Mentored & guided the development team through the creation and launch of a customer-facing loyalty program portal  • Introduced the Agile methodology to the casino to manage all development projects, greatly reducing time to market and increasing customer satisfaction with developed products  • Served as project manager for software development efforts using both Waterfall and Agile methodologies  • Developed ad hoc reports and documents for senior executive team members on weekly basis Project Manager Computer Sciences Corporation - Norwich, CT March 2000 to May 2003 • Administered project elements for multiple initiatives from initial planning to project rollout while assigned to the Pratt & Whitney account  • Responsible for:  ? Monitoring the performance of project team members; provided and documented performance feedback  ? Maintaining project schedules by managing timelines and making proactive adjustments.  ? Creating project plans using MS Project; identified key issues, approaches and performance metrics    PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT & CREDENTIALS Education Master of Science University of New Haven - West Haven, CT Skills Budgeting (5 years), Java (9 years), Project Management (10+ years), software development (10+ years), STRUCTURED SOFTWARE (10+ years) Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/russellninteau Certifications/Licenses PMP May 2022 Scrum Master Certified May 2022 Additional Information SKILL AREAS: Strategic & Tactical Planning ? Enterprise IT Operations ? IT Service Management ? Project / Program Management ? Application/Software Development ? Requirement Gathering ? Quality Assurance ? Internal Consulting ? Solution Delivery ? Inter-Divisional Coordination ? Budgeting / Resource Management ? Business Process Management ? Outsourcing / Vendor Management ? IT Governance ? Change Control Management ? Business Continuity Planning? Stakeholder Management ? Team Supervision / Training    Technical Skills:  • Microsoft Office Suite, including Project &Visio  • Java, C++ and Python