SR. IT SECURITY PROGRAM MANAGER - IAM THREAT INTELLIGENCE SR. <span class="hl">IT</span> SECURITY PROGRAM <span class="hl">MANAGER</span> - IAM THREAT INTELLIGENCE SR. IT SECURITY PROGRAM MANAGER - IAM THREAT INTELLIGENCE - QUALCOMM Los Angeles, CA Work Experience SR. IT SECURITY PROGRAM MANAGER - IAM THREAT INTELLIGENCE QUALCOMM - San Diego, CA April 2019 to Present Reporting to the VP of IT, Director of IAM, and VP HR responsible for managing the migration of 4,000 global employees to Qualcomm. This would include documenting use cases for provisioning new employees, terminations, managing e-mail groups, security groups, password synchronization, SAP identity integration, domain deprecation. Manage the efforts of Threat Intelligence team in the creation of a global SOC based in India. Implement Splunk ES and user behavior analytics. Manage the deployment of EDR NGAV Carbon Black to all assets across the enterprise.    Responsibilities:  • Creation project charter, RAID log, program, project plan, communication plan and cutover plan for new acquired company RF360 with several global locations.  • Document end to end account lifecycle management uses cases of newly acquired.  • Document detailed requirements and creation of use cases with the input from key stakeholders.  • Work closely with developers in India OIM team to provide use cases with various attributes.  • Develop detailed plan for QA, integration testing, and smoke testing.  • Manage collaboration across global IT teams and business to throughout development and implementation.  • Coordinate all project planning and execution for SIEM platform Splunk ES.  • Work with Threat Hunting Team to develop a triage RBAC model for Carbon Black deployment.  • Work with AD directory teams and HR for provisioning of new users, groups, e-mail, and migration of applications into a new operating model Oracle IAM.    PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE IT SECURITY PROJECT MANAGER DXC TECHNOLOGY - Burbank, CA April 2018 to April 2019 Key activities include project estimation and delivery for large scale IT deployments at Kaiser Permanente. Responsible for leading a team to design, build, test, and strengthen SOC policies and procedures. Work with the IS security architecture and strategy team to prioritize security projects base on risk level.    Responsibilities:  • Creation of change control board / project governance policy and procedure.  • Lead a 25-member project team to remediate the QSA identified vulnerabilities.  • Document security requirements and create policies and procedures.  • Create current state and future state process diagrams.  • Manage operating and project financials of resources and assets.  • Ensure latest patches and updates are deployed and documented the process.  • Oversee the analysis of network ports and create action plan for network hardening.  • Work with Tripwire vendor to setup PCI specific content filters, dashboards, and reporting.  • Managing data migration design, mapping rules, unit testing and integration testing. IT SECURITY PROGRAM MANAGER - IAM UCLA HEALTH INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY - Los Angeles, CA November 2017 to June 2018 As the Security Project Manager, managed a security portfolio to improve the security posture of medical devices - networked assets within UCLA Health. Facilitate the Governance, Risk and Compliance Board meetings with Clinical Engineering, Procurement, PMO, Finance, CTO and Risk Management. Worked to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of the SOC and work with UCLA vendors to expand the SIEM. Created all meeting reports, action items, procedures, charters, and project plans.    Responsibilities:  • Assessment of technical gaps in identity access management programs with HR, AD teams, Exchange and Skype.  • Implemented maintained PKI identity management to ensure identity access and e-commerce device credentials were properly provisioned.  • Conducted analysis to identity and map legacy certificates to the appropriate server and owner to reissue certificates.  • Managed the review of all logs and reports of hosts, network traffic, firewall logs and IDS logs.  • Managed the configuration of the security center within MS Azure Active Directory for Splunk Add-on for incident reporting within Office365 by IP address.  • Updated and configure firewalls, anti-malware, and file integrity monitoring.  • Manage remote desktop security and risk by deploying jump box solution with GPO and two-factor.  • Deployed Symantec and Sophos endpoint protection on networked medical devices.  • Documented networked asset physical attributes, applications & ports, contracts, scheduled vendor updates and patching information and migrated those assets / data to ServiceNow CMDB.  • Implemented User Behavior Analytics reporting module within Splunk.    PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE IT PROJECT MANAGER - SOARIAN FINANCIALS ALAMEDA HEALTH SYSTEMS - Oakland, CA May 2017 to September 2017 Reported to executive IT leadership at Alameda Hospital, conduct the analysis and drive the rebuild of the Physician Pro-Fee billing side of Cerner - Soarian Financials. Manage the project team's efforts to stay on track within tight deadlines, identify and manage risks and defects. Work with all IS and Area Leaders within Patient Access, ED, Scheduling, Charge Entry, HIM, and Revenue Integrity on Physician Revenue Management Rebuild.    Responsibilities:  • Worked with Soarian Financials Cerner analysts to develop all required technical documentation for design documents, updating the hospital charge master service catalog, rebuilding the physician cost center mapping.  • Developed and present detailed MS project plan, sub- project plan, Issues Log, weekly Executive Summary and update SharePoint with all relevant project artifacts.  • Coordinated the efforts of system Unit Testing, Integration Testing and Remediation.  • Vendor management of Experian Health ensuring successful and time sensitive EDI & ERA enrollment and conducting claims testing.  • Designed, build, test, deploy and validate interfaces and obtain sign off from internal customers.  • Created and manage pre-go live activities: business and patient communications, training on new processes, sign off on contingency plans.  • Created and oversee post-go live processes: End-User support, training the Help Desk-Production Support.  • Created Post Go-Live test strategy, obtain all required approvals as per RACI, closed the project 9/1/17.  • Manage and report defects, risks and constraints and make provide solutions and alternatives. SR. IT PROGRAM MANAGER, Application Support and Operations DISNEY Technology Solutions & Services - Burbank, CA January 2017 to May 2017 As the IT Security Program Manager, manage the nationwide e-commerce Disney Stores portfolio of IT security projects assigned by the Director of Enterprise Business Systems. Develop, document, implement and manage the enterprise wide IAM framework and strategy for identity access management.    Responsibilities:  • Planned and scheduled the execution of Red Team penetration testing on Disney E-Commerce network servers and operating systems.  • Analyzed penetration test results and engage with Business Unit Leaders, ISO, Compliance, server facility manager, and relevant vendors to develop program scope and individual project plans.  • Conducted a gap analysis of systems; encryption, logging multi-factor policy creation.  • Worked with data center facilities manager ensure security is factored into the installation and configuration of hardware, virtual hosts, and applications in ServiceNow.  • Led technical teams to evaluate, select, install and configure hardware/ software for PII data masking on DEV, QA, and Prod servers.  • Deployment of two factor authentications on virtual jump server for Disney point of sale devices compliance to PII updates.  • Managed network vulnerability and threat management projects in application and OS log monitoring, root cause analysis, alert triage and incident response.  • Coordinated the efforts of Red Team in pen tests on e-Commerce platform and servers.    PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE SR. IT PROJECT MANAGER, Enterprise Infrastructure & IT Security HEALTH NET - Los Angeles, CA October 2015 to December 2016 In a large matrix PMO environment, led up to eight project teams supporting the Director of IT, IT Security-InfoSec, Risk Management, and business leaders. Responsible for the all aspects of the project from initiation, analysis, vendor RFP, budget approvals with finance, to go-live. Created and maintain weekly and monthly status reports, executive power point presentations. Worked with QA, release management and project testers to ensure proper SIT and UAT testing occurs for code deployment.    Responsibilities:  • Responsible for project kick-off meetings, meeting minutes, agendas, templates, documented test strategy, implement plan, and maintenance of SharePoint.  • Managed application enhancement to manage the compliance with updated CMS regulations - $700,000.  • Identify, track and report issues, risks, and defects with green, yellow, and red status.  • Ensured QA and UAT defects were reported and remediated timely.  • Budget and resource management - Add / Remove resources to the project plan, approve work hours, track vendor hours, report if project health and within budget.  • Completed federal compliance / application upgrade project within budget of $350,000.  • Completed SOX compliance project working with IBM and AT&T within $650,000 budget.  • Completed $750,000 IT security project installing Carbon Black Confer NGAV malware protection software on desktops and laptops throughout the organization.  • Completed $900,000 infrastructure project installing critical new load balancers in central data center. SR. IT PROJECT MANAGER, Information Security L.A. CARE HEALTH PLAN - Los Angeles, CA October 2014 to October 2015 IT Project Manager working within the PMO QNXT Core Team, responsible for a security program which supported the relationship between the health plan, Covered California, and the Affordable Care Act. -Exchange. Represented Security on the PMO Change Control Board. Managed the deployment and security of new pre-paid card payment gateway to maintain compliance with PCI-DSS and HIPAA.    Responsibilities:  • From a security standpoint, managed the partnership with Bank of America, Compliance, Legal, web developers, VP of IT, and e-commerce vendor for kick-off meeting, scope session, risk meeting, project team meetings for PayNearMe.  • Created proof of concept, charter, FRD, TRD, and BRD, risk register, for routing, encryption, ACH/ online payments, mobile pay, and POS interfaces and security.  • Created formal P&P, Fraud, Disaster Recovery, Business Continuity, Data Breach-Customer Notification Plan.  • Met regularly with CIO and other executive stakeholders to create a cohesive strategy for the use of QNXT across the enterprise.  • Coordinate the efforts the TriZetto, Infosys developers, EDI Operations team to perform patches, updates, analyze and triage member PHI data files.  • Managed EDI functions and file formats X12 transactions, HL7, HIPAA 5010 8371, 999, 277 CA.  • Held daily scrum sessions Plan Benefit Operations, Medical Management, development team and QNXT vendor to perform system enhancement in multiple agile project.  • Established project charter, issue logs, risk register, SharePoint site, project plans, coordinate helpdesk SWAT issue response team, set up ticket system for business units with 1st and 2nd level support in ServiceNow.  PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE PROJECT MANAGER, Integration UNITED HEALTHGROUP OPTUM - Los Angeles, CA October 2013 to October 2014 PROJECT MANGER, Implementations MCKESSON - Bakersfield, CA October 2011 to August 2013 PROJECT MANAGER GREATER NEWPORT PHYSICIANS - Newport Beach, CA September 2009 to July 2011 DIRECTOR OF SPECIAL PROJECTS & IMPLEMENTATIONS PHYSICIANS MANAGEMENT GROUP, LLC - Los Angeles, CA September 2008 to May 2009 Education B.S. in Computer Science Colorado Technical University 2022 Skills Security, Ids, Ips, Splunk, Soc, Remediation, Integration, Risk management, Kanban Additional Information SKILL HIGHLIGHTS    • Agile Scrum / Kanban Values & Principles • SOC Build Out / IDS / IPS  • Penetration Testing Remediation • Mergers & Acquisitions  • Risk Management / Cloud Security • IAM Account Lifecycle  • Splunk ES / Carbon Black • Integration / Transformation