Sr. I.T. Project Manager Sr. I.T. <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> SENIOR I.T. PROJECT MANAGER Atlanta, GA A strong transformational leader who excels in relationship building, problem-solving, and planning. Possess exemplary vision in organizational development by recruiting, motivating, and retaining a diverse staff. Employed best practice skills in the local and federal government, healthcare, finance and transportation industries. Successfully implemented Project Management Office (PMO), Change Management and Release Management business processes, and delivered measurable value on multiple, concurrent projects in an on-shore/off-shore model. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr. I.T. Project Manager Anthem, Inc. - Atlanta, GA March 2018 to Present Manage multiple projects on-time to satisfy Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) requirements, through the full Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and AGILE Methodology; exceeding customer expectations. Maintain the project's budget, schedule, and resource assignments. Effectively define activities, sequence activities, and estimate the duration of activities.  Responsible for analyzing and managing the risk within the project and communicating this to the leadership team.  Engage with product owners to ensure stories are properly articulated, prioritized, and detailed. Provide leadership, direction, and coaching for the scrum team to meet target sprint objectives. Lead and resolve backlog management challenges, including monitoring sprint progress to identify blocked or stalled stories, driving towards resolution with the team. Utilizing tools such as MS Project, SharePoint, and JIRA/Confluence. Director of Strategic Projects Elevation Book Publishing - Atlanta, GA April 2016 to March 2018 ·        Responsible for designing and implementing strategic projects and initiatives for the Project Management Office. Coordinated with senior leadership to identify strategic process improvement opportunities aligned with their strategic business objectives.   ·        Lead and manage project managers to successfully execute projects working on complex books and digital publishing projects with large and diverse teams (internal and external).  Mandate Planning/Evaluation Director Anthem, Inc. - Atlanta, GA July 2006 to April 2016 Mandate Planning/Evaluation Director  ·        Collaborated with compliance, regulatory and legal stakeholders to identify emerging mandates (contractual, remediation or corporate). Applied knowledge of the organization and acute understanding of the healthcare industry and regulatory trends. Drove stakeholders to balance the strategic needs of the organization with mandate compliance resulting in flexible solutions, and minimum impact on the business. Recommended and championed process improvement opportunities to improve Mandates organization.  ·        Identified business owners and SMEs to participate in project teams and to determine the business impact of mandate. Developed the project plan which includes scope, requirements, schedule, issues, and risks.     Senior I.T. Project Manager  ·        Contributed to the Enterprise strategic and budget planning process by identifying new projects or enhancements to existing applications to meet changing business needs. Created project plans, cost estimates, and resource requirements.  Performed financial modeling for project budgets and prepare/present presentations to senior management.  ·        Managed projects through the full Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) process and exceeded customer expectations. Maintained project schedule and resource assignments. Effectively defined activities, sequence activities, and estimate the duration of activities. Managed project costs and/or revenues and controlled change management. Responsible for analyzing and managing the risk within the project and communicating to the leadership team. Managed projects from $350K to $16M. Utilizing tools such as MS Project and SharePoint.  ·        Coordinate with Development Managers and Technical Lead/Architect to identify technical options for meeting business requirements and develop procedures to measure and ensure quality. Create traceability matrix to ensure business requirements gathered would accurately translate to functional requirements and be delivered on-time to the technical team. Experienced with Waterfall and trained in Agile. Ensure adherence to HIPPA guidelines.    Senior I.T. Release Manager  Lead multiple functional teams for enterprise-wide software and system implementations. Increased efficiency by reducing production outages, time to market, and cost. Created the execution process and developed back-out plans. Communicated with C-Level and Senior executives to identify shortfalls and prioritize executable solutions for immediate impact. Designed, developed, and coordinated intuitive training to improve SOX compliance. Senior I.T. Project Manager (Contractor) Georgia Department of Driver’s Services - Conyers, GA August 2005 to July 2006 ·        Perform dynamic analysis highlighting operational pitfalls. Provided an in-house solution by developing best practice methodologies and creating an implementation plan to fully execute an operational PMO. Remarkably decreased application development time, therefore increasing the operational budget for additional functionalities with other applications.  ·        Established multiple checkpoints for driving solutions for vendor selection and management. Coordinated key Request for Proposal (RFP) elements decreasing award selection challenge.  ·        Drove all aspects of the project functions, including Finance, Marketing, and Training.  Education Master of Science in Project Management Keller Graduate School of Management April 2007 Bachelor of Art Computer Information Systems Saint Leo University June 1994 Skills Microsoft Office Suite (10+ years), Microsoft Project (10+ years), PMP, Project Management, Agile Scrum Military Service Branch: Air Force Service Country: United States Rank: E-5 Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) Certified ScrumMaster (CSM) November 2018 to November 2020 Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS    VB/VB.NET 8 years   ASP/ASP.NET 8 years   RDBMS 8 years  SQL 8 years   IIS 8 years  Web Services 2 years